tr	PRES	She shone her light around the space , following the glow of the flashlight 's ray along the walls .
tr	PRES	" Okay now , okay , settle down .
tr	PRES	" Ugh ... " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Now it frames her slender face like the perfect picture frame , causing her eyes to appear larger and the angles of her face softer .
tr	PRES	" Don 't be an ass , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Chapter 6 " Seth took Kirstie to McDonald 's , " Paige announced , tucking her cell phone into her purse .
tr	PAST	Teddy hollered , unwilling to be put off .
tr	PRES	I quietly snuck up to him and pulled at his sleeve .
tr	PRES	His tongue slides along the inside edge of my lower lip .
tr	PAST	Unable to suppress it , Mandy yawned sleepily and stretched lazily .
tr	PAST	The smell churned my stomach even faster .
tr	PRES	I lean against the post and watch her set up .
tr	PAST	Wall 's chuckle rumbled through the room .
tr	PAST	With great difficulty Brand regained at least some of his composure .
tr	PAST	He sobered as she pushed her plate away , too .
tr	PAST	Canto 3 ONE I led Lilly to a safe little nook well out of sight of the curator 's office .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Your Lordship .
tr	PAST	Someone sneezed and I waited until the fit had ended before I started .
tr	PRES	The Spectator launches onto my throat , and I jerk , losing my grasp on the knife .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " Blythe murmurs as she works to swivel the guns to the rear of the craft , her eyes clued to the radar screen .
tr	PAST	The other he affixed to the inside of Judith 's car bumper .
tr	PAST	The Lexus barreled onto I-25 and continued north .
tr	PRES	" I 'll assign a soldier to help you search , " Elliott offers .
tr	PAST	He exposed the flat ridge of his stomach , and the muscles rippling there made Renna 's mouth go dry .
tr	PAST	The wiry hairs tickled her palms and his muscles turned rock-hard beneath her hands .
tr	PAST	And she provided the image of the mother and melted the spirit where the harsh words of a man would have toughened it .
tr	PAST	My dad 's voice boomed into the bathroom , and my eyes widened in shock as he stared at the two of us in the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Malone . "
tr	PAST	He grunted and climbed to his feet , still holding me .
tr	PAST	Turning away from the window , I unzipped my hoodie and carefully slid it off .
tr	PAST	So , in answer to Brezhnev 's query , he lied .
tr	PAST	I cautiously inched the rest of the way towards them and grabbed her hand again .
tr	PRES	" Your nickel . "
tr	PRES	It senses your movement .
tr	PRES	Dham absently strokes the cat .
tr	PAST	" I wonder how they found out , " I pondered aloud .
tr	PRES	Though far and wide the pack must go All borders they disdain .
tr	PAST	Which finger belonged to which slave was a puzzle best left unsolved .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a thumb toward Roku .
tr	PRES	The aging priestess pursued carefully , her dark brows joining .
tr	PAST	She crawled slowly to the closet , paused , breathed heavily , pulled open the door .
tr	PAST	I thanked the clockmaker and tried to take my leave .
tr	PAST	We hopped in our rental car and drove to the haunted house .
tr	PAST	Christie charged up the steps , breathless when she reached the landing .
tr	PAST	Instinctively Chives shrank back a few steps as the heir rehearsed a few half swings , the club striking the stone floor with the odd spark .
tr	PRES	I relive ... that second ... over and over . "
tr	PRES	She breathes , ' wait here , ' before continuing forward towards the figure .
tr	PRES	They lean in close and speak softly .
tr	PRES	My mom glances out at the mountains and the sky is tinted pink from the sunrise and reflects in her eyes .
tr	PAST	The faces in front of him reflected an open longing that tore him apart .
tr	PAST	I hooked my short pinkie with his , enjoying every second of the happy moment .
tr	PAST	" Philip , " Helen uttered his name and waited for him to turn her way .
tr	PRES	" Okay , ' en . '
tr	PAST	" He messed with you . "
tr	PAST	With a beer in his door hand and the window open to yell endlessly at everyone , he steered and shifted with the other hand .
tr	PAST	Warm light shone out , breaking up from the myriad tiny panes .
tr	PRES	He slams into Will , shoving him against the wall .
tr	PRES	She tries to disguise it , but there is an undercurrent of panic in her voice .
tr	PAST	" Um ... " she muttered cautiously , " what are you doing ? "
tr	PRES	He remembers being an animal of some sort . "
tr	PRES	It belongs to a skinny guy with long black hair that covers half his face .
tr	PAST	She must have sensed my presence because she popped her head up , her body sinking .
tr	PRES	I dreaded the funeral and the reception afterward .
tr	PRES	He flips through a magazine like he isn 't listening , but I know that he is .
tr	PRES	" Bailey Wright . "
tr	PRES	Nina draws out her smaller camera and holds it like a talisman , practically sniffing around for a good shot .
tr	PRES	While Jaimie is gone , Diana begins speaking to herself hoping that in some way , Daniel will be able to hear her .
tr	PRES	" Uh , fine , " I mumbled in response .
tr	PRES	" I bet you noticed Bradley dancing with Sabrina , " Jackie teased .
tr	PAST	" She should be concerned , " Stephanie clipped .
tr	PAST	She rinsed the pig off and examined the scratches .
tr	PRES	" He 's a Captain , " she corrects .
tr	PAST	The mechanics weaved their way through the tangled mess of motors and wires leading to the main unit .
tr	PRES	His nostrils flare in reaction .
tr	PRES	" I vow . "
tr	PRES	It just protects the human body from the cold .
tr	PRES	" Of course he loves you ... I love you too .
tr	PAST	He just caressed her cheek .
tr	PRES	A girl pops out her head behind him .
tr	PAST	The rest of the guys slapped each other 's backs , laughing their asses off .
tr	PAST	he inquired dryly , enjoying her spirit as much as he 'd enjoyed her laughter a moment before .
tr	PRES	And - " NOW ! "
tr	PAST	The thought of it pricked through any semblance of sanity he 'd restored to himself over the years .
tr	PRES	" Did you piss off the old lady ? "
tr	PRES	How I 'm finally the girl a guy likes enough to be with and not just flirt with .
tr	PAST	Instantly the light on my side of the room dimmed , throwing the room into pitch black .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as I began to grind up against him .
tr	PRES	All of them belong to groups that are racist or just nasty . "
tr	PRES	I warn you to be honest so your death might be swift .
tr	PRES	Lennox opens a pantry door next to her , and I cross to pick up the broom and dustpan she offers .
tr	PRES	" With His Majesty 's regard . "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head at me , looking like she was truly fascinated by my answer .
tr	PRES	She whispers the word again .
tr	PAST	Leigh flattened her hand over the bulge of his pecs .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Elle .
tr	PAST	Nicole smacked the seat next to her .
tr	PRES	" Because it holds out the possibility of enhancing talent . "
tr	PRES	He stops , grits his teeth , and then a sound like a murmur in a cavern comes out of his mouth .
tr	PRES	And bubble bath . "
tr	PAST	Maybe she just awoke from a nap .
tr	PRES	The words jump out of my mouth the second Mel opens the door .
tr	PRES	It belongs to you , period . "
tr	PAST	It generated its own fly code .
tr	PAST	We slowed down as we finally approached the street in front of my house .
tr	PAST	My hand adjusted its hold on the gun I held by my side as I studied the huddled group surrounding me .
tr	PRES	Rob holds tightly to Chloe and speaks around their embrace .
tr	PAST	" Then quit hitting on me to self-destruct what you 're feeling for Rachel Flores . "
tr	PAST	A large gray shape leaped through the window , passing through the glass .
tr	PRES	" Bye Monarch . "
tr	PRES	Now , I assume a physician has been to visit the countess . "
tr	PAST	" I like your coffee , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" But that brings up another point .
tr	PAST	Pleasure she quickly stifled and he felt its loss .
tr	PAST	Safely in the woods he collapsed and fell asleep .
tr	PRES	The whole stream of insanity bouncing around inside of me almost spills out .
tr	PAST	" You 're thinking , " he accused , one corner of his mouth lifting into a half smile .
tr	PRES	Then you settle into your nightly routine .
tr	PRES	" Great language recall and usage .
tr	PAST	In shock , I froze , then humiliation unfurled over me in a hot sheet of disgrace .
tr	PAST	Colin regarded him carefully and when he spoke his voice was dangerous .
tr	PAST	Be quiet , Simon , she willed .
tr	PAST	He flicked his claw in the air .
tr	PAST	Realizing that cut so deep it matched the pain of Caleb 's loss .
tr	PAST	The warehouse piled high with crates .
tr	PRES	" Those cylinders we saw in Hangar One or Two ? "
tr	PAST	" I didn 't bellow , " Sam denied as his hands slipped around her waist , and then frowned .
tr	PRES	The shock that his ex girlfriend died causes his condition .
tr	PAST	He froze when he saw the people .
tr	PAST	He massaged my toes with his fingers as he pressed his hardness into my sole .
tr	PRES	But she damn well owes us all an apology . "
tr	PRES	Considering calling out to him , he quickly changes his mind , fearful of what else may hear him .
tr	PRES	' He deserves some , though , doesn 't he ?
tr	PAST	Obviously everyone blamed me for this mission to begin with .
tr	PRES	I promise you , I vow on my soul that 's not it . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm a wreck because of you , " Devon mumbled .
tr	PRES	Trevor Mitchell loves you , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He stands and shows it to the Detective .
tr	PAST	Zeus ' wristband beeped and he looked down .
tr	PRES	We clung to each other , a tiny island of serenity amidst the storm that blew around us .
tr	PRES	" You people arrested my father .
tr	PAST	Stetson solved the problem .
tr	PAST	I strapped myself in and logged onto the tracking software on my tablet .
tr	PAST	she uttered , " It must be twelve feet tall . "
tr	PAST	" I 'll kill her , " he announced , just loud enough for all to hear .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around me and I savor the feel of her holding me close , treasuring me .
tr	PAST	" The forum is now in session , " announced a male council member .
tr	PAST	He stole Rachel from me ! "
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked down my body .
tr	PRES	" Happy Friday ladies ! "
tr	PRES	" The barbs are sharp , " I warn her .
tr	PRES	" Then thanks , I guess , " Jace mumbled .
tr	PRES	How long before the fire consumes your humanity ? "
tr	PAST	She hugs her arms around herself as she collapses to the floor on her knees .
tr	PRES	Timothy snaps the photo and says , " Nice one .
tr	PAST	A voice boomed behind the tree .
tr	PAST	And meanwhile , what of the day that awaited her , and the night , and the next night ?
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , the phone intruded .
tr	PRES	When she was walking with that cheat .
tr	PAST	Watson reported that it would have facilitated the act in both aim and the one-handed force required to pass through the unfortunate victim .
tr	PRES	The technician explains that she is going to take some pictures and then she 'll show us the baby .
tr	PAST	I cringed as I realized that he might think I was some sort of gold digger .
tr	PRES	Another migraine she didn 't need .
tr	PRES	Once they were off Fremont Street , the crowd thinned considerably .
tr	PRES	That holds three or four outfits at best , so I need to pick my favorites .
tr	PRES	" We have a baby , " she crowed .
tr	PAST	When he entered , the munchkin eyed the two girls waiting for their orders at the counter , lingering on the backside of the prettier one .
tr	PRES	Fia throws a knife into the apparition before it can show its ugly face .
tr	PAST	Not even bothering to dry her hair after taking her shower , she crawled into bed and was asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow .
tr	PRES	Dark hair falls into his blue eyes and there 's a crooked grin on his lips .
tr	PAST	I limped out of our room and into Nana 's and Papa 's room where I found Meagan just staring into Nana 's closet .
tr	PAST	A career required money , connections , and influence , and I had none of those .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Maris whispered , watching his lips .
tr	PRES	" Did Little Miss Tantra teach you about this , too ? "
tr	PRES	Questions Bjorn heading out from the darkness of the building towards the forest with Kol following in tow .
tr	PAST	They served " rot gut brandy " and " red eye bordeaux . "
tr	PRES	" I await only your demise . "
tr	PRES	Well , that along with all those loud waves , chirping birds , and noisy insects . "
tr	PAST	Kent circled around for the ball , dribbling back inbounds .
tr	PAST	That woman treated dogs like people , which should have warned him to stay away from her in the first place .
tr	PAST	Emma 's body froze in fear and dread .
tr	PRES	" So what gives , Red ?
tr	PRES	He kills the headlights as he slows the car to a stop and everything around us gets taken out by night .
tr	PAST	A soft , southern drawl accented his words .
tr	PRES	Rob 's quizzical look begs for further explanation .
tr	PRES	' Do it , ' Oliver orders .
tr	PRES	" So Inquisition raid ? "
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon ? "
tr	PAST	When he was done , I sensed the patience he was seeking eluded him .
tr	PRES	It points like an arrow away from civilization .
tr	PAST	I sniffed my hand .
tr	PRES	She likes it when I kiss her , she kisses me and on top of that , she 's a seriously kickass girl .
tr	PAST	He treated me like an equal . "
tr	PRES	He freezes as he catches a glimpse of my upset expression , taken off guard by the extremity of my discomfort .
tr	PAST	Jack rolled and took me with him , capturing me on top of him , my head fitting perfectly into the hollow of his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Through the silence a persistent knocking vibrated .
tr	PRES	He grabbed my arm , pul ing me around one of the arcade games .
tr	PRES	Out of ... us . "
tr	PRES	Jez whispers , " Let 's just go in . "
tr	PAST	Secondhand stores provided some luck as well , particularly for things like sweaters .
tr	PAST	I sniffed it and immediately made a face .
tr	PRES	" What about Benny ? "
tr	PAST	I collapsed against his heaving chest , paralyzed with happiness .
tr	PRES	" It will cling to your hand , so that you will not drop it , Partner Elijah .
tr	PRES	That brings me to another point , and this one 's for you , Slugs .
tr	PAST	All three of them jolted as the mysterious voice spoke .
tr	PRES	The road stretches to a line .
tr	PRES	Sometimes he just holds on too tight .
tr	PRES	The feeling of his pale white , cool and huge palm comforts me instantly and I finally allow my battered muscles to relax .
tr	PAST	he enquired instead " only it was taken from my desk this morning before I had a chance to open it . "
tr	PAST	I negotiated a deal with Russell , since I didn 't want to be looking over my shoulder for the rest of my existence .
tr	PRES	" Mother , " Emma whispered harshly , " shame on you .
tr	PRES	" They teased me and said it 's a bunch of hooey . "
tr	PAST	Everyone froze , staring at the baby .
tr	PRES	Then draws tighter as they move in on their prey .
tr	PRES	He wove the fingers of both hands into my hair and held me firmly as he kissed me .
tr	PRES	Oppression helps create a stronger longing for all that is good in life .
tr	PRES	She offers us cool , clear water to drink , and naught else .
tr	PAST	She donned her boy shorts and long-sleeve Henley before returning to her room .
tr	PRES	And he hears everything . "
tr	PAST	Clary slowed down just enough to retrieve her stele and slash the glamour rune back onto her arm ; it hurt , but she welcomed the sting .
tr	PAST	" Completely certifiable , " Deuce provided without looking at either of them as he examined a bowl full of peanuts on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	Madison feared she was slurring her words .
tr	PAST	Garen crawled that way .
tr	PAST	I unfolded , willing myself into a visible form .
tr	PRES	" Ride me , Paige . "
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " Della lied and opened her eyes .
tr	PAST	She donned a soft linen dress that once belonged to her mother .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Voss again faltered .
tr	PRES	" I like his friend , he likes my friend - " " Marlon cant stand me , " Alice answered , and Pandora smirked .
tr	PRES	The city rises like a beacon in the distance .
tr	PAST	She panicked for a split second then released a sigh as he placed that arm along her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Kowalski hollered , drawing his attention away from the currents to the skies above .
tr	PAST	" Can I ... " Cheers erupt from somewhere as the runners approach .
tr	PAST	Light shattered the darkness and woke Jackson from a deep sleep .
tr	PAST	The nurse hooked Julia up to the fetal monitor and said that everything sounded great .
tr	PRES	" Very fucking funny , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	I relax a little .
tr	PRES	Asa pins my arms to my side , locking me in his grip as he holds my body against his , immobilizing me .
tr	PAST	Jorge slapped the table and stood up .
tr	PAST	I squinted at the clock , grimacing when I saw that it was an hour earlier than I usually got up .
tr	PRES	Then he stands , one paw up on his victim 's dead body , and howls .
tr	PRES	" Aside from the fact face paint isn 't something I keep under my bed , " Lila comments .
tr	PAST	I emerged from the car and began to approach the house .
tr	PAST	Our skin glowed as if we 'd swallowed the moon , and it was shining out of every inch of our skin .
tr	PRES	The hem stops at her waist , the sleeves above her wrists .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around me .
tr	PRES	Ho , heave , ho , hoist up the jolly flag .
tr	PRES	He stands up , eyes wide .
tr	PAST	Time slowed and then sped up .
tr	PAST	Lois just quit today . "
tr	PRES	The red-haired girl , squatting in front of her , reaches out to help her up , but Rachel smacks her hands away .
tr	PRES	" This is it , Big Guy , " Warrior states with excitement using the private dragon channel .
tr	PRES	" Only one assassin at a time .
tr	PRES	The butt of a cigar teeters dangerously as his sharp featured muzzle opens .
tr	PRES	" A half marathon . "
tr	PAST	He propped himself up beside her .
tr	PRES	" It helps if you take your clothes off first . "
tr	PRES	Because this is where you feel like you belong .
tr	PAST	A haunted look shadowed her features .
tr	PRES	" More , " I mumbled against his mouth , then bit his lip .
tr	PRES	The creature lets out a long whimper and then releases me from its jaws .
tr	PAST	He tugged the trailing ends free and parted the edges , revealing the rippling power of his abdomen and the hard , pulsing length of his cock .
tr	PAST	Part of the illusion Neil blamed on his black hair , which he 'd gelled up in short spikes around his skull .
tr	PAST	JJ and Carter just ditched us .
tr	PAST	A few weeks later , your parents received an anonymous donation , enough to help them get their store up and running again . "
tr	PRES	Life suddenly mattered again . "
tr	PRES	Most likely Fitch , simply because he had more money and more cunning .
tr	PAST	Got off the plane and went straight to rehab .
tr	PAST	At his call , we dove in for the next round .
tr	PAST	But back to the more pressing questions for the moment , something that seemed all the more urgent with his hands curved to her bottom .
tr	PAST	Fragments of memory painted pictures of a life of desperation and despair .
tr	PRES	Ellis turns to face me , he 's shirtless , and wears the face of an ox .
tr	PAST	I tugged on the leash and Snowball moved beside me towards her .
tr	PAST	I jabbed my finger at the group of men because my brain had gone fuzzy and words were failing me .
tr	PRES	" Mmmmm , " Evie yawns , and there she is , sitting on our floor .
tr	PAST	I know , " he exclaimed , now on a roll .
tr	PAST	He attempted eagerness , but wasn 't fooling anyone .
tr	PRES	That way he 'll look pretty silly , eh ? '
tr	PAST	We recorded about twenty tapes ; you might like to listen to some .
tr	PRES	" But either way our town loses . "
tr	PRES	I 'll do better this time , I vow silently .
tr	PRES	In the third stage the person suffers paralysis and is bedridden .
tr	PAST	" Okay boys , " he announced , " twenty minute break .
tr	PRES	" Will you run out to the kitchen and get my cell phone , sweetie ?
tr	PRES	Who throws toga parties anymore ? "
tr	PRES	That 's okay , " Francesca exhales nervously .
tr	PRES	After a short drive , we arrive at a small place .
tr	PRES	" Car Five on Main . "
tr	PRES	The MC stands on a wooden platform in the dirt .
tr	PAST	It should have screeched under his nervous hands .
tr	PAST	Kyle defended me , and well , you know the rest . "
tr	PRES	Finney touches his hat and is gone as well .
tr	PRES	A pair of tall silver stands with candles burning in them flanked the bed , and another pair stood on either side of the fireplace .
tr	PAST	There arose the stamping of boots towards the watchful two .
tr	PAST	Claire attempted to explain for him .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	" I don 't miss her , either , " she lied .
tr	PRES	Dallas exhales , finally coming over to help .
tr	PAST	I trusted you with information , and you decided to take it to Darius ?
tr	PAST	An ABC which he still clutched in his hand .
tr	PAST	" Oh ... shit , " she rasped .
tr	PRES	" You wraiths must sneak up on each other a lot . "
tr	PRES	He mistook this as attempted murder .
tr	PRES	One eyebrow arches way up to her forehead .
tr	PAST	" Inquisitive woman , I cost a fortune .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his knapsack and started off through the trees .
tr	PAST	They feared the magic and the one who lived there , at the highest point .
tr	PAST	My fingers itched to lift it off his face .
tr	PRES	Thanks for the drink , Cody . "
tr	PRES	" You snuck our money out ? "
tr	PAST	Sure enough , Renaldo motioned his lieutenant -- letting him know that the soldier was coming to investigate .
tr	PRES	That opens up a lot of possibilities . "
tr	PRES	My recommendations involve moving Aquarius to shallow water just off the North American tectonic plate .
tr	PRES	My memory tries to trace his last visit and gives up ; it is at least 5 years since we spoke .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced down her arm as he went after the pellet .
tr	PRES	Logan reaches down and picks me up effortlessly with one arm under both knees , his other supporting my back .
tr	PRES	Taking a deep breath , he buttons my nightgown back up , then presses a kiss to my throat .
tr	PRES	She deserves to sleep for a while . "
tr	PAST	At last his hands reached up to clutch at her arms , his eyes as black as midnight as his fangs fully extended .
tr	PAST	In fact , he preferred she didn 't .
tr	PRES	Which brings me to ... Number two : I can sense things .
tr	PAST	I unfolded it to find Sofie 's beautiful scrawl staring back at me .
tr	PRES	It slides closed behind us and we 're in a new room .
tr	PAST	Sasha doubted he was up to the task of providing the thoughtful advice for which Hemisphere Air shelled out eight hundred dollars an hour .
tr	PAST	But , just as the Ancients had done so many times before , Commander Snelling underestimated the will of those who wished to remain free .
tr	PRES	Happy Valentine 's Day to the best and only Valentine my heart sees .
tr	PAST	He snaked an arm around her waist and pulled her down to the couch .
tr	PAST	Swiftly she withdrew a hypodermic syringe .
tr	PAST	The warm liquid washed through her body , warming her as well .
tr	PAST	Memories of what we had done washed over me and I forgot about waking suddenly , instead just reliving a few of those moments .
tr	PAST	She scrolled through the call log till she reached one number .
tr	PRES	" You 'll take the photographs , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	I shout , pissed off .
tr	PAST	Finn playfully tugged at Anita 's hair to get her attention , " That was an interesting method of getting the seat you wanted . "
tr	PAST	Only a free-flowing happiness that reflected her own feelings exactly .
tr	PRES	" I can do more than just distract , " he teased .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out my way ? "
tr	PRES	She storms out , clutching her stomach .
tr	PRES	" That she is , " he mumbled and then lifted his chin to Sonia .
tr	PRES	" He just ... loves war .
tr	PRES	I lean against the door frame and wait .
tr	PRES	Says it ages her .
tr	PAST	Beast himself has already fetched his maps and is rolling them out in order to discuss tactics and strategies with his commanders .
tr	PRES	No one sees you enter .
tr	PRES	Whatever organic material they are made from begins quickly melting once they die .
tr	PRES	" It tastes good . "
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , as his chair legs hit the dirt with a thud .
tr	PAST	She presses her lips together and sighs .
tr	PRES	Seconds ticked past , each of them looking at the other as if for the first time .
tr	PAST	Then Alex squinted and wiped the back of his glove across his brow as he shook his head .
tr	PAST	She received a sympathetic smile from Joe .
tr	PRES	She lets out a quiet moan as my hand slides up her back and to her neck .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and raked his hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	The tracks split in four directions .
tr	PRES	He pinches the soft skin on the inside of my elbow , sending a sharp zip of pain down my arm .
tr	PRES	She holds up a hand .
tr	PRES	She holds them up .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked though his worn shirt and shorts .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't just a little slap either , and he rocked back in his saddle , his eyes slightly glazed .
tr	PRES	I 'll tell you the next time I practice with Noah , " Van offers .
tr	PAST	The corridors circled deeper into the heart of the castle .
tr	PAST	I cocked an eyebrow but didn 't respond .
tr	PAST	His frown had deepened .
tr	PAST	Aboriginal elders interviewed by the author referred to these events as being from " white man time " .
tr	PAST	It stabilized as soon as my shoe touched it .
tr	PAST	Chuck and Violet meandered out of the dining room and back to the front door .
tr	PRES	Mike points at the field , probably describing how crappy Lynchburg 's field is , pointing out al the divots in the ground .
tr	PRES	Aunt Bev hugs him the moment he steps up , jangling his keys in his hand .
tr	PAST	After one more long pull at my wrist , he withdrew his fangs .
tr	PAST	The dog 's tail fanned the air , and it danced a step forward and then back .
tr	PRES	What if this thing opens when I 'm naked ? "
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , the clip automatically froze showing the moment Simon shot Boris with the sedative dart .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " she lied .
tr	PAST	As suspected , she feared limb loss .
tr	PAST	Will looks defeated , his eyes focusing anywhere but on me .
tr	PAST	Her beautiful blond hair is fanned out around her head .
tr	PAST	I almost blamed him for following me .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of the deserter .
tr	PAST	Hell hath no fury like a mother worried .
tr	PAST	" Kenzie ... " A shout boomed from behind me , and something grabbed my arms .
tr	PAST	Will tugged at the window curtain .
tr	PAST	When he 'd invaded her turf .
tr	PRES	Matt talks about you a lot . "
tr	PRES	The car crawls a few feet farther and draws to a stop underneath a bridge .
tr	PRES	He holds out a brush .
tr	PAST	Reed 's jaw tensed , then , " He has been promoted to archangel . "
tr	PRES	His mouth curves into a grin , but he doesn 't answer in words .
tr	PAST	She flattened her palms on his bare chest and slid her fingers up to close around his shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Oh God , " he whispers , " you are so beautiful , Liz , so beautiful .
tr	PRES	I lean up and kiss Gavin .
tr	PAST	" We do need a bigger jail , " Jack concurred .
tr	PRES	I lean my head into his chest again and hug him tighter .
tr	PAST	The victorious Royalists , now in mourning , negotiated the return of the Earl 's body and sent him home for burial .
tr	PRES	Get on board you idiot .
tr	PRES	While he 's gone , Grant whispers .
tr	PRES	Only one argument remains . "
tr	PAST	" They topped that one up after bringing her in , but something went queer .
tr	PAST	He glowed in calm .
tr	PRES	She hears his clothes fall to the soil beneath them .
tr	PAST	His hand froze midway with the pesto .
tr	PRES	" For the swim team ? "
tr	PAST	Just quit neglecting everyone else around you . "
tr	PAST	Lennox stares at me with his brows together .
tr	PRES	But a voice whispers in my head , telling me maybe she 's right .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think I can sleep anymore tonight , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Henry buzzes up that our pizza is here .
tr	PAST	Her fingertips in his hair , her thumb glided along his brow then down over this cheekbone then down again along his bottom lip .
tr	PAST	" I attempted to .
tr	PRES	He pushes to his feet , subjecting me to a lingering look .
tr	PRES	While a typical child has tantrums , he would have fits lasting hours .
tr	PAST	His phone vibrated again with the same message .
tr	PRES	My big strong husband wears one that matches . "
tr	PAST	Jeff flung himself down onto the closest couch and grinned up at her .
tr	PRES	I sputter a laugh .
tr	PAST	" Jared trusted Daemon Sadi .
tr	PRES	Forcing myself to act , I relax my trembling arms away from my chest .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through the small Hello Kitty purse she 'd brought and pulled it out .
tr	PAST	At that some surprised and hopeful eyes flicked up to hers for a moment .
tr	PAST	When dad 's car disappeared behind a cloud of road dust , I stomped back into the camp and sulked .
tr	PRES	He cups my chin and brings his face closer to mine .
tr	PAST	As I reached out for the flower , the hedge rustled .
tr	PRES	James tries to discern any hidden meaning in my words , but there is none .
tr	PAST	Hugh jerked , the knife grazing his leg in a fiery swipe .
tr	PAST	Tula tensed , suddenly defensive .
tr	PRES	Deer roam in great abundance .
tr	PAST	Before the words barely left his month , Delilah slapped him .
tr	PAST	They exited the land from where they had entered , crossing the Black River with its dark silty waters .
tr	PRES	It points towards the wall .
tr	PAST	Ronan feared that no matter how much she let him kiss her , touch her , it never would be .
tr	PAST	" Good , " he simply stated .
tr	PAST	She pinched her eyes together , fighting the emotions that threatened to burst from her in a flood of tears .
tr	PAST	The thin paper rustled faintly as Timberlake folded back a page , scribbled something on a clean surface .
tr	PAST	Stars twinkled in the sky ; they were bright hopeful lights against a curtain of black night .
tr	PAST	Fog meandered in from the sea at a snail 's pace .
tr	PRES	He laughed , a sweet little rumble against my cheek .
tr	PAST	" This is not the school 's responsibility , " Mr. Phelps stated again .
tr	PRES	Asking no questions , he helps me to my feet .
tr	PAST	They marveled at the cleanliness of the market and how friendly everyone was .
tr	PRES	You , " pointing to the feathered guard , " patrol the front entrance .
tr	PAST	Then she uttered the words I had been praying she wouldn 't say .
tr	PAST	" You are feeling remarkably smug , " she accused .
tr	PAST	I doubted he was passing along your share of the profits .
tr	PAST	This slowed the contraption more perceptibly .
tr	PRES	" No golf . "
tr	PAST	" We do not share a close relationship , " he disclosed .
tr	PRES	I 've been doing a lot for YOU , " he corrects her sternly , then smiles .
tr	PAST	Eleanor froze , her hand dropping from the collar .
tr	PAST	Rounding the table , she exited out to the hallway and moved toward the visitors ' foyer .
tr	PAST	I flapped my wings and rose to Michael 's level .
tr	PAST	I entertained the thought that perhaps I was indeed better off under his mercy than Lucas ' .
tr	PRES	She frowns , and wraps her arms around her middle to fend off the cold .
tr	PAST	They matched the panic exploding inside her .
tr	PAST	They wrung my hand and acted as though they were delighted to meet me .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed as she pressed it in .
tr	PAST	Emily scampered after her sister and grabbed her arm .
tr	PRES	Ms. Suarez elbows Ms. Myrtle in the ribs .
tr	PRES	She releases me with a huge smile and I turn to Clark , who sits at the table eating his lunch .
tr	PAST	He treated her to a cocky smile that would have had her blind with anger had she not caught the uncertainty in his eyes .
tr	PAST	And had not Perseus defended his mother from unwanted suitors when he was barely an adult at all ?
tr	PRES	" He concocted a lethal biological agent which he then mixed with a tube of toothpaste which he intended to slip into Lumumba 's personal baggage . "
tr	PAST	Brenna rose , her hands fisted on her hips .
tr	PAST	The men hollered and shouted , bouncing off one another as they gathered their packs and did up their boots and coats in preparation .
tr	PRES	What brings you by this morning ? "
tr	PRES	And the body language !
tr	PRES	By the time Daniel reaches the last page , Bobby is asleep , tucked in close to his father .
tr	PAST	The snake coiled itself around the Hellion , squeezing until the Hellion arched its back and roared .
tr	PRES	She clutched at the fabric , weaving her fingers in the folds , her eyes shimmering with remembrance .
tr	PRES	I shone the light in the direction of the noise but only saw deepening darkness .
tr	PAST	The sharp thumbnails pricked his throat .
tr	PAST	An owl hooted , and Rema jumped .
tr	PRES	" It stands for ' vilification . ' "
tr	PAST	He rotated his hips and my breathing sped up , needy pants a staccato in the silence .
tr	PRES	" He describes here , for instance , a procedure that he developed : litigating the temporal artery to prevent migraines . "
tr	PAST	In punishment he tugged her hair .
tr	PAST	Aria cocked her head as she turned to look at her brother .
tr	PRES	" Get off me , you douche - " " Shhhh , " Brodie said in a whisper .
tr	PAST	She was shockingly beautiful , even in a sweatshirt and faded jeans , her braid trailing down her back with wisps of hair framing her face .
tr	PAST	Jessie catapulted onto the road .
tr	PRES	Danny throws down the bag of provisions .
tr	PAST	Butterflies tickled her stomach and her throat went dry .
tr	PAST	He crawled and crawled and started to worry this was a trap .
tr	PAST	Maddie stowed her precious gift on the floor and hugged her back .
tr	PAST	I giggled and looked up at him , happy that he was serenading me .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we do , Highness .
tr	PAST	I squealed , punching his arm .
tr	PRES	" So perceptive of you to notice . "
tr	PAST	Miranda squinted with her thickly caked lashes .
tr	PRES	The next thing I knew we were climbing a ledge behind the falls . "
tr	PAST	The tires squealed as he roared down the street , leaving a cloud of black smoke in his wake .
tr	PRES	Serena remembers what Liam told her .
tr	PAST	Fred stares at me for a second longer .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " Shelton whispers back .
tr	PAST	Riordan doubted it , but he didn 't have time to think so he simply didn 't answer , pulling his mind from hers .
tr	PAST	He stiffened but didn 't back away .
tr	PRES	The Regulator points down the hallway .
tr	PAST	David restrained Lidia without hurting her .
tr	PAST	Bob shrieked into his face .
tr	PAST	" Or maybe not , " Drew stated , staring at the other man .
tr	PRES	" New and old Guards ? "
tr	PRES	" Did Snow ban you from the Games ? "
tr	PRES	He hates the fact that I 've remarried .
tr	PAST	A wave of weariness suddenly washed over me .
tr	PRES	My vision clears and I see an empty tripod in front of me .
tr	PRES	All right , " I said , slapping Ethan on the butt .
tr	PRES	But don 't take it out on anyone else here , ok ? "
tr	PAST	" Got any biscuits ?
tr	PAST	I weaved my way through the parked cars and slow moving traffic of London and pushed on towards our goal .
tr	PAST	" Maybe you should have thought about that before sticking your teeth in my neck , " I smacked his chest .
tr	PAST	The movement of his lips tickled the shell of her ear .
tr	PAST	I perch on the edge , clinging to my purse like a lifeline .
tr	PRES	He touches my elbow .
tr	PRES	But I warn you , not too big a thrill .
tr	PRES	Kenji snaps his fingers in front of my face .
tr	PRES	Just don 't let em feed you to that daddy of theirs , and you 'll be okay .
tr	PAST	Virginia delegates at the meetings described the effort that their state had made in keeping the chaos restricted to the north bank of the Potomac River .
tr	PRES	It approaches rolling on the grass .
tr	PAST	As he got closer he distinguished the lumps as people .
tr	PAST	Faint but fleeting recognition triggered something in Mike 's head but he moved on discarding the thought .
tr	PRES	Fuck , fuck , fuck !
tr	PRES	Outside Chad paused for moment , his face deadly serious .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six I woke up Friday ready to face the day .
tr	PAST	I cringed into myself a little .
tr	PAST	Whirling around , she stomped down the hall to the bedroom , where she threw on some clothing .
tr	PAST	He 's 55 and looks his age , " the sergeant joked .
tr	PRES	He collects as many pieces as he can hold while the thread continues to flow below him , still gaining speed .
tr	PRES	" You ok , Little Sis ? "
tr	PRES	" But the fact remains that the back of his head is bleeding and that isn 't to be taken lightly . "
tr	PAST	" It 's okay , " she reassured him .
tr	PAST	" I certainly did , " he exclaimed , sitting next to her and diving into his own plate .
tr	PAST	She cringed , turning away from him , knowing she 'd get hit .
tr	PAST	Another guard emerged from the small maintenance and parts room .
tr	PAST	" You 're a dangerous man , Sam , " she accused .
tr	PAST	He announced that this murder could be part of a string of unresolved murders .
tr	PRES	And the Old Wood .
tr	PRES	Captain Drake draws his pistol and releases the safety .
tr	PAST	She hooked her arms under his front legs and started to shuffle drag him toward the road .
tr	PRES	" And then my medallion . "
tr	PAST	Then , as if on cue , my stomach rumbled .
tr	PAST	Somehow I doubted that .
tr	PRES	" Ale it shall be , then , " she crowed happily .
tr	PAST	Her heart leaped in her chest .
tr	PRES	But then he snaps his fingers , and points at me .
tr	PAST	" We never scored again after you left .
tr	PRES	He flips his visor to talk to me .
tr	PAST	I hopped in and descended to the ground floor .
tr	PAST	I eyed some students to see if they heard her , but there were no signs of it .
tr	PRES	He dumps the envelope upside down and a circular disc inside a clear plastic case slides onto the counter .
tr	PAST	Fire trucks circled the plane as crew members raced down the steps out of the craft .
tr	PAST	The storm raged in the sea , the giant wave engulfed the overloaded boat .
tr	PAST	' And helping Thomas with the payroll problems to boot , ' Grey reflected .
tr	PRES	I dreaded coming here with him .
tr	PAST	They saluted sharply and then hurried off into the depths of the ship .
tr	PAST	Scott relayed the information then let Sidney fill in the rest .
tr	PAST	He accompanied his mother and a serious suitcase to Heathrow Airport , and waved her good-bye at the international departures gate .
tr	PAST	Errand trudged up the hill through the frozen snow , pulling his sled behind him .
tr	PRES	Pointing to the Queen Anne 's Revenge , Black Beard patiently explains , " It looks something like this .
tr	PRES	" Watch it , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" His sister tagged along that night .
tr	PAST	She preferred to keep clients and family separate .
tr	PAST	Now here 's the twist : what if Milford trashed her own house to get the books and to make it look like she was victimized ?
tr	PAST	Again the house exploded into shouts of anger and support .
tr	PRES	She always refuses and I always show them the paperwork that protects her land from being purchased while she 's alive . "
tr	PRES	I blurt out , jumping off the stool , grabbing the doll , and heading for the back without waiting for his answer .
tr	PAST	He pinched my cheeks .
tr	PRES	' To the School .
tr	PRES	" On the Lower East Side .
tr	PAST	Caleb propped the phone against his shoulder , got out of bed and yanked on his jeans .
tr	PAST	Pulling out his daggers Viper tensed for the attack .
tr	PAST	John protected and watched over her . "
tr	PRES	" Nothing strenuous for the next four days . "
tr	PRES	" Lost means I know where I 'm going , " I snap .
tr	PAST	Colton smacked his lips .
tr	PRES	Jon comments , " Why are you smiling ?
tr	PRES	" I disagree with everything you stand for , pirate .
tr	PRES	" But what about the Russian intentions ?
tr	PRES	" Did you detect any animosity between Cain and his ex-wife in either of those meetings ? "
tr	PAST	She hopped out , and then turned to help her daughter down .
tr	PAST	" It doesn 't compare to you , my love , " Ares announced , bowing low as he swept up her hand and kissed it .
tr	PAST	All were wrecked before they reached the midpoint of the Strait .
tr	PRES	" With Charity More , reason rarely enters into the equation . "
tr	PAST	The thought lanced through him .
tr	PAST	She stifled a giggle .
tr	PRES	" Later , Ma . "
tr	PAST	She restrained herself from gritting her teeth and growling .
tr	PRES	He probably hates me as much as I hate him , especially because I left town without a word .
tr	PAST	A scar zigzagged down his left cheek to the edge of his jaw .
tr	PAST	" Not really , " Kylie whispered to Derek , slightly bothered by how close he leaned into her , brushing her shoulder with his .
tr	PRES	With a buzz and a hiss a large wide screen above their heads , flashes to life .
tr	PAST	The sun , almost directly overhead now , reflected off the sand and made them both squint a little as they strolled along .
tr	PAST	He downed the cup with several large gulps .
tr	PRES	" Michael Cooper . "
tr	PRES	She uses her new strength against me .
tr	PAST	The notion disconcerted him .
tr	PAST	I stowed my bag and turned the computer on .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes , unsure what he was saying .
tr	PAST	Something bounced off my window .
tr	PRES	Reeve glares at him , and then catches himself .
tr	PAST	" But Max claimed you first . "
tr	PAST	He twirled a strand of hair around his finger , the light tug against her scalp curiously arousing .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're Mary ? "
tr	PRES	" Or maybe they 're just the unreliable musings of a former drunk , " Max states glumly .
tr	PAST	She claimed to love him though , so he 'd allowed the wedding to proceed .
tr	PAST	Of course they were there , she chided herself for being startled .
tr	PAST	Loki gently tugged on my hand .
tr	PAST	' And things she brought back with her -- clinging , creeping things of foul blackness , that stole the bodies of women and beasts .
tr	PRES	He returns within a few minutes with his ledger .
tr	PRES	" You 're making this very hard for me , Angel , " he teased .
tr	PAST	I lingered a minute , still gazing out across the seemingly endless rows of corn .
tr	PAST	She then shrieked , " Jo 's an immortal too ? "
tr	PAST	Then an adult appeared , his hand outstretched , and reassurance displacing concern .
tr	PRES	She wears a Purple Dusk Jewel .
tr	PRES	From the entrance walkway he gazes down upon a sea of tables crowded with about a thousand students and a few faculty .
tr	PRES	He releases my hand and strolls to the front of me , deliberately skimming me from head to toe .
tr	PAST	The sky above us split .
tr	PRES	Serena presses her lips together .
tr	PRES	" You 're going to be just as beautiful as your mother , " he whispers to my bump .
tr	PRES	In front of us lies a long hallway , poorly lit by buzzing overhead lights , casting shadows on the few doors that lie along the way .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us for far too long .
tr	PRES	He sees all . "
tr	PAST	I screwed my eyes shut , even as everything within me ached to kill her .
tr	PRES	Each of us brings our own gifts to the mix .
tr	PRES	" Now you just swing your feet over , there you go , and sit with your legs over the side and rest awhile . "
tr	PRES	" It 's true , sis .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to the door , and for a moment I thought he would walk away , leaving me to shrivel into a mortified heap .
tr	PAST	She exhaled long and hard .
tr	PAST	Then he motioned with his right hand , and two wolves leapt toward her .
tr	PAST	Then I phoned Jo and jumped in the car to pick her and Erin up .
tr	PRES	He likes to hurt me , but if I make a sound , he punishes me more .
tr	PRES	Sean presses his lips together .
tr	PRES	Thank you , " Katherine beamed .
tr	PAST	I stiffened and stayed still , refusing to turn around .
tr	PAST	" Oh , help me , please , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	' Go to the Town Hall , ya git ! '
tr	PRES	What if Amy sees us ? "
tr	PRES	But none of those hint at Christ writing His own book . "
tr	PAST	" I have to go , Ryland .
tr	PAST	Edwin cowered , his eyes downcast , afraid to even look at his boss .
tr	PAST	The odor lingered in the back of my throat .
tr	PRES	I clap , duly impressed .
tr	PRES	" Obviously , imbecile .
tr	PRES	" Well , you now know why she is called the ' Island Warrior , " ' Jaimie states as she looks in her direction .
tr	PRES	" Those and The Jersey Shore . "
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a bright light shone in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Still , heat exploded in Jamison 's cheeks as she realized what an idiot she 'd been .
tr	PRES	" And your reaction to his derogatory comments ? "
tr	PRES	Dagger sighs , exasperated .
tr	PRES	He begins to lead Maria away from the window , and for a moment I don 't understand why .
tr	PAST	Slowly , reluctantly dragging his mouth from hers , he created a small distance between them .
tr	PRES	How the dark clouds rumble and groan . .
tr	PRES	" Whoa , hey guys , settle down .
tr	PAST	A grandfather clock ticked , their footsteps muffled by the light patterned Oriental rugs .
tr	PRES	This book belongs to Wayne Shepherd .
tr	PRES	My father glares at everyone except me and Izzy .
tr	PRES	Another large group walked in , probably stragglers from the fight .
tr	PAST	Who notified them there 's a PR problem here ? "
tr	PRES	" Maybe his brother won 't be so difficult , " I add .
tr	PAST	" All right then , screw it .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat for reasons unknown , and I grabbed hold of his hand .
tr	PRES	And he loves you .
tr	PAST	A nation ruled by magic where experimentation and enchantment were nurtured and encouraged .
tr	PAST	The Moose Club destroyed his finances since he closed it 15 years ago .
tr	PAST	Power circled her throat .
tr	PAST	And so they shopped with reckless abandon as they celebrated mankind 's final victory over the " Aliens " .
tr	PRES	Four wall lamps shone without colored glass , and they reflected light off the gilded portal .
tr	PRES	" I want to see the manager , " Bill hauled out his ID .
tr	PRES	She opens the door , marches across the threshold , and snakes through the packed crowd .
tr	PRES	Mom bursts into tears when I give them a hug .
tr	PAST	Brand reflected briefly on his friend and prayed he would honor his memory .
tr	PAST	A dark figure leaped atop McKay and lunged at his throat .
tr	PAST	I visited her whenever I could ... but she died six months after being committed .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " Eight snaps over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	In her mind 's eye she sees the family on the road , at the start , headed away from the drought and toward their new life .
tr	PAST	Corinne circled his head with her slender arms and met his mouth with a hunger of her own .
tr	PAST	She mentally slapped her own wrist for taking her frustration out on a patient .
tr	PAST	He willed Misty to look at him even though he could not yet afford to look at her .
tr	PAST	But she related something odd , something that was noted by the other physicist who survived .
tr	PRES	" We 're hungry , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	He holds one up .
tr	PRES	Even after the pounding stopped I barely slept , my eyes constantly drifting back to Ever 's empty bed .
tr	PAST	Maybe he 's right , her guilty conscience chimed in .
tr	PAST	Sebastian and Darcy eyed each other again .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... " He mumbled .
tr	PRES	I punch and scream and punch and scream and something gives .
tr	PRES	He stands up and folds his hands together in front of him .
tr	PAST	" You never told us , " Pigeon accused .
tr	PRES	" Are these children ... well , um , who are their fathers ? "
tr	PAST	" How unfortunate , " my mother announced .
tr	PAST	The engine rumbled and died .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the sheet and read aloud .
tr	PRES	I lean down , fumbling as I shove the sticks of dark gray graphite back into the box .
tr	PRES	The grass was crisp underfoot , the night air damp and briny in her nose .
tr	PRES	" Cocky fuck that one . "
tr	PRES	The textbook slams into the wall opposite me with a loud thud and a crack , its spine snapping .
tr	PRES	He holds his arms out and backs away .
tr	PRES	" That explains it .
tr	PRES	He was momentarily taken aback , his dark eyes blinking up at her .
tr	PAST	" Every sketch you had drawn of that place proved to be incredibly accurate .
tr	PAST	I had sensed this cold chill air whenever Katarina was close within my range .
tr	PRES	" Hunter , please don 't hurt him , " Corinne begged , a further confirmation that Mira 's precognition could not be thwarted .
tr	PRES	My brother hath the Orb in his possession , and with its power can he do great mischief .
tr	PAST	His hands sought the zipper of her gown .
tr	PAST	" Oh , how sad , " crooned a voice in my head .
tr	PAST	I unbuttoned his shirt and slid it down his arms , leaving only his tee shirt between my fingers and his shoulders .
tr	PAST	" Only one other woman visited the house . "
tr	PRES	I nodded , tel ing him to do whatever he was trying to do .
tr	PAST	" Home , " Cassie lied .
tr	PAST	Please don 't see me , please don 't see me , she willed .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and look inside the box .
tr	PRES	Meeting other people who lost their parents always strikes a chord deep within me .
tr	PAST	Arik countered with his own argument .
tr	PAST	" We got no secrets , " Dee scoffed .
tr	PRES	Aaron asked in his bear rumble .
tr	PRES	He stops talking and if I listen really closely I can hear the scratching of a pencil across paper .
tr	PAST	As time passed , the tribe eventually split into smaller tribes and settled in other nearby areas as explorers began to encroach upon their territory .
tr	PRES	My thoughts race too fast to hold on to .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " he mutters , his face falling .
tr	PRES	But with HIV , any attempts to purify it and then photograph it using standard techniques have been total failures . "
tr	PAST	Not when Kevin had gone behind her back and nearly cost her her job .
tr	PRES	Gradually the panic eases and I pull my knees up against my chest , hugging my legs close and leaning my head against them .
tr	PRES	Three very sophisticated paper-thin monitors in a row .
tr	PAST	Lupo giggled and said , " The soldiers ?
tr	PAST	Tossing the washcloth carelessly to the rug , he crawled over her with potent grace .
tr	PRES	I bob my head up and down .
tr	PRES	The golden gauntlet releases the single horn still attached to the goblin ruler leaving him where he lies while the hero steps over to his companion .
tr	PRES	" It states here she spoke directly to the chef of Mia Casa .
tr	PRES	Logan rattles me in the air before knocking my head against the coffee table like cracking a walnut .
tr	PAST	She slowed her pace and as Martin and Terah approached , Terah stepped around her , leaving the two of them to their own devices .
tr	PRES	But I powered through . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe a cashmere sweater ?
tr	PRES	My Mama carries a tray of milk and pie .
tr	PAST	" Someone named Cody , in room 53 .
tr	PAST	Leaning to one side , she freed one hand and did as he asked .
tr	PRES	He points to the ICD beneath his shirt as justification .
tr	PRES	" I compelled her to kill herself .
tr	PRES	She refuses to push anyone unless they are committing a great wrong .
tr	PAST	Warm breath tickled her ear and Joni shivered with sensations that were everything but godly .
tr	PAST	As I fell off into sleep , the usual thoughts of my mother and my family engulfed me , like a warm blanket .
tr	PRES	" It stands above all of us .
tr	PAST	She stripped down to our underwear and climbed into bed .
tr	PAST	Albert slowed his pace to a casual stroll , took a few deep breaths , and finished walking the distance .
tr	PRES	The swirling colors project onto the floor and wash the room in dazzling and beautiful lights .
tr	PAST	She jabbed the creature just below its row of teeth , the blade sinking into its mass with a wet , ugly sound .
tr	PAST	Laura leaped for the coffee pot .
tr	PAST	Goat 's hands glowed yellow .
tr	PAST	I described what I 'd put in it .
tr	PRES	A car enters the parking lot .
tr	PRES	Alec holds his hand out to Connor .
tr	PAST	She clutched her belly and bent over .
tr	PRES	" Means ' terse ' . "
tr	PRES	" Martha Vernon , Holly Jarrett , Timothy Sparks , David Prentice - " " And their families .
tr	PAST	Confusion replaced her despair . "
tr	PAST	He then hooked the piece onto his belt as her head rested on his shoulder .
tr	PAST	At once the dark green leaves enfolded them , swallowed them , a haven of rich , lush vegetation .
tr	PRES	Vampires hated demons , but they didn 't fear them .
tr	PAST	Sali slapped his car keys on the table .
tr	PAST	A black gas swirled up about me and shrouded me in smothering gloom .
tr	PRES	The sun shone , but the air held the chill of the coming winter .
tr	PAST	I strengthened it -- ' ' You destroyed it ! '
tr	PAST	I swiped at my damp cheeks .
tr	PRES	Sweat drips from my pores .
tr	PAST	She flung herself against me with enough force to knock me back a good foot .
tr	PAST	' Fine , ' I lied , not wanting to hurt him any more .
tr	PRES	He blushes and runs away .
tr	PRES	" Like a Shadowhunter traveling cloak . "
tr	PAST	Then I shuffled along it until I reached the door .
tr	PAST	His stomach rumbled and he hoped he wasn 't too late for the midday meal .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	Pain and anger reflected in his toothy smile .
tr	PRES	Knee length dark blue denim pencil skirt .
tr	PRES	, " she sniffs then sobs with more tears of sadness .
tr	PRES	A portion of the city lies in the shallows just under our hull .
tr	PRES	Lillian paused , her fork in midair .
tr	PAST	The act required an arduous journey .
tr	PAST	Ben stripped off his coat and put it round her shoulders as they walked towards the car .
tr	PRES	Instead , Serena hears hollow popping , a rustle over the dead leaves on the ground , and then a groan .
tr	PAST	He froze , and everything stopped when his hands met bare skin instead of panties .
tr	PAST	She padded to the door and opened it wide , only to find a process server waiting for her on the other side .
tr	PRES	A shot of energy from his nostrils opens a small portal ahead of him that he clears in mere seconds .
tr	PAST	" You don 't love me , " he scoffed .
tr	PAST	I freeze , wondering if I 've somehow given myself away .
tr	PRES	I laughed , the sound ragged and hoarse through my pain .
tr	PAST	Dan pondered it for a moment but then nodded trying to make sure she was comfortable with him still .
tr	PAST	When he caught my eye , he motioned me over .
tr	PAST	" Easy , " he crooned , thrusting gently , finally spearing home with breathtaking expertise .
tr	PAST	Her gun hand never wavered from the woman 's head .
tr	PAST	She Pulled on one , bringing it into her hand , then Pushed on another , sending it sideways into the wall .
tr	PAST	My phone chimed , and an image of Sara filled my screen .
tr	PAST	We fled to Paris .
tr	PAST	But it served its purpose .
tr	PAST	Shay clutched at him as the building pressure deep inside arched her back .
tr	PAST	The tiny trio of dogs sniffed at Daisy 's ankles .
tr	PAST	An airplane rumbled softly overhead .
tr	PRES	I think you might be feeling a bit like The Hangman now , it tends to occur to people around your age .
tr	PRES	If there are immortals that are evil , then it stands to reason that there are immortals that are good .
tr	PAST	Cold barely described it .
tr	PRES	" Good morning , Miss , what brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Yet with each step away from the table and toward Mike , her mood lightened .
tr	PAST	You bore me already . "
tr	PAST	When they 'd finished their meal , Linda served the pie she 'd baked , which was just about the best thing Sophia had ever tasted .
tr	PRES	" What talents ? "
tr	PRES	" Gene therapy . "
tr	PRES	Malvern frowns at his stopwatch ; not because Mettle was slow , but because she was the opposite .
tr	PRES	Mom never talks about him but she gets real sad sometimes and I think it has something to do with him .
tr	PRES	" Harder " she yelled , her nails digging into my flesh .
tr	PAST	Becky stifled an indignant retort .
tr	PRES	I abandon them when they need me the most . "
tr	PAST	Anger and pain floated away as easily as her bubbles .
tr	PRES	They exist everywhere and nowhere .
tr	PAST	She dared to tell you what to do .
tr	PRES	Zack holds his hands out , " Well I wanted to invite you to the party .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Lincoln .
tr	PRES	Vlad moved next to me , his hand resting on my back .
tr	PRES	I fetch a lukewarm bottle of beer from the restaurant 's cooler and set it on the table .
tr	PRES	He whispers in my ear while we wait for the elevator .
tr	PAST	Letting the magic of this land with its balmy weather and brilliant skies seep through her , she soaked up his information and consideration .
tr	PAST	A hotel sign about a quarter mile down announced their destination .
tr	PRES	She likes to be petted and likes the warm area over my power pack .
tr	PAST	My smile faltered , remembering something the King had said many weeks before .
tr	PAST	Emmie smacked him again , but I caught her blush .
tr	PRES	" I will tell no one , " the boy begged in heavily accented English .
tr	PRES	God , what it cost her to tell him no .
tr	PAST	So he bribed the Big Boss With much pizza sauce , And that 's how his buttocks got stamped . '
tr	PRES	The Ares 3 crew ? "
tr	PAST	Sliding her panties to one side , he caressed her intimately .
tr	PRES	" Who loves Tamsin ? "
tr	PRES	It opens up a lot of colorful possibilities . "
tr	PRES	" Not the best sales pitch you could make . "
tr	PAST	Then she rasped , " I 'll make it clearer still .
tr	PAST	Neither he nor Kelly reprimanded her for her choice of words .
tr	PAST	Then Monique glided into the house , leaving TJ to explode .
tr	PAST	If you could actually see a man blush in moonlit darkness , Alex would have glowed right about then .
tr	PRES	How his mouth had pressed against hers , feeling her tremble .
tr	PRES	He stands up from leaning against the teacher 's desk , steps towards me and lightly cups my shoulders in his hands .
tr	PRES	A small rock fits easily into the leather pouch .
tr	PRES	He embraces me tightly and all my fears evaporate .
tr	PRES	Even though he tries to hide it , she sees .
tr	PRES	" While the people inside pour boiling pitch down on the men trying to break in ? "
tr	PAST	" William ruled England , and much of France .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Martinez ? "
tr	PRES	" I want you to put your hands behind your back , 'cause I 'm gon na undo your feet .
tr	PRES	" I bet you 've missed me , " I retort with a smirk .
tr	PRES	He scoots even closer .
tr	PAST	Her breath exploded out of her lungs and silent tears tracked down her face .
tr	PRES	The Buddha experiences the nine worlds again , but from the enlightened perspective .
tr	PAST	* Forster received the Colony 's challenge to provide credible evidence that Vic Jackson could obtain the briefcase code .
tr	PAST	" Yes , professor , my grandmother collected things having similar markings like what you showed us today .
tr	PRES	Where you belong . "
tr	PRES	She tries holding up her hands , warding off the sound , to no effect .
tr	PAST	She clutched his shoulders hard as the unexpected penetration rendered her speechless .
tr	PRES	" She doesn 't want us to disturb the sanctity of your bedroom , " Georgie teased .
tr	PRES	Their icy and glittering peaks shone in the sunlight over the clouds .
tr	PRES	Leading us into the front foyer , Ivy reaches over the desk to grab a sheet .
tr	PAST	" Just don 't let Dad find out , " he advised in a near whisper .
tr	PRES	" Your constitution ? "
tr	PAST	Two men mopped their brows before retreating to the corner nearest the window , where a cool breeze slipped in under the sash .
tr	PRES	" Sure , Mrs. Glass .
tr	PRES	But , would you call a commitment necklace ? '
tr	PAST	That mystery puzzled me .
tr	PAST	She revealed a wooden box that I 'd painted on .
tr	PRES	' Didn 't it even taste a bit ... well , spicy ? '
tr	PRES	" Just don 't marry him , " begged Miriam .
tr	PRES	With some hesitation , he finally opens up and paints a depressing picture of a rough adolescence filled with drugs , booze , sex , and violence .
tr	PAST	Naomi and I staged a little fight in front of her locker today .
tr	PRES	Mr. Moretti only stares at me .
tr	PRES	His thumb taps on the steering wheel , but he doesn 't say anything else .
tr	PRES	" But James -- " " Has a live-in girlfriend . "
tr	PRES	Now we celebrate . '
tr	PAST	Trent sniffed and straightened .
tr	PAST	He motioned down the aisle , his biceps visible with the movement .
tr	PRES	She draws Sharmila and Raz aside to prepare them .
tr	PAST	The thing was just barely alive , its heart slowed almost to nothing , beating maybe once per minute .
tr	PRES	When I enter the school , it occurs to me that I don 't know where to begin searching for her .
tr	PRES	She falls to the floor .
tr	PRES	" LOOK OUT ! "
tr	PRES	" Marcia loves to entertain .
tr	PAST	I lied about my name , my past and even our wedding .
tr	PAST	Chapter 24 -- Behind Us He awoke with Leah on his chest .
tr	PRES	A masculine voice whispers in my ear , " Let me get that for you . "
tr	PAST	Clara exclaimed , her joy obvious .
tr	PRES	" Tiger loves pickles . "
tr	PRES	His full attention then returns to the TV , where Keating is winding down the interview .
tr	PRES	" Well , " Emerson sighs , swinging his legs around so that he 's sitting beside me .
tr	PAST	The miners then abandoned the bell pit and began to excavate a new pit .
tr	PAST	He motioned for them to follow him out to the stairwell .
tr	PAST	Gary dove into the classroom with huge eyes , silently begging her to follow .
tr	PAST	Camille 's phone chimed .
tr	PAST	Then , without a word , he crushed the colors with his fist ... And he had a face .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think I need a medal , " Noah whispers .
tr	PRES	Hungry , the flames flare , casting a brighter glow and illuminating Jesse 's profile , his eyelashes long and thick .
tr	PRES	The co-pilot points to something on the monitor .
tr	PRES	It never fails ! "
tr	PAST	Nick executed a courtly bow .
tr	PRES	" You 're grumpy when you don 't sleep , " she teased , and I couldn 't help feeling a little under fire .
tr	PRES	" I 'm here , " James whispers , holding me so tightly , so securely .
tr	PAST	He scoffed at her .
tr	PAST	He even abandoned his child ... It 's time .
tr	PRES	" Lotus Love . "
tr	PRES	" Since when are you an expert ? "
tr	PRES	" You look beautiful , " Connor murmurs , placing a chaste kiss on my lips .
tr	PAST	This proved interesting as Lord Nemesis , from that moment on , only spoke German or Latin .
tr	PRES	The skeletons rattling back and forth , voiceless but somehow charismatic , gnashing their splintered teeth .
tr	PRES	She pushes my shoulder with quick jab .
tr	PAST	Tommy completely withdrew from the line after Saturday 's competition .
tr	PAST	He thanked her and began to eat .
tr	PAST	" Yes , you thanked me for holding down the fort and there 's no need .
tr	PAST	I balled my hands into fists and drew them to my chest .
tr	PRES	" Trip , " Sarah said , soothing .
tr	PAST	It cooks up greasy , crispy and delicious .
tr	PRES	I snap my fingers , viewing the third level .
tr	PAST	Wondering why she chose the front door instead of the garage , I flung the door open , expecting to see my aunt .
tr	PRES	And her shouting voice fades as she disappears .
tr	PAST	" It 's no problem , " she countered and picked up his plate and wine glass .
tr	PRES	The center of the chamber holds exactly what the duo were hoping for , a large treasure chest standing alone .
tr	PRES	Like you ruined your whole life by moving down here ! "
tr	PAST	But no one dared try it anymore .
tr	PAST	Izzy reported that she could see no visible marks on Doc 's face and he didn 't appear to be in pain .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , her green eyes watering as she grew angrier .
tr	PRES	Can I shout something to make the rope come back up ? "
tr	PRES	" Get out of here , Amy , " Elder mutters , casting a worried glance at me .
tr	PRES	Her tongue tangled with his , her nails sinking into the muscle of his shoulders while her body trembled .
tr	PAST	He sensed the movement and turned toward her again , so she jerked her elbow up hard , smacking him against the jaw .
tr	PAST	Thomas and Charles smacked his head on cue .
tr	PRES	She likes him . "
tr	PAST	Gaius tensed in shock , his fangs lengthening in preparation for an attack .
tr	PAST	His hand flattened against the wood of the door .
tr	PAST	" You only pretended to be asleep . "
tr	PAST	The magic of this place revealed it to me .
tr	PRES	Push down the backseat . "
tr	PRES	She lays her palms on my chest and looks into my eyes .
tr	PRES	His eyebrows incline together , like he 's confused himself .
tr	PRES	She loves the uptown , the Walker Art Center , going to the movies and hanging out with her friends .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it incredible ? "
tr	PRES	Five clutches his hand and drops down to his knees .
tr	PRES	After a while , a new message pops up in the corner of my glasses .
tr	PAST	His sexy voice awoke every nerve ending .
tr	PRES	No one trusts anyone who isn 't in his sight , and preferably within the reach of his sword .
tr	PAST	He ambled down to the sea and washed the sand off the clay bottle to inspect it more clearly .
tr	PAST	His groan vibrated down my throat as he kissed me and then reluctantly pulled back .
tr	PRES	" You 're welcome , " he exhales deeply .
tr	PAST	Brick awaited the realisation of his prophecy and the ensuing gloat to his friend .
tr	PAST	He attempted to ask a stout lady for a dance but she , to his surprise , fled the room in hysterical terror .
tr	PAST	Chapter 13 The Rite and Butterfly Talking in the full light of day revealed more than Celestino imagined possible of the human world .
tr	PAST	He motioned for her to come over .
tr	PRES	A hatch in the bottom of the enormous ship opens .
tr	PRES	My mom chews on her piece of chicken , " Yeah your right . "
tr	PRES	After an hour , Tegan begins to trail behind the group .
tr	PAST	If you are either , please speak the truth , " Dr. Morgan stated boldly and with conviction .
tr	PAST	Emotion always ruled her .
tr	PAST	" And he lied to me .
tr	PRES	Then I crack open a beer .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed before shaking our hands .
tr	PRES	" It helps you to get to know me better . "
tr	PAST	He dumped a few dollars in the slot machines and after having no good luck , he wandered to an empty blackjack table .
tr	PAST	" Now , where did I put those seventeenth-century nutcrackers , " she exclaimed , leaping from the ladder to give Max a smack on the rump .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PRES	He tries to scramble free .
tr	PRES	I lean into him , digging my nails into his back as I clutch him to me .
tr	PAST	" Got a grant .
tr	PAST	I whipped my head around , more than a little annoyed .
tr	PAST	It bothered him greatly .
tr	PRES	" I detest giving orders to the servants . "
tr	PAST	" Put your hands against the wall , " he rasped into my ear after he 'd teased us both for several minutes .
tr	PAST	Their comic antics always entertained Zoe .
tr	PRES	' Not for long , mistress . '
tr	PRES	Debris begins to rain from the ceiling .
tr	PRES	He stands , dusting the sand off the back of his pants .
tr	PAST	Numerous pairs of yellow eyes reflected back at them .
tr	PRES	" And she suspects something !
tr	PAST	Quentin 's paws padded softly on the cement as he came up behind her .
tr	PAST	I dialed Colton 's number and waited for him to answer .
tr	PRES	" You sell investments . "
tr	PRES	" Back up , marshal . "
tr	PRES	In my potential powers , I correct myself .
tr	PAST	She presses her lips together then frowns and pulls the phone from her ear , setting it down on the bed next to her hip .
tr	PRES	I belong to the Thunder God Warriors . "
tr	PRES	It opens up into a small garage where Karl kept an old Corvette .
tr	PRES	Then he stalked out , flinging the kitchen door shut with a resounding clap that made the glass chatter .
tr	PAST	The light smacked him in the face as he left the tunnel , for one brief second he was blinded .
tr	PRES	Amy opens her mouth to protest .
tr	PRES	" Can we race after I do one more ?
tr	PAST	He had clapped his hands over his lips , the little steeple of his fingers collapsed to shut in his pain .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so sorry to hear about your father , " my dad murmurs sincerely .
tr	PAST	... " Norman exhaled .
tr	PRES	" We 'll see , " she hears herself saying , and notices Charlie 's expression turn dark as she does .
tr	PAST	Roland Thompson crouched in front of the bandstand and snapped another half-dozen pictures .
tr	PRES	Father opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	I 've just decided we 're going to get married , " he announced .
tr	PRES	days I will soon relive again .
tr	PAST	His hands roamed freely over her body , touching her intimately through her now badly wrinkled opera gown .
tr	PRES	In short , money talks .
tr	PAST	You lied to me .
tr	PAST	Suspicion arose in the fisherman 's mind .
tr	PAST	' Medic required ; medic for Bramley ! '
tr	PAST	We hopped in your private jet to hide out in a barn ? "
tr	PAST	" I have nothing to add to what has already been said , " chimed Tessie .
tr	PAST	He eyed her carefully from head to toe and smiled .
tr	PAST	The scuttling chased us .
tr	PRES	I shout out after him .
tr	PAST	Clary clutched the cuffs of the coat , digging her fingers into the soft pile .
tr	PAST	She wielded great power in her human life .
tr	PAST	My heart sped up as I realized he was angry , and I deserved it .
tr	PRES	" I promise to at least bring you for a visit , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mutter to myself , dropping my eyes quickly to the table just as the waitress comes by and puts down his drink .
tr	PRES	As if to punctuate his thought , he pinches them , unleashing a gush of heat that floods my core .
tr	PAST	" Knock it off .
tr	PRES	I whimper , heartbroken for a girl who has been through too much .
tr	PRES	Her features were strong without being manly , her brows heavy , her mouth generous , her lips stained dark red by skilled artifice .
tr	PRES	It belongs to my parents .
tr	PRES	' Are you busy , Pol ? '
tr	PAST	I squinted , lifting my hand to block the sunlight .
tr	PRES	How to get blood without kil ing the donor . "
tr	PRES	The door to my right squeaks as Kayden enters the room holding two coffee cups .
tr	PAST	The massive stone rumbled as it effortlessly slid back and up into the ceiling , exposing a more natural-looking cave .
tr	PRES	She slowly brings her eyes back up to meet mine .
tr	PAST	She grunted and I slipped out the bedroom door and into my boots .
tr	PRES	It was large enough to hold , the movable shine used for rituals and sacrifices .
tr	PRES	Below , the boiling surface of the star almost fills the view .
tr	PRES	" I ... " Claire begins as she struggles .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok Olivia ?
tr	PAST	Behind him , just out of the reach of the light of his flame , the eyes reappeared .
tr	PAST	When he was there , his stomach revolted .
tr	PAST	He instructed to leave no trace of their presence on the island .
tr	PAST	He curved the line and made it pierce itself .
tr	PRES	She coughed , her eyelids fluttering as if she were being pulled under again , barely hanging onto consciousness .
tr	PAST	Something jolted through me , and I could have sworn that Much were lighting off powder again .
tr	PRES	" Good morning to you too , sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	" Rome , " she whispers it , fresh as a dream .
tr	PRES	These things will probably find it soon , " he points out , squatting down near the edge of the lofty balcony overlooking the area .
tr	PAST	His warmth still lingered on the sheets .
tr	PRES	" Time to do your duty for your country , kiddo .
tr	PAST	He claimed nothing was going on , at least not anymore . "
tr	PRES	" Your survival chances . "
tr	PRES	" Did Abby ... " " She 's telling them now . "
tr	PAST	" You befriended someone with green hair ? "
tr	PAST	Hers matched , but that 's about as much as they had going for them .
tr	PAST	She sensed him the way farmers sensed a coming thunderstorm -- with a mixture of anticipation and dread .
tr	PRES	Lifting me off the floor , he tries to sound reassuring .
tr	PRES	Mr. Jones slows the bike in a semicircle at the front of campus .
tr	PAST	I washed it down with a gulp of the milk .
tr	PAST	He smacked his lips .
tr	PRES	She sat up and faced him , then reached out and ran her hand through his soft pale hair , pul ing his head closer to her .
tr	PAST	Instead , it revealed a horror far worse than anything I ever could have imagined .
tr	PRES	One who was old enough to be her great-grandfather times a million .
tr	PRES	I bury a kiss into her belly button , and her insides quiver beneath me .
tr	PRES	' He remembers who we are .
tr	PAST	Marches boomed impressively from the loudspeakers , and the honor guard briskly went through its drill .
tr	PAST	You treated me like a criminal .
tr	PAST	In late November , I received three letters .
tr	PRES	She 's deserves so much better than that , yet she can 't see it .
tr	PRES	At least I assume we 're watching the same thing .
tr	PAST	I feared losing this ... this dream space between worlds where I hadn 't ruined anything .
tr	PRES	As they came within social range Karma turned to hug Fate , a lunge he initially mistook for a right hook .
tr	PRES	" If you say so , Green Light . "
tr	PRES	Then it stops suddenly as he realises what will happen if he strikes in anger .
tr	PAST	Then he eyed the room with a freer view .
tr	PRES	" The Protector remains where it was first hidden , cleverly guarded .
tr	PAST	The band piled into their van and drove to Case .
tr	PRES	" Me , too ? "
tr	PAST	Momma elbowed Daddy in the ribs and forced a laugh past her gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	But Lucy holds up her other hand and I 'm struck down , my insides freezing up in hard knots .
tr	PRES	The loud bang of a gunshot ringing out in the distance .
tr	PRES	" But al twenty-two stil alive .
tr	PAST	I shuffled slightly , expecting to erupt into pain , but instead felt nothing but a nauseating wave .
tr	PAST	On the contrary , she experienced another electrical jolt .
tr	PAST	Emotion tugged at his voice , raw with anguish as he asked , " Was being with me so unbearable that you had to run away ? "
tr	PAST	Once again he toyed with the idea of calling this place in Mexico , leaving a message inquiring about her .
tr	PRES	A wedding picture hung on the wall , the bride clearly Lydia .
tr	PRES	The universe still functions on a monetary , or barter system .
tr	PRES	Water begins to drip slowly into the bottom of the trough .
tr	PRES	My voice softens as I reach over and tuck strands of wet hair behind her ear .
tr	PRES	Kate folds her arms across her chest and Asher places a hand on her back .
tr	PAST	I tugged on Joseph 's sleeve .
tr	PRES	Each box holds distinctive lettering which no doubt is a spell .
tr	PRES	" Not bad , " Rann chuckles , pointing the maser at my head .
tr	PRES	The girl frowns at my raincoat and rain boots .
tr	PRES	Looking over at her dark head , tilted slightly to the side , brows slightly bunched together , all I could read from her was concern .
tr	PRES	But I ... relieved some pressure ... about halfway through that time .
tr	PAST	I attempted sound normal .
tr	PRES	But somehow he sees .
tr	PAST	I regarded Andrei 's two men .
tr	PAST	Oberon stiffened , then slowly turned to me again .
tr	PRES	" About an hour and a half before sunset .
tr	PRES	" Did you warn that fledgling you told me about that my dad was after him ? "
tr	PAST	" Tell me what you need , " he urged .
tr	PAST	" Jacob wasn 't going to hurt me , " she denied suddenly .
tr	PAST	The onslaught of fire smashed against the unseen barrier .
tr	PRES	The back door of the house opens and a grey-haired man in khaki pants and a light-blue Alligator polo , surveys us from the doorway .
tr	PAST	When Marcus swung again , Adrian eluded him with a maneuver that was straight out of Wolfe 's class .
tr	PAST	She flicked aside the blanket partitioning her from the rest of the room .
tr	PAST	" You both desired the change to occur . "
tr	PAST	" Call me stupid again ... " " Stupid ! "
tr	PRES	I bob my head rigorously to emphasize my agreement .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her spoon , poked at the bread , and finally shrugged .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Perfect isn 't so perfect at something , " she teased , her voice floating through the still night .
tr	PRES	It only happened once , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Accumulating miserably where the dregs of society have always washed up , a sort of scum around the drain .
tr	PAST	The kind of existence you risked your life to save our Kingdom from .
tr	PRES	She never throws anything away . "
tr	PAST	" Maybe good enough for a Marine , but not real people , " Mary joked .
tr	PAST	Poseidon charged inside , positioning himself behind me .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled his neck , feeling the burn of unsatisfied lust .
tr	PRES	The scar on his neck stands out pink against his skin , and he still has shadows under his eyes like he 's been inside too long .
tr	PRES	He just refuses to listen . "
tr	PRES	" However , he only gains the right of inheritance under a certain condition .
tr	PRES	They really screwed us , " the Admiral states , her voice sounding pained and weak .
tr	PRES	He uses it every chance he gets . "
tr	PRES	She hates and blames me most of all . "
tr	PAST	Guy laughed then tipped his head back and took a long swallow from the water bottle .
tr	PRES	" You rejoice in her death ? "
tr	PRES	Mr. Quintanilla bursts at Benjamin .
tr	PAST	Daniel eyed Jamie and me .
tr	PRES	Beautiful yet repulsive ... And finally honest .
tr	PAST	She operated on a " don 't ask " policy these days when it came to Charlie .
tr	PRES	James draws me into a hug , resting his chin on the top of my head , his arms tight around me .
tr	PRES	The corner of his mouth twitches slightly .
tr	PRES	" There was already a hole in the roof , " April explains .
tr	PRES	He holds the power and he 's after you now .
tr	PAST	His eyes darkened as he slid his fingers against her hair again , this time brushing the pad of his thumb across her cheekbone .
tr	PRES	He sniffs my hands and snorts and tries to bite my arm .
tr	PAST	She then tugged something impatiently out of it and Colin watched in fascination as it tumbled around her face , neck and shoulders .
tr	PRES	When she didn 't answer , he prompted , " Baby doll ? "
tr	PRES	Kamil bursts out laughing .
tr	PAST	He reported afterwards that they sat in complete silence for the journey .
tr	PRES	Call me , text me , whatever you have to do .
tr	PAST	I exit the room , refusing to look back , one foot in front of the other , with my head facing forward .
tr	PAST	Without hesitating , he dove over the edge , head first to guarantee he 'd break his neck in the fall .
tr	PRES	My neck snaps at the sound of Castle 's panicked voice .
tr	PRES	Hardly anyone in the halls , and the only doctor I pass barely glances at me .
tr	PAST	Her front bumper smashed into the closest boulder .
tr	PRES	" You don 't like this dress , after all , " she teased .
tr	PAST	The kiss deepened , his tongue slipping between her lips to swirl within her mouth and duel with hers .
tr	PAST	Luc and Malik emerged , Ethan behind them .
tr	PAST	" I want to see , " Adeline squealed as expected , jumping up to stand expectantly before her eldest sister .
tr	PAST	After every sexual encounter , Xerxes vomited .
tr	PRES	With twenty-four hours of quiet behind us , Coin finally announces we can leave the bunker .
tr	PRES	" How about dessert ?
tr	PAST	He withdrew his words and focused on the wrathful storm clouds looming above them .
tr	PRES	The thought of alcohol passes through my brain , but I don 't want to be drunk .
tr	PAST	His voice dared her to challenge him .
tr	PAST	He thrived in these situations .
tr	PRES	" Stony Bay ... not just another sailing town , " the woman quotes .
tr	PAST	Lucy stomped from one side of the room to the other , hands on hips , steam rising from her ears .
tr	PAST	Researching Vampires proved to be not only interesting and fascinating , but , at times , amusing .
tr	PAST	Throwing her entire body into the effort , she hopped up and down , grunting like a wounded animal .
tr	PRES	" Come off it , Trip .
tr	PRES	He holds both his hands over his face , grasping at his ruined eye .
tr	PAST	She shuffled her feet along the ground , persevering through the storm .
tr	PAST	I have to know ... we have to know , " Will persisted coming closer .
tr	PRES	Macon sneaks over there through the backyards , some nights . "
tr	PAST	He phoned Dr Morgan , who said to wake Chicky at once and tell her to get things ready .
tr	PRES	I murmur against her neck .
tr	PAST	She restrained Ian with a frantic look .
tr	PRES	Then I replied , " I know , " and finished , " Cressida . "
tr	PRES	* * * Snow Flower Publishing Proudly presents the : Mysterious Destiny Series : 1 .
tr	PRES	" Will you listen to me for once , you stubborn brat ?
tr	PAST	Zoey feared she already knew the answer .
tr	PRES	They 'll be okay , baby doll . "
tr	PAST	' Move out of the way , Cristina , ' he instructed grimly .
tr	PAST	As I was stepping into it , my phone chimed with another message from India .
tr	PRES	While Shelton nails the boards to the floor framing , she brings them to him .
tr	PAST	She tugged his ears to bring his lips to hers .
tr	PAST	He suckled her lush breasts , his tongue teasing , his teeth scraping gently , his mouth hot and moist .
tr	PRES	She reaches out her hand and Nathan reluctantly shakes it but he looks as if he 's doing something he 's going to regret .
tr	PAST	Harden adjusted his jacket and straightened his tie .
tr	PRES	" But ... " I tail off .
tr	PRES	" Which explains the bath basket ? "
tr	PRES	She had both fists in the wedding cake .
tr	PAST	I 've made up my mind , so don 't bother talking me out of it , " I stated bluntly .
tr	PRES	He glares with hatred .
tr	PAST	She 'd been on edge for weeks , feeling vaguely dejected .
tr	PAST	My arm tugged backwards and I lost balance .
tr	PAST	Hell , he blackmailed me into this whole thing . "
tr	PAST	" A long time , " Ricky pondered aloud .
tr	PRES	" Why , hello there ! "
tr	PAST	Keke squealed at me as the truck pulled onto the shoulder in front of the Datsun .
tr	PRES	The sudden change in direction throws me off Five 's back , my hand clutching a ripped piece of his T-shirt .
tr	PAST	" Look who 's back , " Xavier announced wryly , a weary look on his face .
tr	PRES	" No store sells it ... but if it makes you feel better , leave some coins behind . "
tr	PRES	Mike glances at Mom , who shrugs .
tr	PAST	He utterly bemused her and she couldn 't speak .
tr	PAST	It still bore smudges of blue chalk .
tr	PAST	We turned to see John sprinting toward us , his face troubled .
tr	PAST	Beth stiffened suddenly , a small gasp emitting from her mouth .
tr	PRES	" And keep this under wraps as much as possible !
tr	PAST	I slap my hand over my mouth .
tr	PAST	JD tensed , glancing up to meet Nick 's eyes .
tr	PRES	Says he 's selling magazine subscriptions . "
tr	PAST	Chelsea 's bottom bounced down on the saddle , and she gave a little squeak of pain .
tr	PAST	The locals on the island claimed that the flooded cave beast swallowed divers whole .
tr	PAST	" I never approved of the marriage .
tr	PRES	Chloe charges at it with the stick in her hand , spears it through the throat .
tr	PRES	" Do you believe it , Mitch ? "
tr	PAST	She clutched his arm tighter .
tr	PRES	Then she marches out of the kitchen and into her room .
tr	PAST	Davis sketched a salute .
tr	PRES	" Because they are animals , " he snaps , his voice unexpectedly sharp .
tr	PAST	A huge number of Texans living in other parts of the country flocked back to their native land .
tr	PAST	Dagmar quickly crawled to the edge of the ridge and lifted her large spectacles to her face .
tr	PAST	The girl 's hands balled into fists .
tr	PRES	When she presses her thumb against the ID box , the video plays .
tr	PAST	I giggled , and took another bite of my sandwich .
tr	PAST	Abruptly it seized a twig and began tearing at it .
tr	PRES	He feathered a hand over her face , his fingertips softly grazing her cheekbone .
tr	PRES	A smile melts away her frown .
tr	PRES	I snuck him into my bed when I had nightmares , even though he was supposed to sleep in the downstairs laundry room .
tr	PRES	He tries to pull me closer , but I rip his hands from my waist and step back .
tr	PRES	" Tony refuses to allow it .
tr	PRES	She removes a knife from the belt she wears on her h * ps and follows him inside .
tr	PRES	Derek 's words echo in my head : You can do this .
tr	PRES	" That explains my pantry open with crumbs all over it !
tr	PRES	" Please , your highness .
tr	PAST	A bear charged out of the darkness straight for the side of the jeep .
tr	PRES	Of course I will let you explain yourself , King Ignis , but only because you apparently have some courage left in your old veins .
tr	PAST	A few of the other girls circled around us and nodded their heads .
tr	PAST	Stupid tears pricked the backs of her eyes .
tr	PRES	Flynn looks at me , his face still expressionless .
tr	PRES	Although I suppose it helps that your expectations were pretty darn low to start with . "
tr	PRES	Finding a rope ladder hanging over the railing of the deck she climbs aboard .
tr	PRES	" I hope you don 't mind , " she murmurs as we hug awkwardly .
tr	PAST	Beyond it , directly ahead , a staggering mountain range pierced the clouds .
tr	PAST	I shuffled my feet uncomfortably .
tr	PRES	I lean closer to the mirror , examining her perfect features .
tr	PRES	Lexi whispers softly in my ear .
tr	PAST	The bald misfit clasped at the bucket and doubled over in agony just as the room began to shake .
tr	PAST	Her voice faltered , causing Staffan 's gaze to return to her face .
tr	PRES	Jealous 'cause you couldn 't kiss our sweet sister ? "
tr	PAST	Well , no one really messed with Rachel either , but more so because she didn 't really acknowledge men .
tr	PAST	Unless ... " He brightened .
tr	PAST	His skeptical eyebrows urged me forward .
tr	PAST	A sleek canoe glided over its crest .
tr	PAST	But his misjudged attempt to stand only resulted in his injured leg twisting underneath him again .
tr	PRES	I have a very rich husband now , so I don 't need to worry about money , " she teased him mercilessly .
tr	PRES	" She sings all the time . "
tr	PAST	The gods abandoned their interest in Dios , this strange little human with the stick and the cracked voice .
tr	PAST	She massaged her head that was beginning to pound again .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and melted against the couch .
tr	PAST	His words slurred slightly .
tr	PRES	He sat down on the edge of the chair , leaning forward , his arms resting on his knees .
tr	PRES	The guard 's voice brings my attention back to him .
tr	PRES	She stops briefly on the landing to the fourth floor .
tr	PRES	" Well ... " His lips part slightly revealing his pearly teeth .
tr	PRES	Neither of us holds pride from our earlier confrontations today .
tr	PAST	Patch pondered this a moment .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head , letting her ponytail hang down over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	He clasped Darius 's arms just above the elbows in the formal greeting of one warrior to another .
tr	PRES	I assume that you have something planned . '
tr	PAST	She is a lump of coal in the corner of the carriage , her outstretched hand insistent as a beggar maid .
tr	PRES	His face begins to drop when I don 't respond and he goes to look away .
tr	PAST	Chandler swooped in , kissing her deeply , and bringing her back to the present .
tr	PRES	Shots freaked me out .
tr	PAST	Shane exhaled on a rough sigh .
tr	PRES	Surprised , I called again , " Hello ? "
tr	PRES	" Breathe , baby , " he whispers , rocking me back and forth .
tr	PAST	Apples are very pleasing to them , " Song stated .
tr	PRES	I scramble around , digging through chunks of tile slick with blood , shuddering when I encounter bits of warm flesh .
tr	PAST	The smile he gave her was slow and intimate , designed to disarm .
tr	PAST	He flicked a glance at me .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand for a shake .
tr	PAST	Ryder must have sensed her reluctance , because he held himself back .
tr	PRES	" What a feisty one ! "
tr	PRES	" The evil siren deserves what was stolen from her . "
tr	PAST	Pasha disclosed Arthur 's unsophisticated plan without knowing it .
tr	PAST	He claimed that 's why she divorced him . "
tr	PAST	Because I could , I hopped up on my bed , and jumped .
tr	PRES	In her place was ... Satan .
tr	PRES	Disappointment clouded her features briefly .
tr	PAST	Hal 's casual remark over the dinner table dimmed Karen 's pleasant glow of well-being .
tr	PRES	She reaches for me , trying to touch my cock .
tr	PRES	" If she 's old-fashioned . "
tr	PAST	They were both still in bed , pillows stuffed over their faces .
tr	PAST	When he pushed the denim down his thighs , her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	As he brushes my hair back from my forehead , it occurs to me that this is wrong .
tr	PAST	A sudden pain lanced through her right arm .
tr	PAST	They exited the bus and walked through an inflatable airlock into one of the tents .
tr	PAST	Heat engulfed me , penetrating through my skin and into my muscles , then my bones , until I felt energy rushing through me in waves .
tr	PAST	I reassured myself that I knew what my father 's face looked like .
tr	PAST	They readied their rail passes but the conductor never came .
tr	PRES	" You Stephen Cline ? "
tr	PRES	The zipper stops at the base of my spine .
tr	PRES	Words wouldn 't form , her breaths uneven and needy .
tr	PAST	" I must be getting back , " announced Mrs. Billings .
tr	PRES	On Sundays the shoppe opens at noon , so customers won 't be showing up for a half hour or so .
tr	PRES	He suspects there are devastating effects if it is withdrawn abruptly .
tr	PRES	A bit decadent . "
tr	PRES	Cy scoots his rolling chair closer to me .
tr	PAST	An expensive down comforter , covered by a custom silk duvet , floated like a cloud around them .
tr	PAST	Chelsea bounced a frown between Danni and Darren .
tr	PRES	She considers this , looking conflicted , but then she slowly leans in and lightly places her lips against mine .
tr	PRES	" You selfish bitch . "
tr	PRES	" You , " I mumbled almost incoherently .
tr	PRES	She explains to me about ' Imaginative Play ' , allowing kids to create imaginary adventures and stories with simple objects around them .
tr	PAST	He tensed up as Flora pulled him through the wall .
tr	PRES	Sarah glances at her notes before continuing .
tr	PAST	Seth reclined in the plastic chair , one leg propped against the edge of the table .
tr	PAST	Still , hoping he 'd transform soon , I dumped another puzzle on my desk and worked it as I waited .
tr	PRES	" Be very careful , Samantha , " I warn steadily , my knuckles aching from holding the steering wheel so tightly .
tr	PRES	A maniacal glow shone in his eyes .
tr	PRES	" What if someone sees us ?
tr	PAST	She stiffened in his arms .
tr	PAST	" Ummm ... " Avalon struggled for a reason .
tr	PAST	She prayed the surgery could be delayed , but that was looking less promising every hour .
tr	PAST	" You lied , sugar . "
tr	PAST	Samantha shrieked as the thunder exploded around them with immense power and intensity .
tr	PAST	Moving a couple of the tentacles aside exposed a single , open , brown eye .
tr	PAST	His face , so breathtaking , revealed nothing of his thoughts .
tr	PRES	Says Robert after a long and infectious yawn .
tr	PAST	" Oh my ... " My legs clutched his head between my legs .
tr	PAST	She sped up as she approached the window at the far end of the ward and hurled him at it .
tr	PRES	The silence eventually rips my sanity open and I trace the cracks in the table .
tr	PAST	They scored off the charts and needed much more training than they could get in Cedar Hill .
tr	PRES	* * * Abby and I run past the sliding glass doors of the hospital and hesitate .
tr	PRES	" A St. Bernard . "
tr	PRES	" You killed him , " Jason mumbled .
tr	PRES	Oh , my beloved spiral staircase .
tr	PAST	Josephine instructed him to lean back and close his eyes , then she guided him through the relaxation exercise that Alice had given him last night .
tr	PRES	Do as much damage as possible , and don 't forget that we need to destroy the mosquito hatching facility on our way over to the hangers .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap wide and I back off to try another tactic .
tr	PRES	Adapt faster , adapt better , adapt to things that no man should have to .
tr	PAST	He fantasized about the coffee , his mouth watering for a good roast , black , maybe with an undertone of honey and almonds .
tr	PAST	Sand swirled in the desert as the wind grew fierce , whipping it away from the pyramid as it rose from the depths .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , but you 'd better hurry and drink it before it demands citizenship , " I advised .
tr	PAST	She giggled , " OK ! "
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " I mumbled , but I lowered the gun and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	PRES	It stretches its arms out in a brisk run toward me while I echo the movement .
tr	PRES	She bundles him closer , watching with Shelton the slow parting of the curtains .
tr	PRES	" Four , " the woman corrects her , laughing .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and grabs his chin , turning his face toward hers .
tr	PRES	Mind you , you don 't need one of those , cos you 've got a girlfriend ... " " Had a girlfriend " corrects Dredd .
tr	PAST	It nearly froze his finger but it did not burn .
tr	PRES	He appraised the Poet in a new light .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to both of us , asshole . "
tr	PRES	But you 'll keep him , just cuz Teddy likes him . "
tr	PRES	Its head falls back to one side as though it can 't bear to hold it up any longer .
tr	PAST	That last question rendered me momentarily mute .
tr	PRES	He rises to stand and holds his hand out for me to take .
tr	PRES	Having sex like that brings me back , but it doesn 't last very long .
tr	PRES	" I forgave her in one way , because she did save Cait , too . "
tr	PAST	Each floating pallet served as a link between each of the nets .
tr	PRES	Sex sells - and that 's pretty sexy . "
tr	PAST	Chesney unfolded the seat attached to the bulkhead and sat down .
tr	PAST	Her voice faltered when mentioning her mother .
tr	PRES	He breathes in his satisfaction and lowers to his haunches ; only now do his eyes fill in the spaces left bare by scent and sound .
tr	PAST	Her own experiences , her own memories provided context .
tr	PAST	Normally , that would have soured his mood .
tr	PRES	' Facility with language hath ever been a part of my nature . '
tr	PAST	He produced a mocking look . '
tr	PRES	a voice whispers near my ear .
tr	PRES	" Not if they all arrive at once . "
tr	PAST	His voice deepened , the timbre making my core clench with recognition .
tr	PAST	Rick eyed Malcolm , whose huge presence behind Kaylee made him a little nervous .
tr	PRES	" That won 't happen , Bree .
tr	PRES	" Don 't even think about it , " Rachel hisses pointing at Alex with a warning look on her face .
tr	PRES	He touches the scratches , one hand lifted to cover them for a moment , then the hand drops at his side .
tr	PRES	" He likes your freckles too much .
tr	PRES	" It was over , Paulette .
tr	PAST	His squire , a blond of the north with untold sins awaited him beneath the palm fronds of the servant 's lean-to .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want Crump involved in this , " Jonas stated flatly as he led the way back down the corridor .
tr	PRES	The passages and staterooms echo to my tread .
tr	PAST	He phoned at noon to confirm their meeting time .
tr	PAST	Neil leaped onto the rock and shouldered Simon aside .
tr	PAST	Her Great Dane tugged her toward a hedge at the edge of the parking lot and she followed his lead .
tr	PAST	I messed up on it . "
tr	PAST	And when he tugged the petals in both hands ... care to guess ?
tr	PRES	The whole room stops to watch .
tr	PAST	" I should have allowed you to leave , " he mumbled , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	All watched , silent and exhausted , as the primary organism marked with black cloth circled the large pit to approach them .
tr	PAST	I pretended to move to leave .
tr	PRES	" So Drake . "
tr	PAST	Then the room exploded , sending her flying into something hard .
tr	PAST	The small item floated out of Anakin 's pocket and landed in Obi-Wan 's hand .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a smile tugged at his lips , then a hysterical laugh bubbled up from his chest .
tr	PAST	The glitter dimmed farther north in the New Territories but continued even into mainland China , where Guangzhou glowed on the horizon .
tr	PAST	His shirt smoked where it was torn .
tr	PRES	He kind of changes in his office .
tr	PAST	I thanked Amelia for her help , told her we should hang out some time and hung up .
tr	PAST	Compliments embarrassed Elise and she dismissed her daughter 's words with a shake of her head .
tr	PRES	Okay , so maybe I kind of overreacted , but there was no way I was going to that club .
tr	PAST	Edward squinted at the photograph , trying to discern more information .
tr	PAST	He produced a timid smile .
tr	PAST	The bodies just floated there .
tr	PRES	Whether yours will be for more good or ill , remains in your hands . "
tr	PAST	Gideon briefly caressed my cheek .
tr	PRES	He gently touches the seed pouch of his favorite flower , and the realization that the time has come hits him with unimaginable force .
tr	PAST	She stormed out of the room once her venomous words were lingering in the air .
tr	PRES	" Unbelievable , " Fitch mumbled .
tr	PRES	" No need to go all sultry and sexy on me so early in the a.m. " She giggles .
tr	PAST	The vanity mirror shattered into a million pieces , like James 's heart .
tr	PAST	We weaved our way around the left over equipment and materials , making our way to the people being held captive .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	After the show , I snuck into her dressing room .
tr	PAST	Alix trusted Jordan , but she wasn 't so sure about Laurel .
tr	PAST	He looked at me with such confidence and trust it nearly shattered my heart .
tr	PAST	She caressed his lips with the tips of her fingers .
tr	PRES	" Bad night eh ? "
tr	PAST	" When I first found out I was pregnant , of course I blamed you .
tr	PAST	She tugged my hand .
tr	PAST	His beautiful eyes glowed with sincerity and ... love .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my books and papers back into my bag and as many of the new clothes as I could .
tr	PRES	" I 'm thinking about the future , " she hisses .
tr	PRES	You should see the other guys , barely a scratch on 'em , " I teased .
tr	PAST	I flung it every which way as I jostled down the stairs .
tr	PAST	But then we regained our rhythm , and immediately the swarms rose up , returned to normal .
tr	PRES	She slams the door and we head across the packed parking lot .
tr	PAST	Noise from the other room barely delayed his focus .
tr	PAST	I marveled at how new everything felt .
tr	PAST	She eyed it , shrugged , and slipped it into the pocket of her coat .
tr	PAST	My body tensed as his hand moved to rest on my thigh .
tr	PRES	Of course I value your opinion but in this you cannot interfere and I cannot tell you why .
tr	PAST	She extended her reach with a grunt , grasping the envelope between two fingers .
tr	PRES	He glares at Mel .
tr	PRES	" Max , I 'm Dan Raynor , U.S. Marshal , supervisor for this area . "
tr	PRES	Magnus 's cat eyes shone with anger .
tr	PAST	The doctor produced a device about the size of a small lamp and placed it on the table .
tr	PRES	Leaping into the air , Garo dives upon Link in a crescent , his unnatural movement seeming to defy common laws of physics .
tr	PRES	He presses a smile .
tr	PAST	Then he cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	" No ; the earls ' bodyguards only stand around all day and protect their liege . "
tr	PAST	This proved difficult , for the dragon was very curious about the rain , and kept spreading his wings to feel the water beating upon them .
tr	PAST	His eyes were bloodshot , his words slurred .
tr	PAST	The Arab collapsed , dead .
tr	PAST	And he delighted in his torture !
tr	PAST	I prayed to God that the principal be ' on leave ' that day .
tr	PAST	" That silly little head on such a big feathery body . "
tr	PAST	Their child senses their disquiet , as any child would .
tr	PRES	Derek 's grandma finally opens the door and gestures for me to enter the house .
tr	PAST	" Here you go Madam , " Taylor exclaimed as he pulled out my chair for me .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes the facts suffice . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , and by the way , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Walls curved and assumed odd angles .
tr	PRES	She padded toward her yard .
tr	PAST	Men and women alike flocked to him , kneeling at his feet and kissing his hands .
tr	PAST	With a healthy dose of panic , I wriggled around until my hips were lined up with the widest part of the opening .
tr	PRES	High school bands playing holiday tunes march by us , while people covered in Christmas lights dance along the street .
tr	PAST	Walking upstairs to the second floor revealed a large master bedroom with its own master bathroom .
tr	PAST	Caroline clutched Rachel 's arm .
tr	PAST	Josh scoffed , " Yeah , ' choice ' . "
tr	PAST	The smile on his lips fled completely , to be replaced by an expression of unmistakable and total bemusement .
tr	PRES	Rebecca glances between Mitch and I a few times , and then crosses her arms .
tr	PRES	" What kinda secret ? "
tr	PAST	Four men exploded out .
tr	PAST	" Go forward and see if she called him back , " Jeff instructed .
tr	PRES	The abnormal activity explains your partial memory recovery .
tr	PRES	When I finally reach Ryan on the sandbar , I discover him leaning back on his elbows , sunning himself , and waiting .
tr	PAST	His voice steadied her , but it still wasn 't enough .
tr	PRES	Then someone fetch me a broom . '
tr	PAST	She berated herself silently , fighting off the urge to run back inside the house .
tr	PRES	A buzzing noise fills my ears .
tr	PAST	The rain persisted for over an hour before the pair decided it was time to head back to the river .
tr	PAST	Emma sniffed , her regal nose in the air , yet her caring tone proved she loved her only child anyway .
tr	PRES	Xe winks at him .
tr	PAST	She froze , Gary with her , and whirled around .
tr	PAST	I disconnected the line before I fucked with it .
tr	PRES	She passes the joint to Jenny .
tr	PRES	" Technology changes every year .
tr	PAST	My finger caressed my precious gift in my pocket , and I felt tears prickle at the corners of my eyes .
tr	PAST	Brad motioned helplessly with his hands .
tr	PAST	I vow marriage to you would exhaust any man into finding the female gender unappealing . "
tr	PRES	" Someone warn the refrigerator . "
tr	PRES	" Mitch , can I call you Mitch ? "
tr	PAST	" He bore the scent of my grandmother , whom I 'd just met .
tr	PAST	Bobby swooped forward and gathered the pot of winnings from the middle of the table .
tr	PRES	I pump my arms and churn my legs .
tr	PRES	" Melissa Lorraine Hamilton . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , fuck me . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed at one point .
tr	PRES	And something opens up inside me , because he 's right .
tr	PAST	She lied to the hospital , CPS , everyone - it was always blamed on me .
tr	PAST	The water smashed against the far wall and swept into the room , knocking them all off their feet with the force of its current .
tr	PRES	' Cover , they need to know where we are , you git . '
tr	PAST	They unleashed a few more punches to keep their victims dazed before dashing off into the night .
tr	PAST	" She never stated a reason , " the lawyer said blandly , " and I never asked for one .
tr	PAST	She crawled over his lap , grabbed his cock , and aligned the heat of him with her opening .
tr	PRES	" And what brings a scientist from North Jersey to Arizona to dig a national treasure out of an old barn ? "
tr	PAST	But despite kissing and tasting her repeatedly , he " d never uttered anything that sounded like ritualistic mating words .
tr	PRES	Second Shipper Shelby opens her mouth to speak , but Marae throws her hand up first to stop her .
tr	PRES	You belong here with me .
tr	PRES	Her beautiful eyes sparkling with joy , Jolie begins to hum .
tr	PRES	Zeus appraised him quietly and then nodded .
tr	PAST	" Ya ... well he also conjured up a copy of me for a wife , kinda creepy . "
tr	PAST	Viper flicked a brow upward .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , studying the board .
tr	PAST	I thanked him for the upgrade to the suite , and my heart melted when he responded by telling me what 's his was mine now .
tr	PRES	It begins to fade in and out like a dull fluorescent light constantly licked by a short in its wires .
tr	PAST	the girls cheered as they walked upstairs to her bedroom .
tr	PRES	the Dark Lord prompted , her nails slicing through Cassie 's skin .
tr	PAST	Stay merged with me .
tr	PRES	A ghoul climbs from each mound .
tr	PRES	All three scramble to get it up , shushing each other as they do .
tr	PAST	" Sean ... " I groped for the right words while idly twisting my locket .
tr	PAST	Then he grunted and slapped out of the tent .
tr	PRES	' Heat the water around you , Pol .
tr	PRES	A big , friendly fool , Bartley roars when sober and thunders when drunk .
tr	PRES	" No pens ? "
tr	PAST	The drums rumbled again .
tr	PAST	They only ever referred to her parents as her family , and never by name .
tr	PRES	He barely hears her voice .
tr	PRES	I stared at her , my mouth agape .
tr	PRES	Not a whisker on him , but even unwittingly , he plays his role .
tr	PRES	' Hey , look who is here ; Brandon , wassup bra ? '
tr	PRES	But Raine stops talking , and her head slips off her hands and lands on the table with a loud thud .
tr	PAST	He obviously feared my power , but refrained from giving me any sort of answer .
tr	PRES	He lets me use it sometimes . "
tr	PRES	Mr. Wick pushes the student forward .
tr	PAST	Satisfaction churned in my depths .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seventeen Around me the machines buzzed and crackled .
tr	PRES	Since when does Canada negotiate with rogue States ? "
tr	PRES	She averted her face quickly but Ryland caught her chin .
tr	PAST	I handled the investigative and planning phase of the cases .
tr	PRES	She clung to his arm , her feeble grip barely registering .
tr	PAST	I asked , feeling violated .
tr	PAST	19 Haven floated in a great void , as if she were in the deepest heart of space .
tr	PRES	They exist enough to lure us in and seduce us but in the end will never give us anything solid .
tr	PAST	His mind swirled like the circular patterns embedded into the paint .
tr	PRES	For a few moments everyone on the dance floor freezes .
tr	PAST	" A third man chimed in , " I We are surely the greatest warriors this town has ever known !
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow , as though he was a little worried about what she might say .
tr	PAST	That stupid hunk of junk destroyed my card . "
tr	PRES	Slipping , falling , headfirst .
tr	PRES	" Every time I think it 's possible to get past what happened , I discover it 's not . "
tr	PAST	She was beautiful , crouched there , determination in the set of her chin and shoulders .
tr	PAST	Kelly and Mike yawned and stirred .
tr	PRES	Many of the tribes themselves resemble creatures from legends and myths .
tr	PRES	" Because he loves you .
tr	PRES	Just another pin prick on Tokyo 's convoluted subway map .
tr	PAST	Every step shattered stone and tumbled columns , which in turn let loose crashing avalanches .
tr	PRES	The last thing I wanted to do was piss him off .
tr	PAST	The Big Boss reassured them both , " I 'm not sure what that means , but you can put your mind at ease .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , I won 't eat you dear , " Mrs. Chandler joked , and then she disappeared from a door behind her desk .
tr	PRES	Cole sighs , leaning back in his seat .
tr	PAST	Burt swiped it up , watched her go , and wondered if Josie was dumb enough to believe that piece of crap .
tr	PAST	I actually crawled into the other room .
tr	PAST	The mirror above my hand shattered as he fired at the only part of my body visible to him .
tr	PRES	Or take home leftovers . "
tr	PRES	And ... , " he winks .
tr	PAST	Jason collected his knife and sheathed it , returning the weapon to his pocket .
tr	PRES	" And the swarm ?
tr	PRES	Like it never mattered or happened ? "
tr	PRES	" Whatever I put my hand to , it melts .
tr	PRES	" I 'll drive , you navigate .
tr	PAST	His professionals proposed to give her some drugs , but Jonas strictly refused .
tr	PAST	He spotted Leo standing on top of a nearby crest , his frame outlined by the moonlight .
tr	PRES	For many that have lived on the land , or that currently reside there , they proudly confess , " I am a Guyanese ! "
tr	PRES	He highlights the last line of his poem .
tr	PAST	They provided Kate with more information about Phoenix Enterprises and current events .
tr	PRES	She begged me for about ten minutes not to ticket her , then she went into this cryin ' fit like a baby .
tr	PAST	Bowie inquired , now taking on a slightly more formal attitude .
tr	PAST	She prayed the thick tome from the library had it right .
tr	PRES	" Not that I recall .
tr	PAST	Her head smacked back , and the pleasure I felt would worry therapists across the nation .
tr	PRES	" So it stands to reason there 's something about the line that fortifies or protects a corpse .
tr	PAST	" Oh my God , " I exclaimed .
tr	PRES	I pul a deep breath and answer .
tr	PRES	' Your meaning ? '
tr	PRES	When he turns to me , he stops .
tr	PAST	' I 'm sorry , we 're full up , ' the driver lied .
tr	PRES	Kai attempts to help her , but his trident is too easily knocked aside and his breathing is labored .
tr	PRES	His voice spread across her skin , her pores soaking it up as if they were starved for nourishment .
tr	PAST	I crumpled a little bit , and Chess leaned in , close to me .
tr	PRES	A massive old pile up north from here .
tr	PAST	She motioned with one hand .
tr	PRES	" No more sleeping medicine . "
tr	PAST	Instead , for the first time , she preferred the immediate present .
tr	PAST	Panic washed over Lauren .
tr	PRES	It would 've been easier for me , I add to myself .
tr	PAST	We were then ambushed by English dragoons .
tr	PAST	" He received word that the duchess was crowned today in Rennes . "
tr	PRES	" Now you behave with my sister , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head forward , unable to breathe .
tr	PAST	We skipped stones across the creek , which sounds dumb but it wasn 't .
tr	PAST	She motioned to one of the bar stools .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Beth shrieked at Brody .
tr	PAST	Logan presses his forehead against mine , his breathing shallow .
tr	PRES	I apologise if I startled you , but you have also startled me .
tr	PAST	A guard by the curtains motioned to Rema .
tr	PAST	Upon seeing Chris , the dog leaped onto his chest and began licking what must have looked to him like candy splotches from his face .
tr	PAST	I calculated the odds I had of getting her to pull over and let me drive .
tr	PAST	" Taste me , " he grunted , and I looked up at him with a perplexed expression .
tr	PRES	So I lean forward and kiss him , ignoring the sharp guilt that attacks my conscience .
tr	PRES	Dudley clears his throat .
tr	PRES	She yawns and stifles it behind her hand .
tr	PRES	" Elizabeth ... I 'm sorry , " Emma whispers as she begins to cry uncontrollably .
tr	PRES	" I know , lass .
tr	PAST	Max massaged her arms with his hands .
tr	PRES	" In a more ambiguous , more complicated , and more dangerous world than the Cold War .
tr	PRES	Wilf reaches for Viola 's bag and holds it open .
tr	PRES	It rises and falls with the rain .
tr	PAST	Luke 's polite face dissolved into horror as my face crumpled against my will .
tr	PAST	Slowly , and with more control than I realized he possessed , he extended his fangs to her .
tr	PRES	Mom scoots away slightly on the bed and gives me a tired smile .
tr	PAST	Byron extended his hand to help her to her feet .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears from her face and offer a reserved smile .
tr	PRES	She sees an oasis ahead , and leads them to it .
tr	PAST	Anna volunteered to help with the shopping but so far no one knew what still needed to be purchased .
tr	PAST	The man crumpled backward , half his skull shattering away .
tr	PRES	While my dad climbs into the driver 's seat , Six touches my arm .
tr	PAST	She regarded both sisters .
tr	PAST	She sobbed , heaving in the rhythm of their frantic , pounding pace .
tr	PRES	He carries your backpack for you .
tr	PAST	I chided him about missing rehearsal with the guys , and he laughed and rolled his eyes at me again .
tr	PAST	" I proved to you and the whole damn world that a Madison could be as successful as a Harte . "
tr	PAST	Danica 's pulse sped up as she thought about Kaylie and Blake together .
tr	PAST	Not wanting to take risks , Tania preferred to keep her rhythm and kept throwing jabs at Lea .
tr	PRES	" Let 's go , " I urge Day .
tr	PRES	" She wears boys ' clothes . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , as if bracing herself against an attack .
tr	PRES	Wearing nothing but an apron , some red scraps of lace that barely covered her perfect dancer 's body , and a pair of cowboy boots ?
tr	PAST	The blue smoke swirled to the ceiling as the weak morning light shone through the dirty window of his small bedroom .
tr	PAST	He sensed her fear .
tr	PRES	Everything around me floats away as horror slams down hard on my shoulders , making my knees buckle , and forcing me to the floor .
tr	PRES	I assume Samantha told you about Karen ? "
tr	PAST	Stella 's face split into a smile , showing teeth .
tr	PAST	he enquired of his old friend , letting the heavy throne room doors swing shut again without entering .
tr	PRES	It tastes worse than it looks .
tr	PRES	" The apartment opens to the living area .
tr	PRES	" More than that , Isabella . "
tr	PAST	Relief washed through her .
tr	PAST	" My teacher forgot to give us homework , " Nate mumbled , walking from the room .
tr	PAST	" Come inside , Don and I hooked up with some Mayville girls , and I think we 've got a chance to score . "
tr	PAST	She smacked his head .
tr	PRES	She opens it and reads it silently .
tr	PRES	" He deserves to die ! "
tr	PRES	Some areas hunted them down to make them slaves or , as some documents indicated , pets .
tr	PRES	He tends to specialise in development of new fuels and how to convert certain fuels into other types .
tr	PAST	" Now help me get this mess cleaned up . "
tr	PRES	My stomach twitches in response .
tr	PAST	" I 'm leaving , " Webster stated but then hesitated , looking at Julia , obviously hoping she 'd stop him .
tr	PRES	I recall Daddy saying he could spend this third doing whatever he wanted .
tr	PAST	" Charlotte , " Calvin breathed , positioning himself on one elbow so he could look down at me .
tr	PAST	I thanked her and let her lead me out of the kitchen and up to one of the upstairs bathrooms .
tr	PRES	" But what about my ... mistakes ? "
tr	PRES	His bow , that is .
tr	PRES	" A specialist ? "
tr	PRES	CHAPTER TEN " You can what ? "
tr	PAST	Blue fire spewed from the wound .
tr	PAST	We obtained this land from them . "
tr	PAST	They even extended the courtesy of showing interest they clearly didn 't feel .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Her mouth falls open .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Nicole , " he begs .
tr	PAST	Ali never washed ashore because she didn 't die in the fall .
tr	PRES	I recall that a man in the sea cave assisted me in my quest .
tr	PRES	Nora purses her lips and nods slowly .
tr	PAST	The bullet leaped out of the smoking revolver and shot straight towards Cindy .
tr	PRES	She points it at them .
tr	PRES	" Same thing with the blue BMW the second morning . "
tr	PRES	" Everything ok ? "
tr	PRES	" For the moment the secret Jason has learned remains his burden alone .
tr	PAST	Alexei 's good cheer dimmed .
tr	PRES	" Is my appearance correct for that ? "
tr	PAST	I programmed it as a comparator of optical isomers for a first step in trying to detect where and how our instincts are imprinted on us . "
tr	PRES	Your son stands to be King of the largest empire in the world .
tr	PRES	" As it stands ... . . "
tr	PAST	The LED readout identified the caller as Danny .
tr	PRES	" But for some reason , he tastes like pickles . "
tr	PRES	I lean over and kiss him .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PAST	Cooper thanked the doctor for her consideration , said he 'd be in touch , and left .
tr	PRES	Then : ' For Bread and Freedom ! '
tr	PAST	The floors gleamed and a wide , sweeping stairway curved toward the second floor .
tr	PAST	Civil war resulted , from which he emerged as the unrivaled leader of Rome .
tr	PAST	He sought refuge in the first taxi he could find and judging by the shabby state of it , he wished he 'd taken the limo .
tr	PRES	Well , I got ta go , " she winds up the conversation .
tr	PAST	The Alamo glowed in the bright lights .
tr	PRES	He lies down on the floor leaving only a few feet of space between us .
tr	PAST	" Oh , boy , " Perry countered .
tr	PRES	" But what about Graham ? "
tr	PAST	Using the excuse that they needed keep their voices low so no one would hear , Rema scooted closer to him .
tr	PRES	" Your father loves you . "
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " I hiss back .
tr	PRES	" Because you keep avoiding her and interrupting her whenever she tries to talk to you !
tr	PAST	I hopped in my car and rode off to my future .
tr	PAST	" I know that look , Sam , " Steve rasped .
tr	PRES	" Well , it was him , " he corrects .
tr	PAST	The son bore little physical resemblance to the father .
tr	PRES	" And be careful , " Sarah tries to add , but Grayson is already gone .
tr	PAST	Jack even painted her .
tr	PRES	Isaac fel back , already feeling a weakness in his body .
tr	PRES	" Long spears ! "
tr	PRES	" Not to leave us panicking .
tr	PRES	" Over here , " I shout .
tr	PRES	" She belongs here .
tr	PAST	She dove at him , trying to knock the gun from his grasp , but he pushed her back and then leveled it right at her chest .
tr	PAST	I sped around the circumference of the island until I saw The Black Bell in the distance , moored in the harbor .
tr	PRES	She chalked it up to habit or as an unnecessary precaution on Jack 's part and jumped into the reason for her visit .
tr	PAST	But still my stomach churned at the prospect of meeting him face to face again .
tr	PAST	She announced the start of the club 's open mic night , resulting in a boisterous round of applause .
tr	PAST	" I 'm here for Lilith , " he announced , holding a stake out to the side so they could see it .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and I flinch before I realize he 's just handing me his bottle of water .
tr	PAST	The train sped on , out of its undersea tunnel and onto the plains of France .
tr	PRES	She loves to startle people . '
tr	PRES	He just chews on them until they break into pieces . "
tr	PAST	" I must be talented indeed to be able to do that from here , " Tessa joked .
tr	PAST	Lodge uttered thoughtfully after slowly removing the pipe from his mouth .
tr	PRES	A woman stands behind her , touching Kira 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	At first I lean on Jase 's shoulder , then he bows his head and it dips lower and lower .
tr	PAST	Nick smacked his forehead .
tr	PRES	" Ah , you , poor dreamer , grieving for your lost humanity ; would you not be redeemed ? "
tr	PAST	I never doubted you for a minute . "
tr	PAST	But not too soon , she prayed .
tr	PAST	With a start , I withdrew my teeth and leaned up to look into Cade 's face .
tr	PRES	Besides , Georgina likes it . "
tr	PRES	According to our information , your organization currently holds one of the coveted fragments of Damiano 's Disk .
tr	PAST	Mr. Messer emerged from the shadows with three velum documents folded once in the center .
tr	PRES	He falls into a woman behind him , and then her boyfriend starts swinging .
tr	PAST	A single tear painted Mai 's right cheek .
tr	PRES	" Your mom - " James begins .
tr	PAST	" Nicole has sailed on my ship in the Great Circle Race , " Jason announced without preamble when he stood in front of her .
tr	PRES	Serena glances out at the werewolf , dripping with cold seawater , as she stands .
tr	PRES	" Fetch my slippers , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	The dogs tensed , their tails standing up , their eyes following her every move .
tr	PAST	I eyed her now , trying to assess where we stood .
tr	PRES	I yell , the storm raging and rushing through me , the wind stirring up my guilt .
tr	PAST	He yawned hugely , and added in a more matter of fact tone , " Maybe I just need some sleep . "
tr	PAST	She collapsed against me as I cut down the other rope and I quickly wrapped my other arm around her back to steady her .
tr	PAST	" Why , you ... " A raven brow flicked upward .
tr	PRES	If she refuses to go ? "
tr	PAST	Sometimes , I prayed for death .
tr	PAST	Akiva retreated , keeping Karou behind him .
tr	PRES	" Roland hates me . "
tr	PAST	" Aren 't we being pursued ? "
tr	PAST	She collapsed onto her bed with a smile bigger than Texas plastered across her face .
tr	PRES	She gasped and fell onto the bed , her pitch black eyes spinning wildly .
tr	PRES	He releases my arm and shakes the front of his jacket , sending raindrops everywhere .
tr	PAST	He tensed and looked out the window .
tr	PAST	I almost literally slapped myself when that thought crossed through .
tr	PRES	" And ... oh , god ... and what would that be ? "
tr	PRES	" Mum , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Of course your father loves you . "
tr	PRES	His skin shone with sweat .
tr	PRES	" Alec blames me for messing up the smooth operation of his executive staff .
tr	PRES	She sighs and nods , then breathes deeply and relaxes .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Jakob .
tr	PRES	Alec stumbled back , his breathing ragged .
tr	PRES	The men exchange glances , and then one by one stepped into the portal and disappeared .
tr	PAST	Preston 's steps slowed .
tr	PAST	He confidently saluted Derek .
tr	PRES	I sneer , shaking my curls , blinking my eyelashes , whispering for my eardrums , only .
tr	PAST	Goose bumps crawled up my arms .
tr	PAST	The transparent tricks he had loved to play on his older brother .
tr	PRES	the woman tries , running an eye over the girl .
tr	PAST	As I got out of the limo , I adjusted my tie that she messed with .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Warmth glowed in her belly as she stumbled back toward the main house where Agnes was tiptoeing around the deeper drifts .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the end of his sleeve .
tr	PAST	He tried moving towards her , arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	She stomped in place and flapped her arms , trying to generate warmth .
tr	PRES	She deserves so much .
tr	PRES	I rip it in half and drop the two pieces on the floor .
tr	PAST	Emery flicked on the cigarette lighter , bent down , and lit the cotton rag in the top of the gin .
tr	PAST	Angry now , he stormed out of the house and slammed the door , but he didn 't feel any better for having vented his irritation .
tr	PRES	" On the contrary , I detect that she loves me deeply , yet is afraid to show it .
tr	PRES	" You don 't kill , " the Black Jester offers as consolation .
tr	PAST	His accent had deepened .
tr	PAST	His fingers lingered over the blade reverently .
tr	PAST	We exited the building and found ourselves in the warm sunshine .
tr	PAST	He flicked up a couple of websites that offered tenuous links to what they were after .
tr	PAST	He replaced the weapon and got out some medical supplies .
tr	PAST	Marcus unfolded the paper and began scanning the page .
tr	PAST	Deb eyed the bags slung over Cole 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Tears of laughter sought for me to wipe them off by dripping down my wrinkled nose .
tr	PAST	Mr. Ikeda later fondly referred to these sessions , which occurred on Sundays and weekdays , as ' Toda University . '
tr	PAST	Snow reflected off the clouds and illuminated part of the woods .
tr	PRES	She mumbled a disbelief in magic and witches .
tr	PAST	Her tantalizing mouth taunted and teased , God her mouth was sweet .
tr	PRES	Pete stands up and goes to get a fork for one of the other boys .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me .
tr	PRES	Undertake Me He wears khakis and a blue oxford shirt .
tr	PRES	" You approve of that ?
tr	PRES	The door opens with three runes : the two we have and another one that looks like a cat or something . "
tr	PRES	He draws me in close , takes my right hand in his , and places his other arm around my waist .
tr	PAST	He stares us all down as he adjusts his fancy eyewear .
tr	PRES	Viktor lets out a deep , heavy breath and brings his bare hands up in front of him , balling them into fists .
tr	PRES	Servants reappear with a second round of the delicious morsel .
tr	PRES	" My mom likes the thermostat set to freezing .
tr	PRES	March fills me like he used to , easily , softly , and it takes all my will to school my features .
tr	PRES	All of them intricate setups , but for some reason , Carson inviting me to the tree house to ask me pulled at my heartstrings .
tr	PRES	He signals to the Dauntless traitors by the door , but there is no need .
tr	PAST	Her shoulders tensed , and Sabine glanced around the trolley car 's interior .
tr	PRES	" It changes everything , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	" The Persian Wars ? "
tr	PRES	Jase folds his arms , leaning back against the fence , smiling at me , a flash of white in the dark .
tr	PAST	She flung open the door to the staircase and ran down two flights until she got to her dormitory floor .
tr	PRES	Let 's analyze that !
tr	PAST	He experienced fewer juxtaposed and jumbled memory flashes .
tr	PAST	The damage revealed something else , however .
tr	PAST	After getting cleaned up , we hopped on the golf cart and made our ways to Colt and Van 's place .
tr	PAST	" ... Bitch , " she giggled , but she didn 't allow the giggle to pass her lips .
tr	PRES	Bob stands back , allowing me distance .
tr	PAST	Why would I have risked standing out ? "
tr	PRES	Once that fire gets going , it tends to get out of control real quick . "
tr	PRES	" You recall when her friends told us that she had been , at one time , subject to some sort of brainwashing scheme ? "
tr	PAST	Her frown deepened as she stared at the screen .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the satin bow in a potted fern , the ribbon 's texture reminding her of the gown she 'd foolishly donned earlier .
tr	PRES	A strange look passes between him and the woman .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through my ear and the side of my head .
tr	PAST	" Back up , " Gabriel advised gruffly .
tr	PRES	" You could have married another woman , " she teased .
tr	PRES	She still remembers her grumpy grandfather watching television from his rocking chair .
tr	PRES	He chuckles to himself , setting down a bag of takeout on the table .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the steam deeply into his lungs .
tr	PRES	His eyes snap up at me .
tr	PAST	I appraised them , regarding them with more appreciation than I had before .
tr	PAST	The darkness snaked onto the floor looking for its victim .
tr	PAST	She had to make sure he was okay Gripping the steering wheel with icy fingers , she inhaled a calming breath .
tr	PAST	She prayed to herself ; maybe they 'll take pity on his soul .
tr	PRES	Stop fighting , you idiot .
tr	PAST	" Sweetheart ... " Her brow pinched in emphasis . "
tr	PRES	" Officer Ambrose ? "
tr	PAST	The expression served him well when people tried to sell him things .
tr	PRES	" No paper , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Emotions tell you that you 're alive , " he countered .
tr	PRES	Ramon lets out a shaky breath .
tr	PRES	He brings good fortune to crops and livestock .
tr	PAST	Vlad grunted in a way that made Kira think he and Bones weren 't close , but that was hardly her concern .
tr	PRES	Are the palace defences armed ? "
tr	PRES	She reaches into her purse and pulls out her makeup bag .
tr	PRES	Then I dive into the pool in my bra and panties .
tr	PRES	This one holds a particular thrill because I know it 's Trick .
tr	PRES	Wilder 's sigh brings me back to the present and he asks , " Where 's your car ? "
tr	PRES	" Way more hurtful , but I still love him . "
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ! "
tr	PAST	Archer tipped back in his chair and whistled softly .
tr	PAST	She hopped off his lap to search for her clothes .
tr	PAST	He giggled , tilting his head as if he were being shy .
tr	PAST	Lissa , an exotic African American , provided the connection between the two worlds with her poetic monologues and interaction with the archival video footage .
tr	PAST	Stepping back , Geary eyed him warily .
tr	PRES	He blames me for the close watch he 's been under these past few weeks , the additional pills .
tr	PAST	A sexy grin tipped his lips .
tr	PAST	He holstered his pistol and called to the others , " Mount up !
tr	PAST	They collapsed on the bench at the sidelines .
tr	PRES	" My father teach me .
tr	PRES	My father exhales , rubbing his forehead .
tr	PAST	The helicopter lifted off , a thundering whirr of blades , and the paper and trash of the dump swirled in circles beneath them .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , snatching the costume off the chair and covering herself .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Ash whispered , obviously eager for her to go on .
tr	PAST	She pinched my ribs , and I grunted .
tr	PAST	She sought her mind for something to say to cheer them both , raising the pasty to her lips as she did .
tr	PAST	Fitch replayed the conversation as he waited for her phone to be located .
tr	PAST	" You dreamed of me ? "
tr	PRES	" Wha ' ? "
tr	PAST	" Don 't know , we were just trying to figure that out , " piped up Ricky .
tr	PAST	Her heart leaped into her throat , nearly choking her with the force of its pounding .
tr	PAST	At least the settings matched .
tr	PAST	Seeing a flashing vacancy sign high atop an approaching hill , we slowed to pull over and head toward it .
tr	PAST	The fact that this might possibly be the man responsible for ripping off my mom only urged me to higher levels of patience .
tr	PAST	Gabriel swiftly stripped that away from me .
tr	PRES	The Queen smiled softly ; the woman has told me what I needed to know , she loves my son .
tr	PRES	Smoke fills the kitchen , dense and white like the murderous twin of the afternoon fog .
tr	PAST	Still attempting to gasp air into her lungs , she collapsed to her knees .
tr	PRES	The idea of Monroe dying terrifies me , as if I 'll somehow be alone without him .
tr	PAST	We drove south to Tillamook , stopping at the cheese factory for ice cream before heading east , the sun dipping toward the horizon behind us .
tr	PRES	" At lunch she confronted me about why I was being so distant today .
tr	PRES	I mutter to myself .
tr	PRES	He beamed , like a child admitting they 'd won first prize in a competition .
tr	PRES	I lean my upper body closer to her , eating up most of the space that separates us .
tr	PRES	All the people , all the sounds , all the world fades .
tr	PRES	" We should get out of here , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Finally , they arrive at the proper dock .
tr	PRES	" Oh , my dear heavens . "
tr	PAST	He groped for the lamp .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her hold on Mille 's slim , hairy wrist , dragging his arm across her shoulders .
tr	PAST	I received a dubious look , and she took another step forward , peering into my eyes as if she could see the truth in them .
tr	PAST	Ali flicked the ash .
tr	PRES	She compelled me . "
tr	PRES	Perfect little Annie who could disrupt his life and destroy his dreams .
tr	PRES	My tongue slides over my top teeth .
tr	PRES	" Did you just insult me ? "
tr	PRES	" On a scale of one to ten , be honest with me Gray , how scared should I be ? "
tr	PAST	I inched even closer , hating that I was kind of spying on her , but not able to stand not knowing .
tr	PAST	He plopped the remaining brownie into his mouth as he grinned , standing there motionless , only his mouth moving as he tasted the magnificent dessert .
tr	PRES	I assume he will also defend you to the best of his ability in these proceedings as well .
tr	PRES	Mom stands , anxious over my sudden movement .
tr	PAST	" Oh , his crew elected Gray Wolf as their captain . "
tr	PAST	Father Antony ceased stammering .
tr	PAST	I lied and told him that it was because I enjoyed the long walks .
tr	PAST	She actually glowed as the merry tinkle of money filled her ears .
tr	PRES	But even after I closed my eyes , numbers danced behind my eyelids .
tr	PRES	She begins to kick violently at the hand that holds her wrist .
tr	PAST	She giggled , off balance .
tr	PRES	Unless the water rises fast where it never reached into the past .
tr	PRES	My jaw twitches as it tightens more .
tr	PAST	Cautiously , the scrawny little predators inched forward , ribs protruding over matted wisps of fur .
tr	PRES	The weight returns to his eyes , and his brief moment of intimacy fades as he steps away and fiddles with the edge of his gloves .
tr	PAST	I trusted Christina to take up this mission when I thought I would die , so it seemed stupid not to trust her now .
tr	PRES	My other hand slides down her neck , leaving a hot trail as I feel my way along her wet clothes and body down to her hips .
tr	PRES	" It always helps when I wish to intimidate Savannah 's father . "
tr	PRES	" Tell me the truth , Katie .
tr	PRES	Danny stands to the side and watches the swagger , banter , and anguish .
tr	PAST	" Block C. Cell 33 , " he stated .
tr	PAST	Once she was finished , she collapsed to the grass .
tr	PRES	Alec loves me and even if he hated me , he wouldn 't be the kind of guy to let someone get hurt .
tr	PRES	' I um ... I have to give you this .
tr	PRES	" This is going to be more difficult than I thought , " I mumbled as I left .
tr	PRES	A dull laugh rattles from me .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry about Pierce , " Tiberius advised Jane as he rose himself .
tr	PAST	Bob presses his face against the window and then goes to the left .
tr	PRES	" My every thought and action begins with Kali 's happiness . "
tr	PAST	Of course , she never dared to play like that for her parents , or they would freak the frick out out .
tr	PRES	I rip open paper and smile at my presents .
tr	PAST	At the mention of my parents , I tensed again .
tr	PRES	Cold water washes over the ankles of my boots .
tr	PAST	The sky featured two suns and numerous moons .
tr	PRES	' I ... err ... ' he stammered .
tr	PRES	Everyone likes doing stuff they 're good at , right ? "
tr	PAST	He also organized the fire parties , food and water distribution , and gathering clothing and found homes for those who were burned out .
tr	PAST	' I 'm sorry Peter , I just froze . '
tr	PRES	Our grandfather helps fund upkeep by allowing access to private travel companies booking holiday packages .
tr	PAST	The massive beast cocked his heads and stared at her .
tr	PRES	Given that you didn 't , I assume that the rebellion is over . "
tr	PAST	Without breaking eye contact , he motioned toward a door over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Then he dumps them onto the bed , and we start to count .
tr	PAST	" Damn " I whispered and Nellie giggled .
tr	PRES	" He tries to be happy .
tr	PRES	" Just let us wash up and we 'll be ready to eat . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't have that kind of pull , " I volunteer before he can accuse me of holding back .
tr	PRES	" All kinds of seafood .
tr	PRES	I hiss my age at him , not wanting everyone around me to hear .
tr	PRES	" What kind of proof ? "
tr	PAST	" Aren 't we just the image of a country gentleman , " he uttered softly , mimicking the flowing Irish accent of the old man .
tr	PAST	The tiny golden glints glowed against the brown of her eyes , and her dark brows were drawn together in clear consternation .
tr	PRES	Nora 's head snaps back and before I can stop her , she stalks over to my mother and stares down at her .
tr	PRES	Can you add enough to double our official capacity ? "
tr	PAST	Not that Donovan had volunteered anything in the way of information .
tr	PAST	When a few candles were finally brought in most everyone seized the opportunity to find their coats and depart .
tr	PAST	At any moment he feared the boat might overturn , but it continued on smooth and steady .
tr	PRES	Everyone hates the library here . "
tr	PAST	He inhaled then before he realized it the words began pouring out of his mouth .
tr	PRES	" One moment you feel there is no hope , no way out , and the next , the entire world opens up for you . "
tr	PRES	It helps my premenstrual symptoms be less severe .
tr	PRES	" It looks like it will take a few days Diana , " Jaimie comments .
tr	PAST	We finally alighted from the carriage .
tr	PAST	" We 're almost there , " I announced , giving him a sharp poke in the belly .
tr	PRES	I snuck out after everyone was asleep . "
tr	PRES	And a few other demon tricks .
tr	PAST	The king motioned with his hand .
tr	PRES	Seth sighs and then , giving a push with his hands , he dismounts from the windowsill and falls into the snow .
tr	PRES	" Why , hello again , Amelie !
tr	PRES	Her captor was enormously strong , his grip unbreakable .
tr	PAST	" It will be a memory to treasure , " she advised .
tr	PAST	Alexis slapped his friend on the shoulder , " Stay in touch then . "
tr	PAST	She swiped up pieces that had broken off the lamp and cut at him .
tr	PAST	Murdoch methodically described this into his recorder .
tr	PAST	Julian glanced at Cassie , his eyes warming slightly as he squeezed her shoulder gently , his hand lingered briefly upon her shoulder before falling reluctantly away .
tr	PRES	Chase thought , his hope vanishing quickly .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the phone in his pocket and headed inside the ship .
tr	PAST	You trusted me without a second thought . "
tr	PAST	I eyed the eggs , bacon , and pancakes .
tr	PAST	There he stopped short , wavered for a moment and then dropped to his knees , where he began to weep .
tr	PRES	" Our friend Blake is with us also but he 's out at the moment , " I add .
tr	PRES	The woman purses her lips at me , obviously getting sick of dealing with a girl who doesn 't want to play dress-up .
tr	PAST	Immediately they awoke , but did not move .
tr	PAST	asked Henry " Light , " replied Abe giggling a little letting the excitement of their trip making her almost giddy .
tr	PRES	That begs the question - what do you have in common ?
tr	PRES	Checking a score before bedtime , BOOM iPhone .
tr	PAST	Rena withdrew her hand and asked , " Did Maddy say something to you ? "
tr	PAST	Foul brown liquid sloshed under the tapestry and onto Emelia 's worn leather shoes , soaking the chapped material with debris and dirt .
tr	PAST	Eventually , it stabilized .
tr	PAST	Paul tipped his head again , first at Juliet , then me .
tr	PRES	The name clutches at my stomach .
tr	PAST	I wrap my hands around the teacup , the heat my only grasp on reality , on this world that is so different from all the others .
tr	PAST	I made my plans then I executed them .
tr	PRES	" A bunch . "
tr	PAST	She pursued the subject with interest .
tr	PAST	The doctor wheels the tray over to where I 'm sitting and pulls the rolling chair over as well .
tr	PRES	He likes to hear their screams . "
tr	PRES	" Dr. Jones . "
tr	PAST	He steadied himself as the reckless animal came ever closer , ready to let fly if need be .
tr	PAST	I shuffled to the kitchen , sat down , and told Lola I would drive her to the office today .
tr	PAST	In great fear she fled from that place , her tears raining upon the ground as she ran .
tr	PRES	" Oh , here we go , " the boy chuckles , rolling his eyes .
tr	PRES	You usually sing her praises .
tr	PAST	She glowed even more radiantly than she normally did as a morbid fairy girl fashionista .
tr	PRES	I wipe my sweaty palms on my dress .
tr	PAST	The Square served as the final boundary of the civilized world .
tr	PRES	A singer on stage , backed by a small orchestra working to evoke the feel of the big band era crooned about apple trees and lost loves .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around him tight .
tr	PAST	The way her suggestions bounced right off him harmlessly .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate the size of the Congo , Mr. Young .
tr	PAST	The faeries froze him with ice , or burned him with heat .
tr	PRES	Boggs taps his head .
tr	PRES	I huddle into Pox 's chest , whispering .
tr	PAST	She stormed out of the office .
tr	PAST	Tears carved out paths down her reddening cheeks .
tr	PAST	" How pleasant to see you .
tr	PRES	She stops directly in front of him , but Monroe keeps his eyes downcast .
tr	PAST	The next morning she received her second knock and even enjoyed a polite hesitation before the door opened .
tr	PRES	" The electric ? "
tr	PRES	Then he lets out an uneven breath and runs a hand through his blonde hair .
tr	PAST	Apollo inhaled sharply as he stared at her .
tr	PRES	" I assume one or both of you are waiting for me ? "
tr	PRES	She couldn " t say the words .
tr	PRES	Sending underhanded hints that I am indeed not what they were expecting .
tr	PRES	" Speaking of favorite words ... " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	" Carol Freeman . "
tr	PRES	He snorts a laugh .
tr	PRES	" Jack , " said Pane happily , " my client wishes for Mr. Noel to submit to psychological counseling .
tr	PAST	Her bright smile dimmed when she finally looked up and saw Jim sitting at my dining table .
tr	PRES	He flinches at the remembrance .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together , holding back a secret .
tr	PRES	Crawley tries to catch his breath and settle down a little .
tr	PAST	But he doubted she 'd ever go to the expense of a makeover .
tr	PAST	For a moment I feared that loss of time .
tr	PRES	I shout , my breathing erratic .
tr	PRES	A girls ' day shopping . "
tr	PRES	" I can help , " he offers .
tr	PRES	Tonight you like tequila . "
tr	PAST	If she was going to lose her mind , she much preferred losing it with Vane than with an ugly monster thing who could barely speak .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Terror clutched me and froze me to the spot .
tr	PRES	She hears her latte is up , walks to pick it up , turns to go and bumps into Joey .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head toward the ground and shook it . "
tr	PRES	Are you deaf ? "
tr	PAST	Officer Wheeler will stay here with you , " John motioned to Walter .
tr	PRES	" It strikes me , Lewis , that you 've been very wasteful of lives . "
tr	PAST	The women and families of the camp , who had come to minister to the soldiers , retreated toward the ocean 's shore .
tr	PAST	" I know , baby , I know , " he mumbled between kisses , nudging me back toward his bed .
tr	PRES	There was no mark , though , no cal uses to give evidence of anything being worn there recently .
tr	PRES	" What about surveillance video ? "
tr	PRES	Some revel in the kill or the struggle and do not place proper compulsion on their donors .
tr	PRES	If he 's going to take my spot , he at least owes it to me not to hold back .
tr	PRES	A violin solo wove its haunting notes in the air , sad and lonely and exquisite .
tr	PRES	Emma climbs into the white dress with the yellow hibiscus flowers upon them and looks into the small mirror next to the dresser in the studio .
tr	PRES	" So that explains your snippy behavior . "
tr	PAST	A blankness invaded every part of me , wiping out everything in its path .
tr	PRES	" It remains connected to you .
tr	PAST	I preferred being challenging . '
tr	PAST	Monique screeched to a halt in the adjoining parking lot .
tr	PRES	They huddle together like sheep around the same small stock of opinions . "
tr	PAST	We beamed down for the origin and found it in that commune .
tr	PAST	Either you quit with the reign of terror or I 'll make you .
tr	PAST	+ + + + + + + + + + The Yellow cab slowly inched along the departures lane of the Knoxville airport .
tr	PRES	Someone begs her to jump , so she does , falling to her death .
tr	PAST	The shadows lessened slightly as they rounded a corner and the whole atmosphere seemed a lot lighter .
tr	PAST	Chapter Fourteen Eva I should be working , but I 'm researching instead .
tr	PAST	Subconsciously , I tugged the newsboy cap lower , shielding my face .
tr	PAST	His heart sped up a bit .
tr	PRES	The prophecy mentions a mountain bursting on crimson tides .
tr	PAST	" Drew , it 's Mandalay again , " she announced in the wake of the start tone .
tr	PRES	But all foul , all rotting , all dead .
tr	PRES	* * * Me and Ben were off again .
tr	PRES	A gust of wind climbs into my clothes then , wraps itself around my bones .
tr	PAST	She tensed when he pushed away from the doorway and dropped into the seat across from hers .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me . "
tr	PAST	The little band re-entered the forest following each other like a line of soldiers .
tr	PAST	Tearing aside the sheets , Colette leaped out of bed and raced down the stairs so fast her bare feet slipped on the carpeted steps .
tr	PAST	Chapter 3 Laci gritted her teeth as she unlocked her car door .
tr	PRES	Her heart leaped in anticipation , impatient to see his handsome face , bask in the warmth of his presence .
tr	PRES	His left brow arches .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Katherine .
tr	PAST	Hunter cocked his head .
tr	PAST	His fingers weaved into her silken hair .
tr	PRES	A reporter begins a broadcast , " This is Alina Baxter for WBC news reporting on location here in Wheaton , Illinois .
tr	PAST	His chest still bore the phantom feel of her touch , his skin warm under the stiff fabric .
tr	PAST	He tugged the comforter over them .
tr	PAST	One thought , however , troubled her .
tr	PAST	The monk proceeded forward and quickly vanished .
tr	PRES	" Well it 's about time you drug your love sick tail in here , " Amanda teased .
tr	PRES	" Um , yeah , you too ... um ... " " Carson , " he filled in , bristling .
tr	PAST	Sophia sensed the sudden increase in Luc 's heartbeat .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a light shone into our hideout .
tr	PAST	She averted her face quickly , stared outside , but her cheeks went pink .
tr	PRES	" So ... um . "
tr	PAST	The bell chimed as I stepped in .
tr	PRES	Then he rises to his feet , and I see that it 's just Hyde .
tr	PRES	" Guns scare the crap out of him , but good luck getting him to admit it .
tr	PRES	Lies , all lies .
tr	PAST	Gloria floated closer to the table .
tr	PAST	Smiling , she pinched my stomach .
tr	PRES	" YOU DID THIS !
tr	PRES	It just ... strikes .
tr	PAST	He tugged his sleeve back down .
tr	PRES	Sebastian clears his throat and shines the torch onto the imposing wooden desk he has revealed .
tr	PAST	Then the raptors smashed down the door .
tr	PRES	He stands next to my hospital bed and leans in with a deadly serious expression .
tr	PAST	When I first noticed I was different , I retreated into myself , avoiding her out of fear .
tr	PRES	Stern and terrible shone that face that the sunset lit with fire .
tr	PRES	" Lilly lets me use it . "
tr	PAST	As he walked , Lawrence rummaged in his pocket for a quarter .
tr	PRES	" Very promising . "
tr	PAST	His cell beeped again , and he glanced at the emergency text from his brother .
tr	PRES	He lifts my chin with his finger , draws me towards him as though it were a dare .
tr	PRES	My gentle tug brings her flush against my chest , and the weight of her settles against me and feels so right .
tr	PAST	It replaced an older oath whose language was very martial in tone and that focused mostly on the fact that Shadowhunters are good at killing things .
tr	PAST	But my mother intervened , and , well ... the engagement never happened .
tr	PAST	Celine 's smile fled .
tr	PRES	I fort - thought all of you knew that now .
tr	PAST	Instead he thoughtfully eyed her slim back , rapidly adjusting his impressions .
tr	PRES	He likes to do that , reach out at the last moment .
tr	PRES	" What about - " Izzy points to the teacup .
tr	PRES	She hisses inches from his face .
tr	PAST	They both withdrew into a more densely vegetated area before whispering their findings .
tr	PRES	" Is there a place to buy kitchen supplies and pans ? "
tr	PAST	The captain scoffed , " you are a bold little magpie , boy !
tr	PRES	" Small world , " he murmurs as his finger runs horizontally along the writing .
tr	PRES	Hana 's whole face changes .
tr	PRES	" Uncle Albert ! "
tr	PRES	" Look at this , " he announces .
tr	PAST	Now McBride acted as though he thought he had shaken the tail .
tr	PAST	The bed bounced as he left the bed to go to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Smiling at the top , she giggled .
tr	PRES	" How thoughtful of you , " Emerson snarls , his face turning bright red .
tr	PAST	The conflict created split consciousnesses .
tr	PRES	" Just some crazy old dude who insisted I look at some flyers I 've never heard of .
tr	PAST	" Cover fire , " Simpson 's voice boomed over the battalion net .
tr	PRES	" The pig ! "
tr	PAST	Naomi Zeigler and Riley Wolfe emerged from the library , glaring at them .
tr	PRES	" At least I didn 't get kicked out , " Lawrence mutters under his breath .
tr	PRES	Rising quickly to leave , his hand grasps mine .
tr	PRES	Night brings different laws to the world ; my primal soul knows that .
tr	PRES	I assume you are happy to consent to publicity too .
tr	PAST	She described how her parents , both from good Norwegian families , made certain their three children knew their heritage .
tr	PAST	One night during that first summer , Ambrose sensed Anna approaching naked from the master 's room and bending over him .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not frightened , I 'm annoyed , " I announced .
tr	PRES	I gloss over this part of the story because I can 't remember much about it .
tr	PAST	He thanked him , his voice cracking slightly , and turned to quickly walk away .
tr	PAST	Without giving myself a chance to change my mind , I clutched James 's hand and disappeared .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Jess .
tr	PRES	I lean in , my voice low .
tr	PRES	Paul woke slowly , his mind groggily separating itself from his dreams .
tr	PAST	Another woman emerged from a blue van parked at the curb , and helped hustle Amanda into the back of the van .
tr	PAST	You petting me helped .
tr	PAST	She scooted closer to me , until the length of our bodies were pressed together .
tr	PAST	Put up a decent performance , he advised himself .
tr	PRES	My stomach flips and I pray my face does not betray me with a blush .
tr	PAST	The boy froze and rolled his eyes toward the only other barber in the shop .
tr	PAST	The giant 's eyes immediately flicked to one of the blank monitors , and I knew she could see my reflection there .
tr	PRES	The highest level houses the speakers designated for this particular area .
tr	PAST	Her thin hands clasped each other tightly .
tr	PRES	" He talks nonsense , this conversation sheds no new light on the recent attacks .
tr	PAST	Her thoughts tormented her as she paced the jail cell .
tr	PAST	" You 're so cute , " he taunted .
tr	PAST	He freaked out and slapped me .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , to make sure , I phoned my wife .
tr	PAST	The beast charged me .
tr	PRES	You know , she really likes you .
tr	PRES	March throws brooding looks over his shoulder now and then .
tr	PAST	They shrieked and screamed as they died , too , but I didn 't have time to worry about that .
tr	PAST	She shuffled through them until she found the gun .
tr	PAST	* * * Halfway through the third course , Matt 's cell phone suddenly beeped .
tr	PAST	Noelle squinted against the light of the bedside lamp and the man shifted his body so that his shadow fell across her eyes .
tr	PRES	I saw the student 's bored face first , her chin resting on the bed .
tr	PAST	I broached the surface , the monsters arms reached for me .
tr	PAST	Relief and anger washed over me simultaneously .
tr	PRES	A figure floats silently into the room , some sort of drone .
tr	PAST	The buzzing suddenly ceased , as though he 'd read my mind .
tr	PRES	" If the shoe fits . "
tr	PRES	" Interesting , " I mutter , flipping her to her stomach then climbing back between her legs .
tr	PAST	She exhaled slowly before leaning to whisper something in her dog 's ear .
tr	PRES	Being with her protects you somehow .
tr	PAST	Tegan exhaled sharply and bared his teeth in a smile that wasn 't quite friendly .
tr	PAST	I trusted you , Chase .
tr	PRES	She reaches into it and hands me a tissue .
tr	PAST	Long shadows dimmed to dusk as the sun set .
tr	PAST	On his way to the Utah lab , Colonel Steven Bradshaw phones a good friend of his at the Pentagon named Elliot Konrad .
tr	PAST	Adelle stated in shock .
tr	PRES	A secret mission brings them together , but will their attraction to each other prove deadly in their hunt for justice ?
tr	PRES	" The more you interact with him the more power you give him . "
tr	PAST	I scrolled forward , and the distortion appeared again .
tr	PRES	" And you need to take your own advice , " I add .
tr	PRES	In the daytime , a ray of sunlight shone into the tomb , making all the dust motes she stirred up swirl like falling snow .
tr	PAST	He 's sitting in an elevated chair , his shoes supported by a metal rung .
tr	PAST	And out Duncan Road , too . "
tr	PAST	Seattle scored , putting them in the lead .
tr	PAST	" I was just promoted and my boss is a slave driver , " she joked .
tr	PRES	Byron opens his mouth ... and thinks better of it .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the bottle and pours more in his glass and fills Adel 's to the top .
tr	PAST	" I don 't have any heat , " she announced , tucking the thin scarf more tightly around her ears .
tr	PAST	McCoy slowed to a walk .
tr	PRES	At first it is blue and reads ' normal , ' then flashes orange and reads ' unstable . '
tr	PAST	He inhaled the lavender fragrance of her shampoo before stepping over to the coffee maker .
tr	PAST	But then she sobered as she took in the worry in his eyes .
tr	PAST	And opted to dress , take one more sip of wine , and walk out of the room .
tr	PRES	" Come ' ere , you little bugger ! "
tr	PAST	My dust rag faltered , and I stared at the gaping hole in the platinum setting .
tr	PAST	He clutched out for a handhold as he rolled down two steps and landed on the dirt floor of the cellar .
tr	PRES	I assume it was Alex who opened the gate when I buzzed and rolled open the garage door when I pulled up to the house .
tr	PRES	" Exactly , if they are in our minds , we will connect with their minds , this I am sure , " Diana states .
tr	PRES	Adrian returns to his book , and I return to thinking about a life that I can never have .
tr	PRES	The taller one stops before him .
tr	PRES	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's grinning mischievously again .
tr	PAST	someone shrieked behind them .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Chapter 16 No Going Back Arlo stands before me , looking just as glorious as the last time I remember seeing him .
tr	PRES	" I 'm in trouble now , " Dent teased .
tr	PRES	" Andries always carries the best merchandise .
tr	PAST	Katie screeched with laughter , running toward Brian .
tr	PRES	Then an image comes to mind , I exclaim " That 's it , watercress , it tastes like watercress , quite hot , but nice " .
tr	PRES	Beth and Claire both begged .
tr	PRES	That tribe likes to send their soon-to-be warriors out on a mission to prove their manhood .
tr	PRES	' Mr Briggs . '
tr	PRES	one of them spoke , his voice more of a fading echo than the real thing .
tr	PAST	I stated , trying to fight through the memories .
tr	PAST	He grunted something dismissive .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be a hundred dollars richer by the end of the weekend , " George crowed .
tr	PRES	He digs the right toe of his boot into the sidewalk and spins , military style , to face her .
tr	PRES	" Let me guess , lets head back for dinner . "
tr	PAST	Jax cringed , clearly unready for how bad it sounded .
tr	PAST	I sensed the emotions he felt .
tr	PAST	And then the tentacles leaped !
tr	PRES	Just the thought of her being on the other side of the world in two days fills me with dread .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the door and pushes it open , letting a cool breeze in .
tr	PRES	Other processing occurs in the spinal cord , the stomach , the intestine .
tr	PRES	" The green brings out the color of your eyes and sets off your hair . "
tr	PAST	Nicolas feared his game might forever be thrown off kilter , if indeed he went ahead with this plan to attack .
tr	PAST	Squeezing my eyes shut , I exhaled a long breath .
tr	PAST	Alex shrieked his welcome at their sight , rushed to slobber on each of them equally .
tr	PAST	A silky silence caressed his bruised spirit .
tr	PAST	For the first time the demonstrations for and against the digital beings resulted in urban guerrilla war .
tr	PRES	To this day , Ariana remains my favorite character that I have created .
tr	PRES	I wiggle inside the chair then chew , swallow and burp up more cookie crumbs .
tr	PRES	My gaze drifts to his lips .
tr	PAST	The man tipped a knuckle under her quivering chin .
tr	PAST	" He resigned . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	She glances around once more , her eyes searching for anyone that might be watching her .
tr	PRES	in my tribe we 're traditionally named after the First thing the mother sees when she looks out of the teepee after the birth .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with amusement , tel ing me I would probably enjoy the surprise , so I left off questioning him and went along with it .
tr	PRES	She wears Erudite blue and Erudite spectacles and an Erudite look of superiority that I was taught by my father to hate .
tr	PRES	The darkness wraps it 's arms and legs around us like a demented whore .
tr	PAST	The man 's appearance alone dictated their actions and they would just have to make the best of things until this mystery were solved .
tr	PAST	You never lent it to me ! "
tr	PRES	He holds the phone to his ear nervously , waiting .
tr	PAST	McBride tipped up the can and poured baked beans straight into his mouth .
tr	PAST	She yawned and collected the excess paper .
tr	PAST	He motioned her to sit .
tr	PRES	JT points his bracelet at me .
tr	PRES	More than a few had dirty , bloody , bandages tied over wounds on their heads , arms , legs , chests .
tr	PRES	he whispers , and starts to walk away .
tr	PRES	The wind misses the sail , so it doesn 't drive the boat .
tr	PRES	His supervisor invites him into her office and suggests a vacation , but he politely declines .
tr	PAST	" He emailed me right before the explosion .
tr	PRES	He sees a female tiger and her two cubs through a clearing in the forest .
tr	PRES	And if Reeve stops by ... " Boring . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you very much , " Joshua states .
tr	PRES	We bow to the Oracle .
tr	PRES	Jacob stands stock still as Anthony stares into his eyes , assessing every word .
tr	PRES	They hiss with open mouths then coil up ready to strike it at me .
tr	PRES	" As if I can relax sitting here .
tr	PRES	Will joins me in sitting on the window sill ; our feet bang against the wall .
tr	PRES	With that , he slams the door in my face .
tr	PAST	Of course , everyone 's dressed in the Tudor style , with puffed up , layered sleeves .
tr	PAST	Dr. Fogel extended his hand .
tr	PRES	Then the venom drips onto Loki and he writhes in such agony that all of Midgard quakes .
tr	PRES	It offers intriguing possibilities .
tr	PAST	She crawled out , stood up , and assessed herself .
tr	PRES	She scoots her chair closer to him .
tr	PRES	His olive skin shone , his dark hair just long enough to be deliciously tousled , his jawline strong and masculine .
tr	PAST	" He 's right , " Nick concurred .
tr	PAST	" I don 't believe you , " I finally stated .
tr	PAST	You lied to me , Marcus ! "
tr	PRES	When she finally gets there , she pushes the glass door of the shower open and there he is !
tr	PAST	He grunted and told her to go pack her bag .
tr	PAST	The pain served to quicken recovery of his senses .
tr	PRES	' I feel like making the most of my fertile seed while I have it , ' he mumbled against her mouth .
tr	PRES	And some bathroom supplies ! "
tr	PRES	James climbs out of the car , and I take a steadying breath and stare out at the river .
tr	PAST	The koi circled it once again , swimming lazy circles .
tr	PRES	He sees me and reaches down to pick the little girl up .
tr	PRES	Your mother always offers . "
tr	PAST	Shawn opened his eyes and smiled at the younger man , a freshman undecided major Alex knew well .
tr	PAST	She dumped the limp form onto the growing pile of them .
tr	PRES	No one remembers me without the glasses .
tr	PAST	He stiffened , his shoulders at attention as though a visiting admiral were passing by for inspection .
tr	PAST	With kisses like that , he doubted they 'd make it to the bedroom .
tr	PRES	However like Deirdre she tends to be very goal oriented .
tr	PAST	Jackson hooked his finger in the belt loop of my jeans and pulled me closer to him .
tr	PAST	The river settlements absorbed more and more Vikings .
tr	PRES	We pile into the truck again .
tr	PAST	We 're never letting you out again , a voice taunted .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands in front of him and nodded .
tr	PRES	" Quickly before it changes its mind and decides to go after you . "
tr	PAST	He sensed a minefield .
tr	PAST	Eyebrows that were just a shade darker than his hair winged over eyes that had fascinated her in their changeable hue during their one night together .
tr	PAST	" This is a locket I found by her Mother 's skeleton , " he relayed and held it up .
tr	PRES	Logan throws me a long black gun and I dip down to my knees from the heft of it .
tr	PAST	Ted easily hauled Melody up to stand on the top of the rock .
tr	PAST	The kid produced an envelope .
tr	PRES	But as he stares at the bodies , now defiled by flies and crows , he begins to think of their courage and discipline .
tr	PRES	Her face splits into a stunning smile and she reaches into the back pocket of her jeans .
tr	PAST	There she engaged in what her culture considered bestiality , and got her child by means other than the goddesses .
tr	PAST	He groped for a change of subject and found a disturbing one in Star 's face .
tr	PRES	But he sighs as soon as he says it .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he staggered for the street as a woman 's voice called out , " Hello ? "
tr	PRES	Jason owes me a favor .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head around to see a group of about five officers chasing us .
tr	PRES	She sings it like a song .
tr	PAST	Then the President exclaimed , " Doctor , thank you for this news .
tr	PAST	Her fingers lingered on the piece as she sighed .
tr	PRES	Shorter , sharper , harder , quicker .
tr	PRES	A look of resignation passes across her face but she says nothing more about it .
tr	PRES	Jack slides off the hood and crawls toward the passenger door .
tr	PRES	My eyes open and close in slow motion and the world slows down to a crawl .
tr	PRES	" And they volunteer for this ? "
tr	PRES	" May your eggs rot if you betray me . "
tr	PAST	Sabbath flicked his ears back and forth and then thrust his muzzle under her arm , lifting her off the ground .
tr	PAST	Edward stormed back at him .
tr	PAST	With a curse under his breath , he hauled her up against his side , draping her slender arm over his shoulders .
tr	PRES	The door that leads from the garage into the kitchen opens , and the sound of keys landing on the counter rings out .
tr	PAST	Mia , can I be candid with you ? "
tr	PAST	" Oh , he hooted with laughter .
tr	PAST	Her progress slowed to a treacherous crawl .
tr	PAST	From alongside her father , Reese mirrored her friend 's movements .
tr	PRES	he whispers playfully as another finger slides in .
tr	PAST	She twirled it with her fingers as she studied Shane 's activities from in the back of the dining room .
tr	PAST	" Then billions will die , and Earth is doomed , " predicted Gorn .
tr	PAST	The plant has generated lots of employment and the pay and conditions are good too , " stated Ilyas .
tr	PAST	Only the glow of the television provided light in the room and they lay together comfortably .
tr	PRES	The small accounts like the one we 're after now add up and with just one big one you are made . "
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and leaves , slamming it shut behind him .
tr	PAST	She twirled one of her long curls around her finger .
tr	PRES	What lies outside of the real world ? "
tr	PAST	Mucus was being spewed out of his mouth , and I was directing his head like a missile launcher at the guys who were standing nearby .
tr	PRES	' Yes , your Gran .
tr	PAST	I thanked them both politely before I went into my room , shutting my door gratefully behind me .
tr	PRES	" Please tell me those are tears of joy or even relief , " Donovan begged .
tr	PRES	Namely Hermes , but other than Marcus and Aiden , they didn 't know Hermes had helped Seth contact me .
tr	PAST	It writhed furiously , trying to escape .
tr	PAST	She seized Ethan 's arm and led him to a dining room .
tr	PAST	The rate of shaking slowed down , but did not stop .
tr	PRES	Adam stands up so suddenly he nearly knocks over the coffee table .
tr	PAST	He much preferred the ruggedness and variety of nature .
tr	PRES	He slams the door and begins walking in the direction of the school .
tr	PRES	" You 're such a homemaker , " I teased .
tr	PAST	A low growl of warning rumbled deep in Gregori 's throat .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand , his hand warm and strong .
tr	PRES	It carries the subtleties of delight and horror , the essence of culture and social process .
tr	PAST	" Are you willing to see your city and palace destroyed for your foolish pride ? "
tr	PRES	Eve stretches out her arms towards a black .
tr	PAST	Before Ken could shout an objection , the ball exploded against the house .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Above it circled many vultures and upon its wasted bulk there crawled scavengers and rats , each taking a piece of the great fish for its supper .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , slamming his fist on the bar .
tr	PRES	Those represent the Tunnels .
tr	PAST	" It 's actually very ugly , " he announced dryly .
tr	PAST	" It all hinges on you , " Tavi rasped .
tr	PAST	" Two of them , " he reported quietly .
tr	PAST	Liv 's eyes washed over me in concern and I instantly tensed .
tr	PRES	" And you , Hephaestus ? "
tr	PRES	" But that guy you 're friends with ... " " Trip ? "
tr	PRES	" And what about her getting freaked out when I asked her what she was ?
tr	PAST	Reaching up , she caressed the tops of his shoulders and then down his arms to entwine her fingers with his .
tr	PRES	His gorgeous face softens a bit .
tr	PRES	" I love you , Ira , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	" Actually , he knows that he 's being watched , " Aaron stated looking a little sheepish .
tr	PRES	Or seeing how fast it accelerates as I ram it into his prized collection .
tr	PRES	I strain my ears , paranoid of every space and every shadow .
tr	PAST	Flipping to a new section of my notebook , I pretended to study a page .
tr	PRES	The boy wears a tattered old hat two sizes too small .
tr	PRES	" That 's a pretty big role to fill , " he teased .
tr	PAST	" I 'm a fairly normal guy , " he stated , looking back at Harding .
tr	PAST	She stared , her eyes riveted to the feral slash of his mouth .
tr	PRES	Ivy chuckles and says , " That 's true .
tr	PAST	It shattered against the wall and rained shards over Liam 's shoulders .
tr	PAST	Macey cocked a perfectly plucked eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Alec opens a filing cabinet a few feet from me .
tr	PAST	As the heat escalated and the demand grew stronger , she inhaled sharply and tilted her h * ps into me .
tr	PRES	" Because we wipe memory of us from their minds . "
tr	PAST	The centurion bore a tin soldier 's mug in either hand , and both of them were steaming in the cool night air .
tr	PRES	" That explains the disappearing act in the room . "
tr	PAST	Jeffery saluted and left her office to carry out the orders .
tr	PRES	The letters and numbers had further morphed , until they were random , squiggly shapes devoid of meaning .
tr	PRES	" No can do , bro .
tr	PAST	Pagan The door swung open after one swift knock , " It 's time , " Leif announced smiling brightly .
tr	PRES	" Whatever he 's saying , Chloe , it 's all lies . "
tr	PAST	And , with her head down , she slowly shuffled her spirit feet and sat down on a chair before the now familiar Formica table .
tr	PAST	" I 'm worried about Tate , Juan , Dave , and Cooper , " Don stated .
tr	PAST	Can 't say I blame them , that guy froze me in my tracks , but not you .
tr	PRES	But the things you describe , lights turning off , tripping and falling , etc. .
tr	PRES	A mad flurry of arms and fists beating the hell out of each other causes my instincts to flare .
tr	PRES	" Adele barely remembers she had a vampire husband , or a child with him .
tr	PAST	" Your mother served out his term , and very well I might add .
tr	PRES	The little girl , on my right , plays with her cell , when I bump into her arm .
tr	PAST	His desk served as a workstation and dining table .
tr	PAST	For a second , I pretended she wasn 't my boss 's daughter or my assignment .
tr	PAST	I skipped off the planet and I haven 't been back since . "
tr	PAST	The reveal of who Harry really was only strengthened Dollop 's belief that they were the same people underneath all the farce .
tr	PAST	The question carved another chunk out of her heart .
tr	PAST	He flicked it with his index finger as though it were an illegal drug , one that Dwayne probably would have found more useful , and cheaper .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	After greeting the clerk , Franco commenced a conversation in rapid-fire French ... or something that sounded like French .
tr	PAST	Curiosity chased away her irritation .
tr	PRES	" If you push hard enough against the air , it holds you up . "
tr	PAST	The sniveling slowed to a drip .
tr	PRES	" I thought it would be good to put her with you , Monica , " states Helga who had walked over to us .
tr	PRES	My hands fel to his chest .
tr	PRES	He returns scant moments later with Damien , his older brother .
tr	PRES	Elizabeth begins to contort her body in odd ways as she struggles to get back to her feet .
tr	PRES	Malcolm glares at me and cinches his helmet a little tighter .
tr	PAST	His warm breath fanned her ear , and Liza 's stomach churned with unsettling emotion .
tr	PRES	" The cage only exists when it 's in the light , " she explains as an odd sort of pleasure creeps into her voice .
tr	PAST	With that she crawled out from under the cover .
tr	PAST	Missy slowed to a trot and finally a walk .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't we , Nessa ? "
tr	PRES	" Just a precaution .
tr	PAST	The smile immediately collapsed .
tr	PRES	I lean forward to look at the buildings on the other side of the bridge .
tr	PRES	I teach kids morality and ethics class . "
tr	PRES	Maybe a little too much so I lean against the counter .
tr	PRES	" Lucien , this is my queen , Sonia . "
tr	PAST	The regiment leader then proceeded to the most viable viewpoint of the tower and squinted his weathered eyes at a growing speck in the sky .
tr	PRES	" My mom 's not here , " he explains .
tr	PRES	At first there was neither sight nor sound , only shapes forming in my mind .
tr	PAST	" See ... Not ... heavy ... at ... all , " Nikolas lied .
tr	PAST	Della tensed , ready to tell him that Steve got that black eye standing up for her .
tr	PAST	Blood sprayed the dark colored rocks ; the force of the blow almost severed Tom 's head clean off .
tr	PRES	Clothes , empty food wrappers and beer bottles littered the floor and tabletop surfaces .
tr	PRES	She sighs through braced teeth , takes a deeper breath and tries to sigh through something else .
tr	PRES	" Science be hardly tha word for it , " Hébert beamed proudly .
tr	PRES	' Excuse me , Agnes , ' Frances said , ' but I really should be going .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight It was time for stage two .
tr	PAST	" He 's right , " Smith joked .
tr	PAST	" But at what cost ?
tr	PRES	Sighing heavily Grace said , " Come on , Mace .
tr	PRES	So glad to have you aboard , Jeannie . "
tr	PAST	The man giggled as they both watched tiny , leftover beads of liquid drip down the brim and over the face of the constable .
tr	PRES	Dana touches my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Within those eyes , she sensed an unfathomable , frightening knowledge .
tr	PRES	' No , not abandon , of course not . '
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over as he thought of the reasons he was here .
tr	PAST	The iPhone in his pocket vibrated , and he stared at the screen .
tr	PRES	He removes his hand .
tr	PAST	" You are trying to feed me , " she accused .
tr	PRES	I exhale and frown at my mama .
tr	PAST	I doubted he 'd use it .
tr	PRES	She even brings her own pole .
tr	PRES	" Be brave , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" Exactly as it should be , Evil should work alone , chased to solace if needs be .
tr	PRES	Authorities urge citizens to remain indoors with all entrances secured until further notice . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Always in heat , his Sonia .
tr	PRES	The footsteps echo just around the corner .
tr	PRES	" All right , bud .
tr	PRES	At present , our needs align .
tr	PRES	Emerson winks at me .
tr	PRES	Adel sees that Nora has made up her mind .
tr	PRES	A boy touches you , and you mistake hormones for magic . "
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mumbled again .
tr	PAST	A low , rough sound vibrated in his throat , and his entire body tightened .
tr	PRES	the stranger said , leaning forward , his hands resting on the desk .
tr	PRES	Now she holds the advantage knowing where my feelings lay .
tr	PAST	Gumshoe seized the wheel , and mashed the accelerator to the floor .
tr	PRES	Kate tuned her guitar and played a few experimental chords .
tr	PAST	Shocked and hurt , Aris froze , giving Thomas the split second he needed .
tr	PAST	Finally , she laid the fork down , the prongs resting on the edge of the dish , and raised her gaze to meet his .
tr	PRES	I ' d prefer to see them invade our town .
tr	PAST	His body froze , every muscle tight , every tendon ready .
tr	PRES	She instantly rises up on her elbow and lowers her mouth down to mine , nibbling my bottom lip before licking it .
tr	PAST	She crouched and grabbed the weapon in both hands .
tr	PAST	Aurora banked for a curve in the tunnel and at that moment the fireflies blacked out .
tr	PAST	Disappointed , I chiseled away at the burnt sugar topping stuck to the inside of the bowl .
tr	PAST	It slowed over the speed bump , and the street light bounced off its silver paint .
tr	PRES	And those lies hurt .
tr	PAST	He quit his job to launch his own business .
tr	PAST	I washed them down with a Diet Coke and spread out on the floor until everything went black .
tr	PRES	- Eight and a half an hours .
tr	PRES	" Can I assume you don 't like it ? "
tr	PAST	She inched back , her hand sliding up his face again .
tr	PRES	Lennox remains silent for several steps as he shines his light over the darkness .
tr	PAST	she countered with a vexed sigh at being put under the microscope like this . '
tr	PRES	Dane invites us in and offers us a cool beverage .
tr	PRES	" Sugar helps me think and there 's a lot I have to get done before the day is out .
tr	PAST	Coffee sloshed over the sides .
tr	PAST	Ainsley slapped open one of the fashion books and busied herself looking at the colorful dresses inside , not seeing a line of them .
tr	PRES	How naughty of you , " Lance giggles .
tr	PAST	I clutched onto my pillow and brought my fluffy blanket around me .
tr	PRES	An arm wraps around my neck and tightens against my jugular .
tr	PAST	The way you freaked out at the lake when the Angel appeared - " " I thought Simon was dead ! "
tr	PRES	" Lissa , can you take these to the city morgue ? "
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone as she put a dramatic hand to her heart and sniffed .
tr	PAST	The woman and one man leaped out , both holding guns .
tr	PRES	Margaret nodded , her eyelids drooping .
tr	PRES	It stands to reason .
tr	PRES	Soon he disappears from sight .
tr	PRES	Marae pushes herself up against the control panel .
tr	PAST	I untied our rowboats and cast the end of the rope to him .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think she 'll agree to that , " I mumbled , but I did as he asked .
tr	PAST	She treated him as if he were finally a man ; as if he had completed a rite of passage .
tr	PRES	" In my homeland , we decorate the pillars and make them pleasing to the eye with flutes and carvings .
tr	PAST	Finally the demon exploded into black ash , leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech that rang in Zoey 's ears .
tr	PRES	HOW DID YOU GET HERE ?
tr	PRES	Moving with a purpose he strikes , watches it burn , inhales the resulting fumes and uses his one miniature torch to ignite the entire book .
tr	PAST	His teeth tugged at her lower lip until she opened her mouth for him , allowing his tongue to sweep inside , to claim her .
tr	PAST	" I am not , " she lied , embarrassed by her reaction .
tr	PAST	He sensed the banishment happening , and I felt his power surge as he tried to fight it .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Nimrod preferred punctuality , and his calculations were not amiss .
tr	PAST	' Sir , we learnt quite a bit from ... ' ' It sounds like you were only there ten minutes . '
tr	PAST	Then they shuffled to a stop .
tr	PRES	This produces a chromatin protein .
tr	PAST	I elbowed Anton , hoping he 'd take a clue .
tr	PRES	" A little blatant for my taste , but I 'm willing to play . "
tr	PAST	Gray unzipped the bag and slipped out the contents .
tr	PRES	" I have to go take care of a few things , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	My heart sped up and I followed quickly behind him .
tr	PRES	She slides the gown forward and down her arms .
tr	PAST	He slapped my hand away and looked up .
tr	PRES	She moved with incredible speed , tasseled cloak swirling as she skidded across the wet cobblestones .
tr	PAST	" He reported in yesterday .
tr	PAST	With a smile he withdrew silently and turned his steps toward Finan 's tent , beginning to whistle a merry tune to himself .
tr	PRES	Just a generic sports bra . "
tr	PAST	" Quiet , " Callum clipped .
tr	PRES	Isabella stared at him , her mouth gaping open .
tr	PAST	I motioned for Lenny and we both did just that .
tr	PRES	" Call Dr. Oliver , " he booms over to her .
tr	PRES	" Sir , no one wears the golden triangle , only an Overlord . "
tr	PAST	- J * * * " Please set your book flat on the desk , John , " Mr. Crothers rumbled .
tr	PAST	Her hesitation revealed too much .
tr	PAST	Thad unfolded the parchment .
tr	PAST	" You 'll just have to miss me until we come back , because it 's settled , " Grant advised good-naturedly .
tr	PRES	She hauled in a deep breath .
tr	PAST	Her own doubts intruded .
tr	PRES	She sighs , presses a finger against the page -- to keep track of where she is -- and then she looks up at me .
tr	PAST	The itch to leap into offensive action crawled over her skin like a thousand tiny ants .
tr	PAST	Mari squealed with delight when she saw Echo .
tr	PRES	And Section Eight housing ?
tr	PAST	All the fear and anger washed away , leaving me shaking uncontrollably .
tr	PRES	' They scare me , people like that . '
tr	PAST	His thrashing slowed down and eventually came to a stop .
tr	PRES	" He owes some people a lot of money and thinks he can save himself .
tr	PRES	" Total badass . "
tr	PAST	" They destroyed Mrs. Reid 's flower garden between our houses . "
tr	PAST	She scooted over as I approached .
tr	PRES	What kind of missions ? "
tr	PAST	she announced , to the hills .
tr	PRES	Enough of yo ' lies !
tr	PAST	Josephine exclaimed with such feeling that one would have thought she had just cursed like a sailor .
tr	PAST	" Not that serious , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Christine 's sneer froze on her face .
tr	PAST	" I 've finally come to terms with it , " she lied .
tr	PRES	The idea originated when an elderly black man became too lame to work .
tr	PAST	Vel lands lightly beside me , and Jael doesn 't bother with the ladder , just leaps .
tr	PAST	Jo persisted , beginning to wonder if the pain pills had permanently clouded her brain .
tr	PAST	Slowly she and Adam inched nearer , but it was no use .
tr	PRES	Gabe tries to shift to put space between us , but there 's no more mattress for him to move to .
tr	PAST	I then paraded in front of Parliament wearing a large sword , tantamount to a challenge .
tr	PAST	He slapped the counter .
tr	PAST	Buzz eyed his second consecutive eagle putt , this one of approximately 30 feet with a strong left to right break .
tr	PAST	Henry inquired of no one in particular .
tr	PRES	That helps I.D. what you are working with .
tr	PAST	I always soaked it up in the summer , knowing that I would be wishing for some of its warmth in the dead of winter .
tr	PRES	The sun shone through the stained glass windows , creating myriad jewels of coloured light on the stone floor and panelled walls .
tr	PRES	It 'll be fun and it 's better than staring at your phone all night , " I blurt out before thinking .
tr	PAST	He toured the tree-lined , quiet , shady streets of this handsome neighborhood of which he was now a member .
tr	PRES	" That explains why you cannot take your eyes from me then . "
tr	PRES	Tiny rises to his feet with his sword pointed upward to the sky " May I speak with you , Empress ? "
tr	PAST	Even that short contact froze his skin onto the metal .
tr	PAST	She tugged Geoffrey playfully by the arm and pulled him across the entrance hall .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat again and chuckled .
tr	PAST	" That 's one on the way , " Charles announced and placed a second call .
tr	PAST	He withdrew and then pushed forward again , more gently this time and without the urgency he 'd displayed when he 'd first taken her .
tr	PRES	He watches Tim for another moment , then lies back down .
tr	PAST	I lied there like a corpse .
tr	PRES	" May I refill your plate , Miss Marie ? "
tr	PAST	When I first got control of my time-travel powers , I hopped around quite a bit .
tr	PRES	Purple brings out your eyes . "
tr	PAST	And he stole powers once ... " Cole felt a surge of fear .
tr	PRES	She climbs as well as a monkey .
tr	PAST	She slapped it down on the coffee table , marched for the front door and yanked it open .
tr	PAST	Even though her fragrance still lingered on the pillow beside his own .
tr	PRES	Anyway , the buck stops with you on all of this , that 's what you get paid the big money for isn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	I bury my head deep under my pillows and squeeze my eyes shut .
tr	PRES	I swing open the car door and get hung up in the seatbelt just like Gavin did .
tr	PRES	" And clearly she trusts you .
tr	PAST	The eye that had been the star glowed white , like a full moon .
tr	PAST	Preston pretended to do a slow panorama but only recorded while aimed at the cameramen and their activity .
tr	PAST	So she padded barefoot to the door and lifted her hand to knock .
tr	PRES	" No way , Big Kitty loves you .
tr	PAST	Looking doubtful , however , Cain opted to climb and gestured for me to join him .
tr	PRES	I rip the page out of the small notebook and clutch it close , actively swallowing the hysteria tickling every broken moment in my mind .
tr	PAST	Julian was leaning against the window in the back , one leg propped up on the seat and his head against the window .
tr	PRES	You threaten to kill me !
tr	PAST	Hot breath fanned over his skin as she said , " I 'm going to relish cutting your female to ribbons and sucking out her soul . "
tr	PAST	" I handled it . "
tr	PRES	I unfairly snap back at him as he follows me through into the back .
tr	PRES	But she hates me , which is a long story for some other time , though it 's pretty boring .
tr	PRES	" And if I fail to complete this bargain ? "
tr	PRES	Each one pops a balloon and when I 'm done , the top row is nothing but deflated pieces of latex .
tr	PAST	Another long talon pierced my skin .
tr	PAST	It provided a minimal existence , and in time we learned more and more about our benefactors .
tr	PRES	He opens the box and pulls out an envelope which contains an airline ticket to Los Angeles , California .
tr	PAST	Scared stiff , too , of course , but I tried not to think about that part .
tr	PRES	Almost everything we 've done falls into that category .
tr	PAST	" Go on , Savannah , " he urged .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " I mumbled , squeezing my knees with my hands .
tr	PRES	Elijah stands in front of the tourist flashbulbs , trying to protect her .
tr	PAST	I adjusted the top of the red velvet .
tr	PAST	Smiles Greg , grabbing a large green wheelbarrow from beside him . "
tr	PRES	Tammie sighs as his mother finally drives off .
tr	PRES	E2 ( Craig ) enters . )
tr	PAST	He quickly clasped his hand back over her mouth and then struck her in the spine .
tr	PRES	You just race ? "
tr	PRES	His body glides across mine , and his bare chest rests on top of me .
tr	PRES	Jael stands a few paces behind , and they both look as though they 've been to hell and back .
tr	PAST	He opened his hand , revealed a tiny unit .
tr	PRES	" Just wash off in the stream . "
tr	PRES	" Your trident ? '
tr	PRES	" But the actors ... " " Are just okay .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " someone else chided .
tr	PAST	Reaction chamber personnel , stand by to decelerate , " the captain announced from his place on the bridge .
tr	PRES	He snaps summoning another bottle of wine .
tr	PRES	I relive my mother 's death .
tr	PRES	She pushes me against the brick wall of a building and raises a dagger .
tr	PRES	I wipe away the tears in my eyes and go into the living room to call Lea .
tr	PRES	My skin twitches at the untruth .
tr	PRES	Holding out her hand to take his , Isabelle calmly states , " Thank you , Jacque , for believing in me .
tr	PAST	The taller of the two must have somehow sensed something , because he stopped and turned toward us .
tr	PAST	The man countered in terror as the three blades rammed down with furious force upon his own steel .
tr	PAST	At one point , a dozen gigantic Canada Geese were disturbed and flew , honking into the air .
tr	PRES	He glances away , and I can 't tell if he 's feeling nostalgic or tormented .
tr	PAST	" The next time I 'll not let you beat me so easily , " he teased , trying to catch his breath .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him softly .
tr	PRES	A single spotlight accents his art .
tr	PAST	Jason chimed in , " That is what I expected .
tr	PAST	Eyeing the many tracks in the ground moss spurred her on .
tr	PAST	It was so disgusting , I nearly vomited .
tr	PRES	He slams his hand down on the table , causing me to jump .
tr	PRES	" Like you tying me up this time ?
tr	PRES	" We can 't waste any more time , " Eddie mutters .
tr	PAST	" She claimed she was trying to save me from being mated to her monster of a son .
tr	PRES	" Got that one out of my hair , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	That he was a bit antisocial , someone who took refuge in his professional status .
tr	PAST	Reaching the top of the ledge , my fingers smacked off rock and I almost cried out in joy .
tr	PAST	The lines on his face deepened even more .
tr	PAST	Kenny pondered the implications of this .
tr	PRES	" And what do you believe happened to them , Winnie ?
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	She eyed me cautiously , swirling her feet in the water .
tr	PRES	" If I had your personality ?
tr	PRES	He stares into my eyes and it makes me weak in the knees .
tr	PAST	Alexia unclipped it and took it over to the window to examine it in the sunlight .
tr	PRES	" Cheerleading , " states Suzy matter-of-factly .
tr	PAST	That fact alone served well to calm him as he continued his ride to the south .
tr	PRES	The tip of his tongue slides gently along my own , circling slowly , slowly , slowly .
tr	PAST	She hopped down from the swing and took the hand that I held out for her .
tr	PRES	She lets her eyes wander to the sides of my body .
tr	PRES	He lets out an excited snort , " I believe you 've been waiting for these ones . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't sell yourself short , Hal .
tr	PRES	A scream rips from my throat at the same time that Sean throws himself over me , and the floor-to-ceiling glass window explodes into a million pieces .
tr	PAST	But mainly she just sobbed and sobbed .
tr	PAST	The net hauled the creatures from the sea .
tr	PAST	Her bright eyes fixed on Gabriel as her lips toyed a smile .
tr	PAST	Simon received a concussion .
tr	PRES	For an instant , I fantasize about making Raffaele feel the pain that he 's giving to me , forcing him to cower before me in agony .
tr	PRES	A feral light of recognition shone in its eyes , as if it knew who Iain was .
tr	PRES	I no longer belong here .
tr	PRES	* * * " IS IT HIM ? "
tr	PRES	She stands up and walks to the living room and grabs a book , then brings it back to the table .
tr	PAST	Cartwright chimed in again .
tr	PRES	" Oh , okay , " I mumbled , still dazed .
tr	PRES	He throws himself at me and we tumble to the ground .
tr	PAST	Being in Jolie 's home , which felt cozy and happy , pricked my heart .
tr	PRES	I settle my hand into his , automatically polite , despite the bizarre circumstances .
tr	PRES	As she works , she tries to ignore the deeper meaning behind her captain 's orders .
tr	PRES	She stops for a moment and the guard shoves her in the back , knocking her to the stone floor .
tr	PRES	" Brooklyn Kane , " Charles clears his throat and opens the notebook he keeps in his chest pocket .
tr	PRES	He releases a stressed breath then nods .
tr	PAST	My heart pounded against my rib cage as panic seized , as I began rationalizing the situation in my head .
tr	PAST	There were beautifully decorated cakes , incredible handmade quilts , homemade jams in beautiful jars , carved wooden toys .
tr	PAST	She feared that whatever he might tell her would hurt even more than knowing he was with someone else .
tr	PAST	George sat quietly , hands clasped lightly in front of him on the table , fighting an awareness that he didn 't want to admit .
tr	PAST	Bright blue waves churned to her left .
tr	PRES	" Why Marcie ? "
tr	PAST	He suddenly exploded and stood up to pace the floor a few times before he sat back down again .
tr	PAST	Troy gritted his teeth as anger surged through him .
tr	PRES	She lets that settle over the girls before she continues .
tr	PAST	Startled , she looked up to see Alaric standing across the room , shrouded in darkness .
tr	PAST	I slapped her across the face to get her attention , but her pain blinded her .
tr	PAST	He saluted , then turned on his heels and jogged out into the hallway .
tr	PRES	" Fine , but the offer stands .
tr	PAST	I tensed and pulled away .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck , David ! "
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands and takes a step toward me .
tr	PAST	I attempted to wave him away .
tr	PRES	Here looking , you Kid !
tr	PAST	With a wave , he hopped back in his truck .
tr	PAST	The echo of gunfire vibrated against his chest .
tr	PRES	The warning stands . "
tr	PAST	Still , they typify the sort of worship God attempted to extort .
tr	PRES	She lets out a little laugh .
tr	PRES	She glances from Murphy to the king , and back again .
tr	PAST	As she brandished the dastardly vermin , skunk goo spewed first on Josh and then on his car .
tr	PRES	On page eighty of the relationship manual , it clearly states you cannot look at another man 's backside , especially if you think it 's great .
tr	PRES	" A tip . "
tr	PAST	But as they watched , it shrank and vanished .
tr	PRES	Hands clammy with sweat , Jane watched uncertainly as the knob turned and the door opened .
tr	PRES	" He sells them as slaves .
tr	PAST	And while we were gone , someone trashed my place .
tr	PAST	Zoe giggled and shook her head .
tr	PRES	" From the comfort of my home swing . "
tr	PAST	After the caboose lost it 's wheels , it tipped to one side and slowly began to roll over as we crossed the bridge .
tr	PRES	Every pore on my skin opens to take in the new sensations at my command .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I mumbled against the sheet .
tr	PRES	" Hell , I don 't know , Verity .
tr	PRES	" The Surface heart allows passage between the worlds .
tr	PRES	" No way , " another ghoul mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Nathan 's got a girlfriend , Nathan 's got a girlfriend , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I shrank down in my chair and focused on the table .
tr	PRES	Never having spoken those words aloud before , not even to Mariam or Rayne , Serena holds her breath waiting for Kai 's response .
tr	PRES	" No woman likes to deal with her man 's ex-girlfriend . "
tr	PAST	Data storage devices often proved valuable data mines in criminal investigations -- Morton hoped that this occasion would be one of those times .
tr	PAST	Vince immediately flagged the waitress and ordered two whiskeys to get the night started .
tr	PRES	It just ... begged to be licked , especially when there were beads of Arthur Bryant sauce clinging to it .
tr	PAST	I quit , before my mum died . "
tr	PRES	I recall the dog-like creature I saw earlier .
tr	PAST	She regained her composure and continued to stare .
tr	PRES	The rain falls around us , tagging the leaves and dripping through my thin , cotton pants .
tr	PRES	Dax falls silent for a moment .
tr	PRES	She stands her tallest , still propped with hands on the downed window of the car .
tr	PRES	He tastes like warmth and comfort , and feels like heat and bliss .
tr	PRES	" You still haven 't told me how , " he states when it appears I 've finished talking about my mother .
tr	PAST	" I 'm glad Zac let you come to school today , " joked Xavier .
tr	PAST	The cars screeched to a stop by the curb .
tr	PAST	We inched forward slowly , until we could look over the rim .
tr	PRES	' She lies ! '
tr	PRES	' Not after the welcome ye received from me and me dogs , eh ? '
tr	PAST	Neither of the young men attempted to resume their conversation .
tr	PAST	A pale orb , already brighter than any star , stares down on me with cold awareness .
tr	PRES	She wasn 't prey .
tr	PRES	The blade snaps out audibly .
tr	PAST	The second blow shattered the glass in the LCD display .
tr	PAST	The Emperor flicked his fingers in desperation , but nothing sparked .
tr	PRES	Her voice peels my attention away from the engine block I 've been staring at for the past half hour .
tr	PAST	A thin sheen of sweat glazed his throat and brow , giving him an air of healthy vibrancy .
tr	PAST	I inquired , looking to the girl who had been sitting silently .
tr	PAST	he asks , words muffled by his mouthful of toast .
tr	PRES	A few of the pirates leapt from the boat to help drag it onto the sand so the others could unload the cargo without getting wet .
tr	PAST	He froze , and I saw his expression change to something unpleasant .
tr	PRES	" Three grand . "
tr	PRES	The fact that she got away and I have no way of finding her again consumes me .
tr	PAST	" I never doubted you . "
tr	PAST	Jeremy sensed a busy activity of thought and planning in Julie 's mind .
tr	PRES	After awhile , he begins to dream of one day becoming the next great Yankee centerfielder .
tr	PRES	" Please , " Horace begged the girl .
tr	PRES	This imaginative play allows children to explore real-world themes in the safe confines of pretence .
tr	PAST	" Go and see your shrink , you deluded little hermit . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , took hold of the handle , and threw the door open .
tr	PRES	" So sorry , " she mumbled , too distracted to pay much attention to them after that .
tr	PRES	Around us , other people paired off : Morrow with Tegan , Tully and Spence , and a couple of men too .
tr	PRES	She likes to sit outside and watch the stars . "
tr	PAST	As I went down on him , he caressed my cheek and moaned my name like a prayer .
tr	PAST	She jabbed her elbow into his ribs .
tr	PAST	I produced a dried thistle blossom and crumpled it toward Alicia , shouting a Greek incantation that would blind her .
tr	PRES	" Lucien , " I gasped , still pushing , blackness penetrating at the sides of my eyes .
tr	PAST	They plunged through the undergrowth for a long time , but suddenly Rafe stopped abruptly .
tr	PAST	The giant orange bags floated in disconcerting silence , anchored by long black tendrils twining in the rocks of the hills .
tr	PAST	Dominic dismissed the servers .
tr	PAST	Kelly elbowed him to the bed , then climbed on top of him and pinned his hands .
tr	PAST	Dylan rumbled behind her .
tr	PAST	With that , he floated back into the ceiling .
tr	PRES	When Kaylin got home and heard about his pending release , she freaked .
tr	PAST	" The CEO of the company recruited you to come work for him ? "
tr	PAST	" We know nothing about any book , Captain Hayfield , " her husband gently supported .
tr	PAST	She alighted from the carriage and wrapped her cloak tighter around her .
tr	PRES	The island 's awesome beauty steals your heart and eats your balls .
tr	PAST	" I stomped her ass . "
tr	PAST	Jason 's frown only deepened .
tr	PAST	After he finished with his lunch he phoned his wife to let her know he still hadn 't heard anything about the promotion .
tr	PAST	She neared the end of the hallway and came to a large opening that led to a wide spiral staircase .
tr	PAST	Bonnie tugged at Meredith 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	But really what can I do when I knew that I was left alone in the Greek 's world , abandoned by my only safe source .
tr	PAST	The footman charged past me and up the stairs .
tr	PRES	What about tacos ? '
tr	PRES	Everyone respects my daughter .
tr	PRES	" I wouldn 't know , " She replied indignantly , " it doesn 't really matter , he loves me .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , dragged her scent into his lungs .
tr	PAST	The rank injustice that had been done to Liz lingered in Cole 's mind , even as he drove her home from Doyle 's .
tr	PRES	Jada points to Lor , who is spinning in a circle , watching her dress rise .
tr	PRES	Hartman draws them up and twirls them about with finesse .
tr	PAST	After a few months he recruited me to help him go around and greet the new stories .
tr	PAST	Greg stifled a laugh and gestured that he accepted the difficulties .
tr	PRES	Why prolong the agony ? "
tr	PRES	" So feed me . "
tr	PRES	Shaking out the cape , Serena allows the rest of it to unfold .
tr	PRES	exclaims Mike as he and the others gape at the flames and column of sooty black smoke diminishing in the distance .
tr	PRES	Deano never lets em get away . "
tr	PRES	Comes with the territory . "
tr	PRES	" To the pier . "
tr	PAST	He twirled the antique revolver that he had used against Jimmy on the moon weeks ago .
tr	PRES	So many lies . "
tr	PAST	Cool fingers caressed her cheek .
tr	PRES	When Friday comes , I practically drag James from the building , so relieved that I won 't have to fake it through another day .
tr	PAST	As much as they wanted to keep the infrastructure undamaged as possible , he doubted the web would remain up for long .
tr	PAST	As he closed the distance between himself and Tonya , his hand fisted , crinkling the words .
tr	PRES	" Sleep now , Willow Tree .
tr	PRES	I assume you heard about Noah ? "
tr	PRES	Amory whispered , clearly enraged .
tr	PAST	" Oh shit , " Gold exhaled .
tr	PAST	The guard captain hopped up and down .
tr	PAST	Cloaking himself in icy control , Gideon regarded his young servant with a glittering gaze .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry about that , " she disclosed , feeling more desolate and alone than she 'd ever felt in her life .
tr	PAST	These innovations reduced the troops in the field and the length of wars , as well as the loss of human life .
tr	PAST	So much blood , too much for the baby , a boy she named Charles Edwin .
tr	PRES	Well , Scot - " " We could fight for her , Lexi .
tr	PAST	It created numerous genetic problems among royalty and the nobility .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Antonietta . "
tr	PAST	Reversing their positions , he supported his weight on his elbows .
tr	PAST	Dante froze in the doorway .
tr	PRES	Amity 's skin shone with our light .
tr	PRES	" Love me , " she said , her voice husky .
tr	PAST	His startled chuckle transformed into a lazy , sensual smile as he pretended to seriously contemplate his answer .
tr	PRES	While my attention is on them , the guard lashes out , kicking my legs from under me .
tr	PAST	Casey exclaimed regaining her earlier animation .
tr	PAST	I tutor some kids at one of the high schools nearby .
tr	PRES	No lights shone through the darkness , and the village was completely devoid of life .
tr	PAST	The earl waved a trembling hand , and one by one , the others dumped the contents of their packs into a pile .
tr	PAST	Pratt stated with a hopeful look , like a puppy dog waiting for his treat .
tr	PRES	Should I forgive him ? "
tr	PRES	" What Major ? "
tr	PRES	" You , re traveling into your darkest memories , darkest disappointments .
tr	PAST	His eyes sought Edward the moment he stepped through the door .
tr	PRES	He sighs then reaches for a piece of paper tucked in one of the folders .
tr	PRES	Jody begins to yell .
tr	PAST	The Colt exploded ; slamming its large slug into the wall over Ace 's head and filling the small office with smoke and plaster dust .
tr	PRES	Well when they go to the Sorceress , she rips the soul from their bodies , leaving them empty .
tr	PAST	Tasha yawned widely at that unfortunate moment .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you dare , " Mara hisses , but I barely hear her .
tr	PRES	She hates both of them with a passion . "
tr	PAST	Medusa sobbed and turned , in search of her love .
tr	PRES	If we 're caught , we expose ourselves to more than just a few people .
tr	PRES	" Ooh , looks like I 'll have to punish the maid for throwing a tantrum , " he teased .
tr	PAST	As if I hadn 't berated myself for that enough over the last year .
tr	PRES	Cas chuckles and walks past us to make his way downstairs .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	" Trust no one , but another contact bears similar tidings . "
tr	PAST	He shrugged , combing his hair back from his forehead with one hand , the other stuffed into the front pocket of his jeans .
tr	PRES	I lean in and gently tug on his bottom lip with my teeth and then kiss it softly .
tr	PAST	The sudden shock of the icy water stole Lisa 's breath .
tr	PAST	The background sound proved to be a woman chanting softly , but the words seemed to be in a different language .
tr	PAST	Slowly , the visions withdrew .
tr	PRES	Howling winds stir wraith like clouds across the moon .
tr	PRES	I shout , stabbing at the scaly limbs outstretched to grab me .
tr	PRES	Comes from a simple family and expects to work for her keep .
tr	PAST	The three of us squealed at the same time as soon as we opened the door to our suite .
tr	PAST	McNair and his pack lingered , unsure of where to go , and also not wanting to leave Will and Jaime alone at such a time .
tr	PRES	She sees a light at the end , although it seems miles and miles away .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Tabby .
tr	PAST	The palm of his hand flattened against hers as their bodies plunged into time .
tr	PAST	They assaulted the towers and made progress there by shear numbers , shooting arrows into the ports of the towers .
tr	PRES	" Father -- " Hywel tried again .
tr	PAST	I crouched , hands over my head .
tr	PAST	He created all of this , everything we have in Wayward Pines . "
tr	PAST	Though it made her cheeks burn , she withdrew the washcloth , thought another thought and sent it to her clothes hamper .
tr	PAST	The air charged with tension .
tr	PAST	Instead , she blamed them on his sickness .
tr	PAST	Gregori , leading a large group , charged into the foray to take the pressure off of Nicolas .
tr	PRES	The Chancellor only allows us into the city for a few things , and those trips all have to be planned well in advance .
tr	PRES	" But the palace ? "
tr	PAST	Weather dictated it was time to put it away and replace it with his Donegal .
tr	PAST	The eyes of the dog matched those of all the fighting men in the courtyard , and most of the women .
tr	PRES	" This tastes good .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand and with a faint smile , introduced himself .
tr	PAST	The firemen bounced out and started giving instructions to both their own team members and those volunteers already working the fire .
tr	PAST	The heat and humidity assaulted me as soon as I got out of the car .
tr	PRES	The incandescent metal passes quickly from dark red to white-hot .
tr	PAST	She quit trying to understand their conversation and gave him an annoyed look before looking at the other two guys .
tr	PRES	' Any one disagree ? '
tr	PRES	A metallic clatter , punctuated by the sudden olfactory punch of spilled blood .
tr	PRES	When Olivia does attempt to speak with other ghosts , she mostly hears what she describes as a buzzing noise .
tr	PRES	" Can you no ' ken why I 'm in this contest ?
tr	PRES	He clutches his throat and motions as if blood is spraying everywhere .
tr	PAST	Everything blotted out around them , and all that was left was color of the leaves and the light of the sun through the canopy above .
tr	PRES	" He loves you so much and it 's eating him alive . "
tr	PRES	Dee really is starting to look like Mom , it occurs to me .
tr	PAST	None of them dared to look at him .
tr	PRES	He hears nothing and turns his light back on .
tr	PAST	I received almost no emails from him and assumed all was going well as my disconnect from the world was growing ever more complete .
tr	PAST	He exits the room and I leap to my feet , running out into the hall .
tr	PRES	James ' face freezes at the mention of Max .
tr	PAST	Ashley panicked , motioning for Lance to grab the last two boxes as she scurried after Nikki .
tr	PAST	Levana shrank away , wrapping her arms around her waist .
tr	PRES	Andrew 's eyes shone back at him .
tr	PRES	We march in one hour .
tr	PRES	Then the coffin fills with a terrible fire .
tr	PAST	He slipped , the tiles underfoot split apart .
tr	PAST	The robin cocked its head to one side , regarding her speculatively from one beady eye .
tr	PAST	Joe propped his elbows on his knees .
tr	PRES	Realm slides in between us , and this close to him I 'm struck with grief .
tr	PAST	He floated over to the main window where a man gazed out at the largest project in history .
tr	PAST	He described a man wearing a dark-blue shirt and pants loose in the building .
tr	PRES	The door recognizes me and lets me out , and I weep silently in the lift , which takes me to the ground , unasked .
tr	PRES	Dallas begins twisting her blond dreads absently .
tr	PAST	The sight of the cup triggered something in Emma 's mind .
tr	PAST	The air stirred and from the shadows all around us emerged Elijah , Tristan , Avery , and the rest .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , because I was nothing if not coy .
tr	PRES	Don 't skimp on history teach it as it was originally written then point out the alternate views afterward .
tr	PRES	I dreaded to think what with .
tr	PRES	" The path climbs steadily now , with steps at the steeper points .
tr	PRES	It floats slightly above the ground .
tr	PAST	Got it from a couple of retired cops .
tr	PRES	After a second his light-blue gaze falls on me .
tr	PRES	Stoltz appraised the former Ultra team .
tr	PAST	Tex tugged me into his lap .
tr	PAST	Part 2 Yesterday , Rei received several shocks , all at once .
tr	PRES	Every crash of the waves brings a new ghost and a new star .
tr	PRES	You and I , we belong together .
tr	PRES	" The magazine holds fifty rounds of ordnance . "
tr	PRES	" Go , " she whispers , motioning me away as if I were Charlie .
tr	PAST	Abby 's phone beeped and she checked it .
tr	PRES	" She deserves no less ! "
tr	PRES	As I stand , he lets out a low groan , but he doesn 't look up at me or move .
tr	PAST	For a moment , I balked at the idea , on the verge of telling Puck that I couldn 't dance .
tr	PAST	So Zane provided them .
tr	PRES	" Of course we can , sweetie .
tr	PAST	Marjory bounced her keen gaze back and forth from Jane to Jake .
tr	PRES	Please , " she begged , and moved against my hand .
tr	PRES	" How many transfers ? "
tr	PRES	" How about I stick my thorny bush up your - " " Ayden ! "
tr	PRES	Blood seeps through the bandage .
tr	PAST	As a group , they trudged back to the pool area .
tr	PRES	" Great , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He loves my brothers ' mothers , but he misses mine . "
tr	PAST	He hauled himself off the bed , wincing .
tr	PRES	Something about Benn 's uniform causes him to see red blistering the corners of his sight .
tr	PAST	His eyebrows creep up his face before he looks back up at me .
tr	PRES	Before I can decide whether or not to tell him , a bell signals the end of our eating shift .
tr	PRES	I sell a lot of 'em at the crafts fairs , too . "
tr	PAST	I doubted it was because I had caught Wendell off guard .
tr	PAST	She clutched at him , her face buried in his neck , her tears sliding across his skin .
tr	PRES	" You scare me , dude . "
tr	PRES	It fades just like any other memory .
tr	PRES	The nausea returns and I close my eyes and let go .
tr	PRES	This immediately strikes a chord with me , the thought of which makes me laugh .
tr	PRES	" It changes people . "
tr	PRES	" So sexy . "
tr	PRES	Or maybe he just hates to be in the spotlight .
tr	PRES	Please ... leave it there , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Horace wagged his tail , and Abe got up to riffle through the bin for some kind of doggie dish .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , trying to regain his composure .
tr	PRES	Being careful not to dirty the bedspread with his shoes , Gene slides onto the bed .
tr	PRES	And it comforted him somehow to say it aloud .
tr	PRES	May I assume you 're here on business ? "
tr	PRES	" How did you - " She stops , likely realizing her words comprise an admission .
tr	PAST	President Gibson pondered his choices .
tr	PRES	She pulled the pine garlands off the banister , " I recall .
tr	PRES	He tries to say it soberly but I can still hear the snigger in his voice .
tr	PAST	Agent Luc and I negotiated an understanding on the flight home .
tr	PAST	' You take a hand , ' she persisted .
tr	PRES	" She likes to chew on me . "
tr	PRES	It just strikes me as funny because this little ship clearly isn 't a big bad anything .
tr	PRES	He throws the best parties around here . "
tr	PAST	" And that you are a fashion diva , " I stated to Ivy .
tr	PRES	Chocolate fudge wasthe bribe when it came to being forgiven for doing something stupid and male .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six We were silent in the elevator .
tr	PAST	" If I were you , I wouldn 't move , " Wyatt advised Ryder with a quick frown as he paused by the door .
tr	PAST	They split up into pairs and darted off in all directions : into the rooms adjoining the hallway , up the stairs , into the cellar .
tr	PRES	Even more now than before , Steve was essentially alone , his personality so honed that he was complete unto himself .
tr	PRES	" False Light . "
tr	PAST	She slowed her breathing , trying to regain control .
tr	PRES	Silently I stir my milk . '
tr	PRES	I lean into him , hungry for him .
tr	PRES	Thank you for the assistance , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	" But you 're finished , " Rashid announced emphatically .
tr	PAST	She propped the doors open .
tr	PAST	A slight grin tugged at his lips .
tr	PAST	The gate buzzed and began to open of its own accord .
tr	PRES	Just text me when you need help with your classes .
tr	PAST	Her hand slapped across my face lightly .
tr	PAST	From the burning vehicles and the exploding ordnance , he doubted that anyone had survived .
tr	PRES	I swing around , startled , and am face-to-face with the handler .
tr	PRES	" We 've gone this far , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He compared it letter by letter .
tr	PAST	When his legs gave out , he collapsed on top of me , almost spearing me with the handle of my own dagger .
tr	PRES	The thought occurs to Admiral Perry in less than an instant .
tr	PRES	I swing out an outstretched hand to the desperate girl and grab her palm with mine .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed a little too loudly .
tr	PAST	As the giant cat drew near , the soldier coiled into a fighting stance , sword held ready .
tr	PRES	" Should I signal the troops manning the catapults ? "
tr	PRES	" Here you go , ladies .
tr	PAST	' I feared she would .
tr	PRES	" You would mock me as your people mocked the Gods , " the ninja points out , growing almost cavalier .
tr	PAST	- tugged at his jeans to gain his attention , looking up at him with big , imploring eyes .
tr	PRES	His hands roam down from my breasts to my thighs .
tr	PAST	When they had finished , they produced more .
tr	PAST	" What about Janet Milford ? "
tr	PAST	" More exciting than ... " " Um , than flag football , " I say , proud I remembered another version so quickly .
tr	PRES	' How mysterious , ' I teased .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to lean in closer with his right hand .
tr	PAST	I would 've never risked your baby 's life if I had . "
tr	PAST	With a burst of excitement , Viggo skipped over to the grand piano .
tr	PAST	Pulling out of Tony 's grasp , Sarah stormed up the steps to confront her nemesis .
tr	PAST	" Go get Kit , " he reiterated .
tr	PAST	He sniffed ... and then he sniffed again .
tr	PRES	Just further proof that she isn 't human .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " she lies .
tr	PAST	" She protected me . "
tr	PRES	" You did a horrible thing to me , Suzy , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	Back when he was just an associate in a huge law firm , nobody beyond his secretary and supervising attorney caring what he did .
tr	PRES	Lucy holds out her hand in a stop motion .
tr	PAST	Zack dove back to the base , barely beating the throw .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " I mumbled , trying to concentrate .
tr	PAST	Her stomach churned , but she forced herself to get past her aversion and examine Skyler 's body .
tr	PRES	He whipped around , cloak whirling , and several knives flew at me .
tr	PAST	I washed the dried blood from my face and tried to fix my hair to make it not look disgusting .
tr	PAST	Nothing in her life measured as amazing a gift .
tr	PAST	' Comms is fine , sir , ' Gilmore reported .
tr	PAST	Her mother , who happened to come home an hour earlier than usual , prevented Elena from vandalism .
tr	PAST	Pushing through double doors , Aiden retreated to the chapel 's kitchen .
tr	PRES	Prewitt stands , nodding .
tr	PAST	She pitched all that remained of the tiny bud over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	The rational side of me tries to calm me .
tr	PRES	We originated in the Carpathian Mountains , and we refer to ourselves as Carpathian .
tr	PRES	" Ye hath come home .
tr	PAST	The energy put out by the bars tickled my hand .
tr	PAST	Fear and Violence accompanied Prez whenever he made deals .
tr	PRES	" No , not that place , " whispers Bouncer .
tr	PRES	She wears a white blouse and a black skirt , and has her hands behind her head .
tr	PAST	I doubted they ever had .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and holds me gently , almost like he 's embarrassed that we 're in an embrace .
tr	PRES	" Relax , " beamed Breedlove .
tr	PAST	He stomped away and flicked on a light switch .
tr	PAST	come bearing gifts , " she joked , putting the ice bucket and brandy on the small table with the wine .
tr	PAST	Nate sincerely doubted it .
tr	PAST	When I told him I knew nothing , he conjured a great black cloud and wrapped it around my body .
tr	PAST	He stuffed his glove into his gear bag .
tr	PRES	I assume that means ' in another time . '
tr	PAST	She immediately dismissed that idea , thinking that surely one person did not need a cleaning service .
tr	PRES	Black , Ebon , Raven .
tr	PRES	Got a taste of what it was really like , instead of just hearing the romanticized version they teach at school .
tr	PRES	" Did you teach yourself not to squint ? "
tr	PRES	Says I told you to stop .
tr	PRES	He peels the mattress of the cot away from the frame .
tr	PRES	I lean into him , put my arms around his neck .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the air , made a gruff meow and then bounded into the night towards the river .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " he rasped , his voice a rough whisper as he continued to tug the fabric up around my waist .
tr	PRES	The stairwell splits into two directions that lead to each side of the house .
tr	PRES	I chew on the wheat .
tr	PAST	But every moment we delayed , Fade got farther away ... and the danger of his situation increased .
tr	PAST	The man elbowed one of his companions , then took a step toward the street .
tr	PRES	" This feels so good , " she whispers , breathless as she brings her hands up to my shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Everybody loves Trev . "
tr	PRES	Flashing blue lights kill the conversation as a cop car passes .
tr	PAST	She uttered a low moan and arched upward to give him access .
tr	PAST	The other clutched her long knife .
tr	PRES	The Mark nodded grimly and stepped up his pace .
tr	PAST	' There 's the Festival tomorrow , lads , ' rumbled Cliff .
tr	PAST	As she ran down the cobblestone streets , the tents and marketplace collapsed in a flutter of fabric and knocked over support poles .
tr	PRES	Can I untie him ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone in this town loves you . "
tr	PAST	I 'll take rocks any day over being a lab rat or working with one , " I countered .
tr	PRES	The main door opens ; the spheres leave at full speed .
tr	PAST	Anger exploded inside of me and I could barely think .
tr	PRES	" You swim in the nude ? "
tr	PAST	Nash preferred to live in the present and had done well at it until Ethan returned to town , dragging all the ugly stuff with him .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " a chorus of cheers arose .
tr	PRES	" That pesky little case of yours ? "
tr	PRES	" What brings you to the Realm of Light ? "
tr	PRES	He lets out a breath .
tr	PAST	Even though he killed vampires every day , he cringed away from the idea of killing his own flesh and blood .
tr	PAST	Clary shrieked into the phone .
tr	PRES	So I snuck into the woods behind my aunt 's house and fired at stumps for hours .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " John clutched the black powder bag as if he expected her to leap from the hammock and take it from him .
tr	PRES	Bob and Jan Dove .
tr	PAST	Desperation , " I countered .
tr	PRES	And the slaughterhouse buyer buys our cattle by bulk carcass weight .
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , everyone tends to think in simplistic absolutes of black and white . "
tr	PRES	The skin rips away from my palms , and the orbs lift up , pushing against the fabric of my gloves .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the offer , Kaylee , but I want to be miserable in my own bed . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , slowly slurring her words together .
tr	PAST	He trusted Kaden to keep the other men moving .
tr	PRES	" Let 's go eat , " Crewe invites from the homey porch where the sun shines brightly .
tr	PRES	And the one the police hauled away .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , turning to face him and his broad grin , then before she knew what she was doing , she leapt into his arms .
tr	PRES	A punch to the chief 's ego that it was .
tr	PAST	Both women squealed at a fresh peel of thunder outside .
tr	PAST	He usually preferred meeting clients in the office out on Palm Canyon and driving them over to the property in his big Jaguar .
tr	PRES	He holds me in his strong arms , wrapping them around me , pulling me close to him .
tr	PRES	And risking my life for that fucking crown so that we could finally have peace . "
tr	PAST	You acted like you just wanted in my pants . "
tr	PRES	" How romantic , " I observe .
tr	PAST	As I follow his eyes , I realize my hand is on his shirt , my fingers fisted around the cloth , clutching it .
tr	PAST	" Dreamer , talk , " urged Agnes , looking at her .
tr	PAST	I zigzagged through the mess and caught my people as they made it to the truck .
tr	PAST	I cringed as I said it .
tr	PAST	I collapsed once more against his bare chest and sighed .
tr	PRES	Not this filth . "
tr	PRES	" And so , Susan , " he slurred , " how have you passed this fine day ?
tr	PAST	" He was a very powerful witch , " his voice pitched in an interested tone on the last word .
tr	PRES	The afternoon passes quickly and we run out of water .
tr	PAST	Anger coiled through him that he would be so stupid again .
tr	PRES	" I apologise for Mr Gorn 's outburst .
tr	PAST	" Now , you 're talking , " Linden approved , and then turned toward the bar .
tr	PRES	He sees himself as cursed - he is cursed - and his precious God Empress is the only one who can keep him sane .
tr	PRES	But remember , English , my dear . "
tr	PAST	As I crossed it , I faltered to a stop , my lungs heaving .
tr	PAST	He hooked his thumbs into her panties and pushed them down her round ass .
tr	PRES	" He stretches his hand out to Rian .
tr	PAST	We keep skirting that thought , Flattery reflected .
tr	PAST	Dylan 's green eyes twinkled with amusement .
tr	PAST	Duncan sensed Tara 's presence in his head .
tr	PAST	My stomach tipped over .
tr	PRES	The sparking gate flashes and sizzles much differently than Warrior 's .
tr	PRES	" People snap . "
tr	PRES	" Go ahead , " I urge .
tr	PRES	He carries me across the room toward the one corner of the apartment that isn 't covered in boxes or disassembled furniture .
tr	PAST	She bounced her in her arms and the cries began to quiet .
tr	PRES	He crawls upward , using his claws as well as the cord .
tr	PAST	They did pray however , they prayed for the Gods to ease their journey and carry them into the protection of the Hollow Hills .
tr	PRES	The man points at me and places his hand on his waist then nods .
tr	PRES	She stops for a second before shaking her head and continues pacing .
tr	PAST	He dealt in real-estate deals all across the world .
tr	PAST	Ajax 's voice rumbled through the library , and the coach walked down the aisle in our direction .
tr	PRES	" Hullo Rosie . "
tr	PRES	" He owes gambling debts so he may have been desperate to get that money from Joe . "
tr	PAST	Buttons leaped with excitement ; Moore 's body sagged limply against its protective ring .
tr	PRES	She pushes it back .
tr	PRES	Until I see the curtain wiggle .
tr	PAST	After taking a calming breath , I slowly inched inside of her , making sure to be gentle .
tr	PRES	The butcher draws a knife across the neck right in that spot because it 's one of the life centers of the body .
tr	PAST	John cheered up and went to bed happy .
tr	PAST	Bryony slowed , and turned to look at Edwin on the steps below her .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the light , and stared at herself in the mirror .
tr	PAST	Mary charged at him , banging his side with her nuzzle .
tr	PAST	The monster screeched as that seemed to cause it pain .
tr	PRES	Several moments later , he returns .
tr	PAST	Satisfied with the job he had done , he motioned for Haven to get in the car , but she didn 't budge .
tr	PAST	The glass dome only fractured but with the creature laying awkwardly on it , the fine lines splintered in larger gaps .
tr	PRES	Despite this , Curtis carries on regardless .
tr	PRES	I wiggle out of his hold and flip him over , and it 's my turn to be on top .
tr	PRES	Suspicion creeps into me and I lean away .
tr	PAST	Except for the young man still engaged in his high-brow literature .
tr	PAST	" If she wasn 't so dang delectable , I may be able to , " Damien taunted him .
tr	PRES	As they approached the bridge , the heat spiked to a blistering degree .
tr	PRES	" Pristine , elegant , sophisticated .
tr	PRES	Worry consumes her face , and I force myself to enter the room to keep her from bolting off the floor .
tr	PAST	I mean , what the hell Wes , what 's left to tell ?
tr	PRES	" Is that correct , Caterina ? "
tr	PAST	Her bright baby blues bounced among the three of us .
tr	PRES	A bright spark flashes and a searing pop and fizzle hisses through the room as the screen is destroyed by their bodies .
tr	PRES	Feeding well , and on a regular basis helps with this , as does age and maturity .
tr	PRES	Mr. Littleton refuses to back down .
tr	PAST	The continued visits where he had all but ignored her , treated her with a coldness he had not felt but which had nevertheless been necessary .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand , and he missed her touch .
tr	PRES	Ella suddenly lets out a deafening squeal as a guy rushes up behind her and wraps his arms around her waist .
tr	PRES	" It is only borrowed for the occasion , " Sarah mumbled .
tr	PAST	We all collected pieces of wood and started a fire to keep warm .
tr	PAST	Megan tugged on his hand .
tr	PAST	I phoned them all , apologising for the late call and promising it was an emergency .
tr	PAST	Her voice projected loudly across the yard .
tr	PAST	His skull itched and his head throbbed , the telltale signs that the Grandmaster was about to communicate .
tr	PRES	Says the boy who asked his father to give me to him .
tr	PAST	Strom seized his chance , edging carefully around his cover , and sprinted towards the nearest building , hugging the wall when he reached it .
tr	PRES	He just likes to have things .
tr	PRES	He stands on his own and whirls his arm free from my grasp .
tr	PRES	" What kind of experiments ? "
tr	PAST	Because someone prevented his men from being successful on their prior attempts , Garrison surmised that he would most likely need two attempts to kill her .
tr	PRES	I engage my brain in establishing whether if I hit the deck I will be contained within the safety locus of the stairs .
tr	PAST	Victoria sniffed the air , and for the first time all night , she looked at Ethan with what could only be labeled contempt .
tr	PRES	" Elise and I were talking about having kids , until ... " " Until what ? "
tr	PRES	Leith 's face shone like the sun .
tr	PAST	He caressed her arm and felt a small , hard , unnatural lump .
tr	PAST	And he preferred to avoid that , given the situation , at least for now .
tr	PAST	Dominic 's voice boomed through the otherwise silent room .
tr	PAST	This way each new cook received their own cleaning handiwork for cooking their first meal .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side , late-night breeze caressing her cheek .
tr	PAST	I downed the warm beer and scanned the frat party from my armchair perch .
tr	PRES	He tends to ramble on when he has my ear , but I wondered . "
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Bonnie ? "
tr	PAST	The road plunged at once into the darkness of the woods .
tr	PAST	Wow , that 's pressure , ' he pondered .
tr	PRES	" How dare you confront me with a list of accusations and give me ultimatums about my future ! "
tr	PAST	The scent of her freshly washed hair as she walked beside him chased away the rest of the world .
tr	PAST	she accused , spinning towards the slider .
tr	PRES	The inside of her mouth tastes like sugar and mint .
tr	PRES	A pang of sadness rips through my insides , slicing arteries and veins along its path .
tr	PRES	Malcolm holds it , and swings it around the room .
tr	PAST	A feeling washed over Finn then .
tr	PAST	It cost him his job , his life , and got him branded as a terrorist .
tr	PRES	I cherish order , predictability , and routine , not the chaos and disorder that seem to surround you and yours . "
tr	PRES	Stuart revved his way forward .
tr	PAST	Suddenly lights twinkled and lit up , cascading from tree to tree , from bush to bush .
tr	PRES	" The shops ? "
tr	PRES	" I align with no one .
tr	PRES	Carmen giggles and moves away from me to turn on the bath .
tr	PRES	Spreading his arms , the wind threatening to push him to the ground or over the railing , he braced himself and stared out to the ocean .
tr	PAST	The frown that appeared imbedded onto his face suddenly lightened .
tr	PRES	' It binds the individual into a whole . '
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , when I saw Alexander .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of Sydney , not in the spirit magic way I 'd hoped , but in the normal way .
tr	PRES	The creature closed in , screaming and howling , its outline brightening as it neared .
tr	PRES	" The tattoo , Cooper , Inhale the future , exhale the past .
tr	PAST	She swiped her phone to answer .
tr	PAST	The bridge featured four exit points .
tr	PAST	She slapped Ray 's feet .
tr	PRES	Why Olivia sneaks and lies to her parents to spend more time with Cash .
tr	PRES	He slides his hands into the pockets of his white coat and pulls one of his knees up , settling his foot against the wall behind him .
tr	PRES	Turns out even NASA can 't improve on duct tape .
tr	PRES	She reaches out and replaces my hand with her own , stroking me expertly , caressing the tip with her thumb .
tr	PAST	" Sounds hot , " she surmised irresponsibly .
tr	PRES	Isaac holds up his hand .
tr	PRES	He stands his ground , digging frantically into the pockets while Krauss shoves him .
tr	PRES	Even through the wrong bushes ... it throws the map off . "
tr	PAST	I hopped up and buckled myself in .
tr	PRES	" Are you trying to make me jealous , wench ?
tr	PRES	As if the situation could not get any worse , the spotlight shone on a man who had just stood up in the audience .
tr	PAST	Instead , her mouth curved slightly and she gave an almost imperceptible nod .
tr	PAST	" Don 't stop now , " he urged before taking another sip of scotch .
tr	PRES	" Hmmm ... good , I don 't need you thinking about me that way , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Then the beat and the motor dimmed , and the neighborhood returned to sleep mode .
tr	PAST	Bliss tickled along her ribs and over her belly .
tr	PAST	With a sigh of sheer weariness , I hauled myself to my feet and opened the bedroom door to reenter my family 's life .
tr	PRES	Melissa clutches my sister 's arm .
tr	PAST	Looking into the eyes that pierced , waiting for them to blaze .
tr	PAST	Ellis and Miles proved of some use in this endeavor .
tr	PRES	Lord Loss throws me down .
tr	PRES	As I recall . "
tr	PAST	So naturally , Lucan pursued her .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PRES	Our people estimate that it may take until midnight to get them all through . "
tr	PAST	My skin crawled , but I didn 't know why .
tr	PRES	" Yes , your highness . "
tr	PRES	" Someone wove this into your hair , Hettie .
tr	PRES	He stops chewing and looks at me .
tr	PAST	Sebastian eyed his spitfire wife in wounded astonishment .
tr	PAST	At last Vee and I plunged into the cold night air .
tr	PRES	" As if we 'd expose ourselves , not to mention Cathy to all that danger for a naughty weekend . "
tr	PRES	With wide eyes , I observe the petals haunting the air .
tr	PRES	" My manhood . "
tr	PRES	" Well , I assume you are going to live . "
tr	PAST	Taking her distraction as a cue , I attempted to struggle out of her deadly grip .
tr	PAST	I clutched the bag to my chest .
tr	PAST	Lucia wriggled , eating tortilla strips while Sara cradled the phone to her ear , waiting for the call to go through .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it and found the smeared words illegible except for one name : Robert Piedmont .
tr	PRES	My body climbs higher and higher away from reality .
tr	PRES	" The X Women ? "
tr	PAST	She alighted in the bow of the boat , wobbling on the wooden seat , but steady .
tr	PAST	I thanked Sally and rang off .
tr	PRES	It tends to get streaks in it that are nearly white by midsummer .
tr	PAST	The sudden chill in the air jolted him back to the present .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply ; noting the rich scent of cigars seemed to cling to the freshly painted walls .
tr	PAST	Josie eyed her coolly and answered honestly .
tr	PRES	Weber paces back and forth for a moment .
tr	PAST	As if we had one mind Jack reversed the rifle and clubbed Darcy in the head with the stock .
tr	PAST	The algae green waters churned around me , bubbles blocking my view .
tr	PAST	I flicked him a glance .
tr	PAST	Anger and rage swirled inside Riley .
tr	PAST	Rema 's wristband stated her birth name was Tabitha .
tr	PAST	On certain places , he lingered longer than was necessary , filling her with a bitter anger .
tr	PAST	It gratified me , validated me , but it was all empty , a facade .
tr	PAST	Tears stung my eyes when his familiar deep voice came across the airwaves .
tr	PRES	I chew my lip with worry as my heart increases its beats with fear .
tr	PAST	With the butt of her gun , she smashed the window and let herself in .
tr	PRES	" And sirs ... good beer , " she mumbled as she set the mugs in front of them .
tr	PAST	' I don 't know what to say , ' Evie uttered .
tr	PAST	With a nod of satisfaction , Callie motioned to Eve .
tr	PAST	She would be cast out of the heavens , her immortality stripped , her wings ripped from her back .
tr	PRES	He stops a breath away from me , just like he did in the room .
tr	PAST	Ashe whipped out his cell and dialed Winkler 's number .
tr	PAST	The Guardian Richard slowed his breathing , concentrating on Julie 's image .
tr	PRES	I wipe the table off and walk to the sink to rinse out the rag .
tr	PAST	Abby cocked a hip .
tr	PRES	" The House of Haag holds the key . "
tr	PRES	" Rude cow . "
tr	PAST	He plunged his fingers into me again , this time harder .
tr	PAST	" Invincible , " Marika taunted , her spooky laugh once again filling the glade .
tr	PAST	My eyes squinted , and I lifted my hand , shielding my face from the morning sun .
tr	PAST	John sensed a presence he was not familiar with .
tr	PRES	She no longer holds my hand .
tr	PAST	Bark exploded into the air , raining down around me .
tr	PRES	" You own a piece of me , " he murmurs as he holds me afterward .
tr	PRES	" Since just before midday . "
tr	PAST	All around me things shattered and exploded , scaring me .
tr	PAST	She attempted to dredge up similar attachment to her own life and felt nothing .
tr	PRES	... you are new , " a woman states .
tr	PRES	Kit stops me at the door .
tr	PRES	Frank stands and coughs into his cupped hand , then straightens , all business .
tr	PRES	Trying to relax , I lean against the headboard of the bed and grab the remote to the ancient TV .
tr	PAST	The children moved toward the ponds until they spied on the far bank , the landmark described on the map .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , then nod .
tr	PAST	People eyed him and some of them shuffled , but no one wanted to lose his or her place in line .
tr	PRES	I hobble in and set the plate on her bed .
tr	PRES	Knox relaxes and sighs heavily .
tr	PAST	" I 'm good , " Kat chimed in .
tr	PAST	Not the leader , he sensed that , so maybe one of the broken vamps behind him had planned everything .
tr	PAST	" Continue walking straight ahead , " Veronica mentally instructed .
tr	PAST	As she turned around , her phone beeped .
tr	PAST	Then blackness swirled in , carrying me away .
tr	PAST	We named it Kevin . "
tr	PRES	" Everything ok with you ? "
tr	PAST	He thanked the couple profusely and slid into the back as gently as he could with Suzy on his lap .
tr	PAST	The man staggered backward , his heart pierced , front and back , by his own weapon .
tr	PAST	Men desired her physically , but wanted the power of her mother 's throne and the royal status much more .
tr	PAST	Dangerous debris floated everywhere : spare lumber , plastic trash buckets , even a toppled palm , still potted in its crate .
tr	PRES	" Tell me about your stay with the foster , " Judge Sutton pushes the proceedings ' pace .
tr	PAST	He buzzed me in and sent the elevator down .
tr	PAST	She silently prayed for peace .
tr	PAST	Cara stated the obvious as we settled into our seats in the bleachers .
tr	PRES	The box creaks as I open it .
tr	PRES	Her expression changes drastically as she locks eyes with Reece .
tr	PAST	We designed the Japanese restaurant at the top of the mountain in Suffern . "
tr	PAST	Inwardly , I berated myself for assuming that Kelly must be a man , just because she was a detective .
tr	PAST	His words mingled quite nicely with the melody , " Pet , I love you , I love you , I LOVE YOU ! "
tr	PRES	" Turns out he passed through the judge 's courtroom years back on pandering charges .
tr	PRES	" Someone 's still alive , " I plead .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , as we now know , the ballistics excluded this weapon . "
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto the floor in exhaustion .
tr	PRES	And whatever changes did occur in him only helped our studies further . "
tr	PAST	" He ambushed me once .
tr	PAST	He pursued for each step she retreated .
tr	PRES	" But ... " I hesitate , confused .
tr	PAST	Keeping his arms around her , he willed the two of them to his apartment .
tr	PRES	Duce stands then slides his hands over her .
tr	PAST	Rolling her beneath him , he gifted her with a devilish smile .
tr	PAST	Tasha regarded him curiously .
tr	PRES	" What responsibilities ? "
tr	PRES	Tears threaten to spill , betrayal attacking me all over again .
tr	PRES	" And your tight pants , " I add .
tr	PAST	I reread it again carefully , then threw it into the fire .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my fedora .
tr	PRES	The world fades away and it 's just us , murmuring I love yous in between kisses .
tr	PAST	The first crack of thunder rendered all in the vicinity silent .
tr	PRES	' Okay , so you tell me , ' I snap .
tr	PRES	Here in South Carolina , where places like this exist . "
tr	PAST	When he still didn 't respond , some of the light in her eyes dimmed .
tr	PRES	This brings me to Radcliffe and Howarth .
tr	PRES	The sky there flashes with funnels .
tr	PAST	After years of fearlessness , secure in their own immortality , they had each acted selflessly to find each other before hearing the message urging quarantine .
tr	PAST	Starting the engine , Susannah barreled out of her parking spot and headed for the house , praying all the while that Chrissie was home .
tr	PAST	Put your hand of healing on her heart and let her find peace and joy here with me , " he prayed .
tr	PRES	" Your cousin wears lacy socks and knit dresses ? "
tr	PRES	" What about Janelle ? "
tr	PAST	" You probably want to be left alone , " he mumbled , reaching for his own magazine .
tr	PRES	Pythagoras , however , one of ancient Greece 's most celebrated mathematicians , and a mystic to boot , begged to differ .
tr	PAST	" Well , William just kind of freaked out .
tr	PAST	Outside once more , Timmy clutched the key with elated vigor as he walked the night streets of Shillings District .
tr	PRES	" Hatred of that magnitude changes our disposition and we evolve into something far more irrepressible .
tr	PAST	He soaked it up , bloomed under it .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the dual cockpit .
tr	PRES	Karyn dissolved into a coughing fit , leaving Savannah unsure about ... everything .
tr	PRES	" Some of us have to communicate the hard way , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Padme stomped her foot .
tr	PAST	The landlord installed a large picture window on the rear of the house , so there 's a gorgeous view .
tr	PAST	The hairs at the center of her body tickled his stomach as her wetness teased him with promise .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , Doctor . "
tr	PAST	She elbowed him in the side .
tr	PAST	When she found him , she clasped a gloved hand over her mouth , containing a sob .
tr	PAST	" I know I 'm probably the last person you want to hear from right now , " his voice floated into my ear , rushed .
tr	PAST	As the end of the line pulled away , Ethan squinted into the darkness .
tr	PRES	He stands way too close and smells way too good .
tr	PRES	Except calmer , much calmer .
tr	PRES	He likes helping me .
tr	PRES	She hates this packaged crap . "
tr	PRES	" What about Alec ?
tr	PRES	" Makeup kit ? "
tr	PRES	Fiona screwed the cap back on the polish and dropped it into the bag with her clothes .
tr	PAST	In another world , the leaden shroud that settled over my soul would have stirred suicidal thoughts and sent a legion of roots squirming after reach me .
tr	PRES	for this The don 'ts succeed in understanding their absurdity attachment to the things , to the objects . "
tr	PAST	Gayle pretended to contemplate this .
tr	PAST	When I got back to my room I collapsed into sleep and that was how I spent the rest of my day and night .
tr	PRES	As he 'd feared , that announcement definitely ruined the mood .
tr	PAST	She preferred to sleep near the work that was more important , and more important to her young but serious mind .
tr	PAST	I 'll take you to it , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	* Michael dreamed of betrayal .
tr	PAST	Julian hopped off the stage and swept Camille into his arms .
tr	PAST	Eve extended her finger wiping it , and then licked the black substance with her forked tongue .
tr	PRES	I wove in with him , drawn by his recklessness , laughing openly at him and at everything , and he laughed back , free of malice .
tr	PRES	He loves you , my lover , but he 'd marry her out of sheer pride tomorrow . '
tr	PRES	I text him a couple of times , but he doesn 't respond .
tr	PRES	It opens on a wide white corridor lined with red doors , which look almost decorative compared to the gray ones on the upper floors .
tr	PRES	Before I can even react she wraps me in a hug .
tr	PAST	Instead , the vehicle glided forward a few inches and then stopped , stuck in what must be six inches of snow .
tr	PAST	" But you attended various talks and meetings ? "
tr	PRES	She put the skillet down , the baby 's smile fading .
tr	PAST	Peter trudged in from the sun and collapsed on the ground beside him .
tr	PAST	It exploded far away from them .
tr	PRES	" Not when you 're famous , Mackenzie .
tr	PAST	He squirted some medicine on a cotton swab and dabbed it on the cut .
tr	PRES	He padded toward the crib , his nails clicking on the wooden floor .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her hands into oversized mitts and removed a pecan pie from the oven .
tr	PRES	" And great concentration .
tr	PAST	He stomped on the pincer , sending it back into the earth .
tr	PRES	Faded spades shone on the brick storefront of Greensleeves Tobacco Emporium .
tr	PAST	When they reached the tree , Jenny giggled .
tr	PRES	Bobby stares down at his plate .
tr	PAST	" In name only " Howell ground out between clenched teeth .
tr	PRES	He points to the ground on his way back to his car .
tr	PRES	My boy sees to the place . "
tr	PRES	" Are you asking my permission to ... to ... ravish me ? "
tr	PAST	Her reflection smiled at me as she spun around , her lips painted in burgundy lip gloss .
tr	PAST	exclaimed Hector , " A most fortunate coincidence , for we are heading home to Buenos Aires .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and shut her up .
tr	PRES	It mercilessly slid back , the face expressionless .
tr	PRES	Because it is real , you idiot .
tr	PAST	We estimated that it was six miles across , if one were to run straight through it .
tr	PRES	Marae touches my elbow and draws me aside .
tr	PRES	" Stupid animal , " I mutter , reaching down and tugging up my tights .
tr	PRES	" And a witness . "
tr	PAST	Everything about him revolted me .
tr	PAST	The dome stretched upward for three stories , Rue estimated .
tr	PAST	She froze as ice-cold , numbing fear filled her .
tr	PRES	The red sweater taunts me .
tr	PRES	His white skin shone with a little glow that distinguished vampires from humans .
tr	PAST	Then , without any further wavering they charged - the fight was on .
tr	PAST	She giggled , wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me , which made me wish we were anywhere but a crowded bar .
tr	PRES	' ' Humph ... Well , I hope you succeed .
tr	PRES	And it stands to reason he did the other attacks , too ; I 'll ask him about that .
tr	PAST	Wagons and carriages inched through the masses , and hordes of the poorer people filled in every gap .
tr	PAST	It was then , both their heads cocked as they sensed Sonia 's approach .
tr	PRES	Whenever I try to think about only Cooper , Dream Guy pops into my thoughts .
tr	PAST	The vampire regarded Lyall up and down in a very considering sort of way .
tr	PRES	No basement access panels or ventilation shafts .
tr	PRES	" Tonight , we celebrate . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it 's getting hot and sweaty down there , " Connor murmurs , his hand pushing my hair off my face .
tr	PRES	" The randy Devil ! "
tr	PAST	Using his ability of astral projection Zane created two identical versions of himself , each one capable of fighting just as well as the original .
tr	PRES	" No ghosts ? "
tr	PAST	I highly doubted he could see through buildings .
tr	PAST	She wagged a finger at him , then unzipped his dark blue jeans in one quick move , tugging his briefs down too .
tr	PAST	Her family fled when Lenin took over .
tr	PAST	Kojima saluted , but winked at Renna when Finn turned around .
tr	PRES	" Does she belong to Worth the Wait ? "
tr	PRES	The monks dedicate their lives to protect the light , and all that is good across the nine realms .
tr	PRES	Oliver whispered , turning so that his body was flush against mine , his lips brushing my ear .
tr	PRES	They let him in before James knew what was happening , he explains to her .
tr	PRES	he bellows over the wind , his face split in a wide grin .
tr	PRES	" What opens them ? "
tr	PRES	My eyes snap up .
tr	PAST	I couldn 't do a striptease for you then , and ... Oh , I shouldn 't give it all away , " she taunted him .
tr	PRES	Frankie approaches the door and whispers , " This is my last party for a while .
tr	PAST	I joked , but I couldn 't laugh .
tr	PAST	Slowly , they steered their suits towards the bigger ship .
tr	PAST	I reappeared in the throne room twenty-two seconds later and grinned .
tr	PAST	Michael described it as a yearlong role where they 'd both get a payout in the end .
tr	PAST	Alanna regarded me for a moment before answering .
tr	PAST	Hyperion squinted and looked at him from head to toe .
tr	PAST	Thinking it might be Gaston calling to check on her again , she tensed .
tr	PAST	I inched closer to him and rested my hand over his .
tr	PAST	I inquired , like a gothic Nancy Drew .
tr	PAST	Dee clasped him , silencing him as she unrolled the condom with a languorous stroke .
tr	PRES	She lets out this whimpering moan that I 've never heard before and I just about lose it .
tr	PAST	They sensed that they turned many corners until they heard a heavy wooden door opening .
tr	PRES	The carriage stops beside the gates of a dark house .
tr	PAST	I willed the tension , stress , and irritation to leave my body .
tr	PAST	My feet slapped off the concrete and then the asphalt .
tr	PAST	Maybe her sick mind conjured up his strange way of moving and her obsessive attraction to him ?
tr	PAST	All of the buildings matched , built in an elegant dark brown wood in a modern log cabin style , with huge reflective windows .
tr	PRES	The tub , the water , her bulk -- stuck fast like stacked , damp , plastic tumblers , impossible to part unless they are frozen .
tr	PRES	" We 're different , Megs , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	I take a step forward , inspecting them with their white matching robes , their bare feet dangling listless , arms limp to their sides .
tr	PAST	Her body vibrated with a welcoming shudder .
tr	PRES	" Just a precaution . "
tr	PRES	She uses her sleeve to wipe away her tears .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Malone ? "
tr	PAST	Nate shuffled toward the pedestal , taking small , cautious steps .
tr	PRES	" I have to go to work , mama , " she states quickly .
tr	PAST	" Knock it off .
tr	PAST	They urged caution in this new legal arena .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know what you 're doing , " I confess , feeling afraid and stupid .
tr	PAST	This time I sensed menace in his voice .
tr	PAST	The night sky swirled above her .
tr	PRES	" It was a secret , " she explains , adjusting her gaze back to me .
tr	PAST	Her tongue flicked across the slit at the top of his dick and his whole body seized up .
tr	PRES	" But , sadly , it explains a good deal . "
tr	PAST	My two best friends were butchered .
tr	PAST	Jenna announced , excited .
tr	PRES	She stares longer than she should , but not nearly as long as I want her to .
tr	PRES	No lies , no matter what . "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER ONE The morning 's caller was strange to say the very least .
tr	PAST	Something he greatly feared that Julian was going to have to do very soon .
tr	PRES	" Nope , " I mumbled against his skin .
tr	PAST	Chapter 29 Fleeing the castle , Battista sought refuge in the dark of the night .
tr	PAST	With a sigh of pleasure , she collapsed against him , obviously drained of every last ounce of energy .
tr	PRES	Joe stops the car .
tr	PAST	She clutched the hair at her scalp as she berated herself .
tr	PAST	asks Gary , looking genuinely puzzled .
tr	PAST	He gently tugged at the inside of the case and pulled out a stiff rectangle of paper , about half the size of a playing card .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked over the For Sale ads again , focusing on newer cars , more expensive cars .
tr	PAST	I crouched , hooking my arms under the backs of her knees .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the soft beat of wings and an answering coo announced the arrival of another pigeon .
tr	PRES	It stretches across untold miles of space .
tr	PRES	He stands , sniffing the air .
tr	PRES	She giggles as she pulls her fingers in and snaps them out and a ball flies from her hand .
tr	PAST	He limped over with a double of Evan Williams and a water chaser .
tr	PRES	They belong to the kingdom of heaven .
tr	PRES	Talk them to death ?
tr	PAST	When she heard a girl 's voice coming from thefirst bedroom , she froze , hoping it was Sylvia .
tr	PRES	Francesca helps line them up in chronological order on the table as I pull them out .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " Ajax rumbled .
tr	PAST	A little blue bird swooped down , finding a spot on the awning over Carolina Dreams ' door .
tr	PRES	She no longer plays house with Kim doing made-up chores .
tr	PAST	" That is exactly what I would suggest , " Mr. Stott approved .
tr	PRES	" Deep breaths . "
tr	PRES	The floor creaks beneath each slow step I take .
tr	PAST	Kneeling in front of his son , James battled the sting in his eyes .
tr	PAST	" They 're all dead , " Aedan reported .
tr	PRES	Heard hoarse breathing sound .
tr	PRES	Sean glances over his shoulder at me , on his way to the bar on the other side of the hotel room .
tr	PRES	Not wounds , or pestilence , but immortality itself . "
tr	PAST	" Yeah , thanks ... " Jeff pinched the bridge of his nose , groaning .
tr	PAST	" You 've done this before , " one of the other campers stated as a question .
tr	PAST	I yelled , but my voice faded , frustration replaced by fear as I faced my mother .
tr	PRES	He kills because he considers it his duty . "
tr	PRES	I told you then , it changes nothing . "
tr	PRES	Some good-natured ribbing begins as I get playful pushes and slaps on the back .
tr	PAST	Ashley cinched the belt on her hospital robe tighter .
tr	PAST	He risked his life when he stayed and took care of me .
tr	PRES	Stray wisps of hair tickle my face .
tr	PRES	" He is probably hiding somewhere , " I mutter with ill grace .
tr	PRES	Jude snuck a glance toward the tented throne and brought his eyes back to Alma .
tr	PAST	Nearly fifty swordsmen crouched unseen in the trees .
tr	PAST	I still mourned him , for he had been a good companion .
tr	PRES	If she tries anything ?
tr	PAST	He cocked one brow .
tr	PAST	She froze and watched it come towards her .
tr	PAST	And even then , Nick cringed .
tr	PAST	Ashlyn giggled at me and passed out the sandwiches to the guys .
tr	PRES	Whether for farmhands , relatives , or political supporters , the food cooks the same .
tr	PRES	You nearly kil ed him .
tr	PAST	He stomped on the rocky ground beneath him a few times .
tr	PRES	He whispers into the radio .
tr	PAST	I tugged my neck to the left , cracking it before exhaling loudly .
tr	PAST	Aunt Maud , who had vanished , suddenly reappeared behind her dragging another mattress , upon which she placed the thick patchwork quilt .
tr	PRES	Because Echo is a touchy-feely girl , she hugs me .
tr	PAST	She doubted that he could have looked any more dumbfounded if she had just told him that she intended to join a cloistered order of nuns .
tr	PAST	Ramirez saluted me as he left my quarters .
tr	PAST	Hanna screeched , willing it out of her brain .
tr	PRES	I bury my nose in his shirt , inhaling his earthy smell of grass and leather and hay .
tr	PAST	I stormed to the closest guard station , but a dressed down Clark met me before I reached it .
tr	PRES	His tongue dueled with hers , wild , untamed .
tr	PRES	I begged and begged for it . "
tr	PRES	Up ahead , Monika looked behind her and screamed , " Quick !
tr	PRES	- and , when the lock slides open with a click , pushes the door open firmly .
tr	PAST	I clutched one of the pillows from the couch in my arms and balled my fists in the smooth cotton .
tr	PAST	At least she opted not to use her other blades .
tr	PRES	Mutt Malvern stands motionless at the point of the cove .
tr	PAST	At first , Clint retracted like an injured animal but slowly relaxed as his breathing normalized .
tr	PRES	" Lone ... " he whispers , barely audible , still trying to focus on my face with his eyes .
tr	PAST	Devon withdrew from the window , moving swiftly through the night to the front of the manor .
tr	PRES	Hector loves a gamble on the horses . "
tr	PAST	The seconds boomed loudly between them as they remained frozen in their spot , waiting .
tr	PAST	He bounced down the stands , stepping over the seats to join some other guys at the edge of the swim team .
tr	PRES	I lean over and start untying my laces .
tr	PAST	Her back stiffened and she turned to look at me , her eyes scanning me , piercing me , trying to see what I was thinking .
tr	PRES	Anthony creeps across the bed , his eyes intently connecting with mine and I wonder what he 's doing .
tr	PAST	The menu featured only a single item , prepared a single way , and every bucket came with extra napkins and bibs .
tr	PAST	Amelia froze and whispered , " Don 't move , just be as still as you possibly can be . "
tr	PRES	The sun shone through the multi-colored dome , casting red , blue , and yellow light onto the pristine white marble floor .
tr	PRES	June wraps both arms around my waist .
tr	PAST	I scooted closer to the hole in the floor , where the water was disappearing as the tide went out .
tr	PAST	Cara practically skipped home .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , you 'll get used to it , " Carl reassured him .
tr	PRES	Her face falls and she goes pale , her eyes wide .
tr	PRES	I snap my gaze from the picture and look at her .
tr	PRES	Doyle flinches in anger .
tr	PRES	" She deserves your honesty . "
tr	PRES	Android 66 ´ s last strike , a flick of the wrist as the battered Arc falls flat on his face .
tr	PRES	She tries to divert my attention .
tr	PAST	Damien cocked his head .
tr	PRES	The song reaches all through me , echoing in weird ways inside my head until Gabe speaks again .
tr	PAST	Coughlin 's face blanched .
tr	PAST	He prayed for me to not use it but it was too late .
tr	PAST	When I stepped out of the cave and onto the island , I squinted against the blinding bright sunlight .
tr	PRES	The door opens abruptly and a man in official white walks in .
tr	PAST	I have full class today , ' I lied .
tr	PAST	Paul 's mouth curved with a knowing grin .
tr	PRES	" All your furniture matches . "
tr	PAST	They squealed and ran past him into the bar .
tr	PAST	It was a sweltering August night , sweat soaked through my cotton dress shirt , meeting the river that poured from my tortured face .
tr	PRES	" Aw , fuck me . "
tr	PRES	Did you fuck him ? "
tr	PRES	He scoots slightly further down on the bed until his lips are kissing the base of my throat .
tr	PRES	" But then I ruined your plans by showing up at the train station . "
tr	PAST	Then they retreated to the sanctuary of the forest to give Mikhail and Raven some time alone .
tr	PRES	The world freezes up and locks , and I 'm crumbling , falling in a heap on the floor .
tr	PAST	" This is the quickest way to the Summer Court , and all the other entrances will be guarded , " he stated .
tr	PRES	" Not Jess . "
tr	PRES	" with tears freezing on her cheeks .
tr	PRES	He tries to kick at me , but I just laugh and hop away .
tr	PRES	They file onto the stage , standing shortest to tallest .
tr	PAST	Somebody split his scalp with a tuna gaff , left some terrible scars .
tr	PRES	I swing around a jogger stretching near a tree .
tr	PRES	" Did he threaten you ? "
tr	PAST	Lucas outstretched his right arm and adjusted his hand into position .
tr	PRES	Little , Jean Pierre giggles .
tr	PAST	That new title , Last Human , really bothered Speed .
tr	PRES	At the Comedy Store . "
tr	PAST	" I know depressed when I see depressed , " she announced out loud to no one .
tr	PAST	" And it 's too clean , " Boone stated looking around .
tr	PRES	" What about Princess ? "
tr	PRES	Mara begins to open hers .
tr	PRES	" Gavin , your parents are right here , ok ?
tr	PAST	I shrieked and threw myself to the left , banging my shoulder on the opposite bookshelf .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears from my eyes with the back of my hand .
tr	PRES	Tiny particles of water , ice meld and mold , fit and splice .
tr	PAST	Todd 's expression of feigned sympathy transformed into one of confusion .
tr	PRES	Then the answer , the rumble of a word exhaled on a breath : " Yes . "
tr	PRES	He frowns at me .
tr	PAST	He endured all my abuse with a saintly patience that sometimes made me want to scream .
tr	PAST	The girl stares at me for so long I think she 's done speaking .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around me , leans over , and grabs a cookie from my hand with his teeth .
tr	PRES	We pile in , and Cara presses number 99 .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone as she gazed at him .
tr	PAST	I smacked his knee .
tr	PAST	They giggled as they found excuses to lightly touch each other , blushing whenever they realised they had drawn too close .
tr	PRES	" A great chase , Angelina , " he teased .
tr	PAST	The stylish black Mercedes slowed down to a stop behind a school bus that had its amber lights flashing .
tr	PRES	His hand strokes my cheek again .
tr	PAST	He plunged himself between her , his rock hard c * ck forcing itself into her tight slit .
tr	PRES	She snuck a look at Carolyn as they walked into the hall .
tr	PRES	" Not about this one , Andy .
tr	PAST	He sensed something had changed during the brief time his attention had wandered to the music and away from the dying woman .
tr	PRES	We trek contentedly to the west , following the edge of the lake , and around lunchtime we stop for a bit of fishing .
tr	PAST	The words of a new text assaulted her as soon as she looked at the screen .
tr	PRES	" A pet . "
tr	PAST	A third flash jolted my body as if I had stuck my finger in a plug socket .
tr	PRES	He gestures toward the door next to the computer monitors and closes his door .
tr	PRES	Oh , and the same promise applies as before , except that Ronald Leslie is on the list as well now . "
tr	PRES	" So all that stuff on the computer with the split sell ... " " He 'd set up some stock trades on my behalf .
tr	PRES	She stares at me .
tr	PAST	She eyed me , then grumbled something and turned away .
tr	PAST	He squinted as a curious sight in the huge clearing met his eyes .
tr	PRES	" He loves you too . "
tr	PRES	Everything we have ever learned is lies !
tr	PAST	Violet inhaled a slow , deep breath and closed her eyes , willing her thoughts to clear and her heart rate to slow .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my demos and was about to head down when Lilith gripped my shoulders .
tr	PRES	" My ' Serenity ' necklace ! "
tr	PRES	But that matter on this side tends to be a little less malleable .
tr	PAST	Her father 's breath rasped out .
tr	PRES	Alex presses a button , and a motorized sound is emitted .
tr	PAST	Dean experienced a hollow feeling in his stomach .
tr	PRES	A natural fortress to protect them from their enemies .
tr	PRES	She remains silently for a while before looking at me .
tr	PAST	Angela divided a pile in half and put her mother 's address book between us on her desk .
tr	PAST	The beaded silk garment shimmied down my body , catching on my hips .
tr	PRES	' I 'm sorry , ' he whispers .
tr	PAST	Instead , the gently rolling hills provided their own unique perspective to the landscape .
tr	PAST	" He named me Lissa Beth . "
tr	PAST	" That requires there to be something to remember , " I countered .
tr	PRES	To their credit , the legislature honored that request .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up just in time to see a guy running straight for me with his hands in the air and a football flying at him .
tr	PRES	How 's it affect Solly 's injury ? '
tr	PAST	I crawled out from under him , seeing the bright orange glow of heat and smoke that used to be our home .
tr	PAST	Kicking the blankets off , I shuffled to the foot of the bed .
tr	PAST	" Ah , your birthday feast , " Elaine exclaimed slapping her hand on her desk .
tr	PAST	He eyed me carefully , the corners of his mouth turning up .
tr	PRES	" True , but ... " Susannah 's eyes widened as the possibilities came to her .
tr	PRES	Raising an eyebrow , I teased , " You 're telling me you 're not missing keeping busy ? "
tr	PAST	He stares at me with horror filled eyes .
tr	PAST	Fear coiled around her insides , colder than ice .
tr	PAST	Both of them regarded her with amused expressions .
tr	PAST	Cold air slapped her cheeks .
tr	PRES	I lean into it , press my cheek into the palm of his hand until he 's cupping my face .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , a strange tightness in her chest .
tr	PAST	I told her it was a joke , but she said after I had told her that story , she dreamed that our child had six fingers .
tr	PAST	The look on Kourtney 's face reflected back how pathetic he sounded .
tr	PRES	He stretches me open , pushing slowly but surely until he 's all the way in .
tr	PRES	He wishes to ask Montrose permission to pay his addresses and asked if I was open to his interest . "
tr	PAST	She tugged her lightweight sweater closed over her floral sundress she 'd borrowed from Starr .
tr	PAST	Seemed she dialed the password to his libido no matter what .
tr	PRES	When it rolls out of the camera she reaches for it , but I pull it away and hide it behind my back .
tr	PRES	Ryan 's shoulders fel .
tr	PAST	" I appreciate the offer , but I 'm just going to sit inside and wait for my brother , " I lied .
tr	PRES	We disagree on every subject that 's been brought up so far . "
tr	PAST	Despite his unheard of skill with the Singularity , death claimed him and made him one of its own .
tr	PRES	" What signal ? "
tr	PAST	As we sat and recovered strength , Tres , no longer buffeted about , quieted down .
tr	PAST	Her mother tensed at her side .
tr	PAST	Boys cheered their agreement .
tr	PAST	I froze as I thought about what I had been about to write .
tr	PAST	An image of the guy who had attacked her in the first terrifying dream invaded her thoughts .
tr	PAST	Kimi enquired , coming alongside the other two .
tr	PRES	Trish giggles and hooks her arm through mine again .
tr	PAST	She wrung her hands as the tears spilled down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	" Got stabbed in the back of my leg by something like that ghoul thing you chased .
tr	PAST	Buck shuffled his way toward the front of the disembarking passengers , blowing off each comment regarding his lack of civility with a gastric grunt .
tr	PAST	Another reason she preferred the long way -- she hated anyone knowing her business , especially now when her emotions were so raw .
tr	PAST	I schooled my face and muttered pleasantries .
tr	PAST	My body tensed and my ears perked up .
tr	PRES	Thinking back at how my road here began brings a smile to my lips .
tr	PRES	And I ken ye doona love me back .
tr	PAST	Shelby giggled , " That 's sweet . "
tr	PRES	The filigree , the glowing candlelight , the blazing chandeliers ... .
tr	PRES	She tuned the crystal in his weapon .
tr	PRES	Jared , search ' em for weapons while I go get a scanner . "
tr	PRES	" Sure ... " " Is Paulette okay ? "
tr	PRES	" Ginny likes to feel secure in her home .
tr	PAST	I have had several women companions through the years , " he defended .
tr	PAST	" And you derived nothing more ? "
tr	PAST	A ghostly hand saluted .
tr	PAST	She proceeded with a pained , set smile until she stood before him .
tr	PAST	That time , people based their opinions on what people they trusted said and what they themselves believed .
tr	PRES	He tries not to look at Lisa 's lifeless body on the deck .
tr	PRES	It helps me keep his face , his smile fresh in my mind .
tr	PRES	Brandon likes striking from an angle , not straight on , so you 'd better watch out for your friends , as well .
tr	PRES	" We need to tell someone , " Carolina exhales .
tr	PAST	Someone posted some pictures online and a pissed-off parent freaked out about her daughter going to some sacrilegious dance . "
tr	PRES	Black Mist only uses them to clear the way for their own purposes . "
tr	PRES	Not that the word blame applies anywhere in the conception of a child .
tr	PRES	She reaches for a bottle of water on the nightstand beside her bed and drinks the entire bottle at once .
tr	PRES	" But I had to see you , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	I sing country . "
tr	PRES	Then he teased me .
tr	PRES	" Think , Caine .
tr	PRES	What brings you to Monaco ? "
tr	PRES	Praetor Scott wishes to see you downstairs in his office . "
tr	PRES	he snaps , breaking away .
tr	PAST	One by one , the girls in front of me crawled out of the dusty shaft , until I was the last one left .
tr	PAST	He charged his lurker .
tr	PRES	Caroline fetch a pitchfork .
tr	PRES	Eric pops into my mind and my skin crawls because he touched my hair .
tr	PAST	My stomach revolted , and I darted away .
tr	PRES	Their decapitated remains piled like so much firewood along a back wall .
tr	PRES	" What ' kin I do for ye ? "
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat when I heard Marcus trying to defend me , but at the same time it scared me .
tr	PRES	My heart rate slows , steadies , my nerves dissipate .
tr	PRES	Lake lies back onto the arm of the couch and stares up at the ceiling while she thinks .
tr	PAST	She fractured her skull when she was six and the fragments caused severe bilateral occipital damage . "
tr	PRES	A thin instrumental version of Amazing Grace plays in the background .
tr	PRES	None of it belongs to me .
tr	PAST	Jordan sobered instantly at her imperious tone .
tr	PAST	Carl then proceeded to roll over , but Ben failed to get the message .
tr	PRES	" Can you really crash a house party ? "
tr	PAST	Like a switch had been thrown , the fire circling us ceased to exist .
tr	PRES	" Right this way , honored guests . "
tr	PRES	But after a few steps , Victoria freezes .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled the tender skin behind her ear and eyes closed and lips parted , she tipped her head back to meet him .
tr	PAST	" No , just black , " he stated proudly for the benefit of his testosterone .
tr	PRES	" No rude comments , " Alex explained , " no whispers , no stares or bumping you around . "
tr	PAST	My hands fisted so tightly my nails bit half-moon crescents into my palms .
tr	PRES	And bonus points if he found the cult 's leader , Jacob , before his commander did .
tr	PRES	Janelle snorts and strolls over to him , sweeping his arms off the table .
tr	PRES	One of those sighs he remembered her making when she was still just a babe .
tr	PAST	Frankie exits the office , not even sparing me a glance .
tr	PRES	" Well done , some inspiration for a change .
tr	PRES	He removes a pen from the pocket of his jacket and his hand swiftly moves across the paper as he scribbles down some notes .
tr	PRES	A lot more courage than anyone else sees . '
tr	PRES	My heart opens up and I feel it all .
tr	PRES	Du n no what ' e 's doin ' , but ' e kept some of 'em there at th ' Palace .
tr	PRES	Then , she gazes into the crowd , her eyes settling on me .
tr	PAST	Disturbed by the fact that she was a large part of the instability she sensed growing inside of him .
tr	PAST	Shining the light overhead , he squinted to see the top of the cave and thought he saw the shape of something move .
tr	PRES	It shone in perfect harmony with her impressive soprano voice .
tr	PRES	When I see Nova 's name on it , panic slams against me as I worry that something might be wrong .
tr	PAST	" Claire volunteered to be in charge of the Thanksgiving Benefit at the Community Center .
tr	PAST	She scribbled the name down .
tr	PAST	I pretended to mull it over .
tr	PRES	Still , a girl likes to look her best .
tr	PAST	The six ships advanced in a line of war .
tr	PRES	They were just sitting there , those feminine sea chests .
tr	PRES	Chapter 49 Ash 4 It was the day of Ash 's second fight .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate me !
tr	PRES	I freeze , even more than I was just before in the pile of dead , dry leaves .
tr	PAST	The guy named Bishop roared with laughter for some strange reason .
tr	PRES	Curtis begins to pace around the room once more .
tr	PRES	He slides on the wet , icy deck , up on his nails , spinning slightly to slam into the next raised metal square .
tr	PRES	He trusts Gray , and although he will continue on as the CEO of Danvers , Gray will step up as the President of Operations . "
tr	PRES	The school fallout shelter .
tr	PRES	She stares as his snout grows long , wrinkling when he pulls his lips back in a snarl .
tr	PAST	Nate pinched the bridge of his nose as he tried to figure out what to do .
tr	PRES	" The dress is priority , " Scarlett decreed , her face contorting in hilarious distaste at the thought of a peasant shirt .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a large table that was rising from the floor .
tr	PRES	' Says what rulebook ?
tr	PRES	The doorman lets us in and we take the elevator up to the penthouse , where her uncle is waiting when the doors open .
tr	PRES	I add , " I only have two more days to change my horse .
tr	PAST	" I only pretended to date her because I promised her father I would look after her . "
tr	PRES	He holds up a hand when I start to protest .
tr	PAST	Kylie tuned her own ears to hear .
tr	PRES	On the outskirts of the Dark Territories stands a small house made of rock and mud set into the side of a rock face .
tr	PAST	He doubted that he would be disappointed .
tr	PAST	We dumped our cash onto the floor and separated the bills by likeness .
tr	PRES	" The neighbors - " " Screw the neighbors . "
tr	PRES	She braced herself and opened the door .
tr	PAST	Dan stole it from him .
tr	PAST	Simon rasped as she felt his body tense .
tr	PAST	In doing so , he trod on the rose , which had fallen to the floor .
tr	PAST	Twelve Thirty hopped and clapped his moustache together in excitement .
tr	PAST	The tiger wheels around , hurling Adams through the air .
tr	PAST	White hot spasms lanced through her belly again and again .
tr	PAST	" You named her after me ? "
tr	PRES	Desperate longing shone through his eyes as he kissed me again before asking softly , " Stay with me tonight . "
tr	PRES	She frowns , but doesn 't answer the king 's question .
tr	PAST	I motioned to the door with a sweep of my hand .
tr	PAST	The room quieted down and I heard the rustle of people turning in their seats .
tr	PAST	A precedent had already been set , " he defended .
tr	PRES	" I could stay here , " he offers .
tr	PRES	I vow to look after her and treat her with the utmost love and devotion .
tr	PRES	Sleep when you can , because you never know when you 're going to sleep again .
tr	PAST	A banana split the height of an office building threw long shadows as chocolate syrup and caramel seeped down creamy slopes .
tr	PRES	She sighs and shakes her head .
tr	PAST	He slapped the rump of a woman who had wrapped herself around his neck .
tr	PAST	He prayed that it wasn 't about to explode .
tr	PRES	He touches my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" So basically that brings everyone up-to-date , or at least up to the past few days .
tr	PRES	Vanessa glances at Rory 's body .
tr	PAST	He doubted even the hour ride back to the beach would cool his desire .
tr	PRES	Then the new project begins .
tr	PRES	Can you pinpoint it and bring it in a little sharper ? "
tr	PAST	Hands curved into claws .
tr	PAST	the general approved with a nod .
tr	PRES	That helps a little , though I 'm still millimeters away from losing it .
tr	PAST	' Over here , ' hollered Billy 's distant voice .
tr	PAST	Ashe floated over and looked at the paper , his glowing Aon the room 's only illumination besides starlight .
tr	PRES	It changes very fast .
tr	PRES	I twirl around to find Jack Goodwin .
tr	PAST	Somehow he doubted it and wondered what kind of excuse could explain away a badly cut face this early in the day .
tr	PRES	He shone his light into the dark , half expecting someone or something to be waiting for him .
tr	PAST	And I replaced the mattress and all of the bedding .
tr	PRES	" How in the ... , " Twill mumbled .
tr	PAST	A sly smile curved her perfect lips .
tr	PRES	Okay , this selection freaked me out but I had to admit , that was a freaking cool speech .
tr	PAST	Most of them , of course , bore in mind the fact that I had been dumped by the most famous playboy in the grade .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens but nothing comes out .
tr	PRES	" Hey , you ok ?
tr	PAST	Her answering smile fanned the fires all through Sean 's body .
tr	PRES	She sighs when she sees our blank expressions .
tr	PAST	He outlined his view of their predicament .
tr	PRES	He hates her as much as I .
tr	PRES	' Morrigan , I salute you for your genius !
tr	PAST	Scotty propped himself up in the chair .
tr	PRES	" So glad to see you again , " he murmurs into my ear , sending a shiver through me .
tr	PRES	Ethan returns to the garage and starts working on the engine again .
tr	PAST	I split and left Mr. Earp Sr. a cordial adios .
tr	PRES	Unifying our magic , he draws from the power in the air and erects a hasty but sturdy barrier around us .
tr	PAST	Raw emotion churned in his gut , old wounds breaking open and oozing .
tr	PRES	The virtual being stands up .
tr	PAST	He obviously sought to protect Beth 's already bruised feelings , and he was right .
tr	PAST	Staring down at Heather in the shadowed room , he marveled again at just how beautiful she was .
tr	PAST	The charging stand beeped and showed lights .
tr	PRES	Some of his flippancy fades , as he regards me .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her white lace shawl to cover her black hair before she ascended the stone steps leading to the portals of the whitewashed church .
tr	PRES	I exist , therefore I do sums ! "
tr	PRES	It throbs like a deep ache through every fiber of my being .
tr	PRES	Then he stands up , still inside me , and pulls my legs up so that my calves are resting on his shoulders .
tr	PAST	" He thinks I raped ye , " he announced , and she jerked in his arms .
tr	PRES	" Or Kenneth . "
tr	PRES	Everyone owes Sofie a favor .
tr	PAST	Eve cocked her head , uncertain what the last had meant .
tr	PRES	I represent that thing you 've never been able to kill , no matter how hard you try .
tr	PRES	She throws Zack a crooked smile causing her right cheek to dimple swallowing her beauty mark .
tr	PAST	Small pine trees that grew no more than waist high created a maze that had to be navigated on the way to the summit .
tr	PAST	Before she could speak he whisked her back to his office where he pulled a piece of paper off the printer .
tr	PAST	" Make it good , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	He never held back the way a normal man does and held back in all the ways a normal man pushes forward .
tr	PRES	" No use hiding , " he announced , loudly .
tr	PAST	A calculating grin split his adversary 's face .
tr	PAST	Between my nighttime troubles and Fade 's precautions , I doubted the Freaks could sneak up on us .
tr	PAST	Her cell vibrated and she found Kyle had texted her back .
tr	PAST	Lupe tugged at me again , too late , screaming my name to no avail .
tr	PAST	Jason 's companion brightened considerably with the rhythm and immediately joined in .
tr	PAST	Dee screeched and took off toward the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Gunnar grunted .
tr	PRES	You belong to me .
tr	PAST	Her lips parted , eyes glazed .
tr	PRES	Leo opens the door .
tr	PAST	A dozen armed government officers emerged from the blanketing darkness and approached him .
tr	PRES	Questions Ares towering over him .
tr	PAST	Seldon extracted several sheets .
tr	PRES	Finally , Valentina spoke , her voice hoarse with the barely restrained fury that was choking them all .
tr	PAST	Avery exhaled , pressing a hand to her chest where her heart beat a rapid tattoo .
tr	PAST	Joshua barely tipped the cup to his lips .
tr	PAST	' That 'd be disastrous , ' Brand exclaimed .
tr	PAST	The dragon charged down from a tree stretching its legs revealing three razor-sharp claws winking in the sun light .
tr	PRES	She deserves better . "
tr	PRES	She opens the door a little bit and looks really annoyed .
tr	PAST	I thanked him , took the list , and ordered breakfast .
tr	PAST	" Good morning , " she cheerily chimed .
tr	PAST	He slowed the boat only enough so that she could sit safely in his lap .
tr	PAST	I belted out the lyrics to every song on the radio when I was on my way home .
tr	PAST	" You were never really one of us , you know , " Tina taunted .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	She literally crawled up his body .
tr	PRES	" He likes to bend me over his night counter while he watches the evening fountain show of the Bellagio on television .
tr	PAST	Those who investigated reported that the battles were more than usually ferocious .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , throwing the book down angrily .
tr	PRES	" What about Phillip ? "
tr	PAST	Even now , she pretended not to see Eric leaving Shane to walk toward her , as though Eric would ignore her if she ignored him .
tr	PRES	" Yes , my second mother , " I teased .
tr	PRES	The behavior transfers to werewolves .
tr	PRES	" And make no mistake , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	He received a menacing , otherworldly growl in response .
tr	PRES	" Uh ... well , not exactly , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Jack bounced up and down on the balls of his feet .
tr	PRES	Her broken ribs betray her stretch and a searing bolt of pain strikes her .
tr	PAST	The hope flaring in his eyes dimmed again .
tr	PAST	Barely a dozen shots before it reached the end of its ammo belt , the second light fizzled and died .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me . "
tr	PAST	Hell , some people doubted he even had parents .
tr	PAST	With a practiced hand she measured spices into the cider and then moved to the dresser to gather her mother 's best earthenware cups .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped and then raced , resuming the same feverish pace she 'd experienced just moments before in his arms .
tr	PRES	He tries to jerk out of Red Roddy 's grip , but Blondie pushes him back .
tr	PRES	" Quiet , everyone , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Sarah collapsed to the forest floor , gasping for breath .
tr	PRES	I drag my hand out from her shirt and cup between her thighs instead .
tr	PRES	" You know , I kinda hated her for pul ing me away from here .
tr	PAST	I snarled and stared him down , grabbing a hold of his mind , his eyes glazed over .
tr	PRES	And the Stones ? "
tr	PAST	On the contrary , flocking simply emerged within the group as a result of much simpler , low-level rules .
tr	PRES	The windows matched the outside color , a mahogany blackness in the shadowy night .
tr	PRES	Needles digs into my skin and hair .
tr	PAST	One of the old chimneys on the second floor collapsed and pulled one wall partly down .
tr	PAST	Darkness blanketed everything and , out of that darkness , an ominous figure emerged .
tr	PAST	Every muscle in her body stiffened before her hands slid from my shoulders to my chest , and she shoved me off her .
tr	PRES	" Are ye all right ? "
tr	PRES	Now with Anita in her lab , Dr. Worth scores points for supporting women in science and for supporting African Americans in science .
tr	PAST	" I boxed everything up and brought it to the cottage for Lauren . "
tr	PAST	Bursts gone wild shattered off the pressure door 's frame .
tr	PRES	Silence falls on the room .
tr	PRES	She sees that in the last of the light .
tr	PRES	The officer enters the restaurant .
tr	PAST	One snotty glance to the ceiling and he 'd be released , and every hero would be imprisoned in their own mental torture forever .
tr	PRES	My mouth fel open .
tr	PAST	The pebbled crystal of the obelisk and its crowning sphere exploded in all directions , raining down onto the reception hall floor like thousands of tiny diamonds .
tr	PRES	He pushes his sandy hair off his forehead .
tr	PRES	Jayden releases me and walks over to Sean .
tr	PAST	Merlin 's eyes twinkled as he turned away from him .
tr	PRES	' What about the first volley ? '
tr	PAST	She motioned for her to look out the window .
tr	PAST	Simon stated feeling the anger build within him .
tr	PRES	" Does your mother teach you nothing ? "
tr	PRES	But it always pays to check .
tr	PAST	Yet as soon as I thought it , I quickly chided myself ; it was a bitchy thing to think and it was undoubtedly wrong .
tr	PAST	Eric navigated onto the state highway .
tr	PRES	" And Calliope ? "
tr	PAST	Several voices yell out from the radio , " Kick it ! "
tr	PRES	" And your master ? "
tr	PAST	she exploded , and watched as a grin spread slowly across Jordan 's face .
tr	PAST	he burst out , seeming genuinely puzzled .
tr	PRES	You should be grateful , " he teased .
tr	PRES	When we finish , Chloe disappears upstairs to get MacKenzie 's something borrowed .
tr	PRES	I assume these simple cells don 't think , do they ? "
tr	PRES	Once the ceremony is over and coffin laid to rest , the crowd begins to disperse .
tr	PAST	With a groan he enfolded her in his arms , slid his hands up behind her head , and deepened the kiss .
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin up so he could capture her mouth .
tr	PRES	" The Hand ! "
tr	PAST	The fighting slowed , then there was no sound .
tr	PAST	That doll you bought me means the world to me .
tr	PRES	Come on , I mutter to myself .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and listened for sounds of Sutton sneaking up on her .
tr	PRES	Lush palm trees lean toward the tide , as if bowing for our arrival .
tr	PAST	That flash of fury mingled with the remaining glitter of desire .
tr	PRES	Dreams provide a necessary outlet for everyone .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes and smiles a little .
tr	PAST	Suddenly Jeremy , William 's trusted man , stormed into the office .
tr	PAST	The Mog scampered off with a hiss .
tr	PAST	It wavered for a moment , and then vanished .
tr	PAST	Part of me -- maybe a shadow of a memory -- cringed just hearing the name .
tr	PAST	He affixed something to his wrist , a guard perhaps .
tr	PRES	" How to bring him into manhood ? "
tr	PAST	He revealed that he and Victoria were romantically involved .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , sis .
tr	PRES	He stops , looks around , smells .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked between Marcus and me , fierce for me and admiring for him .
tr	PRES	" From Shadow Falls ? "
tr	PAST	She shrieked as a hand grabbed her forearm .
tr	PAST	The lighted sign out front provided the only illumination besides the moonlight .
tr	PAST	He tugged at my hand .
tr	PAST	Everything around him slowed down .
tr	PRES	It was flattering , and it did bring out my eyes , the short bangs making them seem bigger in my face .
tr	PAST	Davis motioned to the rolling stairs and muttered , " Lucky me .
tr	PRES	Milo holds Ramona and treasures her .
tr	PRES	What bothers me is that I don 't know what to think about her role in the book thing .
tr	PRES	A knock at the door stops her from worrying too much .
tr	PAST	He shuffled in his seat and leaned forward .
tr	PAST	I padded silently into my bedroom .
tr	PAST	But the evidence denied this claim .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the dessert , cut a wedge and mashed it between the tines of her fork , but she didn 't eat it .
tr	PRES	" Time never stands still , Link .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains it . "
tr	PAST	" It 's a bit stiff , " she grunted , struggling with the rusted latch .
tr	PRES	His hand slides to the base of his dick and he comes back to me , grabbing my hips .
tr	PRES	Got my bra all ... " Two steps inside , she froze , gaping at the sight of the two men and the gun .
tr	PRES	I wipe my hand across my face , focusing on the numbers flashing back at me .
tr	PAST	The kids blanched , ever so slightly , turning a nearly imperceptible shade paler .
tr	PRES	Disgusted , I wipe my hand on the dark bed sheets .
tr	PRES	MacKenzie sighs , " I wonder what he 's hiding under that shirt of his . "
tr	PAST	Devin slowed his truck and turned into the parking lot .
tr	PAST	He charged up the front steps of the stucco island school , now a temporary hospital and the last known location for Hugh Franco .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me , her eyes watery .
tr	PRES	Then they bury Sis ' Shirley on the other side of Jean .
tr	PRES	At the slightest brush of my fingers , he rips his arm away from me , spinning around with fire in his eyes .
tr	PRES	She opens the door behind her , and I follow her in .
tr	PAST	Shay flicked his eyes toward Caroline , and I sensed a split second of hesitation on his part .
tr	PRES	She likes to think she has eclectic tastes where her hobbies are concerned .
tr	PAST	" I never claimed to understand how your mind works .
tr	PRES	Steve falls to his knees , down to his elbows , and putting his face in his arms , he begins to cry .
tr	PAST	Rather it swirled and spiked and flowed with his skin .
tr	PAST	He smacked the pad down on the counter .
tr	PAST	Clinging to each other , they inched closer to the edge of the void .
tr	PAST	Steve preferred silence and loathed the disturbances from those who lived around him .
tr	PAST	She flung an outstretched arm toward Remington , almost reaching him .
tr	PRES	She quotes Jesus constantly and everything , but even having the love of the Lord inside of her hasn 't made her very relaxed .
tr	PRES	" Alexandra Lawrence . "
tr	PAST	His hand lingered on mine then and gave me a flirtatious smile .
tr	PRES	" My lime ? "
tr	PAST	" An alert system designed to make sure that any and all news out of Wilby , Oregon , popped up on his computer . "
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the hall into the lobby and called for his driver .
tr	PRES	I hike one eyebrow , and when I glance at her she quickly looks away .
tr	PRES	The wind begins to fill the sails propelling the ' Mysterious ' toward home .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his shirt .
tr	PAST	I froze as well .
tr	PAST	Julie wagged her stumpy tail in return .
tr	PRES	A calm but authoritative voice announces an urgent , special message from Convention headquarters .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head , burning my eyes into his .
tr	PAST	" Hey , you lookin ' for a date ? "
tr	PRES	A gullible idiot to be taken in by Jacques .
tr	PAST	Chuck swirled his eyes upward and said , " Yes .
tr	PRES	He likes to associate with conmen , junkies , and strippers .
tr	PRES	" Dharma Naomi . "
tr	PAST	I dumped everything out on the seat .
tr	PRES	He wears filthy army fatigues , and though hardly taller , he outweighs us by a hundred pounds .
tr	PRES	" The guard changes in a minute . "
tr	PAST	His normal lethargy retreated , and instead he felt excitement .
tr	PRES	We assume it was to conquer , but we don 't know their motives , their goals . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles , moving over to kiss my shoulder .
tr	PRES	She flashes a shy smile at compliments .
tr	PAST	Now the wary gaze strayed from Chase to Hunter , who lingered behind his fellow warrior in measuring silence .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's chest rumbled with his words .
tr	PAST	Kane restrained Leo 's momentum and the two hunters halted on the spot letting the six glowing eyes pass in front of them .
tr	PAST	Joey eyed him and then looked back at me .
tr	PAST	Jackie rummaged through the kitchen cabinets and pulled out some crackers , peanut butter , and honey .
tr	PAST	One of the partners at the firm he works for represented him . "
tr	PRES	He taps with a light touch , perhaps to ease my fears .
tr	PAST	The warrior slowed his dance and stopped .
tr	PAST	The stars twinkled like distant candles .
tr	PRES	Fewer truly achieve that control .
tr	PAST	We twirled our noodles simultaneously as he seemed to ponder how best to respond .
tr	PRES	I wipe my palms against my jeans and head for the front door .
tr	PAST	Still smiling , he cocked an eyebrow as if to say : What were you expecting ?
tr	PRES	Black Shadow and Death .
tr	PRES	In the morning , we pile into the cars and head to the airstrip .
tr	PRES	" I arrested him .
tr	PAST	He roamed free while I lived in a prison .
tr	PRES	" Okay , Arnie , pardon the brain damage , but why don 't you tell me exactly where Parma is . "
tr	PRES	During the skirmish the snake falls to the ground .
tr	PRES	I dreaded going to class , but I dreaded a lecture from Mr. Lambert about the sins of tardiness even more .
tr	PRES	I hesitate at the door marked 307 , anticipating the questions from my family .
tr	PAST	He palmed a silver stake and drove it down hard , directly through the heart of the fallen Lycan .
tr	PAST	The wearied bard leapt at his enemies with both arms outstretched and his colorful cape flapping behind him .
tr	PAST	He visited her regularly and was helping the pack acclimate since their capture and torture .
tr	PRES	The air outside tastes like ice .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens and closes , but not words come out .
tr	PAST	She smacked herself in the nose and laughed harder .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and place a sweet , gentle kiss on her lips .
tr	PRES	The uncertainty fades as Sean kisses me back .
tr	PAST	He had proceeded down the hall and around the corner before she could argue that they couldn 't help each other if they weren 't together .
tr	PAST	She predicted I 'd be knocked up and on food stamps before my nineteenth birthday . "
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded down the hallway towards the front exit .
tr	PAST	He tugged a large signet ring off his finger .
tr	PRES	The engine sighs and says over and over that it is done .
tr	PAST	Elana stomped to the stack of towels and wrapped one around her .
tr	PRES	That helps many of us let go and ascend . "
tr	PRES	A few more flips , and he found four paintings of Cronus .
tr	PAST	He anxiously anticipated the shock the slugger community would experience , after they learned what had happened .
tr	PAST	It never slowed down , not for one day of those short weeks .
tr	PAST	Images of Brandon forcing me to my knees , his hands tangled in my hair as his mouth spewed vile words and demands .
tr	PRES	He sings along to a vintage country song and drums the steering wheel , and I turn , just to catch a glimpse of Caitlyn .
tr	PRES	" Ralph Lauren ? "
tr	PAST	They abandoned the swarthy man they 'd been tending , and hurried to him .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved against his lips .
tr	PRES	Maeve stops a few feet before the end of the bed .
tr	PAST	She twirled a long strand of hair around her finger and pursed her lips in thought .
tr	PAST	Keys in hand , she collected the two sacks of groceries she had picked up at Fulton 's Supermarket and went up the porch steps .
tr	PRES	I belong to Circle Daybreak , but they didn 't send me .
tr	PAST	" Sometimes , " she hedged , and Angela guessed she didn 't want to appear too pathetic .
tr	PRES	She loves you , and you broke her heart just now . "
tr	PAST	He 'd lied , but so had she .
tr	PAST	I hopped on the nearest rock , balancing myself , and moved to the next rock until I reached the other side .
tr	PRES	She even pushes me back a little .
tr	PRES	" She loves Masterson .
tr	PAST	I twirled ; my palm smacked the call button .
tr	PAST	It cost a fortune , so it 's the least she could do . "
tr	PRES	" Never mind , Diana .
tr	PAST	She screeched and hammered herself into the house .
tr	PAST	" I 've never seen anything like that , " he mumbled , presumably talking about the body in the suitcase .
tr	PRES	Raven launches herself over the wall , knocking Pippa out of the way just as the guard squeezes the trigger .
tr	PRES	He likes women his own age , women with a little curve to 'em .
tr	PAST	I froze with my heels in one hand , the other on the front door knob to my apartment .
tr	PRES	I pledge that I will always be by your side .
tr	PRES	' Don 't reason it out , Pol .
tr	PAST	" When Burroughs Wellcome submitted it to the FDA for approval as a treatment for AIDS .
tr	PRES	My meeting with the buyers begins at midnight .
tr	PAST	I smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	After Bobo went back to Midnight Pawn , Fiji propped her feet up again with a sigh , though it was more regretful than contented .
tr	PRES	" Sir Rupert , and Sir Rufus . "
tr	PAST	In a split second , she transformed .
tr	PRES	My experience of ecstasy generally occurs in the shower .
tr	PAST	Her pupils shrank to their normal size and her legs shook with the effort of keeping her upright .
tr	PAST	The PM laughingly scoffed and shook his head .
tr	PAST	She tugged at his hold on the plastic ties that bound her wrists .
tr	PAST	I sobbed there on my knees , the frustration , the regret , nearly overwhelming .
tr	PAST	He provoked it with his weapon to keep its attention .
tr	PAST	She identified the gleam of its titanium carapace and speared her pipe down at it , using all of her weight .
tr	PAST	Gregor dumped the contents of the shell into his mouth .
tr	PRES	The man glares at me and tries again .
tr	PRES	He glances back at the room and then puts his head close to mine .
tr	PRES	" Maya , " She hears her father 's voice .
tr	PRES	" It never fails , " he mumbled to himself .
tr	PRES	He threw his hands behind his head , folding them , his shirt pulling up .
tr	PRES	He stares into space , and the only way I can tell that he 's livid is the tightening of his jaw .
tr	PRES	" Not with the lectures again . "
tr	PRES	" From training , Princess .
tr	PAST	Her soft , tender body curved along the length of him from behind .
tr	PRES	Jack 's skin holds the scars and weathering of a laborer .
tr	PAST	I cringed with my admission .
tr	PAST	The ease with which he destroyed the Lifeless proved it to be true .
tr	PRES	Her hands fold into tight fists .
tr	PAST	He curved toward her , softly saying , " You are Burnham and Associates ' number one priority , Miss Adler . "
tr	PRES	He wraps the towel around me and rubs my shoulders with strong , sure fingers , and the tension releases .
tr	PAST	" Emma , you should know what 's going on around you , " he chided with a concerned frown .
tr	PAST	Some places reported six inches in ten hours .
tr	PAST	" I could probably get you a loan , but the interest rate might be pretty high for such a high-risk operation , " Sven joked .
tr	PRES	" Very astute of you .
tr	PAST	The government seized most of the money .
tr	PAST	She obliged , he thanked her , hung up and then called the number .
tr	PRES	" Can you connect to just anyone ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't they feed you at Navarre House ? "
tr	PRES	He stares and smiles .
tr	PRES	The same mixed signals , but with more weight on the outrage this time .
tr	PRES	* * * CH 9 Finding Out the " Nuts and Bolts " of What Went Down .
tr	PRES	She touches her heart , lightly , as if swearing on it .
tr	PAST	She pinched his nipple and said , " Did you see that coming ? "
tr	PAST	As the days slipped into weeks and then became a month , Elena 's fears gradually subsided .
tr	PAST	Nick grunted , sucking air through his teeth as he started the slow thrusts again .
tr	PRES	" If I stay with Elliott - " Will freezes .
tr	PRES	" May I pet him ? "
tr	PAST	The burgundy vest and dark gray coat accented the liquid silver of his eyes and the rich color of his dark brown hair .
tr	PAST	A small sensual smile tugged at the hard edge of Dayan 's mouth .
tr	PAST	Xavier inquired in his deep timbered voice .
tr	PRES	Paragon Hospital stands out like a sore thumb against the expansive , lush hillside .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	Noah plopped down in the chair across from me .
tr	PAST	Stupid , but necessary if she was going to be able to concentrate enough to conjure a curse .
tr	PRES	Jeremy asked , his voice husky .
tr	PAST	He thanked the nurse and went out to the parking lot .
tr	PRES	Lily lets out an evil laugh .
tr	PAST	He stiffened his shoulders and began to back away , but the taunting inner demon rose up and whispered its warning .
tr	PRES	" A dragon breathes fire .
tr	PRES	This time she wears full make-up , a pair of white shorts , and a bright pink tank top .
tr	PAST	Each of them had been bitterly betrayed by someone they trusted .
tr	PRES	Anna snuck away from the carriage and hurried with her suitcase in front of her .
tr	PRES	" That Gil . "
tr	PRES	" I 'll eat it , then , " Kacey mutters , one step from licking her plate clean .
tr	PAST	The fire exploded as if from a mountain .
tr	PAST	' We stowed away . '
tr	PRES	" I assume that you have talked to your daughter and know of the events of our voyage ? "
tr	PRES	He distractedly glances away from the papers and down at the tie .
tr	PAST	The nurses motioned towards the bed again .
tr	PAST	I seriously doubted Blake would be calling me again .
tr	PAST	Nolen advised as he walked to a nearby tree .
tr	PAST	He thanked his luck that people only knew him on the island as Ben Carlson .
tr	PAST	" Wow , " Tony suddenly exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Is there anything ... " Emma begins as she grabs her keys from her purse and heads towards the door .
tr	PAST	Jennifer stated in a hurt tone , " If he didn 't tell us , then he had to tell someone .
tr	PRES	He opens the door to the hallway .
tr	PAST	The gigantic crow uttered a short , throaty caw and ruffled its ebony feathers again .
tr	PRES	" Clever , and he likes to show off .
tr	PAST	Closing her eyes , Claire inhaled deeply and tried not to concentrate on the memory .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked against her , and she arched , burying her hands in his hair , pulling him closer .
tr	PAST	Liquid sloshed to her side .
tr	PRES	" Won 't they approve of your idea ? "
tr	PAST	Ted sensed the tide had swung against him .
tr	PAST	He matched her grin , mesmerized at how her face was already so familiar to him .
tr	PAST	Angelina snarled at him , she unleashed a rage , hot and mean and without a grain of reason , to protect her vulnerability .
tr	PRES	My eyes roam the foyer .
tr	PAST	Roman stifled a cough and nodded .
tr	PAST	The other part of her dreaded such an event , knowing how badly she had wounded him .
tr	PAST	" Me , too , " Mick chimed in .
tr	PRES	" What about Sharon Brady ?
tr	PAST	" They 're teenagers , " she exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Using the butt of the gun , he smashed the window , sending glass into the black room .
tr	PRES	" To lay siege to the Black Bastion . "
tr	PRES	I scramble as close to the cliff 's edge as I dare .
tr	PAST	She literally inhaled the pie in less than ten seconds .
tr	PRES	I lean toward her and kiss her quickly on the cheek .
tr	PRES	she roars , with the bellow of a great beast about to trample a small city .
tr	PAST	" He was a bum , " Ella chimed in .
tr	PAST	No one dared to speak , though Emily was sure they were all as confused as she was .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Princess .
tr	PAST	Io collected Rachel 's cloak .
tr	PAST	Derrick screeched in terror .
tr	PAST	The stitching unraveled , the loose thread growing longer until he took out his knife and cut it off .
tr	PRES	He stops smiling when he sees me , though , because he can tell I don 't feel good .
tr	PRES	Lousy song , but it brings back memories , and how they got a hold of it , I can 't imagine .
tr	PRES	He strikes him in the jaw .
tr	PAST	We all dove down and hid under bushes , rocks , or whatever we could find .
tr	PAST	She smacked him hard across the face .
tr	PRES	She hears her stool tapping against the floor .
tr	PAST	Adolf uttered a curse at her in German just before diving through the portal .
tr	PAST	We visited the Prophets at the Lucan Rocks .
tr	PAST	I charged after the closest elf and took a low swing at its head .
tr	PRES	" How about my sanity and sense of humor ? "
tr	PAST	It never ceased to amaze him how many people would get bent out of shape or threaten lawsuits over a nice story !
tr	PRES	I lean back to look at him .
tr	PAST	Has he received word of how dire our plight ? "
tr	PAST	They trod over the short blue-green lawn beneath the cyan sky towards the white glare .
tr	PRES	Sometimes , she also posts about her writing .
tr	PAST	Dale 's mouth curved up at the corners .
tr	PRES	" All vodka tastes the same . "
tr	PAST	No one ever invaded my privacy like this , and I didn 't know how to react .
tr	PRES	No sign of Mira or Bowman or anyone else at the old military fort at the far end of New Bedford .
tr	PRES	" A branch off your head line curves down to the heel of your palm .
tr	PAST	He almost dreaded the day he grew bored of her .
tr	PRES	The thought chilled my bones and shook my belief in mankind .
tr	PRES	" Cliff diving ? "
tr	PRES	I blurt as she drops her top on the pier and sits topless in the broad daylight .
tr	PRES	Making me crave to do the same .
tr	PAST	This represented a mythological paradigm shift that the Greeks may have borrowed from the Ancient Near East .
tr	PAST	Shifting down , the ATV slowed to 40 mph as it passed through the crowd and drove into the city .
tr	PAST	Rafe interpreted them , repeating the hand signals on his knee .
tr	PRES	He stood wearing only a pair of blue swim trunks , bare-chested and hair still rumpled from sleep .
tr	PRES	Each of them fails on their first attempt as they try to determine where a kill shot must enter the body of this huge beast .
tr	PAST	She backtracked down the trail to where it veered off up to the overhang , climbing slowly , careful not to twist her ankle .
tr	PAST	She chased after Tania , but that time , Lea was aiming for any corner .
tr	PRES	They ´ ll stop at nothing to take this world and its surrounding quadrant , " Uriel explains .
tr	PRES	Concourse B ... " He strained to read the number posted above the computer .
tr	PRES	Tori points at one that 's all glass and chrome and sharp edges .
tr	PAST	What replaced it was that unsettling look of blankness .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , I don 't think you 'll be able to wear one of those for a while , " she joked .
tr	PRES	" I won 't hurt you , lass .
tr	PRES	" You mean , one cook produces all this food ?
tr	PRES	Rann stands , not smiling , frowning or nodding .
tr	PRES	And intentional mistakes . "
tr	PRES	" What if somebody else tries to place one ? "
tr	PRES	He points at me .
tr	PAST	" What I battled I have never seen the likes of .
tr	PAST	She skipped hundreds of stones into the lake .
tr	PRES	Jaxon plays the guitar and Lea sings and when they get up on stage magic happens because they show so much emotion toward each other .
tr	PAST	" Although I would warn you of a very good piece of advice I received at a briefing recently .
tr	PAST	She hooked her leg around his and knocked him off balance with the help of a rogue wave .
tr	PAST	The infrared overlay revealed nothing more than the bloom of sodium lamps at the corners .
tr	PAST	Dropping to his knees , Mike clutched his head , trying to maintain consciousness .
tr	PAST	I deliberately acted casual .
tr	PAST	His gaze bounced against hers and then returned to look out over the cove .
tr	PRES	Leaning in close to my ear , he whispers , " Not now . "
tr	PRES	" Are you coming down with something infectious ? " "
tr	PRES	" On the edge of this grouping of buildings , in a natural grass basin . "
tr	PRES	And who sure as hell never had any clue she likes butterflies . "
tr	PRES	I revel in how good he feels inside me .
tr	PRES	' The housekeeper remembers Mum so she thinks I 'm no better than a maid , myself . '
tr	PRES	" No , " I echo .
tr	PRES	When a person dies , well , when I kill someone , their life ... I absorb their life .
tr	PRES	The angel sees the disappointment on my face .
tr	PRES	" Life is a bleak place , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	She flinches as if I 've slapped her , yet it seems to bring more determination out of her as she scoots closer to me .
tr	PRES	' It falls back sometimes but then there it is again . '
tr	PAST	The moment Mikhail relinquished her will , Raven attempted to squirm away from the vampire .
tr	PAST	His body tensed and relaxed against mine .
tr	PRES	" For God 's sake , restrain yourself from threatening to kill the guy .
tr	PRES	' Gold digger ' .
tr	PAST	And yet at the same time Arnie feared a change in the attitude of the great terrestrial powers .
tr	PRES	" Making shirts for the winter carnival .
tr	PAST	Ella swirled the liquid concoction in front of her with her spoon .
tr	PRES	Jack holds me as my body shakes .
tr	PRES	He pushes me behind him hiding me from view .
tr	PAST	He stiffened , his eyes narrowing as I closed the distance between us .
tr	PRES	With an eye roll , she mutters , " Anyway , that 's not the point .
tr	PAST	He presses his hand to his chest .
tr	PRES	Beth attempts to step in between us , but Logan angles himself so that she can 't .
tr	PRES	" But how , Ma ? "
tr	PRES	" Trust Diana to try to do this on her own . "
tr	PRES	" She belongs to Arron .
tr	PRES	Abe sighs , sounding disappointed , but not angry .
tr	PAST	His eyes bounced back and forth between them .
tr	PRES	Slowly he begins to stalk through the forest tracking them when he has an epiphany .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Cassie could not stop herself from slowing her pace , her body tensed as she moved past .
tr	PAST	To further drive home the point she even posted this on her friend 's Facebook wall " I went to the doctor .
tr	PAST	" It 's me , Sam , " he stated .
tr	PAST	" Take a taxi home , " Jerry instructed .
tr	PAST	The people in the room perused the list which now consisted of ' 3 ) Employer ' and , ' 4 ) Accountant ' .
tr	PRES	Buzzing fills my head as I continue to scream her name .
tr	PAST	Sophie 's eyes brightened and she looked at the windows .
tr	PAST	Blood spattered the nearby wall .
tr	PRES	" I 'm scared though , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	A sort of cozy euphoria begins to emanate from deep within my abdomen .
tr	PAST	Sarah quickly cleaned and bundled up the young child , then helped the exhausted mother move onto the bed .
tr	PAST	Cole disarmed Edward and is beating him .
tr	PAST	His muscles tensed at the reminder of Ian .
tr	PAST	A wizard named Talia , granddaughter of Teresa , had it .
tr	PRES	" Of all the dumb things to do , " he murmurs , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	Not using that Gideon 's Bible you stole ?
tr	PAST	" Doing well enough to chafe at being paralyzed , " Anthony reported .
tr	PRES	" You belong with me . "
tr	PRES	An indiscernible emotion rips through his features .
tr	PAST	I squealed with true girlish delight when I saw the dainty silver heels .
tr	PAST	Pearl slapped her hand on her knee .
tr	PAST	The minute Lorraine entered the small building , Jason leaped to his feet , relief at seeing her evident on his face .
tr	PAST	A menacing chuckle rumbled in his chest .
tr	PAST	Waves smashed down on him , soaking him in blood .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , " I know you !
tr	PRES	' Come and take such refreshment as haste allows . '
tr	PRES	She mumbled something about needing some new skin and fresh oysters on her way to bed .
tr	PAST	" So , he created a monster ? "
tr	PAST	Regardless , I never acted against my will .
tr	PAST	" I learnt to play the role expected of me .
tr	PRES	When we reach the bed , he gently lays me down , his eyes drinking me in .
tr	PAST	Hours later , though , he arose intent .
tr	PAST	A pain in my side matched the pain in my arm and I lost track of the ball .
tr	PRES	Whatever you 're thinking , somehow transfers into a strong sensation .
tr	PAST	" He sensed a fairy object in Sookie 's house , a fairy influence . "
tr	PAST	However , almost immediately a problem arose .
tr	PAST	Turning , I stormed across the parking lot , determined not to let anyone see the tears I knew were coming .
tr	PAST	Her snooping cost my homeland a big piece of what the CIA had going on back then . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Lauren .
tr	PRES	And when he tries to hold your hand , you punch him right in his ugly face . "
tr	PAST	The crossbow jabbed Clary hard in the back .
tr	PRES	I don 't even want to think about it , it still destroys me , burns my heart to this day .
tr	PAST	That window reflected back our way , and it was dark outside .
tr	PRES	The attendants mumbled vaguely about the perceptiveness of the king .
tr	PAST	Eric rumbled softly , teeth gentle in her furry neck .
tr	PRES	" I assume you talk to a lot of people .
tr	PAST	A lazy grin curved his lips .
tr	PAST	I preferred to be in control of my cravings .
tr	PRES	" Act one begins with a young woman from a close-knit family going off to college on a scholarship . "
tr	PAST	Sidra absorbed that information as she stood in the middle of the entryway , completely stunned by what was happening .
tr	PAST	I scooted to the middle of the bed and leaned back on my forearms behind me .
tr	PRES	You delight in wreaking havoc on mortal lives . "
tr	PAST	Wolves still circled Lorcan , trapping him with their bodies .
tr	PAST	Her eyes lingered on his injured arm .
tr	PAST	Grabbing the tie around my neck , I tugged on it .
tr	PRES	" Well then , it will be you and me , " she beamed at me .
tr	PRES	But , was Dr. Ryan Blackstone the right man ?
tr	PRES	But message exchange concludes in this linearity .
tr	PAST	With her fingers holding on to the cash she whispers , " Yes . "
tr	PAST	I chased after him , coming to a halt when we made it outside .
tr	PAST	Many in this world have lied to save themselves from evil and injustice .
tr	PRES	" We need to start with the strange quarks , " sister Roberta mumbled unfazed .
tr	PAST	At that , Gavin scoffed .
tr	PRES	She peels the wrapper off the granola bar .
tr	PAST	Then deftly and deceptively , Auntie unfolded her arthritic left hand and blew powdered fire into Angelina 's startled face .
tr	PAST	Simone exited the medical station , sealing and locking the hatch behind her .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	He stares up at the third-floor ceiling .
tr	PRES	He slides out the bench , standing as I exit .
tr	PAST	A rumbling from behind her signalled the return of the elemental .
tr	PAST	Jim exclaimed , " I resemble that ! "
tr	PRES	She stands on the threshold , scandalized , her hand covering her mouth .
tr	PAST	She regarded him through narrowed eyes .
tr	PAST	It curved along the entire length of the wall , extending beyond the limits of her sight .
tr	PAST	A quick review of his incoming messages revealed nothing from Sally , but one jumped straight off the screen at him and turned his blood cold .
tr	PRES	Gavin scoots his glass toward Eddie .
tr	PRES	She slows down a bit and then we crash into each other .
tr	PAST	Falling to my knees , I sobbed into the sand .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh at the jealousy in his face .
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved her lips .
tr	PAST	She scampered , kept up with him .
tr	PRES	How many other entrances ? "
tr	PAST	He leaped up the steps and pushed past her into the house .
tr	PAST	Hasn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	His mouth softens into a smile .
tr	PRES	My own special blend of apple punch . "
tr	PRES	She deserves that . "
tr	PRES	The one we had spent months decorating together by going to estate sales and flea markets , trying to restore pieces of furniture ourselves to save money .
tr	PRES	His hand pushes through the vortex .
tr	PAST	Raoul hauled her around the corner and out of sight , but she could still hear the marquis ' mocking laughter .
tr	PRES	' Not angles , angels . '
tr	PAST	Tessa reassured her brother that she was still the same little sister he 'd always known , but her mind was only partly engaged with his question .
tr	PAST	They crawled away as if drawn by the music that was whispered into his ear .
tr	PRES	Amy states like a doctor .
tr	PAST	His fingers plunged into her hair , cupping the back of her scalp in a seductive massage .
tr	PAST	As they watched , they marveled at the sight of a dolphin jumping up before falling into the water .
tr	PAST	" I received my BA degree from Dillard University in fine arts .
tr	PAST	The thought comforted me only slightly as we piled into the shuttle .
tr	PAST	Something urged me on .
tr	PAST	Zinnia jabbed him in the ribs .
tr	PRES	I - " " It 's okay , Chloe .
tr	PRES	" Nobody likes a smug man . "
tr	PRES	His face changes again .
tr	PRES	' Mr Price ! '
tr	PAST	He exhaled harshly , his breath ruffling the hair atop her head .
tr	PAST	At one time , a lifetime ago , we measured prosperity in peace .
tr	PRES	The same ones who 'd beaten two others who lay in comas yards away inside the healer 's home .
tr	PRES	" Don 't feel bad , Mia .
tr	PRES	Oh , this sure brings back memories : so that 's where I got the nickname from , then .
tr	PRES	His magic washes into me , seeping through my skin .
tr	PRES	He opens the front door and points me to the edge of the porch .
tr	PRES	Day after day , I roam around alone , unable to trust anyone as I search for answers that will lead me to the truth .
tr	PRES	She holds it out for me .
tr	PRES	" What if Belmont returns ? "
tr	PRES	His renewed smile reaches all the way up to his eyes .
tr	PRES	Even though it should have been called slavery .
tr	PAST	I grunted as his weight came down on me .
tr	PAST	We 'll find a place where you can see the battlefield and test out your abilities under the radar , " Nate instructed me .
tr	PRES	Even him , your Satan .
tr	PAST	Marlene Kelly eyed Donovan , who approached at a slower pace .
tr	PRES	She straightened up , growing again , her torches brightening .
tr	PAST	He crouched low and looked into her eyes .
tr	PAST	The tropical storm upgraded and turned South last night .
tr	PAST	You feared that Charlotte might have written some hint , left some clue of what you had done to her . "
tr	PRES	Brielle pushes me into the clearance rack at the mall .
tr	PAST	I froze , my heart racing , and looked up at her again .
tr	PRES	" Not in that way , Babe . "
tr	PRES	announces the Speaker with a crash of his gavel like a clap of thunder from a sudden prairie thunderstorm in the middle of the night .
tr	PRES	He remains slightly crippled and deaf , but mirthful and auspicious nonetheless , hence the title , " The Laughing God " .
tr	PRES	" This thing 's going to be a pain in the ass to carry , " he mumbled as he studied it from all angles .
tr	PRES	Your core belongs to a very old clan .
tr	PRES	Downstairs he stands by the door that he knows I always leave by .
tr	PRES	" I assume you wish me to go in her place . "
tr	PAST	the blonde exclaimed as she approached the table .
tr	PAST	" I suppose next you 'll say we need a monetary system based on gold , " the Oklahoma governor stated .
tr	PAST	Her hands caressed his back , feeling the muscles tense beneath her fingertips .
tr	PAST	It means ' a place of pleasure ' , " Rachael stated .
tr	PAST	The unfamiliar reflection taunted him with visions of Iseo 's suffering in the spirit world .
tr	PRES	" Kira ... " Sliding onto the edge of the bed , Marcus took her by the shoulders and shook her softly .
tr	PAST	The wooden boards beneath the decorative rug creak with every step as he slowly exits the church .
tr	PRES	Justine pops her head into the room .
tr	PRES	There were ... groups of girls huddled outside the bathroom , talking , laughing , some sharing lip gloss .
tr	PAST	Eventually , exhaustion ruled and he passed out , unwillingly slipping into dreams .
tr	PAST	Spencer 's head buzzed .
tr	PAST	The thought revolted her and renewed her need to escape this heartless man .
tr	PRES	But he wraps his arms around me , and he holds me as if I were about to fly away with the wind .
tr	PAST	Undeterred , the plaintiff claimed the incident had left him shaken and emotionally scarred .
tr	PRES	But he lets Petra give him all her notes .
tr	PAST	She unscrewed the cap from the bottle and poured it out between the boards .
tr	PRES	The Bowl itself seats eighteen thousand people .
tr	PAST	Jennifer giggled and wrapped her arms around his neck pulling him in close .
tr	PRES	His gaze snaps to mine .
tr	PAST	Sadness lingered in his eyes as he watched the horses grazing .
tr	PAST	Dad tugged at the front of his shirt and gave me a hesitant smile .
tr	PRES	Elder touches my hand .
tr	PAST	He scooted out of the booth and helped me rise .
tr	PAST	They 're typically small , independently produced films that you don 't see in the big movie houses .
tr	PRES	Chang ' e stands .
tr	PAST	His warm breath tickled my ear .
tr	PRES	" Or what , Abby ?
tr	PRES	Shock slams into me like a Mack truck , and I stare at her in confusion .
tr	PRES	I didn 't lie , " she snaps .
tr	PAST	I relayed to Sarah what I was seeing .
tr	PAST	Billy suspiciously eyed Maria and Connor before excusing them from the event then resumed his conversation .
tr	PAST	Dean flicked his eyes sideways .
tr	PAST	I stiffened despite myself .
tr	PAST	He wavered for a moment and then knocked .
tr	PAST	" We ah , kind of , dug it up , " volunteered Tommy .
tr	PRES	He then flips his cape and shadows rise all around him as a mist comes out of the floorboards , taking him away .
tr	PRES	I then exclaimed , " why is it just a game ?
tr	PAST	I kept my eyes wide , my chin resting on his shoulder , my cheek against his neck .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't notice your gown , " Miriam mumbled , embarrassed .
tr	PRES	He remains completely frozen , as if waiting for me to make my move .
tr	PRES	A most useful echo .
tr	PAST	Billie slapped the dashboard and pointed through the window .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	He feared for his own life when he saw the murder in Ian 's eyes , when he told him about Elle .
tr	PRES	She blames you for Olive 's death !
tr	PAST	The soldiers fled screaming .
tr	PRES	The waves shone with tiny mirrors as the water began to turn golden with the sunset .
tr	PAST	Max 's fists reappeared but Johnny struck with the same kick to the same leg .
tr	PAST	" Good for you , Iris , " Mick exclaimed .
tr	PAST	The Captain received the message from Jason with grave solemnity .
tr	PRES	" And I vow to remove myself and my sisters from your care as soon as I am able . "
tr	PAST	As she rose , the third vampire fled .
tr	PAST	I yell , hitting anything that doesn 't move out of my way .
tr	PRES	Vel approaches me , tilting my head with one claw .
tr	PRES	" So , I assume things didn 't go well with your mom ?
tr	PAST	He clutched the back of Aidan 's head and slammed his friend 's forehead into his own , ignoring the searing pain that scorched his skin .
tr	PAST	I sensed melancholia , black , menacing , and watching , start to creep over me .
tr	PRES	I flinch as a bullet comes so close I could feel the breeze of it passing by .
tr	PAST	The river , a ribbon of frothy blue , winds through the symmetry of the streets , everything in miniature from this height , even the destruction .
tr	PAST	He froze -- something had definitely moved .
tr	PRES	" A lawyer ? "
tr	PAST	The cloth with Tara 's blood soaked in her brew .
tr	PRES	Stubborn , perfectionist , goofy me .
tr	PRES	my dad bellows , as something heavy topples over .
tr	PRES	She drops her gun , my heart begins to beat loudly -- now we have no chance .
tr	PAST	Then he sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	He still topped me by a foot or more .
tr	PRES	It changes the chemistry of the body , practically embalming it . "
tr	PAST	I barged in without thinking and slammed it behind me .
tr	PRES	He parks the car and kisses me softly and says this is the dance and I kiss him hard and say this is the song .
tr	PAST	Sherry referred to him by his first name , while Cate had always called him Mr. Harris , effectively putting him at a distance .
tr	PRES	And so she had nodded rather than spoken her vows .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , echoing Max 's command .
tr	PRES	- and making the hilt shine as if it contained the light of the sun .
tr	PRES	Tony ... ' ' I 'm not Tony ! '
tr	PRES	She studied him carefully , her mind spinning .
tr	PRES	" No doubt terrifying to the mortals , but the lack of appendages might make it difficult for you to lift the glass . "
tr	PAST	Thread unraveled , splitting at the ends , and then the twine broke .
tr	PRES	The door opens , and he waves me in .
tr	PAST	Frances doubted her aunt 's sentiments , particularly her comments about Riverview .
tr	PAST	Even Graham was quiet , his usual bluster replaced by angry sympathy .
tr	PRES	Then I lean against the cellar wall , retracing the events of the last day .
tr	PRES	" From Adrienne . "
tr	PAST	Kim 's smile brightened the room as she ushered Ava into the living room so they could sit and talk .
tr	PRES	She just stares back at me .
tr	PRES	Have you eaten lunch yet ? "
tr	PRES	Stark white bone gleaming through ravaged flesh and ragged clothing .
tr	PAST	Light reflected off the tears tracing paths down his face .
tr	PRES	" Just don 't drink too much , " Connor whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Echo doubted a wooden arrow would be pointing to the Fate 's doorway .
tr	PAST	You squealed like a puppy . "
tr	PAST	The slight stubble on his cheeks tickled her , and his hard chest pressed against hers as though it were made to fit .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she begged .
tr	PRES	And just so we are clear , you belong to me now , so no one touches your ass but me either . "
tr	PAST	He no longer bounced or skipped ; instead he walked with weight behind each step .
tr	PRES	I crack the curtain and am surprised to find a set of folded clothes on the bed , along with a towel .
tr	PAST	She taps her fork on her plate .
tr	PRES	" What of the agreements , Your Highness ? "
tr	PRES	Three ugly geometric shapes fall onto the dirt burning and sizzling as I study the objects .
tr	PAST	Jake continued to watch her , his hands clutched around another one of his notebooks .
tr	PRES	He stops and sits down abruptly turning to her .
tr	PAST	Neil collapsed onto the seat and leaned his head back .
tr	PAST	A long drink from the bladder a minute later washed some of the bitterness away .
tr	PRES	' About what , Pol ? '
tr	PRES	He reaches out like he wants to hug me , but I recoil .
tr	PAST	Jake hopped once , feeling foolish .
tr	PAST	Thankfully , only a few late-night revelers lingered on the platform , all of them alive and well , if not a tad drunk .
tr	PRES	She exhales then frowns with puzzlement .
tr	PRES	" Could I and Tammy borrow the penthouse in London ? "
tr	PRES	He told me that Ginny 'd been in there to revise her will , " Gabe explains , handing it to me .
tr	PRES	A lock of blond hair falls from its knot and touches her cheek .
tr	PRES	Asks Sinead and Simon begins to work on another crate .
tr	PAST	He screeched , scrambling to his feet .
tr	PRES	Knowing I couldn 't comfortably explain my feelings without some embarrassment , I pul ed him to me and touched my lips to his .
tr	PAST	He slowed to let a car flashing its blinker slide into the lane ahead of him .
tr	PRES	Now , Twister 's a big , heavy rascal , an ' when he hits the end of your line , he snaps it like a cobweb .
tr	PRES	She stands and looks into the distance .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her silk blouse so that it was just open enough to reveal the enticing rounded curves .
tr	PAST	I also tuned out the smells , which at first had distressed me .
tr	PAST	They split up and looked it over .
tr	PRES	She holds up two metal objects that resemble defibrillators .
tr	PRES	She draws a shaky breath .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want to talk about this anymore , " Neil stated .
tr	PAST	a voice boomed from the entrance .
tr	PRES	" The paranormal ? "
tr	PRES	He reaches down to the magazine rack , passes me a single sheet of paper that was lying amongst the newspapers .
tr	PAST	Demetri hopped out of the car and opened my door .
tr	PRES	This device lets you switch between them just by pressing the button on top . "
tr	PRES	" Your highness ! "
tr	PAST	Inside the limousine , the chauffeur extracted the receiver of the car 's built-in phone and handed it to her before driving .
tr	PAST	He faltered back to his chair , quickly placed his sake bottle and glass back in their draw , mopped his moist brow and gathered his thoughts .
tr	PRES	No mortal creature is so pure , and so the balance is never properly in check , " she explains , seeming to reflect on the notion .
tr	PRES	Jason glances over at his former first officer and winks .
tr	PRES	" No shots . "
tr	PRES	I assume she is asking this question in response to the topic of escaping from Miles being such a prevalent and disturbing presence throughout my childhood .
tr	PRES	If a tower breaks down , you repair the tower . '
tr	PRES	" Did you sleep well , Elijah ?
tr	PAST	His green eyes reflected the almost full moon above us .
tr	PAST	" Lie close to him , Shea , " Gregori instructed .
tr	PAST	The air split again with another cannon blast , this time to their rear .
tr	PAST	In that moment , anger replaced my fear .
tr	PRES	" That explains it , then .
tr	PRES	Chapter 31 " Leaving ? "
tr	PAST	" Bullets , barbed wire , and battleships ?
tr	PAST	Today , March wept like a baby in my arms , and that was the worst of it .
tr	PAST	Gumshoe crawled over the passenger seat , and rolled out of the cruiser .
tr	PRES	That composure I was talking about broke into pieces .
tr	PRES	" Let me go , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Mat chimed in attempting to play devil 's advocate .
tr	PRES	" You reek of mint .
tr	PRES	" Don 't give them any ideas , jackass . "
tr	PAST	He slowed to a stop , pathing to Henry at the same time , then dropped to the ground .
tr	PAST	I replayed at normal speed .
tr	PAST	Sharon accompanied her back to the house so she could fill Jason in .
tr	PAST	His father was smiling faintly at Roland , his head propped on a fist .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " Christian mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Impressive , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	An invisible blanket suffocated me beneath its folds .
tr	PRES	What about Soren ? "
tr	PRES	Very little light seeps out from under me .
tr	PRES	The voice freezes me .
tr	PRES	" Maybe he likes the economics .
tr	PRES	" With a nap . "
tr	PAST	Harry announced that if his parents got a council house , he was staying with his grandma .
tr	PRES	' Arial reconnaissance . '
tr	PRES	" Stefan said , pul ing her up beside him .
tr	PRES	He attempts to hold back a laugh .
tr	PAST	A strange phantom body that acted against my will , dragging me into its tide .
tr	PRES	Beyond the five thousand prophecies the room also houses more than a hundred thousand lethal traps , most involving poisons of one sort or another .
tr	PAST	Father chased me all over the palace and into the inner-city .
tr	PAST	They wouldn 't have dared pull a stunt like this a few years ago .
tr	PAST	" My lady , I am so thankful you are up , " she uttered quickly .
tr	PAST	I wriggled out from under Benji and joined the others in the booth .
tr	PAST	Gregori emerged first , his body pale , exhaustion obvious on his face .
tr	PRES	Don 't let your fear of her leaving scare you .
tr	PRES	" Their souls ? "
tr	PAST	A nervous , fluttery feeling persisted in his belly .
tr	PRES	A bit old-fashioned and out of date .
tr	PRES	Beth opens her mouth to continue , but I cut her off .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he reassured her .
tr	PAST	But none of you who were there reported any . "
tr	PRES	He breathes a sigh of relief as he looks over my scars .
tr	PAST	I never claimed to be the strongest and a name is just a name .
tr	PAST	I sniffed , but didn 't flinch .
tr	PAST	But I already dialed it at least a dozen times , and I can 't get anyone to pick up .
tr	PRES	Gabe stands up and thrusts back his shoulders .
tr	PRES	" By Perry Kelvin . " '
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly through the many windows , casting much light into the room .
tr	PRES	" Wolf god ? "
tr	PAST	He lied to me .
tr	PRES	Those wraiths maybe dead , but they are not stupid .
tr	PAST	His father 's hand slapped him on the back .
tr	PAST	But when he tilted his head and nibbled on my lower lip all questions -- indeed all thought -- ceased to matter .
tr	PRES	He loves you , but feels I 've let him down . "
tr	PAST	Walking along the muddy road wearing heels proved challenging .
tr	PRES	My mother reaches over and snatches the fork out of my hand .
tr	PRES	" Oh I will , sweetie .
tr	PAST	He created a fictitious scenario that Kyle believed completely .
tr	PRES	Anthony clears his throat and interrupts our conversation .
tr	PAST	I crumpled up the money and tossed it at James , bouncing it off his cheek .
tr	PAST	Iris shrieked in terror , quickly dropping to her knees and covering her head with her arms .
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , the mayor begins his own plans of total control .
tr	PRES	I recall streamlines of smoky ambrosia leaking from the musical huts .
tr	PRES	He tries to save everyone now .
tr	PAST	The silence lingered a few seconds on the line .
tr	PAST	He crawled back to his feet , teeth gritted , and reached for the handrail .
tr	PAST	A yelp shimmied with the wind and she landed several feet to the north , south , east and west .
tr	PRES	" By advancing science , protecting the environment and creating jobs ?
tr	PAST	I propped up onto my elbows .
tr	PRES	Sleep while you can . "
tr	PAST	He clutched his hair as if he 'd start tearing it out any second .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her seat way back and stared at the ceiling a second before closing her eyes .
tr	PRES	" The majority of the dead reside here . "
tr	PRES	She just throws things in , tastes a bit , then throws something else in . "
tr	PAST	" I can 't call you Angel anymore , " Boone stated sadly .
tr	PAST	But at the end she blamed herself .
tr	PAST	The police eventually identified him as responsible for fourteen rapes , three of which ended in murder .
tr	PRES	But again I apologise .
tr	PAST	Anyway , the windows out front advertised cream puffs and fresh baked breads .
tr	PRES	' My lady , ' he whispers .
tr	PAST	Mary Jo doubted that anything else could 've been hidden inside that small space .
tr	PAST	" That 's what it calls itself , anyhow .
tr	PRES	Split knuckles on either hand .
tr	PRES	Time slows as the other car skims past , just inches from the truck .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the letter into his doublet and made off .
tr	PRES	" Miss McKenna ? "
tr	PAST	Right before you meet the shovel , " Ty advised as he tried not to laugh at the thought of that damn shovel .
tr	PAST	" Bell " he announced .
tr	PRES	Tilting to the left , I easily evaded all of his attacks and wore him out after a half an hour .
tr	PAST	His lips curved mockingly .
tr	PRES	Rory opens the door and sits down on my bed with me , pulling me into a hug .
tr	PAST	Ordinarily , the force split , and they planted more than one field at a time , but Longshot felt uneasy with that practice .
tr	PAST	Thayer squinted , thinking .
tr	PRES	Day helps Eden and their caretaker inside first , and when they 're both buckled up , we climb in .
tr	PRES	In fact , only blocks away .
tr	PRES	He enters the first door then walks around the room .
tr	PAST	Many simply fled the city or the country in fear of their lives .
tr	PRES	" And the White Court loves manipulating everything indirectly .
tr	PRES	Her quiet voice stalls the anger inside me , and I relax into the wall behind me , shoving my hands into my pockets .
tr	PRES	I don 't see very many shiny medals on his chest , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Grace 's heart clutched .
tr	PRES	the English noble states .
tr	PAST	He described the pain in vivid detail .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , Annie washed the counter , cleaned the tables and put out silverware .
tr	PRES	Kyle tries to shoo her back upstairs .
tr	PAST	I hollered up at him as he shoved open a metal door .
tr	PRES	But he yawns again , and I know I should let him get some sleep .
tr	PRES	Jason chews on that idea in his mind for a few moments and decides it doesn 't fit .
tr	PRES	He likes you better anyway .
tr	PRES	Miss Rayner , please meet our President , Mr. John Fitzgerald Kennedy . "
tr	PRES	Suffer long , my mind , yield not your peace to the tale of these vile serpents .
tr	PRES	" He plays for the other team .
tr	PAST	I dumped the entire basket of clothes , colors and whites , into the machine all at once .
tr	PAST	A bush rustled , and a second soldier stepped out from behind it .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , wondering if she 'd somehow seen the fight and come to help .
tr	PRES	A sickening feeling crawls from my stomach to the surface of my skin .
tr	PRES	' Hi , ' I said , startling him .
tr	PAST	I pinched the bridge of my nose , trying to think .
tr	PAST	The momentary relief of being out of the sun provided an opportunity to ponder what next to do .
tr	PRES	22 There was no one passing out flyers at the entrance to Safeway .
tr	PRES	He embraces me , kissing each temple .
tr	PRES	It shreds easy as wet paper , further and further away from me .
tr	PRES	The first Christmas she wouldn 't be there to open presents with me and Grandma Frost .
tr	PAST	Behind her the walls glowed with an unnatural light .
tr	PRES	He tries to slide the phone back into his pocket , but I quickly grab it away .
tr	PRES	Despite the fact that I saved my friends lives in return for theirs , the truth remains : I was a murderer .
tr	PAST	He clasped her wrists , holding on to her for what would be the last time .
tr	PRES	" I 've missed you , Jules , " he whispers , accentuating his full , kissable lips .
tr	PAST	Alistair 's grip lightened as she relaxed , his hands soothing her with gentle caresses and soft murmurs .
tr	PRES	A warning rumble entered Hank 's voice .
tr	PAST	The fresh smells of Jack 's cotton T-shirt and soap waft up to my nose , luring me into a trance .
tr	PRES	Murray pondered over the options himself .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over .
tr	PRES	" A shamanic totem . "
tr	PAST	His fine nose pinched .
tr	PRES	Movement near where I parked my car causes me to shift so I can look past my brother .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches across and touches my bandaged leg .
tr	PAST	She grunted from the strength of its death hold .
tr	PRES	" He loves to discuss gardening .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 5 I do meet the most interesting people " Please state your business before you come any closer , " Rick announced .
tr	PAST	He twirled between his fingers the club he held in the other .
tr	PAST	Its leap flattened him back in the seat , leaving him breathless .
tr	PRES	The light from the fires flared , brighter than anything I 'd seen since the sunset .
tr	PAST	I eyed him and reconsidered .
tr	PAST	He tipped the driver handily when they arrived and he climbed out , waiting for it to leave before he started to move .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , then shrug .
tr	PRES	Eight and I huddle up for a second time .
tr	PRES	I bit my lip to hold back a scream ; what if he sees me ?
tr	PRES	Seth ... " " Maybe we 're not supposed to be this way , Georgie . "
tr	PRES	Wulf whisked her up into his arms and ran with her .
tr	PRES	Not quite ... The old man proceeds to tell a story about a group of ragged carnival folk that passed this way some months ago .
tr	PAST	They piled out of the backseat on the driver 's side , leaving the two men up front .
tr	PRES	" Get up , Lulu .
tr	PAST	The filmy material of her gown highlighted an amazing figure .
tr	PRES	As his eyes adjust , he sees different objects darting back and forth , approaching and leaving the city .
tr	PAST	Reaching his locker , he tugged the door open and caught his BlackBerry as it rattled across the bottom of the metal locker .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Park , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	The wicked grin he gave her sent a wave of goose bumps shimmering across her skin .
tr	PAST	He split open the Ismaili Muslim with his crescent shaped axe and his attacker fell into the campfire , throwing bright sparks over the attendants .
tr	PRES	The guy loves her ... and he doesn 't even realize it .
tr	PAST	She giggled and gave me a saucy grin .
tr	PRES	Don 't you fret about it .
tr	PAST	" In case Jagger visited me again . "
tr	PAST	The Book of Moons lay in the dirt , the moon embossed on its black leather cover facing the sky .
tr	PRES	" Am I pleased to see you , Major .
tr	PRES	" Don 't move , Elijah .
tr	PAST	He exhaled heavily through his mouth .
tr	PAST	Kelly whipped around , her gaze darting from her mother and the vile words she spewed to Nash and the stunned expression of disbelief on his face .
tr	PAST	As a soft snow continued to rise from her skin , Meikle gently floated to the floor .
tr	PRES	I scramble to mask my surprise at this interesting turn of events .
tr	PRES	Exciting stuff like reconnaissance and combat occur outside our purview as surveyors .
tr	PRES	He wears dark glasses that wrap around his face and he is wearing a long sleeved shirt .
tr	PAST	The engines roared , then quieted as the plane began its slow roll forward .
tr	PRES	I would never make an innocent child leave my house , " Amy explains completely serious .
tr	PAST	Horton clasped his hands over his belly .
tr	PAST	She sighted down the barrel of her gun , the weapon rock steady in her hands .
tr	PRES	It helps them sleep at night . "
tr	PAST	Every muscle in his body tensed as he waited .
tr	PAST	Within minutes his pistol , fitted with a silencer , commenced firing rounds in several directions , hitting each target twice before moving onto the next .
tr	PAST	After narrowly dodging the assault , he charged her .
tr	PAST	When his strong fingers splayed across her thighs , she stiffened and her eyes opened wide .
tr	PAST	The warmth of his chest invaded her back as he surrounded her with his marvelous arms .
tr	PAST	Every time we went near each other , things exploded .
tr	PAST	This spurred him to reach into his pocket and pull forth a handful of coins .
tr	PRES	" No , " Amelia mumbled to herself .
tr	PRES	" And don 't worry , I 'll hold your hand the entire time , so you won 't get lost , " he teased .
tr	PAST	She inquired already knowing the answer .
tr	PAST	Plenty of room inside , last time she visited , for a large stack of assorted towels , bath , hand , and face .
tr	PRES	A command whispers in his ear .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " he rumbled , his voice hoarse with disuse .
tr	PAST	" Ty 's very good at his job , " Zane defended quietly .
tr	PRES	What brings you this way ? "
tr	PRES	She disappears from the doorway , probably to retrieve a phone .
tr	PAST	Sea gulls lazily circled overhead , casting giant shadows along the piers .
tr	PRES	" Nay , lass .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , someone will be around soon with more , " Dianna advised .
tr	PAST	I smacked him on the chest .
tr	PRES	Alec stops drawing for a minute and pushes some of my hair behind my ear for me .
tr	PAST	She sensed more than heard him follow her into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Before she could say anything , the phone disconnected .
tr	PRES	In hopes that one of our variations would make us proud someday , " Raoul explains .
tr	PAST	We proceeded into the darkness and noticed some weird surroundings .
tr	PRES	" Setting anti-matter flow to minimum settings . "
tr	PRES	" So my sweet little Ari likes a bit of excitement in the bedroom ? "
tr	PAST	She sensed him holding back , waiting for her to be ready .
tr	PRES	Thanks for the pep talk , Jess .
tr	PAST	I scooted away on the ground , but something grabbed me from behind .
tr	PRES	Technically , he deals in concealed weaponry . "
tr	PAST	As he did , Leta inhaled deeply .
tr	PAST	Lucas crossed the small clearing , his boots padding softly against the layers of vegetation .
tr	PAST	Rich sobered up and nodded .
tr	PRES	Micha opens the driver door and steps back so Ethan can climb into the backseat .
tr	PAST	He ' d proven as much more times than she could count .
tr	PAST	Tyson fiddled with her monitoring equipment .
tr	PRES	" The diamond medallion grants the user , in effect , all three . "
tr	PAST	I can come over , spoil them and leave when the diapers get dirty , " he joked .
tr	PAST	Day five proved to be a continuation of the torment she 'd been living .
tr	PRES	' It doesn 't sound very safe , ' I grumble .
tr	PAST	Lifting his lighter , he flicked it and watched as the picture caught fire .
tr	PRES	I dreaded seeing Zander at school on Tuesday , but he wasn 't there .
tr	PAST	She eyed him for a second , and the Prince thought she would refuse to answer again .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , Maximus .
tr	PRES	Smiling , he pushes the tire swing toward me , and I catch it and force it away from us .
tr	PRES	Please go on , Aunt Katherine .
tr	PRES	" Mallory obviously likes younger guys . "
tr	PRES	" As in from Doctor Who ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh Jesus . "
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the napkin in her lap , suddenly at a loss for words .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PAST	My face smacked into it .
tr	PRES	Liza often snuck into the real Patrick 's room and told him stories late into the night .
tr	PAST	I sensed jealousy over their closeness .
tr	PAST	Shutting the refrigerator door I reflected on how sad that was .
tr	PAST	" You ... tricked me . "
tr	PAST	The anger that had been eating at me with every passing minute sitting on that beautiful , uncomfortable chair waned slightly .
tr	PAST	Even donkeys , placid creatures as they were , preferred not to carry werewolves or vampires .
tr	PRES	The head monk waves his hand and the gate opens .
tr	PRES	Dust fills the room .
tr	PAST	She sniffed into the tissue .
tr	PRES	And then Noah helps me navigate the minefield .
tr	PRES	" So he points out to you at a later date just what sort of mistake it was to ask for what you asked for .
tr	PAST	Antonia gritted her teeth as all her aunts and cousins laughed at Sal 's joke .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " she teased when she caught me studying them .
tr	PAST	Luke 's eyes flicked behind her .
tr	PRES	I lean against the open passenger side door .
tr	PRES	" People who cannot see , identify .
tr	PRES	" The lobe allows the sea people to breathe underwater .
tr	PAST	He retreated to the shop area .
tr	PRES	The priest stops her as she stands .
tr	PAST	" He 's in shock , " Joanna stated .
tr	PRES	On it lies one thick book .
tr	PRES	I shout and then throw a pillow at him , feeling the angry monster inside of me surfacing .
tr	PAST	The four of us hike up the hill towards the castle , my mind drifting as I stare at the outlines of the tree beside us .
tr	PAST	" My help cost them everything .
tr	PRES	He learns fast . "
tr	PRES	The clockmaker stares at his hands .
tr	PRES	" Err ... well NO but ... " " So if you kill them what will their deaths achieve ? "
tr	PRES	I exhale a rush of air .
tr	PAST	She attempted to protest , but it was obvious she was still too unnerved by the murder of her friend to conjure her usual spirit .
tr	PAST	She doubted that she would be able to back out now .
tr	PAST	I faked a laugh .
tr	PRES	" I ... he ... he tricked me into letting him snuggle up against my breasts . "
tr	PRES	Yesterday ... " he drums his fingers on his chin .
tr	PRES	Her eyes roam the floor and mine stay on her face , waiting for her to come home .
tr	PRES	Sweat drips down my temples as Sean slowly pushes into me and my head slams back into the wall .
tr	PRES	" Just relax . "
tr	PAST	Just when she thought there were no other options , the entrance door chimed as a pair of clueless customers walked in .
tr	PAST	The ropes prevented me .
tr	PAST	I crouched at the edge of the building , craning my neck to see around the side .
tr	PRES	I blurt the words before I think better of them .
tr	PRES	He winks at me , but there 's sadness flowing from him .
tr	PRES	" Later , please , Constance .
tr	PAST	He doubted that Ruthie , Judah , and Wayne had even considered inviting Tamar to join them tonight .
tr	PRES	He seemed to sense what she was thinking , because he leaned closer to her on the bed , pul ing her snugly against him .
tr	PRES	When dessert is over , Julia pays with a Gold Card .
tr	PRES	" If that is what you wish , Lord Rafe . "
tr	PAST	Marcus transformed and stood his ground .
tr	PAST	Eric pretended not to notice the majority of his Shifters disappearing any given night , and they pretended to think he didn 't know .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and wipes a tear away .
tr	PRES	" Awkward , " Jamie mumbled as he backed up toward the door .
tr	PAST	Josephine weaved as dizziness crashed into her body like a physical force that threatened to knock her off her feet .
tr	PAST	I stiffened when the closet door flung open and I squinted against the sudden bright light .
tr	PAST	His feet slapped the rough wooden floor .
tr	PRES	Like a hangman 's noose . "
tr	PAST	When I got to my car , I phoned Ed 's cell but got only voice mail .
tr	PAST	The hotel featured over a dozen restaurants , bars and fast - food eateries , all scattered around the perimeter of the gaming floor .
tr	PAST	Claire adjusted her blanket .
tr	PAST	And that was the woman in the picture Monica had just slapped down on the table .
tr	PRES	But he still loves you , Sara . "
tr	PAST	the generically named man exclaimed , " I thought you killed us nearly forty thousand words ago ! "
tr	PRES	I swing around , seeing calm lake water with a solo canoe , empty .
tr	PAST	She stares at me , moving her head when I move mine until I 'm forced to look at her .
tr	PRES	She uses the three books in that series to detail the effects of different forms of abuse , discussing issues which are known to be taboo .
tr	PRES	Are you trying to spread lies about me , or is that just a nice little fringe benefit in your line of work ? "
tr	PAST	He untangled his arm from around Savannah and punched in his security code to unlock it .
tr	PRES	" I apologise , sir , but you have a visitor . "
tr	PAST	No one bothered her here .
tr	PAST	When her son was born , she named him Samuel . "
tr	PRES	I lean over to pick it up between the moving legs and feet .
tr	PRES	Finnick 's voice rises from a bundle in the shadows .
tr	PRES	" What a bloody mess , " spat Pierce as they re-entered the Brown Hall .
tr	PRES	" More than you could ever imagine , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	His voice matches his aggravation .
tr	PRES	This I vow by the great parasol . "
tr	PAST	As Gabriel made genuine appeals of policy change and a promise to clean up corruption , Smith countered with mudslinging .
tr	PAST	I froze for a second , and then opened them and flung them closed , hitting his face in the process .
tr	PRES	Verlaine walked toward them , her steps unsteady .
tr	PAST	Pia 's lips curved .
tr	PAST	Joseph regarded his arm with newfound fascination and then looked to me with his eyebrows raised .
tr	PRES	Can you describe him and his underlings to us ? "
tr	PRES	" And then there was all that drama with Foster , " I add .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand again .
tr	PAST	His black eyes flicked up and down her .
tr	PAST	I clutched her arm and turned her to face me and saw that her lips and tongue were swelling rapidly .
tr	PRES	" What equation ? "
tr	PRES	' What if someone hears us ? '
tr	PAST	Fitzgerald countered by spinning away to the left and landing a hammer fist to Zamir 's temple .
tr	PRES	He slides on top of me , holding up his weight on his hands .
tr	PRES	And , if you will excuse me , " He bowed his head , mocking the woman before him , " my opportunity approaches . "
tr	PAST	He tipped the gas can and shoved the nozzle into the tank .
tr	PAST	" Hello ... " crooned the cat 's hunter brain .
tr	PAST	The silent volcano within me exploded .
tr	PAST	The warmth of their uninhibited joy swirled around Jake , tapping into hollow places in his soul and making him feel strangely uneasy .
tr	PRES	Jacob Jacob where are you Hand on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	I commissioned this hit .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as the burn of my pendant intensified , certain that it was searing my skin .
tr	PRES	Looking to where Andrew and Nicholas lay , only one remains .
tr	PRES	" Just a bit crude though . "
tr	PRES	Endoscopy permits the diagnosis and surgical treatment of a wide variety of ailments using minimally invasive surgery .
tr	PAST	" You called Maggie , " he stated .
tr	PRES	I wince when the salve touches it .
tr	PRES	" These books all belong to you now .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Serena 's head snaps up .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Ronan , can I get you a chair or a cup of coffee , or anything ? "
tr	PRES	" Meredith , no lies , please . "
tr	PRES	" She loves it .
tr	PRES	Jacques pauses to look over the crowd of people , then begins , " We would like to thank all of you for your prayers .
tr	PAST	Her arms caressed his face , his neck .
tr	PRES	Peeta buries his face in his hands for a few moments , then rises to join us .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved into a teasing grin .
tr	PRES	The world slows down and is more brightly lit .
tr	PRES	I crouch down beside her .
tr	PRES	" Giving up one 's life deserves supreme compensation . "
tr	PAST	Sali 's older brother attended the University of Texas , studying engineering .
tr	PRES	I mean , again , " I add , looking at Grady .
tr	PAST	She inched back towards the ballroom doors hoping that she hadn 't been noticed .
tr	PRES	Temple gazes at her , trying to hold her vision in place .
tr	PAST	He turned back to me , the anger fading from his eyes as he beheld me .
tr	PAST	I squinted in confusion , then smiled .
tr	PRES	An image of Quinn pops into my head , but it is quickly overshadowed by an image of Quinn with Elena .
tr	PAST	" Not entirely professional , " a familiar voice boomed from the bottom of the Ditch , " but completely understandable , my dear .
tr	PAST	The seventh time he approached the house , he slowed as he neared the security gate at the driveway .
tr	PAST	Bax eyed him with an arched brow , but then moved off to see how well their goods were drying .
tr	PRES	" Not after they lost Dakota .
tr	PRES	Bandana throws his beer overboard .
tr	PRES	" Ah , she remembers . "
tr	PRES	" Says here you 're from Mayfield , Kentucky .
tr	PRES	You sound like a little kid on Christmas morning , " Henry teased .
tr	PAST	She was a beauty , Bill reflected .
tr	PAST	" You 're the one who is perfect , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	" What the fudge ? "
tr	PAST	He shrank back the tiniest bit at her show of outrage , but then he stood back up and glared at her .
tr	PAST	She slowed Breathless and immediately found Groth rallying a group of dwarves to his side all fully armored .
tr	PRES	The door creaks open .
tr	PAST	He withdrew the needle and tossed it back onto the table , waiting .
tr	PAST	She smacked the middle of his back with her fists .
tr	PAST	Not to be easily dissuaded , I crawled up behind her and began stroking her breasts .
tr	PAST	" Welcome , ladies and gentlemen , " I hollered , " to Bowling for Vampires ! "
tr	PAST	Her gaze retreated , her fingers seeking out the pages of the top-most research book .
tr	PRES	( Liz likes questions too much to ever let one go unanswered . )
tr	PRES	If you can give me a lift afterward . "
tr	PRES	It stands empty except for tools -- someone has stuffed in implements to the rafters .
tr	PRES	" Just resting up before the rush . "
tr	PAST	Both she and Vincent fairly glowed with their joy .
tr	PRES	I distinctly recall hearing the word ' gift ' from you two .
tr	PRES	Particularly as their time draws near . "
tr	PAST	However , she had not even written the letter yet , never mind posted it .
tr	PRES	" I assume you are the one who broke my lantern . "
tr	PAST	He dialed , checking the binder several times .
tr	PRES	" She deserves all the happiness in the world . "
tr	PRES	He whispers closer to me .
tr	PAST	" You did , " Burnett countered .
tr	PAST	Dozens of giant stone slabs arose from the ground .
tr	PAST	The waterways curved around small islands of muck and thick green vegetation .
tr	PAST	His arm , a band of steel , circled her waist and pulled her back against the hard cradle of his body .
tr	PRES	His shoulders relax a little as something like a smile starts to play on the edges of his mouth .
tr	PRES	Detective Ray flashes across my mind .
tr	PAST	His body stiffened and he held up a hand , motioning for us to slow our pace .
tr	PRES	A bright Cardinal red , in some type of shiny fabric , white buttons down the front .
tr	PRES	The rain washes it down .
tr	PRES	" They are staying here at the base until the orphanage is finished , " I add .
tr	PAST	The man swiped his finger on the iPad , turning on an app .
tr	PAST	Her skin crawled each time the air blowers kicked on or a computer beeped in the distance .
tr	PAST	Our currents mingled for a second before she let go of my hand and walked away .
tr	PRES	It almost fills me with energy just on it 's own .
tr	PRES	Another husky man with tattoos all over his bald head and down his neck reaches inside the elevator and presses a button .
tr	PAST	Her thumbs caressed the sculpted line of his cheekbones , holding him still as she pressed her lips to the tip of his aristocratic nose .
tr	PAST	He sensed her trepidation , swore as her voice ended abruptly , breaking their connection .
tr	PRES	Like frost on a windowpane , soothing all the bumps and bruises .
tr	PRES	My own reflection taunts me and drives me mad .
tr	PRES	" It ruined him , James .
tr	PAST	Not my mother , as I at first feared .
tr	PAST	A whisper of good hope lingered silently in my ears , assuring me of what was in front of me .
tr	PRES	His body language changes suddenly as he realizes he 's enraptured me with his intellect and charm .
tr	PRES	Sandra rested her head on his shoulder , her breaths swaying the hairs on his chest as he stared at the plaster nebulas on the ceiling .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PRES	For not trusting her instincts when her gut screamed at her to cut and run and keep on running .
tr	PAST	She screeched again , and began climbing the wall .
tr	PRES	" I 'm glad that one of us does , " Emma whispers .
tr	PAST	She prayed the ghostly being away .
tr	PRES	I swing open the front door and come face to face with Rebecca .
tr	PRES	Chloe stands above me squeezing the life out of a large tube of paint .
tr	PAST	He clutched the side of the boat with a white-knuckle grip and didn 't make a sound or move a muscle .
tr	PRES	His name begins with a Professor and ends with a Stanley .
tr	PAST	He attempted to grab hold of the mop , but she experienced a small sense of triumph by eluding his grasp .
tr	PAST	She immediately sneezed , because even the rope was dusty .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his medical bag and holds up a tray with eight vials .
tr	PAST	Lara crouched down beside the pods , studying them carefully and then , careful not to step on them , examined the double rows of brownish icicles .
tr	PAST	" It 's just right , " the nurse reassured him .
tr	PRES	One of the many guards standing behind him clutches his own trident tighter .
tr	PRES	Sensing I 'm staring at him , he reaches out and pushes me toward Pam , into the frame .
tr	PRES	The whites of his eyes shine like glass , splintered with red veins .
tr	PAST	Danielle collapsed on the sandy floor and sobbed .
tr	PRES	" The little fairy ... " I go down and get my gear from where it 's stored , rolled up beside our ... his hammock .
tr	PAST	" Concentrate , " Cassie urged , gritting her teeth as blisters began to form on her skin and Caine whined in sudden pain .
tr	PAST	Fortunately , I dealt with it pretty quickly .
tr	PRES	She hears padding footsteps , and something scratches at the door to her room .
tr	PAST	I pinched the stupid card my father had left me between my thumb and forefinger , rubbing the new foiled number .
tr	PRES	Once there and safely locked inside my stall , I lean my forehead against the cool door , thumping against it a few times .
tr	PAST	Cassie 's phone beeped again .
tr	PRES	Tears shine in her eyes and her tough exterior melts .
tr	PAST	I scooted forward in my chair and smiled , although the way she looked made me want to cry .
tr	PRES	She arches an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	A cop stops beside us and clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Their business dealt mainly with energy and water in the US , and exporting and importing oil to and from Asia .
tr	PAST	Another thing , carrying a shotgun cocked all the time is doubly dangerous .
tr	PAST	Instead of strengthening the wall , we created a city ... a city for the dead ones to feed upon . "
tr	PRES	All of a sudden , an email alert pops up and wakes him .
tr	PRES	He flinches but then looks down at where my hand is on him .
tr	PRES	" Baker 's , I assume .
tr	PAST	" Eggs cost twice as much without the household ration coupon , " Kowalski countered .
tr	PAST	" If you say so , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	She washed up the mug and coffeepot , shuffled off to the bathroom and attempted a sponge bath , with limited results .
tr	PRES	As the last of the professors accepts this , silence falls on the table .
tr	PAST	Carefully , I unscrewed the head of the pipe and shoved the potato into it , placing the showerhead back over the top .
tr	PAST	I never remarried after your mother . "
tr	PRES	She holds out her palm .
tr	PRES	Chapter Twenty Nine Jay and his family stands by the door .
tr	PRES	" I need to get out of here , " I mutter in panic as I fan my hand in front of my damp face .
tr	PRES	Mom lays a hand on my shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Friendly , " he mumbled as he continued to struggle with the mutt .
tr	PAST	But they dared not stop .
tr	PAST	My father looks flattered that the news has spread .
tr	PAST	The cameras also recorded him hiking off into the hilly region on his bike .
tr	PRES	Wet , slick , luscious .
tr	PRES	Eventually , the tunnel opens into an enormous room with a domed ceiling .
tr	PAST	She plopped onto the couch .
tr	PRES	They feed off the souls . "
tr	PRES	Lucifer 's nails ... It was in the drink .
tr	PRES	He stares into my eyes .
tr	PRES	Behind me , the door opens .
tr	PRES	" See that , lass ?
tr	PAST	" Quick steps , " Romulus advised , flying over first .
tr	PRES	I shout after her .
tr	PRES	I rifle through my clothes .
tr	PRES	" He owes me four sous for his laundry .
tr	PRES	He joins Rico in the frantic wire swapping and gentle banging of the equipment .
tr	PRES	" Good morning Duff .
tr	PAST	Cold air swirled around her ankles as the barn door banged open .
tr	PAST	He just chased me down the street . "
tr	PRES	She likes you Toby . "
tr	PAST	James tugged at Adriana 's arm telling her that he thought he knew the guitarist .
tr	PAST	Her head tipped to the side as she watched him watch her .
tr	PAST	Chuck sensed something or someone watching him from behind .
tr	PAST	Everybody cheered , and drank , clapped shoulders and nearly burst into song .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 've not done it before . "
tr	PRES	Because when I 'm in a new or unusual situation , I crave sugar .
tr	PAST	And even worse , no way to get the answers I sought .
tr	PAST	He achieved a life condition that transcended time and space , and he awoke to his ultimate potential .
tr	PAST	He eyed it then threw it against the wall .
tr	PAST	After giving her a few minutes of silence , he broached conversation .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , mimicking his position .
tr	PRES	" A rifle , from a couple of blocks away .
tr	PRES	That damned old man been blabbing lies about me ?
tr	PRES	His hand lands another blow , lighter this time .
tr	PRES	" She refuses to let us near her .
tr	PAST	Voices floated on the still morning air , startling us all .
tr	PRES	" I can wait , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the pair of soldiers in front of them stiffened .
tr	PRES	Her green eyes shone with the truth of her statement .
tr	PRES	' Little Spirit ? '
tr	PRES	He grasps my hand tight in his , " Do you want to live ?
tr	PAST	I scribbled a note to him , " Dear John , your Bible fell out of your briefcase when you were here .
tr	PRES	What if the combined side effects of a drug , causes more discomfort than the illness ?
tr	PAST	Gordon eyed his assistant with cold suspicion .
tr	PAST	But after 50 meters he sensed he had not been followed so turned his head quickly to see what had happened .
tr	PRES	" What about my mama ? "
tr	PRES	He reaches a hand toward me .
tr	PRES	" Where you all had jobs , " I prod her .
tr	PRES	Security cameras , café equipment , consulting practice documents , research projects , accounts payable ... everything . "
tr	PRES	He points into the darkness .
tr	PRES	' So he hates me because ... what ?
tr	PAST	She doubted that the action would result in the loss of her license , but she decided to take that chance .
tr	PRES	Jayden pushes me up against the wall and leans forward , crushing his body against mine so I can 't move , placing his lips on mine .
tr	PRES	She stands in front of us without shaking hands or a wheezing , raspy chest .
tr	PRES	He was coming towards her , his dripping hooks slashing through the air and his black teeth showing in a grin .
tr	PAST	In the doorway of Charming 's cottage , she clutched the handles of her suitcases .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head a little and reached out to her instinctively .
tr	PAST	The square and paper both glowed with a mysterious green light as the wall split down the middle and opened up .
tr	PAST	The bell above the door chimed and when Carol glanced up , she nearly did a double-take .
tr	PRES	" Take me home , " she begged .
tr	PAST	I wavered between amusement and anger .
tr	PRES	She breathes as she sees my face emerge from the door .
tr	PAST	I circled my hips , wetting his tip .
tr	PRES	When I look away , he chuckles .
tr	PAST	He clipped the last word , then repeated , " And here you are with Nick . "
tr	PRES	Staring deep into my eyes , he whispered , " Please don 't go , Angel .
tr	PAST	You see , my father never approved of my lifestyle .
tr	PRES	" Okay goodnight . "
tr	PRES	The spider stared at him , its eyes gleaming in the sunlight .
tr	PAST	Mat exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	His smoldering eyes crawled every inch of my body .
tr	PAST	The sound of his voice matched his eyes .
tr	PAST	" No one knows where it is , " John countered .
tr	PRES	" Eric , snap out of it . "
tr	PRES	Storm holds up a finger .
tr	PRES	" With one hundred percent accuracy .
tr	PAST	She prayed that Mary would still be alive .
tr	PRES	' Only to come here and look on the pool bears the penalty of death .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air and bounded from the room .
tr	PRES	When the horse descended he threw the lance , Pegasus bent downwards .
tr	PRES	" It explains who we are and how we can help you help yourself .
tr	PAST	She seriously doubted papers would fit where he planned to inspect .
tr	PRES	Whoever loses treats dinner , ' kay ? "
tr	PAST	Chapter 3 Then I proceeded to give my father a piece of my mind - several pieces , actually .
tr	PRES	" Lunatics , " she hisses just before the car door closes off her voice .
tr	PAST	But none of that awaited him .
tr	PAST	Pedro , panicking in his cage , hopped around , fluffing up his bedding .
tr	PRES	Most nights , he passes out on the couch .
tr	PAST	I blamed my husband for it , for making my entire existence revolve around my art .
tr	PRES	Quickly tying the rope around his waist he climbs up on the bowsprit where Diana has already climbed to get Jody .
tr	PRES	She lets out a weak scream .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me . "
tr	PAST	They rustled gently and low-level echoes of the sound came back off the alley 's walls .
tr	PRES	The principal holds a general meeting to inform us that there will be zero tolerance for cruel behavior .
tr	PRES	He loves that hair .
tr	PAST	She pinched the bridge of her nose , squeezing her eyes shut .
tr	PAST	Please , please , I prayed .
tr	PAST	She cocked a hip and winked .
tr	PRES	But she offers Xander a gleaming white smile .
tr	PRES	After a long sip , he stares at James .
tr	PRES	One even reaches out and tugs at the sleeve of my dress .
tr	PRES	" Sure , a mermaid , " Robin teased dramatically .
tr	PRES	" I see you want me to give you a little show , well , lets see .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 've heard of Michael Tolland ? "
tr	PAST	A yellow glow floated in the street .
tr	PAST	I preferred to stay away from crowds .
tr	PAST	His line of work required a calm and cool sort of reserve .
tr	PAST	When he got home , he dumped his purchases on the kitchen counter .
tr	PAST	I named her like you and Mom named me .
tr	PRES	" As you say , Miss Ralston . "
tr	PAST	Chapel I race down an empty hallway , dashing into each open door .
tr	PAST	He zipped it closed and tied the bag snuggly around his waist .
tr	PAST	On shelves , unidentifiable or unmentionable objects and creatures and parts of creatures floated in glass bottles filled with cloudy liquid .
tr	PRES	When she stops to look at the sun or soak her feet in the river that still runs parallel to them , he stops also .
tr	PAST	We sought him and , thinking him dead , sought his body .
tr	PAST	But my heart tugged .
tr	PAST	Whether that goal was standing in the sitting room to weave one of the strange , shimmering glyphs that revealed a foretelling .
tr	PRES	" You danced ? "
tr	PRES	She loves you guys .
tr	PAST	The porter finally announced their arrival and stood outside the car , helping the women disembark .
tr	PRES	Below her footsteps , he runs along the wall , sees the door mat besides the kitchen door entrance as he runs .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Sophie mumbled .
tr	PRES	She helps with the brewing and distilling , though she 's careful never to inhale when steam bursts from beneath lids and wafts up in fragrant clouds .
tr	PAST	" And we 'll assign you a number , " the other chimed in .
tr	PAST	The idle chit chat the concepts had been sharing ceased .
tr	PAST	Gently rubbing the tenderly exposed cartilage corners .
tr	PAST	A rosy flush painted her bronze cheeks , and her green eyes glinted behind her silver glasses .
tr	PRES	How about on your twelfth birthday ? "
tr	PAST	Fear seized the Prince , true terror , for perhaps the first time in his life .
tr	PAST	The rest swooped in closer to the heroes and it was clear to everyone that the dragons were winning .
tr	PAST	I stole the man she brought home to marry .
tr	PAST	The snake coiled tighter and tighter , cutting into the kami and eventually crushing it .
tr	PRES	Pay attention , because this next thing I teach is the most important thing you need to learn .
tr	PAST	She engaged the oval-shaped brass latch and heard his sharp inhalation behind her .
tr	PRES	He winks at her , saying into the panel .
tr	PRES	Newton changes every day .
tr	PAST	I re-entered English society as a long lost nephew to my aging uncle .
tr	PAST	Jake 's deep laugh boomed through the room .
tr	PRES	The tornado inside it reaches down toward us .
tr	PRES	His castle stands near this cliff and is forty times larger than my own that we are currently travelling to .
tr	PAST	Then the cold deepened .
tr	PRES	It falls away on its hinges .
tr	PRES	They increase our numbers .
tr	PRES	Wes rises over me ready to press in and make me his for all eternity .
tr	PAST	They established a hasty perimeter around the downtown area , mainly using additional men or teenage boys who volunteered to help instead of evacuate .
tr	PRES	He goin to buy me a big house and we 're gon na have kids .
tr	PRES	" The panties too . "
tr	PRES	At the last minute Jessamine passes on the trip , exercising her prerogative of being a pain in the ass .
tr	PRES	The Official wears an overly fake look of remorse .
tr	PRES	He pushes his bangs off his forehead .
tr	PRES	He drums his fingers on his bare knee .
tr	PRES	" Yes , that could be it , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	' I healed well . '
tr	PAST	Seagulls screeched and dove .
tr	PRES	She dreaded each new face , the same words of sympathy spoken over and over , her same reply of thanks .
tr	PRES	He loves his school , and he 's made such good friends .
tr	PRES	" And you Coach . "
tr	PAST	And then , her father transformed before her eyes .
tr	PRES	Zeke climbs back into the black car and turns to Josh .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance over at Marla , who looked utterly triumphant .
tr	PRES	Please , " he begged and reached for me .
tr	PRES	Fiercely loyal green , purple for his fears , and the scarlet of his heart .
tr	PAST	Jeff stiffened , then shook his head vigorously .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PRES	They scare me . "
tr	PRES	" Guess it was my lucky day , " mumbled the seedy prisoner .
tr	PAST	She slapped at the woman 's hands and rubbed her arms .
tr	PRES	Charles opens the door and Helen steps out .
tr	PAST	As a compromise , he stuffed them into the side pouch of his arrow quiver for safekeeping .
tr	PRES	" I 'm Tash - Natasha , " I correct myself .
tr	PRES	What a blessing , marrying so young . "
tr	PAST	A narrow walkway circled the top of the Eiffel , and the city of Paris was spread out before me .
tr	PRES	Carrie exclaimed , hooking her hands under her armpits , elbows out , flapping her " wings . "
tr	PAST	" The one named Zach ? "
tr	PRES	At the same time , the flames in the shop vanish without a trace , leaving nothing but black smoke curling from the building .
tr	PAST	Kincaid eyed the empty glass on the bar like he wished it was still full .
tr	PRES	And then , click .
tr	PRES	He absentmindedly reaches behind him and touches the spot on his back where I saw his wings sprout from .
tr	PRES	A new sort of worry begins , and I read on , hoping it 's just a lie .
tr	PRES	It just occurs to me that she 's quite small .
tr	PAST	Romain motioned toward her fries , which were growing cold .
tr	PRES	" Although I know Tristan loves it . "
tr	PRES	He hooks them together .
tr	PAST	Finally , she appointed a young woman who had degrees in both social work and women 's studies , a woman who seemed tough yet compassionate .
tr	PRES	When my time with Hayes was over , I actually dreaded leaving .
tr	PRES	The Russian language uses a different alphabet all together .
tr	PAST	Richards pondered for a second .
tr	PAST	A quarter of a mile later , they exited the ravine and found themselves on a plain of red soil and scattered scrub brush .
tr	PAST	He recorded the coverage on his computer .
tr	PAST	His thick muscular legs coiled like pressed springs , pumped with his Vito , and launched him forward .
tr	PRES	" Did Fritz Rayburn threaten to ruin your husband professionally if he did not divorce you ? "
tr	PAST	As I pushed through the door , the ocean breeze washed over me , immediately calming my pounding heart .
tr	PRES	Hele points her gun at his chest .
tr	PRES	I am thinking you and your ships best be on their way before they get here , " Beverly explains .
tr	PRES	Allyson snaps a picture and texts it to Dee .
tr	PAST	She retreated to a chair .
tr	PAST	Ares adjusted the strap on his automatic rifle and stayed behind his father .
tr	PRES	Says Greg and finally we relax -- to some extent .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Clarity ? "
tr	PAST	" They are perhaps helpless , drugged in their beds , awaiting their fate as we speak .
tr	PAST	I doubted that faith would remain if I told him about Seth and Hermes .
tr	PAST	I saw the beauty that resides in the unknowable future , our lips , our bodies fused as one .
tr	PAST	Stalker glided down the ladder with the grace that made him such a phenomenal fighter at close range .
tr	PAST	I crumpled the flower in my palm .
tr	PAST	As they looked on , the Jet Ranger slowed and made a wide turn around the ship .
tr	PRES	" No more lies ?
tr	PAST	Carpathian males always protected women and children above their own lives .
tr	PAST	Water quickly soaked through my clothes as I trudged to my car , but I barely felt it .
tr	PRES	Normally they celebrate the halfway point with a banquet .
tr	PRES	" It holds the key . "
tr	PRES	The sight of Keira , bound , enraged him .
tr	PRES	' One of the major gods ? '
tr	PRES	" What if the access code changes ? "
tr	PRES	Hint , hint . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm all right , " Julia lied , not wanting to talk to Charlie , not wanting to talk to anyone .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , nearly coming from the intense pleasure of her touch as she guided him toward her slick heat .
tr	PAST	Neil inhaled so sharply he choked , and every wracking cough threatened to shake him apart .
tr	PAST	At the bottom of the steps , Davion steadied on his feet and collapsed onto my side as he shifted weight .
tr	PAST	The truck screeched to a halt out the front .
tr	PRES	The lot of us exit into an open space that appears to be used for training .
tr	PAST	He washed her face with the cool cloth .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the blankets , adjusting them around me .
tr	PRES	" It might even get tired , " Neil teased .
tr	PRES	" It 's not like I was overwhelmed by it or anything , Garn , " she mumbled through a mouthful of beef .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , held my breath , and submerged myself underneath the water .
tr	PAST	Claire cocked her head .
tr	PRES	Oh , my poor orphaned children . "
tr	PAST	Zane plopped down on the bed next to me and I frowned .
tr	PRES	The door lets out a whine as I open it .
tr	PRES	A dresser with a lamp on top of it stands between us .
tr	PRES	" In what way did he threaten your sister ? "
tr	PAST	Harry exclaimed when he saw me exit the elevator .
tr	PRES	Vampires roam the sidewalks , scrounging through dumpsters , cars , buildings , hunting for blood .
tr	PRES	He glances at my hair .
tr	PRES	" Won 't it , little china doll ?
tr	PRES	" Lance fits the description exactly .
tr	PRES	" In time , hon , in time . "
tr	PRES	This time my heart completely stops .
tr	PRES	" Oh my , " Chloe 's mother mutters as Chloe 's eyes light with fire .
tr	PRES	" I exile him , and he stays inside the city .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , but then closes it again .
tr	PRES	It throws up scenarios that run not just against the grain but against all that is fair or just .
tr	PAST	" No , in fact your too tempting to look at . "
tr	PRES	Rich reaches back and hurls the ball with everything he 's got , sending it way over Dave 's head .
tr	PAST	His mother grappled with Banks in a desperate brawl to hold the little man down .
tr	PRES	Then he crushed the torso , and tied up the arms and legs to look like a pretzel .
tr	PAST	She hopped over the man on the floor , using his body to separate her from the shadowy figures surrounding her .
tr	PRES	" What we do kills us by pieces .
tr	PAST	" Access terminated . "
tr	PRES	Or text me . "
tr	PRES	" You always do , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Chapter Fifteen When the helicopter landed at the hospital , Drake tensed .
tr	PAST	" Sit down , " Bob instructed everyone when the introductions had been made .
tr	PAST	Pete 's hand froze with the needle in the air .
tr	PAST	But soon enough , we all adapted .
tr	PAST	A woman defeated you .
tr	PRES	Eva 's hesitation in starting causes Reginald to jump back in .
tr	PAST	I attempted to ordain myself .
tr	PRES	' Ever my heart rises as we draw near the mountains .
tr	PRES	" Well , I disagree . "
tr	PRES	First , he touches the T. Rex and now you 're trying to touch a Picasso ... you need to leave .
tr	PAST	She slowly crawled back and saw her footprints on the marble .
tr	PAST	The others lingered behind him .
tr	PRES	He strikes at the First Lord now ? "
tr	PRES	Bob stops to take off his boots by the front door .
tr	PAST	Each table already bore an assortment of jams and jellies .
tr	PRES	The din rises , tearing my and Emerson 's attention away from each other .
tr	PRES	Perfectly feral at best . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Zane slowed , scowling at his surroundings .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Jade ? "
tr	PRES	I strain my ears and listen .
tr	PRES	The phone rings and my able assistant reaches over to answer it without stopping the typing with her left hand .
tr	PRES	" No , " I answer , thankful .
tr	PRES	" His spirit lives , " a favorite greeting of mine .
tr	PRES	I mumbled trying to get some leniency out of the old geezer .
tr	PAST	" Talking to them really cheered you up . "
tr	PRES	" And if I decide to sell it intact ? "
tr	PRES	Maybe she deserves better than me .
tr	PRES	" Biology , " Mrs. Felder repeated , sounding disappointed , as she wrote that down .
tr	PAST	He clutched my hand , leant down and kissed my forehead .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me , Mia .
tr	PAST	Simone crouched down below the bottom of the window , to remain out of sight .
tr	PAST	Then Torin St. James stormed into my life on his black Harley with his wicked smile and brilliant blue eyes .
tr	PRES	He loves it , and he 'll be back for more . "
tr	PAST	They joked and laughed all the way to their horses then mounted and rode south ... toward Randor 's Pass .
tr	PRES	It stands to reason its owners would want to be able to retrieve it if lost or stolen . "
tr	PAST	And she lied to me about the delivery .
tr	PRES	Kayla 's dad opens the door .
tr	PAST	I giggled as he pinched my ass .
tr	PAST	Light exploded , and Gabriel burst back into human form , naked as the day he was born .
tr	PRES	She loves going to all those galas . "
tr	PAST	" If you don 't mind babysitting ? "
tr	PAST	He tugged at his hair .
tr	PRES	She slows her step .
tr	PAST	At that point he appealed to Paulo for help .
tr	PAST	She touches my face for a fleeting moment and then she 's darting up and pushing through the crowd of people trying to leave .
tr	PRES	Her sugarcane hair shone almost neon in the light .
tr	PAST	Mary exited her corner to stand next to Carla , becoming close enough to the hold the hand of Tre 's mother .
tr	PRES	Mack stops sucking on my earlobe and moves off of me .
tr	PRES	Tracie brings the rest of our meal .
tr	PAST	Dollop referred to the bullet ship they 'd arrived on .
tr	PRES	He pulled her close to him , her chin resting against his throat .
tr	PAST	" So Zane got himself a hottie , " Leo joked , breaking the tension in the room .
tr	PRES	The lies they tell their children about us , as if we were out to hunt their kind to extinction ? "
tr	PRES	" No one here pays for anything . "
tr	PAST	Her shoulders tensed just as he heard voices sounding from downstairs .
tr	PRES	She lets it control her life .
tr	PRES	It changes shape . "
tr	PRES	" If he remembers you .
tr	PRES	Young dragons sometimes train with elder dragons this way , " Lisa explains .
tr	PRES	Not that she deserves it .
tr	PRES	I tel him it 's probably not the right school for me , which surprises him more .
tr	PAST	The car 's headlights flicked on automatically as soon as it was out of the bright sunlight .
tr	PAST	" The name 's Officer Byers , ladies , " he slurred .
tr	PAST	She flicked water on him , while clamping her legs around his waist .
tr	PRES	The dark marble bursts beneath the spirit and spreads upon the ground as a giant sinkhole .
tr	PRES	" Get out of the way , lass .
tr	PAST	The question bothered him immensely .
tr	PAST	They propped him up against the cold , concrete basement wall .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " he grunted towards the door .
tr	PAST	" There it is , " screeched Jaz .
tr	PAST	Heat from the sticky air crawled over my neck .
tr	PAST	" They want to have dinner with me , " she simply stated , her eyes still trained on the ceiling .
tr	PAST	My cell phone beeped , alerting me to a text message : Have rush job on work comp claimant .
tr	PRES	His heavy breaths pulse against my cheek .
tr	PRES	Krauss weaves his way through the throng driven by a desire to escape .
tr	PAST	Every inch of gradually revealed flesh was just as toned and tempting as it could be .
tr	PAST	The soft part of the palms of her hands touches my cheeks and slide into my hair .
tr	PRES	" Of course , you silly boy .
tr	PRES	No wildcats , except those at the wreck behind her , no Shifters at all .
tr	PRES	The tunnel opens into a small , rounded room .
tr	PAST	Something hopped through the frozen branches .
tr	PRES	His chest tightened , his breathing ragged .
tr	PRES	Since I had Persephone . "
tr	PRES	" Watch your step , little wolf , " she taunts .
tr	PAST	Carmine blanched as Corrado motioned toward the door .
tr	PRES	The man hurried forward and escorted Alexandra out , muttering soothing lies .
tr	PRES	" You could come with us , " Seth offers , ignoring the glare Callie targets at him .
tr	PRES	Chapter Fifteen The group of men in tattered rail uniforms huddle quietly in the centre of the destroyed North Street Station .
tr	PRES	" On the A Train . "
tr	PRES	' At last , progress ! '
tr	PRES	Perhaps that enraged her the most .
tr	PAST	He swiftly curved both legs , and kicked the nearest leg as hard as he could .
tr	PRES	I lean into her .
tr	PRES	" On this , the nineteenth day of the third month , I hereby crown -- " Crash !
tr	PRES	" To the duchess 's chamber , where she is holding council with her advisors . "
tr	PAST	Whenever he looked at her , he never desired to look away .
tr	PAST	He sniffed , but didn 't smell a wolf .
tr	PRES	" That explains nothing , but okay .
tr	PAST	A sweep with a long rod inside the room revealed that there was a floor , apparently free of obstructions .
tr	PAST	The sick scent of death lingered as if waiting for the pending war .
tr	PRES	Henry crawls up and throws an arm around me , pul ing me in tight .
tr	PAST	Dan attempted a whisper back but his voice was too deep to be terribly quiet .
tr	PAST	Gruber exited the freeway and stopped at a gas station to wash his hands .
tr	PRES	He stops with less than an inch to spare between us .
tr	PAST	Brushing the hair out of his face , he squinted and then reached out to find the warm body of - The space beside him was empty .
tr	PAST	Her mind nearly exploded with scent and taste and sensation rocketing through their merged senses , their merged brains .
tr	PRES	She begins combing it out with a surprisingly light touch , given how clumsy and awkward she is .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me now , bitch .
tr	PAST	Mary uttered the moment she was outside .
tr	PAST	" Found him under a wagon , " the redhead reported .
tr	PRES	In every romance , one person loves the other more .
tr	PRES	He snorts derisively : " in a test tube !
tr	PRES	Not a queen who , with her king , legend tells begins a dynasty .
tr	PRES	The shattering glass slows her down long enough for me to pop open my backpack .
tr	PRES	" I might as well tell you , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	I smashed his face with the back of my hand .
tr	PRES	And like then , he stops abruptly .
tr	PAST	An inky shadow glided over the road and followed the trail Blake has walked into the woods .
tr	PRES	" The United Nations !
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to talk about it , " I snap .
tr	PRES	" Next Saturday ? "
tr	PRES	she mutters to herself in puzzlement .
tr	PRES	As a result , my heart thumps so loudly that I 'm afraid my mouthpiece will pick it up and give me away .
tr	PAST	Once the hostess heard Donnie 's request for a bottle of wine , she ambled away .
tr	PRES	They wove through the piles of wicker baskets and around a large wooden butter churn and emerged into the late afternoon sun .
tr	PAST	' This meeting is over , ' she stated flatly .
tr	PAST	Those icky worms crawled all over you .
tr	PRES	That changes today . "
tr	PAST	Jason 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	Lips clinging , he tastes salty and bittersweet from my weeping .
tr	PRES	She turned slowly , her eyes instantly latching onto the sleek black Challenger that moved slowly past .
tr	PRES	The rattler 's angry tattoo eases , relaxes , and finally drifts off into silence .
tr	PRES	This family owes her a debt of gratitude for all she 's done to keep us alive .
tr	PAST	He abandoned his attempts at stimulating his ears ; silence was a better alternative than the monotonous beating .
tr	PAST	His fingers threaded through mine .
tr	PRES	The triangle of lace between her legs matches her bra .
tr	PRES	Though I know it 's ridiculous , know I 'm completely safe , ice skates down my spine anyway .
tr	PRES	" Because ... I don 't want to talk about it , " she mumbled , looking away .
tr	PRES	" Hot , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Full moon , " she breathes the words as we progress towards the woods .
tr	PRES	Skyla glances below my waist with promising immoral implications .
tr	PAST	And then she violated tradition by marrying your father !
tr	PRES	Invisible lashes whip her inside .
tr	PAST	Nick tensed , his nostrils flared , and his jaw clenched , " What .
tr	PAST	My phone vibrated again .
tr	PRES	" The training brings us back to Elan .
tr	PRES	Ice slides into his words as he closes the distance .
tr	PRES	Bobby glances at his dad .
tr	PRES	" It helps to know I 'm not the only person feeling anxious . "
tr	PRES	" The university . "
tr	PRES	Isaac presents Zion with a whip , long and black as a serpent , the end trailing to the floor .
tr	PAST	The windows and skylight glowed , but the light seemed to come from everywhere , blue and cold .
tr	PRES	" He wishes I were more like Rafe .
tr	PRES	" When he was talking about Emerson . "
tr	PAST	His heart leaped in his chest .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , a dark , possessive sound .
tr	PAST	Charles inhaled from the side street .
tr	PAST	The head usher eyed the screen in a bewildered way .
tr	PRES	His sickness consumes him , just as it will consume you ... and me if I allow you to come closer ! "
tr	PRES	She even sees a severed hand crawling around .
tr	PAST	Of the three matrons , she bore the sweetest disposition ; one that matched her delicate , angelic face and tiny frame .
tr	PRES	" He misses Hazel . "
tr	PRES	A few voices echo from farther down the hall .
tr	PRES	" He owes Titian for Titian .
tr	PRES	" Just go for it , " she whispers in my ear , tickling her finger up and down the back of my neck .
tr	PAST	I ditch through the crowd before I ever get a chance to ask Skyla who the hell that Wes lookalike was .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone with tears , but Teagan watched her mother solemnly as she held out her hand .
tr	PRES	" Of course , I forgive you .
tr	PAST	Canvas flapped , then filled ; the immense square sails snapped taut in the wind .
tr	PRES	Julian holds his fork upright like a pitchfork .
tr	PAST	The smell of singed flesh mingled with burnt cotton .
tr	PAST	Sarah dared not wander too close to the docks in fear of being accosted again , so she viewed the activity from the hillside .
tr	PRES	But he stands wordless , watching me .
tr	PRES	My bladder likes this line of thought ; it likes it a lot .
tr	PAST	A large truck with a massive silver grille squealed to a sudden stop .
tr	PAST	As I crawled , I pinched the wire underneath my scarf .
tr	PAST	Kylie sensed Lucas had never felt any affection from his father .
tr	PRES	She likes to giggle around me and asks many questions , but despite her nature is quite sickly .
tr	PAST	The dark crack along the outcropping split wider .
tr	PRES	" Yes , about the baby , " he whispers baby until it 's almost inaudible .
tr	PAST	Callie clutched the closest desk to steady herself , as she took a few deep breaths .
tr	PAST	A shudder of awareness shimmied over her .
tr	PAST	Ashe eyed the syringe with distrust .
tr	PRES	Too much ... " Her voice fades and she stabs at a piece of dried cranberry .
tr	PRES	JT disappears into the back of the store .
tr	PAST	I perked up at this .
tr	PAST	Dominic seized the heart before the undead knew what was happening .
tr	PAST	I trusted Bry , but he stretched my patience with the whole tree business .
tr	PRES	Who the hell talks like that ?
tr	PAST	the woman screeched and stomped back over to where she had dropped the gnome .
tr	PRES	Surely , nothing I have done or could possibly do deserves the punishment of being made Emperor . "
tr	PAST	' I obtained the journal , as you asked . '
tr	PAST	She faked a shiver .
tr	PRES	" I 'll get right on that , " I mumbled as she walked away .
tr	PRES	He just freaked out .
tr	PRES	Uncle Henry uses business as his escape , and he takes the carriage to Boston nearly every morning .
tr	PAST	But she invented another revenge up against Laurence .
tr	PAST	When your ancestor created this unique way of passing down information , he also protected any mind that carries it .
tr	PAST	Got the birth certificate to prove it . "
tr	PAST	It pitched forward , increasing in speed .
tr	PAST	I just trudged all the way toward my house , unconcerned with avoiding detection .
tr	PRES	Arista stops swimming , turning to stare .
tr	PAST	And there before him was Benjamin Drew , lying on his back , a smashed old bicycle beside him .
tr	PAST	He instructed him to sit down .
tr	PAST	Then he tipped Felix 's head back until he was facing the sky .
tr	PRES	Low whispers , as if they had something to hide from him .
tr	PAST	She screwed her face up at him .
tr	PAST	Holly giggled and said sarcastically , " Oh no !
tr	PRES	' Some sort of International Rescue ? '
tr	PRES	He holds Tommy 's black mare , and in comparison to Corr , she looks fragile in his hands .
tr	PRES	My Cadogan medal was my only accessory , and I left my hair down , my bangs a dark fringe across my forehead .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're not the only one sent away to be educated . "
tr	PRES	Frankly , the shorter version helps save a lot of time . "
tr	PAST	During their conversation Strang fiddled with the plastic band around his wrist .
tr	PAST	She blinked up at him , her big blue eyes softer now , more aroused than worried .
tr	PAST	The barbarian horde collectively slowed for a split second as they beheld the living atrocities in greater detail .
tr	PRES	" Of course , sweetie .
tr	PRES	Look at the way she carries herself !
tr	PRES	He likes having someone from that part of his life .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	I salute your hope .
tr	PRES	Relax , you fool , relax .
tr	PAST	But my concentration waned .
tr	PRES	" About ten miles due north of the Hoh Forest ranger station .
tr	PAST	Boy 412 retreated to the fireside , a little scared but fascinated too .
tr	PRES	No one passes judgment on her but me . "
tr	PRES	When Aria joined in , it healed them .
tr	PAST	My ears pricked as I took in the sounds of their changes .
tr	PAST	I fled my family and came here .
tr	PAST	Ham grunted , handing over a bulging sack .
tr	PAST	The man pondered that for a moment , reluctantly , but seemingly honestly .
tr	PAST	Amelia piled up the blankets into a soft throne just behind the wagon seat .
tr	PRES	He points a finger at Violet and me .
tr	PAST	He shrank back as if the wall might give way into the thin air it appeared to be .
tr	PAST	I crouched and scratched them each behind an ear .
tr	PRES	" In this blessed plot , this earth , this realm . "
tr	PRES	I fel to my knees and raised my hand to her cheek .
tr	PRES	" But admit it , Aston .
tr	PRES	One of the librarian ladies bangs the gavel again .
tr	PRES	The doctor begins shuffling around the room gathering tools and cloth and that dreaded saw readied to be used .
tr	PRES	Then he stops and takes a long deep breath .
tr	PRES	With her blond hair slicked back into a ponytail at the nape of her neck , Mom pops her head in with a glowing smile .
tr	PAST	He regarded the world beneath him .
tr	PAST	She anticipated the rush that came with their verbal sparring .
tr	PAST	" Um , excuse me , " the secretary piped in .
tr	PAST	Her breath froze in her lungs ; her heart fluttered like a trapped bird as it beat against her ribcage .
tr	PAST	His fingertips floated toward her cheek .
tr	PRES	" No need to yell at me Doctor , I have excellent hearing , " Warrior states proudly .
tr	PRES	" It 's happening , Holly , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	I crumpled up the piece of paper I 'd been using to sketch a design and hurled it across my too small bedroom .
tr	PAST	He obviously blamed her for Jace 's death .
tr	PAST	Before she left , Patrick groped her boob , and she elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PAST	The folk about him mumbled their agreement , shouting their objections to the upstart boys before them .
tr	PAST	I hooked my arm in his elbow .
tr	PAST	He slumped over , too , knocked out cold , and Riley let go of his arms , his face pinched tight in anger .
tr	PRES	That she might become something glittering , something startling , something dangerous .
tr	PAST	He wagged his tail and whined .
tr	PAST	That horrified look on Josie 's face ?
tr	PRES	Viktor clutches his hands over the wound and the bloody knife tumbles into the snow .
tr	PAST	Nick silently absorbed the enormity of what Gio was saying , even as his brother continued to explain .
tr	PRES	So , Tobias Eaton : what are your deepest regrets ? "
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	The waitress stops over and Eli orders another drink while Cooper orders one for him and me .
tr	PAST	" I never trusted him .
tr	PAST	Douglas motioned for Margo to go first but she refused to go anywhere .
tr	PRES	It changes our eyes , our ears , our brains , our nerves , our blood .
tr	PAST	I limped to the door .
tr	PRES	Her lips part and she draws in a surprised little gasp of air .
tr	PRES	" With Bryce ? "
tr	PAST	Tony 's comment revealed just how much his nerves were wearing on him .
tr	PAST	Sooner or later , just about everyone split up .
tr	PAST	Like the glow from a hot iron on the hunter 's forge , the depths of the crater glowed a bright red-orange .
tr	PAST	Without any delay , they passed through the palisade 's port gate then proceeded directly for the church .
tr	PAST	Nixon slapped me on the back .
tr	PRES	I was so ecstatic I could barely breathe , my empty stomach a working butter churn .
tr	PRES	Discovering he has a girlfriend , Charlene tries to appear sophisticated and makes up a nonexistent boyfriend .
tr	PRES	" What of you , Lizzy .
tr	PRES	' What a peculiar notion . '
tr	PAST	She collected eggs from the henhouse and skimmed the cream off the milk that Daniel had gotten from the family cow the previous evening .
tr	PAST	She froze her hand on the latch as a wave of anger went through her .
tr	PRES	My glory remains for me to take up again . "
tr	PRES	Uncertain , at first , his stubby pointer finger reflexively folds into his fist .
tr	PRES	The bridge allows us to leave space-time and re-enter at another point . "
tr	PAST	" She 's already exhibiting the abilities , " Gregor stated , looking at him closely .
tr	PAST	But a cutie that could tear a head off with her bare hands based on the size of her .
tr	PAST	The kings ' demeanour lightened a little .
tr	PAST	I slowed my paddling .
tr	PAST	The butcher attempted to give chase , unfortunately the design of the shop meant leaping a counter to leave .
tr	PAST	Tony and Matt weaved their motorcycles back and forth across the quiet street , giving us a ride .
tr	PAST	But Dundee 's Norman Rockwell charm appealed to Ken .
tr	PAST	She tipped her adorable face up to his .
tr	PAST	He inhaled with a rattling wheeze .
tr	PRES	Then she stalked over to a fallen tree .
tr	PAST	" Thanks , man ... " He slapped Hank 's arm , steeling his emotions .
tr	PAST	" Check in there first , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	Even Wraith lingered over to assess Caden 's proposed plan , his reflective eyes watching intently .
tr	PRES	several people shout out .
tr	PRES	' Yeah man , but she 's not sure because they haven 't really said it officially to her .
tr	PRES	She loves it when I come to visit .
tr	PAST	A tingle of fear tickled his spine just from looking at her .
tr	PRES	" When you have a life to get back to ... " " Me ? "
tr	PAST	I slowed the car down and reached down to the floorboard .
tr	PRES	His thumb strokes my knuckles and he is speaking more to himself than to me .
tr	PAST	The moon shone brightly down upon them , and glistened against the beer bottles that were scattered on the ground .
tr	PAST	Olivia eyed Alexander as she tasted the delicious wine .
tr	PRES	Skyla gazes into the vial and loses herself in the necrotic color , black as midnight with the hint of a crimson hue .
tr	PAST	She zigzagged to make her path irregular so they 'd have a harder time hitting their mark .
tr	PRES	He sees me every day . "
tr	PAST	When he rose , his face reflected a battle-scarred weariness .
tr	PAST	" She lied through her teeth , Brand .
tr	PRES	Jeff loves what he does , but he loves me and the kids , too .
tr	PRES	I assume it 's a live feed ? "
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm selfish . "
tr	PRES	He likes being in control . "
tr	PRES	" Now mingle , girls !
tr	PRES	Catered deli meats , cheeses , and pastries filled the counters on all sides of them .
tr	PRES	" He blames her ? "
tr	PRES	He deserves to die .
tr	PRES	Now , " Alice says in a flat voice so deadly , everyone freezes .
tr	PAST	He named me Spencer Churchill Winston in a peculiar fit of patriotic humor .
tr	PAST	( Interstitial coding utilized the fact that even dense music had periods of silence , or interstices , lasting microseconds .
tr	PAST	' You 'd better go back to the tower , Pol , ' mother advised .
tr	PAST	I was so surprised by this , I froze at his touch .
tr	PRES	I add my container that carries the medicines for my diabetes into my bag .
tr	PRES	A leather sack ? '
tr	PAST	No one who knew the truth ever blamed her .
tr	PAST	" You can 't be serious , " Sheila stated .
tr	PAST	After the sun had finally managed to break through the cloud cover , nothing but good weather prevailed for the next few days .
tr	PRES	Angling my neck back , Helena tries to jerk away , but he only constricts his grip .
tr	PAST	Seth unscrewed the lid of a small jar .
tr	PAST	He followed my gaze , his expression puzzled .
tr	PAST	Slipping off her heels , she wriggled her toes inside her nylons .
tr	PAST	James plunged in and out of her .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Andre .
tr	PRES	" They underestimate us . "
tr	PAST	They thanked me for my interest and encouraged me to graduate from my current school .
tr	PRES	He eases down next to me on the bed and exhales heavily .
tr	PAST	Imagine : that guy talked back to me just like that , Arnie reflected .
tr	PAST	He received a MacArthur Genius Grant . "
tr	PRES	We abandon our job and I 'm wondering if it 's possible to get in trouble by doing so .
tr	PAST	They measured the corridor and the length of the cliff .
tr	PAST	After a minute , Nick hooked the rifle out from under Buzzard and lobbed it into the water .
tr	PRES	My sincerest apologies . "
tr	PRES	" I haven 't slept , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	If you approve of her ... fine .
tr	PRES	By 2015 achieve a significant improvement in the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , wiping his wrist across his bloodied mouth .
tr	PRES	And because he 's beautiful and cocky and confident , everyone loves him .
tr	PRES	After a moment , he glances back at me and startles .
tr	PAST	Concrete pillars reached high into rock and steel struts supported floors and equipment .
tr	PAST	Man and demon melded with a common goal .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches for my waist , releasing a fastener .
tr	PRES	My hand cups her cheek and slides through her hair .
tr	PRES	She revved the bike and pulled out of the gas station , opening up the engine once she got out of town to make it throb .
tr	PRES	It stretches out like a long , silvery ribbon and I turn to Dante .
tr	PAST	Waiters froze in place , trays in hand .
tr	PAST	Verity stripped off her parka , shuddering as the rain hit her head and shoulders .
tr	PAST	I preferred my father 's car .
tr	PAST	Something rumbled out on the road .
tr	PAST	Kerin 's teasing subsided .
tr	PAST	' Ari ... ' His teeth automatically gritted .
tr	PAST	As he sat on the floor dazed , she fled .
tr	PAST	After Pia took the errant veil from the driver and thanked him quickly , she and Hawk hopped back into his car .
tr	PRES	" Why spare any of us ? "
tr	PRES	" Well ... describe your physical reactions . "
tr	PRES	He sighs , but doesn 't press .
tr	PAST	Neither pretended that touch hadn 't happened .
tr	PAST	My uncle , on the other hand , constantly lectured and demanded I do more and better .
tr	PAST	He inwardly cringed , but kept his expression blank .
tr	PAST	Even if they got into trouble , the highs she experienced with him were worth any lows .
tr	PRES	Her voice still gravelly with sleep .
tr	PAST	It stung her eyes more , and made her skin feel tight and itchy .
tr	PAST	" You 're not taking enough , " Bex countered .
tr	PAST	Susie scoffed at the simplicity of Becky 's mind before sitting up straight at the turn of Mrs. Tyson 's head .
tr	PAST	He twirled me once , twice , three times , until I collapsed against his chest in laughter .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and touches my face gently with the back of his hand .
tr	PAST	I lay awake curled in my blankets , heart racing in my chest , lungs balled up into a tight curl of tension in my throat .
tr	PAST	Auron cleaned his sword with the end of his cloak and escaped out of the window .
tr	PAST	Lynette attended the club on occasion and kept the other undead bullies from harassing them .
tr	PRES	Proper decorum at all times , " she teased softly .
tr	PRES	Turning , I appraised the guards .
tr	PAST	The intervenors against Andrew 's petition appealed to the World Court .
tr	PRES	" Rich Manning . "
tr	PAST	I froze , the strange man that grinned at me down the street passed through my head .
tr	PRES	He stands before me , holding up another finger to my lips .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse , unfamiliar to his own ears .
tr	PRES	" Like maybe some sandwiches ? "
tr	PRES	You march in parades too . "
tr	PRES	" Then when Tim heard you come through the door , he freaked and ran . "
tr	PRES	I flinch because she just threw herself out there to a person who 's hollow and cracked .
tr	PAST	They trudged into the town , which was virtually deserted due to the bombing .
tr	PAST	She preferred to smile , a thing that infuriated me .
tr	PRES	" Superb , " Monique beamed .
tr	PRES	" Keep back , you barbarian dog !
tr	PRES	Slap She squeaks and jumps out of bed , out of my reach .
tr	PRES	she whispers , then looks to her chancellor .
tr	PAST	Her ears perked up .
tr	PAST	' The rules are simple , ' she announced , ' if you are touched by whoever is ' it ' you must stop .
tr	PRES	This ebook remains the property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied , and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	He mumbled , " Grandma was a soldier ? "
tr	PAST	It served me well now , enabling me to keep an eye on the action through the open door behind me .
tr	PAST	Jeremy sought out the one man he knew could help him and breezed by the secretary who would normally have stopped him .
tr	PRES	One of the walkers approaching us lets out a moan and we all snap back to reality , the threat of our situation sinking back in .
tr	PAST	Marian swiped the bottle out of her hand .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her cleaning smock into her caddy .
tr	PRES	Then I chuckle when she sticks out her tongue and I have to bite on my own because the movement draws all my attention to her mouth .
tr	PRES	What bothers me is that I can 't see the DEA blowing up the boat .
tr	PRES	A second later the door opens , flooding me with uncomfortable light as James gets in .
tr	PRES	He flung his arms out wildly and pointed at the body .
tr	PRES	He glances down to the ground , and when he looks back up his eyes are different .
tr	PAST	He acted surprised that she 'd offered .
tr	PRES	She loves the seaside there -- all that water after being out of water for so long .
tr	PRES	The wind carries it to us , high and thin and ragged , and it is impossible to say whether it is human or animal .
tr	PAST	After showing her my investigator 's license , I produced the contact lenses and asked if she 'd made them for Letitia .
tr	PAST	That bothered me more than it probably should have .
tr	PRES	I lean back against the wall and try to think .
tr	PRES	" Quit flirting with my girlfriend . "
tr	PRES	It always points due north . "
tr	PRES	He pinches my side and I elbow him in the gut .
tr	PAST	" We got enough , " I lied , not wanting him to worry .
tr	PRES	Flowers , cake , candles , presents the whole bit . "
tr	PRES	" She hates anyone associated with the factory . "
tr	PRES	Doug sighs and nods agreement .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head warily .
tr	PRES	" I apologise , Mister Clarence , but I did not realise how powerful your demon had already become . "
tr	PAST	As they stood up , Kiara attempted to entice them to stay a while longer .
tr	PRES	Devlin flipped his arm in the air , " Ah , you knew I was coming , you creep .
tr	PAST	I collapsed over the threshold , gasping in the beautiful clean air that rushed over me .
tr	PRES	He slides slowly off me and off the bed .
tr	PRES	Storm 's head falls back as she howls with laughter .
tr	PAST	He grunted as my elbow slammed into his ribs .
tr	PRES	It helps if the person you 're blaming is in the minority and during the Middle Ages the wealthy were definitely in the minority . "
tr	PAST	She adjusted her seat belt .
tr	PAST	He just treated me like a friend , who he had a lot in common with .
tr	PRES	My mother glances at me , then at Olivia and Rachel , then to my grandmother and father and then finally back to my uncle .
tr	PRES	She holds up a syringe and pushes out some moisture from its needle .
tr	PRES	Afternoon deliveries usually arrive from two to four in the afternoon .
tr	PAST	Stark , white piles of paper created a perfectly ordered checkerboard atop the dark wood .
tr	PAST	A smile of relish flashed , straight white teeth revealed .
tr	PAST	In turn , Martinez obtained a snitch inside one of the major Caribbean drug trafficking cartels .
tr	PRES	As he watches Nikes and loafers glide past , he tries to fathom the feet of centuries ago .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the steering wheel to gain some composure before freak out tears flood from my eyeballs .
tr	PAST	She tugged at my sleeve to turn me around .
tr	PAST	Will regarded me blandly and pretended to yawn .
tr	PRES	" Jeremy Marsh ? "
tr	PAST	Under cover of the blackness he fled the prison of his agonies .
tr	PRES	The sight of it shocks me .
tr	PRES	" Jennie Mudd . "
tr	PRES	" I confess to some confusion as to why two Air Knights should be passing through my halls .
tr	PAST	Every taut muscle in my body released , and anger served as an outlet for the adrenaline .
tr	PAST	As she passed the rectory , Father Mulligan emerged , dressed in sweats , without his glasses perched on his nose .
tr	PRES	Eve reclaimed the towel she 'd thrown .
tr	PRES	Science has , quite literally , solved the age-old conundrum : How can a conscious thought -- a completely ethereal thing -- cause a physical action ?
tr	PRES	Now the brunette , whom I notice is at least a decade younger than Mom , opens up a briefcase and hands Clay a manila folder .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to inflict a second blow to the same region when he felt his legs being swept out from underneath him .
tr	PRES	" And Keita . "
tr	PRES	The tunnel opens out onto a plateau .
tr	PRES	Sam whispers as he drops the map .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed for a split second showing emotion , but left me wondering if it was just the trick of his regular demeanor .
tr	PAST	Somehow it conjured images of dark nights and steamy passion .
tr	PAST	Once settled , he motioned for her to sit next to him .
tr	PAST	They chased each other and the waves for a long while , enjoying the water on their ankles and knees .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed in excitement .
tr	PRES	Her bright eyes flare with anger , such a rare sight .
tr	PAST	I shuffled to the centre of the stage and saw a few people pointing at me out of the corner of my eye .
tr	PRES	She remembered that cool detachment from their youth , the icy ruthlessness that had lured women and reckless gamblers alike .
tr	PAST	I soaked the sunrise in .
tr	PRES	I recall the explanation from the nurse .
tr	PRES	The stress of The Program or running no longer cracks the surface of my psyche .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't mean to be secretive , Tab , " he begins .
tr	PRES	" Not about the afterlife .
tr	PRES	Now off ye all go and find yer treasure . "
tr	PAST	This just proved that Jacques was as into seeing his own reflection as Emma claims I am , though she is mistaken .
tr	PRES	A woman in the water , frantically diving down , grabbing at the boy 's body .
tr	PRES	Madame pinches some of the dress fabric , loose at the waist , though she 's taken it in once before .
tr	PAST	Miranda stated for the fifteenth time in a row to Joan .
tr	PRES	He sighs and turns the volume of the movie down .
tr	PAST	The quick glance he gave Paige silently advised her to do the same .
tr	PAST	A lithe Youngman in powdered wig and blazing orange coat leaped to the top of a table .
tr	PRES	" How ken I help ? "
tr	PRES	Because Bubba was going to smell like some strange amalgam of motor oil , burning rubber , and hops .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his wallet and a credit card without even looking at it .
tr	PAST	" This is an official meeting , please use proper language , " the county clerk stated .
tr	PAST	I trusted my employer 's quick change - go away , come along - even less than I trusted myself .
tr	PRES	When she hurts it brings me to my knees .
tr	PAST	The clockmaker rummaged around and took something off of a table .
tr	PRES	The moment I walk into the building , Abby joins my side .
tr	PAST	He flattened himself against a stone wall .
tr	PRES	She exchanges a smile , then stretches her arms along her sides and stares at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	And felt something inside him snap .
tr	PRES	He deserves to hurt .
tr	PRES	He freezes with one foot on the ground on one foot off and turns his head .
tr	PAST	She yawned then meowed and rolled over on her side .
tr	PRES	" That we do , lass .
tr	PAST	The sudden thought intruded on his mind like a shout , startling him alert .
tr	PAST	" Stand and sing , " urged the worship leader , bursting into praise accompanied in varying tempos by the congregation .
tr	PRES	She clearly loves her husband , and I can sense that this is not a show .
tr	PAST	" They 're both weird , " Brianna volunteered , wrinkling her nose .
tr	PAST	The Crimson Saint then circled around them and screamed , " With our blades held high , we make our stand ! "
tr	PRES	Stomping on the gas , she wove through traffic , trying to put as much distance between herself and her imagined tail as possible .
tr	PRES	He releases my ankle .
tr	PRES	She jogged over , sneakers squeaking , and hugged me .
tr	PRES	She never disappears until someone actually needs something . "
tr	PRES	" That oily ... He 's no more suicidal than Kyle Browning .
tr	PRES	First Valerie falls in love and now you .
tr	PAST	No more than two earrings studded into her ear and nothing pierced through her nose except a single small stud .
tr	PRES	The ice remains firmly planted in my back , stacked neatly between my vertebrae .
tr	PAST	The car slowed down a little bit but didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	Maybe someone bribed you .
tr	PAST	She bounced against his back as he ran .
tr	PRES	Ladies , please step aside and take seats over there . "
tr	PRES	" Fairy tales teach determination , perseverance and sacrifice .
tr	PRES	" So he really forgave us ? "
tr	PRES	They do not eat , but instead subsist on the strength of the lives they harvest .
tr	PAST	" Here it is , " he extended a tiny piece of spangled fabric to her and she accepted it .
tr	PRES	Eyes wide with concern , I glanced up at Caden to see him staring straight ahead now , his face expressionless .
tr	PAST	He never acted like I was a little kid who couldn 't understand that it was staged .
tr	PRES	The animal skinned cloak that he wore now kept him warm , but he didn 't usually carry that with him .
tr	PAST	This required more investigation than he was capable of .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and grips his face until the flesh rips right off in a slow viscous pull .
tr	PRES	Artemis bitch slap you ? "
tr	PRES	I gape at her .
tr	PRES	" Chocolate was going to be involved , " he teased .
tr	PRES	A few days before my grand entrance into adulthood , I arrive home from school irritated and disgruntled .
tr	PAST	The human uttered a sharp cry as she hit the wall and slumped to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Any sign of blood poisoning ? "
tr	PAST	No trucks or security vehicles buzzed back and forth on the tarmac .
tr	PRES	Their crew tries to take over anyway .
tr	PAST	You cost us a great deal of money when you blocked our mine up north .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Lauren . "
tr	PAST	Heisenberg adjusted his glasses with one hand while the other played over a keypad on the wall .
tr	PRES	" A ruse . "
tr	PAST	I skipped away as Ry reached out to stop me .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	" And she dared the rest of them to come and fight her .
tr	PRES	The door opens and I peer over the dashboard .
tr	PRES	A risky move , given that it was pitch black outside and light inside .
tr	PAST	" You are welcome , Mr. Gay , " he announced .
tr	PRES	Jack pops another fry in his mouth .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands , as if offering a truce .
tr	PAST	He blamed himself for accidentally alerting the clinic during his attempt to hack the last firewall , and for exposing Lisa .
tr	PRES	" Sure , " I mumbled to myself .
tr	PAST	Mitchell stormed into the house .
tr	PRES	" He ... he loves you . "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	They mindlessly cheered for mayhem and maniacally shook the caged fences of the arena .
tr	PAST	His glowing eyes revealed the hunger of a predator .
tr	PRES	And the reason why we must make sure you are strong and able to harness the Source lies beyond this mirror . "
tr	PRES	Can you retrieve some of the enhanced units , so we can examine their capabilities ? "
tr	PAST	She dismissed , " Beyond my control , you know ? "
tr	PAST	I regained consciousness as my bare feet hit stone .
tr	PAST	She clutched her own arms , as if suddenly cold .
tr	PRES	" But it winds around , so it will take twice as long as a straight hike . "
tr	PAST	She proceeded to unknowingly hit him on the side of the face and neck .
tr	PRES	" We reserve the right to test any member of The Firm for drug use . "
tr	PAST	He tipped his head toward me .
tr	PAST	Harvey likewise restrained himself , and didn 't make a retort , although he wanted to .
tr	PAST	Viktor scampered up and found his back pressed against mossy bark .
tr	PRES	" The C stands for ? "
tr	PAST	The word exploded from Ransom 's lips as he returned the glare .
tr	PAST	The inertia of the wave 's arc stripped stone from the roads , water from the collapsed canals .
tr	PRES	Part of me wishes I could stay just like this .
tr	PRES	" We ' ll talk about this later .
tr	PAST	A quick scan of her surroundings revealed that he wasn 't nearby .
tr	PRES	I fold my hands on my lap and sit there stiffly .
tr	PAST	I phoned Chet to let him know I was coming .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later he slowed his approach , diving through more rock , centering his path on the image of his mother .
tr	PAST	She suckled for a moment but then spat it out and cried again .
tr	PAST	Em , will you be okay ? '
tr	PRES	" And away from Abel ? "
tr	PAST	Dante 's uncle blamed himself and committed suicide .
tr	PRES	Reds , oranges , and yellows streak the evening sky .
tr	PRES	A hush falls over the carriage and I just act .
tr	PAST	26 July 1843 Same behaviour today .
tr	PRES	This place belongs to Matt and I 'm the boss until he gets back !
tr	PRES	" How awful . "
tr	PRES	I snuck around to the outside staircase at the back of the building .
tr	PRES	' OK , OK .
tr	PAST	For a moment , that smile floated me back to a time when things were different .
tr	PAST	" A servant reported that supplies were missing .
tr	PRES	She points her finger .
tr	PAST	Joshua and Mister froze in their tracks and waited for the cat to get closer .
tr	PAST	His raised hand anticipated her thought .
tr	PRES	He dropped to his knees , his mouth gaping wide .
tr	PAST	A bottle of bourbon smashed on the ground .
tr	PRES	I fold the paper up and put it back in my bag , then focus my attention on the lone runner .
tr	PRES	He offers his hand and pulls me to my feet .
tr	PRES	" What rendezvous point ? "
tr	PAST	Guilt tugged at her for bringing him into her problems .
tr	PAST	A bread roll bounced past him .
tr	PAST	The swarm vibrated with a deep thrumming sound .
tr	PAST	But still , you handled yourself wonderfully .
tr	PRES	The official report states that her brother made the report out , but the young officer has confirmed to us that it was Driscoll .
tr	PAST	The man eyed the bumper sticker .
tr	PAST	Feingold and Charney appealed again .
tr	PRES	This is boring , " Madison whispers to me .
tr	PRES	It also begs the question that Jackson said that when he arrived , there were two thugs and Baumann standing over the sack containing Banks ' body .
tr	PRES	" The tumbler uses a bitcoin . "
tr	PAST	Fila shrieked and hauled back on Ned .
tr	PAST	Tiny blue veins webbed the sunken flesh at her temples .
tr	PRES	" A taxi ! "
tr	PRES	Catherine helps me over .
tr	PRES	Moments later , he drew back , his breathing ragged .
tr	PRES	In order for the soil to rejuvenate and heal us , we absorb necessary minerals through our skin .
tr	PRES	His sister sees something that catches her attention .
tr	PRES	Everybody wears bird masks and capes .
tr	PAST	While flying , Oliver acted as a tour guide , showing her various points of interest .
tr	PRES	" Not really , so long as it tastes good . "
tr	PAST	The boat slowed , and the port of Hamilton rose into view .
tr	PRES	She reaches for the silver jewelry box on her vanity .
tr	PRES	At least , if you want anybody to understand you .
tr	PRES	; ' Name the day .
tr	PRES	" You HAVE to check prototypes in the field , Tyler -- both vehicles and genetic creations .
tr	PAST	# # # It is here that Jennifer lives .
tr	PRES	He considers pointing out that they aren 't tourists , but there 's no point really .
tr	PAST	" We mourned his absence but were glad to hear he found a coaching position . "
tr	PRES	I shout and Shark crouches , cups his hands together , holds them out for me to step into .
tr	PAST	Neither his gaze nor his voice faltered the slightest bit as he told her , " I came to see you , Caroline .
tr	PAST	" Trent , I handled it .
tr	PAST	I chuckle a little to try to break the mood but I don 't even get a proper smile from him .
tr	PAST	Once it got past the bend in the lane and kept heading straight for me , I panicked . "
tr	PRES	" You don 't need to be afraid , Diana , " he calmly states as he sees the panicked look on her face .
tr	PRES	He brings it forward and begins sharpening it on a small grinding sponge .
tr	PAST	They motioned for Dad to come in .
tr	PRES	The lights on the bridge spiked the infrared signal instantly .
tr	PAST	" I like you all tied up , " Alexander joked , kissing Olivia fully on the mouth .
tr	PAST	I trusted Mr. Stone but now I had papers with his signature on them .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth again and willed him to get on with it .
tr	PAST	Cassandra thanked her as Phoebe placed the bundle of clothes on the bed at her feet .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she caved , giving him what he wanted .
tr	PRES	" What about Professor Barclay ? "
tr	PRES	Losing two thirds of one 's family tends to make one a bit paranoid , distrustful and more careful than usual .
tr	PAST	It 's beautiful , ' I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" All of you pledge your allegiance to me and we will keep our end of this . "
tr	PRES	" Whenever anyone experienced tough times , my grandmother had a saying that , ' the birds always sing after the rain . '
tr	PRES	" Not boyish at all . "
tr	PRES	His eyes roam over me from head to toe as he rolls the bar of soap in his hands .
tr	PRES	As I am placing the envelope back into my pocket , one of the tents opens .
tr	PRES	But only the guilty .
tr	PAST	Steven and her operated apart from clocks and watches and had started to rely on Mathew to know the time .
tr	PRES	Family tends to stick . '
tr	PAST	The toad hopped just behind him .
tr	PRES	Beneath this canopy of incandescence the dark buildings swim upwards like black flames .
tr	PAST	Ashley 's breath exploded from her mouth , crystalline white puffs of air that barely escaped her pale lips before the wind whipped them away .
tr	PRES	She stood when the lights went on , her hands clammy just thinking about what the man and woman did together .
tr	PRES	She mutters under her breath .
tr	PAST	He palmed her breasts and stroked his thumbs over her extended points .
tr	PAST	Bored , Belle hopped off the desk she was sitting on .
tr	PAST	He abandoned his flashlight , freeing one hand .
tr	PAST	He stormed inside , and was annoyed to find that the guards had allowed someone inside .
tr	PRES	Her hair falls over her shoulders in a gold waterfall as she offers a sweet smile in my direction .
tr	PAST	His answers revealed ... ' She heaved a deep sigh . '
tr	PAST	Ray advised as he dismounted .
tr	PAST	Momma Oaks accompanied me to the gate , and as she 'd promised , Edmund arrived soon after with a light metal rod .
tr	PRES	" How fast we are mounting ! "
tr	PAST	I tugged the rubber band off the end of my braid and started unraveling the strands .
tr	PRES	Grabbing Paulo 's jacket , Marco hauled the boy toward the light .
tr	PRES	She remembers his complaint to the confirmation class after the church board failed to listen .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed , just like those of an eight-year-old boy , trying to draw in all of the sights at once .
tr	PRES	" The war proceeds apace .
tr	PAST	I crouched behind the cab of the abandoned 18-wheeler and pulled my collar flat against my neck .
tr	PAST	Dylan slowed his pace and reined in his thoughts .
tr	PAST	It cocked its head to the side as if it listened to them .
tr	PRES	It only carries food . "
tr	PRES	The wind throws my words behind me and though Jonathan replies , I can 't hear him .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , because that 's the way the world works , " Dylan snaps , swinging the gun around while he turns in a circle .
tr	PAST	They finally emerged on the second floor and headed toward the back of the building .
tr	PAST	I swiped at the beads of sweat and peeked out to see the tide of students .
tr	PRES	He screwed anything in a skirt . "
tr	PRES	" I was young and stupid , Maxim .
tr	PRES	Grinning , she holds up the paintbrush with two fingers .
tr	PRES	Push hard but not too hard .
tr	PAST	" Ms. Kim , are you okay ? "
tr	PAST	Women flocked to him and he cultivated his libidinous reputation with relish .
tr	PRES	" Five bucks . "
tr	PAST	Relief and happiness overpower me , knowing that she 'll be okay .
tr	PAST	Instead , the room glowed with soft faerie lights , smaller and softer versions of the orb Alice always made for us .
tr	PAST	" Banged my elbow , " she lied , and looked over at the others .
tr	PRES	Father tends to sleep late , so I go down to the Tree and spend that part of the day with mother .
tr	PAST	Let him be merry and carefree till then , he prayed to those spirits which he felt brooding nearby .
tr	PRES	her father states with concern .
tr	PAST	" We have time for a short talk before bed , " he announced as if he belonged there .
tr	PAST	" It 's not a charade , however , " Hawk countered .
tr	PRES	His hand gently strokes mine .
tr	PAST	Spencer stomped down the hall , making as much noise as she could so that Amelia would know she was coming .
tr	PAST	He clinched his fist against his abdomen .
tr	PRES	The deck plates buzz .
tr	PRES	The bedchamber opens onto a small receiving room , and even though I sense no hearts beating in there , I pause .
tr	PAST	Tentatively rising to his feet , Uriel clutched his sword as his gaze scanned the vast cavern that took " bleak " to a whole new level .
tr	PRES	We tip and the truck slides to a stop .
tr	PAST	When he thrust a finger inside of her , she exploded .
tr	PRES	I shout , leaping back from the table before realizing that it 's just cold water .
tr	PRES	He holds me as the shaking subsides , still kissing me tenderly .
tr	PAST	Many of them bore clear symbols or sigils etched or painted on them .
tr	PRES	Then she pushes her boobs against him .
tr	PRES	Star pins his ears .
tr	PRES	Also he collects Madame Alexander dolls . "
tr	PAST	Tiber 's right manual extensor seized it .
tr	PRES	" How juggling lemons fits into it all . "
tr	PRES	All that it nears it consumes .
tr	PRES	With one swift movement , Henry slams Jake 's hand down to the table .
tr	PRES	Sam murmurs in my ear and I punch him in the face .
tr	PAST	And not a single one of you uttered a word in my defense .
tr	PRES	Shame and relief crash simultaneously over me , rendering me speechless as Emerson turns to take me in .
tr	PRES	" What about his mobile ? "
tr	PRES	It falls between Shadow Bluff territory and Cedar Ridge , but the northern packs could reach it through the mountains . "
tr	PRES	The word is hex , " she corrects me .
tr	PRES	' It helps me to push myself .
tr	PRES	A lot of my ideas involve setting something on fire .
tr	PAST	" So tell , " I urged .
tr	PRES	" The offer stands - 30,000 credits . "
tr	PRES	He presses a kiss against my cheek and then stands to pull his jacket on .
tr	PAST	The guy dove into the family thing from the high platform .
tr	PRES	' Good to meet you , Archie .
tr	PRES	He stops to look at Adel who is speechless .
tr	PAST	During the next few hours , time limped along like an arthritic ancient .
tr	PAST	" What about Prince Daniel , " Julia exclaimed .
tr	PAST	But he just grunted .
tr	PRES	" Your turn to carry the basket , " Baldwin changes the subject .
tr	PAST	" I never bothered to look for more guns .
tr	PAST	" You abandoned me . "
tr	PAST	It required delicate handling by the captors but was usually enough to stunt the prisoner 's magic .
tr	PRES	Henry snuck out the front door so he could mix with the bus kids and was able to make it away from the building without being caught .
tr	PRES	" Jace target the tower . "
tr	PRES	" May I assume you did not win over Mr. Neely , hence your mood ? "
tr	PAST	A knock on the door resulted in Amber removing her hands from the others , and with it whatever levitated them disappeared .
tr	PRES	Dad snorts , like he can 't believe where I come up with such preposterous ideas .
tr	PAST	In the forest , Max claimed he didn 't know Adair .
tr	PAST	Still he prayed as he lingered on the long winter road to her door .
tr	PRES	" Your fortress ? "
tr	PAST	" That pretty much sums it up , as to why they are here . "
tr	PAST	Marcus grunted and opened his mouth to speak , but was cut off by another man in the group .
tr	PAST	The cave collapsed . "
tr	PRES	My daddy likes the green ones , five in total .
tr	PRES	" I got ta do something or I 'll lose what 's left of my mind , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	You walked out on Nicole , a voice in his head taunted .
tr	PRES	Zeke and Damien exchange glares .
tr	PAST	Uh , can I come in ? "
tr	PRES	The bike slows , and then comes to a halt .
tr	PAST	Everybody fled and the villagers never met up there again . '
tr	PRES	Sarah stands in her tent , laughing , as three angels tell Abraham that Sarah , well into her nineties , will have a child .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked his clothes .
tr	PRES	And Rio brings her when he goes out on a mission .
tr	PRES	" One of Black 's guys saw us together , " Sean explains .
tr	PAST	Mike 's Suburban chugged around the corner .
tr	PRES	" Launch imminent ... .
tr	PAST	We crawled on our bellies down the shaft .
tr	PRES	" You do have a flair for the dramatic visual , Lucy , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Did she often trek off to foreign lands to play hockey ? "
tr	PRES	I 'm not good enough to talk to , ha ha ?
tr	PAST	Her slender fingers caressed the worn wooden arms .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but this guy hates your guts . "
tr	PAST	He entertained - just for a split second - the notion of living a normal existence , without the dark past that had shaped him .
tr	PRES	Just little tests , nothing terribly dangerous . "
tr	PRES	He freezes , his forehead creasing .
tr	PRES	It holds the key .
tr	PAST	I arose with Inno in my arms and proceeded in the same direction , when I felt a hand on my shoulder and turned back .
tr	PAST	She clutched him tightly to her , moaning against his throat , giving him the permission he hadn 't asked for , but had needed anyway .
tr	PAST	He lightened when he seen my face , like he remembered me .
tr	PAST	" That 's right , I phoned you , and said should we inform the police .
tr	PRES	I slip my foot into one of my boots , then lean over to tie it , moving slowly because of the pain .
tr	PRES	" Not the morgue ? "
tr	PRES	He came up to her , standing mere inches from her , his massive height easily towering over her form .
tr	PAST	A moment later , they emerged onto the windy roof .
tr	PAST	The heavy rock smashed solidly into Vernon 's mangled chest .
tr	PAST	The light waned , and it didn 't happen .
tr	PAST	Once someone was dead , I doubted it would be an easy task to return them to the world of the living .
tr	PAST	Shannon and I both stifled a snicker at hearing them called " boys . "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	Far too small a window to capitalize on just yet , he stands his ground , waiting for the next assault .
tr	PAST	Still cross at the silly behaviour of her three companions she tugged on a particularly stubborn plant which was rooted very firmly .
tr	PAST	Liam half-heartedly trudged to Hades ' discovery .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed yours would be the first ! "
tr	PRES	In any case , enemies with a common worse foe .
tr	PRES	I shout , my voice sounding harsh in the quiet of the cabin .
tr	PAST	Declan asked , his hands balled into fists at his side .
tr	PAST	After he 'd got most of them out , he and Kimberley tipped the canoe over to let the water pour out .
tr	PAST	The toilet received my urine on its purple porcelain , her anti-wrinkle creams eyeing me from atop a shelf .
tr	PAST	Mari pinched her forehead .
tr	PRES	His sensitivity to them rivals Samuel 's . "
tr	PAST	He even slapped on some cologne .
tr	PRES	Anthony flips the channel to a soccer match and we watch for a few minutes .
tr	PAST	His words chiseled away another chunk of her confidence that giving up her baby was the right thing to do .
tr	PAST	When he stroked my knuckles with his thumb , I experienced a tingling sensation in the depths of my being and knew everything was about to change .
tr	PAST	We merely acted out a couple of fantasies .
tr	PRES	In her mind , she hears a familiar voice , " Diana ... you need to go back to Martinique .
tr	PAST	As you know , I visited Gerald 's parents after I saw you .
tr	PAST	He motioned for her to sit down -- which she did .
tr	PRES	" I 'll ride ahead and get everyone ready , " Laura volunteers , already throwing one leg over the seat of a hover bike .
tr	PRES	Trust your instincts and remember the bonds of this family . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Gladys .
tr	PAST	Then the relationships fizzled when there wasn 't a project to hold them together .
tr	PAST	" Not ever , " Simone intruded , her eyes flashing in a dangerous manner .
tr	PRES	" I knew you would come , bro .
tr	PAST	The dogs suddenly quieted again .
tr	PRES	Donna quickly grasping at David .
tr	PRES	" So beautiful , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Ensuring that the tower was now clear of Borgia men , he flung open the gate and went out to join Bartolomeo .
tr	PRES	The offer stands , though .
tr	PRES	" They organize search missions .
tr	PAST	His grandfather 's next words shattered his vision of working from a high rise in the capital city .
tr	PRES	No social media things . "
tr	PAST	" They stole my truck . "
tr	PRES	She reaches out and puts a hand on my good arm .
tr	PAST	For a brief moment , he feared his arrow would strike the man he was attempting to assist .
tr	PRES	" Baseball fan ? "
tr	PRES	Hera glances at Hephaestus , and I know what she 's thinking .
tr	PAST	Daniels eyed her as though disgusted .
tr	PRES	Longing to be indoors once again , he climbs the dated stairs leading to the massive doorway of the structure .
tr	PRES	Claire 's mouth falls open , " What did you just say ? "
tr	PRES	She begged him with her eyes and a slight shake of her head not to chastise him .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't ask , " I clarify .
tr	PRES	" Ready to go , " Doug announces , glancing quickly out to sea at the impending weather .
tr	PAST	The street lights glowed in a pale light that had cast shadows at unusual angles along the walkway .
tr	PRES	She likes when they 're in show business .
tr	PRES	Adultery causes a lot of murders and a man who is desperate enough to kill once could kill again .
tr	PRES	As her head lowers , her hair falls forward covering the sides of her face ; her legs buckle beneath her .
tr	PRES	" Ye Gods ! "
tr	PRES	Even her hair had faded , its once vibrant color now a greyish echo of itself .
tr	PRES	Rapport with God , People , Self , Love , Energy , Light .
tr	PRES	We nearly starved , one and all , three times . "
tr	PRES	She likes guys on motorcycles , remember ?
tr	PRES	" Have fun , " Travis winks .
tr	PAST	His chest hair tickled her nose , but she didn 't care .
tr	PAST	Outside , the elderly butler trudged across the yellow grass and retrieved the baggage .
tr	PRES	" What brings you Out this far ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked toward the ceiling as he slipped among the shadows and silently climbed the stairs .
tr	PRES	Mason lies back against the couch and stares up at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	He clutches forcefully , bruising my skin .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed with pure , intense red , like the eyes of a nightmarish jungle cat staring from the gloom at the intruder into his territory .
tr	PRES	" Is she fairy ? "
tr	PRES	" Captain Drake ? "
tr	PAST	" Um ... " I pretended to think hard but my mind was blank .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked the mask that hid his features .
tr	PRES	I swing from the shoulder .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	A petrifying hiss enclosed him in his metal cage .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around his neck and presses her forehead to his .
tr	PAST	He chased it with some ale .
tr	PAST	Ava mentally slapped herself .
tr	PAST	" That 's better , drive them toward the clearing , " Edward approved .
tr	PRES	Your new boyfriend throws me out ?
tr	PAST	He proposed that they should get a start back to the house before it became dusk and intolerably cold .
tr	PRES	I apologise , very sincerely , for intruding on your privacy and your grief .
tr	PAST	Kristy 's experience and finesse with guys outweighed hers by miles .
tr	PAST	Quickly he donned another harness and connected the pulley to the cable , tying an extra loop of wetting around his waist .
tr	PAST	Paulette pecked a simple sentence , " Login to my email . "
tr	PRES	I snap the paper from his hand .
tr	PRES	" Next Saturday , and you 're the matron of honor . "
tr	PRES	The spiral staircase she had climbed the day before was directly to the right of the door .
tr	PAST	And fearless , too . "
tr	PRES	A damned shame . "
tr	PRES	That girl really likes undercover work .
tr	PRES	And apply for college too , ok ' Dora ? "
tr	PRES	Alice 's eyes shone eagerly and she leaned forward a bit .
tr	PAST	A small portion of her brain still operated as a doctor .
tr	PAST	She just prayed it wasn 't too late .
tr	PAST	He endured her exploration for several minutes and then began an exploration of his own .
tr	PRES	" The ash carries no scent . "
tr	PAST	Far away he heard Armand 's voice : " What do I do with you , my beloved ?
tr	PRES	A swell of relief fills me as I go with it .
tr	PAST	Then the hands withdrew and he healed again .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back slightly to look at him .
tr	PAST	I attempted to keep my optimism at a reasonable level .
tr	PAST	Gloria piped up from the back seat where she had just appeared .
tr	PRES	" To cheat . "
tr	PRES	I bury my hands in her soft brown hair , devouring her mouth and giving her all that I have .
tr	PAST	My father guides me down the aisle as the gentle waves roll toward the white sand .
tr	PRES	The blade thumps in .
tr	PRES	" Three jobs . "
tr	PRES	She loves to meet other authors and readers and swap writer jokes and ten minute recipes .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	David 's recent promotion as head of Research and Review required him to grant final approval before a drug could be recommended to Washington .
tr	PAST	He was covered in a light sheen of sweat and still looked good enough to eat , his long braid swinging down his back .
tr	PAST	My mother shimmied in her chair and clapped her hands .
tr	PAST	A gun boomed from somewhere deep inside .
tr	PRES	" A ghost , " she whispers , her eyes wide .
tr	PRES	' The inn . "
tr	PRES	One of the two guys shone a light into Quinn 's eyes and checked his pulse .
tr	PAST	I squinted at the big red numbers on the clock .
tr	PRES	The soldiers smiled with delight , their teeth gleaming white in their blackened faces .
tr	PAST	He was resting his mouth against his hand , elbow propped on the arm of the chair .
tr	PRES	" And I belong to you . "
tr	PAST	Orla seized the broom by its handle and headed toward the hallway .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I see , Boots .
tr	PAST	He charged down the aisle , Marianna waiting there in the last row , not moving toward him or even standing .
tr	PRES	" Really , how ? "
tr	PAST	The door of the cafe chimed , announcing my arrival .
tr	PAST	He scampered to the forward staircase and disappeared from view .
tr	PAST	But he was already lunging , hands outstretched to finish their job on my mother 's neck .
tr	PAST	His warm palm caressed her shoulder and she had to fight to swallow a moan .
tr	PAST	" He conducted his first inventory as soon as he took over the position .
tr	PAST	Liz motioned to the back of the tent .
tr	PAST	I lingered in the doorway a minute longer .
tr	PAST	With Nick hanging his head low trying to breathe , Shane opted to stare a little .
tr	PRES	He still trusts her .
tr	PRES	" Though you get points for being honest about it . "
tr	PRES	" For the ceremony 's duration at least and , for preference , several years afterward .
tr	PAST	I would 've doubted my body could manage such a feat if Vincent hadn 't made me come twice in quick succession Monday night .
tr	PAST	Energy vibrated in the place .
tr	PAST	Her eyebrows pinched together in confusion and I knew I had to explain .
tr	PAST	Some regarded it as a gift from the Gods .
tr	PAST	His hand clutched his heavy black staff like a claw . '
tr	PAST	With my gloved hand , I pinched the wire my scarf concealed and whispered two words into the microphone .
tr	PAST	It glorified all that was good in us , all that was buried in our hearts .
tr	PRES	Jason signals the officer at the weapon 's control console who returns a nod .
tr	PRES	" No one touches her , Eric . "
tr	PRES	Love does not look for a crown , or care for the names we call ourselves , it only sees a place to grow . "
tr	PAST	Maryse exhaled a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	She swirled the last mouth full of champagne in the glass and took in a lung full of the fresh sea air .
tr	PRES	" And what about Laura ? "
tr	PAST	" Then we should go there , " Aphrodite piped up .
tr	PAST	Catching sight of Leah , Taylor , and me , Aaron 's smile brightened .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and looked down at Carrie , forcing a smile .
tr	PRES	Anthony reaches for my head , but I knock his hand away .
tr	PRES	A woman helps me with my suit .
tr	PRES	" Did I arrive in time to save the Bazaar Den ? "
tr	PRES	ah ... ... Mr Plant . "
tr	PRES	She scooted backward , her hands awkwardly covering her nakedness .
tr	PAST	he uttered in a more unsympathetic manner , tightening his grip on her hands .
tr	PRES	You naughty little minx . "
tr	PAST	White flocked wall paper surrounds a white velvet chaise that has a fuzzy white throw over the arm .
tr	PAST	The taste of coffee from dinner mingled with the flavor of him .
tr	PAST	As soon as she was out of earshot , Dee exploded .
tr	PRES	" And that wraps up the lineup for tonight , folks .
tr	PAST	She clasped her bra .
tr	PAST	Zach steadied her with his arm around her waist .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and climbs in next to me without waiting for me to scoot over .
tr	PRES	Something bangs in the garage .
tr	PAST	Robyn 's face unknowingly soured the farther she rode from Gabriel .
tr	PRES	Something snaps inside me , something that I 've never felt before .
tr	PAST	Before I destroyed it .
tr	PAST	" Drake denied the motion . "
tr	PRES	My heart stops and then starts up all at once .
tr	PRES	" There in lies the rub . "
tr	PAST	I thanked him for his concern and went into my room .
tr	PRES	He really likes you , Nat .
tr	PRES	Finally , a distant echo reaches across the plain .
tr	PAST	A frown claimed his lips when he couldn 't find it in the rushes by where the plaid had lain .
tr	PRES	" No one you know , sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	" No need to be testy , Zane .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for doing this , Kacey , " she whispers , wiping away the tear that rolls down her cheek .
tr	PAST	He ruffled her hair lightly , affectionately .
tr	PRES	Which , by the way , " he added , " still stands . "
tr	PAST	The caller sniffed but didn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my foot in the space and push inward until I can fully slip my body through .
tr	PRES	I ruffled his hair roughly .
tr	PRES	The fuzzy feeling remains until the soup is finished and the stack of egg rolls is nothing but flaky crumbs stuck to the plate .
tr	PRES	Emily wove around the takeout waiting area , the smell of ginger and green onions tickling her nose .
tr	PAST	he asked , innocence painted on every word .
tr	PRES	" Punch out , punch out ! "
tr	PRES	A sheer wall blocks all further progress .
tr	PAST	" Not as terrifying as the real thing , " I countered .
tr	PRES	" He healed me and helped me get here . "
tr	PAST	" She busted my nuts . "
tr	PAST	I hopped up and jogged over to him like I hadn 't seen him in months .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed her curves .
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hips to pull me even closer .
tr	PRES	Instead of being dark and fearful and threatening , the future now shone with so much glorious promise .
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes glazed over and her lips parted slightly .
tr	PAST	But as he took a step forward , the intensity of his injuries revealed themselves and he fell to the floor , defeated .
tr	PAST	He glided easily through .
tr	PAST	His rich Cumbrian accent washed over her and she found she could breathe again .
tr	PRES	Bran holds my shoulders in a tight grip and I notice that his hands are trembling .
tr	PRES	" How impressive . "
tr	PRES	He lays his forehead on his folded arms and laughs into the space , his shoulders shaking .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to Liam .
tr	PRES	As he speaks , the sliding door to the balcony in question opens .
tr	PRES	' Now , why would he warn a big fella like me about an itty bitty girl like you ? "
tr	PRES	Then he pushes up , leaving my body cold as he sits up and pulls up one knee , resting his elbow on it .
tr	PRES	she hisses , trying to keep her voice down .
tr	PAST	" I was , " he stated , brushing a strand of hair behind my ear .
tr	PAST	The pair at the other end of the salon froze , surprised , just like I knew they would be .
tr	PAST	Grabbing some therapeutic lotion from the cart , I squirted it into my hand .
tr	PRES	She stretches out her hand to him .
tr	PAST	He acted like I didn 't want that kiss as badly as he did , but hello !
tr	PRES	The day passes in a blur .
tr	PAST	The female elephant taps her trunk on my shoulder , reminding me not to leave her out .
tr	PRES	" You don 't want to eat on the island , " Buddy states what he thinks should be obvious .
tr	PAST	" You do all seem pretty happy , " he stated .
tr	PRES	' A Fire Wizard ? '
tr	PRES	Says the older girl in shock .
tr	PRES	As if I was the only person that mattered .
tr	PRES	The couple proceeds past without incident and Rift breathes a heavy sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	It only causes my mouth to run dry .
tr	PRES	Now that she is naked in front of me , the overwhelming urge to claim her as my own consumes me .
tr	PRES	Way to exorcise the memory of her , you idiot .
tr	PAST	I sidestep , moving to the next aisle , where he 's waiting at the other end .
tr	PRES	Sierra mumbled as she woke up and stretched her sore muscles .
tr	PRES	The pig was all winks and smiles while Chloe gave him the details .
tr	PRES	Stepping aside and unhooking the velvet rope , he lets us through .
tr	PRES	And he lays there , still .
tr	PRES	" He really freaked me out earlier , but maybe he 's just ... temperamental . "
tr	PRES	While we had lunch in our small-sized dining room , she proposed , " How about us going shopping this afternoon , sweetheart ?
tr	PRES	He roars at the boy and swings a fist .
tr	PAST	" Hey , wait a minute , " I hollered .
tr	PAST	The General perceived that he was no church-going man .
tr	PRES	Friedrich glares at him .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " he concludes , shaking his head and pulling his hood back up .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand and the orb remained suspended in the air .
tr	PAST	Genny 's lips provided a smile .
tr	PAST	she slurred , and then the line went dead .
tr	PRES	AND WE HAVE SO MUCH TO DO .
tr	PAST	He sensed it would be wise to leave , but he said he would meet Mary here , and he wouldn 't go back on his word .
tr	PRES	I nod gruffly : - " This wasn 't quite what I had in mind when I invited you to a 5-star hotel in central Copenhagen " .
tr	PAST	" I 'm saving every penny of my tip money , " Jeannie , another nail tech , chimed in .
tr	PAST	Travis fisted two of the drinks , handing one to each of the kids .
tr	PRES	I fetch two glasses , and we sit around the table in the light from the porch outside .
tr	PAST	" One hour left " his mother cheered .
tr	PAST	Got them from my doctor .
tr	PRES	" Cliff diving ? "
tr	PRES	" Happy half birthday . "
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked to Jonathan then back to him , gauging William 's purpose .
tr	PRES	Her expression changes to that of a lioness stalking her next meal .
tr	PAST	Sensing someone nearby the machine chattered off a string of code at her , none of which Beth understood .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted under his scrutiny but refused to back down .
tr	PAST	" Hey , " I piped in . "
tr	PAST	The sound spurred her to action and she hurried toward him .
tr	PAST	His lips tipped up in a grin and he replied in a now teasing tone , " You 're learning . "
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes and looks into mine , and he is suddenly so aware .
tr	PRES	Thomas tries to hide the light of excitement in his eyes , but I see it .
tr	PAST	His hands seized my face , and I thought he was going to push me away again .
tr	PRES	" If you could arrange your carriage to arrive by half past two ?
tr	PRES	Before I jump at the chance , the logistics of it occur to me .
tr	PAST	Speculation on Sen ranged from god to demigod to the devil himself .
tr	PAST	I yell at her , losing my temper .
tr	PAST	Pastor Merriweather announced , " This is a celebration and one thing we know how to do in Two Rivers is celebrate .
tr	PRES	We arrive at my apartment , and my dad scowls .
tr	PRES	But something holds him here .
tr	PAST	" So bossy , " Danny yawned before moving over .
tr	PRES	My mind begins to change as I realize that I haven 't made a mistake .
tr	PAST	That moron Georgie babbled out a version of the story to probably the first attentive audience of his young , retarded life .
tr	PRES	" I remember how empty I felt that night I came home and found it waiting for me , a red bow sitting on top .
tr	PAST	Xavier fidgeted in a seeming attempt to recall " human custom " .
tr	PRES	He likes to let a lot of people in ; I like to keep most people out .
tr	PRES	The sensation pushes me to close my eyes and memorize the feeling .
tr	PAST	" I really like Kenna , " I announced and then sat up straighter .
tr	PRES	" Everybody loves that story .
tr	PAST	Hanna floated beside her , feet down , mask on her forehead .
tr	PAST	Her suspicions proved correct .
tr	PAST	She stole another glance at him and he smiled .
tr	PRES	' Oh , not so dusty , Arnold .
tr	PRES	Ellis pops up from under the table with the rubber in hand and kisses the damn thing like it was a girl .
tr	PAST	Her mark glowed brilliantly like it was perfectly tattooed on her .
tr	PRES	Why she 'd named me Kane .
tr	PAST	" You accused me of murdering your father . "
tr	PRES	" Talk to me Jon . "
tr	PAST	Then , Spencer 's Sidekick vibrated .
tr	PAST	Panic seized him and whispered dark thoughts .
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched to touch his square jaw .
tr	PRES	Even though he 's not technically cheating anymore , he still loses points for being a creep .
tr	PAST	Memories exploded inside Balthazar 's head like gunpowder in a keg .
tr	PRES	She strokes my hair in an oddly maternal gesture .
tr	PRES	The early morning sun shone through the canopy of leaves overhead and dappled her golden hair as she twirled a red leaf between her fingers .
tr	PAST	I flicked a stray strand of unruly hair out of my eyes as I considered my answer .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	A single word drums through me : Traitor .
tr	PRES	Tonight we dine on jelly beans until we have a major indigestion . "
tr	PRES	It belongs to the whole nation .
tr	PAST	He ruled his kingship with the family of his one true son , Mal , and his second wife who had her own son , Bren .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't be frightened of me , " he begged .
tr	PRES	" Make things right between you and the mother of your baby , " I add .
tr	PRES	She touches everything she looks at and I ´ m sure it ´ s all out of curiosity .
tr	PRES	No grass , nowhere to lie down , a military installation , fences .
tr	PAST	She giggled at that as Wulf frowned at her .
tr	PRES	Above me the floor boards warped around the weight of whatever was upstairs .
tr	PRES	Fred bursts into the hall and comes striding toward me , just after I 've closed the door to his study .
tr	PAST	Then he slapped the purse on the desk and looking threateningly in my eyes grunted , " Go away ! "
tr	PRES	" He blames me for what he has become .
tr	PRES	Still he loves me .
tr	PAST	Which it proceeded to wrap around my body .
tr	PRES	Opening the door she sees an old friend , Ethan , who has come to help her solve the case .
tr	PRES	She consumes me more than anything else .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply through his nose .
tr	PRES	I ' l pul you aside before we leave , and you can tel me how it went .
tr	PAST	As usual , my heart skipped .
tr	PRES	And you compare just fine . "
tr	PAST	He tormented her with tenderness .
tr	PRES	She stops and runs a hand over her face .
tr	PRES	I swing again , faltering at the last minute , my confidence failing me .
tr	PRES	Nobody really likes to look foolish .
tr	PRES	I squeal , wiggling , attempting to get away .
tr	PAST	Beside me , Riley stiffened .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands around his face and lowered her lips to his .
tr	PRES	" Knox ... " I hiss between clenched teeth .
tr	PRES	" What a hypocrite . "
tr	PRES	He removes the helmet and shakes his head , dark hair falling into his eyes , a midnight blue dark enough to drown in .
tr	PRES	" And into the cave of the dragon from the east . "
tr	PAST	The tiger crouched atop the broken Russian 's body , muscles rippling , hackles high , fur sticking straight out in all directions .
tr	PAST	I motioned to Alexei ; he came staggering over like he 'd just been in labor .
tr	PAST	" Morning " Tammy yawned .
tr	PRES	He stops walking and turns around , then takes a couple of steps toward me .
tr	PRES	His cool touch brings relief but then I can feel the heat .
tr	PAST	Simon designed some of the most popular computer games in the world , and Kara loved to play them .
tr	PAST	I clasped a hand over my mouth to swallow a scream .
tr	PRES	" Grace , really , you and me horseback riding ? "
tr	PRES	He stops in front of me .
tr	PAST	She squinted up at him , trying to see his eyes .
tr	PRES	Tack holds up his hands .
tr	PAST	She grunted with effort .
tr	PRES	" She loves him . "
tr	PAST	Now she was being chased .
tr	PAST	Miss Howe sniffed at the area .
tr	PRES	Aaron hears knife in my Noise and realizes his mistake .
tr	PAST	Her hands fisted tightly , and for a moment Devon thought she was going to hit him .
tr	PRES	" Whether you like it or not , pet , you still belong to me . "
tr	PAST	Ashe referred to the best diner in Cordell , Oklahoma .
tr	PRES	A cheery sun shone brightly in a cloudless blue sky .
tr	PRES	Something that thrills you , lad .
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed in my hand , and I looked down .
tr	PRES	So men still sing in the evening . '
tr	PAST	The rhythm of her movements matched his , but she couldn 't scoop out nearly as much of the heavy soil as he could .
tr	PRES	Ain 't I respectable ? "
tr	PAST	The smile froze on Lisa 's face .
tr	PRES	He stills , winking .
tr	PRES	She always carries a thin envelope of shaved brass in her right glove .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Nina , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She willed the erotic images planted in her mind to disappear , too .
tr	PRES	" How many eggs do you normally scramble for yourself ?
tr	PRES	What if the press sees you ?
tr	PAST	Intense in the way it created an extreme intimacy with a complete stranger .
tr	PAST	His hope disintegrated and he stood holding the receiver to his ear , unable to respond .
tr	PRES	Good thing the water helps me feel a little lighter .
tr	PAST	She marveled that there were no words anywhere on the poster .
tr	PAST	Darcy never lied , and so he wasn 't sure .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of me , my hand pressing into his chest .
tr	PRES	Now that I think about it , I recall that I suffered . "
tr	PRES	" I think we 're behind a dune or something , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around me , and whispers in a soft , caring voice .
tr	PRES	Instead of smacking Henry 's hands again , I smack him upside the head .
tr	PAST	His heart slowed to an excruciating thud , the pillars of his mind shuddering .
tr	PRES	New marble floors shone under the light of a dozen Baccarat crystal chandeliers , a charitable donation by the company for this event .
tr	PRES	The little jailor tries to steer his lumbering charge to the cart , but the knight resists , instead lunging toward me .
tr	PAST	It required effort to keep her chin up and meet his gaze , but she managed .
tr	PRES	" Pretty good eh ? "
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PAST	Nasty , nasty stink , she concurred .
tr	PAST	I eyed the scale buildings , remembering how Vaughn had used his magic to shatter his miniature creations , before examining the rest of the room .
tr	PRES	" You ruined this .
tr	PAST	His sandy red hair glowed in the sun .
tr	PAST	Charlie charged out of the back door and headed right for it .
tr	PAST	" Okay , I 'm calling it , " Michael announced when the quiet got to be too much .
tr	PRES	He tastes of mint .
tr	PRES	Then she thought , Ah , shit , he deserves this .
tr	PAST	I broached the subject while we ate our Jell-O pudding dessert .
tr	PAST	It bounced around in my head like a key without a lock until it slid effortlessly into a memory , releasing a realization that surprised me .
tr	PRES	" Do what she says , " Apollo ordered , his fists ready at his sides .
tr	PRES	She dreaded coming down here , and now she dreaded leaving .
tr	PAST	He derived immense satisfaction in mothering her .
tr	PRES	The nurse rips open an alcohol square , wipes Stewart 's arm , and injects him .
tr	PAST	Their seventh flight to the station exploded on liftoff , which put their program on hold , where it still is .
tr	PAST	With all his strength , he plunged the body deep into the wet concrete .
tr	PRES	I hesitate only a moment , because now I understand .
tr	PRES	He is invited , " I add , my voice syrupy sweet .
tr	PRES	' I really don 't feel too good , ' I whimper .
tr	PAST	However , I immediately collapsed onto the ground instead , overcome by dizziness .
tr	PAST	He flicked the lighter open but struggled to light it .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not sure , " she hedged , and then decided she should be honest with her friends .
tr	PRES	His tongue presses into the side of his cheek .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands behind his back , studying it intently .
tr	PAST	He yawned , and my heart melted .
tr	PRES	" No panties ? "
tr	PRES	I gape at him .
tr	PAST	If one did so , he ceased to be a preserver .
tr	PRES	" A thank-you . "
tr	PRES	It also hints at the fact that we 're going to the right place . "
tr	PAST	Julia balked , suspecting it was a test , and afraid that to fail it would mean a slow death by starvation .
tr	PAST	" You handled that really well , Clay .
tr	PAST	" You see what I 'm capable of , " Ivan stated , looking him dead in the eye .
tr	PAST	My senses heightened even with this slight touch .
tr	PRES	The room fills with gasps , and my coven mates look to our last king .
tr	PAST	She scribbled on a pink pad of paper , then tore off the sheet and handed it to him .
tr	PRES	Mum loves my hair .
tr	PAST	Some of them smashed the sewage baffle before we could stop them .
tr	PRES	" Oh , holy hell , Lia , you have got to stop , " he begged .
tr	PAST	So we adjusted our goals .
tr	PAST	His personal will already waned .
tr	PAST	Tony stuffed his pack with grenades and Ramsey filled up on shells and clips .
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon ? "
tr	PRES	" Nan , you shameless hussy . "
tr	PRES	He stops near the window , stuffing his hands into his pockets as he gazes out at the lake .
tr	PRES	" Hey , you fuck !
tr	PAST	The SUV sped off .
tr	PRES	" We observe all necessary formalities before murdering each other . "
tr	PRES	She opens her leather handbag , scans inside for a moment , tightening her lips .
tr	PAST	Smoke tensed at his approach but didn 't challenge him or back away .
tr	PAST	Zola 's agitation matched the level of Joe B. 's disdain .
tr	PRES	" No worries , " he mumbled and sighed , but then he turned around and smiled .
tr	PRES	In this dark world , the louder you shout , the bigger your balls .
tr	PRES	Her door recognizes me , after all this time , and I 'm touched anew by her kindness .
tr	PAST	He reclaimed the distance , crowding me , and for a second , unease gave way to a spark of fear .
tr	PAST	Benji stuffed his backpack and smirked at me while I packed mine .
tr	PRES	She frowns as her heart skips a beat .
tr	PRES	Man teach by magic .
tr	PAST	As he led her across the rooftop and out of the frigid wind , she thanked the gods that Erik had been there to save her .
tr	PAST	With that , Eddie exited his email .
tr	PRES	Then it eases forward until it is right behind me .
tr	PRES	He always misses the point .
tr	PRES	It just helps you get ahead . "
tr	PAST	She and her dad along with her sister and brother fled to the house on the river .
tr	PAST	Mom transferred my savings . "
tr	PRES	" Stop looking at her tits , dumbass . "
tr	PRES	The Dauntless traitor with the gun presses Tobias toward me .
tr	PRES	She flips her hair back over her shoulder and for a moment I miss the weight of my long hair .
tr	PRES	" I 'm glad Max isn 't here , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Angela touches the table so that I look up at her again .
tr	PRES	Dad and I smack Henry 's head several times .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me ?
tr	PAST	Whenever he was drunk , he always accused her of cheating on him .
tr	PAST	Her appetite gone , she divided the sandwich between the dog 's dishes .
tr	PAST	Cate completely stripped the bed in number 3 .
tr	PAST	The smell of burning wood and scorched bread still tickled his memory as a warm fuzzy feeling of security and peace .
tr	PRES	" He likes it .
tr	PRES	She begins to slice them and I think I see the knife shake in her hand .
tr	PAST	His right hand pushed Axel 's flabby chin up , his left clutched a thick handful of greasy hair at the back of Axel 's head .
tr	PRES	Er - thanks again for the clothes , " I mumbled out of courtesy rather than real gratitude .
tr	PRES	The blue passenger door creaks , then bangs open .
tr	PAST	Hers in some ways was worse , because the betrayal had come from someone she trusted .
tr	PAST	Closer examination revealed two small scars , mere nicks , really , just under each breast .
tr	PAST	' You must be an intelligent student , ' Fabian intervened . '
tr	PAST	She shields the sunlight with her hand .
tr	PAST	Her fingers , tapered and delicate , caressed the glass .
tr	PRES	" Harrison arrests everyone in sight then sorts out who did what .
tr	PAST	The wind tugged at the edges of his black scarf ; the way it rippled reminded her of his shadow being torn apart .
tr	PAST	The remark puzzled her .
tr	PAST	Jack squinted at his watch .
tr	PRES	" What a sweetheart ! "
tr	PRES	I wipe some dust from the glass .
tr	PRES	" You paired me up with Hephaestus because he asked you to , not because you thought it through . "
tr	PAST	Nicole crumpled to the floor in an untidy heap .
tr	PRES	She holds up a powerful finger .
tr	PAST	I thanked her , gave her a hug , and got to kiss the top of her head again .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me , confused .
tr	PRES	" Go for it and I 'll shoot you , " Virgil murmured , his voice low .
tr	PAST	~ * ~ Small dreams floated in the air above her bed as she lay counting the shadows , her doll clutched close to her heart .
tr	PRES	He helps me at the paper . "
tr	PAST	" I gave an order , " Catherine countered .
tr	PRES	" Put it on , Raven .
tr	PRES	Oh , the dogwoods and the Easter lilies and the ... well , it 's simply gorgeous !
tr	PRES	I snuck downstairs , weaving through the people who never seemed to go home , and found Ash 's purse .
tr	PAST	Laurel snaked her arm reassuringly through Emma 's .
tr	PAST	Slowly , the door inched closed with a soft clink .
tr	PAST	He grunted as he slapped it back into place .
tr	PAST	Despite the fact he was a little clingy and his hand loved to trail off her back , Trent acted courteous .
tr	PAST	Kyle transferred the infrared scans to the reflector lens in front of the driver .
tr	PRES	" You shouldn 't be in here , " he mutters before taking a sip of his drink .
tr	PAST	Ivan 's hand bounced up and down uncontrollably .
tr	PAST	The creativity Juliet used to avoid a chat -- and have it appear as though circumstances intervened -- never ceased to amaze .
tr	PAST	She preferred electric blue or a spring green , both colors that brought out her eyes .
tr	PAST	She trusted the savage , perhaps because of his blunt simplicity .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , peering at both of us .
tr	PAST	In nearly every step of her day thus far , she prayed , for her husband and family 's safe return .
tr	PAST	She adjusted Elizabeth 's blanket .
tr	PRES	he states in an angry tone .
tr	PAST	His laughter froze every muscle in her body , and suddenly she didn 't have enough feeling in her hands to grip the wood .
tr	PRES	She hates organizing this stuff .
tr	PAST	He hooked his thumbs in his wide leather belt .
tr	PRES	" Did you delete messages from him ? "
tr	PRES	He hates puking , and when you kept hurling , he was afraid you were going to get him sick .
tr	PAST	These jobs dealt with information and high technology .
tr	PAST	Maynard hauled Jon then Bert from the pit .
tr	PRES	And therein lies our responsibility , not only to him , but to all that he seeks to undermine in his unconscionable rampages .
tr	PAST	He eyed me critically , waiting for my answer .
tr	PAST	Another man adjusted the level on the controls so that everyone would be able to hear me .
tr	PRES	" It fits . "
tr	PAST	" Selena , I have to tell you something , " he announced , his voice shaky like a tree branch in the wind .
tr	PRES	And not scrawny ones either . "
tr	PAST	I trudged into the house , so groggy I was only partly aware of what was going on around me .
tr	PAST	The way she felt about his invitation proved that .
tr	PRES	" Little butt likes being called little butt , because he has such a little butt . "
tr	PAST	Collecting their meager belongings , they exited the aircraft by way of a set of portable stairs .
tr	PAST	As the door shut , the tramp collapsed like a deflated balloon .
tr	PAST	Elsa 's eyes twinkled at him .
tr	PRES	He sees no reason that Lung Shen Li should not visit us even in Sydney to deliver them , when that should be convenient .
tr	PRES	" Ahhh ... I think she fractured my arm , too . "
tr	PRES	From everything I heard from David , he likes to see the fear in someone 's eyes as he drains their life force .
tr	PRES	" Weird , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" And you engaged the zombie ?
tr	PAST	Lazarus yawned as Gabe brought the phone back to his ear .
tr	PRES	He reaches for a laminated sheet .
tr	PRES	As if he feels me looking , he opens his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Can I pet him ? "
tr	PRES	Clay deserves a fair trial , don 't you think ? "
tr	PAST	I clutched my mother 's arm and hid my face .
tr	PAST	Men of both sides fled before him , but many he overtook and crushed to the ground .
tr	PAST	" I sensed something unfriendly going on .
tr	PAST	But she experienced something she was not accustomed to before the crowd : her radiant face captivated them .
tr	PRES	The crunching of helmets and the cheering of the crowd echo through the air .
tr	PAST	Her dress floated around her body , revealing everything from her waist down .
tr	PAST	Cade tugged me to the side and pulled me up against the fence .
tr	PRES	Of Boston fame . "
tr	PAST	He boxed her ear with his free hand .
tr	PAST	it inquired of Rankin intently .
tr	PRES	I yield , by the way , if that matters . "
tr	PRES	" And help me sell my stash at the pawnshop .
tr	PRES	Kenji opens Adam 's door .
tr	PRES	" Yes Mother , " Emerson sighs , in his most over-the-top cordial voice .
tr	PAST	Unable to stand upright against the unseen force , Talon crawled to Sunshine and held her close so that he could protect her from whatever was happening .
tr	PAST	" Well , as cheesy as it was , " she concurred , " you should know that I love cheese .
tr	PAST	The guards posted on either side straightened as she gave them a nod before entering the council chamber .
tr	PAST	" I can do my share , Bugs , " Timmy stated as he stood and displayed his somewhat slower , but still fully functioning movement .
tr	PAST	However , the crowd cheered for more .
tr	PAST	A frown tugged the corners of his mouth down and caused the skin between his eyebrows to pucker .
tr	PAST	Security cameras , always on the swivel , perked up at his arrival .
tr	PAST	With a ferocious growl , he charged forward and knocked Brutus to the ground .
tr	PAST	The form spun , flailed backward , then shrank to the floor .
tr	PAST	Don 't fret , " Charles reassured me .
tr	PRES	Kenji flicks an imaginary piece of lint off his shirt .
tr	PRES	The girl announces with amused surprise .
tr	PRES	A voice chuckles at my antics .
tr	PAST	We beheld the fangs in her mouth , tiny , yet sharp as knives .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Garrett glances at me apologetically .
tr	PRES	" Resistance brings punishment .
tr	PAST	The cameraman mumbled a few words to the woman , one of which Joey could tell was " Mayhem . "
tr	PRES	" That 's scary , " Dave mutters .
tr	PAST	He cups my face in his hands and dips his head , his lips meeting mine .
tr	PAST	My heart sped up at the thought of her wearing it .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't do it , I swear , " I teased as we entered her office .
tr	PRES	The reporter points a finger at Max and says , " Thanks a lot . "
tr	PAST	With her mind on Mitchell , Kate thanked everyone in the stairwell for their prayers and waited while her uncle followed them out .
tr	PRES	It blazes with the blue-white glow of the coldest days of winter or the hottest part of a flame .
tr	PAST	Ripping at the button fly on his jeans , he freed his erection and wrapped Dianna 's hand around it .
tr	PRES	' That also explains why we are in economy class and my assistant is travelling first class .
tr	PAST	He lingered on the choice and sipped his ale .
tr	PAST	Next to him , Fin equaled his platter with that of Todd 's .
tr	PRES	Renée loves to travel and has visited numerous countries around the world .
tr	PAST	Then withdrew a small distance .
tr	PRES	* Chapter 14 A LONG WAY TO THE TOP Bloom used the thorns like a mountain climber uses footholds .
tr	PRES	Cole stands and walks to the mic , " We 're going to slow things down for a few minutes and play a favorite song of mine .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... umm ... no . "
tr	PAST	The girl 's pigtails bounced as she nodded .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with an earpiece , paused , and pursed her lips .
tr	PRES	" Morning sunshine . "
tr	PAST	John cringed inwardly at his own weak start and decided to get more serious .
tr	PRES	The same day I barter with a toiletries merchant .
tr	PAST	He inhaled their oh so sweet aroma and smiled .
tr	PAST	The music of the waltz invaded his fevered dreams .
tr	PRES	" How silly of me .
tr	PRES	Ryan slides closer to me .
tr	PRES	He slides his feet into his shoes and walks toward me .
tr	PRES	The depth of his love for the sister in his arms shone through his eyes .
tr	PRES	That way lies madness .
tr	PAST	It was a command , one Drake dared not ignore .
tr	PRES	She begins to cry again softly .
tr	PRES	" Your proof ? "
tr	PAST	" Welcome to the Alpha & Omega Observatory , " Aaron stated , gesturing to the window .
tr	PRES	" Yes , belong ! "
tr	PAST	" Better stay out of her way , then , " Sara joked .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it 's total torture , " she begins , " like Chinese water torture .
tr	PAST	One conjured a vine out of thin air that wrapped itself around Archer 's throat until he passed out .
tr	PRES	But suddenly , none of that mattered .
tr	PAST	You solved them , all right , but a woman died , and another nearly died in the process .
tr	PRES	So , scratch that last .
tr	PAST	I squealed as he slapped my backside playfully , and followed him .
tr	PRES	Without having to order , Mack fills my mug with coffee .
tr	PRES	Rather , he stands up straighter , taking on a proud and imperious air .
tr	PAST	The second circle glowed .
tr	PAST	High above the plains of Uruk , the stone of the Ziggurat reflected the blazing glow of Ashur shining through the clouds .
tr	PAST	She sensed that his formidable control was his way of handling his equally formidable talent .
tr	PAST	Ethan plopped her back on the hood and dropped to one knee in the snow-covered parking lot .
tr	PAST	Mad Rogan swiped his phone and held it to his ear .
tr	PRES	No needles and graphs . "
tr	PRES	" But ultimately fruitless .
tr	PRES	The red rubies represent the eyes of Longinus .
tr	PAST	She preferred pants and a top , but the sales ladies ignored her , only focussed at Jonas , looking for his approval .
tr	PRES	Sydney reaches out and covers my hand with her own , and guides the blade lower , over Helen 's chest .
tr	PAST	He dismissed the thought and opened the foil packet before he smoothed the condom over his erection .
tr	PRES	" You threaten me with that wisp of a girl ?
tr	PRES	Xavier 's chin draws back in a stunned motion .
tr	PAST	The HCV rumbled away , to deposit SPs elsewhere .
tr	PAST	My knees faltered and I felt to the floor as the bastard laughed .
tr	PRES	" I teach Honors English , so I 'm in the building across from you . "
tr	PAST	Ed slapped the copy of the Boston World that he was holding against his palm , his expression one of bemusement .
tr	PAST	He sits down on the step , seeming resigned .
tr	PRES	By signing this agreement , each individual agrees to the following laws : ' " ' 1 .
tr	PAST	The light engulfed Mac and Janelle .
tr	PRES	He owes me an explanation . "
tr	PAST	He plopped down on the bed and stared up at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	The man named Joseph screamed as his flesh began to burn .
tr	PRES	" No , " Isaac whispers back , before leaving the greenhouse and running toward the boys .
tr	PRES	Before anything can happen between us , we arrive at the fourth floor , and the elevator doors open with a loud groan .
tr	PRES	" Core damage , information unavailable " .
tr	PAST	We toasted our steaming bowls , hopefully anticipating the passage through the blockade and finding freedom on the other side .
tr	PRES	" I am not giving you up , Jess .
tr	PRES	He hates when I call him that !
tr	PRES	Also ignoring what Anita had said , Joe mumbled a polite good-night and let Cheyenne walk him to the door .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my hand and clutches his head with a joking smile .
tr	PRES	He slides the plate into a wooden box .
tr	PRES	He whispers , " I 'm sorry too .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands to her face .
tr	PRES	" I keep them with me , " he mumbled as he shuffled the cards .
tr	PAST	The tension unraveled so quickly inside her that she screamed out his name as spasms racked her body .
tr	PRES	" Go , " I cal ed , hoping to help him make the right choice .
tr	PAST	My stomach leaped as I looked down , seeing my hand trapped within his , and glanced back at his face .
tr	PAST	Sarah thanked her and took a long sip , half closing her eyes as she enjoyed its refreshing coolness .
tr	PAST	He collapsed against me , our legs hanging over the edge of the bed , chests heaving .
tr	PRES	Dark hair disheveled , green eyes alight with need .
tr	PRES	Nothing explains me , and I still have no idea how my magic works .
tr	PAST	" I could be your boyfriend , " he slurred .
tr	PAST	Red Cliff gritted his teeth and had to control his urge to rip the thing into shreds .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , " I do !
tr	PRES	" We must make every effort in the next two days to ensure our presence remains a secret .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Wilder . "
tr	PAST	Asher crouched before Danvers ' door to inspect the keypad and lock .
tr	PRES	What 's left leaks out through the holes in my soul , those wispy bits that dissolve into the Nothingness .
tr	PRES	" That explains the schism .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , hard .
tr	PAST	He seized his wife by the hair and pulled her up .
tr	PAST	Her arms hooked around his neck as her mouth parted to greet his with a sigh of acceptance .
tr	PAST	I prepped with my mom for her online deal , and helped my dad sort through some overdue bills .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , while tears flowed down from his cheek .
tr	PRES	Marcus quickly dives in and swims over to him .
tr	PRES	" You were being rude , " Adrian snaps .
tr	PAST	Slowly he withdrew his lips from hers before their brief kiss could develop into anything more .
tr	PAST	Slowly he selected a bottle filled with amber liquid .
tr	PRES	" I disagree with it being your fault but I 'm grateful for your help .
tr	PAST	Which proved her point .
tr	PRES	A bird lands on the fingers that hold the knife .
tr	PRES	Dad clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Wesley said , his two machetes strapped down to his thighs as he held a semi-automatic rifle in hand .
tr	PAST	" We will return to the investigation on the arson after the break , " the news anchor announced .
tr	PRES	While she makes breakfast , I feed the clothes I had shed to the fire .
tr	PRES	" Don 't open that , " I hiss under my breath .
tr	PRES	It dives on me , its bony knee ramming my gut .
tr	PRES	" Slider , the snake-like beast crawls on its belly with four sharp razor fangs on top and bottom .
tr	PAST	Another store provided a nice selection of sweaters and tops that showed more décolletage than she felt comfortable showing .
tr	PAST	' We merely desired your assistance with certain experiments , of a great strangeness , which we are undertaking to perform .
tr	PAST	" And he 's great to be with , " 100 % lied .
tr	PAST	I scooted out and passed through the entryway into the graveyard where my mother was buried .
tr	PAST	My hand presses against his chest , but not to push him away , just to feel his heart racing beneath my touch .
tr	PRES	" Hi there , " Marcie said to Patch , her tone more flirtatious than I would have thought with her date standing inches away .
tr	PAST	Gregori glided up behind Rodney .
tr	PRES	" And now , " Ada said , gliding out of the wall in cold silver and black , " you belong to me .
tr	PAST	" I think I 'm going to go up to my room , " I evade her question , wiping my hands on a paper towel .
tr	PAST	One second everyone froze , the next we scattered like roaches .
tr	PRES	" Their pet project . "
tr	PRES	" Good gods ! "
tr	PRES	Jax owes me , and I have no doubt he 's waiting for me to call him with this specific request . "
tr	PAST	Little by little we carted our entire establishment ( including most of the buildings ) across the topological abyss .
tr	PAST	Shane rumbled in his chest again and curled his hands into fists .
tr	PRES	The second before I scream , the guard flinches .
tr	PRES	Diana adamantly states , " When father gets back in a couple of days , those pirates will pay !
tr	PAST	Blood , my mind shrieked .
tr	PAST	At the office , Geoff reiterated that physiological responses exposed cards .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to hear .
tr	PRES	Clay likes to see all his friends .
tr	PRES	" Every ... " Bickel nodded .
tr	PAST	I dove behind the rock when they fired .
tr	PRES	" Miss Gray ? "
tr	PAST	Determined to be polite , Myles extended his hand .
tr	PAST	She slowed down and finally stopped as I caught up with her .
tr	PRES	The time of the tide changes everyday .
tr	PRES	" The Mother Ship ? "
tr	PRES	Just in case , I faked a smile and said , " Awesome .
tr	PAST	Earl 's body tensed .
tr	PAST	A flashing image of teeth tearing at her flesh intruded .
tr	PAST	She scooted nearer to her paper and readied her pencil .
tr	PRES	" Yes , thank you , Owen .
tr	PAST	She eyed me with dancing eyes .
tr	PAST	Grandmother immediately smacked each one on the back of the head , yelling at them because they got so dirty .
tr	PRES	" You crash it yet ? "
tr	PRES	About 133 hydro plants in total .
tr	PRES	" A ground demon lies in wait ahead .
tr	PRES	" I 'm okay , " she mumbled into her father 's chest .
tr	PAST	The harsh shrill of the telephone exploded in the room .
tr	PRES	She glances at the newspaper and marker I 've brought down with me .
tr	PAST	They even defeated Select Ops teams .
tr	PRES	I cal ed , my voice ringing like a clarion bel in the darkness .
tr	PRES	" You heartless bastard . "
tr	PRES	Alarm dawns across Andy 's features .
tr	PAST	The Infernal quieted , sitting with hands in his lap and his head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	He balled his fist and breathed deeply , in and out .
tr	PAST	Wounded , Christopher smacked his hand over his heart .
tr	PRES	" Do bears shit in the woods ? "
tr	PRES	Not emotionally , but physically .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	I value your friendship , and I don 't want it ruined because of something silly . "
tr	PAST	The tall people of the Fifth inched closer and closer , surrounding him on all sides .
tr	PRES	Yet it remains in the political background , as a smoking fuse threatening to explode unexpectedly .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it 's crazy for all of us , " I add .
tr	PRES	A long ditch sections across the entrance and he gradually slows down .
tr	PRES	" That awful relentless sound . "
tr	PAST	I braved a glance toward his face and saw worry etched across his features .
tr	PRES	" When the Goddess makes me choose , she lets me know ahead of time .
tr	PAST	Arman lied with a shrug .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	He handled the hotels , expanded , and branched into nightclubs .
tr	PAST	He smacked my ass with one hand and then gripped my hips , hard .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed when Lisa had finished the line of drugs .
tr	PAST	Filled with impotent anger , Victor lingered outside the fence of the Shadow Pack 's compound .
tr	PRES	His fingers wove into her hair , holding her close , gripping her tightly .
tr	PRES	And he deserves it .
tr	PRES	" You were a very good boy this year , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He froze and lifted his head and she became aware of their heavy breathing filling the room .
tr	PRES	She giggles , and the feel of it rolls through me .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a quick laugh .
tr	PAST	' Got it in one , Counselor .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and pushed on .
tr	PAST	Madeline prayed they were headed in the right direction .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the small card he had sent in a moment earlier .
tr	PRES	His prose , as well , tends toward the overly dramatic , although a few people claim to like it .
tr	PRES	" I don 't turn people into frogs , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Federico mopped his brow .
tr	PAST	' You 'll find a sealed piece of parchment pinned to the page , Baron , ' I advised him .
tr	PRES	He points it at the dart and begins firing .
tr	PAST	The greens dove into the oceans .
tr	PAST	You killed them , a small voice in his head stated firmly .
tr	PAST	Too well , Meli reflected .
tr	PAST	" Follow your heart , " Angelina urged .
tr	PRES	" Hello , Mrs. Watson ... " Blake begins , obviously shaken by her youthfulness and lack of recognition of any of us .
tr	PRES	We freeze , focused on the noise ... and then the silence .
tr	PRES	he asked , the smile fading from his lips .
tr	PAST	Its body vibrated as it cocked back its head , baring lethal fangs , preparing another venomous spray .
tr	PRES	All those lectures and study groups and God-awful group presentations , ' he added , ' Why should I have to tick their stupid boxes ?
tr	PRES	The puzzle pieces click .
tr	PRES	Ace kills people but loves children .
tr	PAST	I flicked my eyes to Madeline 's .
tr	PAST	Too many shattered lives .
tr	PRES	Logan digs into his cheek with a wicked grin .
tr	PAST	Four hours later Paige scooted a box across the office floor with the toe of her tennis shoe as she collected papers .
tr	PAST	" I could 've been too late , " he whispered , his voice muffled next to my ear .
tr	PRES	" Uncle Virgil ? "
tr	PAST	Because it was expected of her , Lorraine dumped the contents of the envelope onto the desk and checked off the items on the list .
tr	PRES	" There will be other girls , " Heron comforted .
tr	PAST	But instead he mumbled " No problem " and took the drumsticks from him as he passed .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Doug to move over so we could all fit uncomfortably at the one table .
tr	PAST	I anticipated this , but it is still shaky ground .
tr	PAST	He tugged her apron over her head , hungrily latching onto her lips as soon as it had cleared her body .
tr	PAST	Immediately I emerged from beneath the surface , cold water splashing as I thrashed .
tr	PAST	He flung himself to his feet , so suddenly that I retreated in an automatic manner , keeping my eye on his dagger .
tr	PAST	" Her solo rendition of Santa Baby was not representative of her abilities , " Goodspeed countered .
tr	PRES	' Her safety is assured , Highness .
tr	PAST	# Steven slowed his car and watched until her taillights faded into the fog .
tr	PRES	' Porter County . '
tr	PAST	His eyes perceived it as having a faint bluish cast .
tr	PRES	" And then you steal another slave from one of my men .
tr	PRES	Cole holds out his hand for me , I place mine in his and he leads the way down to the ocean .
tr	PAST	" Nothing important , " she countered .
tr	PAST	" Cornelia , you 're such a cat , " she chimed .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're doing that ? "
tr	PAST	I served you and bit down my curses , I served your father and bit down my curses , but I served the wrong men !
tr	PAST	But that restaurant only served breakfast .
tr	PAST	Courtney Cole 106 With My Last Breath , Book Three Before he could answer , Hecate reappeared with Raquel at her side .
tr	PAST	" I 'm an old bat , " Marie countered , still laughing .
tr	PAST	Then holding the card at opposite corners between thumb and forefinger , he twirled it round and round .
tr	PAST	she sniffed , dabbing at her eyes with a cotton handkerchief .
tr	PRES	I wove through the crowd , smiling and waving as people called out to me .
tr	PAST	What courage it must take for you to speak your heart to me .
tr	PRES	" You suit brown hair too , sweetie .
tr	PRES	I lean toward her , my mouth against her ear .
tr	PRES	' ... turnip , Mitch . '
tr	PRES	" My granddaughter ? "
tr	PAST	His shoulders stiffened as the memories flooded through him .
tr	PRES	Julie stops eating and looks at the bottle .
tr	PAST	He cups my face with his hand .
tr	PAST	" I hooked up with him one night and was almost arrested the next .
tr	PAST	' Then proceeded to study them . '
tr	PAST	" Your assessment of a demon was more accurate , " she gritted out .
tr	PRES	She deserves to be happy .
tr	PAST	As a matter of fact , it smacked of ducking responsibility .
tr	PRES	" No , it belongs to the person you pay off to keep you and your family safe . "
tr	PAST	" Just the same , they 're all heading towards the Midwest , " Joseph reported .
tr	PAST	Evelyn motioned across the room .
tr	PRES	" I should take you home , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Her expression falls and she slips her hand from mine .
tr	PRES	He stops a moment , a smirk playing on his lips .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to explain over the phone , " she states , her voice shaky as if she 's been sobbing .
tr	PAST	Gwendolen exclaimed , in a low tone of amazement , with an utterly frustrated look , as if some confusing potion were creeping through her system .
tr	PRES	" Don 't cry , Harmonia .
tr	PRES	Between the columns were tall , dark creatures who looked like men , but were lean and had pale , almost glowing skin .
tr	PRES	A man passes me .
tr	PAST	" Hello Abby , can I speak with you something ? "
tr	PRES	I giggled , why was I treating this like some form of medieval torture ?
tr	PRES	" Is anybody there ? "
tr	PAST	Her friend obtained the autographs she wanted .
tr	PAST	Drew fiddled with the handle on his mug .
tr	PRES	She presses the bundle of pine needles to her nose and closes her eyes .
tr	PAST	I inched closer to his body , my anger rising .
tr	PRES	And all rendezvous somewhere at the airport itself . "
tr	PRES	God , I love you , Michelle .
tr	PAST	Archie reduced the engines to an idle , then with a blip of the throttle he shut them down .
tr	PRES	' Anyway , how much they knew of their gift , and what they did with it , remains a mystery .
tr	PAST	No , " he said , " I couldn 't have lied further .
tr	PRES	" Since you feel unwell and ate so little . "
tr	PRES	" It won 't be fine , " I blurt out before realizing I 'm speaking . "
tr	PAST	" Y mom defended me . "
tr	PRES	He paused only a millisecond before adding , " 'Cause if you have , it 's a lie . "
tr	PRES	The lecture hall seats 250 students , and I usually get close to that number .
tr	PRES	" But Sire -- all your work ... " " Counts for naught now . "
tr	PAST	Marwan awoke early the next morning , much earlier than usual .
tr	PRES	Tad points towards a long stretch of homes .
tr	PRES	" I expected things to change when I woke up here , but I never expected this degree of change , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	They lightened what would have otherwise been a stodgy dinner party .
tr	PRES	I scratch hair off my pretty face .
tr	PRES	Then he holds one of his gloved hands out to me .
tr	PRES	" Can you fetch me a new board ? "
tr	PRES	He sighs , letting his arm drop to his side .
tr	PAST	The orangutan leaped through the air , his mystical sword shrouded in deadly green light .
tr	PRES	" Why hello there .
tr	PAST	" Well , that should please my colleague , " the attorney announced .
tr	PAST	" I apologized for saying that , " he countered , eyes flashing a bright yellow .
tr	PRES	He presses down on the accelerator , and we speed up .
tr	PRES	Beckett lets go of my arms and sits in the chair beside me .
tr	PRES	" What about Annie ? "
tr	PAST	If they had to jump , she feared two things .
tr	PAST	The girl shrieked so loud Chloe 's ears rang .
tr	PRES	" What kind of nasty vibes ?
tr	PRES	Bob stands up and takes his plate to the kitchen and sets it near the waffle maker .
tr	PAST	The helicopter plunged toward a fiery doom , spiraling down .
tr	PRES	" Of course I forgave you .
tr	PAST	' Eddy and Linda have a boy , ' announced Toby to his walking companion .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her hand ever so slightly before he nodded .
tr	PAST	Her aunt Jimi predicted Maura 's tax return to within ten dollars .
tr	PAST	Jackson , Austin and Jessie tensed up .
tr	PAST	I hopped into the cab , waved my thank you , and watched Matt hug his arms through my rear view .
tr	PAST	The man who called himself the Grim Reaper motioned for me to go ahead and so I did , very slowly .
tr	PRES	Her empathy for others reaches beyond those she touches .
tr	PRES	Something in his voice throws me off a little .
tr	PRES	Can someone sell property with conditions attached ? "
tr	PRES	" That 's ridiculous , " Mom carries over a tray loaded up with triple bypass written all over it .
tr	PAST	" Wow , Chase ... " Phoenix said darkly .
tr	PAST	Thankfully , some good products and a hair tie solved most of the problem .
tr	PAST	I made my way to my sister 's penthouse and found her inside her greenhouse , amidst her beloved orchids , roses , lilies and tulips .
tr	PRES	We have torches . "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side , distracted .
tr	PAST	Molly 's shoulders stiffened .
tr	PRES	Everyone glances at each other , uncertain who this could be .
tr	PAST	The one hand fisted in his pocket tugged at his jeans , revealing a small sliver of a taut stomach .
tr	PAST	" Romulus ... " Mikhail whispered the name like the word itself might turn and strangle his throat .
tr	PRES	She points her gun at the lock .
tr	PRES	he mumbled too quiet for anyone to hear .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Dundee , Mr. Russell ? "
tr	PAST	It suffocated him , crushed him , would not be beaten back with fists or oaths .
tr	PRES	She stands behind him with a bucket of steaming hot water and several rags .
tr	PRES	Mom clutches my hand .
tr	PRES	Colton yawns again and checks the time on his phone .
tr	PRES	" Nox Owen . "
tr	PAST	For the most part , our Cullen treated Maggie with the easy affection of an older brother .
tr	PAST	He scoffed at the thought as he took his iced coffee from the barista .
tr	PAST	Satisfied , Hector retreated to his bed in the corner of the room and settled down .
tr	PAST	He shrieked , rolling over .
tr	PAST	With the sound of breaking glass , the prison shattered , shards flying outward but somehow leaving me unscathed .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth before pushing the dumpster his direction .
tr	PAST	With the knife in hand , Wayne quickly exited the vehicle and chased after the running girl who was now in the forest .
tr	PRES	Most people assume I 'm younger than thirty but they seem to find me more serious than other women my age .
tr	PAST	Sid exposed the slightest of gaps in his helmet , allowing Dollop to see deep into the cavernous dark that lay beyond .
tr	PAST	She slowed down as she inspected the wreckage of a school bus .
tr	PRES	" Your dad lets you keep Wrigley even if he can 't race ? "
tr	PAST	She slapped it away with a squeal -- the biting flies of summer were almost worse than the biting winds of winter .
tr	PRES	I gape at her unfathomably .
tr	PRES	" Do unicorns have whiskers ? "
tr	PRES	Japheth finally stands to leave , but he 's taking his time about it , like a sullen child reluctant to obey his father 's orders .
tr	PAST	Droplets of silvery blood spattered through the air as all three of the guys shrank back .
tr	PRES	He stands up , putting some space between him and the table .
tr	PRES	Jada sighs and shakes her head .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a couple of beats .
tr	PRES	" Neil Turner ? "
tr	PRES	" And what about my partner in crime ? "
tr	PAST	George regarded having Ben feed him at the table as his exclusive privilege , however .
tr	PAST	It slowed down just as it passed under a streetlight and I saw him .
tr	PAST	" For two months , " nodding .
tr	PAST	He crouched behind the sand dune , continuing to watch , until the Nomads and his son , were gone .
tr	PAST	The maid stole a glance from me before continuing .
tr	PAST	I smacked my fist onto their door repeatedly , hollering their names as loud as my still sleepy voice would allow .
tr	PAST	The green valley far below glowed in the light .
tr	PRES	I scratch the back of my head .
tr	PRES	Thick needles of fire pierce every inch of my skin , striking clear to the bone , and I shiver uncontrollably .
tr	PAST	We extracted you at the exact same time .
tr	PAST	His hold hauled her back around .
tr	PRES	" Just relax . "
tr	PRES	He 's dead , " she whispers softly as the glow from her hand fizzles away .
tr	PAST	However , a zealous airline employee in Sydney phoned Israel too , and suggested that word be sent through to the palace .
tr	PRES	" The seventeenth . "
tr	PAST	I selected prime specimen of three distinctive breeds to give you a better spread . "
tr	PRES	" Clumsy pup ! "
tr	PRES	Dad glances at me and then back at Dana .
tr	PAST	" Red and green make yellow , " he mumbled , remembering the demonstration by Marika 's father .
tr	PRES	With that , Alec reaches for two bars of soap , handing one to me .
tr	PRES	" Not if you think you 're in love with her , Your Highness . "
tr	PRES	Behind Andrew stands a blonde man with identical facial features , but maniacal , thunderstorm gray eyes .
tr	PRES	Something bashes the side of the car with such intensity , it flips over .
tr	PRES	" But , um , what about Wren and me ? "
tr	PRES	" She 's all I have , " Will mumbled .
tr	PAST	Setting the baby 's basket at one end of the kitchen table , Marian rummaged in the cold box .
tr	PAST	Doubled over , hands on his knees , his gasping matched the horse 's .
tr	PRES	Sour bile rises up into my throat , but I just keep going .
tr	PAST	Becca slowed the car and turned , and they lurched back and forth across several deep potholes .
tr	PAST	Golden light reflected from beyond the turn .
tr	PAST	Each one of us functions independently with no set schedules .
tr	PRES	She hisses at me as she sniffs the house like a dog .
tr	PRES	" Not those , silly .
tr	PAST	I received a Masters of Social Work , with honors , from the best university in the Country !
tr	PAST	I stole my file once and read it .
tr	PAST	Very few people dared to venture near the Pool of Tears and for good reason .
tr	PRES	" And Mikhail ? "
tr	PAST	He rummaged through the bundle until he finally pulled out a single document .
tr	PAST	Harry tugged on my shirt and pulled me in the direction of a ditch and we rolled through the mud into the nook .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled with the grating created by Kristina 's voice coming from my office doorway .
tr	PAST	Silky hair only heightened the effect on her skin .
tr	PRES	He owes me no explanations .
tr	PRES	You have contacts there , I assume ? '
tr	PAST	" I think that 's the coast road , " Rachel announced .
tr	PRES	" You always have to get the penthouse , " I teased in a whisper over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a pain filled breath .
tr	PRES	" I thought you weren 't going to make it , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	In different ways but destroyed nonetheless .
tr	PRES	And , of course , Tina and Kyle .
tr	PRES	" Of course ... " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Troublemaker , " Joel teased .
tr	PAST	He crouched by the window , looking out on the street in twilight .
tr	PRES	Somewhere , if not in Dead Mule Canyon .
tr	PAST	How many cases have you generated ? "
tr	PRES	And that terrifies the hell out of me . "
tr	PRES	Dante bursts from the water , wearing gray swim trunks and shaking droplets from his hair as he lunges to grab me with a roar .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want to be that woman , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	He exits out into the peaceful medical ward .
tr	PAST	His sober pal hauled him toward the Land Rover , mumbling warnings to shut the hell up as he stuffed him into the passenger side .
tr	PAST	Robi motioned for Boyd to follow and led him to the rear of the cavernous building and through a door marked " Operations " .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at her mouth .
tr	PRES	" The dorms . "
tr	PRES	" Five pistols and two shotguns .
tr	PAST	This time Colin crouched next to Annie .
tr	PRES	" Unlike what you may have read about or seen in movies , some vampires actually feed on animals . "
tr	PRES	" Lake , I already miss you , " he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	The creatures had roamed the Earth millions and millions of years ago .
tr	PAST	Stars exploded across the back of his eyelids as her luscious lips slid up and down his rigid shaft with a tenderness he had yet to encounter .
tr	PAST	Your refusal to follow the orders of myself and Tori Wu , the former leader of Dauntless , resulted in countless deaths in the Erudite attack .
tr	PRES	Mai sighs , painting a small smile on Rift 's face .
tr	PAST	From the lobby , large men in suits barreled toward our location .
tr	PAST	At some point , the tears mingled with the water , and even after I 'd dried off and changed , my face was still damp .
tr	PRES	" How about a piece of cherry pie ? "
tr	PRES	And my reoccurring nightmare .
tr	PAST	Reid hopped to it .
tr	PAST	A cool predatory smile curved his lips as he eyed her speculatively .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed her arm .
tr	PRES	We lapse into silence .
tr	PRES	" Yes ; and your Sabbath begins early at this season .
tr	PAST	She predictably balked at him carrying her and Dare had dealt with enough women to know when to give in and when to fight the good fight .
tr	PAST	The dial tone buzzed in her ear before she could think of a better come back than , " Oh yeah ? "
tr	PRES	Angry mutters swept through the Hall .
tr	PRES	Serena reaches toward the etchings with her fingertips .
tr	PAST	Pate exhaled on a rough sigh .
tr	PRES	If you just relax . "
tr	PRES	A smile passes briefly across her face .
tr	PAST	The foe immediately collapsed .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and takes Cindy 's hand in his before he speaks .
tr	PAST	" Harmony was raped when she was fifteen years old , " Rhapsody revealed sadly .
tr	PAST	The sister shuffled uncomfortably in the chair .
tr	PAST	Hope churned desperately within her .
tr	PAST	Bodies everywhere , ripped to pieces , stomachs carved open , heads and limbs torn loose .
tr	PAST	ONCE INSIDE ANGEL 'S , Rafe singled out his brother and pulled him outside for a talk .
tr	PRES	" My lady , Brother Ragnar approaches . "
tr	PAST	I jabbed him in the stomach .
tr	PAST	Cole leaped out of his chair and threw himself at Riley .
tr	PRES	That explains why there are fewer craters there .
tr	PRES	The second voice belongs to Caleb .
tr	PRES	" It doesn 't matter what they say , " I mutter , and I gently push Jacey off my lap .
tr	PRES	Even when he 's screwing things up , he refuses to let me do the exact same things he 's doing himself . "
tr	PAST	Pleasure accompanied every stroke , especially the ones where her h * ps pushed back in response .
tr	PRES	But he lets me take the orders , standing at my side like my own personal Mexican food encyclopedia .
tr	PAST	Gene worriedly pondered out loud .
tr	PRES	As we continue north , she talks about Fin and Ballard now and then , though nothing with any direct connection to our fatal encounter .
tr	PAST	The lights glowed in the darkness making the room seem like we were in another dimension .
tr	PRES	Warrior tries to protect the little ones from their father .
tr	PAST	Helen screwed her face up in disgust ( an expression that never seems too far removed from her ! )
tr	PAST	Her breath fanned the full , rounded tip of his shaft , and Jonas thought he would explode then and there .
tr	PAST	He crouched , spread his arms , and shimmered into the form of a hawk .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't worry about us , " Helen begged .
tr	PRES	" It was all lies .
tr	PAST	It was so huge , she doubted she 'd ever learn her way around .
tr	PAST	Seeing the sincerity in his eyes , hearing it in his voice , some of the pressure lessened .
tr	PAST	' We 're not lying , Miss Lee , ' Galen countered .
tr	PAST	" He treated me indifferently .
tr	PAST	" I 'm trying not to picture anything , " Garrett chimed in .
tr	PRES	Her nails dug into him , and he followed her right over the edge , roaring her name , seed jetting in a hot flow .
tr	PAST	Tom withdrew the packet and handed it gently to Grey .
tr	PAST	Poochie , wearing a gray silk suit and white crew neck shirt , ambled toward him , a polished black oak cane swinging at his side .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us to the real fly in the ointment - your kill profile . "
tr	PAST	I zipped my lips shut .
tr	PAST	They vibrated between us .
tr	PRES	" My lord Spirit ! "
tr	PAST	Claire curved her fingernails into her palms .
tr	PAST	" Honesty is good , but good is overrated , " Dex lectured .
tr	PRES	" Beck , " I said , blinking before looking at him .
tr	PAST	Sandstone walls twelve meters high prevented them from seeing what lied beyond the rock walls .
tr	PAST	When he was finally able to let go , he floated cautiously above the web .
tr	PRES	I assume they walked for a while until they came out of the trance . "
tr	PRES	Not when I was being yelled at , beaten , or even when I stood up to my dad .
tr	PRES	Pippa pushes her way out of the circle , stepping into the three-sided structure at the center of camp and moving toward the old refrigerator .
tr	PRES	Too much varnish destroys .
tr	PRES	He offers me a small smile as he stops in front of me .
tr	PAST	she squealed with delight .
tr	PRES	" On my life , Em .
tr	PRES	His mouth opens , but no words come out .
tr	PAST	In the centre of the kitchen , a roaring column of fire extended outside through the cracked window .
tr	PRES	" Salt of my tears , salt of the sea , wash away loss and set me free . "
tr	PAST	In half a minute a woman 's scream pierced their ears .
tr	PRES	" I was torturing my father , before you interrupted me , " Maya states simply .
tr	PRES	He slew an immortal Inquisitor ! "
tr	PRES	The commander falls , the pack of batteries going down with him .
tr	PAST	She jiggled it again .
tr	PAST	Colt scooted his chair closer , and I inched away .
tr	PAST	My body froze up , and I couldn 't get my legs to move .
tr	PAST	" That is unfortunate , " he stated as his arm tightened around her waist , pulling her even closer so that her hips were touching his .
tr	PRES	I see a bit of Dad in the steely gaze , his eyes alight with determination .
tr	PRES	She braced the countertop and shook her head in disgust .
tr	PAST	Tegan eyed him grimly .
tr	PAST	Defeated , the teenage girl grunted in disgust and jammed her hand in her jeans pocket .
tr	PRES	" Especially if his name is linked to a drug mule from Latin America . "
tr	PRES	She smiled and shrugged , her hand resting over the steering wheel .
tr	PRES	When the prayer is done , Zion stands and his eyes meet his mother 's .
tr	PAST	" I 've never trusted anyone , " he stated , his eyes unblinking .
tr	PAST	he relayed to the cavalry in the sky .
tr	PAST	" They knew we were there , " she stated as she got out of the car .
tr	PRES	" Get away from me , you moron ! "
tr	PAST	She giggled as Kevin started smoothing her hair and clothes for her .
tr	PRES	" Thierry , " Lynette murmured , her voice cold and devoid of emotion .
tr	PRES	Douglas shrugged , completely calm , he began to stuff the sorted presents in the stockings .
tr	PRES	" A good agent uses every available resource .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved in a smile as the brave woman he knew reappeared .
tr	PRES	A global research project that spanned decades if not longer , one involving human trafficking and experimentation . "
tr	PRES	Clark attempts to sit up .
tr	PAST	They emerged onto the ward and she turned to him urgently .
tr	PAST	Andrew reappeared in his true form .
tr	PAST	A black four-door car with darkly tinted windows screeched to a halt in the parking lot in front of the building .
tr	PRES	He holds out two small plates with an exaggerated amount of chocolate icing .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand .
tr	PRES	And one hamburger bun .
tr	PRES	Adam clears his throat a little too loudly .
tr	PAST	Michaels adjusted himself in his seat .
tr	PRES	I cultivated that feeling inside me , stoking it like a hunter tossing splits of hardwood on a camp fire .
tr	PRES	The bubble of air pushes me forward , and I grab Pen .
tr	PAST	The sound cut through the low hubbub of the crowd and a rippling revealed Chris 's location as he made his way through the press of bodies .
tr	PRES	The police records no longer exist , so verification is not possible .
tr	PRES	May I steal a few minutes with the stunning bride before you rush off ?
tr	PRES	" Nothing green , " she finally mumbled into the mattress .
tr	PAST	" Yes , it is about time that we added to the family , " Rose concurred .
tr	PAST	" You 've got to conserve your strength , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	Laurence proposed me to be his wife , and by the condition , which brought me in London , I said yes .
tr	PAST	Mouths outlined in gloss and unreachable .
tr	PAST	Now that I had learnt at least some of his experiences , I deepened my understanding in him .
tr	PAST	Claire gritted her teeth and then forced them to relax into a smile .
tr	PAST	She was making her way through some shop tents that had shut up for business , the day 's rubbish piled up outside them .
tr	PAST	Swiftly , he replaced the magazine and stuffed the rest of the ammo into the pockets of his jeans .
tr	PAST	His cloudy thoughts swirled the idea around , and long consideration led to why Old Haven people had taken prisoners .
tr	PRES	... ready-to-eat meal with utensils not only optional but generally frowned upon .
tr	PRES	I teach you no more , gunslinger .
tr	PRES	Twelve points out of eighty-seven . "
tr	PAST	The jumping competition was being staged first and would be followed by dressage and novice events in the afternoon .
tr	PAST	" Because he started the Chaos War , " Carson piped up in front of me .
tr	PRES	Crackle , crackle . "
tr	PAST	I cleaned up the apartment and set out candles and then changed into a dark green shirt I knew Sydney liked .
tr	PRES	They shone blue in the night and were as tall as buildings .
tr	PAST	Sitting up , Kay scooted to the far side of the cell .
tr	PAST	The full lips curved with wry amusement .
tr	PRES	She talks to me sometimes and I forget she 's my daughter .
tr	PRES	Steam fills the air as I take a lid off one of the pots and stir the noodles in the water .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around Maddie and pokes his tongue out at me .
tr	PAST	The spell required the caster to use the image in her mind of the person being sought .
tr	PAST	He brightened considerably at the sight of the girls .
tr	PRES	Not only that , but everyone respects you .
tr	PRES	Maker glances at me and chuckles .
tr	PRES	" You screwed up .
tr	PRES	His touch brings back the fire we once had .
tr	PAST	The rest of Lucien 's temper fled and he replied , " I know that , darling . "
tr	PRES	The rush of speed bursts through me , like bubbles popping on the surface of water .
tr	PRES	" Fire tests gold . "
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Nicole adjusted the strap across her shoulder and said , " Yes , but in a good way . "
tr	PAST	Denied , denied , freaking denied .
tr	PAST	Jackie 's gaze roamed over his nak * d body , her eyes darkening with lust as she worked her way down to his cock .
tr	PRES	When he dies , the role passes on to the next male in succession , the oldest of the alpha 's offspring . "
tr	PRES	The bricks of the chimney , which collapsed in a charred heap , provide a point of reference for the rest of the house .
tr	PRES	Bye , bye , doggie .
tr	PAST	Lifting her chin a notch , she readied herself for a fight .
tr	PRES	When you do that pattern at full speed , you flow through that weak point without noticing .
tr	PRES	Questions Bjorn slamming another shot .
tr	PAST	" What finally tipped you off ? "
tr	PRES	I mumbled against my mother 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	We need a good ass shot , " I taunted .
tr	PAST	We never anticipated this will happen since the weather yesterday was so fine .
tr	PAST	Amazing , simply amazing , " exclaimed Henry .
tr	PAST	Perhaps when Horne had seen what he 'd done , he 'd panicked .
tr	PRES	But no child 's pumpkin carving tool .
tr	PRES	This plays into one of the big problems for writers .
tr	PAST	So they concocted a story that he 'd joined the RAF and was shot down on his first mission .
tr	PAST	I exhale , saying .
tr	PAST	Then he sketched the inverted cone of the tower on top of these jutting lines ; an upturned triangle resting on a gigantic plinth of charcoal .
tr	PAST	He much preferred the sanctuary of home .
tr	PAST	I eyed him in the rear view mirror .
tr	PRES	* Back at Justine 's apartment , Justine brings out a small easel and a handful of paint and spreads it across a newspaper covered floor .
tr	PAST	After dinner , Mrs. Herron proposed dancing , and I offered to play .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven Happy chaos ruled at the Beauchamp 's new house .
tr	PRES	' Feel free , Pol .
tr	PAST	Wolf lent his head on his fathers shoulder .
tr	PAST	The breakfast restaurant in Star Cove served up good , plain fare seven days a week .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around her .
tr	PRES	He peels back the bandage and I wince .
tr	PRES	After the itch is gone , he returns his hand to the rail .
tr	PAST	Some rats ran into the fire , others attempted to find the end of it .
tr	PAST	The gunmen tensed and reached into their long coats .
tr	PRES	Finally , he stops .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and quickly opened it , taking a swig .
tr	PAST	She jolted to a halt .
tr	PAST	" Well , at least you know I 'll be safe around him , " she joked .
tr	PAST	Percival sensed a Render closing fast at his back .
tr	PAST	Gaius stiffened , his eyes dark with a vast sense of loss .
tr	PAST	The customers tipped well , and everyone had a good word for me .
tr	PAST	Beneath him the sand swirled and dipped , almost whirlpool like , and hot air wiggled upwards .
tr	PRES	They dismantled a huge kite , threw it hurriedly into a wagon , and sent it clattering to shelter .
tr	PAST	But more than a few folks lingered around the door , wanting some face time with the man of the hour .
tr	PAST	Only a few minutes later at PRC headquarters the Director 's computer buzzed him .
tr	PAST	Or acted too soon . "
tr	PAST	In the vast living room a hand-painted sky complete with fluffy clouds and plump cherubs adorned the ceiling .
tr	PAST	It stole my breath , so that the blood in my head was suddenly loud and roaring .
tr	PRES	He chuckles again . '
tr	PAST	Before she could find it , the squeal of rubber on the pavement announced the arrival of his transportation .
tr	PAST	Hiding a grin she confessed , " I lied . "
tr	PAST	In her anxiety , she seized on the least of her worries .
tr	PRES	Then a second later another message pops up .
tr	PAST	She lied to me .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Grandpa ? "
tr	PRES	An ambulance siren drifts through the open door , sounding like it 's getting closer by the second .
tr	PRES	Keeps you human , stops you cackling .
tr	PAST	Then he brightened : " She asked me who 's the smartest guy around and I just had to say Stoney Winston . "
tr	PRES	" The Son of God . "
tr	PRES	Very compact , but the decor was good .
tr	PAST	She urged him on removing her hand from his grip .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a vent high up on one of the walls , pops out .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat as I reached the water and looked back .
tr	PAST	And this time she slowed their pace to one that was much more leisurely .
tr	PRES	" Sergio Martinez , known to you in radio and TV land as Dr. Winthrop Braintree of Space Questions , joins us tonight on the broadcast .
tr	PAST	He eyed her warily .
tr	PRES	He offers me his hand and pulls me off the couch , towing me back to the kitchen island .
tr	PRES	Then , after a while , she said , " Push it forward a little . "
tr	PRES	He stares out into the rugged whitecaps .
tr	PRES	So the siege begins .
tr	PRES	" Sibyl - " he started but her hands were urgent on his waist , her nails digging into him .
tr	PAST	Keeping them open proved almost as treacherous .
tr	PRES	" No , Riley wishes . "
tr	PRES	Maureen digs through her purse and pulls out a set of keys .
tr	PAST	She caressed him through the fabric , letting her hand wander and explore .
tr	PRES	The branches tremble and shed pearl curtains of water when I step upon them .
tr	PRES	He exhales loudly and yanks off his shirt .
tr	PAST	He created a nuisance ; the Baines declined to press charges .
tr	PAST	Rock cocked the hammer sending the chilling sound through the silence .
tr	PRES	I resemble a defiant toddler .
tr	PRES	I chew my lip but nod .
tr	PAST	Allan shuffled us from one group to another stopping for a just a perfunctory introduction and handshake .
tr	PAST	Both tests produced the truncated readout .
tr	PRES	When he opens the door , my heart stops .
tr	PAST	Celestino stiffened in an instant .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , not caring if she woke her aunt up .
tr	PAST	He regarded her coolly .
tr	PAST	" I defended her for years because I always thought she 'd come back for me . "
tr	PAST	He never collected his paycheck .
tr	PRES	" We shall begin with safety procedure 184 , sub section 12 .
tr	PAST	Quickly , he stuffed them into his pockets before anyone noticed what he was doing .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered wildly .
tr	PRES	In keeping with his obnoxious nature , he never once apologise to those whose paths he had previously hindered .
tr	PAST	I trusted no one but myself .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not , " I hiss back , then move back to the front of the line .
tr	PRES	When Pierce still looked dumbstruck she waved her hand in an expression of frustration .
tr	PAST	" I taped our conversations .
tr	PRES	From over his shoulder , Eric cracks his maniac smile .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me . "
tr	PRES	That boy of mine loves with every fiber of his being . "
tr	PAST	William tugged at his cravat .
tr	PAST	He motioned Pierce to join him on the walk back to the Manor as they followed the Colonel and his man across the clearing .
tr	PAST	The usual rabble lounged at tables in the room , playing at dice or discussing minor jobs .
tr	PRES	He hooks a finger below my chin and forces my eyes away from my feet .
tr	PAST	David pretended not to notice .
tr	PAST	" I received an email from a very special man this morning . "
tr	PRES	I sure wasn 't , as I recall .
tr	PAST	During the seven years of the strike , over three hundred thousand people flocked to California .
tr	PRES	He eventually stops laughing and somewhat surprisingly decides to give me the choice of what to do .
tr	PRES	The feasting leopard felt threatened , flashing its snarl , the two leopards hissing threats in muted roars as they began to parry in a circle .
tr	PAST	But he sensed these were tears of sorrow and loss , not of joy .
tr	PRES	Each time one of those things falls at your hand , that sacrifice will have more meaning . "
tr	PRES	All he 'd done was piss her off even more .
tr	PRES	" Don 't hurt me , " she begged .
tr	PAST	" There 's a stream up ahead where we can stop at and rest , " announced Sean riding up to the rest of them .
tr	PAST	Cece propped herself up on her elbows , not bothering to push back her hair as it fell in her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Your father screwed us both .
tr	PAST	I regarded him with mild disgust .
tr	PAST	I flinch a little at the bitterness in his voice .
tr	PRES	I snap my attention back to Dornan , who is smirking as he pounds numbers into a calculator with his long , thick fingers .
tr	PAST	The sun plunged into the sea .
tr	PRES	Everything remains as I left it .
tr	PAST	The burn subsided enough for Jake to speak .
tr	PAST	His enjoyment gratified her .
tr	PAST	Tiredness suddenly washed over me .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " Max mumbled , as he helped Tavi stagger towards the dining hall .
tr	PAST	Alexei announced that we were not going to be able to hide anymore .
tr	PRES	" The Stanford application . "
tr	PRES	She smiled at him , her eyes alight with love .
tr	PAST	He flicked back to the FAA emergency band .
tr	PRES	The situation falls I started to cross the road to bashful racing faster than I was able .
tr	PAST	Well ... that 'll make for interesting family reunions , " Lakin joked , bringing a smile to my face .
tr	PAST	Wanting to leave him and everything that went with him in the past , my movements became rushed , panicked almost , as our kiss intensified .
tr	PAST	No one can survive something like that mentally unscathed , especially not a child her age , yadda , yadda , " the Healer scoffed .
tr	PAST	He jabbed Daniel in the throat , causing him to fall to his knees , gasping for breath .
tr	PAST	He drugged both of them ? '
tr	PRES	She wears a blue ice suit from throat to boots holding her blue helmet .
tr	PRES	Several bats still wove around the stadium doing aerodynamic maneuvers .
tr	PAST	She replayed that last ill-fated meeting between them , imagining that she 'd done everything differently .
tr	PRES	The old man lets go of the boy 's chin and holds his hand out .
tr	PAST	He instructed him to come alone .
tr	PRES	Laurel remains by Thayer 's side through every second , her eyes glued to his face .
tr	PRES	He flinches at my glare and looks away quickly .
tr	PAST	Guilt smacked me hard .
tr	PAST	But she dared not utter them .
tr	PRES	The Grizzly stops here . "
tr	PRES	' As neither my apprentice nor my queen will introduce us it falls to us to be the civilised ones .
tr	PRES	Are you ok out here for a while ? "
tr	PAST	Devonshire hopped down from the fence and held a flagon up to the woman .
tr	PRES	" Elena wishes me to order Kaitlyn home . "
tr	PRES	Ms. Richards twitches her nose then looks down at the far end of the field before calling the coach .
tr	PRES	" And Lina ? "
tr	PAST	His deep , velvet voice rumbled through her and she decided she loved that too .
tr	PRES	" My original writings . "
tr	PAST	The saddlebags of the two horses revealed clothes , food , and a few coins .
tr	PRES	The sky opens up and it starts to rain .
tr	PRES	But she lets Hans take his tortured , crazy path .
tr	PAST	Don 's company transferred him to Spokane , and they left Pennsylvania after their honeymoon , vowing to visit often .
tr	PRES	Charles , always the observer , never considers he 's ever being observed .
tr	PRES	Up she pops , just when we need her . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I woke up in my bed back at Xavier 's palace and I had no idea how I 'd gotten there .
tr	PAST	After that , he hopped into the van and was off to the entertainment building to change clothes and wash off his makeup .
tr	PRES	" You guess not " he chuckles nastily .
tr	PAST	" It may be a good idea to take it easy for just a few days , " Julie advised .
tr	PRES	Sympathy shone on his face , and my heart lurched in the worst way .
tr	PRES	" Um , of course . "
tr	PRES	" Hm , very odd , not characteristic at all , the way he holds his tail .
tr	PRES	He tries to stand , but staggers and sits down on the bench instead .
tr	PRES	A smile creeps across her lips .
tr	PAST	He circled the table twice before he spoke .
tr	PRES	My fingers relax so that my palm connects with his back .
tr	PRES	His repulsive tongue creeps out and licks the drops away .
tr	PAST	Tears still overflowed his eyes , and were so abundant they wet the collar of his pajama shirt .
tr	PRES	" Make love to me , " she whispers against my lips .
tr	PAST	I piped up from the south part of the green .
tr	PAST	" Jericho , " Chloe 's voice buzzed in my helmet .
tr	PAST	I stomped out the small fire he 'd created in my stomach and ignored how cute his butt looked in his uniform .
tr	PAST	I swirled my h * ps and I could feel how swollen he was .
tr	PRES	" Well , hello there Katie .
tr	PAST	" Fine , " she lied .
tr	PRES	The shades of gray represent the other planets .
tr	PAST	Naomi provided an outlet .
tr	PAST	Your mother created the world she wanted to live in and she brought you up in it , but she never told you it was an illusion .
tr	PAST	The kid shook his head and glided off , one foot hooked into the snowboard bindings , the other pushing himself to the ski lift .
tr	PRES	And he loves me . "
tr	PRES	" It always begins and ends with a question . "
tr	PAST	" After you gut it , I 'll skin it for you , " Pitman announced .
tr	PRES	" Daniel , please come back , " she cal ed out , not wanting to be alone .
tr	PAST	Besides , he trusted his friend who apparently wasn 't interested in her .
tr	PRES	The smile immediately changes back again .
tr	PRES	He writer who live in New York . "
tr	PRES	Hit pushes to her feet , slamming a fist into her palm .
tr	PAST	I relayed the message .
tr	PRES	Blue fits my mood perfectly at this moment .
tr	PAST	I skipped supper and spent most of the evening trying to figure out why she was mad at me .
tr	PAST	When he 'd answered he 'd looked awful ; his face white under a medium tan , his body somehow crumpled .
tr	PRES	The shadow reaches for my arm and I jump back to a wall .
tr	PAST	Farther out , large lakes reflected their lamps , revealing the shadows of darker islands .
tr	PAST	She froze the smaller objects in place .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	I told him no , " I mumbled into Cage 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	Holding her breath , Serena holds his gaze , trying to put off an air of composure .
tr	PRES	Despair fills me , and I scramble to think of some way to turn his own desire against him , but I cannot .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my finger and tries to stick it in his mouth .
tr	PRES	Then I peg the prints up on this line to dry .
tr	PRES	" So much drama in the families now ... so much testosterone , kind of chokes a man . "
tr	PRES	But no one buys that , the locker was moved into the basement when some guy in the forties hung himself in it .
tr	PRES	" Live for me , " he begged her .
tr	PAST	" Try to be a better partner , " he advised softly .
tr	PAST	Boone exclaimed in terror .
tr	PAST	Ferrero collapsed onto the couch .
tr	PAST	I unzipped the bag and started rummaging through it .
tr	PRES	Wore stubble on his face and reeked of the dairy .
tr	PAST	Then they untied their horses from the bushes and swung up into their saddles .
tr	PAST	She withdrew it from her handbag beneath the table .
tr	PRES	Go ahead Dr. " " Says here that you were bruised but not broken ; I presume that referred to your bones .
tr	PRES	" Part ... ice fey . "
tr	PRES	Adam opens the door .
tr	PRES	She never ... woke up from her coma . "
tr	PRES	She glances at me and the disappointment is momentarily replaced by a brief smile .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand and just holds it .
tr	PAST	Her arms enfolded him .
tr	PAST	But a smile tugged at his lips .
tr	PAST	Then he saluted Adelaide with his cup .
tr	PRES	He fills me , and transforms my body to a tingling extension of his .
tr	PAST	He eyed her with a solemnity that seemed almost sane .
tr	PRES	She cocked her head back and looked at Kylie , her brows twitching .
tr	PRES	Just as her knees began to grow weak , he pulled back , his breathing ragged .
tr	PAST	I adjusted myself and stifled another groan .
tr	PAST	He yawned out loud as he stretched his massive hands in the air .
tr	PAST	Well , she dumped him first and on that moment , it was his turn to dump her .
tr	PRES	The truck speeds past .
tr	PRES	And he begins to speak immediately .
tr	PAST	He reported that the attackers had already lost one of their ships and the rest were severely weakened and burnt out .
tr	PAST	He announced this while scanning the menu , which he then set aside .
tr	PAST	She doubted he 'd even seen Alex , through the blur that covered both eyes .
tr	PRES	" What ... " I mutter , as I feel something dig into my hip .
tr	PRES	Hailey 's hand slides down my chest to rest over my heart .
tr	PAST	She padded silently over to him ; the hardwood was cool against her bare feet .
tr	PRES	He picked his way over the rocks with ease , his jeans conveniently sticking to all the important parts .
tr	PAST	I realized they made a mistake and did away with the midwife I replaced in my stead .
tr	PRES	Did Beth steal him ? "
tr	PRES	Just some random vampire chick .
tr	PAST	Recovering from her surprise , she outlined what she wanted to do .
tr	PAST	Seconds before , Marco had stopped and seemed transfixed for a moment as though listening to something .
tr	PAST	Everything about her appealed .
tr	PAST	A hit of reality stole my breath again .
tr	PRES	A gruesome , oddly long , and green patterned snake washes through the thin flakes of sand about my feet .
tr	PRES	When he comes back he begins to clean Harlin 's arm , and Lucy enters with the first-aid kit .
tr	PRES	" Um ... " " Dreamer , you didn 't tell me you was pregnant , " croaked Ted .
tr	PAST	I froze when I saw Derek , towing along a good number of the Elite behind him , pushing through the vampires ' lines .
tr	PAST	She acted like Ivy .
tr	PAST	Awkward silence hung over the entire group until Sofie simply turned and left , half stumbling , dejected , down the hall .
tr	PAST	His expression of disgust really bothered Jack .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , he just wanted to make sure you were okay , " she whispers , all hints of joking gone .
tr	PAST	She motioned her hand to show what she meant : him outside , and her safely inside .
tr	PAST	Before proper gossiping could begin , one of their maids announced that the Chancellor was outside and wished to speak with them .
tr	PAST	Steadily he circled the man in the center of the room , tied to a chair .
tr	PAST	" Last time I appealed to him man-to-man .
tr	PRES	The assault rifle rings throughout the shop and as the body of the fat walker falls to the ground .
tr	PAST	He abandoned the rest of his Filet o ' Fish .
tr	PAST	I circled to the right a little .
tr	PAST	Rock donned his backpack and threw one to Benji , who dutifully put it on .
tr	PAST	She attempted to speak , but the words never formed as she flinched and grabbed at her injury , uttering something unintelligible instead .
tr	PRES	He draws an arc back to a spot between the lines and writes 1986 above it .
tr	PRES	" The future of world commerce lies around the Pacific Rim , with the United States and China its twin financial pillars and major markets .
tr	PAST	We , humans , invented our own beauty .
tr	PRES	" Mmm , " he mumbled and his hands started moving over her body .
tr	PAST	" Just what I said , Barak .
tr	PAST	' Karen ... ' he reached over and took her hand , his mouth curved into a persuasive smile , ' ... forget David for a moment .
tr	PAST	Sea spray soaked her clothes , heightened the chill .
tr	PRES	" Don 't call me that , " I snap .
tr	PRES	He stands as well , upsetting the cat who protests loudly at being upended from her comfy perch .
tr	PRES	Sandy gravel crunches under my feet and brambles scratch my legs .
tr	PRES	If we stood side by side , arms brushing occasionally .
tr	PRES	" We didn 't do anything with her , lass .
tr	PAST	Now that she 'd raised the specter of his uncle 's odd behavior , her notion lingered in his mind .
tr	PAST	" Back in 1774 , a major section of the catacombs collapsed , swallowing up several streets and killing lots o ' people .
tr	PAST	He tugged her close again , kissing her forehead , her nose , the corner of her mouth .
tr	PAST	Gratton taps his fingers on the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	It also shrank to a micro size .
tr	PAST	Hillier pondered for a moment , studying the table for inspiration before looking up again hopefully .
tr	PAST	A gust of fresh night air caressed over her with a much-needed cleansing freshness .
tr	PRES	" Or bury the meaning . "
tr	PAST	In the small hours of the night , his MIL finally beeped out .
tr	PRES	" Cold winds in these parts .
tr	PRES	On his shoulder the man holds an ancient camcorder with celluloid film , exactly alike the one displayed in the multimedia museum of Sydney .
tr	PAST	He skipped over my boobs to stroke the sensitive skin on the undersides of my arms .
tr	PAST	Naturally , my ambitions and battle against the baron complicated things , and also occupied me . "
tr	PAST	Seeing this , his grin faltered , and an infinite sadness replaced it .
tr	PAST	The why and how ceased to matter in his mind .
tr	PAST	And she proved to have a surprisingly good head for business -- she 's done a fine job of managing his estates ever since he died . "
tr	PAST	Danny proved that . "
tr	PAST	My body jolted as the gates to the mansion opened .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me . "
tr	PRES	Rayne sets the package of food on the floor , then brings her hands to the sea urchin jar , one of Serena 's experiments .
tr	PAST	Something about this stranger and his hoarse voice unsettled the former Northland Marauder .
tr	PRES	A sweet fragrance reaches my nose .
tr	PRES	She points a finger at the bed .
tr	PAST	Ava hollered out to him from his kitchen .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand to shake his .
tr	PRES	Cuts to the face and scalp bleed . "
tr	PRES	The body of the Sentinel lies on the floor of the hallway .
tr	PAST	Al boomed from across the restaurant .
tr	PAST	At the same time , she sensed James hesitate beside her .
tr	PAST	When our arms touched , she uttered a terrified gasp and hastily scooted away .
tr	PRES	" Wasn 't your aunt caring for your mom ? "
tr	PAST	" No one , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Astrid scoffed and looked up the crowd .
tr	PAST	My pulse steadied as I spotted Max and Zella across the room .
tr	PRES	" Dad , it 's me , Allie .
tr	PRES	We both lean forward too , neither of us breathing as we strain to hear .
tr	PAST	He positively glowed in the early afternoon sunlight , and there was no way he could look Daisy in the eye .
tr	PRES	A blond girl frowns at me .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth but it only hangs there , whatever words are sitting on her tongue left unspoken as hesitation swims in her eyes .
tr	PAST	And long , " she yawned .
tr	PRES	He mumbled through the cigar .
tr	PRES	The thing he loves the most , besides his binoculars .
tr	PAST	Therefore , instantly , she reported , " I 've given them coffee and bagels , told them you called and explained your delay . "
tr	PRES	A women in white brings me a bottle of water and an apple .
tr	PRES	Plus , Dad sees me every day , all day long at the office . "
tr	PRES	Pam laughs and the cheery facade returns .
tr	PAST	It curved gently , making a semicircle .
tr	PAST	Interestingly enough , Sam caved in first .
tr	PRES	Don 't take the bait of the illusion of the perfect choice it offers .
tr	PRES	" Then lets see it in action ! "
tr	PAST	At that same moment , the horizon behind the hill exploded with the black shapes of winged creatures .
tr	PAST	When he reached for her , briars jabbed and tore at his skin .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth to hold back a groan .
tr	PAST	He stated barely getting the word out around the laughter that he was trying to swallow .
tr	PRES	Carla passes me a bottle of beer .
tr	PRES	Will 's mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	" What brings you down here ? "
tr	PAST	Pete dumped the empties in the garbage and took another beer for himself .
tr	PRES	Declan 's eyebrow arches with appreciation .
tr	PRES	I 'm looking at him through a tunnel with images of my dreams flashing around me , the pain intensifies and everything fades to black . "
tr	PRES	He stares but can 't seem to find his voice , so I lead him to a bench .
tr	PAST	His fingers massaged her body .
tr	PRES	" Let me go you bit ... " Zeke hisses fighting against the vines .
tr	PAST	Bum regained his composure .
tr	PAST	I doubted that he was cool with leaving my side for long stretches of time .
tr	PAST	He flung his hood back revealing a lifeless face with a sunken visage shrouded in a pasty pall .
tr	PRES	He bolts past me .
tr	PRES	The boy I used to be stands beside me , shaking his head at the mess I 've made of my life .
tr	PAST	Gabe flicked him with the end of his towel like he used to do when they were kids .
tr	PAST	His body matched hers heat for heat , flame for flame .
tr	PRES	' Classic valve failure .
tr	PAST	She claimed they were friendly with all who attended her club .
tr	PAST	Auron feared to dismount the bull and burn in the fire , but the creatures themselves did not seemed affected by it .
tr	PAST	Taking the chair opposite the sofa , he regarded her with hooded eyes .
tr	PAST	I cringed , trying not to remember any more than I had to .
tr	PRES	" Wear these at all times , even though they 're just a precaution : the alarms trigger automatically if life-support conditions go below optimum .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up , and I look into a pair of light blue eyes that burn with an unholy light .
tr	PAST	He collapsed and appeared almost lethargic as the tears stopped and his whole body began to shiver .
tr	PRES	Satisfy lust only as much as we were willing to be satisfied .
tr	PAST	He smiled at the young woman sitting quietly in the other chair , then extended his hand .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up .
tr	PRES	I add , and she grins back at me .
tr	PAST	With a horizontal slash he split the face of one beast , transitioned to an overhead slash and brought his blade down on the skull of another .
tr	PRES	She stands in the dark , looking at her feet , for a very long time .
tr	PAST	She wriggled for freedom , but he kept her held tight , stabbing his tongue around her pulsing clit .
tr	PRES	Surprised , I fel back in the chair in silence .
tr	PRES	He points to the benches beyond me toward the door .
tr	PAST	You trusted Him , and he has made you whole again .
tr	PAST	Mariel reached out to him , her hand resting lightly on his biceps .
tr	PRES	Nothing ' external ' helps .
tr	PRES	Crazy pastry chef collects prisoners like keepsakes and tortures them with the smell of chicken poop .
tr	PAST	After some time , they emerged from the trees to climb a long slope that grew steeper as they followed it .
tr	PRES	Pulling through the apartment gates , I wove through the complex and parked in my space .
tr	PRES	He caught her face , his hands gentleness and persuasion itself .
tr	PAST	Her grip on the gun stiffened .
tr	PAST	Magnus doubted he had been doing much sleeping ; his face was marked with sleepless nights .
tr	PRES	He stops at the foot .
tr	PAST	I limped over to the first cab in line and got a short ride back to my hotel .
tr	PAST	My fingers came across a gooey patch of skin that hurt so terribly , my hand bounced off as if were attached to a bow .
tr	PAST	She scrambled around the vanity in her dressing room , dusted a little powder on her face , and a little blush after that .
tr	PRES	Max 's diabetes supplies !
tr	PAST	With a last look at Veronique 's portrait , I dove to Ileana 's side .
tr	PAST	" And Rebecca Richards , too .
tr	PAST	As for Haidar , his reptilian genes no doubt protected him from injury .
tr	PRES	Sleeping , " I mumbled groggily .
tr	PAST	Probably a date with a model , " Laci joked .
tr	PRES	The distant hissing of an activated smoke grenade .
tr	PAST	Kaden flicked Max a quick glance .
tr	PAST	Liam stiffened , turning his head to glare at his companion .
tr	PAST	Her stomach shrank at the waitress 's words .
tr	PAST	She slapped my hand away , her expression desperate as she retreated into herself .
tr	PRES	" All right , Heavens .
tr	PRES	Something , " she begged .
tr	PAST	He denied the whole thing of course and the police were never able to find anything so they dropped the case . "
tr	PAST	He stopped in front of the door , his features schooled into neutrality .
tr	PRES	Pip arches her eyebrows , simultaneously amused and despairing .
tr	PAST	I sniffed and reached up to wipe the tears away .
tr	PAST	Even if it takes one of those souls a ridiculously long time to come around and admit how he feels . "
tr	PRES	My heart slows as the moment starts to dissolve .
tr	PRES	We sing to her and she blows out the candle sticking crooked out of the complimentary slice of flan .
tr	PRES	Only a dozen projectiles to start .
tr	PRES	Outside , a bright sun pushes through the clouds .
tr	PAST	His expression sobered , though , when he turned to Archer .
tr	PAST	" Uh , uh , uh , " Eustace taunted while placing his knife against Jimmy 's throat .
tr	PRES	" Grumpy as bears .
tr	PAST	He shuffled the papers .
tr	PAST	She hacked , and looked for somewhere to spit .
tr	PAST	The glass in the front window shattered at a blow from the sledgehammer , which was swung by Angry Dude .
tr	PAST	She joked that maybe old girlfriends would be a good place to start .
tr	PAST	His tail wagged fiercely , striking Gray in the shoulder .
tr	PAST	One of his hands inched around to my wet center .
tr	PRES	" I can 't , " Benson begged off .
tr	PAST	" But I 'm tired , " she lied .
tr	PAST	The night porter dialed 911 from the desk phone and then went out through the fire door to take a look .
tr	PRES	It pays to do business with them . "
tr	PRES	Resuming his march toward the church , he hears the guard land in the moat behind him with a loud splash .
tr	PRES	Page one , photo two , sixteen black Hunters in a perfect diamond formation .
tr	PRES	Very cloak and dagger ! "
tr	PAST	My stomach churned and I focused all my energy to keep from vomiting .
tr	PAST	" Tell me , " Christie urged , and edged slightly forward , eager for the tiniest bit of information .
tr	PRES	I march past Jeff and Bryan , the two bull dog bouncers who watch over the private rooms .
tr	PRES	Carter stands up and throws a few take-out cartons away .
tr	PAST	He jolted upright as he woke .
tr	PAST	she countered , folding her arms over her chest and examining her nails .
tr	PAST	Alex stormed out of the bathroom , leaving Lauren gazing at the spot where her sister had just been .
tr	PRES	The Atlantic Ocean washes her north shore and the Sea of Abaco her south side .
tr	PAST	My mother clutched her chalk in her hands , fine yellowish powder coating her fingertips .
tr	PRES	" First of all , it bleeds .
tr	PRES	Timothy stops for a moment and composes himself after walking a tense gauntlet .
tr	PRES	" And what kind of videos ? "
tr	PRES	A man bursts into the room , behind the alien .
tr	PRES	Cricket pushes a napkin toward me to blow my nose .
tr	PRES	He loves me , and all of the arrogance in the world isn 't going to change that .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her .
tr	PRES	' Oh ... my God , ' she half giggles , then hops off the railing and spins around to face me .
tr	PAST	" Slow winds , but fast enough to pick up very small particles on the surface and whip them up in to thick clouds .
tr	PAST	The one-eighth of her that Case calculated was Osage lent her skin a warm glow -- like a drop of coffee in cream .
tr	PAST	It bore no logo or brand name .
tr	PAST	They arose from one genetic line .
tr	PAST	" I 've chosen already , Peter , " stated Sandra .
tr	PRES	" OK , ok , ok .
tr	PAST	It required a surrender , to try such a thing .
tr	PAST	Aria massaged Noel 's forearm .
tr	PAST	Inez shrank back into the cushioned seat , feeling like a cornered cat .
tr	PRES	" Lance , Quinton here , " a happy but deep voice announces in his ear .
tr	PAST	Even though I was trying to move on , it still bothered me .
tr	PAST	A further search revealed nothing else of consequence .
tr	PAST	Colt adjusted his John Deere hat and I could tell he was uneasy about running around naked the last time he lost one of Ty 's bets .
tr	PRES	He attempts to move his king out of check .
tr	PRES	" I donor faint . "
tr	PRES	Elder Simms snaps in a pensive state as if trying to find a solution .
tr	PAST	The house itself shook , rattling the windows like an explosion .
tr	PRES	It opens silently beneath my hand .
tr	PAST	He grunted through the words .
tr	PAST	A warning growl rumbled in his chest and throat .
tr	PRES	Go wash the mud pack off your face .
tr	PRES	Although she 'd never imagined one of them cursing at her while shaking his bleeding hand in an accusing fashion .
tr	PRES	I snuck over to it and pulled back the cloth so I could take a peek .
tr	PAST	" I don 't like you in the bathtub , " he stated plainly , as if that should clear everything up .
tr	PAST	When he reached the final finger , he lingered , tasting the sweetness of the mallow and the saltiness of her skin .
tr	PRES	As I reach Kayla , Andrew reaches Nicholas .
tr	PRES	" I assume it was a prisoner , yes ?
tr	PAST	He stuffed a towel in his mouth .
tr	PAST	Emerson 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	The birds danced and sang as the end of the day approached and their energy rifled through me .
tr	PRES	An extremely tidy and organized one . "
tr	PRES	She reaches two and whispers to herself , push the chair back .
tr	PAST	In the evenings , Sage instructed the new men to use their guns and told them what to expect in the event of an Indian attack .
tr	PAST	They reversed positions two or three times before the larger of the two fought his way onto the top of the other .
tr	PAST	He bolts over and spins me in a circle .
tr	PRES	" Or , well , she likes the idea of you .
tr	PAST	Her face was turned up toward his , her soft mouth curved with laughter , in no way intimidated by him .
tr	PAST	I squinted and read a few more paragraphs .
tr	PRES	" Minister Drake ! "
tr	PAST	Sam stiffened and sat up .
tr	PAST	But one little sheet advertised A Week in Winter and promised a warm , welcoming house and miles of sand and cliffs and wild birds .
tr	PRES	Sleep until dawn then move out . "
tr	PRES	She snuck up until she could see the Assassins again .
tr	PAST	He lent his head in close to Stuart 's chest .
tr	PAST	They faked an accident to try to get rid of her .
tr	PRES	He tries to tug the demon loose .
tr	PRES	He stands there , uncertain .
tr	PRES	" In isolation at the county jail . "
tr	PRES	Being in this hospital with Aimee brings back painful childhood memories .
tr	PAST	The four men reappeared along the length of the wall together and brought up short stubby guns .
tr	PRES	" You belong here with me . "
tr	PRES	" Please , Sir , " I plead .
tr	PRES	The young woman blushes and smiles to herself .
tr	PAST	Aunt Celia swirled the wine in her glass for a second before drinking it .
tr	PAST	I straddled him , our bodies fitting together effortlessly .
tr	PRES	" Just callin ' it like I see it , Babe .
tr	PRES	" No , it 's not a coincidence , " Benjamin states .
tr	PAST	* * * He washed off the pearls carefully , running soap and water over the necklace , then drying it off with a cotton towel .
tr	PRES	The song plays in my head , pure notes of hunger .
tr	PAST	She feared if she opened them the baby would be there .
tr	PAST	Ethan hooked his arm around her waist , pulling her towards him , and she flattened her hands against his chest .
tr	PRES	We settle on a design using only her black costumes , and she collects the others to take home .
tr	PAST	That bastard really messed her up . "
tr	PRES	The man rises slowly to his feet bowing for a moment before bringing his sword to the ready .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah , better than me . "
tr	PAST	He whipped the sweatshirt hood off his head and dusted snow from impossibly broad shoulders .
tr	PRES	She mumbled as loud as she dared , " I do not want to discuss that with you . "
tr	PAST	" He is nice , " Beth announced firmly , releasing her hair to fall in long waves around her shoulders .
tr	PAST	The warm aroma of spiced aftershave assaulted her senses , heightening her awareness of the man standing in the entryway .
tr	PRES	I pump my arms as I run .
tr	PAST	Zo exited her bedroom with a cup of Ovaltine and headed to the living room .
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , Gab ? "
tr	PRES	" You probably don 't remember me , " she begins the confrontation .
tr	PRES	" Same sauce for both , " she answers , " and yes , they 're loving it .
tr	PRES	As we walk , the texture of the dirt beneath our feet begins to shift .
tr	PAST	They trusted him more than each other .
tr	PRES	I could always just swim there .
tr	PAST	Visions of all the boats he had built , or fished on , or coveted floated through his mind .
tr	PRES	' Jesus Christ , ' she sighs , and covers her eyes with her hand , shaking her head .
tr	PRES	The magic flared in my blood , making it boil beneath my skin .
tr	PRES	The girl never lets herself cry , even when her mom died .
tr	PAST	He prayed the shooter kept his focus on the SUV .
tr	PRES	His nose brushes against mine , and his warm breath washes across my cheek .
tr	PAST	Ashby jerked against his ties , lurching slightly forward .
tr	PRES	" You don 't need her , Bradshaw , " I mutter at my reflection , and my stomach knots at the words .
tr	PRES	They were relatively alone , the upper floors of the parking garage sparse at the human lunch hour .
tr	PRES	You belong with me ! "
tr	PRES	He glances down at my name tag , and I weakly move to cover it with my hand .
tr	PRES	" The current judgment only holds until there is a real testing .
tr	PAST	Colt advised him to finish the job .
tr	PRES	They probably assume that Venture has been stockpiling weapons . "
tr	PAST	And I slapped her !
tr	PAST	Interpol received a tip that Valmont had been seen at the airport here . "
tr	PRES	" Got ta jet , " I tel the girls before turning to run out onto the field .
tr	PAST	Now take a seat , " she urged .
tr	PRES	I have detected that dock doors are sealing and all personnel are exiting the surrounding area , " Warrior explains simply .
tr	PRES	" You a cop ? "
tr	PRES	Although Soleil may not like River , she definitely likes when he likes her .
tr	PAST	I exhaled slowly through my mouth and listened to the wind whistling through the boughs .
tr	PAST	" You ambushed me and tried to rob me .
tr	PAST	Sharon 's chilling gaze bore into Emily 's .
tr	PAST	Lori regarded her for a minute .
tr	PRES	" And run smack into the abbess herself ? "
tr	PAST	A gigantic , circular bed draped in royal blue satin crouched beneath a domed skylight that glowed with the last tendrils of twilight .
tr	PRES	Everybody always wears green , the same color of their lush surroundings . "
tr	PRES	" Okay , " Detective Lewis sighs .
tr	PRES	Kel 's new friend stands behind him looking just as defeated , causing me to immediately regret the transference of my bad mood .
tr	PRES	I assume there is a connection somewhere here ? "
tr	PRES	She hates her voice .
tr	PRES	" Are you asking me or telling me , Rick ? "
tr	PAST	His voice caressed her ears , making her shudder again .
tr	PAST	I shrieked and batted it away .
tr	PRES	When she raises her right hand to wipe her eyes , Verity lets out a small gasp .
tr	PRES	She wears black and has lots of piercings ? "
tr	PRES	The Source guides us mysteriously . "
tr	PRES	I shout her name , and she coughs again , this time more blood .
tr	PAST	Her eyebrows pinched together .
tr	PRES	My promise brings Olivia 's arms around me in a quick hug .
tr	PAST	Her body wept with need for this complex , beautiful man between her legs .
tr	PRES	" Okay , we both screwed up .
tr	PAST	Not a few seconds later , gunfire exploded from out of the distant woods .
tr	PRES	Bob sighs , " I never wanted kids , Frankie .
tr	PRES	Then he opens the door and ushers them in .
tr	PRES	Her facial expression changes and she is staring at me .
tr	PRES	I chuckle at that , and my dick moves inside her .
tr	PAST	John collected powers the way Abraham collected victims .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet , then shove my way through the people as the soldiers gather to inspect the burst tire of their truck .
tr	PRES	Even after the pustules are spent and the swelling dissolves , a permanent wound remains where the growth once was .
tr	PAST	Relief lightened some of Rio 's edginess .
tr	PRES	I HAVE NO IDEA .
tr	PRES	" No , you silly fool ! "
tr	PRES	His voice loses inflection but it 's still threaded with curiosity .
tr	PAST	" When I tell her I 'll handle something , I mean I 'll handle it , " I attempted to explain quickly .
tr	PRES	Because no one can hurt you quite like someone who says he loves you .
tr	PAST	His breathing faltered , and he looked around on his floor , then saw his inhaler on his nightstand and grabbed it .
tr	PAST	Preston adjusted the rearview mirror to see Max 's eyes widen .
tr	PRES	' Have you never fished , Arnold ? '
tr	PRES	A the tattoo parlor ? "
tr	PRES	She stops dead when she notices the open doorway .
tr	PRES	He and Hannah sell certain pieces out of the lobby of her photography studio . "
tr	PAST	She schooled her breathing , focused her mind , imagined drawing up the power in her , then releasing it on a long , quiet breath .
tr	PAST	In the distance the pig shrieked as it tried to squeeze through a hole in the fence .
tr	PAST	Adani tugged at his collar .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , they still bore the tags .
tr	PRES	Damien hears of this !
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I urge , dragging him after me as I head us towards the back side of the church .
tr	PRES	He favored me with the kind of expression most people reserve for idiot children .
tr	PRES	Detective Lewis glances at his partner .
tr	PAST	But another issue bothered me even more .
tr	PRES	Adrenaline pulses through me , and I 'm able to , not only push him off me , but toss him well into the air .
tr	PAST	I fling it open , never expecting to see Alec Brand standing on the other side of it .
tr	PRES	Her vows ... " He gestured uncertainly .
tr	PAST	You just negotiated the terms .
tr	PAST	he joked , but the bespectacled , straight-faced doctor didn 't seem to be one for a sense of humor .
tr	PAST	The spell unraveled , and he wrapped me in a giant hug that lifted me off my feet .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure we 're not taking this a little too far , lad ? "
tr	PAST	Faye stormed into the empty locker room , which smelt like sweat and perfume .
tr	PAST	" Lila , I - " She 'd held up her hand , silencing me .
tr	PAST	' I know someone 's there , ' Dobson persisted .
tr	PAST	Alone and lost in a world capable of infinite evil , her body as easily hurt and invaded , her life as easily destroyed .
tr	PAST	I zoned out as Sven gave the bartender our drink orders .
tr	PAST	Then the woman mopped at the bar , and things shifted back .
tr	PAST	I sobbed in gasps as he held me , my heart aching so bad I wanted to pull it out to make it stop .
tr	PRES	Maybe some nudie rags to look at and pass the time .
tr	PRES	His hand slides between my legs and cups my sex , finding me desperately wet .
tr	PAST	Queen Selene cocked her head , listening intently .
tr	PRES	" But - " " I know , sweetie .
tr	PRES	Six lets me go , suddenly looking sheepish .
tr	PRES	I writhe , my hands reaching down to fist his hair and hold him against me .
tr	PRES	Then he saw large silicon tubes filled with water and dark , Merrow shapes swimming through them .
tr	PAST	" Oh my God , " I exclaimed as I put my hand over my mouth .
tr	PAST	He clasped his palms together and stared at me like he had at the car earlier ; he gazed right through me .
tr	PAST	I clutched Ares to my chest .
tr	PRES	" You have humiliated me , " he hisses .
tr	PAST	He sniffed it cautiously for a moment before taking it with surprising gentleness , considering his obvious lack of food , from my hand .
tr	PAST	She adjusted it so it rested high on his shoulders and he could catch her scent .
tr	PRES	Her gaze falls on Kai .
tr	PAST	The words emerged as a tortured whisper .
tr	PAST	If it real y interests you , " he countered , his voice dripping with sarcasm .
tr	PRES	Suddenly my confusion clears and I yank my arm from Abe , backing up .
tr	PAST	Edwina adjusted her position , turning her body slightly so she could study Luna .
tr	PRES	" Why , if I didn 't know better , I 'd say you sound jealous about that , " she teased .
tr	PRES	She just never stops until she saves them .
tr	PRES	He slowly rises from his bed .
tr	PRES	The earth once more breathes hope . "
tr	PRES	I had presents to unwrap .
tr	PRES	The kid pays Max , then steps aside while Max goes to fill his order .
tr	PRES	She stares into my eyes , and then her gaze drops to my lips and moves back up .
tr	PRES	And the way he 's looking at me , so warm , so caring , sky rockets my emotions out into the stratosphere .
tr	PRES	His attention skates back up to my face and he smirks .
tr	PAST	She handled life stressors in a very destructive way .
tr	PRES	Once we reach the shore , he slams to a stop .
tr	PAST	She acted as if Rachel was really a ghost that was haunting people .
tr	PAST	To feel her nails scoring his back as he made her scream in release .
tr	PRES	I lean in , lowering my voice .
tr	PRES	Just awakening in startling pain , cramped and feeling liquid gush as I ran to the toilet .
tr	PRES	When we 're like this the rest of the world fades away and everything is perfect .
tr	PAST	Sam sniffed and turned away so she could wipe her arm across her face .
tr	PRES	Girls ' blood always tastes sweeter , especially when they 're young . "
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" I will , baby doll . "
tr	PAST	" Ted 's coming by this afternoon , " Catherine announced , studying Joy carefully .
tr	PRES	" But not until after she kills you . "
tr	PAST	Confused for a moment , Chris scampered after him .
tr	PRES	Sun , sea , surf and sand , eh ? '
tr	PAST	" Gym , " she lied poorly .
tr	PAST	Carefully , from under a small pile of rocks , he extracted a finely crafted wooden chest .
tr	PRES	The valve stems didn 't need replacing .
tr	PAST	They extended about twice as far up as they did across .
tr	PRES	No one likes it when Mom 's sad . "
tr	PAST	" Breakfast , your Majesty , " the servant announced firmly , drawing the curtains open and tying them back .
tr	PRES	She tastes sweet , but slightly salty like tears .
tr	PAST	It caressed at his strong body , seeing if he was up to scratch .
tr	PRES	Staring down at it for a moment , Xander then begins to call out the numbers , one after another .
tr	PAST	He scooted his chair out from behind his desk , the wheels squeaking annoyingly as he did so , until he too was facing the blackboard .
tr	PRES	A sly grin slides on my face .
tr	PAST	He slapped my ass lightly .
tr	PAST	She crawled into the healing soil and sank deep , then curled up and cried as though her heart was breaking .
tr	PRES	The wild look eases from the man 's face , and relief smooths out the furrows in his forehead .
tr	PAST	" Oh , my , " auntie exclaimed , " Wow . "
tr	PAST	She flattened her palm against his chest , exactly as she 'd wanted to do all these months while watching him .
tr	PAST	George served himself last and sat down .
tr	PAST	Hal riveted his gaze to the scene before them , not trusting himself to speak .
tr	PRES	" What career ? "
tr	PAST	" I reported her missing two days later . "
tr	PRES	It snaps at me many times .
tr	PRES	If you will provide the funds and a small salary . "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to listen briefly , and then he bent and stole a surprise kiss before leaving the room .
tr	PRES	The sensation that I dread , the tingling between my skin and muscles , crawls over me .
tr	PRES	" We overreacted . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , but after a few moments , she allowed it , continuing along the street .
tr	PAST	The winged creature flapped its great leathery wings in graceful arcs as it slid though the blue sky above .
tr	PRES	Viola stops and there 's only the river and my Noise .
tr	PAST	A gremlin crouched on the pulleys near the top of the roof , slanted eyes glowing in the dark .
tr	PAST	She giggled and waved her hand to me , exiting my room .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know what she 's said to you , " he snaps quickly .
tr	PRES	He lays the cover over me , and reaches over and switches the lamp off , plunging us into darkness .
tr	PRES	Good for blood flow . "
tr	PAST	My fingers persisted on the keys as the last bit of restraint broke away inside me and I began to weep .
tr	PAST	The Prince motioned for them to follow him through .
tr	PRES	When she 's pushed too hard , she talks in her sleep . "
tr	PRES	" Is there something you wish to ask me , Rafe ? "
tr	PRES	It pays to own one , I guess , even if it is just to let your friend borrow it in a fashion emergency .
tr	PRES	" I mean , I felt ... inadequate .
tr	PRES	" The egg , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	' Don 't come here again , Laura .
tr	PRES	Robbie holds up the morning newspaper .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	She clutched a teddy bear to her chest and looked nervously up at them .
tr	PRES	When Timothy finally exits , he sees that some of the students have stopped .
tr	PAST	I pitched on our softball team in high school , and I was beyond pissed off when they wouldn 't let me play baseball .
tr	PRES	Bleak discouragement fills me , for if there is one man , I know in my bones there must be others .
tr	PAST	Roller skating with church kids one month , doing drugs with criminals and losers the next .
tr	PAST	He exhaled heavily and shook his head .
tr	PRES	" You were also thinking about the hospital , " she murmurs .
tr	PAST	" Ohhhhhh , " the voice said sadly , " oh that hurts , " the voice quieted .
tr	PAST	Then , without opening it , he swiped it across his forehead .
tr	PAST	Dagmar ran , her memory of the Dark Plains maps she 'd created for herself leading her .
tr	PRES	" Well , I um ... ran into Asher at the nursing home when I was visiting his grandmother and he asked me to meet him . "
tr	PRES	Rain instantly begins to drip onto Armando 's head .
tr	PAST	Above , the stars twinkled endlessly .
tr	PRES	Most definitely not something they teach you about during your driving theory test .
tr	PAST	You cost me a lot of power , and now I 'm taking that power back . "
tr	PRES	' Don 't worry , Private .
tr	PAST	The sign of a newly turned vampire , " Kait scorned , her bright orange mouth twisted with distaste .
tr	PRES	" Honey implants ? "
tr	PRES	The man likes his snack cakes . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed at me , huge in her face , in the darkness a few inches from me .
tr	PAST	Adrien 's voice in her mind , as well as two bodies she could savor and enjoy , strengthened her rising need .
tr	PRES	" And she loves it .
tr	PAST	As one they saluted the wizard with their weapons and charged forward with a yell .
tr	PAST	As I was writing more I prayed that my pen would not run out like last time .
tr	PRES	" No , alas , she belongs to another , Dottie .
tr	PRES	She wears similar clothes , and her face is pitiless although there is a lot of beauty there too .
tr	PAST	Rockdale tried to detain him , grabbing an arm , but John wheeled on him , fists balled .
tr	PAST	Dougie tugged at her skirts .
tr	PAST	Lament of a different kind pierced through the silence .
tr	PAST	And when I jolted awake , my hand grappled with it , half expecting to feel a scar .
tr	PRES	A man marches up to me .
tr	PAST	He then extended his other hand , the scared one , palm up .
tr	PAST	" I stole her bag while she was at my house , then loaded these onto a flash drive . "
tr	PRES	She remembers me before my Leon beard - I imagine it 's been over a decade .
tr	PRES	But he rarely visits her , and from what I can gather , he 's rather distant . "
tr	PRES	I pump once , twice and then release into her , filling her .
tr	PRES	You ruined us so long ago and your family has used us as servants ever since .
tr	PRES	Storm slides up behind her with Dan hanging onto her arm , laughing .
tr	PAST	Pain catapulted through my head with the movement , repercussions from the poolside vodka .
tr	PAST	He slowed down anyway .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out so early in the morning ? "
tr	PRES	The ground begins to shake again , and I feel the wall against my back shaking , too .
tr	PAST	Unable to stand his parents ' oddity anymore , Gera withdrew from home early .
tr	PAST	Even the elevator 's chime reflected the intended period .
tr	PRES	The conviction in his voice alarms me .
tr	PRES	Silence creeps through it .
tr	PAST	His face blanched as he read , the muscles in his jaw twitching .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around me and pulls me in tight .
tr	PRES	I looked at him , my amusement slowly fading .
tr	PRES	Knowing how to get even with them , he teased , " Have you chosen their husbands yet , dad ? "
tr	PAST	Terrible squealing revealed that a small mouse or squirrel had just become dinner .
tr	PAST	Paul mourned for her and wished again that he had found her earlier .
tr	PAST	Smoke rose up from everywhere I bothered to look .
tr	PAST	We have chased down some suspicious boats but have turned up nothing .
tr	PRES	" Sir Blakely ? "
tr	PRES	" I love you , Isaiah .
tr	PRES	She refuses to look at the destruction .
tr	PRES	" Only crack ? "
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze for a few infinitely long seconds before he pulls a gun out of his jacket pocket .
tr	PRES	Only my faithful servant sees me in my real form . "
tr	PRES	And she approaches it , taking small , cautionary steps as though something in the back of her mind is warning her to stay away .
tr	PAST	Thirteen Kurt exited the cab and stood on the curb in front of the Bull and Gate .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Parker reentered the dining room with the second course of the meal .
tr	PRES	The stranger embraces me .
tr	PRES	I differ from everybody . "
tr	PAST	His knees bounced up and down .
tr	PRES	" This certainly changes things , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	Lil ian 's mouth pul ed to the side , disappointed .
tr	PAST	The rush of emotion in his chest replaced the pain .
tr	PAST	The drab setting and dimly-lit room proved to be rather depressing .
tr	PRES	A tight wheeze creeps into her breathing .
tr	PRES	Annabelle 's robe was ripped to shreds , her neck gaping open .
tr	PAST	I just never acted on it . "
tr	PAST	I cringed and jerked my arm away .
tr	PRES	A small sound as if a sniffle announces itself .
tr	PAST	Minutes later , he flicked the hooks free at the back of my bra and tugged the straps down my arms .
tr	PAST	The TV screen glowed to life .
tr	PRES	Then , " Ah , " then " Mmm . "
tr	PRES	" When I was twelve .
tr	PAST	He attempted to stand , but the pain was too great .
tr	PAST	She inched backward in an obvious attempt to put more space between them .
tr	PRES	Good guys value tenderness for the civility it provides families and society towards greater peace and happiness .
tr	PAST	I caressed her cheeks and stared up at her , wondering how I had gotten so lucky .
tr	PRES	Mr. Preston opens the French door into the living room , and I follow the moms into the spacious room with the high vaulted ceilings .
tr	PAST	" You 'd better , " she taunted a little more .
tr	PAST	Finally , after it docked , the crew of the vessel exited , nodding to the captain as they were unloading their catch .
tr	PAST	She went to sit on the hood of her Porsche , her face dejected .
tr	PRES	Feeling cooler moving air helps . "
tr	PAST	Marwan motioned to Aiden to be silent and to follow his lead .
tr	PRES	' Never pays to overdo it . '
tr	PAST	Her golden gown boomed outwards at the bottom and its bodice was embroidered with a dragon .
tr	PAST	I haven 't , " he lied .
tr	PRES	" Even better , " she teased , but when she leaned in to kiss him , her cell phone suddenly chimed to life .
tr	PAST	The interior walls served as a canvas , projecting animated motions of the room 's stationary objects .
tr	PAST	She giggled over something another woman in her vicinity said , her tinny laugh piercing Mark 's ear .
tr	PAST	Some cheered , some punched one another , but everyone tried to push their way to the middle to see what was going on .
tr	PAST	The sight of the vehicle wreckage triggered my only memory of the blast , when we fired at the truck and it blew up .
tr	PRES	" How about eighteen being the average life expectancy of a refugee kid ? "
tr	PAST	The look of surprise on his face probably matched the one on mine .
tr	PAST	The caller 's name glowed on the screen .
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss Marshall .
tr	PAST	" Once warned twice burned , " the smallest of the runners piped .
tr	PRES	The Dor infused the entire city , making stone and wood shine as if some quiet flame were burning within . "
tr	PAST	" Hi , " Ilona 's voice wavered .
tr	PRES	Today , my legs throb as if I 'm climbing a mountain .
tr	PRES	Mr. White likes to play it safe . "
tr	PAST	For something both glorious and mystifying still awaited us .
tr	PRES	As an example to prove my point , his concept of foreplay amounts to little more than , ' in the pickup Bitch ' . "
tr	PAST	He urged his mount forward , past a grove of apple trees , and spotted the lit window of his destination through the darkness .
tr	PRES	" You 're such a rebel , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	As they moved towards the desks a hooded and robed figure stepped out of an elevator and looked around slowly , eyes finally resting on Jared .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , but they cleaned it up . "
tr	PAST	" I think we should throw a Halloween party here , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Every time there 's mention of the devil , it 's circled .
tr	PAST	Marcus extended his hand and William clasped it firmly .
tr	PRES	" Say thank you , Ryan , for you sage advice , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He guides my hands to do His will . "
tr	PRES	" Your competition learns that this one person is developing the product and makes this person an offer they can 't refuse .
tr	PRES	Could you describe her ? "
tr	PRES	Unable to accept it , I shine the light from Cressida 's gun down the shaft .
tr	PRES	But she likes to play the drums and paint .
tr	PAST	I protected her . "
tr	PAST	The remaining bombers unleashed a volley of rockets with glowing yellow warheads and whitish yellow tails .
tr	PAST	They sobered and one asked , " Has he returned for Myst ?
tr	PRES	" What brings you here on this beautiful morning ? "
tr	PRES	She sees that she is on the deck plates and the room is dim .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry if it was too much for you , " Logan lands on his stomach next to me .
tr	PRES	No turbulence aloft this time , and it should be clear the entire way . "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't your name , Ellery ? "
tr	PRES	" Good heavens . "
tr	PRES	" After you kidnapped me and chained me to the wall , " I retort .
tr	PAST	He reflected for a moment and then said : " Gateway Guardian !
tr	PRES	Said Mason working the horse back in and handing Dickie the reins .
tr	PRES	He flicks his ears forward and approaches me but doesn 't get too close .
tr	PRES	" The entire band sheds in there .
tr	PAST	It pierced the second guard between the eyes before he could even twitch a muscle in defense .
tr	PAST	He rounds on me with that boyish grin on his face , and then nearly falls over .
tr	PAST	The soft light bounced off the pale pink walls casting a warm glow .
tr	PAST	" Let 's go that way , " Dori steered Wynn in the opposite direction .
tr	PAST	Dahlia 's color deepened even more .
tr	PRES	But not caring or threatened by it at all .
tr	PRES	I tuned out for that .
tr	PRES	He brings his hand to my face and gently runs his finger underneath the prominent bruise on my eye .
tr	PAST	He sensed she already had an idea of why he 'd come instead of Warren .
tr	PRES	Remaining impossibly still , her full lips hint at a smile , but ultimately remain still .
tr	PAST	" Fine " He shouted pulling on his pants " Throw it all in my face again .
tr	PRES	" To the northwest , two points ahead of the beam .
tr	PRES	They scare to get results .
tr	PRES	" Oh , well ... that changes things a bit . "
tr	PRES	" What ritual ? "
tr	PRES	This helps readers find new authors that they may have never heard of before , but may enjoy .
tr	PRES	Then for some reason I add the " ander " on the end of the " Alex " I had written before .
tr	PRES	Sometimes his mind fades away into a time you and I will never know .
tr	PAST	After the dinner I had last night , I am considering not eating for the next week , " joked Simon .
tr	PAST	A mischievous smile curved his mouth when he pulled away from her .
tr	PAST	A mist swirled around the porch like a fog , and above us the tin roof sang under the torrents .
tr	PAST	The Nate on stage regained his composure and put on his most compelling look of confidence .
tr	PAST	" RELEASE , " Tucker rasped out .
tr	PRES	" It sounds kinda -- " " Kinda what ? "
tr	PAST	" Oh " I giggled .
tr	PRES	I shout as I run into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	The monitor 's beeping dove from a constant beep to deep electronic thuds .
tr	PAST	My mom abandoned me and failed to tell the man who fathered me that I existed .
tr	PRES	" Are you married , Chester ? "
tr	PAST	" Your wife 's pregnant , " she revealed abruptly .
tr	PAST	If she even blamed him at all .
tr	PRES	" Liquid Light . "
tr	PAST	My skin crawled with what could have happened here tonight if I hadn 't been the one to walk through her door .
tr	PAST	" Friends make the best lovers , " Cecelia countered .
tr	PRES	Without warning , Edward releases me and throws me into the wall .
tr	PAST	I thought I was doing really well out there , ' he chided , his mouth twitching in amusement .
tr	PAST	Shadow never feared death ; he did fear it for those whom he cared for .
tr	PAST	' Well , not with these shoes , ' Paul joked .
tr	PRES	Ethan 's words still echo in my head , his belief that I really am the best person to head this research .
tr	PAST	He exited the parking garage and turned right , driving the one block between the Alamodome and the downtown Hilton .
tr	PRES	Aria throws her arms around Jason 's neck for support .
tr	PAST	Her words finally shattered through his shock .
tr	PRES	The image of August saying " eh ? "
tr	PAST	She treated it with great respect .
tr	PRES	He pops the cigar in his mouth and reaches for a silver lighter next to the box .
tr	PAST	I slapped Conner 's leg .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to touch me , but I flinch .
tr	PRES	Already threatening the staircase he now stands upon , the path to the second floor lies beneath the ever increasing water level .
tr	PAST	" No ... not this time , " she screeched .
tr	PAST	The day meandered on at a snail 's pace .
tr	PAST	The afflicted exhaled and it was over .
tr	PRES	With one hand , he pins my arms above my head and presses his body against mine .
tr	PAST	An upbeat dance track merged into the last chords of the song and a gust of cold air blew across Avery 's skin .
tr	PRES	Hideous laughter fills the air for a moment .
tr	PAST	When she said good-bye , she acted as though everything was normal , though her hug was longer than usual .
tr	PRES	I flinch , over and over again , and don 't have an answer .
tr	PRES	I sputter , and then my legs refuse to go any further .
tr	PAST	Hank and Kane exited .
tr	PRES	Nothing brings two people closer than a death defying experience , huh Theo ? "
tr	PAST	I collected my thoughts and exhaled long and slow .
tr	PAST	He seized my arms .
tr	PRES	Her feet burn , she pushes her way through burnt hands as she attempts to make her way back to the entrance .
tr	PAST	More thunder rumbled , and when she climbed out of the truck , lightning flashed across the sky .
tr	PRES	' For ladies . '
tr	PAST	A quick scan revealed the flat-bottomed barge hugging the far bank .
tr	PAST	The light withdrew , but the blackness which replaced it was greater in intensity .
tr	PAST	She matched his breathing as he wrapped his arms around her .
tr	PRES	Bo lets out little snores .
tr	PRES	The music changes to The Wedding March and all our guests stand up .
tr	PAST	She preferred her tea without milk , but couldn 't always stop the customary pouring from the milk jug by either Susan or Rose .
tr	PRES	" He helps . "
tr	PAST	But this generosity and nobility only served to deepen the pressure on the family .
tr	PAST	I smacked him upside the head for effect .
tr	PRES	Second a sporting opposition , an individual or team attempting to overcome you . "
tr	PAST	I squealed , sounding not dissimilar to Abby .
tr	PAST	He grunted as it hit , the armour only slowing it slightly .
tr	PRES	A roar bursts forth from the mouth of the tunnel where it joins this one and darkness spews forth .
tr	PAST	The wind surrounded her , enfolded her in the beauty of the night sky .
tr	PAST	I froze as he ran his hand through his blond hair and gritted his teeth in anger .
tr	PAST	He tugged on the leash and she tugged back .
tr	PAST	A green flame leaped out of it , making Tiffany jump .
tr	PRES	" I was afraid you wouldn 't come , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	" Well , I 'll leave you to it , " Seth yawned .
tr	PRES	Every day brings a risk that something will happen to push the human race toward self-destruction .
tr	PRES	None of that applies to you . "
tr	PRES	He whispers and looks away .
tr	PRES	Anthony 's lips slope downward .
tr	PAST	" The king preferred music to poetry .
tr	PAST	He proved it constantly by letting me decide when and where I needed him .
tr	PRES	He throws up his hands in protest .
tr	PRES	" Well , never mind " sighs Old Guy , " where are we on this one ? "
tr	PRES	It rips through the monster , tears it apart and rocks the chamber of the train from side to side .
tr	PRES	" You bitchy witch . "
tr	PAST	He presses his hands together , palm to palm .
tr	PRES	" Andrew Clark ... " Lexi 's heart pounded .
tr	PAST	* * * After finishing my makeup bio exam , I dumped my books in my locker .
tr	PAST	With visible effort , he regained his composure and held out his hand .
tr	PAST	I washed the dishes .
tr	PAST	He clutched his napkin in one hand and started to reach for my hand with the other .
tr	PAST	Moist experienced a certain amount of unrighteous indignation about this .
tr	PRES	Reluctantly , I swivel back toward Alec .
tr	PAST	They reentered the palisade and turned to the right and ran silently along the fence , under the catwalk , where there were other guards posted .
tr	PRES	" Yer pa ? "
tr	PAST	Holiday motioned for Kylie to sit on the mat .
tr	PRES	For a while he just stands next to me as I breath in the scent of dead vegetation , then he turns me to face him .
tr	PAST	Got a problem with that , Ensign ? "
tr	PRES	Just beyond , an ovoid , with the engine running , stands out against the black sky .
tr	PRES	" This kills me , William .
tr	PRES	Now it 's cell phone towers all over the country . "
tr	PRES	I said , my smile fading .
tr	PRES	Michael uses the hesitation to his advantage , rolling him into a headlock and forcing the submission .
tr	PAST	" Of course not , I never - " She froze .
tr	PAST	The constant tingle created a fire between my legs , forcing me to concentrate on keeping my legs wrapped around him .
tr	PAST	I tipped my chin down as I slid a hand between us .
tr	PAST	" Eat your dinner , Alex , " Bambi instructed .
tr	PAST	Nick smacked him on the shoulder , causing him to choke .
tr	PAST	" You Pulled on my emotions .
tr	PAST	" I can , " Kiran volunteered .
tr	PRES	" I miss food , " mumbled Paul with a loud grumbling inside his stomach .
tr	PAST	He taps his pen against the first one .
tr	PRES	She 's facing me , her hand resting against her chin .
tr	PRES	" This eases the way for his , er , pig to - " " I understand , " Helen interrupted , flushing bright red .
tr	PAST	Whatever the reason , I sobbed as if my heart were broken and would never heal again .
tr	PAST	Even Razor , buzzing in distress on Kenzie 's shoulder , froze , his huge ears pricked and alert .
tr	PRES	" Miss Price ? "
tr	PRES	" You also , Mr. Clancy ? "
tr	PAST	I highly doubted the media could come up with a more bizarre story than the truth .
tr	PAST	He flicked it toward her face , but it looped and drifted to the ground like a large leaf .
tr	PRES	When the show ends , I yawn , and Harlin stirs .
tr	PRES	" See , point proven , " he whispers in my ear , his lips brushing my skin .
tr	PAST	Something tugged at my hand .
tr	PRES	Will she settle down ? "
tr	PRES	He gulps a long sip from a Gatorade bottle and then puts it down on the counter .
tr	PRES	Walking slowly , Elijah passes a man taking a picture of someone else 's clothesline .
tr	PAST	A pensive smile curved her mouth as Aly tugged my shirt free .
tr	PAST	She 'll let up , " he advised .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He dares another step toward me and then another until he 's right in front of me .
tr	PRES	She offers one to me , but I shake my head .
tr	PRES	He releases a low agonizing moan as he presses his palm into the ID scanner , tears streaming from his eyes .
tr	PAST	" Is the girl secured ? "
tr	PRES	" He does have a point though , Rafe .
tr	PRES	He points his finger sharply at the Higher .
tr	PRES	" A little toy that supposedly has infrared sensors able to detect humans within five metres .
tr	PAST	Without the tint of her visor , her eyes squinted at the bright yellow sand and purple sky .
tr	PAST	Her skin glowed and her cheeks flushed as their gazes met and lingered .
tr	PAST	A shiver wriggled up Aria 's spine .
tr	PAST	Chapter 24 The Dark Lord 's prison Gaius seriously underestimated the instinctive desire of any creature for survival .
tr	PRES	Memory tapes cycle through blankly . "
tr	PRES	She stands and leans against the counter .
tr	PAST	Jess circled around him and managed to make his way to the washer to turn it off .
tr	PRES	Hearing Karen echo the biting words she 'd repeated countless times was like a cold slap in the face .
tr	PAST	She clutched a sheet to her chest .
tr	PRES	Chloe sings his name like a desperate song that 's been over rehearsed .
tr	PRES	" I , I ah ... took care of it . "
tr	PRES	All in all , it must have been one hell of a horrible sight , judging from the countless eyewitness accounts we have of it .
tr	PRES	Mason and I sing .
tr	PRES	Flynn remains unconvinced , " I 'll take that into consideration once I 've heard your story .
tr	PAST	As we got closer to Morgan , the gems sensed their creator and wanted to go to him , because they were destined to .
tr	PAST	" I never lied to you , Garrett , not about us !
tr	PRES	It kills me to see her deal with this .
tr	PRES	Says Sinead , raising her gun .
tr	PAST	The lack of her things tormented me .
tr	PRES	Instead of magazines in her waiting area , Ava Jane offers an interesting arrays of novels .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't you rip me off enough already when you wrecked my apartment ? "
tr	PRES	He also lets me know that Reginald said he would be returning shortly .
tr	PAST	Klaudia sat in the front row , her injured foot propped up on a spare chair .
tr	PAST	She sensed a carefully leashed anticipation in her teacher .
tr	PRES	" What some sexy fun ? "
tr	PAST	The stiff white sheets scratched against his face and the dark gray blankets itched .
tr	PRES	She helps him to his feet .
tr	PAST	When she looked down , he quickly withdrew his tail and pretended like he didn 't do it .
tr	PRES	" Devouring nothing , but giving of themselves endlessly to light the lives of others . "
tr	PRES	Aria lays her head on Jason 's firmly toned bare chest rubbing his flesh lovingly .
tr	PRES	Before long , Mom returns .
tr	PAST	Right now , we handled support for local hospitals and insurance companies , but we 're always looking to expand .
tr	PRES	He begged , bullied , coerced .
tr	PRES	A young man with shaggy hair stands behind the desk .
tr	PAST	He carefully hauled me to my feet .
tr	PAST	" Message received , hotshot .
tr	PAST	When I decided that I can 't do it anymore , I announced that it 's enough for BD .
tr	PRES	One tidal wave of spirit , and I was certain I could have her on her hands and knees , begging to tell me all she knew .
tr	PRES	He really loves them .
tr	PAST	Alex emerged from under two tacklers with the ball , but the referee 's didn 't signal anything .
tr	PRES	She stares at him .
tr	PAST	" You sound awfully possessive for nothing going on , " Trenton accused .
tr	PAST	Gray exclaimed , and pointed down and to the right .
tr	PAST	" The truth , Karen , " he chided .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 14 Graeme awoke to a female body snuggled up tight against his side .
tr	PRES	" My Queen , " he whispered , searching , scanning , hopeless though it was .
tr	PAST	She lovingly cups Trey 's cheeks in her hands .
tr	PAST	Hardly conscious of her actions , she simply acted on pure fury .
tr	PRES	I assume this is your route into Esperanza 's money ?
tr	PRES	I rip the armband off , revealing the ugly scar from the tracker .
tr	PRES	" He sure wears a lot of jewelry . "
tr	PAST	As she told the driver to take her back to the building that housed the Altman offices , she dialed her cell .
tr	PRES	Opening her door and letting the dog out , she slides in , humming and patting Shelton on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	Boone inhaled deeply and closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	" He strikes me as a pawn , so he probably has no idea who sent him after you . "
tr	PRES	I pile all the gifts in my arms and realize I can 't lock up .
tr	PRES	" Lady Pamela ? "
tr	PRES	" You 'd think he would 've replaced her by now , " April murmurs .
tr	PAST	" Mrs. White thanked me for the water and said that I had done enough .
tr	PRES	Cole folds his hands behind his head and smiles at me .
tr	PAST	Alma measured it with her eye .
tr	PRES	Lying on the cold ground holds no appeal to me . "
tr	PAST	Let her explore ... dad , " she advised , with a hint of sarcasm .
tr	PRES	It flashes in green letters ' ready . '
tr	PRES	" Way to go , jackass .
tr	PAST	Irritated , I stomped over to the railing and flailed an arm at the view beyond .
tr	PAST	" Honest , I never dreamed you would actually do it . "
tr	PAST	Until the day she trusted the wrong one .
tr	PAST	She hooked her fingers in the chain-link fence as she peered in at them .
tr	PRES	" Let that be a lesson fer ya , " the little man teased , then rolled over and laughed some more .
tr	PRES	Dana holds onto me for the entire drive .
tr	PAST	Reece 's heart rate matched her breathing ; she tried slowing them , but was unsuccessful .
tr	PRES	Team leader for a team of IT services staff at the bank . "
tr	PRES	" As my guest . "
tr	PRES	That explains the agent 's unconsciousness .
tr	PRES	" It 's not my band , Jess .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	But Mrs. Walker persisted through her lecture nonetheless .
tr	PAST	And yet , once again , his brother swooped in to win the girl .
tr	PRES	Some strength creeps back into my limbs now , but I still need Layla 's support to walk .
tr	PRES	The memory of children 's laughter a hollow echo in my ears .
tr	PRES	David deals with them .
tr	PAST	" She has retired early , " giggled Julia .
tr	PRES	The door opens before me , and I step quickly into an old fashioned elevator .
tr	PRES	" That cat hates everybody ! "
tr	PAST	Aunt Lulu 's voice floated melodically through the screen door .
tr	PAST	He trusted that he did the same for her .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed the side of my face and , with a softer voice , he said , " You ok ? "
tr	PRES	" She likes you the best , " Paige said , " and you 're sitting in here all day .
tr	PAST	" Sure I do , " he countered .
tr	PAST	Regardless , she felt more than a little delighted to have the chance to converse with a girl her own age .
tr	PAST	His fingers threaded through mine , his lips pressing against the side of my face , in my hair and my lips .
tr	PAST	Without breaking stride , she slapped my butt -- a blatantly clear message to anyone who was watching .
tr	PAST	I blamed the whiskey in my blood .
tr	PRES	The instant he touched her , her body spiraled out of control again , even wilder than before .
tr	PRES	A tire swing he 'd hung on a gnarled tree branch for her many moons ago twisted in the harsh desert winter .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen . "
tr	PRES	' Ok , ok .
tr	PAST	I squealed , " Were you going to knife that guy ? "
tr	PAST	They all cocked their guns at the same time .
tr	PRES	He breathes heavily in my ear for twenty seconds .
tr	PRES	' Like rotting vegetables . '
tr	PAST	As they do I count their dark shadows outlined dimly in the distance .
tr	PRES	My butt sees more bench than game time . "
tr	PRES	Jones stands up and walks over to the other side of the table , gently lays down the sheet of paper before Lucien 's eyes .
tr	PRES	" Naughty , " he whispers as I lower myself .
tr	PRES	As if on cue , Sarah wraps her arms around my waist from behind , nuzzling her face into the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	I lean toward him , my voice urgent .
tr	PRES	We both yell as the end lifts .
tr	PRES	" I 'll get more , " I volunteer .
tr	PAST	" Back up , " Monte advised , retreating behind the sheltering slab .
tr	PAST	Cox attempted to contact Steve Warner one more time .
tr	PAST	A gentle tug on her braid tipped her head back , allowing him to delve deeper , kiss harder .
tr	PAST	Anger buzzed in my head .
tr	PRES	What seems like an eternity later , Ivy attempts to rest her other hand on my arm and snuggle against me .
tr	PRES	" You belong here with us , Lexie .
tr	PRES	" Just leave everything as it is for now , but watch for any red signal flashes anywhere on the board . "
tr	PAST	She replaced both back in the box with careful hands .
tr	PRES	Uriah reaches for me , but Tobias sets a hand on his shoulder to stop him .
tr	PAST	He stiffened at the urgency in Bastien 's voice .
tr	PRES	" Ah ha ! "
tr	PRES	The Grand Uncle bursts into laughter .
tr	PRES	" Are you ready , sweetheart ?
tr	PAST	Then he advanced on Col , circling him slowly , inspecting , always with wary eye for Gan .
tr	PRES	Gunny taps my arm and gives me a thumbs-up .
tr	PAST	Her pulse sped up .
tr	PRES	' I know , little bro .
tr	PAST	More volunteers erected temporary housing , hammers and saws echoing while dump trucks hauled away debris from fallen structures .
tr	PRES	Messick stops for a moment and turns back to look at her .
tr	PAST	Jacob balled his fist and hurled it towards the instrument panel on the side of the machine .
tr	PAST	Hawk reflected that Victoria and Timothy were going through a rite of passage that would soon be expected of him .
tr	PAST	Neither Harry nor Will dared to think any further ahead than the next bend , the next stretch of open water .
tr	PAST	He killed without mercy , forced by the beast inside him to unleash a torrent of wrath upon whomever she desired .
tr	PRES	No one remembers and no one will talk to me . "
tr	PAST	" Pete fell off the face of the earth a while back , severed all contact .
tr	PAST	White blanched his face , before a rush of redness hit his cheeks .
tr	PRES	Me and Benson snuck down while you were sleeping .
tr	PRES	" And she loves you .
tr	PAST	He tugged on the door slightly , stepping further back , into the doorway leading to the dining room .
tr	PRES	Where the devil are we , at your best estimate ? "
tr	PRES	" You ruined it ! "
tr	PAST	Savannah 's lips curved into a smile .
tr	PAST	The car hugs the ground and Dante drives it expertly .
tr	PAST	" Hmm ... " Jenny pondered Born 's explanation for a moment and pictured it in her mind .
tr	PRES	" It 's complicated , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	Noah stops his exploration .
tr	PAST	Joslyn hopped off the back and Indy set the bike on its kickstand .
tr	PRES	She lays the back of her hand against my forehead and purses her lips .
tr	PAST	Frances adjusted her hat , but said nothing .
tr	PAST	My mother eyed the bedroom door .
tr	PAST	His pace slowed to a stop .
tr	PRES	She still likes Baldwin better .
tr	PRES	I lean back , resting my hands in the sand .
tr	PRES	I think someone could wheel me down to his room , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	" Speak English . "
tr	PAST	George boomed , catching my eye as he crossed over to the drink cart in the corner and poured a dark amber liquid into two glasses .
tr	PRES	" Well , " he chuckles .
tr	PAST	Jake clasped her hand .
tr	PAST	" Got it from a lord , " he announced , noting her interest in the initials .
tr	PRES	Another customer enters the crowded diner .
tr	PRES	That man loves you .
tr	PRES	" I want us to ... " " Angelique , no . "
tr	PRES	MARCH 18 , 1990 A MOMENT IN TIME Footsteps echo behind me .
tr	PRES	The bike slows to a crawl and I stop a few houses down from my parents .
tr	PRES	" Wake up , Mimi .
tr	PAST	I tugged on my father 's shoulder until he rolled over .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the giddiness of her wonderful day -- like sparkling , ephemeral bubbles floating inside her chest -- froze and crashed at the bottom of her stomach .
tr	PRES	Joye shone the flashlight on Tarzan .
tr	PAST	After graduation , I bounced around in a couple of different places and tried a few different things , eventually settling down in Boston .
tr	PAST	Travis squinted and shaded his eyes with his hands .
tr	PRES	He only wishes . "
tr	PAST	The men proceeded to swear him their loyalty , and ensured him that they would honor his wishes .
tr	PRES	Not a whisker on him , but even unwittingly , he plays his role .
tr	PRES	In the Health Centre there .
tr	PAST	She swiped strands of her hair off her hot and sticky forehead .
tr	PAST	The young man regarded me with a baffled expression .
tr	PAST	She slapped the morning paper on the corner of my desk , where I 'd been sitting with my cup of tea and a stack of bills .
tr	PRES	" Get up , " I hiss .
tr	PRES	" He loves her , Mom . "
tr	PRES	Evelyn removes her glove fingertip by fingertip , reaches across the gap , and shakes .
tr	PRES	' Well , that hand signal thing . '
tr	PRES	I recall we all celebrated a bit more strenuously than usual that night . "
tr	PRES	' Marcel , ' her loud sucking inhale and louder exhale of smoke .
tr	PAST	I sling the bag over my shoulder as my heart races .
tr	PRES	" I detest every woman who knew you before . "
tr	PRES	I discover Ryan in the middle of the neighborhood forest , striding toward me .
tr	PRES	When she waved her hands through the air , they danced like angels .
tr	PAST	I pinched myself , just in case .
tr	PRES	" Kenji - , " Juliette tries to say .
tr	PAST	" It cost me quite a bit to set up an apartment so we could live together . "
tr	PAST	Her mama , her sisters and brothers and cousins , her aunts and uncles , exclaimed with wonder and approval .
tr	PRES	" What of the priests ? "
tr	PAST	He , of course , never lounged in bed once the sun hit the horizon .
tr	PAST	The officers attempted to drive off the other ship , but their weapons were insufficient for the task .
tr	PRES	And swim and ride horses !
tr	PAST	Fitch dismissed them and sent them back to Washington .
tr	PAST	" I want a gingerbread man cookie , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Culver adjusted the strange watch on his wrist .
tr	PAST	A frown tugged at his sensual lips .
tr	PRES	She opens a checking and savings account at the local bank and takes out an American Express Credit Card .
tr	PAST	Silence accompanied them into the parking lot .
tr	PRES	I hauled him up by the back of his lab coat and wrapped my arm around his neck .
tr	PAST	Jaime 's tongue circled hers and then he lifted her from the ground .
tr	PRES	Then he smiled slightly , his eyes gleaming with amusement .
tr	PRES	" I mean , " he said , grabbing a few papers from under his arm , " everyone loves us . "
tr	PRES	" My Uncle Vladimir . "
tr	PAST	I sensed another presence helping me , although it was just me being paranoid as usual .
tr	PAST	For the first time since the crash , he sensed some fight , some real strength in Adelaide .
tr	PRES	I spare you only that you may return to your Master and deliver a message : the Holy Land is lost to him and his .
tr	PRES	Plush red pillows decorate huge wooden chairs to make them look as if their owners are royalty .
tr	PAST	He stuffed his hands in his pockets , stood in the cool morning air , and wished he 'd gotten the damn flowers .
tr	PAST	Masculine cologne lingered in the air .
tr	PAST	The few steps and extra ceiling between us provided a bit of protection , albeit a weak one .
tr	PRES	The pulse fries out electrical circuits . "
tr	PAST	" Mine too , " Kira chimed in .
tr	PAST	" Put everything into it , " I urged softly .
tr	PRES	Gage offers a private smile before saying hello to the two of them .
tr	PAST	Eyes as bright as the stars in winter regarded Emelia as she slumped in exhaustion .
tr	PRES	" Marcie tends to buy down when it comes to sizing . "
tr	PAST	He quickly retreated back into the darkness and far enough away that no one could see him .
tr	PAST	Lauren refrained from arguing .
tr	PAST	The big man jabbed Jake in the chest with his thick sausage of a finger .
tr	PRES	Jase glances at me as the engine revs into high gear .
tr	PAST	The room glowed orange with the light of the setting sun coming through the windows as I stepped inside .
tr	PAST	Julian inquired obviously just as disgusted by the exchange as Devon was .
tr	PAST	Next week she enrolled for a near training trade school and for an advanced company dance course .
tr	PAST	Her small hand extended toward me , offering a gentle smile .
tr	PRES	Robbie stops talking , holding his breath to see how his grandfather will respond .
tr	PAST	She correctly identified Olivia as the group alpha and turned to her first .
tr	PRES	On the view screen , Warrior glides into view , proudly settling in next to the much larger Dagger .
tr	PRES	Maria stares at me unbelieving as if she 's surprised that I actually am not doing what she wants .
tr	PAST	The dark circles on Henry 's face lightened and his arm stopped shaking .
tr	PRES	Ricky returns Steve to the ground and with twinkling eyes , crouches down , and throws up his dukes .
tr	PRES	" Matt throws the garter and whoever catches it gets to put it on the girl who caught the bouquet . "
tr	PAST	" You can , " he countered as his hardness probed lower .
tr	PAST	Or not right away , anyhow . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it bothers me . "
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	His thumbs hooked in the front pockets of faded jeans under a black button-up shirt .
tr	PAST	he mumbled , his eyes running around the room .
tr	PRES	And the Cut-Out Kitchen Range Book .
tr	PRES	" Wouldn 't really call getting you pregnant nothing , Mo , but to each his own . "
tr	PRES	It allows you to physically interact with the environment here , just like we were able to physically interact with you back in your own time . "
tr	PAST	I stuffed my hands in my pockets and pulled out the one remaining river stone and Aunt Prue 's map .
tr	PRES	No major elevation changes .
tr	PAST	They emerged hungry and found a cold lunch buffet waiting for them .
tr	PRES	" Pen cap , " he explains .
tr	PRES	Warner holds Kenji 's gaze for just a moment .
tr	PAST	I smacked the hard obstacle in my way , but it wouldn 't budge .
tr	PRES	After a thorough examination , he begins to heal my ankle , raps it as a precaution and we head back toward our room .
tr	PRES	If you grow up with the conviction that no one can possibly hurt you , it tends to make you just a bit rash .
tr	PRES	Kayden pinches my side and I flinch .
tr	PAST	She brandished the hourglass , and waved it in front of him , prompting him to peer closely into one of the two mirrors .
tr	PRES	Seconds later , his phone buzzes , and his secretary relays a message .
tr	PRES	" I was talking about you , you little idiot .
tr	PAST	Ray charged like a battering ram and sent the Nordic crashing into the railing .
tr	PRES	" She likes you . "
tr	PRES	" Did it ever occur to you to tell me what was going on ? "
tr	PAST	Then the Fates transformed them into those things .
tr	PRES	Says Greg and looks away , around the room , outside the window -- anywhere to avoid the impending threat that is Siobhan .
tr	PRES	I assume you 'll do something along those lines , as well . "
tr	PAST	Way more advanced than we could manage nowadays , though we had a couple of models coming close before the war .
tr	PRES	He holds himself up perfectly now .
tr	PAST	Very little time later , the steady rise and fall of Aiden 's chest deepened .
tr	PAST	Celeste served one glass each to the women .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , my fingers still in her hair .
tr	PAST	" You go play in the house with your brother for now , " she instructed the blonde girl .
tr	PRES	" Please , don 't trouble anyone , " Dunstan begged .
tr	PAST	Sandy padded with her big feet from room to room until she found me on the sofa .
tr	PAST	When you told me you wanted to destroy the Dark , I trusted in you then .
tr	PAST	Again I reversed and knocked over the second stack .
tr	PRES	She turned back , her composure returning with icy calm .
tr	PAST	" His brain was wide open , assaulted by everyone and everything he came into contact with .
tr	PAST	I took a step to the side , my arm outstretched , and stepped directly between Morgan and Ethan , forcing Ethan to back up behind me .
tr	PRES	He sighs , " This is my fault . "
tr	PAST	He taps his box knowing it will be the final nail in the demon 's coffin .
tr	PAST	Hunter shrieked , rolling away from the high loft doors , above the locked bay doors .
tr	PAST	Her russet hair bounced and shined like it always did .
tr	PRES	" Not some evil that stole its way in , some lying , deceiving thing that nourished alienation , madness .
tr	PRES	Each of us stands at the end of the line .
tr	PAST	Kaylee sensed an opportunity that she wouldn 't likely get again .
tr	PRES	" But the blame lies entirely in the one who recruited him in the first place . "
tr	PAST	He hopped out of the car and walked a little way off to make his call .
tr	PAST	Barry circled the wagons long before the authorities arrived on the scene .
tr	PRES	Master Guan uses a poker to fan the flames high by maneuvering the hot coals for optimum efficiency .
tr	PRES	" Go wash them .
tr	PRES	Brooke wove in and out of the solar cells , narrowly missing a few that could have wiped them out .
tr	PAST	She steered me out of the bathroom and back to our table , leafing through her wallet and dropping a twenty .
tr	PRES	" Bobby ... " " Open it . "
tr	PAST	What if someone reported him missing ?
tr	PAST	" No reason , other than they just left out the back door and are climbing into the truck , " Sean announced abruptly .
tr	PRES	Tenchi slams on the accelerator and we speed off in a cloud of blue smoke .
tr	PRES	She opens it , rooting through her tools setting aside hammers , chisels , and screwdrivers .
tr	PRES	He glances over at his daughter , April , whose focus is glued to her phone screen , as any typical fourteen-year-old 's would be .
tr	PAST	Rescue personnel in orange uniforms merged into the crowds .
tr	PAST	I flung an arm out , knocking a vase of silk flowers off the chest beside the door .
tr	PAST	He preferred the natural color of her dark gold hair , but her safety was more important than his preferences .
tr	PRES	She proceeds to do my hair and after that , my make-up .
tr	PAST	She flapped her hands to shoo him away .
tr	PRES	This time , Chad lets him , laughing .
tr	PRES	Paulie don ' care so long as nobody sees me .
tr	PAST	As he was pulled off , Saul regained his composure and remembered why he was there .
tr	PRES	He glances at me and a smile quickly creeps onto his lips .
tr	PAST	He named his children after oak trees , hence Darlington , Holly , and my mother , Laurel .
tr	PAST	He sensed victory within his sights .
tr	PRES	The columns represent my house or my master 's house .
tr	PAST	The two priests exited the room to the sound of frenzied laughter behind them .
tr	PRES	I lug the heavy can into the truck bed .
tr	PRES	Instead he holds me in place , revealing every last inch of me to whoever is walking below .
tr	PAST	" You checking me out , Sloane ? "
tr	PRES	For an instant when their eyes meet this time , however , the veil falls .
tr	PRES	A strange stirring ruffled through her belly , clenching her gut , and sending alarming signals to her skin .
tr	PRES	She throws a pillow at me and we both laugh as it hits me in the face .
tr	PRES	She stops twisting the linen handkerchief she holds and I see that her nails are bitten to the quick .
tr	PAST	' You need to go to bed , ' Fabian 's musical voice chimed in my ear .
tr	PRES	He peels at the beer bottle label .
tr	PRES	Mark offers a brief smile .
tr	PAST	All teasing immediately ceased as the staff rushed into action .
tr	PRES	" A job with me , where I work , " Storm explains .
tr	PRES	" Ah , how exceptionally unpatriotic , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He sensed my question , so he said .
tr	PAST	" Probably a power outage ... or a rolling blackout , " the man surmised .
tr	PRES	Oxbow stops and studies another side of the cliff .
tr	PAST	The ache reflected there tears at my soul .
tr	PRES	Tammie changes the subject .
tr	PRES	Both of the boys relax .
tr	PAST	His wings flapped frantically once , twice , and the third time folded up into nothing behind him .
tr	PRES	Mia corrects me with a loud sigh of exasperation .
tr	PAST	White flicked ash from his cigar into a crystal ashtray on his desk and manipulated the holographic displays in front of him .
tr	PAST	Ken gritted his teeth , and staggered limply to help me up .
tr	PRES	Reagan 's fingertips hook in the waistband of my boxers , and I feel her lift them over my dick .
tr	PRES	St. Clair stands close to her , facing her , and he smoothes the platinum stripe in her hair .
tr	PAST	Julian tugged her across the room , settling her at the bar where his attorney had a mass of paperwork laid out .
tr	PRES	She suffers for you , believing you 'll find a way .
tr	PAST	With a frustrated growl she hopped off the rock and stomped back into the house .
tr	PRES	He holds out a water skin .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled at the thought , but then I gave off a louder scream .
tr	PRES	A quick grin surfaces .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hands on his knees and stood up , and I was glad to see that he wasn 't quite so red in the face .
tr	PRES	Each long stroke brings his face closer , my back arching further and further .
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled from his gut , impatience made into sound .
tr	PRES	" Everyone hates you . "
tr	PAST	The cab driver 's loud Cockney voice jolted her from her thoughts .
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " I giggled , rapidly transforming into more of a girly-girl than I had ever been in the past .
tr	PAST	When Dinah began singing praises about her father and his craft , Eric spontaneously yawned .
tr	PRES	" You 're just trying to get me on your good side , " she teased , but I knew she treasured his compliment .
tr	PRES	I forgave Margaret for her hot-tempered response when I understood what she meant .
tr	PAST	A smug smile curved his lips .
tr	PRES	He snorts as we enter our driveway .
tr	PRES	" Because we 're in a cool , damp underground laundromat in Miami .
tr	PAST	Finally , after the fifth time that happened , I motioned at Finn that I was going on without him .
tr	PRES	I snap back at him .
tr	PRES	" Regina 's cook likes to express himself in three dimensions .
tr	PRES	" Nothing mattered except holding him and keeping herself steady .
tr	PAST	He yawned and turned around to face Hugh .
tr	PAST	Karen slapped Amy 's palm in the air .
tr	PRES	Plus , Ryder misses you . "
tr	PAST	I perked up at this little bit of gossip .
tr	PAST	Or so she dreamed .
tr	PAST	She emerged a few minutes later helping a much older man with pure white hair down the short flight of stairs .
tr	PRES	Doctor Snow reaches us first .
tr	PAST	The Black Hand said if I succeeded , it proved he could count on me .
tr	PRES	I screwed things up with the first girl who 's really interested me in years .
tr	PAST	He stormed back into his bedroom , did up his shirt , and pulled on another coat , not bothering with the cravat .
tr	PAST	Finally , he said , " Got a pen and paper ? "
tr	PAST	The few ranged weapons that they had used plasma , not bullets .
tr	PAST	He still blamed himself , and apparently others blamed him as well .
tr	PRES	He wraps his body around Eight , pinning Eight 's arms to his sides .
tr	PAST	Uncle Roland , like me , dreamed of this day .
tr	PAST	Then she flung the curtains of the room open and stared incredulously , mouth agape , heart beating furiously , as she drew in a deep breath .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Mia .
tr	PRES	" Can you spare ... no , I see you scribbling in that thing all the time .
tr	PAST	Alec , noting her gesture , smacked her shoulder .
tr	PAST	" I am nothing like you , " she stated , as she looked it in its beady little black eyes .
tr	PAST	" The Philadelphia Mint 's first director was a man named David Rittenhouse .
tr	PRES	Twenty-two hours and our war begins Our war of limbs and lips and hands ... The best part of finally Not calling retreat ?
tr	PRES	He skates between nice guy and bad boy so fluidly , I never seem to catch the transition .
tr	PAST	His voice boomed through the forest , shaking the trees .
tr	PAST	Bjorn swiped his mouth with his forearm .
tr	PRES	" No hints . "
tr	PAST	He slowly unbuttoned his white shirt all the way down .
tr	PAST	Blake hauled his foreman away from the motionless body .
tr	PRES	But my body throbs .
tr	PAST	" Blake , " she grunted out , nudging me .
tr	PAST	On the way to the bookstore , Julia inhaled fresh air and tried not to think about Damien going off after Mara .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	When I place a hand on his chest , he gently removes it .
tr	PRES	" Eli deserves a lot better than just a step above our folks . "
tr	PRES	He passes the folders around to the others who take several minutes thumbing through them and passing them on to one another .
tr	PRES	The oxygen tastes like cold water after a long drought .
tr	PRES	" A right git I 'd look .
tr	PAST	Byron deepened the kiss , forgetting everything but the sheer , hot passion of her mouth .
tr	PAST	Sometime in the night , something awoke him .
tr	PRES	" To lands far away .
tr	PRES	It passes in an instant .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ?
tr	PAST	My heart then skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	His head bent forward , his lips only inches from her ear .
tr	PAST	As if to confirm that suspicion , I vomited .
tr	PAST	Located at the mid-point between Hell and Earth , Grands is a domain steeped in gray , bleak darkness , darkness merged with a penetrating cold .
tr	PAST	She wavered on the brink of self-control before she finally mastered herself then continued on .
tr	PAST	Finally , my phone beeped at eleven forty-five , telling me it was time to wake the others .
tr	PRES	" At a singles ' bar in Cody . "
tr	PAST	Jared nuzzled his face into mine .
tr	PAST	The librarian transferred her gaze to me and it hardened .
tr	PRES	The strong tremor stops and I look around at everyone to make sure they ´ re okay .
tr	PAST	Samson trudged up to the lip of the gully , intent on nothing more than getting to the shelter that it might bring .
tr	PAST	He hopped from one foot to the other trying to warm himself .
tr	PRES	He points to the white couch against the wall and waits for our decision .
tr	PAST	I withdrew as well , but before I could leave he reached for my hand and squeezed it .
tr	PRES	So it just lies there .
tr	PRES	" Probably something about aromas .
tr	PAST	The eye of observation curved and dived into the living map , and a reddish splash grew in an expanse of turbulent sea .
tr	PAST	Obi-Wan grunted as he collided with the bulkhead just behind Anakin .
tr	PRES	" She likes to outsmart me . "
tr	PAST	The smoke in the air tickled my nose and back of my throat .
tr	PRES	" And Karla ? "
tr	PRES	" For adequate compensation . "
tr	PAST	He tipped her head back .
tr	PAST	He sensed tension in the air that made him believe trouble was about to strike sooner or later and he wanted to be ready .
tr	PRES	I scratch the back of my neck where the prickle is tickling .
tr	PRES	You sell cattle by weight . "
tr	PAST	He froze , staring .
tr	PAST	In response , he banded his arms around her , and opened his mouth over hers .
tr	PRES	He whispers in to my ear .
tr	PAST	The watch glowed a dark red colour , and suddenly his right hand glowed as well .
tr	PAST	I prayed as I hadn 't prayed since Louisiana .
tr	PRES	" Business partners ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged off her scarf , unbuttoned her long coat , and hoped her nose would not start dripping .
tr	PRES	He bounds a few steps forward , coming straight for me .
tr	PRES	' It was the rainwater tank , ' mumbled Moist , staring at nothing .
tr	PRES	Lila stands and paces .
tr	PRES	" Politics apparently pays better than I expected .
tr	PRES	One of the officers sees that the man has a sidearm in his holster and yells , " Gun ! "
tr	PAST	Over the summer , it served as a storage unit .
tr	PRES	Quick as you like , Bob . "
tr	PRES	' All this compassion !
tr	PAST	Behind them , the car crawled nearer and nearer , slipping and jolting until it slowed beside them .
tr	PRES	" Two pieces of cherry pie . "
tr	PRES	She softens her voice to a whisper .
tr	PRES	He protects the people he loves . "
tr	PAST	Molloy 's voice carved its way down the table .
tr	PAST	But Charlotte proved that I could .
tr	PRES	Razor shrieked , his voice ringing through the chamber .
tr	PRES	" Every few minutes , the deejay says Snowball and the music stops long enough for everyone to switch partners . "
tr	PRES	" Somebody likes you . "
tr	PAST	It dove at them like a giant whale , ready to swallow them whole .
tr	PRES	" To protect Biddy from what ? "
tr	PAST	The conversation lightened from there but I only half listened to Leah explain her job and Declan talk about his upcoming project .
tr	PAST	And her shouting at me something about it maybe having been a bad idea her moving in .
tr	PRES	The King , I know , no longer loves me as I might expect he should .
tr	PAST	" Well ... A few days ago , I received a letter .
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't he have left with her , snuck past the DOD ?
tr	PRES	" From the name , I assume she 's a blonde . "
tr	PAST	Once the nurses took me away the man acted confused and wondered aloud why he had done it .
tr	PAST	Her talons dig nicely into the compacted sand , giving her a speed she has never felt before .
tr	PAST	The teenagers piled aboard and headed for some open seats .
tr	PAST	Spencer plunged her hand into her bag , hitting Mute .
tr	PRES	" Maiden Justice eh ?
tr	PRES	Bob glares down at him .
tr	PAST	She blamed Peter for that .
tr	PRES	He lived still , his existence unbroken .
tr	PAST	I transformed into an eagle to escape , but he transformed into a fox and got me between his razor teeth . "
tr	PRES	He paces , running a hand over his buzzed hair .
tr	PRES	" Combat tutor ? "
tr	PAST	What if he reported her to child protective services ?
tr	PRES	" You anxious to use that phone tap ? "
tr	PRES	I lean to the side and glance down at her smooth legs .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	Winston leaped straight up , barely avoiding them , as the mech wolves collided against each other .
tr	PAST	I prayed that I could make it through the night without having to kick anyone 's ass .
tr	PAST	They slowed their pace once she heard other voices .
tr	PAST	No matter how grave the circumstances had become , she trusted them still .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he whispers , and I know he is .
tr	PRES	" Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	And the way she treated you ... " Fresh tears sprung to Emma 's eyes .
tr	PRES	As though he has had second thoughts , he looks back and raises a hand in a gesture like a wave , then winks at me .
tr	PRES	" You are whipped cream , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	He served his country when asked , never shrank from a mission and always gave a hundred percent .
tr	PRES	Alec stares at me and I suddenly feel self-conscious taking off the rubber wader pants .
tr	PAST	Her arms wrap around me again .
tr	PRES	I wipe away the tears with the back of my hand .
tr	PAST	" I received an invitation from her and she says she won 't take no for an answer . "
tr	PAST	Julian stormed outside , where he hoped the rain had stopped .
tr	PAST	His hand tensed against mine , then the vine found our hands and began to wind around us .
tr	PRES	She enjoys life , Esperanza , she likes guys .
tr	PAST	The whole family including Noah sobbed even harder until one of his children cried out " Look ! "
tr	PAST	He tuned out the sound of the crowd and the announcer , focusing his attention on the young handlers who were helping him get ready .
tr	PAST	Shadows fly out at us , talons extended from two of the tunnels as red eyes emerge from another .
tr	PAST	" She 's yours , " I stated .
tr	PRES	Eden glances toward the windows , where our enemy 's airships are now dotting the sky .
tr	PAST	He stuffed one inside his shirt and wrapped the other around his leg .
tr	PRES	Kayla inches over to him .
tr	PAST	He twirled in a circle .
tr	PRES	She hates that Cornwall is part of England .
tr	PRES	The bastard owes us big and he knows it .
tr	PAST	A twitchy giggle delayed the reveal .
tr	PRES	Micha wraps a towel around his waist looking happier than I 've ever seen him .
tr	PAST	" I 've got nothing to say to you , " Clayton fumed .
tr	PRES	The pilot then returns Flight 29 to its proper altitude and heading .
tr	PRES	Every Friday , The Harlequin 's Den opens its doors to the weird and wonderful alike .
tr	PAST	To the device she stated " Get us access please " then waited .
tr	PAST	Hell , even my clothing glowed .
tr	PAST	I smacked my forehead with my palm .
tr	PAST	He abandoned all of his evasive techniques , and simply ran .
tr	PAST	The little patch of skin he had missed while shaving that tickled my cheek .
tr	PAST	He pursued her across the California king until she reached the headboard and had nowhere left to go .
tr	PAST	" She trusted me to look after the kindred .
tr	PRES	" Oh please have left it behind , " he mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	The way curved and I was soon able to make out the depression that could have only been created by tires .
tr	PAST	" You lied about you guys taking us to the dance just so my dad would bring us back to the camp this weekend ! "
tr	PAST	She reported that they stormed through the front door with guns drawn , yelling , cursing , threatening .
tr	PAST	Elisha attempted to explain herself .
tr	PAST	Lace giggled and asked , " They didn 't have dances where you came from ? "
tr	PRES	As I search around the map , following the paths and bridges , I discover what I am searching for .
tr	PAST	I often fantasized that the power of the crystal rose failed , and Charlotte would walk through the doors of the castle to find me .
tr	PAST	In the dim light she quieted her mind , reached down for the power .
tr	PAST	I dispatched him with a single shot , so the fur will hardly be damaged at all . "
tr	PAST	I attended a private boarding school there and spoke primarily Spanish .
tr	PAST	Accommodation in common nests is free , single nests cost only 1 Bird $ / day .
tr	PRES	He sighs , then pulls back and looks at me .
tr	PAST	... As a man , he approved of the top ; as a father , it made him grind his teeth .
tr	PRES	" Not happening Zeke . "
tr	PRES	A flush creeps across my cheeks , embarrassed that I look like I 'm trying to dig up dirt on Knox .
tr	PAST	I clutched at it , wanting to be inside it , to make the shaking stop , to make everything stop .
tr	PAST	He inched over , grinning .
tr	PAST	He described Rene 's study accurately . "
tr	PAST	A hammock slung across the far corner served as his sleeping place .
tr	PAST	I would have liked him to be able to sit back and simply bask in my success , no interference required .
tr	PAST	Hart clutched the empty glass until the facets pressed into his fingers .
tr	PAST	After about an hour of that , I trudged upstairs toward my room .
tr	PRES	He points to the left .
tr	PAST	I exhale , smiling and nodding .
tr	PAST	This in mind , she ambled along with her increasingly noisy companions .
tr	PAST	We all cheered when Leo won the award for Best percussionist .
tr	PRES	A single spot light flips on , shining down on a dull , black mechanical bull .
tr	PRES	" Go right and take the first left , " he mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the light to find that Gary was alone in the room hovering half a foot above the bed in the grip of a nightmare .
tr	PAST	He tugged at the waistband of Ainsley 's skirt .
tr	PAST	Jason awoke in what looked like the same cell where the snake had bitten him .
tr	PRES	My daughter loves your books and I can tell you they sell very well for us here in the store . "
tr	PRES	Carl downs his drink and says nothing .
tr	PRES	Serena glances up at the cliffs , worried about Liam .
tr	PRES	" He loves you . "
tr	PAST	She grunted , " Fine !
tr	PRES	Part of me wishes I would have spoken up .
tr	PAST	" Doug doesn 't hate her , " Lila reprimanded Keke .
tr	PRES	Until he glanced over his shoulder , and saw the pack forming behind them .
tr	PRES	But Lucien supplies the answer himself , staring intensely at Soeren .
tr	PAST	" Well , it was with me in spirit , " I joked .
tr	PRES	He points to a few soldiers arranging the bodies in interminable lines on the sidewalks .
tr	PRES	" Medical experiments ? "
tr	PAST	" Here we are , " Jimmy announced , putting the truck in park .
tr	PAST	Sara exhaled a long breath .
tr	PRES	After a brief deliberation I chalked down another circle outside the copper one .
tr	PRES	" I screwed her over .
tr	PRES	' ' You okay sis ? "
tr	PRES	" With your blood-soaked wings you resemble me now , brother .
tr	PRES	No sooner had he reached the yawning maw when he heard a distant commotion of voices spilling toward him through the darkness .
tr	PRES	Shorter and shorter breaths until she felt a bit lightheaded .
tr	PRES	" Hopefully this buys us some time . "
tr	PRES	The shopkeeper comes over and shows Elijah a magazine the size of a postage stamp .
tr	PRES	Below me , the water creeps between the boulders as the tide comes in .
tr	PAST	The priest leaped to his feet .
tr	PRES	Midnight passes and I 'm twenty-five days and a million years from becoming a man .
tr	PAST	No one claimed it for a reason .
tr	PAST	Maybe even a bigger role than you ever dreamed for yourself . "
tr	PRES	" Or at least avoid going home , " Luke mutters , grumpily .
tr	PRES	" The longest journey begins with a single step and all that . "
tr	PRES	Aline clears her throat and glances at us as if worried that she is interrupting .
tr	PAST	" Yes , yes , an outstanding example of noble womanhood , I quite comprehend .
tr	PRES	I averted my eyes and slid out of the bed .
tr	PAST	He approached her slowly , every movement accented .
tr	PRES	The sun bears down on me as I attempt to remember some details of the previous night .
tr	PAST	She pitched forward and threw her arms around Garrett , hugging her body close to his .
tr	PAST	" You stated earlier you had hired your former husband to hide the Rubens painting and that was the reason for you visiting his ranch .
tr	PAST	He balled up his first attempt and threw it in the waste bin .
tr	PRES	" Hades will never let me go , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And your clan protects him ? "
tr	PRES	Below him , two figures slowly wove through the hedges .
tr	PRES	Mr. Rayburn brings a wealth of experience to the bench .
tr	PAST	A moment of shared memories exploded between them .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked away .
tr	PAST	But she represented something to Rush 's mother that couldn 't ever go away .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head toward the back of the bar .
tr	PRES	It falls to the floor and rolls under my dresser .
tr	PRES	Not that she carries the good stuff , but it 's the courtesy that matters . "
tr	PRES	" My deep appreciation stems from the fact that it appears you are the only one who is going to extend one .
tr	PAST	Ghost crouched down in front of the doorknob and extracted a black velvet pouch from his side pocket .
tr	PRES	" Are shields common ? "
tr	PAST	I thanked Jeanette again and headed slowly back towards the golden elevators .
tr	PRES	It uses a twenty-five caliber plastic round .
tr	PRES	Or they belong to a club that excludes you . '
tr	PRES	Apparently she likes the colour and patterns . '
tr	PAST	He sniffed back and wiped his eyes again .
tr	PAST	" Of course not , " she hastily denied .
tr	PRES	' How fascinating . '
tr	PAST	Leading him inside , she urged the king 's man to the table the children had just emptied .
tr	PAST	The windows boxed a gray and rainy day and let a little watery light into the room .
tr	PRES	It nearly kills me to say it .
tr	PRES	Adam pushes a plate of food in front of me ; the strength of his gaze is like a white-hot poker pressed against my skin .
tr	PAST	I yawned and stretched , still tired and achy , and Patrick handed me a mug of tea .
tr	PAST	While he untied it , she teased him further , following him to the open door .
tr	PRES	She stands , placing a hand on the dark window pane , seeing nothing , but continuing to stare .
tr	PRES	" The guests ? "
tr	PRES	" O ' ye of little faith .
tr	PRES	Olive loves playing Aunt . '
tr	PRES	Julie holds limply to my hand , staring at the side of my face with wide eyes , trembling lips .
tr	PAST	And then , with a final heaving cry , the elemental monster exploded into a thousand shards of ice that went flying in as many directions .
tr	PAST	He slowed the car .
tr	PAST	Can you also transport objects to me , sending them where I direct ? "
tr	PRES	' And nothing actually changes , even if it doesn 't stay the same .
tr	PAST	announced Coke excitedly , " He 's never been defeated you know ! "
tr	PRES	" Keep your eyes covered , " I warn as I lead them deeper into the tunnels .
tr	PAST	Raj squealed and jumped into Heather 's arms .
tr	PRES	Wouldn 't it just corrupt her ? "
tr	PAST	We provided everything for you , we had it all set up , and you agreed to do it .
tr	PRES	I trek the unpaved pathways between my truth and your delusions .
tr	PAST	Moving swiftly , she leaped away from the altar into the apse behind her and retreated back toward the giant black marble throne high on the wall .
tr	PRES	What if you underestimate him ? "
tr	PRES	he cracks his knuckles .
tr	PRES	Let 's scratch the itch once and for all and get it out of our system .
tr	PRES	She padded her away down the steps and ducked her head into the study .
tr	PAST	I have sensed them in you .
tr	PAST	She riveted her attention to the trees , her body completely still .
tr	PAST	Hot breath tickled her ear .
tr	PAST	" Help , Sissy , " Justin hollered , but the words were scrambled because he was laughing so hard .
tr	PAST	Every bit of insouciance fled and he felt as if he 'd been slammed in the gut .
tr	PAST	Fear replaced anger in the professor 's voice .
tr	PRES	And my daughters . "
tr	PRES	Put ' em back into their bodies ? "
tr	PRES	Then her gaze slides down to Marae 's murdered body .
tr	PRES	This incremental approach permits his adaptive physiology to process the chemical neurological change at a safe rate .
tr	PAST	For a second , my arms lingered at her hips , but then I let myself pull her close .
tr	PAST	Pulling back , Victor regarded her with a brooding gaze .
tr	PAST	Nova stares down at me with reluctance .
tr	PRES	I just wince and grab Camilla 's hand without knowing it 's her hand at first .
tr	PRES	He tries to back me against the wall , but I bounce off it .
tr	PAST	He zipped it up , securing her firmly inside .
tr	PRES	Little by little everything disappears , until the only sounds and smells he can detect is that of his prey moving swiftly through the forest .
tr	PRES	" Miss Gray . "
tr	PAST	She smacked her hand against the table .
tr	PAST	Hope washed over her .
tr	PRES	" A necklace . "
tr	PRES	He forgave her for what she had done .
tr	PRES	A witch deals with things ! '
tr	PRES	" I detest accounting .
tr	PAST	One or two vicious internal defences , bay door controls ... Their ship could easily be doomed by a random , accidentally triggered switch .
tr	PAST	He just ... trusted that I didn 't burn down Stone Pharma ?
tr	PAST	The wagon slowed its descent but it didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the cardboard square , put it down flat on a small pedestal beside him , and held out a transparent plastic bag .
tr	PRES	She sniffs and I think she 's crying .
tr	PAST	With one look at Polonius ' poised daggers , and another at the armoured giant , the drunken group subsided .
tr	PAST	He wagged a finger at me .
tr	PRES	She chuckles hoarsely again .
tr	PRES	He offers his elbow again .
tr	PAST	She sobbed and cried out , one hand following his forearm down to his wrist where he touched her .
tr	PRES	" You tempt much when you touch me .
tr	PRES	" It 's the top of the ninth , with the score Cubs one , Yankees zero .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I giggled .
tr	PRES	He stops and looks up at me .
tr	PRES	She carries chaos like an overcoat .
tr	PRES	The boy opens his hand and the beetle flies out of it .
tr	PAST	Chloe 's smile faltered and she suddenly touched my arm , turning around and leaning on the railing beside me .
tr	PAST	I instantly berated myself for pulling my hair up into a ponytail before we left .
tr	PRES	I lean back on his chest , or he presses himself against my back -- I 'm not sure anymore .
tr	PRES	He remembers his life .
tr	PAST	Now the protector freed itself from the savage prison with a savaging all its own .
tr	PRES	Only the praise of the storm brings comfort .
tr	PRES	30 THE LONG RIDE HOME " Grab on . "
tr	PRES	And once they 're old enough , it stops completely . "
tr	PAST	I swiped a loose strand of hair away from my face , tucking it behind my ear .
tr	PAST	Jared 's arms tensed against my strength , but I refused to let him pul the handle .
tr	PAST	Heather still trusted him not completely , but Captain Cook seemed to accept him as part of his crew .
tr	PAST	His face stoic , Ash stiffened as his back burned .
tr	PAST	I sensed his energy and stopped laughing .
tr	PRES	When we reach the door of the hut , Flynn releases my wrist .
tr	PRES	" We don 't have to be anywhere before tomorrow , " I add .
tr	PRES	Serena holds her breath .
tr	PRES	He objects to the investigation and he 's going to try to have me sent back to Earth . "
tr	PRES	He puffs out his chest a little , then strikes a mock pose by flexing his arms .
tr	PAST	Opening it , he withdrew a life preserver and somehow struggled into it .
tr	PAST	Sparks of blue electricity coiled around its body , and even from where she stood Zoey could smell a mixture of rotten eggs and pig manure .
tr	PRES	Maybe some hint that she wants to talk to me .
tr	PRES	" Leave your mind open to me , " Isaac whispers and I nod once , agreeing .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Frannie ? "
tr	PAST	Though they were his queen and princesses , in those wedding preparations , he ruled supreme .
tr	PAST	Chapter 5 Nita fidgeted uneasily in her freshly installed hammock .
tr	PAST	Now I felt much safer , I taped his ankles to the chair base .
tr	PRES	I fel into a restless sleep and woke way too early .
tr	PRES	" Out of their price range ?
tr	PAST	Emotions of a frightened child washed over her , dulling her senses to the crowd pushing against her , as he relentlessly lead the way .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my few belongings into my carpet bag , except for my sword and my necklace .
tr	PRES	Len and Jim begged , but were busy fighting .
tr	PRES	The moonlight streams into the room and lights us up like a couple of poltergeists .
tr	PRES	It only surfaces with genuine need .
tr	PAST	I smashed my fists against the door .
tr	PAST	Without blinking , keeping his gaze upon the giant beast , he uttered a short spell to the breeze .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not worried , " she denied , and then she dropped her head .
tr	PAST	Kayla clasped her hands in front of her as if she could scarcely contain the excitement .
tr	PAST	She extended a tanned hand toward Matteo as she eyed me curiously .
tr	PRES	" ' Deep in the forest lies the tomb Protected from all evil .
tr	PAST	She strapped her arms around his neck , holding on for the ride .
tr	PRES	" So I assume the spears and knives are for other dangers ? "
tr	PRES	' About more what mum ? '
tr	PRES	" Meaning what , precisely ? "
tr	PAST	" Not so loud , " Cole urged .
tr	PAST	Instead , I opted to try the graduate studies program that hadn 't really been active for five years .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... more magic ... just floating there . "
tr	PRES	Watching Marcy quickly move toward the square , Queen Zelda drifts past a house into a back alley .
tr	PRES	He whipped his head around .
tr	PAST	Still , none dared touch her and all of her attendants in Flattery 's compound kept her at a safe distance .
tr	PAST	You will only find mud , " Beppe stated jokingly .
tr	PRES	The smooth voice causes chills to erupt down my arms .
tr	PAST	She froze for an instant when he touched her breast .
tr	PRES	I ' d seen it and said nothing knowing he wouldn 't stop , wouldn 't care , would only say vicious things to me .
tr	PRES	Although he was very romantic in all those Doris Day movies . "
tr	PRES	Broken heart , boring life , treason .
tr	PRES	He loves the playground there and he wouldn 't question your presence as much as he would if you were to come to our house . "
tr	PAST	The current was so powerful , it churned the water to a white froth and carried along large boulders like they were Ping-Pong balls .
tr	PAST	She flattened her palms on his chest .
tr	PAST	He sobbed and whimpered .
tr	PRES	And then he lets security take him away .
tr	PRES	As if the years had stolen something precious from him .
tr	PAST	She preferred to keep him away from Iliana just on principle .
tr	PAST	The Texan grunted in reply , but continued to eye the trainees suspiciously as he walked with the rest of us around the training area .
tr	PRES	Every spot that didn 't have a flower had luscious green grass growing from the ground .
tr	PRES	Sugar and Spice wears everything nice . "
tr	PRES	He opens and closes his hand and a flame starts to burn , but then sizzles weakly .
tr	PRES	" A façade ? "
tr	PAST	Azim 's head exploded .
tr	PAST	In the end , nothing really tickled her fancy and she was relieved when Bessie arrived with the tea to distract her .
tr	PRES	Still grasping me , Isaiah slowly removes his wallet and tosses it in the direction of the police officer .
tr	PAST	Surely Lord Cleaver trusted him and knew his worth ?
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PRES	But times arrive when travellers are on their own , too early for dinner and too late to start something new .
tr	PAST	His to possess , his to torture ... his to enjoy in whatever fashion he desired .
tr	PAST	Lauren eyed her own plate and what she suspected were snails .
tr	PRES	She opens them to brown .
tr	PAST	The pitch , cadence and passion in his voice bore an eerie resemblance of the late Dr. King .
tr	PRES	It shone as bright as the Evening Star over a dark sea .
tr	PAST	I froze , our gazes locking for an instant , and then I pushed off him , retreating a couple of steps .
tr	PAST	He flicked a switch on the front of the machine and the lid rose to expose the screen .
tr	PRES	" Right , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Moving to the middle of the tunnel so he would have plenty of space to swing his deadly sword Styx eyed him with an unreadable expression .
tr	PRES	" In a sense , Sire .
tr	PAST	" Good luck in the plains , Tarik .
tr	PAST	Bex immediately sobered , looking to his older brother for confirmation .
tr	PRES	Fear snaps my fingers around the case instead .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my hands and stands .
tr	PAST	" I won 't do it , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	He wears a flowing white robe , and he makes a single gesture , a sweep of his graceful hand .
tr	PAST	He steered me toward the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Chapter Seventeen The Story Comes Out Throughout the introductions to Sibyl 's family , Colin kept her close by holding her hand .
tr	PRES	As I drifted back into oblivion , something teased at my mind .
tr	PRES	" So it begins , " Fortune said , and she reached for her queen 's pawn .
tr	PAST	" Captain , this is fortunate , " the doctor exclaimed , his face opening into a relieved smile .
tr	PAST	Less complicated that way .
tr	PAST	He quietly swore , his words muffled by the mask .
tr	PAST	When they pulled him over he acted all innocent until they looked in the back of his truck . "
tr	PRES	Tracy ... " More foot tapping .
tr	PAST	Concern pinched his features , making him somehow more handsome , more desirable .
tr	PRES	He slides one arm under my pillow and one over my side .
tr	PAST	And with that Ogg whisked a truculent Antonia off into another time .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me , and then looked at the darkening woods .
tr	PRES	She begins to smile slowly as she apparently realizes that she knows Cecilia , too .
tr	PAST	" Hold when thrown , " she said to the smaller one , then stuffed it into her pocket .
tr	PRES	My body stands up to follow Holder , but I leave my heart at the table .
tr	PAST	The woman flicked the black leather handle of a whip , a sign of preference , ownership , usage .
tr	PRES	St. Laurent Boulevard to be precise .
tr	PRES	It clears your mind . "
tr	PRES	" Norman Johnson . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you around a real workplace ? "
tr	PRES	Our technology allows us to see onto your world but it also allows us to choose a specific time to work in .
tr	PRES	A unicorn , the symbol of innocence , virginity .
tr	PAST	I awoke with the same heightened senses I 'd felt before .
tr	PRES	" Whitney knows she 's here , Jess .
tr	PRES	" Including the power to render us all unconscious at once , anytime and anyplace .
tr	PAST	The last kernel of hope shattered , lay broken at his feet .
tr	PAST	His car most likely cost more than our house .
tr	PRES	She begins to think she shouldn 't have come this way .
tr	PAST	You love it , my voice scoffed .
tr	PAST	I required large enough quantities of apathy to infect the entire universe .
tr	PAST	They received a message from Milton to get ready for battle .
tr	PRES	" Not you , Jess .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think you should be doing that , " he chided softly .
tr	PRES	Instead , he stops beside the chaise and looks down at me .
tr	PAST	The voice talking sounds really muffled while I 'm inside this suit .
tr	PRES	But first , about those seven tasks ... " He knocked Amjad 's arm off his shoulder .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my bed with extra sheets and pillows , letting him think I was fast asleep .
tr	PRES	Her toddler , a cute blonde in short pigtails , stands in the back of the cart .
tr	PRES	As you know , it channels the magic and makes you stronger .
tr	PRES	" You idiot , Urban , " I shouted again " Why did you do that ?
tr	PRES	" Your father loves you , brat .
tr	PRES	Jesse wove a tapestry of color , intertwined with historical facts , and people whom Emma would never know .
tr	PAST	He strung it up to drain and tacked the skin to the ground , scraping it with a sharp knife to begin the tanning process .
tr	PAST	" Continue , " she urged , stroking his hair , gently , caressing , lovingly .
tr	PAST	I slapped her hand away .
tr	PRES	" Oh , honey I don 't think she 's ready for that , " Amy explains in a sweet voice .
tr	PAST	The tentacles petted and caressed my hands and arms .
tr	PRES	" She 's not a hooker , " I protest .
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass , but there 's pills I 'm takin ' f ' r it ! "
tr	PRES	Or , indeed , anything with the word temporal in it ?
tr	PAST	Max persisted when she didn 't answer .
tr	PRES	In two seconds , I scramble to my feet and attack .
tr	PAST	Gloria clasped her hand over her mouth .
tr	PAST	Auron 's eyes glowed white , lightning danced around his body .
tr	PRES	" The vampires of legend , Nosferatu , also exist , but in very small numbers .
tr	PAST	An unseen branch swiped at her face and she cursed under her breath .
tr	PAST	" Only the old gray mare , " Henry reported .
tr	PAST	While everyone rushed past , Danni scrolled through the contacts list on her phone and chose Darren 's number .
tr	PRES	Sensing my scrutiny , he glances up and the corners of his mouth turn up slightly , but the smile doesn 't reach his eyes .
tr	PAST	Josie crawled slowly to her tent flap and began to unzip it .
tr	PAST	Her words sobered him , and the words of his brother rang in his ears .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 39 " Archer .
tr	PRES	" It was a mistake , " Jason begs , dropping to his knees .
tr	PRES	Bryan gently pet my hair .
tr	PAST	Now , as he moved through the house , he flicked on the lights .
tr	PAST	Love slowed the car and changed down a gear as he approached a parked lorry in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Like someone crushed my skull . "
tr	PAST	The door inched outward , cracked open just enough to show darkness on the other side .
tr	PRES	" About twelve and a half of your minutes . "
tr	PAST	Ava 's heart glowed as bright as the candles that surrounded them , while her pulse thumped rapidly .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to go first , but I felt really self-conscious that my big butt would be waving in his face .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	" I do not look like a sicko , " Craig defended , and I laughed .
tr	PAST	She froze in fear .
tr	PRES	He loves the bustle and life of the city .
tr	PRES	" A refill of water , and if you 've got some coffee I 'll love you forever . "
tr	PRES	She whispers , watching Michelle stroke Logan by the fire .
tr	PAST	For all the trouble Sampson had given them over the years , Dan entertained a fleeting thought .
tr	PRES	I shout at them to stop , to come back and help , but they disappear into the maelstrom .
tr	PAST	Mike 's jaw tensed , his teeth grinding in anger .
tr	PRES	Taking a step back , she asked in a small voice , " So , um , what about this urgent errand ?
tr	PRES	" Duck Cody ! "
tr	PAST	Nobody had chased her out of the room .
tr	PRES	" Everything al right ? "
tr	PRES	My mom passes her hand absentmindedly through a field of waving grasses .
tr	PAST	Then the disorientation washed away and became a hot anger .
tr	PRES	This city stands majestically out in the open , towering to the heavens , sparkling with radiance .
tr	PAST	Zhao described his height and strength , the red-and-white hair , and the viciousness that was hidden behind the calm exterior .
tr	PRES	I quietly awakened Bull and the others and began to tell of what I had seen .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Bree .
tr	PRES	Those women with their slender h * ps piss me off . "
tr	PAST	he slapped Dario 's hand , sliding into their accustomed handshake .
tr	PRES	For the slightest hint .
tr	PAST	Anna 's almond shaped eyes glowed with happiness as Garcia approached her .
tr	PAST	In town , something exploded .
tr	PAST	Huntress scoffed and shook her head , " He should be behind bars . "
tr	PAST	Nina shoved Seth toward a door labeled stairs on the other side of the room .
tr	PAST	But her hand froze halfway to the latch , and a shudder of fear snapped her out of her hypnotized state .
tr	PAST	The Ford sped off into the desert .
tr	PAST	She stares up for a moment at the oatmeal ceiling .
tr	PAST	I leaped over Forty-five 's body and the human looked back as I gained on him .
tr	PAST	She barged past us into the hall .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , letting Harper down , really not wanting to let Harper down .
tr	PAST	He wriggled like a trout hooked by a particularly attractive lure .
tr	PRES	" And he loves you .
tr	PAST	" I giggled and she couldn 't help but join me .
tr	PRES	He points over the heads of the gathered crowd : " That 's them !
tr	PRES	" The older sister , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	Whatever we build , it falls apart , causing untold disasters . '
tr	PAST	She sniffed it and then looked at me .
tr	PAST	But this experience proved to her that she really did matter and that Mark did love and care about her .
tr	PRES	I cal ed sharply , assuming it was a porter arriving with more scones or another selection of papers .
tr	PRES	" Smoking weed ! "
tr	PRES	Your body remembers it . "
tr	PRES	Her buttocks and lowered abdomen stung .
tr	PRES	I scramble for my phone to call Logan .
tr	PAST	At first , he sensed by his son 's silent and motionless reaction to his arrival that something was not right with him .
tr	PRES	" Priya , " Alba murmurs , her mouth curved with amusement .
tr	PRES	" Sorry about that , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	If he kills everyone aboard the Orbiter .
tr	PAST	Gary walled her in from the other side , recognizing the menacing glitter in the cold silver of Gregori 's eyes .
tr	PAST	As he pulled away , he tugged her bottom lip with his teeth and released it with a smile .
tr	PRES	They handcuffed her and threw her into the jeep like a prisoner .
tr	PRES	A tiny TV mumbled in the corner .
tr	PAST	She quickly regained her composure after the initial shock of seeing him .
tr	PAST	" I elbowed some woman by accident at the coffee shop .
tr	PRES	He digs into the truck console , pulls out a watch , and puts it on his left wrist .
tr	PAST	The sounds conjured images of epic battle .
tr	PAST	Gina exclaimed , a bit too loudly , as she shook her head yes .
tr	PAST	Pressing his tongue into her cunt , he glided his tongue up to circle her clit .
tr	PAST	I tipped my hat to her .
tr	PAST	She dove into his arms , wrapping herself around him to hug him tight .
tr	PRES	She tries to hit one of them but they swat her away like a fly and she hits the ground again .
tr	PRES	Edwards , lets go . "
tr	PRES	In other words , until lightning strikes again ! "
tr	PRES	She drums her fingers on the counter .
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon ? "
tr	PRES	I was classically trained with Bach and Mozart , she hates anything composed beyond the nineteenth century , save maybe for Sibelius . "
tr	PAST	Above me , I sensed the meteor storm stopping .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	He smacked my ass lightly .
tr	PAST	If you love someone you do anything for them , " Linda reiterated almost to herself .
tr	PAST	A lady named Edith Benson . "
tr	PAST	Her breath bounced off the rock and blew back into her face .
tr	PRES	" Will you , as Atman , vanish as you become one with Brahman ?
tr	PAST	" You don 't really want me , " she countered with increasing panic and looked around .
tr	PAST	The happiness and anger battled for control in my chest like a pair of ancient Greco-Roman wrestlers .
tr	PRES	Like Dylan 's car keys into the heating vent .
tr	PRES	Viola matches my speed before we get far at all .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his hand , wiping the dampness from my hair onto a small white towel .
tr	PAST	They underestimated the size and will of the OC Coalition and lacked a plan other than marching up the gauntlet of a lead firestorm .
tr	PAST	A cool head and determination equaled profit .
tr	PAST	She wagged a naughty finger .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , glancing down at her sweet face as I pushed the cart into the first set of aisles .
tr	PRES	Am I ok ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over my body then my face .
tr	PAST	Jack caressed her cheek with the back of his finger .
tr	PAST	I busted into laughter at the horrified look on Dee 's face and the curious one that crossed Lesa 's .
tr	PRES	" A stockpile or a new batch . "
tr	PAST	" I just want to touch you , baby , " he rasped , his voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	" We have a new copying system , " she lectured downward through her nose .
tr	PAST	She strapped on her sword and dagger , acknowledging to herself that they were more for show than use at the moment .
tr	PAST	As the device cleared and began to ascend up into the larger unit , his voice shattered the stillness .
tr	PRES	" Too bad you 're straight ... " " Melody ! "
tr	PAST	Haven 's stomach churned ruthlessly at the sight of it .
tr	PRES	Mike reaches around to the back seat , takes out his laptop and powers up .
tr	PRES	He slides his arm across the back of the sofa and behind me .
tr	PRES	" Rachel ... " Enough .
tr	PRES	" Not even two weeks , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	The room vanished , replaced by the same forest pathway we had seen first .
tr	PRES	True loves not fabricated Who are we to try to make it ?
tr	PAST	A gun exploded , close by .
tr	PAST	I painted them peach with white daisies on them .
tr	PRES	" At the beginning always helps . "
tr	PRES	" The one where my mom pulls me into the living room when nobody 's watching and tells me she really , really likes you . "
tr	PAST	He stole a car , Mary Ann .
tr	PAST	She had stopped her whittling and was now facing the slave , elbows propped on her knees .
tr	PRES	' Henry Mason here ; the job is done . '
tr	PAST	I enquired , studying Sara 's blue eyes as she avoided mine , seeing more than she was saying .
tr	PAST	He shuffled aside the magnifying glass , two pressure bandages , an eye patch , fishing hooks , until he found Band-Aids and the tube of disinfectant .
tr	PRES	She removes her mask .
tr	PRES	I generally feed her close to the beginning of the month , though she can , in a pinch , go weeks without nourishment .
tr	PRES	It seemed whenever I gave him more than a cold shoulder , he mistook it for flirting .
tr	PRES	Two of them flank the couch where Maddy sits with her head in her hands .
tr	PAST	He experienced a definite sense of dj vu , only the memory mixing with this reality was of Bessie seated fearfully on the bench .
tr	PAST	He sought out her mouth again , pressed his tongue inside and licked and sucked his way to paradise .
tr	PRES	The man digs into his pockets and pulls out four bullets .
tr	PRES	" The prodigal son returns . "
tr	PAST	William promptly downed half the contents from the glass .
tr	PAST	Later , when she was with Mia , guilt smacked her just as hard .
tr	PAST	Their white wings flapped .
tr	PAST	His blood froze instantly , sealing the wound .
tr	PAST	A single raft inched across the water , bucking and turning as it made the treacherous crossing with a wagon .
tr	PRES	Chapter Thirteen Bishop The urge to puke hits , and I actually have to fight it down .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Lauren .
tr	PRES	She reaches a hand down to wipe away her drawing , but I touch her wrist .
tr	PAST	" She more lucid in the mornings , anyway .
tr	PRES	Nothing affects him , good or bad .
tr	PAST	He hauled me back upright .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	Sir exclaimed , " That 's real good , Boy , for it could be another memory that will perhaps lead you to your identity !
tr	PAST	He zipped up the bag , slung it back over his shoulder , and handed the book to Verity .
tr	PAST	His dog cowered closer to the ground , whimpering .
tr	PAST	The band collapsed into their instruments and slid off the stage .
tr	PRES	He loves so wholly .
tr	PRES	The automatic pilot brings them back to reality : " We have arrived . "
tr	PAST	She washed her hands and began preparing the sauce , listening to the quiet rumble of the men 's voices from the living room .
tr	PAST	" A hacked them , too .
tr	PAST	" You 've kissed and made up , " Anna stated with a smile .
tr	PAST	I froze as I remembered two men frantically muttering something .
tr	PAST	Noelle washed her mouth out at the sink , trying to rid it of the essence of decaying stuffed animals .
tr	PAST	To stay out of touch , secluded and alone .
tr	PAST	They protected the citizens under their care while gathering food , water , and needed medical care .
tr	PAST	Your written exam proved that .
tr	PRES	All his classmates . "
tr	PRES	He sighs , but eventually relents .
tr	PRES	Too late now eh ? '
tr	PAST	Her mind sped through possibilities she couldn 't wait to explore once they arrived back at base .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number and asked for the proper extension .
tr	PAST	The prison tormented her .
tr	PAST	He swirled his tongue with hers in a way that had her body heating , which was saying something since her jacket already had her roasting .
tr	PAST	Not after seeing Megan in the lake , which proved to me that there was something more beyond what we know .
tr	PRES	My right arm throbs , but I don 't mind .
tr	PRES	The shadows wash over him .
tr	PAST	They plunged on , the long , brown grass whipping at the legs of their horses .
tr	PAST	He glowed , burst into orange-red flames , sending noxious fumes into the air .
tr	PAST	Stretching his arms above his head , he yawned widely .
tr	PRES	And my greatest weakness . "
tr	PAST	That Mercer had flat out taunted him with ?
tr	PAST	I almost hollered back .
tr	PRES	Turning , she sees Bader and Table and waves .
tr	PAST	A wave of nausea assaulted him as he struggled to his feet .
tr	PAST	He awoke to find the day brightening and that Ian now leaned on the bow .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side .
tr	PRES	Because our families don 't approve of us . "
tr	PRES	My mind whispers and I swallow back another wave of nausea .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at her lips as the gesture also pulled at her heart .
tr	PAST	After a minute , the train screeched and began to move again .
tr	PRES	" Speaking of bangs .
tr	PAST	The paint soaked in making it heavier .
tr	PAST	I tugged the wig on , hoping no one had seen my transformation .
tr	PRES	" We ditch the plane . "
tr	PAST	* * * We hurried past the ruined blocks as quickly as we could , then marveled as the streets returned to life around us .
tr	PAST	Jenna always sensed she was full of magical powers .
tr	PAST	The eastern sky glowed but the sun was still below the horizon and mist lingered in the streets .
tr	PRES	David 's voice rises up the stairway .
tr	PAST	When Blake headed down his street , he slowed just as soon as he had accelerated .
tr	PAST	The air around me ceased .
tr	PRES	" Get up , " I snap , my voice harsher than I intended .
tr	PAST	The train slowed once more as it pulled into Kings Langley and Ryan caught a fleeting glimpse of a solitary passenger on the platform .
tr	PAST	A smile split from his mouth when he saw Len .
tr	PAST	It steadied itself and lurched on .
tr	PAST	She shrieked in fury at his grip , and struggled to be free .
tr	PRES	After Chester left , A.J. plopped down on a box of leg wraps .
tr	PAST	Claire squinted her eyes at Sarah but didn 't say anything further .
tr	PRES	Willem enters the stage .
tr	PAST	I cleaned the mess .
tr	PAST	She stomped to her car .
tr	PAST	He yawned in an ostentatious lack of sympathy .
tr	PRES	We 're going as fast as we can , but we can 't do everything at once , " the officer explains .
tr	PRES	The sun shone favorably on the city like it had most other days in the year .
tr	PAST	* * * That night Levi dreamed of a woman .
tr	PAST	Without waiting for an answer , she clutched a blanket around herself and gestured for him to follow .
tr	PAST	In retaliation I smashed a soft fluffy pillow over my face in an attempt to either drown out the noise or suffocate myself -- whichever came first .
tr	PAST	Moments later he replaced it and within seconds the four of them had mounted their bikes and sped off down the road .
tr	PAST	The river eventually slowed and broadened as it flowed into Gibson Reservoir .
tr	PAST	Izzy charged back down the stairs , stopping briefly in front of them while she danced back and forth on her toes .
tr	PRES	On Saturday , Project Ruth begins .
tr	PAST	He stares at me again .
tr	PAST	His eyebrow flicked up , but apart from that , I couldn 't read his expression .
tr	PAST	I could have lied and told them that the baby was mine , though I don 't know how much that would have helped .
tr	PRES	" If they 're trying to breed Shifters . "
tr	PAST	My husband , Myles , dealt with it . "
tr	PAST	His teeth chattered and his skin became numb .
tr	PRES	I delve deeper , pumping in and out with a rhythm as old as time itself .
tr	PAST	" Never seen him before , " I lied , shutting the door and locking it .
tr	PRES	" To some extent . "
tr	PAST	That bothered me more than it should .
tr	PRES	" Got it , " I shout , waving .
tr	PRES	The grey clad man reaches out to her , his gloved hand beckoning .
tr	PRES	I echo the words in my head .
tr	PRES	When they became more interested in mental and spiritual development and stopped worrying about keeping the species alive physically . "
tr	PAST	" To your future wedded bliss , Hawk . "
tr	PAST	exclaimed Aunt Marilyn , " this sure is quite the , um , well , what is it you call this thing , Tim ? "
tr	PAST	He twirled her around again , and then another time , and then they had gone out one of the open doors to the gardens .
tr	PRES	several peasants around the area often steals and poach from my father ... . . "
tr	PRES	" This is untenable , " Gavin stalked out the French doors .
tr	PAST	The motorcycles circled them one last time and then stopped .
tr	PRES	Bile rises to my throat with the thought .
tr	PRES	She snorts a laugh .
tr	PRES	" I represent an individual who is extremely interested in acquiring inside information about Jones and Jones .
tr	PRES	The woman flips over two more cards , explaining them to Charlie , but I don 't hear a single word she says .
tr	PRES	Beast falls back to ride beside me .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for coming , Sergio .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PAST	A mocking laugh boomed .
tr	PRES	" To Quentin . "
tr	PAST	" Our excavations of ancient burial sites revealed to us that some of the first intelligent bipeds had been similar to us in many ways .
tr	PAST	I slowed them so that we could battle and they wouldn 't freak and be hurt by it . "
tr	PAST	I doubted they could see me , but I froze in place just in case .
tr	PAST	' I installed the water heaters .
tr	PAST	Jamie giggled , her voice a little hoarse and a lot shallow as her oxygen levels dropped .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed feverishly , and I shrank back .
tr	PRES	" You trifle with me stranger ? "
tr	PAST	Pieces of the wall shattered to the ground .
tr	PRES	" After what he did , he deserves to be demonized . "
tr	PAST	They dumped the barrel of freshly cleaned fish with similar contempt .
tr	PAST	Alec taxied the yellow Piper past me , waving to me from the cockpit .
tr	PAST	* Jack Renton hated the drive from Newcastle to Durham , not the journey itself , rather the reason for it .
tr	PAST	" He should know better than to wait for that , " Kiran joked lightly .
tr	PAST	She dialed her voicemail .
tr	PRES	A prime piece of valuable real estate and a relatively large parcel if the barns beyond the main structure were included .
tr	PRES	" This necklace protects you from my compulsion , but I wonder if it will protect you from this . "
tr	PRES	The bedspread that covered it was an intricately embroidered fabric , replete with swirling shapes and designs .
tr	PRES	The keys jingle , once , as he holds them above the secret compartment , as if unsure what to do with them .
tr	PRES	He stands up , paces the room , then stops in front of me .
tr	PRES	The difference between here and there disappears .
tr	PAST	They stripped off his suit and wrapped him in a silver blanket and held him until his shivering lessened , then finally stopped .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on a bench outside the Stardust Hotel , wondering what to do next .
tr	PRES	I limp off toward the back of the apartment building , my arms and legs sore and stiff , my movements lethargic .
tr	PRES	Mari 's pink lips linger so close , but she doesn 't close the distance between them .
tr	PAST	When I found out he 'd actually driven out to Hotshot , I exploded .
tr	PAST	I doubted he 'd care .
tr	PAST	He proved , back in 1923 , that a man couldn 't run a mile in under four minutes .
tr	PRES	" It was not me , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Hope brightened her stare .
tr	PRES	Chapter Five Pagan " Please .
tr	PRES	Besides , I still work in space , " Jason states happily .
tr	PRES	Heads up , bro .
tr	PRES	Baxter , Printer , Oxford .
tr	PAST	In a state of embarrassed disbelief Jock attempted to depart the growing agitation and found his way blocked by the adoring crowd .
tr	PAST	She motioned that I do the same .
tr	PAST	It smashed on the floor .
tr	PRES	A cool breeze tickles there as he leans down close .
tr	PAST	You lied to me . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Albert .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and grabs my hand , nestling it within his on his leg .
tr	PAST	Percival padded his pockets , looking for his cell phone .
tr	PRES	He strokes my cheek gently .
tr	PRES	The sand ripples , then spits up a meagre glob .
tr	PAST	He exploded , the hot release jetting deep inside her while her muscles convulsed around his .
tr	PRES	" And my brat . "
tr	PRES	A guard stands fifteen meters to my right , and another three are twenty meters to my left .
tr	PRES	Unbeknownst to me , someone opens my door .
tr	PRES	" She loves me , so it can 't be sexual harassment .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PAST	His arms convulsed around her , his heart ramping up until he could feel it slam against her soft back .
tr	PAST	She acted much the same way that first night , although I couldn 't be sure it was for the same reason .
tr	PAST	The arrow severed the apple and the crowd cheered .
tr	PRES	" No vamps around ? "
tr	PRES	" Torres likes to know everything , especially when it involves a murder victim . "
tr	PAST	" Look , " he scooted closer to me and held my head on his shoulders .
tr	PRES	She reaches the gazebo and stands across from Bryan , and the two of them are so ridiculously happy .
tr	PRES	" You helm a media company .
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the exit slit in the fabric wall .
tr	PAST	The early morning sunlight reflected off the diamond , instantly setting it into a glittering fire .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha ! "
tr	PAST	The passengers cheered , their voices echoing through the cavernous metal tunnel filled with packed rows of webbed seats .
tr	PRES	" So what do you do , Annie ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh god oh god . "
tr	PRES	She stank and was crying .
tr	PAST	A little girl named Loo glanced up at him in fright .
tr	PRES	Courtney sighs and the ponytail stills .
tr	PAST	Eric sensed the terror of smaller creatures among the creosote and sage .
tr	PAST	I 've avoided the playground there like the plague my whole life , " Declan joked .
tr	PAST	A pulse chugged in his throat .
tr	PRES	... and then I fel through a hole , and I landed in the al ey .
tr	PAST	All this the wolf experienced .
tr	PAST	With every ounce of faith I prayed that I had more -- and I breathed a silent prayer of thanks when my fingers closed on two .
tr	PRES	Lightning flashes from Des 's whip striking the bear 's head .
tr	PAST	But the black hole still engulfed them .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in broken English .
tr	PAST	His gaze hooked on Cassie .
tr	PAST	I find it a few feet away , the blade soaked with blood .
tr	PRES	" Fuck Viktor . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I shout , reacting quickly to push the outermost lights back in place before they can buckle .
tr	PRES	" Any last name Roberto ? "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the creature exploded forward , vanquishing this chance .
tr	PRES	The area fills with smoke and dust , making it hard to breathe .
tr	PRES	Nobody likes an unhappy protagonist .
tr	PRES	" Trust me , " Jack attempts to urge me forward .
tr	PAST	He tipped my chin up , forcing me to meet his pale , almost translucent eyes .
tr	PRES	My mother and father freaked , and would not allow that , so they did the next best thing .
tr	PAST	Tanner 's insistent voice pierced Kathleen 's foggy need to sleep .
tr	PAST	" Long ago , Master Kahn ruled one of the western provinces .
tr	PRES	" How about these bins ? "
tr	PRES	Finally , the curtain falls , and I am overcome with emotion .
tr	PAST	Edward extended his hand .
tr	PRES	My heart drums hard in my throat , and there 's a foul taste in my mouth .
tr	PAST	He slowed as he passed Charlotte 's Attic .
tr	PAST	I pretended like I hadn 't heard .
tr	PRES	He taunts us with the idea of Idris , yet she confesses he is not there .
tr	PRES	Bobby slams the book shut .
tr	PAST	I threaded my fingers through his , and he pulled me up .
tr	PRES	He holds out the dish of candy and rattles it in my direction .
tr	PAST	The two of them chased across the Great Hall and Lina grabbed him by the cloak and shoved him against the wall just behind the throne .
tr	PRES	She gripped him , nails digging into his chest .
tr	PAST	When the beams collapsed , so did the wall . "
tr	PAST	The elevator chimed , and the doors swept open .
tr	PRES	The head of the axe melts .
tr	PAST	It touches his chest then closes its hand as if it has a part of something tangible .
tr	PAST	She sensed that it was the real thing .
tr	PRES	He begged me to pump , so that at night he could get up with her and give her a bottle while I got some sleep .
tr	PAST	" Good heavens , did Anderson hurt you ? "
tr	PRES	" She should have planned this out better , " Mark mumbled through clenched teeth .
tr	PRES	I file the wedding ring conversation away in my head .
tr	PAST	From its darkness , Vulcan emerged .
tr	PRES	His spiky blond hair was stil spiked , his lopsided grin stil lopsided , his blue eyes stil blue .
tr	PRES	He loves banana oatmeal . "
tr	PRES	" Now , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled closer and laid her arm across Kara 's rib cage .
tr	PAST	Loran crouched in front of her .
tr	PRES	One of the most incredible medical cures in human history ... or shark fin soup .
tr	PRES	" No , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	My mind scrolled through options and then just as quickly dismissed them .
tr	PAST	I awoke with a start .
tr	PAST	After what seemed like a fire work display on the top floor , he ceased .
tr	PRES	You don 't want to end up back in the hospital , I assume ? "
tr	PRES	It belong to me now .
tr	PRES	She dreaded finding out how dear old Daddy planned to mess with her head .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , Alexandra pretended that she was the Mama , and did all the things for Mama that Mama did for her when she cried .
tr	PAST	Unless , the Duke of Banbury denied all accusations .
tr	PAST	She flicked a hard glance at his arm then looked back in his eyes again .
tr	PAST	He calculated one course for each .
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore into mine .
tr	PRES	" Says the guy who hasn 't been here since he was six .
tr	PRES	His uncle bangs on the door repeatedly .
tr	PAST	My smile matched his , as I stroked the rough stubble on his face .
tr	PAST	He then flicked it into the trees below and gazed out at the setting sun .
tr	PRES	Bringing her will to bear , she throws out her voice to the spectators for all to hear .
tr	PRES	Miss Black stops me , " Avery , your preference sheet ? "
tr	PRES	" I swear to God , she likes you . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , that would be very helpful , " Dagger states happily .
tr	PRES	I wipe the mist out of my eyes , " I didn 't think I 'd ever call this number again . "
tr	PRES	" And the cloak . "
tr	PAST	He crouched beside her , his martini in one hand .
tr	PRES	Her hand slides down her belly , and I imagine she 's reaching into her curls .
tr	PAST	Finally , he mopped up the excess water and ash .
tr	PAST	" I 'll go , " I stated .
tr	PRES	When we are in pain , time slows down .
tr	PRES	Turns out it wasn 't his faith at all , but rather a dog . "
tr	PRES	" Finally , a crack in your composure . "
tr	PAST	He prayed that there was still time .
tr	PAST	Paul scooted out a chair at the cluttered kitchen table , and Joe soon joined him .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around his broad shoulders , digging my hands into his chestnut hair .
tr	PAST	Then she slapped her hand on the handle of the shower and shut off the water .
tr	PRES	I can " " Danni , stop , " Darren said , and Danni blinked at the harsh tone of his voice .
tr	PAST	She caressed the muscled arm encircling her and rolled over .
tr	PAST	The kitchen abruptly lightened as the new bulb screwed into place .
tr	PRES	Thomas just loves working there . "
tr	PRES	Christina clutches me tighter as he walks past us , without even looking at me .
tr	PAST	I squinted , trying to focus on what he was seeing .
tr	PAST	He scribbled raw ideas on his notebook but he eventually erased them when he thought they were either lame or impossible .
tr	PRES	He stands in the doorway , watching me in my robe .
tr	PRES	The problem lies far deeper than any bullet can pierce .
tr	PAST	Normal men feared the mists , and that made them less valuable .
tr	PRES	She sniffs and nods , still too choked up to speak .
tr	PAST	When they were all gone , he fanned his fingers through her long , curly hair , shaking it loose .
tr	PRES	" They tried telling me that you had escaped and left me here , " she whispers against my ear .
tr	PRES	You are like Lazarus , " He teased .
tr	PAST	Then , not even knowing what I had done wrong , guards seized me .
tr	PRES	It helps you remember .
tr	PAST	Got to walk you back to bed . "
tr	PAST	For a moment , Cynthia 's stern expression faltered .
tr	PRES	You teach explanation of this ? "
tr	PRES	Then she reaches up , grabs my arms and with no warning , flings them off her .
tr	PRES	" He hears you , he even recognizes you , but he remembers nothing of his old life .
tr	PRES	" Hi sweetie . "
tr	PRES	The shadow glides forward and Kim steps out and stares at the door with her serious gray eyes .
tr	PRES	He pushes me back against the refrigerator and brings his lips dangerously close to mine .
tr	PAST	Marius sniffed loudly and wiped his nose .
tr	PAST	He generated leads for us . "
tr	PAST	Aside from Derek , one more thing bothered my every waking moment : I am the immune .
tr	PAST	He attempted to reach it with his tongue but could not come close .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side , wondering which one of his brothers was responsible for his adopted sister 's weird reaction .
tr	PRES	He hates me for what I did and he has every right to hate me .
tr	PRES	" Maybe he just likes us ? "
tr	PAST	As the raft slowly drifted toward the planet , she floated her way through the zero-gravity of space back to her bedding .
tr	PAST	She clutched his shoulders , hands turning to claws again .
tr	PRES	I assume he probably hasn 't had any schooling since his parents died .
tr	PAST	The sound of the elements wreaking havoc outside matched the thundering yearning inside his soul .
tr	PAST	At the airport , they thanked the aircrew for a great flight , and were ushered into a waiting limousine .
tr	PRES	Mom pinches my arm .
tr	PRES	Dallas stands there , a gothic vision in black and red .
tr	PAST	Sebastian cocked his head to the side , surprised by the sudden surge of violence in the stone .
tr	PRES	Billy likes 'em real young too , that 's why he 's always buyin ' those underage girls alcohol .
tr	PAST	She chalked it up to desperate loneliness .
tr	PAST	The bottle -- followed by at least three more -- smashed into his face , the shards of glass shattering his syringe .
tr	PRES	" Or film another one of these videos . "
tr	PAST	They preferred not to intervene in an argument .
tr	PAST	A third strand snaked within the heart of the typical double helix .
tr	PAST	Again Bond pinched the ear , and again .
tr	PRES	Watching the team work , Gray Wolf comments , " This isn 't going to work , Black Beard .
tr	PAST	I plopped down in my seat , smiling as I felt a familiar finger on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" A good attorney always tries to anticipate his clients ' needs , Mr. Beaumont .
tr	PRES	" H ... Hey , sunshine . "
tr	PAST	She blanched , blinking back her tears , but she didn 't deny that she 'd hoped he would kill her husband .
tr	PRES	Eddie rang , his voice panicky .
tr	PRES	" Now , now , Zane .
tr	PAST	When the first chord of the new song was strummed , my heart sped up .
tr	PAST	" Awesome , " Trevor approved .
tr	PAST	Yes , she 'd lied .
tr	PRES	" What about the tubes ? "
tr	PRES	" Hey , Baby , what the fuck with the drink ? "
tr	PRES	Who remembers being four ? "
tr	PRES	" She just reminds me of my grandma , that ´ s all , " I add .
tr	PAST	She shuffled through until she found her car keys .
tr	PRES	Instead he crushed herbs , soothing , healing herbs that carried the scents of their homeland to them .
tr	PRES	She deserves a proper burial .
tr	PRES	She stops in front of the safe , shielding from us the secret numbered keypad set in the reinforced steel door .
tr	PAST	Ryland 's frown deepened .
tr	PAST	Autumn thanked the woman both for the information and for helping with her grandmother and told her she 'd come back later to see Dr. Southerland .
tr	PRES	Nobody misses the carnival . "
tr	PRES	The two of them together , " Leora whispers with wonder written all over her face .
tr	PRES	And , dreamers , lovers , children , both are lies .
tr	PRES	Sympathy bleeds through the cracks of old machinery .
tr	PAST	Cassie downed the last of her OJ and placed the glass in the sink .
tr	PAST	I , however , invented new curse words while Smith wrapped his arm around something that wasn 't his , and led her toward his truck .
tr	PRES	Lily burst out , tears shimmering in her eyes .
tr	PAST	I preferred to have her alone but this was okay .
tr	PRES	The English noble attempts to assume an air of indifference and states , " With your permission , we will now leave . "
tr	PAST	Kiara pretended to be surprised .
tr	PAST	" Nice place , " I mumbled to Ares as I scooted a little closer to him .
tr	PAST	No one bothered us .
tr	PAST	She took it neatly , eyed the second half as she ate .
tr	PRES	Once a woman has a man figured out , she loses interest . "
tr	PAST	Tristan cringed under the long fingers .
tr	PAST	The events of the evening swirled furiously around Emma 's head .
tr	PRES	It causes the woman to produce some of the - er - grease , as Ducky referred to it , down there . "
tr	PAST	Chris and Duff clipped the badges to their shirt pockets .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked to the picture on the floor , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	PAST	Stinging grains of sand smashed against him and drove him back against the stone wall cowering against the onslaught of tiny sand pellets .
tr	PAST	For the next hour , I resigned myself to being poked and prodded by Anna and the other scientists .
tr	PAST	A vibe of nonhuman energy whipped off him , sending my sixth sense into overdrive .
tr	PRES	He holds it aside and instantly someone appears to take it away , as Isaac 's fingers find the buttons of Rebecca 's shirt .
tr	PAST	Asha cocked her head but looked confused .
tr	PAST	I know I 'm lucky , " Nick rumbled .
tr	PRES	It bleeds a lot too .
tr	PRES	The heat melts her outer skin and face as she screams in terror .
tr	PRES	He slapping his fat hands together .
tr	PAST	Ash tensed , but before he could do anything , Puck stepped between us , an evil grin stretching his face .
tr	PAST	Brennan tensed and stilled his hand .
tr	PAST	James took a sip of his milk , he squinted when he thought about the thick slabs of coughing Sophie 's mom sent down the stairs .
tr	PRES	Nice to see you , too , " she teased .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply ; there was a violent heave as his body reacted to the gas .
tr	PRES	' The vocalist approaches the girl but bottles it deciding he 'll wait until Saturday .
tr	PRES	Pointing further out into the sea and over to her right , Jody begins to laugh , " And look at that one , Daddy .
tr	PRES	To achieve that goal he was willing to say anything , confess to any folly , until Arik appeared with Jennifer in tow .
tr	PAST	" Paul , it 's your turn to rotate in , " Mary intruded on his thoughts .
tr	PRES	" You crack me up . "
tr	PAST	" Come on , " I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" He and a human girl destroyed one of our facilities !
tr	PAST	I scooted over to where he had sat , desiring to be near him .
tr	PAST	We thanked him , encouraged him to stay but he said he and Karol needed to get home .
tr	PAST	The voice rasped into her ear like a jar full of wasps .
tr	PAST	My parents dictated what I did for years .
tr	PAST	Thick carpets muffled her footfalls as she strode to the mahogany desk near the bay window .
tr	PRES	We collapse , panting , pulses racing .
tr	PAST	Then he cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	" So you projected yourself as a savior by painting an entirely different picture .
tr	PAST	" How 's Jarrod ! "
tr	PAST	Emily regarded him with concern .
tr	PAST	Mom squinted against the light , cringing back .
tr	PAST	Ares scoffed , " You don 't know him very well . "
tr	PAST	I almost shrank from his touch .
tr	PRES	Before you ask , yes , she actually talks like that .
tr	PRES	Thomas clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" ... Colors ? "
tr	PAST	None provided any useful information .
tr	PRES	Nicole likes the idea and we walk back to my house .
tr	PRES	" Ten years of craft learning kind of wears you down .
tr	PAST	She preferred staying in the room she used as her painting studio .
tr	PRES	Another voice joins his outside .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you up to visit this time ? "
tr	PAST	At the time Los Angeles provided one-fourth of all oil consumed in the world and it sparked the first real population explosion in the city .
tr	PRES	I shout when Day comes onto the line .
tr	PRES	Kenji relaxes a little .
tr	PAST	His admonition for me to stay away from the vampires only served to make me more curious .
tr	PAST	Markus and I split up and I headed to my first class .
tr	PRES	my grandmother bellows from the porch .
tr	PRES	" My mother pays for all his booze .
tr	PAST	I quickly glazed over the fact that a video existed .
tr	PAST	She marveled at the warmth she 'd felt when Kennedy 's hand held hers .
tr	PAST	Jason exhaled a sweet , lemon tasting breath laced with a metallic aftertaste -- the anesthesia .
tr	PAST	Guilt washed over me as I began to wonder if choosing to raise him had caused this chain of events .
tr	PAST	Chapter 2 Although she was far from bored , Mallory yawned as they strolled through St. Mark 's Square .
tr	PRES	" The daddy rule still applies .
tr	PRES	No one uses it in the morning .
tr	PAST	Instead , his actions resulted in you nearly burning to death .
tr	PAST	Cale 's body all but vibrated with rage .
tr	PAST	Like a mouse would take from a piece of bread , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	Erin opens her mouth , no doubt to call Rod on his racist statement , but then she thinks better of it .
tr	PRES	She yawns , stretching her arms above her and I catch a glimpse of her bare stomach ; flat , tiny , and firm .
tr	PRES	How plead you ? "
tr	PAST	When he couldn 't touch her , his hands fisted .
tr	PRES	" We 're demon fodder if we stay , " I snap , then throw myself through the window and out of the demonic universe of death .
tr	PRES	With his arm still reached out towards the button he freezes .
tr	PRES	" Obviously , lad . "
tr	PAST	Knowing how I feel about my father , you still acted as you did .
tr	PAST	Franklin froze ; it wasn 't Amy 's silhouette .
tr	PRES	Maureen approaches me again with a new vial in hand and pops off the crystal lid .
tr	PAST	Joe and Ted eyed each other from their respective perches , across the fifty or so yards of gravel lot that separated them .
tr	PAST	Nick crumpled to his knees .
tr	PAST	I stormed off to become the best cheerleader this school had ever seen .
tr	PAST	The alien fled at the mere mention of the words ' you ' and ' out there ' .
tr	PAST	Her traitorous heart bounced from side to side in her body .
tr	PAST	They attempted to pick the pocket of a gentleman this morning as I was entering the gates .
tr	PRES	He took a step closer , his long red cloak spreading behind him .
tr	PRES	Reeve throws his remote down in defeat .
tr	PAST	Instead , all the plants and trees bore the look of late summer , green and bursting with fruit .
tr	PAST	And she recorded the entire event .
tr	PRES	Quinn flinches but doesn 't move out of reach .
tr	PAST	He replayed over and over the conversation he had with his lieutenant .
tr	PRES	And thanks for letting me borrow this . '
tr	PAST	Elspeth 's dark eyes brightened at the hint of a secret .
tr	PRES	" Liar , " Mike teased and held her tighter .
tr	PRES	Jack 's soothing voice helps me calm down faster .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , Si .
tr	PAST	Every one of them clutched a bottle of synthetic blood .
tr	PAST	All at once , a high-pitched giggle swirled down the corridor .
tr	PRES	" It is practical , but that doesn 't mean it 's right , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	He floated in clear view of all high in the blue sky like a vulture circling above a waiting meal .
tr	PAST	As the afternoon sun slanted through the windows , a fly droned somewhere out of sight .
tr	PRES	" Not before your birthday , Lulu .
tr	PRES	I gape at her as I cradle my injured hand .
tr	PAST	She slapped the wall with her open palm and stormed across the room .
tr	PRES	She probably snuck it in my bag .
tr	PRES	" I 'm this many , " George holds up four slightly grubby fingers .
tr	PRES	Sort of matches your head now .
tr	PAST	" You know , I just remembered an appointment , " Josiah lied to the young woman .
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed the butler with a large degree of suspicion as he peeled off his calfskin gloves and handed them to Hutchins together with his hat .
tr	PAST	The crescent moon provided the only light for miles .
tr	PAST	I 'd volunteered as a model once in my junior year art class , for extra credit .
tr	PRES	Smiling , he climbs off the stool and holds out his hands , and the desire in my body fizzles .
tr	PRES	' Riya 's call , ' I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" You 've done quite enough , " Cute Boots snaps .
tr	PAST	A white mist arose from his pale , blue lips and clung there .
tr	PAST	" It 's a wild boar , " Steve exclaimed out loud , and Jakob nodded .
tr	PRES	I scratch my nose to stop myself from laughing at her .
tr	PAST	Chaos now ruled Second Earth .
tr	PRES	The more of a nuisance she could make herself , the better her chances .
tr	PRES	I assume you want to talk about Zoey first ? "
tr	PRES	Now Ricky begins to playfully mess Steve 's golden highlighted dark brown hair .
tr	PAST	He slapped her with the back of his hand and told her to stay put or he 'd kill her .
tr	PRES	Dad rattles peanuts in his fist like a pair of dice .
tr	PAST	The King posted guards around the camp and gave orders that all warriors should be ready in case of trouble .
tr	PAST	At least Tad hasn 't uttered Holden 's favorite word .
tr	PAST	Monk squinted at him , sensing there was more to his story , adventures left untold , but he left it there .
tr	PRES	" He wanted to kill us , " breathes Katie .
tr	PRES	She tries to avoid wincing but can 't entirely succeed .
tr	PAST	The realization saddened Madeline enough to make her eyes burn and her chest hurt .
tr	PAST	The newcomer saluted them in the old way as he bowed -- one fist to his chest , the other to the small of his back .
tr	PAST	He prayed there was only one .
tr	PRES	" The sword steals some of the strength and vigor from the target of its strikes with each slash of its fine edge .
tr	PAST	The submarine proceeded to glide forward and entered the pitch black darkness of an underwater cavern .
tr	PRES	Relationships in many forms intrigue me .
tr	PRES	" You sing because that is what you feel .
tr	PRES	German philosopher and theologian .
tr	PRES	Someone 's arms surround me again , pinning my arms to my sides and attempting to pull me away but I 'm unmoving .
tr	PRES	" The robes ? "
tr	PRES	" Wait , " she begged as he anchored her resisting leg with his own heavy thigh and began to explore her with increasing intimacy .
tr	PRES	This is great , I murmur .
tr	PAST	We both froze and I yanked my hand from his grasp - a struggle , because his grip was unbelievably tight .
tr	PAST	Moist inched his way along the corridor in the opposite direction , and sound began to grow .
tr	PRES	The only good thing about a lingering illness lies in the fact that it prepares the family for the inevitable .
tr	PAST	" I - " " You 'll be fine , " she says , patting my arm .
tr	PAST	I risked a quick look at my passenger .
tr	PRES	He glances around the room and cocks an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	" Don 't tell the nurses , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	They used to say you don 't wear the armor , the armor wears you .
tr	PRES	Again , he points .
tr	PAST	Dean and Emerson piled into the back .
tr	PRES	Recruitment occurs annually and a maximum of 3 candidates are selected .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves a winner .
tr	PAST	Starting in February , the events required that he fly .
tr	PRES	He carries a standard issue student backpack , giving the impression he might be a student .
tr	PRES	Finally , Enzo also returns to the others .
tr	PAST	Just as quickly , she shut it down and her gaze dimmed , vanquishing the brief light that had shone just seconds before .
tr	PRES	At the top , Decker and Alton shone their lights down .
tr	PRES	Wes glances back a moment , miffed for no apparent reason .
tr	PAST	He " d seared himself into her psyche forever .
tr	PAST	He tipped the bullet out into his hand .
tr	PAST	his voice rumbled in her ear .
tr	PRES	As he and Mr. Kent walk to the parking lot , loneliness begins to sink in .
tr	PAST	" What about my luggage ? "
tr	PRES	She exhales then inhales then exhales with calmness .
tr	PRES	The morning air already brings a heavy heat and with the clear skies it looks like the rest of the day will be unrelenting .
tr	PRES	The raindrops snap at us Like falling monsters , Biting at the windshield In a suicidal dive .
tr	PRES	' Your baby , Mistress Pol ? '
tr	PAST	Drawing her sword , she flicked it out , beheaded an assortment of blooms and gathered them .
tr	PAST	Kylie 's phone buzzed , but she ignored it , not wanting to miss out on any conversation that centered on her .
tr	PRES	Through the thick smoke , he sees people running and walking along the road shoulders .
tr	PAST	My entire body froze and he continued downing the rest of the liquid in his bottle .
tr	PAST	It matched his fur elsewhere , though .
tr	PRES	" A witch ? "
tr	PRES	It stamps across the landscape like a brown stone moon that fell to the planet long ago and no one really cared about .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 22 Harlin glances at the sofa and then back at me .
tr	PRES	Coach Robbins leaned forward in his chair , his large forearms resting on the edge of the desk .
tr	PRES	" You exist because I made you , and you are all , beautiful .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled her ear .
tr	PRES	It freaked me out when she gave serious thought to things that seemed simple to me .
tr	PAST	Emerson cocked a bushy brow .
tr	PAST	Mat regarded him with a flat expression .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't mean it , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" Sure , darlin ' .
tr	PAST	Neither Paige nor I dared to speak .
tr	PAST	" Let go , " Bill urged him .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , Ian owes me some favors , most of them do down there , and so I just popped the question . "
tr	PRES	Blake rises slowly as well .
tr	PAST	She reassured me about my hair and the scar .
tr	PAST	Slater untangled himself from the blonde and followed me out the door .
tr	PAST	Victoria blanched a bit , her hand moving to her neck as though to feel for ... what ?
tr	PRES	Undermining the authority that has made Abbas great . "
tr	PRES	Skyla exhales an enormous breath .
tr	PRES	His hand then reaches for the handle and slowly turns it .
tr	PAST	Trip piped in , " Yeah , yeah ; he 's right !
tr	PAST	Instead , flinging her purse over her shoulder , she stormed out of the house and ran to her car .
tr	PRES	" The crypt ? "
tr	PRES	I said , pul ing away from him .
tr	PRES	" That brings me to mind .
tr	PRES	The smile disappears from her face when he frowns .
tr	PAST	Regina giggled in a sickeningly sweet fashion .
tr	PRES	" Time for a nap , " he mumbled while settling back and closing his eyes .
tr	PAST	Dean chased the calf out into the open and it took off .
tr	PRES	Cadmus , Aphrodite , Ares , Hecate . "
tr	PRES	It states that the Earth not only contains every form of communication in the universe but that it does so in their exact proportion .
tr	PAST	" I lied , and you didn 't know me well enough to tell . "
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes twinkled briefly before she shrugged and returned to the cupboard to pull out plates .
tr	PRES	" Blaze , you know I love you , darlin ' .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed the bare skin of my back as he slowly run the zipper upwards .
tr	PRES	( They exit ) .
tr	PAST	The spandex cotton blend smacked him square in his perfectly muscled chest .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Bride ? "
tr	PRES	I had such a fine time , I plum forgot about the letter -- and the fact I would be seeing Patience again .
tr	PRES	" Its six million dollar monkey , ok ? "
tr	PAST	Two squads of enforcers accompanied McKie .
tr	PRES	" But what about the Irishman ?
tr	PRES	' I 've tried it , ' mumbled the oh god .
tr	PAST	My mind instantly conjured a task force of mice determined to take the house back from the invading humans .
tr	PRES	I lean back , shutting my eyes , feeling safe , feeling like this is where I belong .
tr	PRES	" Can 't you see , Gladys ? "
tr	PRES	" They don 't know who they were messing with , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Winston groped for a change of subject .
tr	PRES	While I was watching sports .
tr	PAST	We also destroyed all the cornfields .
tr	PAST	and the others giggled in agreement as they watched the first aid people take him out of the skate area .
tr	PRES	When Gene didn 't respond to that , Jay asked , " What 's your wage scale like , captain ?
tr	PRES	Whatever it was , it fails to penetrate the thick smog choking my memory .
tr	PAST	The sun battled the clouds as the afternoon passed .
tr	PRES	Some minutes later , a Sherman tank pops out .
tr	PRES	" Jackson loves his daddy . "
tr	PAST	But Jared 's attention never strayed .
tr	PAST	" Maybe his wife then , " Shorty persisted .
tr	PAST	Raphael having taken the double coach seat on the other side motioned Danny to join her .
tr	PAST	As quickly as possible , Tether related the story .
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves to have someone that loves them .
tr	PRES	He ticks his head at Logan as though the two of them are speaking some special language .
tr	PRES	She stands and I quickly step back out of her reach .
tr	PAST	She propped a hand on her hip .
tr	PAST	He panicked and tried to protect himself .
tr	PAST	She stormed over to the corner he 'd indicated .
tr	PRES	" Mend fences ? "
tr	PRES	And , Denis sees it as a way to have power over me . "
tr	PAST	The first one barely registered , " I lied with an impish smile .
tr	PAST	Eventually , her silver dragon charged in .
tr	PRES	The door bursts open and to my horror , Nicholas flies in , his eyes darting frantically , searching for something .
tr	PAST	Brady 's office door received the same rough treatment and the water in his fish tank rocked from the bang .
tr	PRES	Coffee Calendars , a company affiliated with our booster program , produces an athletic calendar that our boosters sell every year .
tr	PAST	She taps her finger against her chin .
tr	PRES	Check on the proximity alarms in the woods ... ... .
tr	PRES	Slow , deliberate footsteps echo off the wall beyond Blake .
tr	PAST	Her happy mood dimmed a fraction .
tr	PAST	Elvis crooned , " I 'm So Lonesome I Could Cry . "
tr	PAST	Tad withdrew a syringe and a cartridge from his tote .
tr	PRES	Gabe holds the steering wheel tighter and grits his teeth .
tr	PAST	The officers thanked the shopkeeper and left the shop .
tr	PRES	" I loathe musicals .
tr	PRES	His shirt rises , exposing the contours of his abdomen and the dark trail of hair running down below his navel .
tr	PAST	And the question you ask should be asked of yourself , ' she stated coldly .
tr	PAST	I sped up and cut her off , blocking the entrance .
tr	PAST	Jackson slowly propped his leg up on the bed unsure of what to say .
tr	PRES	' And some women pile on more weight than they should , giving themselves the licence of eating for two .
tr	PRES	I swear I took this off , ' I mutter .
tr	PRES	In this case , Jared revealing himself to you plays a part .
tr	PAST	" He only lied about , being a prince of nothingness . "
tr	PAST	It writhed in places and it wasn 't just from feet kicking leaves .
tr	PAST	Malik at his side , they perused the documents .
tr	PAST	He tugged his elbow loose and glared at her .
tr	PAST	God , " she whispered , placing a hand on the doorframe to steady herself .
tr	PAST	" So you can kill him , " he stated simply .
tr	PAST	" Snow cones are on me , " I announced , as we turned to make our way back through the crowd .
tr	PRES	His jaws pops , the muscles in his chest twitch .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh ; he 'd probably have a stroke if I was that early .
tr	PRES	The engineer chuckles , " Always wanted to do that .
tr	PAST	" Darling Ursa , " Rasputin crooned as the bear skidded to a halt before him .
tr	PRES	She deserves to be happy , and it 'll never be with what was left behind .
tr	PAST	" Oh my god , you made me jump , " she uttered , breaking into a smile , her sadness retreating with the giant 's arrival .
tr	PAST	Gene concurred , " One unending adventure . "
tr	PAST	She sensed then in this young man 's manner and his voice the power of that event on the hillside .
tr	PAST	I replaced them with a suggestion that she had been lost for the better part of this day .
tr	PAST	He fisted his hand several times instead , as if squeezing an invisible stress ball , then took a deep breath .
tr	PRES	" Go fetch those shuttles . "
tr	PAST	" Bonnie , " she said , halfway up the stairs without turning around .
tr	PAST	Rolling to his side , Zane squinted at him obstinately .
tr	PAST	The back window shattered behind her .
tr	PRES	She pins on a smile that troubles me .
tr	PAST	For some reason , it bothered him that she could forget his presence so easily .
tr	PAST	As the video ended , my inbox chimed with a new message .
tr	PRES	" And you still disapprove ? "
tr	PAST	He wove his way through Iain 's thoughts , seeking out his intentions .
tr	PAST	She extracted one of the pills and let it roll around in the palm of her hand .
tr	PRES	That she really loves me back .
tr	PAST	He shuffled out of the tent and into the pale sunlight , where he could still see the pig asleep by the stile .
tr	PAST	" David described her as being her mother 's daughter .
tr	PRES	He sighs and lets his arms drop .
tr	PAST	Their relationship had disintegrated and neither one had acknowledged the warning signs in time to rectify the problem .
tr	PAST	When he gets the lid off , he stares at the thin strips of leather with the words forever engraved on both of them .
tr	PAST	He dared not even imagine !
tr	PRES	' This is my friend , ' Henrietta quickly mumbled .
tr	PAST	The half-naked girl giggled again , wrapping herself around David .
tr	PRES	Says her name is Shana . "
tr	PAST	Alexandra 's eyes brightened and got bigger .
tr	PAST	Perhaps Roman 's melancholy matched hers , because they rode home in silence .
tr	PAST	" I cleaned out the house . "
tr	PAST	I slapped his pizza out of his hand .
tr	PRES	Vittorio asked , his tone indulgent .
tr	PRES	" What about Chess ? "
tr	PAST	Cassidy swiped at it .
tr	PRES	" The queen trusts me .
tr	PAST	One thing puzzled me , though , as Dale drove my mom and me to Court .
tr	PAST	Though loath to lose any more time , Maddox crouched beside him .
tr	PRES	' Well , a café ?
tr	PRES	" It helps to have you spell out the things I already know . "
tr	PRES	Charity A husband stands up to his wife 's bigotry , risking all for strangers .
tr	PRES	A fly-by around the planet Mars .
tr	PRES	Her tongue still thick from the lack of water , she could only shake her head , squeaking .
tr	PRES	And a bruise . "
tr	PRES	The father accidentally kills the girl and then this wimp accidentally kills the father ?
tr	PRES	' What about the invasion ? '
tr	PRES	If you panic , it could spread like wildfire , " explains Plutarch .
tr	PRES	She releases a soft sigh before drawing enough of her will to force the electronic door lock .
tr	PAST	He stomped on the snowy white tail of a princess .
tr	PAST	Kelly swiped his hand over his mouth .
tr	PAST	Tim never slowed or looked back .
tr	PRES	" What you 're doing ... the comments you 're making , " Rose explained , " ... about me . "
tr	PAST	I swiped one away as it fell onto my cheek .
tr	PRES	In short , it stops sinking and ends up floating on an underwater surface , beyond the reach of the storms but far above the ocean floor .
tr	PRES	My reflection in the window shone faintly above the rushing fences , houses and trees of the shabby suburban dream .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , absorbing the sounds , the feel of the empty store .
tr	PAST	Their duel ranged all around the room ; the sun setting just through the windows .
tr	PAST	Two helpers untied the trellis and another two reached down for him .
tr	PRES	" And your specialty ? "
tr	PRES	Kit approaches us as the hatch door closes .
tr	PAST	He flicked the light switch a few times but nothing happened .
tr	PAST	" You two boys won 't fit in a double bed any more than I 'll still fit in my wedding dress , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	He perked up immediately .
tr	PAST	The fear coiled inside me snapped like a rubber band , and I raised my chin .
tr	PAST	" It 's nothing , I 'm fine , " Bernard slurred , still breathing heavily .
tr	PRES	The watch lies trembling , tending a missing hand .
tr	PRES	She holds her breath , but no answer comes .
tr	PAST	" I don 't have any new information to give you , other than what you 've already received , " he announced .
tr	PAST	After that , Albert transferred her to Internal Organs Formation , a very delicate and stressful job .
tr	PRES	To relive the look of gut wrenching agony on his face ?
tr	PRES	We brick her up inside . "
tr	PAST	Andrea stifled a sigh .
tr	PAST	- and collapsed it after them .
tr	PAST	She sobbed out loud , cursing Shadow Eater and trying to wriggle free .
tr	PRES	" You disagree ? "
tr	PAST	No one dared fight back , or he 'd have them arrested and put on trial in the street . "
tr	PAST	He regarded me with a silent stare .
tr	PRES	Fraudulent happiness occurs when everything is handed to someone .
tr	PAST	The other joked , poking the first man in the ribs .
tr	PAST	" Guys ... " Newton twirled his cutlass like a cane .
tr	PRES	It helps you not to lie to yourself anymore .
tr	PRES	I whimper and try to move back as his tongue licks my lips .
tr	PRES	' New recruit ? '
tr	PAST	His face was gaunt , his eyes shadowed .
tr	PAST	" Problem solved . "
tr	PAST	Had the very institutions that should have protected her -- family and church -- in the end destroyed her ?
tr	PRES	Idiot , idiot , idiot !
tr	PAST	The other man sniffed .
tr	PAST	A strong wind quickly swirled around him .
tr	PAST	Please tell me you didn 't get busted for Public urination , again ?
tr	PAST	He acted as if he had known me my whole life .
tr	PAST	Then Preston limped in .
tr	PAST	Chapter 37 Leaves slap against me like wet hands , and I 'm charging through roots , twisting around trees without thinking .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not their slave , " the man mutters .
tr	PRES	" So your refusal stands , huh ? "
tr	PRES	They landed all over , " I reassure them .
tr	PRES	Gray shone his light around the space .
tr	PAST	But his father sensed him and also flashed , leaving three of his men vulnerable .
tr	PRES	I scratch at my arm , right over the tattoos , even though it 's not itchy .
tr	PRES	" I get one hour for each hour I teach you .
tr	PAST	I dared to ask .
tr	PRES	But much still remains to be done .
tr	PRES	The van speeds up , slamming me into the seat .
tr	PAST	This also produced a new horizon , as Bella had heard of a bargain to be had .
tr	PAST	Opening what appeared to be a pantry , he pretended not to hear her .
tr	PRES	Isaiah senses my weakness and his hand snakes its way around my waist , his strong arm holds me up .
tr	PAST	" No , no , that 's perfect , " Rock slapped Nate on the back .
tr	PAST	I zoned my hearing in on the table he sat at hoping to catch a reason for his watchful eye .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but it fits the moment .
tr	PRES	Sometimes minds snap under pressure , and she thought it best if people did not know that hers had .
tr	PAST	Sighing , I squinted at the piece of paper again .
tr	PAST	We claimed victory in 2003 , but the U.S. military stationed soldiers there .
tr	PRES	Micha The pain in her eyes nearly kills me .
tr	PAST	A guy named Cecil , another one named Charlie , and his wife Tammy .
tr	PAST	He petted Digger 's head .
tr	PAST	He , too , scooted away .
tr	PAST	" Holy cow , " Selma exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" To Washington 's little Taj Mahal , " I toasted , holding up my can .
tr	PRES	' What brings you to this neck of the woods , Mister Gideon ? '
tr	PRES	Xander releases me , and I back away from him a few steps , trying to keep my explosion of giddiness to myself .
tr	PRES	A bus station in Alabama , the ladies ' room smells terrible and a young girl , maybe fifteen , she talks to me .
tr	PRES	Resting my head next to hers , tears trickle down my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Lighten up , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	A summons to appear at a deposition Friday in Ryan 's divorce . "
tr	PRES	My head snaps up .
tr	PRES	And then the boarding ramp on the ship begins to unfold .
tr	PAST	I opted out of the party and went to go find my own entertainment . "
tr	PAST	They flung their pale torches to the ground , and stood gazing out with dazzled eyes .
tr	PRES	The song offers me the promise of bliss .
tr	PRES	" The Black Hand ! "
tr	PRES	He lies back on the pillow and gives into a long thoughtful blink .
tr	PRES	It somehow folds flat so that a whole room 's worth of computers fit into one bag .
tr	PRES	" We have to go now , " I yell , but Kayla continues talking to me in same manner as before .
tr	PAST	He caressed her shoulders with a trembling hand .
tr	PRES	The sun rises and sets out of Aiden 's ass , according to you . "
tr	PRES	He lifts one of my hands , then lets go , watching as it just flops by my side .
tr	PAST	He retreated to the hot spring bath hut , where he dozed contentedly in the steam .
tr	PRES	He stops in his tracks , hurt etched all over his face , but I 'm too consumed by my own grief to care .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head back against the wall , and blew a stray hair out of my face . "
tr	PRES	I swing my legs off the bed to stand , but the headache hammers my head hard and fast .
tr	PAST	He treated me with courtesy and never crossed the line once he found out I was married .
tr	PRES	" She holds your hand ? "
tr	PAST	Prue inhaled the cold air hoping for the freezing temperatures to fix her mind of all of its problems .
tr	PRES	When the nurses finally situate Eden beside me in bed , he crawls closer to me and flings his arms around my neck .
tr	PRES	" It looked superficial , and the girls insisted I call you , " Marshall explains .
tr	PAST	So , he named him Mallory . "
tr	PRES	a man roars , leading a group of twenty or so off the main road toward the produce section .
tr	PAST	" It isn 't my fault the women in Europe didn 't hold my interest , " Blake defended himself .
tr	PAST	Tristan eyed him , suspicious .
tr	PAST	She squinted as her eyes caught the slightest hint of black feather tips against the whiteness .
tr	PRES	Lancaster still holds the gift out to her , and once she 's sure the sneezing is done , she takes it .
tr	PAST	The guard who did not have his foot trapped under a table advanced on Jain and swung his sword .
tr	PAST	" We own a Dodge Ram , " she sniffed , " with a Hemi !
tr	PRES	" What a pile of baloney .
tr	PAST	A thing of human flesh created by aliens .
tr	PRES	' Look , Dylan .
tr	PRES	It produces greater outcome .
tr	PRES	" We mistook puppy love for the real thing .
tr	PAST	I hastily hopped on the railing , swinging my legs over the side .
tr	PAST	They exited , closing the doors softly , and joined her on the barely lit pavement .
tr	PAST	As Erik helped her up to the lofty place she 'd chosen , a cold wind reduced Christine to prolonged spasms of shivers .
tr	PAST	As the girl entered he shrank back into the shadows .
tr	PAST	She hopped off her stool and hurried upstairs with her bowl of ice cream .
tr	PAST	Cactus Christmas lights glowed around the door frame , offering a festivity he chose to ignore .
tr	PAST	Carl grunted by way of response .
tr	PAST	I eyed William furiously , gritting my teeth to keep myself from saying anything I would regret .
tr	PAST	" And I am Terra , " she stated , with the tiny globe in her hand again .
tr	PRES	The moon shone high overhead ; they were under its influence and an enemy threatened .
tr	PAST	From time to time he shuffled his feet as if practising some intricate dance steps .
tr	PAST	My rage subsided but the fire was not going out , and for once , I was glad .
tr	PAST	" Madeleine , " he rasped out .
tr	PRES	It enters a low power surveillance mode .
tr	PAST	" That meal was amazing , " Ivan stated , clearing his throat .
tr	PAST	I opted for an easy sandwich joint instead of anything fancy .
tr	PRES	" What if she sings to his blood as strongly as she sings to yours ? "
tr	PRES	Me , carrying Kenji .
tr	PAST	Perhaps the call always served as a reminder of a truth yet to be known .
tr	PAST	Everyone pretended not to notice the now empty seat .
tr	PRES	His red nose practically shone in the dusk as he nodded his head to the right .
tr	PRES	" Did you stir it ? "
tr	PAST	Her eyes dropped closed , I feared as another means of escape .
tr	PAST	Edward pretended not to notice .
tr	PAST	The future I 'd imagined for myself was now shrouded in uncertainty .
tr	PRES	It seriously pisses me off most of the time .
tr	PRES	It belongs to the people !
tr	PAST	Rock immediately sensed something lingering besides Anna 's normal depression over the last month .
tr	PRES	Her voice a distant echo as he fell back into the darkness .
tr	PAST	I flicked off my light and edged around to the side door used for loading the horses .
tr	PAST	The king established a law that all food grown on the island had to be handed over to the king .
tr	PRES	Anthony stands close to me and my pulse quickens .
tr	PAST	I dig my fingers into his hair as he presses me down against the carpet .
tr	PAST	He moved out into the hall and padded quickly and quietly toward his master 's chambers , his ears pricked for any sound out of the ordinary .
tr	PAST	The stone walls dimmed the light of the sun , and the air chilled .
tr	PRES	Francesca points at me .
tr	PAST	" You could have lied . "
tr	PRES	The Third Law of Robotics states : ' A robot must protect its own existence . '
tr	PAST	The restored medieval castle provided safety and space , privacy and romance .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and turned north , ready to jog back .
tr	PAST	He entertained his audience with wild stories of his early days as an assistant D.A. Bill told tales of their years together in college .
tr	PAST	He withdrew only enough so that he could spoon himself behind her .
tr	PRES	I murmur as I tip my head back and nuzzle my nose against his jaw line .
tr	PAST	The sunlight coming through the windows dimmed , but it was early afternoon .
tr	PRES	He considers this a moment .
tr	PAST	Across the large screen , data scrolled at startling speeds .
tr	PRES	" It 's been nearly a year since he 's played , " his mother whispers to me .
tr	PRES	Sara whipped her head around fast enough to give herself whiplash at the sound of Christopher 's voice .
tr	PRES	Tim begins to look disgruntled .
tr	PAST	And she all but vibrated with irritated magic .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER TWELVE Bobby 's accountant phoned him early one morning .
tr	PRES	" The sun brings me no warmth .
tr	PAST	Grant exhaled a small sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	THE Secret Service agent had volunteered to get him .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't we al ? "
tr	PRES	Someone bangs on the door .
tr	PRES	And being here brings back so many wonderful memories .
tr	PAST	I eyed the gun , still in her hands , trained on my forehead .
tr	PAST	Mitchell jabbed a thumb at his own chest .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be okay now , " she sniffed .
tr	PRES	" Are you alright , Princess ? "
tr	PAST	Elise sometimes feared she 'd failed on both counts .
tr	PRES	His arms wrap around my body and one of his hands reaches in his back pocket for his phone .
tr	PRES	" A business arrangement . "
tr	PRES	Which media outlet ? "
tr	PAST	But he froze suddenly at the unexpected sound of someone clearing their throat noisily .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us for a second , and I flick my eyes up to his .
tr	PRES	Emilie teased , clearly to lighten the subject .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I tore myself from his tale , ripping myself from the seams of my sanity .
tr	PRES	With one head roaring in pain , the monster lashes out with a wing , forcing Nine backwards .
tr	PRES	Pete chuckles with reserve .
tr	PAST	Marble floors shone to high polish and cathedral ceilings created an illusion of space and elegance .
tr	PAST	I dared to reach up to adjust the lapel of Mortimer 's black wool suit jacket .
tr	PAST	The sticky breeze washed across Sheba 's skin .
tr	PRES	' What series ? '
tr	PAST	I tensed , waiting for the questioning words that would slice me open .
tr	PAST	She extended her jeweled hand .
tr	PAST	Lily feared doing anything that might harm Hollister but Ryland had been adamant that they not bring in medical help .
tr	PAST	I need you , " her brother 's voice urged her .
tr	PRES	You undermine every decision I make .
tr	PRES	From the crowd , a stiff toothpick climbs up to the guy .
tr	PAST	Kowalski 's eyes flicked to Elizabeth .
tr	PAST	I crooned as I fingered his nipple rings .
tr	PAST	" It 's unbelievable , " he exclaimed " Of course it is . "
tr	PAST	I quickly washed and dried the dishes , then dodged out of the kitchen and into the guest bedroom .
tr	PAST	He tipped his chin down to look at her .
tr	PAST	The spirit looked around , then slowly floated up a good six or seven feet .
tr	PRES	She was still , her body limp on the earth .
tr	PAST	I awoke to the sound of my cellmate moaning .
tr	PRES	Eight flashes me that disarming smile .
tr	PAST	The oh god reappeared after a noisy interlude . '
tr	PRES	" It 's a maze , " he points out , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	When he touched her swollen core , Abbey gasped and her thighs convulsed , sending the water lapping around their shoulders .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and his warm fingers intertwine with mine .
tr	PRES	She lies there for a minute , looking up at the sky .
tr	PRES	Is your feud more powerful than your feelings for Evangel - " The sudden halting of her tirade arrested everyone in the hallway .
tr	PAST	He pinched a girl 's cheek , drank wine with me , and asked after the boy .
tr	PAST	The radiance brightened until it appeared to be breaking through his skin .
tr	PRES	He stares down at the floor , a crease at his brow , confused .
tr	PAST	But I never claimed to be anything more than a man who died .
tr	PRES	Jesus also states , ' Woe to those who are pregnant or nursing babies in those days . ' "
tr	PRES	He opens the door and hops out , slanting back into the cab to snatch the keys from the ignition .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the radio volume and found his favorite soul station .
tr	PRES	" Jaden Park Paradise Pier , " he said , awe in his voice as he spoke , almost as if he was naming royalty .
tr	PAST	Jane squinted in the distance .
tr	PAST	Clearly it baffled her that he 'd included himself in her problems .
tr	PAST	I 'm feeding the tapeworm now , " Ashe announced when his mother said hello .
tr	PAST	She taps the pen once on the paper .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 13 Vampires and immortality . '
tr	PRES	Rachel slams her palms down on the coffee table , leaning over and glaring at Alex , eye-level .
tr	PRES	Cooper exhales and his body relaxes .
tr	PAST	An explosion of force , accompanied by a sickening thud , smashed into the back of his head .
tr	PAST	She twirled the glass , then raised it to her nose and inhaled .
tr	PAST	I hauled the canoe over the rocks , scraping blue paint , until I could turn it over , and empty it .
tr	PAST	I gulped instantly and stared up at him , blinking to my senses and notion and soundness all of a sudden .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 35 A Halo of Blackness The cool sea breeze washed across Rand the moment he rode through the gateway .
tr	PRES	He tries to smile .
tr	PAST	Eager to talk to her , he flicked open the phone .
tr	PAST	You seemed supremely confident when we last spoke , " Sidious motioned for him to rise .
tr	PRES	" Still on the outs with Marco ? "
tr	PAST	I tensed , but all he retrieved was a lamp from the night table .
tr	PAST	I dumped the stuff in the garbage can , shoulders stiff .
tr	PAST	She twirled the ends around her fingers .
tr	PRES	Can you spare some of your personal insight ? "
tr	PRES	Then a parking garage on the left .
tr	PRES	" Enough , " Rick growled , his patience at an end .
tr	PRES	It brings a smile to my face that Gael isn 't gon na let me quit just because I fell .
tr	PRES	Valentine likes power . "
tr	PAST	Fatigue tugged her eyelids down .
tr	PAST	He slowed his pace until she caught up , then led the way across the tracks and through the train yard .
tr	PAST	Kate stowed her purse and picked up her notes .
tr	PAST	" Those classes are good for you , " I countered , feeling my own temper rise .
tr	PAST	He shrank into the cement and heard the recoil of lead off steel .
tr	PRES	" Why no inspiration ? "
tr	PAST	Judging by the rapid appearance and freshness of the foodstuffs , the staff approved of this maneuver .
tr	PAST	He caressed her and the world fell away .
tr	PAST	The memories exploded in my mind -- Ken 's smile -- Ken being a good brother -- and Ken breathing when the garden souls healed his leg .
tr	PAST	Cheyenne sensed it and wondered if they were sleeping together , but they certainly didn 't let on if they were .
tr	PAST	He stops in front of a dumpster , barely grabbing onto it , he wheels it to the side , revealing a door hidden behind it .
tr	PRES	He lurches back out , dragging the girl with him and leaving the door ajar .
tr	PRES	I scramble over , desperate to reach it before anyone else can get to it .
tr	PAST	As the evening approached , she hopped in the shower .
tr	PRES	" I belong at the ranch . "
tr	PAST	Adam eyed the dozens of surveillance screens suspended on every wall of the department area .
tr	PRES	Soon the constant , dull headache disappears , and the world around me takes on a blurry sheen that I know isn 't only from the rain .
tr	PAST	In a few minutes , the pale , etheric shreds coalesced into the translucent shape of a young man wearing an old-fashioned Army uniform .
tr	PRES	" She returns , today , on the next sky ship .
tr	PAST	I clutched him , hoping he could feel me , feel my love and know I was there .
tr	PRES	Instead he paces , and I know him well enough to see that he is debating something .
tr	PAST	She exhaled softly and tried to slow the quick breaths that threatened to erupt into panicky gasps .
tr	PAST	A breeze swirled around the pentagram .
tr	PAST	He collapsed , exhausted .
tr	PAST	His eyes stilled her and embraced her with a stormy blue desire , an ache mirrored inside her .
tr	PRES	He returns with a set of keys .
tr	PRES	" Listen Leah , " he begins .
tr	PAST	The high altitude and constant moisture from the lake produced the finest African teas .
tr	PAST	When I return home I creep into the kitchen and hope that Doyle hasn 't awakened .
tr	PAST	Bobo squinted for a few seconds .
tr	PRES	One punch here , knife wound there , elbow , face punch , and then one of them goes flying across the room .
tr	PRES	" You really believe in tough love , " I mutter , sotto voce .
tr	PRES	" You already said wow , " Aria teased .
tr	PAST	alien , " giggling then touches my dirty black jumpsuit on my right forearm .
tr	PRES	My secret shame . "
tr	PAST	Shaking her head , she steadied herself , then fumbled with the locks and opened the door to him .
tr	PAST	Taking the pillow off my face , I squinted at her .
tr	PRES	" And Foster . "
tr	PRES	My hands start to shake , my heart rate picking up as soon as I realize this .
tr	PAST	Tom 's face brightened .
tr	PAST	Shards of metal and plastic exploded everywhere .
tr	PRES	" What kind of proof ? "
tr	PRES	" Now , Angel -- let 's start now ! "
tr	PAST	The recorder buzzed beside him and he saw the green lights which signaled the shift to replay .
tr	PRES	" A few prints here and there , but nothing conclusive . "
tr	PRES	A government helps its citizens prosper and builds a better , stronger future .
tr	PRES	The bounty hunter offers his hand .
tr	PRES	Flying that long on an airplane , and being confined to a seat most of the time wears you down .
tr	PRES	Suddenly there was another sound , a rending crack the cave had never known .
tr	PRES	None of them pays us any attention , and I don 't look their way more than a second either .
tr	PAST	I prayed it was not my taunting that had brought her here .
tr	PRES	The van speeds down the long stretch of road , the space between the cars shortening with every kilometre .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to ask if your grandfather misses your grandmother ? "
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back to look up at him , surprised by the way his fist was clenched in her hair .
tr	PRES	Comes from having doctors in the family .
tr	PRES	Cylons to the right of me , he thought , rebellion to the left of me .
tr	PAST	My fingers lingered on the Tribal tattoo I never asked about .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the nurse .
tr	PRES	Mikal considers it his second home , and he 's her ' Mikal boy . '
tr	PRES	" By the way , where is Mae ? "
tr	PAST	Now not even the technicians featured on the Discovery Channel could find any blood traces in the scorched room .
tr	PAST	His father claimed the long-lost ancestors of the region 's savages had built them , that they were sacred Indian burial mounds .
tr	PRES	I caught a glimpse of how tightly Ashley was holding onto Kyle 's arms , her knuckles turning white as she did .
tr	PAST	Then she stormed off to bed .
tr	PAST	He opted to stand outside the cell and speak through the bars .
tr	PAST	The travelers shone to each other , rapidly ; then the standing one jumped down .
tr	PRES	Her red hair frames her face , and she doesn 't look a thing like Skyla .
tr	PRES	" With a minister ? "
tr	PAST	She massaged her temples and said , " The much more pressing issue now is informing the Council that we were infiltrated .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , " Zed hollered back .
tr	PRES	Lennox winks then clears his throat .
tr	PRES	But to her , his face remains standard , revealing no difference .
tr	PAST	He approved of her selection .
tr	PAST	He feared she might try to pull away from him once the pain took hold .
tr	PRES	Julian asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	Buttercup begins to wail as well .
tr	PRES	Wrapped in her shawl , she clutches some sandwiches and a bottle of soft drink the captain has brought back to the ship from a nearby kiosk .
tr	PRES	Her spirit shone brightest , always tugging her lips into a smile and her wit into fascinating words .
tr	PAST	Hector padded after her and settled down outside the door to wait for her .
tr	PRES	" I apologize , Master Romulus .
tr	PAST	The marine beside her steadied her .
tr	PRES	This explains the link between western medicine and eastern .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his glasses to his tiny nose then smiled slyly at me .
tr	PRES	" Wait a minute ... " I mutter , leaning toward the window .
tr	PAST	" That never bothered you before ! "
tr	PRES	' ' Looks like they forgot one . "
tr	PRES	Then her gaze falls on me .
tr	PRES	" Oh goodness , " Dr. Vance comments .
tr	PRES	Lorraine belongs to an illustrious family , but he is perpetually in need of money .
tr	PAST	Ali handled it with poise , but Courtney panicked .
tr	PRES	" Your Highness . "
tr	PRES	He composes himself , opens the door .
tr	PAST	Satisfied , she swirled frosting , scrunching her face up in thought .
tr	PRES	" Don 't sweat it , Emerson .
tr	PAST	Damien 's body stiffened over hers in a final spasm and she felt his hand squeeze once , hard , then relax .
tr	PAST	Sara hollered from the other side of the room .
tr	PRES	" Not the way I will , Faye .
tr	PRES	" Your self-control . "
tr	PRES	- Me too now , till they 'll call me to something show .
tr	PAST	I palmed the back of my neck and lifted my face to the sun .
tr	PRES	Like with every trial we 've faced these last few months since the crisis , prayer helps a lot .
tr	PAST	Kelly chimed in suddenly .
tr	PAST	She giggled when her back hit the wall .
tr	PRES	Enrico mumbled something that was a mix between a ' thanks ' and ' I deserve it ' .
tr	PRES	He brings his hands up to either side of my face and waits until I meet his eyes before he speaks again .
tr	PRES	' I 'm sure there must be something to eat , ' mumbled the Chair of Indefinite Studies , looking around aimlessly .
tr	PRES	The Health Advisor enters the discussion : " Till now we haven 't spoken about the population .
tr	PRES	The photos are instant so people can take their photos then pick them up as they leave the booth , " he explains .
tr	PAST	Her cells absorbed his ability as eagerly as a plant absorbed sunshine .
tr	PRES	" Well don 't just sit there staring , " my mother said , " untie me . "
tr	PRES	McKay 's motive remains a mystery , as does that of the possible someone else . "
tr	PAST	" My memory hasn 't slowed up these long minutes with him , " I countered .
tr	PAST	The chords rang out , dust twinkling through the notes as the old strings vibrated back to life .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the wall of glass smashed him square in the face .
tr	PAST	" Hm ... I must admit that I agree with Trenton on this one , " Lord Moorland announced after a moment 's reflection .
tr	PAST	Hannah 's heart leaped so high that her whole body felt light .
tr	PRES	Comes a beautiful sing song voice from behind him .
tr	PAST	" You 'll change your mind , " Fiona stated .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat before speaking .
tr	PAST	I twirled a tongue of flame off my index finger and lit a candle .
tr	PAST	As it had before , the scent of expensive perfume lingered in the air behind her .
tr	PRES	Everybody sees me as a winner .
tr	PRES	" A CIA interrogation expert as well as an air force captain who speaks Moro . "
tr	PRES	" A handful ! "
tr	PAST	Thomas hauled me to my feet .
tr	PRES	Storm throws her toned arms around me , oblivious that the contact is making my insides churn and the voice in my head scream .
tr	PAST	I cringed on impulse .
tr	PAST	Kylie inhaled and tried to figure out how to play her cards now .
tr	PAST	" Who stole our daughter from us ? "
tr	PRES	" He coaches a boys ' basketball team and they sort of took over the court during my girls ' practice time .
tr	PAST	he urged , his voice breaking , despair shining in his jade eyes .
tr	PAST	Sarah floated down the stairs in a ray of sunlight to find Wadsworth standing at the bottom .
tr	PAST	Clyde slowed down a bit until he was walking alongside his captor .
tr	PRES	Little Dove who looked as if she couldn 't outrun a flower .
tr	PAST	His left fender crumpled against an outcropping , shattering the headlamp on that side .
tr	PRES	Rann chuckles when I say .
tr	PRES	Finally , on Tuesday morning , the hospital discharged Zach .
tr	PRES	the prince said , " Maybe she will be able to teach you to lighten up , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He transferred the memory chip from the camera to the laptop and copied the video first .
tr	PRES	She likes being a wolf .
tr	PRES	Little more than a boy , he flourished an elaborate bow that caused the tails of his coat to sweep the polished marble floor .
tr	PRES	He sighs heavily and , as he does so , a stray tear glides down his cheek , which he quickly wipes away .
tr	PRES	Chad whipped his gun back out and put a bullet through the man 's head , but it was too late .
tr	PAST	The camera inched to the left , and the full jury came into view .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Daemon .
tr	PRES	The man stands up , extending a hand .
tr	PAST	Instead , his lips curved once more .
tr	PRES	The soft blue darkened to navy , then pitch black .
tr	PAST	I writhed on the ground , wanting to pull out the knife , but every muscle in my body was in shock , paralyzed in unspeakable agony .
tr	PAST	The Chinese translator froze .
tr	PRES	She glares at her hands .
tr	PAST	I tensed quickly at first , shock and disbelief sprinting through my head .
tr	PRES	He reaches out one hand and touches the clasp that pins my cloak at my neck .
tr	PAST	She flung her boots onto the floor and slid off her vest .
tr	PAST	" This is unacceptable , " he gritted out .
tr	PRES	" Ask Elspeth for some matches , then ! "
tr	PAST	" Oh , " I mumbled , fixing my eyes on a pair of joggers as they passed us , drenched with sweat .
tr	PAST	Simone stiffened in shock .
tr	PAST	Her eyes glazed over as a furrow creased her brow .
tr	PAST	Another murmur of agreement circled the room .
tr	PRES	Brand helps me as much as he can , but I still have to make a lot of decisions about things that I don 't really understand .
tr	PAST	Come with me , " the man announced .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over me .
tr	PAST	I 'll not send out troops to bring back four dragons , " she stated with confidence .
tr	PAST	A flurry of inchoate music strayed in from the Salon of Mars .
tr	PRES	" I was dreaming about my mother , " I blurt suddenly .
tr	PRES	He points a finger at me .
tr	PAST	Jeff awoke to the sun in his eyes and the sounds of sea birds .
tr	PAST	His eyes fled up the cliff walls of its trousers .
tr	PAST	The boy pondered his words long and hard .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe him ? "
tr	PAST	" There 's someone here to visit you , " Helen announced .
tr	PAST	From the food in front of them , Kira surmised that the two men and one woman were human .
tr	PRES	A grin flashes across his face but then it vanishes when he notices the box next to me and the journal on my lap .
tr	PRES	James flinches a little .
tr	PRES	" OK , let 's just agree that he 's still a suspect , " offers Marlene .
tr	PRES	She holds one of my eyelids open with a thumb and flashes a light .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Gibson , would you be so kind ... " " Yes , Captain , of course , " the next man replied .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his entire savings and invested it in silver coins , which he 's keeping at the house . "
tr	PRES	She sees him on the shore and smiles .
tr	PRES	" Warrior , Lieutenant Encino is on the deck and taking command to execute transfer from Dragon Medical Bay to Docking Bay One , " Valerie states .
tr	PRES	As I stroke his cheek again , another young boy 's face flashes through my consciousness with eyes that are just as blue but sparkle like diamonds .
tr	PRES	Aldous never forgave him , and the two have been feuding ever since , though not openly .
tr	PRES	Elliott reaches to help me , but my elbow hits the burn above his ribs and he groans .
tr	PAST	He eyed it carefully before hanging it on one of the bed posts .
tr	PRES	Our conversation splits as Rob leans toward me , whispering , " Did she tell you everything ? "
tr	PAST	This proved unnecessary since George Washington and his troops appropriated the estate in 1776 . "
tr	PAST	" I 'll be here , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	Leaning back with studied casualness , Jacques tipped his chair to a precarious angle and raised an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand with a smile .
tr	PRES	" Jesus Christ , " the supervisor mumbled in anger .
tr	PRES	" Both good points . "
tr	PRES	Her smile fades with the star , and she looks over at me mournfully before relaxing into my chest .
tr	PRES	When I touch his shoulder he snaps out of it , apologizing quickly .
tr	PRES	Her hand stills for a second , but her eyes close as she makes a happy sound and she grips me tighter .
tr	PRES	He dreaded the notion of chatting up a girl from scratch , so he tended to migrate towards girls who already knew him in some context .
tr	PAST	Reed exited the car and set off on foot , walking in Eve 's wake .
tr	PRES	That only pisses ole ' John off even more ya know .
tr	PRES	" Not yet , but it begins to look as if we 'll have to tell him soon . "
tr	PRES	" Can I assume I have earned your trust ? "
tr	PRES	She removes a hanger from the rod and turns around .
tr	PAST	The rest of my body matched my face .
tr	PRES	I 'm crying by the time I get to the BMW , I fumble with the keys and then drop them .
tr	PRES	She lets out a long sigh and then yells , " Dad !
tr	PRES	Only a few bright lights shone out here and there from the opposite shore .
tr	PAST	It happened exactly as James Blake said , " she reported .
tr	PRES	" Shadow visits more than you have .
tr	PAST	Still foggy with jet lag , Mac yawned as the twins stared at him from across the seat .
tr	PAST	While waiting for their orders , they engaged in conversation about their challenging finals earlier that day .
tr	PAST	Grace froze as she was sliding off her panties .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged the edge of his mouth .
tr	PRES	How I found him dead in water that had been comforting only moments before , but then turned suddenly menacing .
tr	PRES	" As a matter of fact , it explains a lot .
tr	PAST	She 's doesn 't seem to handle this type of thing well , " the captain concurred .
tr	PRES	The system under the Crown Court just carries on whirring away without any need for intervention .
tr	PRES	I quietly dab them away .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open into a little O. I make a sound at the back of my throat as his fingers touch me .
tr	PRES	The seat disappears under me .
tr	PAST	He slowed , coming to a halt several yards in front of the little girl .
tr	PRES	" You didn 't answer me , Jess .
tr	PAST	They twirled and struck out at one another with quick and vicious accuracy .
tr	PRES	The soul bursts from him nearly as quickly as the blood that hits the other man in a wide arcing spray .
tr	PRES	" Says the woman who runs a dating service .
tr	PRES	He offers me his hand .
tr	PAST	" Well , I don 't think it will be a big deal , " another volunteer chimed in .
tr	PAST	The sound of glass breaking only urged me on .
tr	PAST	The armed teams carefully snaked upstairs .
tr	PAST	As soon as the thought arose , he dismissed it because he didn 't ever want to lie to his female .
tr	PRES	" For years , Justin begged us to give him a brother ; not a sister , but a brother . "
tr	PAST	The gray shadows of my bedchamber chased each other over the carved posts of my bed as the day died and the water warmed me .
tr	PRES	The pain pulses through me .
tr	PRES	Suggesting that she let him teach her how to hold a sword , just in case .
tr	PRES	My reflection on our turn of events over the past twenty-four hours causes my head to hurt .
tr	PAST	Varg flicked his ears in assent , as bodies continued to be drained and runners continued to carry the filled jars toward the battle lines .
tr	PAST	With a silent moan of despair and surrender , Alexandra curved her hand around his nape and eagerly brought his lips against her own .
tr	PAST	Gregory slapped him on the back .
tr	PAST	She flicked him a look that seemed oddly desperate .
tr	PAST	She flicked her eyes my way and smiled , then turned back to take in the vista as we topped another hill .
tr	PRES	He relaxes back onto his hands .
tr	PAST	A little wild , a little sexy and a lot she desired .
tr	PRES	" Just a precaution . "
tr	PAST	She screwed her face up at him .
tr	PAST	A look of near terror transfixed his face .
tr	PAST	One by one the hooded figures file into the small space , four in all .
tr	PAST	Laughter tickled her raw stomach lining .
tr	PRES	" Wait , " and she pushes back on my shoulders wiggling away up to the headboard .
tr	PAST	I shuffled my feet farther apart .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not normally like this , " Mat reassured Lucy .
tr	PAST	She stated with confidence .
tr	PRES	Horror and shame washes over you .
tr	PRES	Logan breezes into the room .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five There was someone in the room with him , his sleep muffled senses told him .
tr	PAST	Leaving the movie on , Simon stripped off his clothes .
tr	PAST	He lied to me , every step of the way .
tr	PRES	' Teach them whatever kind you like .
tr	PAST	Steadily , he navigated through the darkness .
tr	PRES	I squat over the toilet and then a whirring sound begins .
tr	PRES	A messy punch , with all the impact and none of the effect .
tr	PRES	As much as I can assume she doesn 't need rescuing , relief falls over her as soon as we lock eyes .
tr	PRES	My entire body freezes as I process the words and immediately I scream , " NO !
tr	PRES	" Just the fish ? "
tr	PAST	Morning light from the stained-glass windows painted grotesque patterns on the faces of the young choir at St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
tr	PAST	I slapped his cheek softly a few times , trying to rouse him .
tr	PAST	I inquired about you , and they all said you were very busy , holding down The Royal Perfect fort . "
tr	PAST	At least he acted like more than that .
tr	PAST	The scented water and bubbles sloshed as she stood up .
tr	PRES	Grabbing hold of her arm , Vivian whispered , " Joe loves you . "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side as a soft echo drifted through her ears .
tr	PRES	No wonder he had been reduced to a blubbering pile by the other men in the room .
tr	PRES	At the name " Prior " his eyes settle on me .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	" Not exactly , " I evaded .
tr	PRES	" As you say , " Serena sighs .
tr	PRES	Closing his eyes and holding the staff before himself reverently , the power pulses outwards in waves .
tr	PAST	Each one exploded in a mess of flying tissue and metal .
tr	PRES	" What about the Lieutenant Governor ?
tr	PRES	Dust rips to the sides .
tr	PAST	She giggled , pleased by my disbelief .
tr	PRES	It pushes you along , makes you faster .
tr	PAST	Fear jolted down Vicki 's spine , making it suddenly hard to breathe .
tr	PRES	" Tonight , things will be different , Katelyn . "
tr	PRES	Bent over , Ervin holds his chest , seeming almost out of breath .
tr	PAST	" Your mom mailed them to us , one letter every year with a picture of you .
tr	PAST	I lied to everyone .
tr	PRES	Slow ripples spread outward along her path .
tr	PRES	He signals around us .
tr	PRES	The last time , I recall that Garde showed up on a bad day and he just threw his hands up and walked off .
tr	PAST	I shook my head as I walked right up to her , the rain drenching me , running down my face .
tr	PRES	Staring blankly , Deacon stood until Pike barked , " Towels , Mr. Chance ! "
tr	PRES	The Feast of Saint Barbara Page 69 19 .
tr	PAST	It provided him with a physical workout and went some ways toward taking his mind off work .
tr	PRES	" What a charmer . "
tr	PRES	He creeps me out .
tr	PRES	From scratch , too , not from a mix .
tr	PRES	Their gazes locked and panted breaths mingled .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And sing for your supper . "
tr	PRES	He just refuses to step down , and so far Consul Wayland hasn 't made him , but the Consul won 't invite him to Councils either .
tr	PAST	They created a blur of flying colors .
tr	PAST	He swirled his tongue and began working it in and out of my body .
tr	PRES	He states in a simple tone , as if instead of telling someone he had a panic attack , he is saying that the weather is nice .
tr	PAST	I squealed and reached up to grab his head and kiss him hard on the mouth .
tr	PRES	He stops in the doorway , startled , and I see his head fall .
tr	PRES	Then , he sees me at Elspeth 's house , maybe in my September outfit .
tr	PRES	' ' That 's our mum .
tr	PRES	' Are ye sure ? '
tr	PAST	And then she bounced off the bed and Travis took her hand to lead her out of what Eve now realized was Donovan 's bedroom .
tr	PAST	Sarah cleaned Dan 's feet and ran her hands down all four of his legs .
tr	PAST	He stifled a groan of protest as his feet silently hit the cold floor .
tr	PAST	" Creeps , " exclaimed Stephanie .
tr	PRES	" Because the minute I saw you standing there in that little blue dress , with those golden pigtails , it awakened something else in me .
tr	PAST	Angel scoffed at the challenge and slowly rose to fight him .
tr	PRES	" For it opens the way to the balcony .
tr	PRES	He looks at me , but doesn 't say anything , his face still expressionless .
tr	PAST	She whipped up a Heist and slid it across the bar .
tr	PAST	" You always are , " she countered , taking down her hand .
tr	PAST	The whole place reeked and there was strange graffiti scribbled on the walls , odd phrases scribbled in shaky hands .
tr	PAST	She grunted in frustration and threw the flower pot away .
tr	PAST	We have just over two months to prepare , " Delilah announced early in January .
tr	PRES	Dagger slows to a stop and watches in awe , as both fighting dragons become a burning streak of light descending toward the planet 's surface .
tr	PAST	Your friend Joe Torrey sensed it .
tr	PRES	All those lies for this one moment ? "
tr	PAST	There was nothing like actually living with a man to teach a woman about male needs , Diana reflected .
tr	PRES	I dip a curtsy but do not go to her .
tr	PRES	Raw passion and desire shone out at her and she knew he must be seeing the same things reflected back at him .
tr	PRES	He primarily sells his paintings in his own gallery on the Sunset Strip , nestled between all the famous nightclubs .
tr	PRES	Nothing like the feeling of a well placed rib punch in the bully 's side .
tr	PAST	He barreled toward her , all brawn and no brains .
tr	PAST	then without looking back , slapped the flaps aside and he was gone .
tr	PAST	I crawled over to him and gently placed a trembling hand over his quivering arm .
tr	PRES	Three belong to Lamar Quin 's files .
tr	PRES	She shone her light on it .
tr	PRES	I fold into him and inhale .
tr	PRES	He points towards the one chair that is in our room .
tr	PRES	" What a tragedy .
tr	PAST	He curved his other arm around Maris , holding her close to his side as they walked .
tr	PRES	" Come on , come on , snap it up !
tr	PAST	Julia joked to Alessandro , " That may change after those two talk to her . "
tr	PAST	Realizing they were trapped in a hail of fire power , the last three men transformed into gargoyles .
tr	PRES	It bothers me most when I 'm lying flat and it 's hard to sleep . "
tr	PAST	Last month she actually proposed that council should arrange more assemblies first thing in the morning because she doesn 't like her first period math teacher . "
tr	PAST	It served to hide me quite nicely when I rose the following evening and found a tourist to feed from .
tr	PRES	But still , my finger taps on .
tr	PAST	Nick plopped the book down on the podium and flipped it open .
tr	PRES	Greyson pops the lid on the case he put the cupcakes in then rounds the kitchen with another cupcake in his hand .
tr	PAST	She wriggled around a Dumpster and into the mouth of the alley .
tr	PRES	" Or maybe she just misses you ... " I shrugged .
tr	PAST	Then one day , a ripped guy named Jeff with more piercings and tattoos than a jaded rock star introduced himself .
tr	PRES	Great , she hates me now .
tr	PRES	She glances at the wall clock and bunches her lips ruefully .
tr	PRES	" At my age , an extended vacation now and again helps keep the motor running .
tr	PAST	Isabelle hopped up onto the counter , stretching out her long legs .
tr	PRES	" Nope , " Danny lies .
tr	PRES	I slowly peel my hands off the window .
tr	PRES	The smell of mildew and age stifled the air , the stone walls damp beneath her touch .
tr	PRES	Now , listen up , because I 've got a few ideas ... " As I sit there and fill her in , my excitement rises .
tr	PAST	He doubted she would want to hear that right now .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled as she stepped over Phoebe 's feet .
tr	PRES	Vanessa rattles her cup again , trying to get more tea out .
tr	PRES	Until then , I vow to treat her humanely - The angel slammed Hank 's head against the ground .
tr	PAST	Miriam cringed as she remembered , hidden by the public who had come to pay their respects .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Eight years invested , right down the toilet .
tr	PAST	His warm , minty breath washed over me , fanning the heat in my cheeks .
tr	PRES	I crushed your right foot . "
tr	PRES	She means , Moses Todd explains quietly , survival ain 't a team sport .
tr	PAST	The human queen tipped her head to the side .
tr	PRES	" Not leftovers again . "
tr	PRES	Max opens his mouth to speak , but he doesn 't know what to say .
tr	PAST	Next day however , provided a surprise .
tr	PAST	One from James and one from Hank , and a third from an unknown person , possibly another corpse the police haven 't found yet . '
tr	PAST	Jake attempted to grasp it , to pull it out of his back where it had entered .
tr	PRES	She returns the hug and we descend down the stairs of the front porch and get into the van .
tr	PRES	" Oh , all right " he sighs and heaves himself out of his chair , making a show of being unhappy .
tr	PRES	Harry , could you describe him for me ? "
tr	PRES	" Nice duds , " mutters Tyler , scoping out my outfit as Emerson and I hurry past the desk toward Cooper 's office .
tr	PRES	The expression on my face stops his rush of words .
tr	PRES	" To ravish you . "
tr	PRES	I shout at her .
tr	PAST	Logan breezes in with a clipboard and wags it in the air before handing it to Gage .
tr	PAST	She sensed him just before he struck , and killed him with a pitchfork . "
tr	PAST	I stole it from the Four Seasons . "
tr	PRES	A menacing howl from deep within the trees rips through the peaceful silence and the lights vanish .
tr	PRES	' Isn 't it awfully flat ? '
tr	PRES	" But highly unlikely .
tr	PAST	Just look at the color , " my mom flicked her eggplant colored hair back with her fingertips .
tr	PAST	My fingertips strayed , traced , and explored .
tr	PRES	I assume it 's to keep it away from her colleagues , who would like nothing better than to destroy it .
tr	PRES	Matson lets contemplation run its course ... ' Shall I tell you what ruined my marriage , Arnold ? '
tr	PAST	He doubted he 'd tell Joshua , or at least until he was old enough to take it all in .
tr	PRES	I ... well , our family carries this virus .
tr	PAST	Blood exploded from his face as he bent forward .
tr	PAST	Miriam hopped in beside him , and Neil plunged into the dark stables , waving away Miriam 's offer of help .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , folding her in his arms .
tr	PRES	" And plenty of room for us to steam multiple strands at once .
tr	PRES	" Will , I 'm so sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Lemuel absorbed all this quickly .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed , skittering along the edge of my desk .
tr	PAST	" Does someone named Henry live there ? "
tr	PRES	Our relationships with the spirits of a natural place or what Wil suspects any place , respond with our ability or willingness to communicate with them .
tr	PAST	Golden gritted her teeth as she thought about it .
tr	PAST	And the Bishop motioned furiously for order as the priests began to quarrel with one another , and Fr .
tr	PAST	The merchant motioned toward him .
tr	PRES	He climbs into the Shelby and cranks the engine , the sound of it coming to life a thing of sheer beauty .
tr	PRES	' Oh , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	His phone buzzed , indicating he had voicemail .
tr	PRES	" Your cloak ? "
tr	PRES	At Neck Road his mind flashes on his dad screeching away .
tr	PRES	" A possibility . "
tr	PAST	Joan tickled Milton once more , just for the fun of it .
tr	PAST	In an e-mail to Molly , I described our apartment , the village of Marina , and our new life .
tr	PAST	It was an undignified position : flat on his back , legs spread , arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	A cocktail of emotions befuddled Amy 's mind as she tried to ascertain the situation .
tr	PRES	" Can you swim ? "
tr	PRES	When you discover that which is beyond , the paradox disappears !
tr	PRES	The soft stroke of his fingers on my skin leeches out the lingering pain .
tr	PRES	" You 're so thoughtful , " I snap .
tr	PRES	He pushes past my brother , and the row of males behind him .
tr	PAST	Timmy extracted himself from the web of tinsel and returned to his mother 's side .
tr	PRES	' She only uses creatures that have died naturally or been run over or committed suicide .
tr	PAST	She eyed the bottle warily .
tr	PAST	he enquired , once installed in the tub .
tr	PAST	I trusted Liam wouldn 't go into shock from not having cookies until then .
tr	PAST	Coming to the gap in the fence , Clint slowed down .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , I stole it for the occasion .
tr	PRES	Melody was silent , the echo of Claire 's voice in her mind .
tr	PRES	After a moment , he glances over .
tr	PRES	He hears the rumors of the Leopard that haunts this town and is suspicious of the castle serfs .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes something out of his drawer and swiftly walks to where we 're sitting in the back of the room .
tr	PAST	I preferred to think of it as a slight exaggeration .
tr	PRES	" Pork ' n beans ? "
tr	PRES	Without warning , the entire area begins to shake violently .
tr	PRES	Then she stands up slowly and pouts .
tr	PAST	Over the next several minutes , the waiting game slowed down his heart rate .
tr	PRES	The time draws near , although I could not give you exact hours and minutes .
tr	PAST	" I must agree with Tae , " he stated .
tr	PAST	Frustrated at the lack of insight shown by his employer , Wells resigned and almost gave up entirely on his attempt to join the web .
tr	PRES	Andrew murmurs before flying out of the room .
tr	PRES	All the adults exchange glances , and I 'm glad that they don 't glance at me .
tr	PAST	Noah meandered over to say hi to the guys too , still carrying his Taylor guitar .
tr	PAST	Logic dictated we 'd make it okay , although after losing mom at the mall , I 'd endured a few qualms .
tr	PRES	" Let 's see what you 've got , " Rift taunts , smirking at the ghost .
tr	PRES	A pulse wave passes harmlessly over Samurai , causing the deck plates and bulkheads to rattle .
tr	PRES	Maybe a freaky magician stalker , but not a ghost .
tr	PAST	Flashes of her head smacking that stone assaulted me .
tr	PAST	She tensed beneath his hands .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going , " she mumbled and opened the door .
tr	PRES	Mr. Jackson glares down the street after the bike .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	" He quit the basketball team and changed his appearance , " I blurt .
tr	PAST	Terrance doubted that Mrs. Bidwell expected him to return with this kind of information .
tr	PRES	" I want to give you a lap dance , " I mumbled slowly .
tr	PAST	I clutched my rifle to my waist , though I felt sick at the thought of using it .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed apologetically while gently feeling my chest .
tr	PAST	Not that Marguerite blamed him .
tr	PAST	His tongue invaded the seam of her lips , easing inside with a finesse that made her want to weep and tear his hair out .
tr	PAST	A slow , determined smile curved her lips .
tr	PRES	As he passes me , he whispers , " Tonight . "
tr	PAST	Haddington signalled the footman .
tr	PAST	I confronted him at lunch , in the hallway .
tr	PAST	A large explosion destroyed the creature in a flash of light .
tr	PRES	The mind lets you know the force with which the body makes its way through the world .
tr	PAST	He fled so quickly that he forgot to close the door behind him .
tr	PRES	Ashleigh mumbled to herself .
tr	PRES	A plume of auburn hair rises above the window .
tr	PAST	Kaitlyn froze , her legs suddenly refusing to move .
tr	PAST	He sensed a struggle in either his own room or the spare .
tr	PRES	" Aye , they are bribed , ' tis true .
tr	PAST	Red Hat smashed into Jim .
tr	PRES	She orders us two beers , " Thanks sunshine . "
tr	PRES	" Sabrina , what are you doing to me , lass ? "
tr	PRES	" Yes sir cooks in seventh heaven . "
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PRES	When the right time comes , Morgan Lon Oakes .
tr	PRES	He flips through a few pages , comparing the images to the one on the spectrometer .
tr	PAST	He prowled forward , over his own rug , and saw Raphael 's dark eyes flash , startled , at his sudden purposeful movement .
tr	PRES	Serena folds her hands in front of her , trying to pull off the look of a Werewolf Liaison .
tr	PRES	He tries to punch me .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ... ?
tr	PRES	Rogers stands up with him and grasps his hand , shaking it .
tr	PAST	a voice boomed behind them .
tr	PRES	Finally Bodie stands at his full height , and he points to Maury .
tr	PAST	Some dumped him , too .
tr	PRES	" First George refuses to be a saint .
tr	PAST	Breaks into a ridiculous smile dimmed only by a slight grimace from the pain .
tr	PAST	Lia 's mouth curved slowly into a smile .
tr	PAST	He zeroed in on the silver Camry with Maryland plates parked next to Mickey 's ride .
tr	PRES	Jake sighs wearily and rubs his forehead as though he has a headache .
tr	PRES	I echo , not sure I 've heard correctly .
tr	PRES	She likes my ass .
tr	PAST	Every emotion under the sun swirled inside me like a churning cauldron .
tr	PAST	They swirled seductively through her mind , tempting her , building her desire into a frenzied need .
tr	PRES	" If I have a little representation ? "
tr	PAST	My eyes skipped to the dashboard .
tr	PAST	The nightmarish words feared by every family with a military relative echoed through the airwaves .
tr	PAST	The gaucho dove , hit the platform rolling , and came to a stop between Americus and Cordelia .
tr	PRES	I yell to her .
tr	PAST	The thought saddened me .
tr	PRES	" You 're going to bend my feather , " she teased .
tr	PRES	I am just a mere mortal , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Allie stiffened in surprise .
tr	PAST	I stand over him , hands seized into fists .
tr	PAST	Thomas could feel the silent impact of the explosions , each one rattling his skull , shaking his bones .
tr	PRES	I hiss , clawing at the hand he 's holding over my throat .
tr	PRES	" We barely know each other , " I add , this time speaking to the both of us .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that right , Steven ? "
tr	PAST	I soaked up his praise like a sponge .
tr	PRES	The wind slams against my face as if I 've been slapped .
tr	PAST	Dr. Payne taps her pen on her notebook .
tr	PAST	A waif of a lass , she lingered in the periphery for a moment before moving out of the strong sunlight .
tr	PRES	She sells the films into large chains and manages the sales team . "
tr	PAST	Michele cleaned up once more with a full house that made Clay sit up straight in his chair and reach into his back pocket .
tr	PRES	Chapter 5 Katy The moment Blake and I stepped out of my cell , two military guys surrounded us .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PRES	She pushes a door open , and we stand in a large , open room that reminds me of the building 's lobby .
tr	PRES	She wraps a long length of material around her hair and twists it in a low bun .
tr	PAST	I giggled as I realized there was no way he was going to get this t-shirt back .
tr	PAST	He sensed , further , that there was nothing he could do about it .
tr	PAST	I deepened the kiss with those thoughts on my mind .
tr	PAST	He regarded her for quite a little while before he said , " You are brave . "
tr	PAST	As time went on and seasons passed , the old man of the Lord prayed but he heard not from the Lord .
tr	PAST	Jorge hopped up next to me , still on the phone , but I wasn 't listening .
tr	PRES	His voice rough with lust , he said , " I 've got to take you , Bride . "
tr	PRES	Mia glares over at me .
tr	PRES	If I may be so selfish as to make it . "
tr	PAST	Without waiting for a reply , he stormed out of the apartment .
tr	PAST	" We have a visitor , Gabriel , " Francesca announced , her voice matter-of-fact .
tr	PAST	" I can 't believe you know about that , " Xavier exclaimed with a happy tone .
tr	PAST	She crouched down beside the garment and also found chainmail leggings , chainmail shirt , and leather boots .
tr	PRES	Mickey likes you . "
tr	PAST	Nora prayed , following him over the seaman .
tr	PAST	They shrank back as if the very devil was confronting them .
tr	PRES	It 's supposed to be my day off , " she teased him lightly .
tr	PRES	Just a friend of Rachel 's , so don 't go postal on me , pup . "
tr	PAST	" Are you happy with her , Errand ? "
tr	PRES	He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises .
tr	PAST	He dove for his lightning gun .
tr	PRES	" Yes , your great fatigue with life . "
tr	PAST	Luisa named the girl , Milagros .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	The falcon paraded himself in front of the group and hardly paid attention when Jobe fell on the floor , collapsed from laughing so hard .
tr	PRES	Doc pushes a heavy piece of equipment over to the side with the sheer physical strength that never ceases to amaze me .
tr	PAST	The canvas wall creating the makeshift operating room flapped from movement on the other side , another surgical team to tackle the insurmountable flood of injured .
tr	PRES	He offers me a small , shy smile .
tr	PAST	She abandoned her breakfast .
tr	PAST	Ink supported his weight as they made their way slowly up the stairs ; Ink even helped him lie down and covered him with blankets .
tr	PAST	He stares at me , back at Matt , back at me .
tr	PRES	My whole body twitches and my whole week replays in my mind looking for any happening that would 've bought me a ticket in her office .
tr	PAST	I skipped as quickly as I could .
tr	PAST	They feared the unknown and hated anything they couldn 't explain .
tr	PRES	Jumping up from the cot , I scramble down the hallway .
tr	PRES	" I think not , bro .
tr	PRES	I marvel at the Mexican food buffet sprawled before us .
tr	PAST	What tormented Lucas went further than the horror of that night eight years ago .
tr	PRES	Glaciers sometimes flow off a landmass and fan out over water .
tr	PAST	The cream tiled walls of the lavatories greyed .
tr	PAST	Zac squealed louder when Xavier said pig .
tr	PRES	" I assume so as well .
tr	PAST	She eyed his light blue Hawaiian shirt with waves and surf boards scattered about .
tr	PRES	He likes you . "
tr	PAST	Xavier chimed in , jumping on his brother 's joke .
tr	PRES	" So ... what brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	The war of shadow and light never ceased and violence escalated as the man 's movement increased .
tr	PRES	I shout and my lungs nearly combust .
tr	PRES	The fact still remains that he killed people at one time , and who even said I was interested in him to begin with ? "
tr	PRES	" I think you 'll be dating until you 're old and gray , then , " I warn with a sidelong glance at her .
tr	PAST	Instead of dodging , Dorian instinctively strengthened his chest and stomach .
tr	PAST	But as soon as the warrior saw her , she squealed and grabbed hold of her .
tr	PAST	Rafe cocked his head to one side and nodded .
tr	PRES	I dreaded finding a lifeless pet 's body in the straw , as there could be plenty of stray critters feeding from his bowl .
tr	PAST	So he gritted his teeth and tried as hard as he could to behave .
tr	PRES	She loves to hear from her readers .
tr	PRES	" Another editor on the team . "
tr	PRES	All attempts to trace him had failed .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , honey , " she sniffs .
tr	PAST	Amanda adjusted her book and placed out her hand .
tr	PRES	Edson glances at Duncan , and the prefect answers me .
tr	PAST	" Tall order , Ivy , " I mumbled , looking through the mail .
tr	PAST	He flapped his arms and felt his body surge forward , accompanied by a thrill that sent tingles to the furthest reaches of his body .
tr	PAST	A pile of frothy white unmentionables floated in the mud near her bedraggled coat .
tr	PRES	The heat begins to become unbearable , just moments before the portal that Daniel had created for her journey to enter the Beach House closed .
tr	PRES	He lets his finger linger on the tattoo that represents eternity .
tr	PAST	She seized on her ember for comfort .
tr	PAST	His words pricked my curiosity in spite of my irritation .
tr	PAST	Some claimed the invasion of silent black helicopters was proof of " New World Order storm troopers " under the authority of the United Nations .
tr	PRES	Anthony opens the squeaky glass door .
tr	PRES	A ventilator puffs gently at his side .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	' In that respect at least , you resemble your mother . '
tr	PAST	When the little kids were gone , Laurie seized his shirt and demanded to know what was going on .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the cap and carried it over toward me , extending it .
tr	PRES	' The decoy ? '
tr	PRES	Did you succeed in changing anything ? "
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me how to do it ? "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	I watched them for a moment , then knowing what I would see before I did so , I crouched .
tr	PAST	He approved , actually .
tr	PRES	" Some men lust for gold , others for power .
tr	PAST	She stomped down the stairs to see her friend , who was waiting in the newly cleaned kitchen .
tr	PRES	What you 'll always crave . "
tr	PRES	" Did it occur to you that he might have changed in that many years ? "
tr	PAST	Sparks shattered on top of her as molten monsoon rain .
tr	PRES	" Which brings me to the other reason why we 're here . "
tr	PAST	* * * Ken served dinner to everyone -- excluding Silver , who went home -- and everyone was watching TV in the living room .
tr	PRES	Jada sees my excitement dampen .
tr	PAST	He cocked a challenging eyebrow at her .
tr	PAST	Screams and curses assaulted her ears .
tr	PAST	Together , she and Jordan neared the sarcophagus .
tr	PRES	" Shh , " he whispers into my hair .
tr	PRES	" So you volunteer ? "
tr	PAST	" Wow , a lifetime reduced to two sentences .
tr	PRES	Carrie glances from me , to the physician 's door , to where Holly is helping herself to a liberal supply of condoms .
tr	PRES	" Never insult a witch , Kiev . "
tr	PAST	Elizabeth exhaled and frowned .
tr	PRES	The popular quarterback falls for the shy , studious one .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	When I kicked the bedroom door behind me and set her on her feet she charged towards me again , fists flying .
tr	PRES	She points to the left .
tr	PRES	" Unless they 're criminals " whispers Dredd .
tr	PRES	The crowd joins in , shouting , laughing , hugging , and throwing things .
tr	PRES	" And much passion to protect you . "
tr	PAST	Just then Webb awoke .
tr	PRES	Out of the corner of her eye , she sees Alaric twist .
tr	PAST	If she were an air demon I would simply grab her and squeeze , problem solved .
tr	PAST	She sensed he had been lurking there for some time .
tr	PRES	Lucy bounds toward me as I park the car .
tr	PRES	" You infested our lungs and then set fire to them just so you could send out one man in a tiny ship .
tr	PAST	- And it piled up that beside it , that I 'm realizing Delilah maybe doesn 't even want to meet me .
tr	PRES	She giggles , and I have never , ever heard a happier sound .
tr	PRES	" As was I , Son .
tr	PRES	Her whole face changes .
tr	PRES	" It 's about Dallas , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	She tries to frown , but the Botox stands in the way .
tr	PRES	And my daughter remains here , ruddy and strong , with me .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head toward the stairs .
tr	PAST	She smacked his hand .
tr	PRES	' Sides , why make this temporary stint anymore unpleasant than it already was ?
tr	PRES	My head begins to pound from everything that has happened , but my thinking has never been clearer .
tr	PRES	I would 've given anything for a mental touch , some hint that our relationship isn 't broken beyond repair .
tr	PAST	Instantly Mason slowed his pace and slid her a sideways glance .
tr	PAST	Mike then stated that it was so agreed .
tr	PAST	He wept as he held her .
tr	PAST	She rivaled Angel 's sweetness as far as he was concerned .
tr	PRES	" Your so-called case , " he said deliberately , " falls into the category of Lost Dogs and Haunted Houses .
tr	PAST	They each hooked an arm through Sara 's arms and floated her back to where they 'd kept her before .
tr	PAST	Who knew what time it was when the door to my room opened and three G.I. Joe wannabes motioned me out .
tr	PRES	The pet dog remains aboard .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , determined not to be seduced by his compliments , deliberately moving her gaze to the black cliffs ahead of them . '
tr	PAST	He plunged in harder , deeper .
tr	PAST	He slapped Ty on the shoulder in a brotherly manner .
tr	PRES	He kept his grip on Tessa as he fell , rol ing so that his elbow jammed into her stomach as they tumbled to the ground together .
tr	PRES	He throws a fireball at me and I dodge it in the nick of time .
tr	PAST	At that , my phone beeped again .
tr	PRES	" If Bella wants to work - " " No , it 's okay , Mrs. Newton .
tr	PAST	She lied through her teeth , but why the hell would she blush ?
tr	PRES	And , as he rocketed away , I practically danced up the front walk .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	He lets out a lazy grin and kicks off his shoes .
tr	PRES	His head begins to turn when I see it again .
tr	PRES	He rises from the piano , stalks over to me , and stands mere inches in front of me .
tr	PRES	" Jerk on the ... " Alec scowled .
tr	PRES	" That I do , Em .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled Rocco 's neck , desperately trying to hide her face from the group of Healing Springs townies who were quickly approaching the street .
tr	PRES	Those sights and sounds and smells and movements that added up to one thing .
tr	PRES	My bad mood melts away .
tr	PRES	" My time also approaches its end . "
tr	PRES	He flips through the other pages .
tr	PAST	The smile on his face reflected his heart .
tr	PAST	With the whip still in his hand , the merman 's muscles exploded from neck to shoulder as he flung the creature ahead of the stagecoach .
tr	PRES	Did Daddy teach you how to fight ? "
tr	PRES	She moans in response , her head falling back , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	PAST	A young hotshot grad student who showed up claiming he 'd heard about the legend from a professor .
tr	PAST	" Love your dress , " I joked .
tr	PAST	Luc and Mathieu crouched low .
tr	PAST	Sawyer hopped up on the counter .
tr	PAST	I much preferred Finn .
tr	PAST	My cell phone vibrated in my pocket ; I flipped it open and answered , " Merit 's House of Carpentry . "
tr	PRES	I steal scissors from the medicine cabinet and cut the stitches out , wondering without much curiosity at all if I 'll have a scar .
tr	PAST	She clutched her heart and felt tears coming to her eyes uncontrollably .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't realize you were so agile , " Anne Marie teased .
tr	PAST	" They all claimed he 'd come to a bad end , all right .
tr	PAST	" You 're right , " he caved .
tr	PRES	" He ruined you !
tr	PRES	Cole is standing there , he holds up his shot .
tr	PRES	I want to know you , I crave being around you .
tr	PAST	Army utilized all their resources .
tr	PAST	The approaching sky wolves , at first just dots , sprouted wings as they drew closer .
tr	PRES	She belongs at Shadow Falls with Miranda and me . "
tr	PAST	" A little confused here , " Mack chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Got one of those ankle bracelets ? "
tr	PAST	When he gamely tried once more , this time Laurence deliberately volunteered a reply .
tr	PRES	" Don 't let them intimidate you , Grady .
tr	PAST	" Don 't wait , " I begged him as I pushed my panties down over my hips .
tr	PAST	Eli froze and for a split second their eyes met .
tr	PRES	" It 's ... it 's just such a mess , " she sighs .
tr	PRES	He glances at me before his gaze shifts back to the icy road .
tr	PAST	" You 're part of the network now , " Julie announced stridently .
tr	PRES	He was told , We apologise for the recent lapse in standards .
tr	PRES	The Rubik 's Cube lies on the floor just past him .
tr	PRES	My voice was hoarse as I cupped her face , my thumbs grazing her cheeks and lower lip .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the banging at the door stops .
tr	PAST	She thanked them from the bottom of her heart and said they were good people who deserved all their happiness .
tr	PAST	He quit school , remember , to be on the show ? "
tr	PAST	" And you finally cleaned things the fuck up . "
tr	PAST	Just as Clark tossed another fireball , Della swooped back in and was hit by a cylindrical flame in the hip .
tr	PRES	He throws the football to my side and I have to move quickly to catch it .
tr	PRES	The vessel soon shone .
tr	PAST	Picture a bearded prophet named Moses standing on the top of a mountain .
tr	PAST	Staring upward , Gray 's feet slowed .
tr	PRES	Allyson tries not to think about leaving tomorrow .
tr	PAST	Shocked , I inched back .
tr	PRES	Elijah stands back up and re-enters the flow .
tr	PAST	The screen flicked on and she opened a browser , searching for the link she 'd saved earlier .
tr	PRES	I lean down and place my lips upon his brow .
tr	PRES	" De Lange . "
tr	PAST	African porters received U.S. $ 15,000 each in insurance , which seemed trivial until one recognized that African per capita income averaged U.S. $ 180 per year .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at her , his quick , gray eyes dodging across her face .
tr	PRES	He climbs the steps up to the balcony .
tr	PRES	Both coffins fall out of Warrior 's belly and the dragon drifts slowly away .
tr	PAST	Ella urged him on when he stopped to gauge her reaction .
tr	PRES	" Layla , Damien , Zeke . "
tr	PAST	Having a more subdued nature , however , I calmly stuffed my knitting into my quilted bag and followed Peggy .
tr	PAST	She plopped back down , arms falling in her lap .
tr	PRES	Me , I crash on the couch waiting for Robin to text me .
tr	PRES	Above us , another rift begins to open .
tr	PRES	" Better stock up on supplies .
tr	PAST	A knock at the door shattered my thoughts and left them scattered in my brain .
tr	PRES	Well , what passes for science these days , anyway .
tr	PAST	Azalea elbowed Casey in the side and broke away from her engagement and put her in one of her own with the blade pressed against her throat .
tr	PRES	I lean down so I 'm even in height with her .
tr	PRES	" Two jobs ? "
tr	PAST	Tucker circled his arm in the air .
tr	PRES	Odd lady , normally wears blue sweats and pearls . "
tr	PRES	He folds his hands and pushes out a complacent smile .
tr	PRES	" And Lydia ? "
tr	PRES	Dark , sad , lonely .
tr	PRES	He stands still , looking up at her with those wide blue eyes , then out to where she is looking .
tr	PRES	With that , he signals to the others that we 're moving out .
tr	PAST	" Online " Power reported .
tr	PAST	" You 're right , " he mumbled weakly , spraying tiny streams of blood that had gushed from his nose as he did .
tr	PAST	When they took a walk in the estate in the woods , she pretended to hate the fresh crisp air and stunning surroundings .
tr	PRES	Richard chuckles while reaching under to his bag and pulling out a copy of USA Today from the pocket .
tr	PRES	" Still your babysitter ? "
tr	PAST	" And he supposedly messed with Meredith 's grandfather 's mind so much that this old man tried to kil his wife and his three-year-old granddaughter .
tr	PAST	I trudged down the drive , glancing over my shoulder every few seconds as I took my time .
tr	PRES	With a final loud chant the struggling and howling ghouls vanish beneath the soil .
tr	PRES	" But it belongs here - it belongs to your future queen . "
tr	PAST	" Theodore the Senior has been obnoxiously obsessed with his desire to climb the social ladder , " Liam grudgingly revealed .
tr	PAST	He quit laughing in favor of cursing .
tr	PAST	" Always man , " Brian slapped Doyle on the back .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder and looks out the transparent bulkhead to observe that the red moon now dominates the field of view .
tr	PAST	Feeling old inside and out , I retreated up the steps , pausing once to look back .
tr	PAST	" I couldn 't get through , " she lied , but he had already flipped open her phone .
tr	PAST	The lads clap me on the back to say good luck .
tr	PAST	People referred to them as witches because of their ability to cast spells .
tr	PAST	Antonio smacked his palm to his forehead .
tr	PRES	" Swallow ﬁve of those beads . "
tr	PAST	The rumbling of the car 's idling engine muffled the words , but there was no mistaking that Dennis ' name had been called .
tr	PAST	Something tugged on his sleeve .
tr	PRES	" I 'm getting really tired of all these goodbyes , " she teased .
tr	PRES	As I sit in my room later , her phrase plays over and over in my mind .
tr	PRES	" She is not my friend , " snaps Lynn .
tr	PAST	The tension that had filled both beasts ' muscles subsided .
tr	PRES	He lets the door shut behind us and we 're out in the hallway .
tr	PAST	Frank scribbled out a series of numbers that represented the plot points for his stick figure .
tr	PRES	" He loves her so . "
tr	PRES	Leaning over , he breathes into Gramps 's mouth .
tr	PAST	Alissa yawned and said , " Man , we are getting old !
tr	PAST	And that really bothered me .
tr	PAST	She writhed , her hands running over his lush hair .
tr	PAST	Realizing who stood right behind her , she froze .
tr	PRES	she whispers from behind me .
tr	PRES	Surely Ed wouldn 't - " " Ed ? "
tr	PAST	It crouched low , crumbling dirt and rock with its talons , and then thrust itself upward with powerful muscles .
tr	PRES	" So Joey , what can you tell us about the tournament tomorrow night ? "
tr	PAST	Tavi gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Many of them saddened at the thought of the stranger leaving their midst , perhaps forever .
tr	PAST	Vin leaped to a rooftop , staying low to keep from being exposed by the firelight .
tr	PRES	" Like grandfather - " Andrew stopped , uncertain .
tr	PAST	He leaped down before the horse had stopped , and then stood there looking embarrassed .
tr	PAST	I inched further away from him and held onto the door handle .
tr	PRES	He slams the door of the bedroom behind him and immediately the walkers on the other side of it begin to pound against it with their fists .
tr	PAST	He softly padded his way to the door and then stood with his hand on the knob .
tr	PAST	Every time she tried to do something positive , something that might get her out of this mess , he intervened .
tr	PAST	It flapped its wings and lifted up into the air , rising high above .
tr	PRES	" Four or five kilometres .
tr	PAST	His other hand unzipped my pants and they fell to my ankles .
tr	PRES	He carefully wraps it around me , then picks me up and settles me back on his lap .
tr	PAST	As the ferry pulled out , she adjusted her seat to a more comfortable position and closed her eyes .
tr	PAST	I 'd left her for a little bit with an easy chore and women I trusted to keep an eye on her .
tr	PAST	" The girl you were had her face sliced up , her teeth knocked out , her body violated .
tr	PRES	" Tell him to forget us , " Victoria begged .
tr	PRES	" The drug opens her mind to suggestion .
tr	PRES	" To whom do you permit membership , then ? "
tr	PAST	Eric caressed her wrists where he held them down .
tr	PAST	He feared it would soon take his mind , and rightly so .
tr	PRES	He throws back the covers and climbs out of bed .
tr	PAST	He regained his posture , and sniffed the tears from his eyes .
tr	PAST	Since , I dumped the dress in favor of closeness with Pox , inside the carriage ride .
tr	PAST	Something shattered , echoing off the building .
tr	PAST	The bed bounced and footsteps sounded .
tr	PRES	He offers it to her and she takes one .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	" About that oath .
tr	PAST	" I 've been in worse , " she countered as he anxiously led her away .
tr	PRES	" A lance ? "
tr	PRES	I shine my cell phone into the dumpster behind the Italian restaurant .
tr	PRES	The second you snap it off , and make a dagger you can hold , poof .
tr	PAST	I scooted closer , and he slid his hands along my waist . '
tr	PRES	The way it allows you to take in its beauty .
tr	PRES	Really , " I add , seeing the look of doubt on his face .
tr	PAST	He brandished the arrow .
tr	PAST	Isaac stares into his father 's eyes and wrenches his hand firmly inside his chest , crushing Trajan 's heart .
tr	PAST	" These don 't sound so creditable , " scoffed Smaug .
tr	PRES	He flips on the overhead projector and I immediately recognize the words projected onto the wall .
tr	PRES	It fills the fields with life , but too much of it and the fields wither , die , and become lifeless dust .
tr	PRES	The sun begins to rise giving a golden glow to the air around us .
tr	PRES	" On the hull -- Ashley 's team is present and correct .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , " Grinder states , " As soon as we finish unloading , you can leave . "
tr	PAST	His mother clipped him upside the ear .
tr	PRES	Will gently touches my lower back before moving away .
tr	PRES	" And if he refuses ? "
tr	PAST	' Oh , ' I exclaimed , suddenly feeling on show .
tr	PAST	The light from the morning pierced its way through the tall trees and beamed down on them .
tr	PAST	The moment that Ted was on the ground and immobilized , Joe immediately regained his composure .
tr	PAST	Renato restrained a nervous movement of his body .
tr	PAST	Allowing him to go deeper inside of me , I grunted at the sensation .
tr	PRES	" Did you cheat on Madoc ? "
tr	PRES	" My hair stylist took longer than expected , " she explains evenly .
tr	PRES	" Actually ... " Dev winced .
tr	PAST	She proceeded forward and finally reached it .
tr	PRES	I lean toward her , putting my lips next to her ear , tucking her hair out of the way .
tr	PAST	Scar gritted his teeth , flipping his cape back .
tr	PAST	Tye grunted as he lifted the barbell for the twelfth time , arms shaking .
tr	PAST	He tipped the vodka bottle over his glass and replenished his drink .
tr	PRES	" Stupidity is everywhere , " my aunt murmurs with authority .
tr	PRES	" Holy shit , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	she mutters into her lap as she slashes lines into her paper with red ink .
tr	PAST	I impulsively inched toward him .
tr	PAST	The wind tugged at their clothing , raked at their bodies .
tr	PRES	He lies down on his belly and wags his tail .
tr	PAST	Past time she ruled rather than merely observed .
tr	PAST	Then , several months later , just when she had almost given up hope , she received a response on one of the WW2 forums .
tr	PRES	The truthful answer rips itself from his throat before he can create a lie to appease me .
tr	PRES	Hayden falls quiet for what feels like a week .
tr	PRES	Jack gazes into my eyes and my pulse thumps harder and harder .
tr	PRES	Then suddenly vanish again .
tr	PRES	No sense in dying with a bulbous beak on my forehead .
tr	PAST	The wing on that side arose from his back and spread forward , as if tied to the motion of his arm .
tr	PRES	He nails me in the eye from the left .
tr	PAST	Jack , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	She motioned for Olivia to come in as she threw her blonde hair back into a ponytail , taking her reading glasses off her face .
tr	PAST	She tipped up her chin , meeting Dasher 's incredulous stare .
tr	PAST	The man shrieked when the dark , silvery fluid running along the tube reached his head and he thrashed against the straps .
tr	PRES	" I can 't believe he 'd do that ... say something like that , " I mumbled into the fabric of her shirt .
tr	PAST	I screwed my face up in awkward frown .
tr	PAST	She prayed to become kinder and more patient , despite the fact that she didn 't need help in either department .
tr	PAST	" Say Mass in the morning , screw the servant girl in the afternoon .
tr	PAST	His hand slapped the firm flesh of her rear and she growled .
tr	PRES	You regard them as spoils of war .
tr	PAST	No sense in you freezing to death in here . "
tr	PRES	Blake holds his arms out to stop the oncoming traffic .
tr	PRES	She looks around , then whispers , " Timothy Hutchins . "
tr	PAST	A beautiful bar in the corner served drinks in colorful glasses .
tr	PAST	Disappointment and regret lanced through Logan .
tr	PRES	The wolf padded around the couch to sit beside her .
tr	PRES	A deadlock binds the case as if it holds something valued enough to be sealed away .
tr	PRES	I shout , knowing I 'm being unprofessional , but not caring at the moment .
tr	PRES	Juni 's face freezes .
tr	PAST	He leaped from the truck , dragging her with him , then he hauled her out of the way and up against the tunnel wall .
tr	PAST	Every objection from Lion only served to increase my frustration .
tr	PAST	The outcome of this battle hinged on which one would tire first .
tr	PRES	Isaac falls on one knee with a grunt .
tr	PAST	It sensed a threat outside .
tr	PRES	" Something I told myself I 'd never do , " Elder mutters .
tr	PAST	Patience was on the porch now , her hands clasped in front of her .
tr	PAST	No trees swayed in the breeze , no animals scampered in the forest , as if the world itself had come to a halt .
tr	PAST	Her family claimed origins in old Alexandria society ; he 'd been an Army brat .
tr	PRES	He immediately throws his arms around her and hugs her .
tr	PAST	" Now , you 've all volunteered to work for us , for free , and we respect that .
tr	PRES	Or at least suspects . "
tr	PRES	I HAVE MADE THIS FOR YOU .
tr	PAST	The last time we spoke , you unbuttoned my frock . "
tr	PRES	A sad smirk touches his lips .
tr	PAST	I bounced hurriedly down the spiral staircase , jolting myself from my thoughts .
tr	PAST	They invaded your clothing , stinging your skin .
tr	PAST	He hauled his bike back up the hill and onto the road .
tr	PRES	Enjoying the dream , but midway through an inner voice whispers , " Wake up . "
tr	PAST	Skulls with jaws and without topped many of the longer bones .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , Byron .
tr	PAST	The sun reflected off their windows and shined back into his eyes .
tr	PAST	The ancient magic and it fused with mine in a jolting and exhausting cataclysm .
tr	PRES	" Wait lets see what else we come up with first . "
tr	PRES	I quit ... long before the divorce was final .
tr	PAST	She giggled again , but this time she gripped me by the shoulders .
tr	PRES	" The miracle ? "
tr	PRES	As he walks through the midnight streets , he tries to reach into her side of the conversation , to pull out the cardinal truths .
tr	PAST	You stole my only son and murdered him for his fortune ! "
tr	PRES	" That he screwed up .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed as blood rushed backwards into her body .
tr	PAST	He barely dared hold them in his profane hands .
tr	PAST	Prue tensed as her muscles tightened .
tr	PRES	" Almost completely healed , " he mumbled , more to himself .
tr	PAST	He transferred his attention to Victoria , whose cheeks had tinted a charming pink .
tr	PRES	" Quick , lad !
tr	PRES	Behind us lies an encampment of weary , beleaguered clansmen with a war to fight .
tr	PRES	Mom flashes me a smile as she slides out of her chair so she can introduce me .
tr	PRES	And what if the water reaches the garden ? "
tr	PAST	He freed her , intent on his plans .
tr	PRES	She kills with one touch .
tr	PAST	He caressed his thick fingers over the program box and grinned at me .
tr	PRES	" You represent the Bright Queen ? "
tr	PAST	" Should we split up to look for Chaste ? "
tr	PAST	Uneven brown plains extended in all directions .
tr	PRES	But my son deserves to have a normal life .
tr	PAST	Strolling over to grab the money from my purse , I slap the thick envelope onto the table .
tr	PAST	Avery stiffened and held very still .
tr	PAST	She occasionally tugged at her tacked hair but it was no looser than before . "
tr	PAST	The Queen emerged below him after several seconds .
tr	PRES	" You should let me go , warrior , " she teased .
tr	PAST	He eyed me warily and he had a look like he was trying to read my mind .
tr	PRES	" Better than being drooled on by a man twice your age , " Emma mumbled .
tr	PRES	Logan points to Sean 's mouth .
tr	PRES	Not morning sickness , " she begged aloud .
tr	PAST	I eyed the doorway that led to them .
tr	PRES	' Everybody learns . '
tr	PAST	Ron fidgeted in his seat .
tr	PRES	' Only Germans ... ' ' I don 't think I 'd fancy that . '
tr	PRES	Knell stands with parked hands on her wrist and frowns at the black dust and red rock .
tr	PAST	When we reach the end of the alley , Tobias presses his shoulder to one wall and leans forward just enough to see around the corner .
tr	PRES	On a nearby table , an open book lies beside a quill and inkwell .
tr	PAST	A sickening despair stole over her frame , making her dizzy and weak .
tr	PRES	She holds her hand in the air , pleading .
tr	PAST	After several minutes he emerged from the deeper shadow of a chimney stack , smiling a strange and terrible smile .
tr	PRES	Eventually a pinprick of light shone in the black .
tr	PRES	He whispers with a grin .
tr	PAST	in a tone that dared me not to answer .
tr	PAST	As if I 'd been your enemy all along , not the man you claimed to love . "
tr	PAST	The police dog 's tail wagged vigorously as he escorted them to the waiting car .
tr	PAST	I had doubted him .
tr	PRES	He lets out a deep breath .
tr	PAST	His hair , damp and disheveled , created a rumpled appearance , making him look even sexier than he had earlier .
tr	PRES	Smoke purred loudly , the noise soothing somehow .
tr	PRES	He brings his fingers up to my lips and begins tracing them , slowly .
tr	PRES	" Diplomacy at its finest , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	His grin revealed two missing molars .
tr	PRES	Can 't swim - can 't move .
tr	PAST	" Of course it 's from Ian , " Emily urged .
tr	PRES	' If you could just give me a cheque for five thousand , ' Laura begged .
tr	PAST	It looked like she had hundreds of instant messages , piled one on top of the other .
tr	PRES	At the sound of them , the red stallion flinches , as if the bells are physically painful , and I find myself unexpectedly blinking away tears .
tr	PRES	But as everyone has been telling me , that causes too many questions .
tr	PRES	I flinch as he pats my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Were the investment accounts the only thing they froze ? "
tr	PRES	" Pour le sport ? "
tr	PAST	Kaitlyn 's heart skipped a beat at the sound of her mother 's voice .
tr	PAST	The light dimmed and brightened through the shutter slats , as the leafy foliage was pushed in and out of shape .
tr	PAST	Evan crouched in front of me , his hand resting lightly on my knee .
tr	PRES	" With one rover ? "
tr	PRES	The John Hancock Center rises above us .
tr	PRES	" True , very true , " Mrs. Quintanilla murmurs .
tr	PAST	I froze and took a deep breath .
tr	PAST	His son denied everything accusing his teachers of bias .
tr	PRES	Would you discuss the possibility of it with her ? "
tr	PRES	A bee lands on his nose and he snorts , shaking his head to throw it off before quickly scampering away .
tr	PRES	She tries a spoonful of soup , finds it insipid .
tr	PAST	" Josh 's stuff is as good as hers , " someone behind Mary piped up .
tr	PRES	" Protect yourself , " Art hisses .
tr	PAST	I sensed some tension in her , some resistance .
tr	PAST	Then I blotted the drop of blood from his hand with my handkerchief and handed the frilly little piece of cloth to him .
tr	PRES	" What brings you down to our sleepy little town today ? "
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed again .
tr	PRES	" And Brother Lupine . "
tr	PRES	I peel my bag open and retrieve the plastic fork .
tr	PAST	She thanked the attendant and watched him take the wheel only to park it a few feet away .
tr	PAST	She washed her face and calmed her breathing .
tr	PAST	Sean inhaled , but Jared 's scent spoke the truth .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to touch my eye .
tr	PRES	The horrid smell fills the hallway air , overtaking all my senses .
tr	PRES	" Actually , Mr. Ferguson , the term ' dick ' originated in the 1500s , meaning ' fellow ' or ' lad . '
tr	PRES	On the back of his tongue , he tastes frost and winter .
tr	PAST	Kathy swirled around , putting Isaac out of James 's reach .
tr	PAST	Her senses heightened as she allowed the memories to bring forth the change .
tr	PAST	Stepping closer , he invaded her personal space .
tr	PRES	She refuses to leave the kitchen until we 're with her .
tr	PAST	Gavin dumped out the rest of the bucket and Stephen dove in .
tr	PAST	" The angle isn 't right , " he yawned , unimpressed .
tr	PAST	The sun 's rays warming my skin as I now stand at an entrance to a large canopy of dappled light .
tr	PAST	The sweat soaked mage shook his head weakly .
tr	PAST	For the better part of the day Adi and I split our work in half .
tr	PRES	" You 're ... not dead , " Honour murmurs .
tr	PRES	" A collar ? "
tr	PAST	He doubted anyone would bring a check .
tr	PAST	I dreamed about her .
tr	PAST	" You know , get off your chest , " piped in Allison .
tr	PRES	" Most people assume that about me , like many other things .
tr	PAST	He washed the blood from his skin and changed his clothes , looking refreshed .
tr	PRES	" Who ever rises up ? "
tr	PAST	Her hands toyed with the edge of her tank top , and Cole 's lungs tightened .
tr	PRES	Knox begins ; quiet at first , then louder .
tr	PAST	inquired Jane to no one in particular , while staring out the window .
tr	PAST	Cool dread washed over me .
tr	PRES	" What - " " Shh ! "
tr	PRES	Their claws twitch as if in time to some beat I can 't quite hear .
tr	PRES	I yell as I grab it back out of her grasp .
tr	PAST	He provided them with what they needed ; in Marcella 's case , that would have been an education , money and a new identity .
tr	PRES	I hesitate and let out a frustrated grunt .
tr	PRES	" A souvenir . "
tr	PAST	The sound of his horse , the horse he could never ride again , only served to deepen his depression .
tr	PRES	" Your turn , " he murmurs , his breath hot against my ear .
tr	PRES	Ty bellows from the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" What about three grand ? "
tr	PAST	But the ball rocketed right !
tr	PAST	The dragon flapped her wings and flew out of the pit .
tr	PAST	Glancing down , he willed his human c * ck to behave .
tr	PRES	They scare the shit out of me . "
tr	PRES	" I assume he put his number in there , right ?
tr	PAST	Forty-five minutes later , Dana emerged with the true story .
tr	PAST	He prowled below her , his ears and eyes alert for danger , yet he was merged deeply with her , immersed in her childlike happiness .
tr	PAST	He flicked his tongue over her earlobe , making her shake with desire .
tr	PRES	You shame yourselves by treating me so . "
tr	PRES	Oh God , " Lila mutters .
tr	PAST	If she thinks I stole you ... " " I can belong to both of you , " Lexi said solemnly .
tr	PAST	Wes 's gaze never wavered from my face .
tr	PRES	Says Bjorn slamming down his shot glass and turning to face the other man .
tr	PRES	" Okay , you shameless hussy .
tr	PAST	Sam emailed back , with as much economy in words and emotion as he could handle , so he replied : " Sure . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened with anger .
tr	PAST	She cringed as she remembered all the signals she must 've misinterpreted to wind up in his bed , naked .
tr	PRES	The cigar Carlos is smoking almost falls out of his mouth .
tr	PAST	He just prayed those answers weren 't going to plunge Sunny right back into harm 's way .
tr	PAST	Despite their efforts , the fireball smashed against the ground , causing a loud and extensive explosion .
tr	PAST	His gaze roamed over her , settling again on her face .
tr	PRES	Behind them , Serena hears Kai cough .
tr	PAST	Their black boots crisscrossed , their hips swayed .
tr	PRES	" Good job , " Ryan said dryly , pul ing me behind him .
tr	PRES	Same rule applies to most in a raiding party . "
tr	PAST	The storm shimmied like a woman over the site , grinding its hips in a terrible demonstration of allure and judgment .
tr	PAST	" Tell us about yourself , " I urged .
tr	PAST	Marcus saluted and withdrew from the tent .
tr	PRES	Roland holds up a book , Master Me .
tr	PRES	She never really lies or keeps secrets , unless you ask her to .
tr	PRES	I steal another look at Jase in his jeans .
tr	PAST	" Alright , " I exhaled loudly .
tr	PAST	As if he feared revealing more than he desired .
tr	PAST	" You ate all the dessert , " he accused .
tr	PRES	" Don 't make me get out my whip , " she teased .
tr	PRES	You act like we haven 't seen each other in a month , " Jess teased her .
tr	PRES	He slides me down his body and kisses my nose .
tr	PAST	I slowed down my pace and eventually stopped .
tr	PRES	Perry glances up at him - at me - frowning .
tr	PRES	" Shelton hates baseball .
tr	PRES	He slowly releases my hand after he was given anaesthesia .
tr	PAST	I braced myself for Rigel 's voice .
tr	PAST	Mike eyed the cozy set-up .
tr	PRES	Susie wisely changes the subject .
tr	PAST	My fangs pierced the skin , and I silenced him before a scream could escape .
tr	PRES	But the solstice begins in Sagittarius today due to the planet 's precession .
tr	PRES	Her voice was soft , but full of disbelief , the phone still ringing by her side .
tr	PRES	She crawls over into the other seat , and as soon as she 's got the seatbelt clicked in , I 've got us in reverse .
tr	PRES	The Second Law of Thermodynamics describes a process that inevitably chops off extremes .
tr	PAST	Good ... The word bounced around the fragmented edges of Peter 's completely blown mind , not finding any relevant echo to what he was feeling .
tr	PRES	" Oh , ha ha . "
tr	PRES	He holds up a hand to high five me .
tr	PAST	He hugs his parents and races for the door .
tr	PRES	Nathan 's mouth pressed flat , his dark brows drawing together .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Morgan Creek ? "
tr	PRES	She lets me penetrate her slowly , sinking over me with her neck thrust back , a strangled cry ripping from her throat .
tr	PRES	A thoughtful look rises on his face .
tr	PAST	Neil dialed another number .
tr	PAST	I trusted you ! "
tr	PAST	Her hands dove to his erection , curled around it and stroked its length .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	" It changes everything . "
tr	PRES	" And off-limits to you . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Allie !
tr	PRES	But the soft look in her eyes , that fleeting expression , kills the words on my tongue .
tr	PRES	It allows you to seize the cloth and bend it and tear it at your whim .
tr	PRES	" You are my kind of woman , " the nameless warriors winks with one eyelid then the other at me when I giggle .
tr	PRES	" I ruined it . "
tr	PRES	But definitely not the Guinness Record for awfulness . "
tr	PRES	" I better go , " she whispers before taking off like a bullet .
tr	PAST	He whipped his head back around to stare at his wife .
tr	PAST	The scent of her blood engulfed him ; her heartbeat invaded his body and took over his senses .
tr	PRES	This rips several cables out of her metal body , her eyes widen and she releases a painful croak .
tr	PRES	Tristan stops with me , observing me with curiosity .
tr	PRES	A soft , womanly smile played over her lips , dimples appearing .
tr	PAST	I quit my job and lined up a new one at the local community college there . "
tr	PAST	He stood alone on the deck , his face washed by the breeze , and considered the man 's final insult .
tr	PAST	That Remington had still not made a peep troubled her , as his coma had now lasted almost a full day .
tr	PRES	You 're ruining the moment , " I teased her .
tr	PAST	" I 'm just tired , " I faked a yawn before nuzzling myself deeper into his arms .
tr	PRES	As he waits for it to open , he falls asleep .
tr	PAST	" Ho , ho , ho , " he teased , grinning up at her .
tr	PAST	I split the pills , putting seven into a plastic bag and three in the jar to take with me .
tr	PAST	His eyes shadowed , but he nodded .
tr	PAST	Within an instant the weather reversed , bringing forth the ecstasy of the summer day again .
tr	PAST	She giggled , an odd response from Ginny when the subject of Dean Triplett came up .
tr	PAST	Her hands froze first , since that 's where I let loose with the power .
tr	PAST	In spite of the momentary distress , the crowd submitted to the change in mood .
tr	PRES	" What about our sisters ? "
tr	PRES	He holds up his own copy of the collection of poems .
tr	PAST	" Calm down , " she chided herself .
tr	PAST	As they conversed , Xavier motioned for Thomas to step away .
tr	PAST	Then he crouched with his gun at the ready and began working his way to the back of the house .
tr	PRES	She returns to the table and whispers , " Or maybe , he needed a better hiding place for the loot worth 500,000 million dollars . "
tr	PAST	The panther within her urged caution .
tr	PAST	Charlie crouched and adjusted his lamp .
tr	PAST	" Not at all , " Ms. Devereux mumbled , her icy demeanor melted for the moment .
tr	PRES	Dani shook her head , her bright red highlights flashing in the light of the moon .
tr	PAST	" Almost $ 30 trillion dollars created out of thin air , " Lars reiterated .
tr	PRES	She stills , processing everything I revealed .
tr	PAST	For God 's sake , we destroyed these proud Highlanders , these warrior Chiefs .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Sire . '
tr	PAST	However , President Davis ruled behind the scenes by an iron hand .
tr	PRES	The cat launches itself back into the woods and is quickly out of sight .
tr	PRES	He still owes them two hundred dollars .
tr	PAST	He crouched beside me once he 'd changed , straightening my clothes almost tenderly .
tr	PAST	Angelina looked at her , a strange smile on her face and JC 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	Eve stares at him .
tr	PRES	Most people assume that we are entertainers at best and scam artists at worst . "
tr	PRES	He likes the project a lot .
tr	PRES	" Don 't fool yourself , bro .
tr	PAST	I eyed the beast skeptically .
tr	PRES	And of course I saved your life , you imbecile .
tr	PRES	Aurelio sees law enforcement in America as being too far beneath him to bother with actually discussing deals .
tr	PRES	' Are you sure , Pol ?
tr	PRES	Breeze asked , hand resting on his cane .
tr	PAST	A tightness clutched at her insides .
tr	PRES	She draws a heart in lipstick at the point where we would meet again .
tr	PRES	She was still smiling , her body vibrating in her seat .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my arm free from my side and run my finger along the outline of his jaw .
tr	PAST	He released Carter 's shirt , his gaze still riveted on the steady trickle of blood spilling onto the warehouse floor .
tr	PRES	It tingles , but I can 't move it .
tr	PRES	" And I assume that the ultimate goal is to fill that empty seat , to scan our consciousness into computers . "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	" And she loves me .
tr	PRES	In the blink of an eye , she throws an orb at me .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PAST	As the leader of the rebellion she received the best of what they could manage .
tr	PAST	She inhaled sharply , and for a moment , she didn 't react .
tr	PRES	" Very sensitive and has a tendency to cry .
tr	PRES	" First instructor ? "
tr	PRES	" Geoffrey considers himself above it all . "
tr	PAST	The chimney mortar had disintegrated and the bricks above the roof were just sitting there .
tr	PRES	" Barnacle trusts us . "
tr	PAST	She overflowed with anxieties .
tr	PRES	You obviously disagree . "
tr	PAST	On my back , sweating , I perceived the softness of a mattress beneath me and a pillow supporting my head .
tr	PAST	Emma hugs me gently and then sits back on her heels , taking my hands again .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that she might have introduced me by that name just to have an opportunity to share where I 'm from .
tr	PAST	Satisfied , she pretended not to hear .
tr	PAST	Maddy skipped off down the staircase , leaving Edwin behind .
tr	PRES	We all pile into the living room and kitchen when my other little nephew , Alex , comes running down the hallway followed by Jackson and Chloe .
tr	PRES	" Myrtle Beach ! "
tr	PAST	The man 's eyes flicked around him as he walked , careful , wary and alert .
tr	PRES	" FUCK NO ! "
tr	PRES	The Colony likes to be seen to take care of its own ; especially deciding on whether they live or die .
tr	PRES	Mia holds out her hand .
tr	PAST	Rolling her eyes , Kaitlyn hopped up on the stool in the corner .
tr	PRES	" Good morning mum .
tr	PAST	A deep , husky laugh rumbled through his body and teased mine .
tr	PRES	" Then I shall , my dearest Madam . "
tr	PRES	And it all fits .
tr	PRES	Logan points to Sean 's mouth .
tr	PRES	It belongs only to those who wish to tread upwards on it .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and not a breath escapes .
tr	PRES	Still I warn you he gets angry easily . "
tr	PAST	In the shelter , the break room also served as a conference room .
tr	PAST	I froze when I saw him .
tr	PAST	He stomped his boots heavily on the concrete of the walkway and scrubbed them hard to clear dirt , mud , and clay from the bottoms .
tr	PRES	" An insult . "
tr	PAST	She smacked him on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	He selected a bottle and held it up to the light .
tr	PRES	" What kind of man steals a purse from under a dressing room door ? "
tr	PRES	" Zane , Zane , Zane . "
tr	PAST	His eyes squinted a bit as though trying to focus on something .
tr	PAST	She unfolded the arms of the glasses and placed them on Madeline 's face .
tr	PRES	So many radical changes .
tr	PAST	It 's only him , mom , and me , " he slowed down and let go of Austin 's hand .
tr	PRES	Ha ha ha ! "
tr	PRES	I rip off the pink wig and throw it across my room .
tr	PAST	" Tonight 's menu is lemon chicken and rice , " she announced , handing the meal up to him .
tr	PRES	Did allowing my parents to be killed by a madman right in front of me qualify as pushing me to my limits ?
tr	PAST	As the strongest orgasm I 'd ever had rushed through my veins , I collapsed on top of her , keeping my weight on my elbows .
tr	PRES	" ' Tis only crumbs , you silly thing . "
tr	PRES	Looking past the debris , I could see the white clapboard , the faded shutters flanking an enormous picture window .
tr	PAST	Next to his name it stated , " Unclaimed . "
tr	PRES	' Oh , pins .
tr	PAST	Blue sniffed him intently before letting him pass .
tr	PRES	" That school blew , " Guy comments from the couch .
tr	PAST	He belted his robe more securely and descended the stairs to the lower floor .
tr	PAST	Swallowing hard , Lexi unbuttoned her pants and stepped out of them .
tr	PRES	" The prisoner carts . "
tr	PAST	He stole a glance at me .
tr	PAST	It all created an atmosphere that matched the blank expressions of the handful of students sprawled out on the worn couches and chairs .
tr	PRES	The fabric of the dress stretches over her protruding belly and even though I try not to , I can 't help but stare .
tr	PAST	" Short on the sides , a little longer on the top , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	That little snatch of conversation revealed worlds about his character .
tr	PAST	I flapped on , forcing the transport to happen though my wings felt like they were moving through heavy mud .
tr	PRES	A hungry predator who 'd just spotted prey .
tr	PRES	" The nameless ? "
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore into his .
tr	PRES	Then she frowns and , Lord have mercy , puts down the eyeshadow wand .
tr	PRES	Pot pies in the freezer and salad in the fridge .
tr	PAST	He slowed the truck almost to a stop , then turned into our place .
tr	PAST	We instinctively dove to the ground , waiting for them to cease .
tr	PAST	After lunch the women shopped and the band cracked into more busking .
tr	PAST	Jac -- " Fuchs cuffed her , and the exclamation died on her lips .
tr	PAST	" He 's still working on it , " she joked .
tr	PRES	He bangs on the other side and I know he 'll make it through very soon , so I hurry .
tr	PRES	He holds out his arm , and I stare at him .
tr	PRES	* * * " I love spending time with you , " sighed Jean , and I replied " Same here . "
tr	PAST	Elliot fiddled with the keys for a minute before he put them in the ignition .
tr	PRES	" Not just any pajamas ... " I unfold the shirt and cry out in horror .
tr	PAST	For more than a hundred and fifty years she served her part .
tr	PAST	Emily sensed a disquieting energy emanating from him .
tr	PAST	He scribbled down his name before giving it back , and he handed Carmine the letter .
tr	PAST	But her expression sobered almost as fast , crazy quick , as she approached Elise .
tr	PAST	As she slid into the limo , she smacked me on the arm and told me to move over .
tr	PRES	We stank of it , our clothing and hair .
tr	PRES	She pul ed away , punching him in the arm , just to make her position perfectly clear .
tr	PRES	Mom still tries to pretend the three of us are normal , but deep down , she knows the truth . "
tr	PRES	Steve loves her a lot . "
tr	PAST	The closer he came to her , the more she shrank into the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Two hundred Golden Suns will still remain , your Royal Highness . "
tr	PAST	A quick surge of adrenaline jolted through her .
tr	PAST	She inhaled and forced much needed air back into her lungs .
tr	PRES	" What , that you belong to someone else ?
tr	PRES	Another chuckle before I felt the dangerously sensual pressure of fangs .
tr	PRES	The door opens and we laugh as Frankie sighs , " Stupid motherfuckers . "
tr	PAST	Danny 's heart leaped for joy .
tr	PRES	This philosophical thriller brings their three destinies together on a journey deep into the nature of identity , reality and existence itself .
tr	PRES	" Oui , I sing and have practiced now for the last years , learning a few instruments , but my favorite is the lute . "
tr	PAST	He exhaled and realized he could not breathe in .
tr	PAST	When Ray finished his narrative , Steve referred to his notes and led Ray back through the story , asking a lot of questions about certain events .
tr	PRES	' Can you cure it ? ' '
tr	PAST	That line of thinking supported the current plan .
tr	PAST	as we stormed out the front door , down the rickety old stairs , flying forward .
tr	PAST	I pondered this as I made my bet and played out the hand .
tr	PAST	It perked things up a little .
tr	PRES	" What , he just floats in the air ? "
tr	PRES	He holds up the keys to his SUV .
tr	PRES	" That , my dear unwanted bride , remains to be seen . "
tr	PRES	They hesitate but stand their ground .
tr	PRES	" Absolutely , positively sure . "
tr	PAST	She prevented him from moving farther .
tr	PAST	My breath froze as I watched the suns glint off his tousled blond hair .
tr	PAST	She caressed his length in her hands .
tr	PRES	I nervously mumbled and braced myself for another scolding .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to unpack ? "
tr	PAST	The shadows around her eyes troubled him , for they went deeper than the bruises .
tr	PAST	He collapsed on the sofa , laying the length of it .
tr	PAST	Sibyl stiffened to the approximate pliability of a two by four .
tr	PRES	Sleep out by the pool .
tr	PAST	" The second batch I 've had to make , thanks to someone raiding the kitchen while they cooled . "
tr	PRES	Her bodice 's smooth fabric was thin , the bones of her corset the only barrier between him and her soft skin .
tr	PAST	The smell of her soap swirled in the air on thick tendrils of steam .
tr	PRES	" Worse visual ever . "
tr	PRES	She stares into the fire .
tr	PRES	He opens the screen door and goes back into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	The horse leaped forward and she crouched low .
tr	PAST	He produced a flask and rations from his gear .
tr	PAST	He glided across the distance between them to sit carefully beside her .
tr	PAST	I bounced a little and clapped .
tr	PRES	" The intensity or whatever . "
tr	PRES	" That bird also rises from its own ashes , stronger than ever before . "
tr	PAST	Her dad cringed , defeat curling his body inward .
tr	PRES	The beeping speeds up and I try to open my eyes to see what 's making that God-awful noise .
tr	PRES	" Did you feed from Inez ? "
tr	PAST	The train sped along the rails at one hundred miles per hour and yet , they actually wanted to jump out .
tr	PAST	I yell , shoving him back again .
tr	PRES	He frowns and points to my midsection .
tr	PAST	A thud vibrated through the wall as though a giant bolder had rammed into it , and I jumped .
tr	PRES	It falls about six inches past my shoulders , but I keep it pulled up most of the time due to the southern humidity .
tr	PAST	Perpetual Nightmare By : Traci Smith Copyright 2011 Traci Smith Smashwords Edition License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	PRES	I drag the tip of my tongue along his length .
tr	PAST	Lucas conjured a light orb in his free hand while Hagan prepared an arrow .
tr	PAST	" You 're going to have to drive off the road and park behind those bushes , " I instructed Vee .
tr	PRES	For another , he loves you . "
tr	PAST	" Grappling sounds kind of kinky , " I teased , turning the subject back to fighting .
tr	PRES	Thayer reaches up and sweeps my hair back off of my shoulders .
tr	PRES	Her heels click as she browses around my room , running her finger along the wall .
tr	PRES	" Shhh , " I mutter , backing her up into the dressing room she just vacated .
tr	PAST	It created a dizzying display of light and blackness , making it difficult to judge distances or to maintain her awareness of their direction or position .
tr	PRES	" Of course , mi amor .
tr	PAST	" A lizard . "
tr	PAST	Eventually , he collapsed onto the mattress beside me but rolled and pulled me into his body .
tr	PRES	The cave opens up onto the sheer face that we have to climb .
tr	PRES	" She trusts you .
tr	PAST	" I 'll help , " Lacy volunteered .
tr	PAST	Lucas outstretched his arm and turned his palm upward .
tr	PRES	Warmth ... softness ... " Victoria ! "
tr	PRES	I fold my arms around me to remember him and his strength .
tr	PAST	Palpatine cringed at the thought of relying on anyone .
tr	PRES	His hand inches north so slowly ; the swirling ache of want low in my belly causes me real pain .
tr	PRES	Sincerely , Mr. Nice Guy I shuddered and felt clammy all over .
tr	PRES	I mutter as I watch for Connor 's white Audi .
tr	PAST	Wayne revealed his knowledge of the previous evening .
tr	PRES	She likes the new you . "
tr	PAST	His lanyard bore several beads of white and green that somehow clashed with his muddy hazel eyes .
tr	PAST	Anna attempted to make eye contact with her .
tr	PAST	" Leave the island tonight , " he advised .
tr	PAST	He quietly unfolded to his feet .
tr	PRES	Now , Gert swears she did not take anything .
tr	PRES	" He likes playing with it . "
tr	PAST	Kelly stormed out of the classroom , breathing hard , Nash right behind her .
tr	PRES	He lies back down , playing with my hair as he falls asleep .
tr	PRES	This band allows anyone in a wheelchair to sit in front with their dates . "
tr	PRES	They sell naming rights to anyone willing to fork it over .
tr	PRES	' Dear Frederick the Red ... slain .
tr	PAST	When Daisy left her in New Orleans , Sabine inhaled the scent of the river .
tr	PAST	Covering his nose , Lord Holden retreated desperately .
tr	PRES	' Bonny lass eh ? '
tr	PAST	I scooted all the way across the back seat .
tr	PAST	A second later , the private numbered phone vibrated in his other pocket .
tr	PAST	The Seraph alighted gracefully on the slope and stepped out of his wings .
tr	PAST	As I lusted for that symbol of civilization , I pretended nonchalance .
tr	PAST	For some reason , the idea of the energy passing to someone besides Haven troubled Dormer deeply .
tr	PAST	They severed instantly , the tension sending the ropes pinging violently backward across the ravine .
tr	PRES	' Shoot me , you pig ! '
tr	PAST	' I don 't know what to say , ' she uttered .
tr	PAST	I shuffled backward , uncaring if they heard me now .
tr	PRES	" You motherfucker ! "
tr	PRES	Before he even hangs up the telephone , Andrew whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	I crane my head up and , through my watery eyes , I can see her pressed against the glass .
tr	PAST	He silently thanked his third grade gym teacher .
tr	PAST	Cautiously , as though approaching a lost and frightened kitten , Steve advanced a couple of steps .
tr	PAST	An IED exploded in Nate 's chest and he stopped breathing .
tr	PAST	She braced herself against the stares and chatter , and stood in silence , waiting for her parents to speak .
tr	PRES	She holds it out to him , but he doesn 't take it .
tr	PAST	Mist and pink matter sprayed briefly from his black hair before his body collapsed to the concrete floor .
tr	PAST	The word boomed through the store .
tr	PRES	From behind me , Isaiah wraps his arms around my waist , engulfing me in the warmth and strength of his body .
tr	PAST	Deliberately he deepened the passionate caress .
tr	PRES	No mirrors in my immediate vicinity . "
tr	PRES	Source matches last known location of Iris . "
tr	PAST	Julian exploded , his voice cracking with heavy emotion as he clutched the bracelet .
tr	PRES	We assume that they were after Kiran and Kiran alone ; you , unfortunately for your attackers , were there to teach them a lesson . "
tr	PAST	" I 'll go , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Gabrielle split off and took the other side of the street while Kat stepped out of the way of a bicycle .
tr	PAST	I teleported myself into my parked car that was located back of the dorm parking lot .
tr	PRES	' Ah , ' his voice clears .
tr	PAST	She prayed with all her might that it was Carlos who 'd been hit .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it on the floor .
tr	PRES	" I said I 'll be fine , " I shout .
tr	PAST	She toyed with her hair .
tr	PRES	He offers me a smile but it doesn 't quite reach his eyes .
tr	PRES	The voice whispers again .
tr	PRES	Cas stands , knocking a cup off the table and sending it to the floor with a loud clatter .
tr	PRES	Andy slides a mug of coffee toward me .
tr	PAST	Kingsley 's father identified the body ; she was allowed to forget , and move on .
tr	PRES	" No she isn 't , Dare .
tr	PAST	Dean scooted closer to Evy to change the subject as his cell vibrated two times in his pocket , signaling an incoming text message .
tr	PRES	... I belong to you .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around her waist , but she doesn 't push me away .
tr	PRES	I sputter in pure outrage .
tr	PRES	' Was Doctor Olsson treating you for anything serious ? '
tr	PRES	" I did so want to see everyone , " she murmurs .
tr	PAST	Typically , Sampson swooped in with a flurry of calls to attention , flags presented , and other ceremony .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ?
tr	PAST	So , I charged at them with my axes held at my sides .
tr	PAST	" You enquired where they might have obtained the watch ? "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as I kicked towards the boats , coming into view of the other swimmers .
tr	PRES	The console holds one big round circle , green colored .
tr	PAST	I trusted her Chloë .
tr	PAST	Nicole tipped her forehead to the staircase .
tr	PRES	I just didn 't want to ... " " Shh . "
tr	PRES	" Ah ... " " Fine , suit yourself , " she snapped , walking quickly as if she couldn 't get away from me fast enough .
tr	PRES	Then , I wash the rest of the makeup off my face .
tr	PRES	" As you belong to me . "
tr	PRES	I approve of almost everything he did .
tr	PAST	Her breath rasped through the tubes .
tr	PRES	And the salmon puffs .
tr	PAST	She hopped in her Jaguar and hoped Lois would be willing to come to the pits of Detroit with her .
tr	PRES	Neither of them even notices Grady at first .
tr	PRES	He throws a chip back at me , and it bounces off my cheek .
tr	PRES	" There , he likes it .
tr	PAST	The bouncer glared , but extended his fist to the door he protected .
tr	PRES	Cooper whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head when she reached the base of the stairs and heard the sound of voices echoing through the great hall .
tr	PRES	He presses into a dry smile .
tr	PRES	" Are you suggesting ... ?
tr	PRES	She tends to gulp banana , without chewing it " Without chewing . "
tr	PRES	The radio was playing one of Sally 's favorites , the exuberant yet seductive " Quando , Quando , Quando ? "
tr	PAST	Khanh wept , but May did not feel sorry for her .
tr	PRES	" Can you humor me ?
tr	PAST	He mumbled , clearly struggling to keep his control .
tr	PAST	" Warrior , " Delilah squealed in joy .
tr	PAST	" One of those hideous straw affairs with little flowers on them . "
tr	PAST	At the last instant , the dragon extended her vast pinions and settled into the farmyard , still belching fire and smoke .
tr	PAST	" What about you , Spook ? "
tr	PRES	Better yet , rate this book and post your thoughts on Goodreads , Facebook , and Twitter .
tr	PAST	" So he orchestrated the first round of the Atlanta Child murders . "
tr	PRES	One man carries a sign that reads SHOW US YOUR TITS , LOVE , like that 's the only part of my past that matters .
tr	PRES	The man outside begins to creep towards the restaurant ; searching the car park simultaneously .
tr	PAST	Silky curls glided over his bare skin and he moaned .
tr	PRES	" We do , " Jeremy murmurs .
tr	PAST	" Jace lied to us .
tr	PRES	York forgave Kali for choosing the garden pizza but drew the line at extra olives .
tr	PAST	I exhaled slowly and turned to watch as well .
tr	PAST	I doubted I could have slept in the same bed with him , but sex ... sex had seemed like a good idea in that moment .
tr	PRES	" What business brings you ? "
tr	PRES	Uriel signals for us to be quiet .
tr	PRES	Should I lease a plane or a jet ? "
tr	PAST	Probably designed to lead it back to the ship eventually .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over me .
tr	PRES	This explains a lot .
tr	PAST	" Yes sir , " the general exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Another gust of wind screeched up from the canyon .
tr	PRES	I chalked it up to her getting on in years and her eyesight not being what it once was .
tr	PAST	He untied one and pushed it into the water , and held it steady while I clambered in .
tr	PRES	He carries too much cash to fit it in a billfold .
tr	PAST	" Because my supplier 's out of them , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened at his harsh words but she suppressed the anger , knowing it wouldn 't help her argument .
tr	PRES	The door opens , seeing the throng of citizens which has grown .
tr	PAST	I caved and searched for the saying on my smartphone .
tr	PAST	She swiped out with her hand and yanked the ski mask off the man who 'd held her .
tr	PRES	Jason snaps his pistol toward the voice .
tr	PRES	" If a man has to do something dangerous , " he said later , ' it helps to be angry .
tr	PRES	Selling them helps farmers make ends meet .
tr	PAST	His face split into a grin that made my heart soar .
tr	PRES	Cody whispered , looking over at me , speculative .
tr	PRES	Froth drips down their lips and chests , looking like sea foam , hiding the teeth that will tear into men later .
tr	PAST	' Shut up , ' Reid grunted grimly .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat a few times and then gets to his feet , grabbing a pair of jeans from his bag .
tr	PAST	Without the muffling effect of that skin , her teeth produced a loud click as she hungrily chomped at the air .
tr	PRES	" Go wash your hands .
tr	PRES	" Trevor wears a key around his neck and always shows it off to me like it 's something I 'd want . "
tr	PAST	" What other kinds of power ? "
tr	PRES	I freeze up , wondering what she 's doing .
tr	PRES	" And apparently Solas recognizes someone . "
tr	PRES	Thank you , she mouths .
tr	PRES	" I assume a former queen passed this law ? "
tr	PRES	Rain begins to fall from the sky in torrents .
tr	PAST	Giants with only a single eye centered on their foreheads wielded clubs , growling and fighting amongst themselves .
tr	PAST	Fighting the urge to kick the wall in anger , Aria fisted her hands and spun back around .
tr	PAST	I dove back down and grabbed her forearm .
tr	PRES	" How vile of you to do this to my brother . "
tr	PRES	Her hands went to his back , her nails slightly raking the hard flesh .
tr	PRES	Michael stops and I feel his hands on my face .
tr	PAST	A soft breeze caressed her and tossed a long lock of her hair across her eyes .
tr	PAST	She unzipped her black leather purse , reached inside and pulled out a long , old fashioned metal key .
tr	PRES	The redhead glances up from the screen at last .
tr	PAST	I dialed down my disappointment .
tr	PAST	With a sigh , I trudged along obediently behind Bobbi with far less enthusiasm than she had .
tr	PRES	A shadow passes through the light streaming in the stable bay doors .
tr	PRES	She frowned , her lashes fluttering .
tr	PRES	Tim yawns , and Patsy snuggles more comfortably onto his chest , grabbing a handful of shirt .
tr	PRES	Jackson helps Alex out and hands him the pillow with our rings on it and gives him a little push towards us .
tr	PRES	" It really bothers me . "
tr	PAST	Embarrassed at her nakedness all of a sudden , she groped for the covers she 'd kicked to the bottom of the mattress a lifetime ago .
tr	PAST	The world slowed to the quiet trickle of an autumn stream .
tr	PRES	Eventually , the water returns as rain which collects and travels downhill as rivers which can be used to turn turbines to create electricity .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , Lake .
tr	PAST	He shuffled so his toes were on either side of her feet , their bodies as close as possible without touching .
tr	PAST	Cloud stomped up and down in front of Lee .
tr	PRES	She stops in the doorway and points at me sitting on the floor .
tr	PAST	Tristan deliberately inches to the side , placing himself between Trace and me .
tr	PAST	Alexander untied Ben 's gag , allowing Ben the opportunity to speak .
tr	PAST	Behind them shuffled a pair of caretakers .
tr	PRES	I wipe them away as quickly as I can .
tr	PAST	" I can carry that outside if you 'd like , " Anne Marie volunteered .
tr	PAST	" My armor protected me . "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the sound of arrows ceased .
tr	PRES	' Really , really early . '
tr	PAST	A sense of calm washed over me as I realized every word was true .
tr	PAST	I soaked bandages and laid them in strips ' cross the mass of wounds , trying to pull out anything sick and deep in there .
tr	PAST	Suddenly her body stiffened and her arms tightened .
tr	PRES	The canoe tends to shift back and forwards , banging a pair of heads at random intervals .
tr	PAST	She sensed aching love , so strong that nothing could ever come between them , not even death .
tr	PRES	" Plastic explosive ? "
tr	PAST	The golden bands they wore on their wrists glowed in unison for a moment .
tr	PRES	Mason points at him .
tr	PRES	He reaches a hand toward me .
tr	PRES	Worth the coin , even when you 're not protecting a princess from a rival kingdom . "
tr	PAST	As the crowd dispersed , Devlin limped out to the center of the ring .
tr	PAST	The alarm buzzed , and she moved to the panel to disengage it .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains why we had never heard of Preston Straker . "
tr	PAST	She nuzzled back in her blankets and kissed Rachel on the forehead .
tr	PAST	He regarded her a moment longer before extending a hand to her .
tr	PAST	Zeus didn 't understand the command and tilted his head , ears pricked .
tr	PRES	I represent the Dolan Children 's Fund . "
tr	PRES	He uses a strip of adhesive tape , sticky side out .
tr	PAST	You abandoned them , choosing to save yourself rather than to stay and issue a warning . "
tr	PAST	Grace urged after a moment .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PAST	Chuck finally motioned , pulled the holder out of the plate , and shook his head in disbelief .
tr	PRES	The road disappears for twelve feet or more , except for girders exposed by the blast and a few thin walkways of unsupported concrete .
tr	PRES	" Sit down , buddy , " he said , his tone oddly quiet .
tr	PAST	Calliope lingered nearby , looking as excited as I felt .
tr	PAST	A braid of cord made from blonde hair belted his tabard at the waist .
tr	PRES	' Aunt Doris ? '
tr	PAST	At the same moment , the Sea of Boston exited from hyperspace not far from the flagship .
tr	PAST	Unable to keep my feet still , I twirled around again .
tr	PAST	She produced a handful of black , gauzy material .
tr	PRES	From somewhere in my desolate abyss a woman 's voice whispers to me .
tr	PRES	Mary winks at him and tells him to move on .
tr	PRES	He points his flashlight at the ceiling and looks up .
tr	PRES	" He tries to sleep in my bed , but I don 't usually let him .
tr	PRES	Before he got hauled off to the pen . "
tr	PRES	" Good morning Mrs. Vatican . "
tr	PAST	I slowed to a walk .
tr	PRES	" Which way to the Coffin Club ? "
tr	PAST	She visited a friend in Decatur .
tr	PRES	Relentless , ruthlessly demanding , slicing through any prevarication .
tr	PAST	Melisa propped herself up on an elbow , facing me .
tr	PRES	His arm slides out from my knees to grip my side , scorching my bare skin .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , you little mutant . "
tr	PAST	Kylie motioned to the door .
tr	PAST	All day it blotted out any chance of sunshine and hid the mountain range in sheets of silvery rain and a shroud of thick fog .
tr	PAST	When he stood up , the kids in the wings fled , and went back to whatever they were supposed to be doing in the first place .
tr	PRES	It no longer applies .
tr	PRES	" Danielle , this is a bad one , " Snow Flower states .
tr	PAST	Several minutes later , the groom named Whitfield reappears with Minerva .
tr	PAST	I freaked for a second and just needed a minute to gather myself .
tr	PRES	" It is alright Elizabeth , " Emma whispers as she places her arms around the fragile girl .
tr	PAST	The thought of her feet in those wet shoes bothered Ken .
tr	PAST	He cringed at the feeling , at the sensation of thick and strange fluids moving beneath his foot .
tr	PAST	The platoon divided and rushed up the stairwells .
tr	PRES	He brings it back up right away .
tr	PAST	He sniffed with indignation .
tr	PAST	Don 't mess with us , " he joked .
tr	PRES	" Camila , can you give Fila any hints about how to handle a constant flow of customers ? "
tr	PAST	Muted beams of light caressed his hand , illuminating a large sapphire ring on one of the fingers clutched around a glass of Scotch .
tr	PAST	He preferred hunting , but he was a fisherman by birth .
tr	PAST	His brief look of confusion transformed into a knowing smile as she answered his question with a nod .
tr	PRES	" Claire misses you .
tr	PRES	I regard with fascination how James tends to flowers and plants seemingly with great care and attention .
tr	PRES	You 've seen the news , I assume . "
tr	PRES	" Take me , " she begged as she opened herself to him and wrapped her arms and legs around him .
tr	PRES	I grumble , thinking that this guest better be awesome enough for my sleep interruption .
tr	PRES	" She trusts no one .
tr	PAST	I 'll have Jensen honk when we get there , " I joked .
tr	PRES	" It helps with the restless energy when I 'm deliberating something . "
tr	PRES	Corinne 's light shone from the inside out .
tr	PRES	To the north and west lies the cold and grey Sea .
tr	PAST	They served in Malaya together and Borneo .
tr	PAST	Regina petted her sleek hair and tucked a non-existent stray strand behind her air .
tr	PRES	" It doesn 't matter now , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	He glances back into the empty car park .
tr	PRES	" I hope those bastards eat you , Cronus , " mumbled Bloom , as he started up the tree again .
tr	PRES	She flashes him a warm smile .
tr	PRES	Two and Three await Four , yearning to feel warmth again .
tr	PRES	" You ok Z ? "
tr	PAST	First he and his staff collected any unbroken mugs and glasses .
tr	PRES	" Such a fighter . "
tr	PRES	" Just spit it out , Ridley . "
tr	PRES	" You don 't understand , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	The audience mumbled something back , and Chet appeared satisfied .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the door handle .
tr	PRES	This higher rate protects the manufacturing industry .
tr	PAST	Fish leaped and fell back .
tr	PRES	You and that brat .
tr	PRES	For therein lies the greatest blow that life has dealt -- death . "
tr	PRES	After getting dressed , I drag myself downstairs , finding nothing but empty silence .
tr	PAST	She fetched her coin purse and went back to the common room .
tr	PRES	" A showdown tends to imply a duel of some sort , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	Gwyn Oliphant , XXXV , scribbled rapidly in his legal notepad , a carryover from his days as an intern with Percival Oliphant , Attorney at Law .
tr	PRES	So he deserves to have something come out at him .
tr	PAST	Spencer clutched the phone with both hands .
tr	PAST	Ashleigh flicked over a page of The Advertiser .
tr	PAST	" Everything will be ready upon your return , " he stated , then bowed and left .
tr	PAST	Alicia eyed the window with trembling understanding .
tr	PRES	Every day he visits Scotland Yard , asking if a body has been found . "
tr	PAST	He cocked a smile like he owned the place .
tr	PAST	Violet ribbons floated gracefully in a sea of shimmering water .
tr	PAST	Kathleen nuzzled beneath his chin with one last purr of contentment .
tr	PAST	Quilted nylon shell , stuffed with down .
tr	PRES	I HAVE MORE INFORMATION FOR YOU .
tr	PAST	It named the evil , though I cannot pronounce it in writing .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and gives up , wrapping his arms back around me .
tr	PRES	Then she learns that bodyguards and witches can also be mates .
tr	PAST	Lucas 's eyebrows raised so high , they practically merged with his hairline .
tr	PRES	Then , another body shimmers into existence , this time it wears bloodied shreds of white with remnants of meat and bone within them .
tr	PRES	But just knowing someone else is in your space , no matter how isolated they are by conditions , destroys one 's sense of solitude .
tr	PAST	In the wake of Lilly 's death , life ceased to be enjoyable .
tr	PRES	" A diamond heist . "
tr	PRES	He stops midway on the stairs and looks back up at me in the doorway .
tr	PRES	As soon as the wheels stopped rolling , the driver flung himself off the coach , splattering mud halfway up his boots .
tr	PAST	The muscle tensed under my fingers .
tr	PAST	She whipped her head toward the doctor and nearly spoke .
tr	PAST	The wheels bounced once , and the aircraft touched down .
tr	PAST	Picking up her glass , she swirled the red liquid in the glass as she 'd seen wine connoisseurs do on television .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked to the nodding boys and she mimicked their movements .
tr	PAST	George touches the wall behind him for stability .
tr	PAST	He slowly inched onto the bridge .
tr	PAST	Blue nuzzled me and licked my face .
tr	PAST	His spine crawled again in that all-too-familiar chilling way .
tr	PAST	She rinsed out her bowl and turned from the sink to ask , " So what 's the plan ? "
tr	PRES	Upstairs the fake Ambassador was talking to his captives whilst destroying the CCTV cameras .
tr	PAST	One of the most feared predators in all of Chicago .
tr	PRES	She glares at me , but her lips itch to turn upward .
tr	PAST	He solved that problem by cleared out the rest of her stuff from the office and set up a small bed in there .
tr	PRES	" Do not push me , caster .
tr	PAST	She stifled an impulse to lecture him on his sloppy demeanor .
tr	PRES	" That bitch Sakura . "
tr	PAST	Hamish received a stinging slap .
tr	PAST	" One ship to fight is far better than four , Mr. Greene , " the Captain reassured him .
tr	PRES	Noticing my reaction , Evie 's body stills .
tr	PAST	a woman squealed behind them and ran through the aisle of toys , dragging a little boy behind her .
tr	PAST	She hopped closer , stepped down on one pant leg , and lost her balance ; her ankle twisted .
tr	PAST	He stiffened at the touch but didn 't say anything as she headed for the far side of the room .
tr	PRES	Janelle lets my arm go and trusts me to follow her as we near a door .
tr	PRES	My mistakes and your dad 's , that doesn 't -- " " Ma ! "
tr	PRES	After the last of the dipped bread I race for the door .
tr	PRES	Rising , he helps me up .
tr	PAST	Barton withdrew the weapon that Jean had given him .
tr	PRES	Soon they arrive , pulling around to the top of the island , putting the boat into a small inlet on an empty beach .
tr	PAST	" Me , too , " Ethan chimed in .
tr	PRES	She clutches at the pendant around her neck .
tr	PRES	To promise forever opens the relationship to Severance .
tr	PAST	My face was burning , my body still charged with the kiss and the thought of where it might have led .
tr	PAST	A smile curved her lips .
tr	PAST	" I wasn 't worried , " Cassie lied .
tr	PAST	The bike 's tires screeched on the pavement and there was an acrid smell of hot tires smoking on the ground .
tr	PRES	" Your mother was kind enough to slip an isotope into your drink at your last meeting , " the thug explains with a smile .
tr	PRES	For some reason he couldn " t understand the woman was obviously buzzed Farnham persisted .
tr	PAST	She sped up to a comfortable six miles an hour .
tr	PRES	This allows the organization to continue operating , which benefits the government , meaning they don 't have to take over full responsibility .
tr	PAST	If his heart was gone , completely destroyed the way he thinks , then this wouldn 't bother him at all .
tr	PAST	So when I chose your father , they stripped me of my powers and bound me to earth .
tr	PAST	She touches her hair in hesitation .
tr	PRES	" And a bath ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged self-consciously at his T-shirt , making sure it covered as much of her as possible as he led her into the living room .
tr	PAST	Then he emerged from the back room as the girl picked up a brown paper bag .
tr	PAST	Laughing softly , she hooked an elbow out the window , her blond hair streaking across her face .
tr	PRES	Not for us , Ruby Child .
tr	PAST	My mind seized on the idea .
tr	PAST	Then you stormed out . "
tr	PAST	She busted into laughter .
tr	PAST	The snow mingled with hard ice barely served to cushion my blow as both my breath and a puff of snow exited into the air .
tr	PAST	He crumpled the beer can in his hand .
tr	PRES	No one bothers to come out and play with her .
tr	PRES	He offers it to me .
tr	PRES	" Are you kidding me right now , Zane ?
tr	PRES	He wraps both of his arms around me in an attempt to keep me warm when he feels me shiver against his chest .
tr	PAST	His heart stuttered in his chest then sped up painfully , and he waved at her with a big smile .
tr	PAST	The general secretary intervened : " These matters concern all of us .
tr	PAST	" One minute left , " Remy announced holding one finger in the air .
tr	PRES	" The Bella Nicola ? "
tr	PRES	Father never wanted to protect them , he hates them .
tr	PRES	I drag myself back to the moment , deciding to worry about his culpability later .
tr	PAST	Reece marveled at the energy and strength the horse possessed .
tr	PRES	" What about the Welsh woman ?
tr	PAST	Nick froze at the sound that usually heralded him getting into trouble .
tr	PRES	" What , are we twelve ? "
tr	PRES	He loves being free to spend months at a time in Africa .
tr	PRES	The rig suddenly speeds up once more and the alarms intensify yet again .
tr	PRES	Phil opens the door and marches in .
tr	PAST	He chased me into the room and I squealed as he tackled me to the bed .
tr	PRES	" I assume they did not tell you that the prohibition extends to the taking of blood .
tr	PAST	I blamed it on the romance novels .
tr	PAST	Simon exclaimed , lying prone on top of me and staring angrily after the mysterious rider .
tr	PRES	" Ever hunt buffalo ? "
tr	PAST	I soaked a wash cloth in cold water and held it , dripping , over my face .
tr	PAST	" And you stated so publicly ? "
tr	PAST	Then he hopped the fence , crouching in the corner of the neighbor 's yard to watch and listen .
tr	PRES	" That sounds like I 'm a trophy or something , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Rhona slapped her hand over her mouth to keep her laughter in .
tr	PRES	Two green and one red light shone from either end of the long expanse of flat tarmac .
tr	PAST	When he said nothing , my heart skipped .
tr	PRES	To my Mensa Writing Group , especially Ruth , Tom , Lynn , and Ken , who provide valuable commentary on my projects .
tr	PRES	" The Program considers some returners , and others like me , beyond help .
tr	PRES	" Right , Rat 101 - " " Rat 101 ? "
tr	PRES	" Zoey loves Brandon .
tr	PAST	She seized her suit .
tr	PRES	She points at my dirty clothes and matted hair .
tr	PAST	" I 'm hurt , " he teased , running the back of his large hand along her warm cheek .
tr	PRES	" If you curtsy , I 'll have your head chopped off , " I teased back .
tr	PAST	Stone exited the limousine first then he held out his hand and helped her down .
tr	PRES	Comes in useful on Renaissance . "
tr	PRES	She holds her hands out .
tr	PAST	The sports car bounced , slid off the shoulder of the road and the tires rolled in the thick mud .
tr	PRES	Serena frowns , then brings forward more scales to cover the wounds , hiding them from her former orphanage friend .
tr	PRES	His eyes slowly fel on where my fingers touched his skin , and then closed .
tr	PRES	" I haven 't got time for this crap , " she snaps at me .
tr	PAST	Sweat dripped over my brow and into my eyes , I swiped it away .
tr	PRES	She points to a small silver table near me against the wall that looks like an examination table from a veterinarian clinic .
tr	PAST	The concern darkening his eyes and straining his face tugged at something deep inside her .
tr	PAST	I can 't understand unless you try to talk to me , " she urged .
tr	PRES	' Sugar and spice wears everything nice . '
tr	PRES	I buck my body but the assailants tighten their grip .
tr	PAST	Bones chased him , drawing several knives from his sleeves .
tr	PRES	The sofa emitted a muffled rumble .
tr	PRES	" Everything tastes better when there 's nakedness involved . "
tr	PAST	She cringed at his adamant tone .
tr	PAST	The spell required no words or physical components and only the slightest of hand movements .
tr	PAST	It unleashed a long-buried dream that he knew better than to have .
tr	PAST	He withdrew from her , almost all the way out , before sinking back in and groaning at the bliss .
tr	PAST	Some situations you had to get exactly right ... A finger pointed at the Dean .
tr	PAST	They reflected the headlights from the truck .
tr	PRES	Nicole frowns at me and finally allows a smile to soften her face .
tr	PRES	" Emergency Beacon Activated , " a dispassionate electronic male voice states .
tr	PRES	Dex 's light shone inside but revealed nothing except green dust particles floating in the blackness .
tr	PAST	I advanced , standing tall over him and blocking his escape .
tr	PRES	" A telegram ? "
tr	PRES	And the more heated our kiss gets , the higher his palm slides up , until finally he 's cupping my ass .
tr	PRES	I scoff at that .
tr	PAST	Chase jolted his head around to the source of the sound , alarmed .
tr	PRES	Xavier bursts through the crowd that has gathered away from the trap and runs toward Zia , eyes swirling black .
tr	PAST	Dipping a bit of cloth in a bucket , she washed the blood from his neck and shoulder .
tr	PAST	This time she extended all her fingers and held her hand palm up , like a shelf .
tr	PAST	As if a floodgate had been opened somewhere inside her , emotions churned , fast and furious throughout her system .
tr	PRES	" No birthday parties ? "
tr	PRES	Savannah blushes and turns towards me .
tr	PAST	The drive circled so she didn 't have to back up or maneuver .
tr	PAST	After returning he washed his hands and face in the cold-water sink .
tr	PAST	The tragedy resulted in three deaths and Sunny was issued a life-long ban upon leaving the country .
tr	PRES	" If it isn 't the young martyr himself .
tr	PRES	My entire body fills with grief because Wes and Coop are both bottling up their rage just like Jax , and it 's all my fault .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to notice .
tr	PRES	I fel , landing on the wet cement of the al ey .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	A source inside the Coroner 's Office reported this is the seventh murder of its kind .
tr	PAST	A library walled with leather-bound volumes that smelled absolutely antique .
tr	PRES	He stops mid stride .
tr	PAST	Skylar meandered into the room .
tr	PRES	" Shane , take us to the dance floor , " Lisa begged .
tr	PAST	In general , the professor produced a bad impression on the girl , although she was probably influenced by knowing what really was going backstage .
tr	PRES	I chart the passing events , facts of the day .
tr	PRES	He holds up two fingers when I say root beer .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume there 's a giant shopping mall with the best products at the lowest prices , but it is in the middle of nowhere .
tr	PAST	It floated just above the surface behind me .
tr	PRES	She touches my right hand again .
tr	PRES	The cold helps , but you might want a dab of this just the same . "
tr	PAST	" Howdy , " Bax announced as they closed the short distance to the glow .
tr	PAST	A long-haired boy strummed a Beatles song near a coffee kiosk .
tr	PAST	When nothing happened , he crouched in front of it and pulled open the flaps .
tr	PRES	Dani mutters something under her breath , but follows at last .
tr	PAST	I speculated that perhaps that was part of his psychic gift and he clearly has one .
tr	PRES	" Every witch learns throughout her lifetime . "
tr	PAST	I lied there staring at the ceiling , letting my mind wander and terrorize me .
tr	PRES	He lets out a sigh as his hands find my h * ps beneath the blanket .
tr	PRES	So , dramatic license strikes again !
tr	PRES	Then he suddenly slams his head against the table .
tr	PRES	And he never lets us in on any juicy details either . "
tr	PRES	" Not with the lectures again . "
tr	PAST	An ancient , mythical land that was supposedly more advanced than the rest of the world or something . "
tr	PRES	Actually Nichiren Buddhism uses various explanations , but one of its most interesting principles is the Ten Worlds .
tr	PAST	A final problem tugged her with worries about long-term happiness .
tr	PRES	A noise reached her ears and her eyes jerked open , her knuckles white against the flashlight .
tr	PAST	He sniffed her butt .
tr	PRES	He stops talking to the girl and turns to Baldwin .
tr	PRES	He lets the car idle with the radio playing softly as his fingers pinch the bridge of his nose .
tr	PRES	" But Tyler , I can help you , " I begged .
tr	PAST	She walked down the street with a businesslike step , hands clasped to keep the nervousness out of her posture .
tr	PRES	He grinned and pushed himself off the red hood and gracefully sauntered over to where I stood , my jaw resting on the pavement .
tr	PRES	But after all you ' ve done for his family .
tr	PRES	" I said I was sorry , " Spencer mumbled .
tr	PAST	I saluted him and rolled my eyes .
tr	PRES	He stands up from the bed and leads me to the bed and makes me sit like a puppy .
tr	PRES	Brick mumbled his response before falling flat on his back twenty feet from his bald peer .
tr	PAST	Feet planted , Boyle hooked his thumbs in his front pockets .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the position of his headset and microphone .
tr	PAST	Patrick slapped William 's back a couple of times .
tr	PAST	We secured the boat and went inside .
tr	PAST	Even when you got divorced , I never doubted you both loved me and wanted me to have the best .
tr	PAST	What had she done wrong , she sobbed .
tr	PAST	Lime stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	Calvin sniffed and sure enough smelt tea .
tr	PAST	As I moved closer , I squinted and covered my nose and mouth with my arm to keep the smoke from hitting me full force .
tr	PAST	He clutched at my hand and gripped it tightly .
tr	PRES	" Do you mind if I ask ... I mean , you don 't have to go into it ... " I fumble .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 6 March wears a uniform well , even when he 's wishing me to perdition .
tr	PRES	What if he never tries again ? "
tr	PRES	One kingdom still remains under their power , and we have every reason to believe that it will , in short order , fall as well .
tr	PAST	Kiel accordingly destroyed the centipede hole passages leading to horrors best left undisturbed .
tr	PAST	Andrea exhaled in relief .
tr	PRES	" A pleasure , " he purred , dipping his head in greeting .
tr	PAST	He squinted at her .
tr	PRES	" Simon ignoring you , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh gawd , tel me you didn 't let Del a cook him . "
tr	PRES	Jon and I will stay here and continue to watch what is happening over there , " Pierre states as he continues to survey the enemy encampments .
tr	PRES	My pack likes to live in the open without fear of being approached by others .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , watching the puff of air hover and disappear .
tr	PAST	He exclaimed something that she couldn 't hear and his head fell back in laughter .
tr	PRES	Says that 's why Adele thinks you 're not hers . "
tr	PAST	Since Kathleen was adamant that it would be safer if Annie attended the ball as another servant , the question of what she would wear arose .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands in a warm greeting , as if I should know him , and he bumps his chest gently against mine .
tr	PRES	My blood kills the parasites .
tr	PRES	He begins in the dining room .
tr	PAST	" Ah , Lizzy ... " Selma screeched when their feet left the ground .
tr	PAST	He exhaled some smoke out of the side of his mouth and said , " A lot better than you .
tr	PAST	Hearing it stated that bluntly didn 't sit well with Laura .
tr	PAST	I regained my footing and leaped over the last few steps and on to the ground floor .
tr	PRES	( But her name was Esme .
tr	PRES	It helps me relax .
tr	PAST	Yet the two competing emotions churned inside him as he got behind the wheel of his rental car Friday night .
tr	PAST	Best ever , " he stuffed the bite of food into his mouth .
tr	PRES	' Because he 's got so many bloody lies to confess to before he can actually tell the truth . '
tr	PAST	" I 'm cooking tomorrow night , " Mom announced when I got home Thursday .
tr	PRES	" I crushed it while he watched , appalled that I 'd destroy something that unique and expensive .
tr	PAST	Mira pretended to dig in the pocket of her jeans and came up with an empty palm .
tr	PRES	The expression on his face causes me to back away , falling into Izzy .
tr	PRES	" But where 's your proof ?
tr	PAST	Soon , the scraping noises subsided and though they were flying blind , Rei knew they were in clear air .
tr	PRES	Don 't hide in the shadows , you prick .
tr	PRES	Quickly now , every man armed himself .
tr	PRES	Thinking of her request that we take things slow and do this the normal way , I settle for across .
tr	PRES	" The screwdriver ? "
tr	PRES	And that 's when she snapped , " Gods ... you idiot . "
tr	PRES	He glances over to Stephan and my father .
tr	PRES	It carries no more threat than a child hiding in the garden .
tr	PRES	" Actually , captain , I feel inexplicably cheerful .
tr	PAST	" I 'm intrigued , " Blake uttered .
tr	PRES	" I value Augustus tremendously , but he should learn some restraint . "
tr	PAST	My men almost revolted until I told them the sheep came with their own shepherd . "
tr	PRES	I permit the tip of my tongue to barely brush his lower lip .
tr	PAST	Jesus , the way I treated you ... " He exhaled loudly .
tr	PRES	He holds out his right arm for me to use and says , " Why don 't you let me collect blood samples from the other guys .
tr	PRES	An elderly woman talks to a priest for a while .
tr	PRES	' All departments to attend .
tr	PAST	His fingers once again glided over the strings , producing a soft ballad .
tr	PAST	Albert sensed frustration , but kept his thoughts inside .
tr	PRES	I assume he 's who you 're staying with ? "
tr	PAST	The sea drake emerged from her lair and cocked her head , to stare at the boy she once knew .
tr	PRES	" This is Uriel and he ´ s not a demon , " I reassure them .
tr	PAST	" Well , someone has to take charge of the place , " Iris exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Jackson pushes the engine to its limits .
tr	PAST	It floated in the smallest of the small and the largest of the large .
tr	PAST	Flare shuffled his feet .
tr	PRES	I value you as a friend too . "
tr	PRES	Can I borrow something ? "
tr	PRES	It shone in her eyes more brightly than the sun .
tr	PRES	The words on my phone threaten to burn my hand , so I drop the wretched phone and take a swig of wine .
tr	PAST	Then came a splash and thud as the horse alighted on the far side ; and then nothing but wind and starlight again .
tr	PRES	Or vice versa . "
tr	PAST	While Faraday 's genius lay in discovery by experiment , Maxwell produced even greater theoretical breakthroughs .
tr	PRES	This explains why I didn 't find Evelyn 's computer or that damn camera at Poole 's house this morning . "
tr	PAST	And it saddened her .
tr	PRES	" I 'll keep the earpiece in , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Rain hammered the grass into submission , collected in brown puddles at the slightest indentation in the ground .
tr	PAST	I stopped and turned toward the guards and Jonas between them , his stern eyes zeroed in on me .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , long and slow , as if weighed down by an invisible force .
tr	PRES	" Is this you , sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PAST	I joked , raising an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Razor chattered on his shoulder , only his eyes and neon grin visible in the gloom .
tr	PAST	You blamed him for taking your father from you . "
tr	PAST	Trees and fields emerged from the earth .
tr	PRES	" But your medication ... " Maggie started and I shook my head .
tr	PRES	" And when he finds the ... uh , correct configuration ?
tr	PRES	Kieran periodically returns home to Earth to recruit new minions .
tr	PRES	I 'll try not to tell anyone you said that , " he teased .
tr	PRES	It disturbed me in ways I do not yet understand . "
tr	PAST	She trusted the man , damn him .
tr	PRES	He tries to focus his attention back onto the task of getting down in the first place .
tr	PAST	For this , I trusted him implicitly .
tr	PAST	The pickpocket was stretched out above , arms and legs split wide to anchor himself in what appeared to be an almost impossible ascent .
tr	PRES	Love weaves itself from hundreds of threads .
tr	PRES	Roland was throwing anxious glances our way .
tr	PRES	As soon as his finger hits the enter button , a portion of the wall slides down and disappears into the floor revealing a white corridor .
tr	PAST	If no sudden movement appeared on this one , I doubted any guard would notice .
tr	PRES	I chew on my bottom lip .
tr	PRES	She tries to lift it onto her lap , but it 's stiff , stuck to the ground .
tr	PAST	A Stone path emerged near the gate , as though the stones had pushed through the earth just for this house .
tr	PRES	" You silly girl !
tr	PRES	Somebody tries something like that again , we start breaking bones . "
tr	PAST	Grabbing Alexia by the hand , she attempted to pul her friend up and out of the room .
tr	PRES	" The master sees his grandmother several times a week .
tr	PAST	I frown , shaking my curls , slapping the shovel into the dirt .
tr	PAST	A quick downward snapshot revealed nothing too out of place with his shirt and tie .
tr	PRES	Somebody talks about adrenalin , and I 'm here , right here -- Walter at the easel , Caroline doing a jigsaw .
tr	PAST	Nate joked and kissed the top of my head .
tr	PRES	Dropping in unexpectedly , bringing only presents , and a ho , ho , ho .
tr	PAST	I eyed my boss , gauging his reaction .
tr	PAST	The feathers almost curved to the side , creating a colorful spiral of feathers thinning out to the end -- where another feature made Julio swallow .
tr	PRES	Mason points and blinks at the same time , giving a loud " Aha ! "
tr	PAST	Off they go - to be chemically treated , then dumped into space .
tr	PRES	He simply stands there .
tr	PRES	He talks too much . "
tr	PRES	Rook never talks about his family .
tr	PRES	She explains that they tried to call him and looked around for a good hour before calling it a night and leaving him there .
tr	PAST	Another teensy part pricked her pride because he 'd assumed she would do something foolish .
tr	PAST	Then they fetched a stretcher and slid it underneath the boy , and moved him into a treatment room .
tr	PAST	No one chased after her .
tr	PAST	No placard announced its presence , only a small sign that beckoned visitors with a promise written in Cyrillic of exciting entertainment .
tr	PRES	Maybe that 's why you 've resented him , ' cos he was Victor 's son . "
tr	PAST	Cameron crawled into bed , turned the light off , holding one of the extra pillows , wishing he were holding Laura , but he was smiling .
tr	PRES	" To your lies ?
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	" About tomorrow ... " The elevator doors glided open , stilling her words .
tr	PRES	" No one deserves that . "
tr	PAST	He attempted to push out of the chair , but Kenny held down his shoulders .
tr	PRES	JJ lets a defenseman get past him .
tr	PRES	Derek reaches out to Julian , but my nephew ducks out of his reach and runs upstairs .
tr	PRES	The holiday experiences that -- until now -- had been the only things he was permitted to create , were unfocused and made with a blunt tool .
tr	PRES	She wraps her hands around my shoulders , pulling me to her and whispering into my ear sternly , " Just follow my lead .
tr	PAST	His tongue swirled around her earlobe , and her eyes fluttered closed , her head dropping back onto his arm in response .
tr	PRES	" Camera pans away , thirty seconds , three minutes inside .
tr	PAST	The water in the fountain sloshed out , drenching her lower skirt as she jumped up .
tr	PRES	' It helps to protect us from attack . '
tr	PAST	" Heard you quit your job ! "
tr	PAST	She trusted her mother more than to accept , on circumstantial evidence alone , that Alana was an adulteress .
tr	PAST	She exhaled rather loudly .
tr	PRES	I tellin " my people , give Vimes a chance .
tr	PAST	In the last two years , we 'd volunteered at the ESL program during summer and off swim season .
tr	PRES	I assume that was his original plan .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , forgetting about Danika .
tr	PRES	" I will , " Emma whispers .
tr	PAST	With the next roll of thunder I crawled into the kitchen , then froze in place when the thunder faded into the distance and listened .
tr	PAST	We toured Westminster Abbey , huge and holy .
tr	PRES	He removes his hands and I start breathing again as he tells me , " Someone brought clean clothes for you .
tr	PAST	Arturo was apparently a friend of Micah 's , the vampire Lukas trusted to help her .
tr	PAST	As she spoke , he upended the vial he held , allowing a single droplet of the water to catch on his fingertip .
tr	PRES	Will stands among the courtiers , holding the thin , sharp blade that was hidden within the stick .
tr	PAST	She wriggled on his shoulder in an attempt to make him put her down .
tr	PAST	A few cars were driving around the rotary , their headlights bounced across the pavement , music filtered from their open windows .
tr	PRES	He 'll be exhausted before you know it , " she teased .
tr	PRES	I shout back over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Chapter 15 Tommy awoke to someone shaking him .
tr	PRES	I marvel at how steady June sounds .
tr	PRES	As his balls tightened and his body tightened , he gritted out , " Now . "
tr	PRES	Though its existence and location were secretive and secluded , I ' d stumbled upon a cryptically wicked party scene .
tr	PAST	She mopped up the coffee with firm , angry strokes .
tr	PAST	The squad slowed , which meant that , in the nature of these things , those at the back piled into the hesitant ones in front .
tr	PAST	As they walked , thunder boomed again .
tr	PRES	" You little prick .
tr	PRES	But he hates me .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ! "
tr	PAST	She trusted the tether to lead her .
tr	PRES	" It helps that she 's beautiful and sexy . "
tr	PRES	" Miss McClellan - " " Kit . "
tr	PAST	Carmine eyed it peculiarly .
tr	PRES	" Right away , Miss. .
tr	PAST	His brows pinched in confusion .
tr	PAST	" Good thing we 've still got my crutches , " she teased , half dragging him to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Your thrust rendered him comatose , but the time 's going to come when he 'll wake up again . '
tr	PAST	I crawled to my knees .
tr	PAST	A small smile curved her mouth .
tr	PAST	He exhaled in frustration .
tr	PRES	No more than a spectator to her dexterity .
tr	PRES	Mom slides her phone into her pocket with shaky hands .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked toward a reflection , which came from his left-hand , busy signing for his purchase .
tr	PRES	" It 's waiting for us now , partner Elijah . "
tr	PAST	With that , the young boy scampered into the smoke filled hut .
tr	PAST	Sorin claimed the one across from her , and Stephanie claimed the one at his side , forcing Lauren to take the one facing her .
tr	PAST	I risked a look over my shoulder and saw a policeman coming .
tr	PAST	" All of the more ... experienced members of the crew . "
tr	PRES	Caroline 's first crawfish boil ever and she was excited to soak in as much of the Louisiana culture as she could .
tr	PAST	He stalked to the driver 's seat of his car , slammed the door , and roared out of the alley .
tr	PRES	After the paddles were fully charged , the defibrillator discharged with another agonizing bolt of electricity .
tr	PRES	" He pays for his share , and when he pays I deliver . "
tr	PAST	But in private , they simply washed their hands of the matter .
tr	PRES	Hartman glances at Hicks , his glowing eye strip narrowing .
tr	PRES	" OK , we race over there to that log sticking out of the water and then back to the boat . "
tr	PRES	He remembers me and only death keeps us apart .
tr	PAST	We attended at least three parties a week , and we would have a quiet dinner together once every week or two as well .
tr	PAST	A quick look around revealed dozens of other burning bodies , but I didn 't detect Castor 's among the injured .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stay right behind him , " I squeal .
tr	PRES	She whipped her hair around to the other side and continued to brush it against her shoulder .
tr	PAST	" No I 'm actually cold , " she lied .
tr	PRES	" Because everything is going to change , Jonathan !
tr	PAST	" Last time I looked , " he joked .
tr	PAST	" To the most beautiful woman in the world , " Mr. Kahn countered .
tr	PAST	If you forgot it even for a second , you risked your life , because they always remembered .
tr	PRES	He tastes like chocolate this morning .
tr	PRES	No one bothers an old woman . "
tr	PAST	I mumbled something about dog fur and made sure he heard so when we didn 't find wolves he 'd know where the fur came from .
tr	PAST	We dyed my bleached hair back to its original dark brown .
tr	PAST	They floated high in the air , bobbing softly like they were caught in a gentle breeze .
tr	PRES	Ryan pushes out a breath .
tr	PRES	' What kinds of symptoms ? '
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes .
tr	PRES	The red stallion . "
tr	PAST	Darren 's expression sobered .
tr	PRES	A small sputter and the machine roars to life .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , in obvious pain but still proceeding .
tr	PRES	" In families ? "
tr	PAST	The world outside calmed as his breathing slowed .
tr	PRES	I grill him just to watch him squirm , but he does not divulge much else .
tr	PAST	" You lads have my complete trust , " the tavern owner stated .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He squinted and turned it over and over , looking intently at it .
tr	PRES	Against the stars a turtle passes , carrying four elephants on its shell .
tr	PRES	Instead , he helps me carry my bags to my room .
tr	PAST	I feared you were about to combust right there in front of me .
tr	PRES	If anyone enters the room , he lashes out at them . "
tr	PRES	" But , Aunt Letty , I never talk to him , " I blurt with exasperation .
tr	PAST	I giggled like a schoolgirl .
tr	PRES	" He draws the way you compose !
tr	PAST	He extended his own blade again and showed Ezio the detail .
tr	PAST	Helen yawned and replied , " The smell comes directly from the puzzle .
tr	PRES	" Hey , why bob for apples when you can bob for boners ? "
tr	PRES	I hear Grace 's gasp and know she sees Cami .
tr	PAST	Julie giggled after saying that .
tr	PRES	Pious belief that evil things die .
tr	PRES	Yea , that pretty much describes my state of mind .
tr	PAST	Josephine motioned to the couch .
tr	PRES	" Overstreet , snap out of it ! "
tr	PAST	I attempted to reel in my own despair over the possibility of having lost my sister forever too .
tr	PAST	" Everybody winds up here eventually . "
tr	PAST	Dante 's hand clasped the sides of Tammy 's face and he kissed her forehead .
tr	PAST	Alarmed , Steele retreated to the corner of her office .
tr	PAST	We lied about our ages so we could enroll in school . "
tr	PRES	She snuck over and hovered behind me .
tr	PAST	" You risked your safety for me , yet you couldn 't or wouldn 't tell me what your plan was . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe some kind of swamp phenomenon or gases underground ... I don 't know . "
tr	PAST	she sobbed , almost to herself .
tr	PAST	Thomas grunted in frustration and stomped off to the tent .
tr	PRES	Lucy likes to joke as always and Nick is working like always .
tr	PRES	Her eyes were nearly closed , her long curly lashes lying like russet fans , casting shadows on her creamy cheeks .
tr	PAST	Love flicked his indicator left into Parry Street .
tr	PAST	Wondering if she was missing some fundamental piece of the puzzle , she rummaged through her vast stores of notes .
tr	PRES	He flips up the visor of his helmet and stares down at Yasmine .
tr	PRES	His dark lashes lower and he hesitates .
tr	PRES	A tiny whisper of wings tickles the inside of my chest as he says those last three words .
tr	PRES	" She hates the name too !
tr	PRES	Strange noises , chattering and growling , echo within the dense undergrowth , making me feel like predators lurk all around us .
tr	PAST	Even as the words left his mouth , he marveled that he could say them .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in despair , lifting his eyes full of suffering to his perplexed partner .
tr	PRES	I unconsciously echo his earlier words .
tr	PRES	' Du n no , ' he said , smirking in that way she absolutely hated , ' just lucky , I guess . '
tr	PRES	I fold my arms and impatiently wait .
tr	PAST	" Move closer Simon , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	He was enormous , dark of hair , his beard clipped in a short , precise cut .
tr	PAST	Joan crumpled to the floor as though an anvil fell out of the sky and knocked her to the floor .
tr	PRES	" What about this Cael ?
tr	PRES	He releases me and his cool fingers lift my chin .
tr	PAST	The wind and snow swirled into the entranceway around a man who stood at least six feet six .
tr	PAST	" You do , " he countered , not letting her move away .
tr	PRES	" The Moon Rocks reduce the effect of gravity between ten and twelve times , thus imitating an environment of considerably less than lunar gravity .
tr	PRES	The co-pilot flicks a switch and the deer , in a full-body harness , begins to descend .
tr	PAST	The cloths covering the tables erected on the sun deck for the occasion were starched and bright .
tr	PAST	You 've never lied to me . "
tr	PAST	My mother and the rest of the family being obliged to attend as witnesses , I accompanied them to the court .
tr	PAST	Dagmar crouched beside the bed , pushing her spectacles on top of her head so she could closely study how his skin puckered in several places .
tr	PAST	But his eyes glowed with obvious pride and satisfaction as he looked at his three daughters .
tr	PAST	Fighting all the time equaled turned on all the time .
tr	PRES	Rory stops about ten feet from me and attempts to hold Star still , but he 's prancing and acting skittish .
tr	PAST	Nathan , Liam and Ethan tugged at him .
tr	PRES	When you do that I can feel the barrier weaken . "
tr	PRES	The balloon now lies horizontal in the field .
tr	PAST	Rio then hauled himself out of the boat and stopped beside the old man .
tr	PAST	Stella tugged at the shoulder of my hospital gown .
tr	PAST	He stares at me for a moment with his eyes full of agony .
tr	PRES	" Either Walt lets me write a real story or ... " She didn 't know what .
tr	PAST	She joked a bit with the crowd , thanked them for coming , and introduced her new poem .
tr	PRES	Serena twirls the long stem of a flower .
tr	PRES	Again he put his hands on her , bracing himself by wrapping his muscular arms around her legs , his hands resting on top of her legs .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't kill me , " she begged .
tr	PRES	He then announces that my hair and beard were turned white by the frost of that bitter winter , which was also a lie .
tr	PRES	A single left-over tear falls .
tr	PRES	... No , you moron , she 's got the truck .
tr	PRES	Seven or eight bodyguards at all times , and there was always a family from somewhere different everyday .
tr	PRES	He falls back into his seat on a wave of lost face .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps fast .
tr	PRES	Alec flips through the numerous pages .
tr	PAST	The woman froze ; trembling as if surprised to find someone had actually answered .
tr	PRES	So much for age making you smarter . "
tr	PRES	" A laptop -- " " You want a laptop ? "
tr	PRES	' Each holds not less than twenty goblins I expect .
tr	PRES	Will explains quickly , and Elliott takes off in the direction we came from .
tr	PRES	The waitress skates over and ducks her head into the cab of the car , sticking out her butt .
tr	PAST	He doubted such cursed water could much avail himself , but it gave him an interesting idea .
tr	PAST	Her frown deepened at his soothing words .
tr	PRES	After a minute or two , the excruciating pain in my left eye fades to an annoying throb .
tr	PAST	They both froze : Kaspar 's brow lowering as Alex presumably said something to him in his mind .
tr	PRES	Nausea drips down into my stomach , settling uneasily on the hot chocolate I 've already drunk .
tr	PAST	Marek feared that I would become more loyal to them than I was to him .
tr	PAST	Then her eyes flicked down to my chest .
tr	PRES	That inspiration being that he mostly felt possessed ... by his penis .
tr	PRES	" What if someone hears us ? "
tr	PAST	" All for the handsome Leonard , " dreamily giggled Linda .
tr	PRES	May peace reign and freedom rejoice ! "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you tired , sweetie ? "
tr	PAST	Hanna sniffed loudly and raised her eyes to him .
tr	PRES	I tackle Echo low so that we roll beneath the window as a second shot passes overhead .
tr	PAST	She never trusted anyone enough to let them get that close to her .
tr	PAST	The criminal then revealed his dastardly deeds .
tr	PRES	Guilt creeps back inside of me as I 'm bluntly reminded of what I 'm capable of and what I did to Nicholas .
tr	PRES	" Damn you , " she breathed , her nails digging into his skin .
tr	PRES	He uses hoodies all the time but he 's white and doesn 't have to give up his hoodies .
tr	PAST	His back tensed under his jacket .
tr	PAST	We claimed she 'd gotten pregnant right after being rescued from re-education , and then we 'd said he came early .
tr	PAST	Because of that decision , he exposed himself and his powers .
tr	PAST	Charlotte stiffened and dropped her arms , backing slowly away from her mother .
tr	PRES	" Boone talks a lot , period . "
tr	PRES	Jason glances at Red and shows him a cocky grin .
tr	PAST	Chrissie tensed , struggling to hide her reaction .
tr	PAST	It bounced down hard and the back wheels slid across the ground , losing traction .
tr	PAST	It flapped its wings while attacking him .
tr	PAST	She tipped her face up to look at him , tears streaming down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	I cringed as I stopped and turned to face him .
tr	PRES	His order brings a smile to my face .
tr	PAST	Beyond them , the slow-moving creek reflected the sky like a mirror , the stillness broken only by a flock of starlings passing overhead .
tr	PAST	Ice nodded and Nik relayed the events of their pursuit .
tr	PRES	" Any personal ' item ' with a price tag the length of a phone number ranges from ludicrously to criminally wasteful . "
tr	PAST	She reflected on a thought that she 'd had earlier but had forgotten to ask Terry .
tr	PRES	The door opens and Mr. Haywood is standin ' there , all outraged as he looks out over me head and finally down at me .
tr	PAST	He prayed that Ray wasn 't awake as he took the truck out and headed back to Mayville .
tr	PAST	We cannot have him influencing our daughter into this unacceptable behavior , " he stated sternly .
tr	PRES	Beginning to ride away , she suddenly stops .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the cap and then poured the contents into the reservoir .
tr	PAST	The driver brought the boat around sideways to her , and the other man leaned out , his arm outstretched to her .
tr	PAST	He reciprocated and removed her undershirt .
tr	PAST	The forest around them quieted too , which gave Gareth no comfort .
tr	PRES	Every molecule in my body sings when I say it .
tr	PAST	I tugged him forward and pressed his lips to mine .
tr	PAST	Again I screeched to a stop .
tr	PAST	At first nothing happened , but then a sudden burst of orange bright light engulfed skies .
tr	PRES	" Brynn ... " she sighs .
tr	PAST	I attempted to push it away , but it resisted .
tr	PRES	He tries to form a word through parched lips .
tr	PAST	Rick and Nate where going to get smacked at some point .
tr	PRES	I snap at him .
tr	PAST	Misty squealed and tried to sidestep , but Graham barreled into her .
tr	PRES	I wiggle from Mama , eating more pie .
tr	PRES	I lean against the doorframe and fold my arms .
tr	PRES	Black shapes darted and flitted through the smoke and firelight and shadows that covered the city , seemingly moving at random through the crisis .
tr	PRES	Rob 's evil and Rian hates Janelle , which means she 's evil too .
tr	PRES	Something flashes across Juliet 's face , almost like disappointment .
tr	PRES	With the other , he tries to aim the gun at me as I vault over the cubicle wall .
tr	PRES	Her eyelids fluttered , black butterflies , and her hands gripped my wrist .
tr	PRES	Carson sat up , his shoulder resting against my back .
tr	PAST	" Biology , " she toasted .
tr	PRES	" Mistress , could we not spare a few more ? "
tr	PRES	And stop watching , I add silently .
tr	PRES	The water that is coming from the center of the fountain rises so high it goes above the trees .
tr	PRES	And his blue eyes shone .
tr	PRES	He wears fedoras at all hours that his grandfather gave him .
tr	PAST	Jason crawled deeper into the cleft , emerging into a small room with no visible exit and no water .
tr	PAST	Viktor matched the name with the masked men from his dreams .
tr	PAST	A thunderous boom accompanied it .
tr	PRES	Disturbing the air in reverse brings the designs back to where they were originally placed . "
tr	PRES	As he gets closer to finding the killer , he falls deeper into an elaborate conspiracy .
tr	PAST	" Most of the survivors teleported away , and we took care of the rest . "
tr	PRES	I murmur , wanting very badly to melt into a puddle .
tr	PRES	Today , the year 1413 , the God question still remains unanswered . "
tr	PRES	Man meat tastes like pig crap . "
tr	PRES	Ice blazes in his eyes like bits of amber .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arm in front of me and flips open the glove box .
tr	PRES	" It wasn 't a poisonous snake , " Miguel explains .
tr	PAST	Razor buzzed indignantly but hopped off Kenzie 's shoulder and scampered to the old playground slide .
tr	PRES	" Magic , lass .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands over him , and golden light glows in the space between .
tr	PRES	" Just checking to see if you learned anything in your lesson today .
tr	PAST	He plunged deep , his h * ps slapping against her buttocks .
tr	PAST	" Hey , I 'm telling Dad you 're not wearing life jackets , " Lonnie hollered .
tr	PAST	" Thanks for the advice , Mom , " Sibyl uttered the expression of gratitude but her tone said very clearly she didn 't mean it .
tr	PAST	It fled toward the stream , hoping to lose the angel in the woods beyond .
tr	PRES	You achieve what most of these trumped-up , painted women cannot , no matter how many layers of heavy , rich fabric cover them up . "
tr	PAST	When the men had finished , she served coffee and cupcakes to the accompaniment of much praise and fulsome thanks .
tr	PAST	" We can procure an annulment , Livy , " her father persisted .
tr	PAST	He propped up his feet and smiled .
tr	PRES	Her body falls to the floor in a violent seizure .
tr	PAST	" Looks like she 's got the eyes for ya , " Wyatt chided me and I wasn 't amused at all .
tr	PAST	She refrained from asking the obvious question .
tr	PAST	I jolted out of bed , tortured by visions of Jax hurt and trapped by the fire that raged somewhere down below .
tr	PAST	The conversation ceased the moment he got back into the car .
tr	PRES	I swim and emerge to the surface of the water for fresh air .
tr	PRES	" A screwed-up witch . "
tr	PRES	-- from the target . "
tr	PAST	Laying the necklace on the bed , I unfolded the note .
tr	PRES	I bat my eyes and smile innocently .
tr	PRES	They teach their pups to despise us . "
tr	PAST	But he doubted she 'd believe him even if he admitted it .
tr	PAST	The Duke visibly brightened at that prospect .
tr	PAST	His lips curved but the smile didn 't reach his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Oh , God ... , " Lisa mumbled and pulled tighter to him .
tr	PRES	Gage reaches over the back of Blythe 's seat and places a hand on her shoulder .
tr	PRES	We estimate we 'll have sold three fourths of them before the building is finished , and the rest of them shortly after . "
tr	PAST	Preston cocked one eyebrow .
tr	PRES	What underground rooms ? "
tr	PRES	" High Lord , " she replied , placing her hands beneath his , palms up in formal greeting , leaving wrists vulnerable to nails .
tr	PAST	I split my time between sailing lessons from Bry and staring out at the water , trying to prepare myself for meeting the council .
tr	PRES	No wonder the vampire didn 't wear swim shorts .
tr	PAST	It cowered and screamed as Ronan crammed it into the box that was far too small to contain it .
tr	PAST	Great lorries and traction engines roaring past all the time .
tr	PRES	Dusk falling , suddenly as it does in the late fall , the dull afternoon fading into the sharp brightness of evening .
tr	PAST	Pure mutiny carved lines on his face .
tr	PRES	" Tell me the name , " Enzo murmurs .
tr	PAST	Meg 's faced collapsed happily and Sibyl gave her hand a soft , affectionate squeeze .
tr	PRES	Trust Mama Letha to think of comfort food .
tr	PAST	Phelps casually tugged his waistband into place .
tr	PAST	Speed 's private joke only lightened his mood for the briefest of moments .
tr	PRES	He holds his right hand up too .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that I 'm the " worse . "
tr	PRES	I settle for a speech .
tr	PAST	It lands on the floor between us , the glass splintered .
tr	PAST	My fingers tensed into my throne .
tr	PAST	Blake twirled his spoon in the soup .
tr	PRES	He slams into me and I moan as he fills me with come .
tr	PAST	-- but it proved stable .
tr	PRES	When the equator freezes .
tr	PAST	Before I could embarrass myself with another gem from my stand-up routine , the porch vibrated with deep whoops of " Sawyer ! "
tr	PAST	She smiled at him , her lips curved in a sensual pout , her mouth begging to be kissed .
tr	PAST	" Here , follow me , " he mumbled under his breath as if clearing his throat .
tr	PAST	Clearly he preferred the old-fashioned over the high tech garbage they shoved down consumers ' throats .
tr	PRES	The officer slams me against the side of the car and wrenches the arm he 's holding back and up .
tr	PAST	Charmaine giggled as the strong man pressed her against the wall .
tr	PRES	' ' One of the most important things though , is that when people are bitten and they change into those things ... " Says Maria .
tr	PRES	" He loves it . "
tr	PRES	Knowing that for at least a moment she mattered .
tr	PRES	Checks for eighteen dollars ? ' "
tr	PAST	I sought the path of love .
tr	PAST	" You 're fired , " he announced heatedly .
tr	PAST	Helen may have skipped a class or two in history , but even she knew that wasn 't a very successful strategic plan .
tr	PAST	Time slowed to a crawl .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , crossing my arms over my chest .
tr	PRES	A figure in white stands unmoving in the beam of my headlights .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves the beach . "
tr	PAST	She preferred a sedentary , quiet life running her business , with simple pleasures she never took for granted after her foster child upbringing .
tr	PRES	I chew on the inside of my cheek .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PRES	" Even though I 'm not hot " I teased .
tr	PAST	I chatter , rocking my body to attempt to keep warm .
tr	PRES	I rip my gaze from her tits , take out my cell phone , and text Ethan .
tr	PAST	Angelo froze with terror .
tr	PRES	" Clothing optional . "
tr	PRES	He holds his fist out for a bump .
tr	PAST	Ian stated it as a fact .
tr	PAST	he taunted the boy .
tr	PAST	The creature , larger and greater than the beasts within Erebus , advanced on the old woman .
tr	PAST	He acted as if it were a joke , but did some part of him really believe it ?
tr	PRES	" YOU HAVE TO DO THIS NOW ! "
tr	PRES	" I 've gone by Bo for so long , nobody even remembers my real name . "
tr	PRES	" Tonight , you 're mine , " he whispers again .
tr	PRES	he hisses at her .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't bring a gun on our date , " she whispers back .
tr	PAST	His mother wept into Dara 's arms .
tr	PRES	" So she remembers what an ass I was and how I nearly got her killed . "
tr	PRES	I zero in on the caption .
tr	PAST	The other night , just before John Paul 's strange behavior , the streetlights shattered .
tr	PRES	" See , that 's the thing , this floor and the four beneath it belong to Cypher Systems .
tr	PAST	Because Jesse insisted , I washed my face and hands before we headed back into town .
tr	PAST	Powerhouse clinched his fist and swallowed .
tr	PAST	I crouched behind a cabinet in the foyer , plotting out my next move and counting my ammunition .
tr	PRES	" Only a jerk uses kids for his own personal gain . "
tr	PAST	Ivan unraveled the bindings around my arm in silence .
tr	PRES	Sure enough , Fiona reaches for the next disc .
tr	PRES	Laughing against my mouth , Kalli reaches up to help , loosening and removing the thing in a matter of pulls .
tr	PRES	That idiot Corrigan thinks the Holey is talking to a cat and , get this , the plants in his garden .
tr	PRES	" That 's because I never thought you 'd bite , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	The crimson cape flapped in the wind .
tr	PAST	You screw me and then tell me to go into the arms of another man , like it 's as simple as changing a shirt ? "
tr	PAST	Just as she was sure he had her , he disintegrated .
tr	PAST	Without any hint of warning , the peace of the morning disintegrated .
tr	PAST	Gretchen wriggled her eyebrows as she folded the last unfinished curtain panel and placed it in a box .
tr	PRES	Hell , they might as well have called Sidewinder in and slept in puppy piles on pool floats like they used to .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hand in his shirt .
tr	PAST	Tim shone his light into the emptiness , heedless of Mark for the moment .
tr	PRES	Yours truly , Mark Tucker loneliness the count ?
tr	PRES	Unable to control herself , she snuck a lick at the tip , and they both froze from the shock of the connection .
tr	PAST	She twirled a mouthful of spaghetti into her spoon .
tr	PAST	The gold in her gaze matched the flames .
tr	PRES	She produces a newspaper clipping in a plastic sleeve .
tr	PAST	Mac doubted he could get up and walk without getting blown around .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PAST	No police department announced that they had a serial killer on their hands if they could help it .
tr	PAST	A shy smile tugged at her lips .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes a hold of my hand .
tr	PAST	He thanked her and they set off having memorised the first few major street names .
tr	PAST	After a long moment of silence , Dean flicked his eyes over to me .
tr	PAST	I begged him for hours last night to give me one hint , and nothing .
tr	PRES	" Nigel loves her .
tr	PAST	Dad cups his chin with his hand .
tr	PRES	Nobody blames him or thinks less of him .
tr	PRES	He falls to his knees .
tr	PRES	Ketchup chuckles , " Thanks .
tr	PRES	Djibouti 's lights down below shone like galaxy clusters from Seth 's point of view .
tr	PRES	The hatch bursts open and more officers emerge , sprinting to the four corners of the roof and laying down on their stomachs .
tr	PRES	Realization slams into me like 200 pounds of common sense .
tr	PRES	Friday snorts this time .
tr	PRES	" Is she ok ? "
tr	PRES	" The Memory rune .
tr	PRES	She tuned herself in to the skin that lay just beneath the band .
tr	PAST	He and Stephan toured the global party circuit together , both believing the tedious idea of working belonged to the generation who had created the family business .
tr	PAST	She slapped at his chest , which he was surprised to find was healed .
tr	PRES	Silver for the demon towers , And bronze to summon wicked powers .
tr	PRES	No sooner than her voice clicks off , my door bursts open and Eden comes running in with two exasperated nurses hot on his tail .
tr	PRES	He whispers to her .
tr	PAST	" Official reports showed that remote viewing produced useful results fifteen percent of the time , which was above statistical probability .
tr	PAST	" Not that weird , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Chelsea and Marcy abandoned their place on the sidewalk and rushed toward her .
tr	PRES	No use , it snaps under the weight of my body .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed " A lot of what this guy says is right on and no one can stop him .
tr	PAST	He presses himself against me , and stays like that for a moment .
tr	PAST	I can 't really explain it , " Jin attempted to explain .
tr	PAST	" Sarah , me heart breaks every time me sees ye in here , " Mae wept .
tr	PRES	He likes his home and the sound of the kids and he loves you , but he doesn 't know why you poke him .
tr	PRES	He pushes me against the closet wall and our mouths meet again for another passionate kiss .
tr	PRES	An emergency broadcast pops up on the dashboards as I cross over the border and enter California .
tr	PAST	They charged toward the sound of the battle unable to see what was happening .
tr	PRES	She glares at me .
tr	PRES	" And he trusts you , after everything . "
tr	PRES	" She loves you . "
tr	PAST	I squeezed it , and for long minutes , we sat in the back row , our hands clasped together in the aisle way between us .
tr	PRES	I smack her ass with an open palm .
tr	PAST	Guard posted outside , check .
tr	PAST	I plunged it into the lighted liquid , the bubbles burning my hands , leaving blisters .
tr	PRES	I honored his wishes . "
tr	PAST	The kiss deepened , and I knew that Aiden was right where I was .
tr	PRES	" Come on , let me have some fun with you , " he begs with a tease in his voice .
tr	PRES	Are you expanding ? "
tr	PRES	" To make up for all the birthdays that we missed .
tr	PRES	It allows you to find any place using a reference number .
tr	PAST	Back swirled the dragon .
tr	PRES	He likes guys . "
tr	PRES	" I assume you mean my dad and Zoe ?
tr	PRES	Kim opens the refrigerator then slams it shut but not before its rotted breath swamps the room .
tr	PRES	Walking into the Captain 's cabin Marie hears where their next destination is .
tr	PRES	A few lights from the shore shone weakly on the water .
tr	PAST	His thumb massaged over a raw patch of skin on the other palm .
tr	PAST	" Lean back a little more , " Nate instructed .
tr	PRES	He glances at me solemnly .
tr	PRES	" I know them better than you think , Bella .
tr	PAST	With the lights now on , and my phone out , I dialed Laila 's number .
tr	PAST	So I jumbled logs from previous testing and set the machine to send random entries to the mainframe .
tr	PRES	" That boat show always draws the crowds .
tr	PRES	A new musculature hints beneath my skin .
tr	PRES	She points up the road , down the road , north and south over the woods .
tr	PAST	He attended the primary school where Ramdas was studying , and he became his first friend in that town .
tr	PRES	It rises four feet from the green grass , standing majestically as if part of a vivid painting .
tr	PRES	We underestimate those who can do us the most harm .
tr	PAST	I flung my legs out and pulled back hard on the cord , like a rider trying to rein in a runaway horse .
tr	PAST	As they approached a computer panel , he slowed and accessed it .
tr	PRES	As Pete is saying this , he begins to notice Steve 's bloody neck .
tr	PRES	The front door opens and I lower my head , not wanting to be noticed .
tr	PAST	A truck barreled into the construction site on fifth causing a structural collapse .
tr	PRES	" Please shed some light on this , Letty , " states Mr. Quintanilla .
tr	PAST	With that the man named Hansen continued to write , heeding the other man no more .
tr	PRES	She stands in a tight circle .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" What of the servants ? "
tr	PAST	His breath fogged as he spoke .
tr	PAST	Waldorf limped and fell through his office door , slamming it shut behind him .
tr	PAST	Then she collapsed , exhausted , into a chair and waited , worrying that maybe she had done the wrong thing .
tr	PAST	Curling forward as if punched in the gut , Dale steadied himself with a hand on the work table .
tr	PAST	The dark eyes twinkled with a mischievous light .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open and it takes me a second to get my bearings but it didn 't take me long .
tr	PRES	" And of surrender , fearless surrender . "
tr	PRES	I lean out the door a ways .
tr	PRES	For the first time in her life , she dreaded the work ahead .
tr	PRES	" A witch ? "
tr	PAST	" Brief me doctor , " he stated angrily .
tr	PRES	We will be here with you until the crisis is over , " Taylor explains .
tr	PAST	Things quieted down for a while .
tr	PRES	My voice was shaky , my breathing shallow .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Abe that the motorcycle casing Horace had used before was under the trash bin .
tr	PRES	Vin screamed again , the deaths startling her , shocking her , standing as a reminder of all the deaths she 'd been unable to prevent .
tr	PAST	Getting the wheels over large tree roots proved cumbersome at times .
tr	PRES	She inhales quickly and blinks even faster .
tr	PAST	His left wing mirror shattered and he realised this guy was actually quite a good shot .
tr	PAST	Her freckle glowed and she fell to her knees trying to call for help .
tr	PRES	He winks and opens the car door .
tr	PRES	" So , what , South Dakota ? "
tr	PAST	Your aunt smacked her around , dragged her out of the house ? "
tr	PAST	Everything in him urged Rico to charge into that room and find out who the mystery bastard was .
tr	PRES	She hears scraping below .
tr	PRES	Her hair shone like gold in the candlelight .
tr	PAST	She dreamed about them both with her eyes wide and staring at the fire .
tr	PRES	And with no regard for the difficulties . '
tr	PAST	The temptation she provided him from simply being available .
tr	PRES	His eyes weaken slightly .
tr	PAST	They all collapsed onto the floor , bags and all .
tr	PRES	" Says the bitter war never stops , so the sweet sugar can 't stop either . "
tr	PAST	She inquired about his health , asked how things were going in Lafayette , and said she would be there in several hours .
tr	PRES	" Terrible , Mitch .
tr	PRES	He likes looking at you or some sappy shit like that . "
tr	PAST	Throughout all of the information , some fundamental controlling forces emerged .
tr	PRES	It helps us get a feel for the kind of monster we 're dealing with . "
tr	PAST	She motioned her fingers forward and the glove seemed to follow as it flew across the lofty room .
tr	PAST	He faltered and began nibbling his bottom lip nervously .
tr	PAST	" That I wasn 't ready for any kind of commitment and she was the kind of girl you committed yourself to . "
tr	PRES	Says Greg to my sister and then turns to me .
tr	PAST	Nellie reported about Buck buying an option from Land Investment Ltd for one hundred thousand dollars and then sold an option to U.S. Resorts for seventy-five thousand .
tr	PAST	I trod heaven in my thoughts , now exulting in my powers , now burning with the idea of their effects .
tr	PAST	Growing up , I always preferred the boys ' games .
tr	PAST	An employee swooped in from nowhere and held out his hand expectantly .
tr	PAST	He had doubted that any of those who remained would have acted against Lord Lodge , but he had to ask the question first .
tr	PRES	" But I fantasize about the Coffin Club .
tr	PRES	" From the look she gave us , she suspects what we are .
tr	PAST	I received it yesterday , but initially mistook it as junk mail .
tr	PRES	" I teach preschool . "
tr	PRES	The children stir and someone knocks .
tr	PRES	" Did you delete them ? "
tr	PRES	His tall frame stands out against the deep blue of the ocean , and his short curls catch the gentle breeze .
tr	PRES	" Not me , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	A slow , unsteady breath eases from my lips .
tr	PAST	We zipped past a large car backed into a dirt driveway , facing the road .
tr	PRES	" Why Ivan Harvey ! "
tr	PAST	He swiped his finger through the drying shaving cream on Nick 's cheek .
tr	PRES	Alec tries to keep from laughing but he 's not doing a good job .
tr	PAST	Connor grunted in assent , and drew his axe .
tr	PRES	It offers the best vantage point for miles around .
tr	PAST	After our parent 's deaths , Shane 's extended family retreated into the background of their own lives .
tr	PAST	Tar motioned to the apartment .
tr	PRES	One that had everyone watching from the outdoor couches sighing at how sweet they were together .
tr	PAST	I crawled closer and yanked out the pouch that held the dried flower dust I used on Hecate .
tr	PAST	" They cleaned it and wrapped it for you . "
tr	PRES	" Right next to the Armageddon ones , " she offers .
tr	PRES	And how it draws one to itself !
tr	PRES	Holder reaches up and takes both clasps while I pull my hair up .
tr	PAST	Cable pursued details of the events leading up to the litigation , hopelessly complicated and personal litigation , and the testimony slowed to a virtual halt .
tr	PAST	The microwave beeped and Sarah pulled out her muffin .
tr	PAST	She blamed them for what was happening to the village where she was born and to which she had so recently returned .
tr	PRES	" Christ Jesus ! "
tr	PRES	Right in front of me , a pair of glass double doors stands under a wide curved awning .
tr	PRES	The nurse helps me get dressed because I 'm still groggy from my therapy session .
tr	PRES	The backlit office offers a clear view of the occupants through the glass .
tr	PAST	Anger exploded inside my chest and I shoved the Reboots in front of me out of the way .
tr	PRES	These human figurines belong to the Earth now .
tr	PRES	" Watch it , " I warn .
tr	PAST	He seemed a bit looser than John , but as I now knew , they were both deceitful and only served the interests of the Corporation .
tr	PAST	Charity stomped her foot on the floorboard of the van .
tr	PAST	She presses her hands to her face , curling her fingers into her hair .
tr	PRES	It belongs to you ! "
tr	PAST	It operated for only three months out of the year .
tr	PRES	Yes , I 've got one for $ 80 each way , and you 're lucky , they connect to your flights .
tr	PRES	" Wait five seconds , " Rob mutters , examining his fingers .
tr	PAST	He cringed , confusion flowing over his face .
tr	PAST	Zane cocked his head at me and I reached over and slapped his hand .
tr	PAST	She cringed in sympathy .
tr	PAST	The pain inside him lessened as he left the house , the compulsion spell happy that Graham was moving in the right direction .
tr	PRES	I 'm also free of charge , " slapping my breasts , giggling .
tr	PAST	The pillar sped across the pool as the reflection grew , until the pointed end reached the edge of where we stood .
tr	PRES	This isn 't their fight , " I plead with Crewe .
tr	PAST	Before she could think about it and change her mind , she whipped her sweatshirt over her head and let it fall to the floor .
tr	PAST	She slowed down as it became dark again and she could no longer see anything .
tr	PAST	Zane gritted his teeth and forced himself to relax .
tr	PRES	He huffed slightly , his breathing ragged .
tr	PRES	The balloon rises fast , and in a matter of seconds , we can see over the barn to the front of the house .
tr	PRES	" Land Ho ! "
tr	PRES	That the two trees in the backyard were now stumps .
tr	PRES	Send Maggie another letter offering her a job in your millinery shop .
tr	PAST	I dove into her head , shredding everything I came across .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on Paris as if he wanted to say something else .
tr	PAST	The crown matched his tattoos .
tr	PRES	His palm opens to reveal two capsules .
tr	PRES	She glances at the yellow sun and grunts .
tr	PAST	We snaked our way through the nightclub until we came to a back door at the rear of the establishment .
tr	PAST	I received your letter a long time ago .
tr	PRES	A full bathroom suite of catalogue perfection shone around the drunken crew .
tr	PAST	He claimed to have reports that made him believe the King would murder the Princes on his return to London .
tr	PRES	Dad offers me his arm and I thread mine into his .
tr	PAST	Jin and Saga charged forward , hitting the kami in the stomach with an energy palm , while Liz ran her energy through the whip .
tr	PAST	The waiter reappeared , and I sat back while I waited for Brandon to order .
tr	PRES	" I completely disagree .
tr	PAST	The smell of sickness lingered on her clothes .
tr	PRES	" Come on , buddy .
tr	PAST	With a shrieking battle cry , Katie came flying at Nate , one foot outstretched .
tr	PAST	For that , I need to be able to get out of here , " I teased , putting on a playful smile to break him .
tr	PAST	Daemon glided to the gold salon .
tr	PAST	Chapter 15 While Gretchen drove to the hospital , Nina dialed several phone numbers before reaching someone who could help .
tr	PAST	" Now take off your shoes and your dress and come sit here , " he instructed , patting the edge of the wall .
tr	PAST	His gaze roamed over her face .
tr	PRES	" That about sums it up . "
tr	PRES	" So dish . "
tr	PAST	Her lips curved up into a smile that no longer looked like a mimicked expression .
tr	PAST	Although it was almost midnight , the moon reflected on the rocks and water below .
tr	PAST	" I named it DB . "
tr	PAST	He didn 't push in , but simply explored her body with his hand , caressed the weight of each cheek of her buttocks .
tr	PRES	" Your engagement party , and before that ... uh ... " " Right .
tr	PRES	Sean hears them , too .
tr	PAST	As soon as her blades touched them the souls shattered , disintegrating like smoke blown away by a stiff breeze .
tr	PRES	Walking over to the door , he states , " My captains have finally come to talk over strategies .
tr	PRES	Chapter Six The sound of a bell ringing dragged Serenity from a deep sleep .
tr	PRES	So many likes and dislikes they had shared .
tr	PAST	She then described how she had heard those within and decided to try to make contact .
tr	PAST	The jolt charged the airship 's skin , blasting Harley clear .
tr	PAST	" All of us chaps potter around this place and occasionally fly those beautiful ladies outside .
tr	PAST	The girl named Van looked at me and smiled .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	He was being so irrational and difficult that , I swear , I could have slapped him .
tr	PAST	In the same broadcast folder , they posted archival footage of Wounded Knee . "
tr	PAST	Got more to show for it . "
tr	PRES	She pul ed a pad of paper from her pocket and hastily scribbled on it , as if she were taking down an order .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Callie , cum .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , as if drinking in her scent .
tr	PRES	He ticks them off with his fingers .
tr	PRES	' Now , we celebrate and tomorrow you leave for Amsterdam . '
tr	PRES	Emma begins to walk towards the water .
tr	PRES	" Sure , of course , Georgie .
tr	PAST	Zeus collapsed as soon as he hit dry land .
tr	PRES	" Feel them , Tori .
tr	PRES	" Just like old times , hmm ? "
tr	PAST	But since Mari left him here alone and Tucker was probably still fuming in his room , Trystan risked it .
tr	PRES	" Vee likes him . "
tr	PAST	The realtor 's ears visibly perked up .
tr	PRES	He stops there and people start asking him questions .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Though the November air was cool , the sun was high and strong , the blue sky unbroken .
tr	PAST	At worst , she could have proceeded without him , which would have forced him to tag along for safety 's sake .
tr	PAST	The knot in my stomach unraveled .
tr	PRES	Lance holds onto the look of fear , while shaking visibly for a few seconds .
tr	PAST	She trusted him with her life .
tr	PAST	" You jerk , " Olivia joked , running to attack Alexander .
tr	PAST	He still wore his uniform and picked up on the looks it created .
tr	PRES	His advisor approaches him and asks , " How did it go ? "
tr	PRES	He flips through the pages , and the love I see in his eyes makes my knees go weak .
tr	PRES	Adel tries to smile but can 't .
tr	PAST	Belle weaved her arm through Grace 's and dragged her inside the room .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , but not like ours or ones that belong to any sea creature I 've ever seen before .
tr	PRES	he mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	He clasped her hands in one of his to stop her from saying something that would lead to a fight .
tr	PAST	and steadied me with both hands .
tr	PAST	I smacked his leg under the table .
tr	PRES	I yawn , " They 're both ok ? "
tr	PRES	All of a sudden the button on the chest begins beeping insistently startling them .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " Jack chuckles .
tr	PAST	It bothered her enough that she 'd begged her father to have it fixed .
tr	PRES	He puts on a serious face , throws an arm around my shoulders , and pul s me in close .
tr	PRES	After all , I ' d grown up watching Children of the Corn and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
tr	PRES	" And probably a prostitute .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Callista ? '
tr	PRES	I disconnected and saw that Dimitri had stepped back inside .
tr	PRES	I twine my fingers with his and our legs are still touching .
tr	PAST	A golden letter " L " and its mirror image , surrounded by flowers and starbursts , brightened the gardens to day .
tr	PRES	" The Runners arrested Bremer , the butler .
tr	PAST	Graham grunted , choosing to tower over his victim .
tr	PAST	The simplicity of the statement sobered her and she stood straight , wiping at her cheeks with her fingers .
tr	PAST	Nate dove down and stopped the chest from sinking clear to the bottom .
tr	PRES	Diana states with excitement .
tr	PRES	Why not just revel in it ?
tr	PRES	My sister 's head snaps up and my hands tighten into fists at the determination in her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Cool ... " My gaze slides over to Reeve .
tr	PAST	He saluted , and the gig pulled away .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ Suzy had roamed every inch of the house for hours it seemed .
tr	PAST	I take a step toward him , my fingers balled into tight fists .
tr	PAST	The magic tugged on me .
tr	PAST	I slowed down and patted Davis on the arm .
tr	PAST	What little I could make out horrified me in a way I had not known since the slaying of my first enemy in battle .
tr	PRES	Where the temperature never changes ? "
tr	PRES	" And since when are you into musicians ?
tr	PRES	" You snuck out to meet with your beau . "
tr	PRES	She exhales , her hand on her chest as if she thought I was dead because I 'm over two hours late and I didn 't call .
tr	PRES	And these guys stink of money .
tr	PRES	" Not unless the answers lie in a halter neck sweater with matching skirt . "
tr	PAST	" No idea , I 've never had it measured . "
tr	PAST	" Robin , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	" I gave it to my school charity , " I lied smoothly .
tr	PAST	The world rumbled beneath her feet .
tr	PAST	" We might , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" Are you always this ... this ... " " Charming ?
tr	PAST	She sniffed and lifted her head , almost cringing when his hand reached up to wipe her tears away .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Constance ! "
tr	PAST	Power cables snaked around the power cells and into the tiny cavern .
tr	PRES	she shrinks back to put more distance between us .
tr	PRES	Then she flinches , blinking her attention away from me , and calmly pulls her hand away from mine .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands up .
tr	PAST	Reaching her destination , Beth exited into a wall of noise .
tr	PAST	She visited my place without warning .
tr	PRES	" Not yet , you little tramp , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Serena points into the darkened forest .
tr	PAST	" She is a healer , " he countered evenly .
tr	PRES	" The ocean ? "
tr	PAST	Juliana brightened at once .
tr	PAST	But he persisted with his efforts until she had downed the contents .
tr	PAST	For one brief moment , the man dared to lift his chin in defiance .
tr	PRES	He begins to walk off into the murky shadows of the parking lot .
tr	PAST	I shrank away from the thought of it .
tr	PAST	" Yes , but it was a near thing , " she rasped .
tr	PAST	" Well , Ashley did seem a little stressed , " Claire stated before shaking her head in genuine confusion .
tr	PAST	Phil sensed our excitement and gave an inspiring sermon .
tr	PRES	I tip my head back to take a swig , the sweet burning liquid instantly coating my mouth and I feel twenty times better .
tr	PRES	Hayden stands there looking puzzled .
tr	PRES	While Sophie and Shea seemed more outgoing .
tr	PRES	Who plays the good cop and bad cop in your duo ? "
tr	PAST	They were not given names at birth , referred to only as son or daughter .
tr	PAST	He never doubted her ability to remember .
tr	PAST	Then he suddenly withdrew and he and his family left town in a hurry .
tr	PAST	" The gentleman ... claimed that a young woman was murdered just outside the city .
tr	PRES	Yaeger visibly relaxes in the chair , as if the hard part were over .
tr	PRES	Orion stands and begins pacing .
tr	PAST	I froze for a second and then continued with my food .
tr	PAST	I advanced toward the two sparring bodies .
tr	PRES	The two of us , together , ' Oliver whispers , and the words shiver through me , bright with possibility .
tr	PAST	" It ain 't infected , though , " he surmised with a shake of his head .
tr	PAST	" It 's the only thing that works , " Callum clipped .
tr	PRES	Gabriel gifted me a sweet , lingering kiss .
tr	PRES	He sighs , moving back to stand with me just like before , lining the next shoe up .
tr	PAST	Thomas 's parents served Charlotte 's parents in the Institute , and now Thomas serves Charlotte and Henry .
tr	PRES	The desperate consuming lust .
tr	PRES	" It 'd be pointless , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Mia , " she sighs .
tr	PAST	Soldiers hauled big guns right past me , but I was hibernating deep in the mud .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the bitch lessons . "
tr	PRES	Lila suddenly slams to a stop when we 're almost to the car .
tr	PAST	" Me too , " Alec chimed in , though he didn 't get the smile .
tr	PRES	It stank of urine and damp , and she found she needed to take care to avoid stepping on unpleasant substances as she descended .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something under his breath she could only assume to being appropriate for her ears , and hung up .
tr	PAST	he boomed to his companions .
tr	PRES	For a keel and six lower rib sections ? "
tr	PRES	The first taste of her tongue consumes me .
tr	PAST	Hearing footsteps in the hall , he leaped for the doorway before Winter and her fury actually entered the room .
tr	PAST	Isabelle perked up visibly .
tr	PRES	" Off the stage , Jess .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " hisses Dad .
tr	PRES	Laughs Sander from right behind them startling them both .
tr	PRES	" And one other thing ... " " Mortals ... " she muttered .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her bag full of clothes and pulled herself together .
tr	PAST	He made no attempts to hide the fact he was checking me out , the towel sure revealed enough for him to look at .
tr	PRES	This time , I connect with an automated message which wavers in and out , first in Dutch and then in English .
tr	PAST	" I never dreamed that I would meet a woman like you , Brynn .
tr	PAST	But then his lips curved into a victorious smile , giving Cheyenne the impression that she 'd just walked into a trap .
tr	PAST	I limped out of the room and back to the study .
tr	PAST	' Don 't be so impatient , George , ' Michael chided .
tr	PRES	It all helps with the running costs .
tr	PRES	" From the look of things , you just screwed a vampire . "
tr	PAST	" Yeah , but - " " Falcon 's been in love before , " he stated .
tr	PRES	" She deserves what I do to her . "
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Baby , we really need to hit the road , " Isaac whispers at me harshly from behind .
tr	PAST	His dad flicked the envelope a little closer to Dario .
tr	PRES	" You , just you , Katie . "
tr	PRES	I lean down and lick across it .
tr	PAST	" Alright , calm down , " he instructed himself .
tr	PAST	Scott slowed the truck and got his bearings before he turned left at the next dirt road and headed along the top of another slope .
tr	PAST	The task required intense concentration , which allowed him a brief respite from thoughts of her , a rare gift .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	With some quick and careful digging , I exposed the bulk of it , though the large tetrahedron and the deflated balloons still lurked below the surface .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetie .
tr	PRES	No raggedy cloth bears , cats , or critters of any kind . "
tr	PRES	" I bet you live somewhere even bigger than this , " Isaac teased .
tr	PRES	As if he were transporting a precious cargo ; it occurs to me that that 's maybe how he sees it .
tr	PAST	" $ 250 , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Maggie strained against me , her back tensed and bowed .
tr	PRES	" That brings me to my next question .
tr	PAST	None of the marks here matched the three she 'd spotted at Xavier 's murder site , but there had to be some connection .
tr	PRES	But even as I do , the fog begins to overtake me and turn to red .
tr	PRES	" And you stink .
tr	PRES	Please don 't cry , " he whispers forlornly .
tr	PRES	The door to her room opens and a nurse walks in .
tr	PAST	She dismissed that possibility .
tr	PRES	" The Lake . "
tr	PRES	" You , I belong to you , only you . "
tr	PRES	We arrive at the podium and the Director swings round and asks , " Food production place is good , yes ? "
tr	PAST	She tensed for a moment .
tr	PAST	Pulling away , she fanned herself with one hand .
tr	PAST	Once dressed , she regarded her reflection in the mirror .
tr	PAST	A few fluffy clouds floated in the deep blue autumn sky , and the sun shone down with its last warmth .
tr	PRES	I likes that word .
tr	PAST	Kyle and Baxter were leaning over her , their faces pinched with worry .
tr	PAST	Don 't do this , he projected .
tr	PRES	" What a dirty little mind you have , Kate Avril .
tr	PRES	After what feels like an eternity , Damian enters .
tr	PRES	He considers it to be the most dangerous object about to fall back to Earth , anticipated next year .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , holding up the bag of bloody meat .
tr	PAST	As he approached , he tensed .
tr	PAST	Wade extended an arm to her .
tr	PAST	I crawled out the top floor window .
tr	PRES	" The prophecy mentions twelve beings .
tr	PAST	Sheen shrieked while hobbling over to his friends on crutches .
tr	PRES	The vine that had been cutting into Elena 's wrist fel to the floor .
tr	PRES	" I await your pleasure , Lady Westfield . "
tr	PAST	My body exploded with pain as his hand collided with my skin .
tr	PAST	As if on cue , the baby exhaled into the air and flashed its fin and tail .
tr	PAST	She sobbed , helpless and angry , and more angry that she let her innermost feelings show .
tr	PAST	After Joel walked away , Aiden plopped down across from me , but it was obvious something was wrong .
tr	PRES	That bots blue stripes , that one 's rigged grating -- they all had been part of my creations .
tr	PRES	" But we - " Rebecca 's aunt began , suspicion flickering in the gray depths of her eyes as she glared at Rebecca .
tr	PAST	The boy was being carted off to the graveyard .
tr	PAST	She seized my neck painfully and pulled me into a fierce hug .
tr	PAST	" No , " he countered .
tr	PAST	As more villagers became aware of what they had done for Jon , the more gifts they received .
tr	PAST	I stripped out of my wrinkled traveling clothes , pulled on some sweats and a tee-shirt from my former life , and collapsed on the sofa .
tr	PAST	Rachel sniffed and focused her entreaties on Ethan , who seemed inclined to let her stay .
tr	PAST	He carefully selected one of the plump , glowing cherries and put it in his mouth .
tr	PAST	Jane 's eyes glowed red and she focused , feeding off the man and her own rage .
tr	PAST	And by the way the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end , I predicted it wasn 't good .
tr	PAST	I wrap my good hand around his strong neck pulling myself up to his lips .
tr	PAST	A story about jazz music featured the very artists he most often listened to himself .
tr	PAST	It would be the perfect time to announce their betrothal , " Renny secretly disclosed .
tr	PAST	" So your parents just named you Hunt ? "
tr	PRES	He stops in the middle , almost cocooned within the bushes and the tress , hidden .
tr	PAST	Dipping her feet in the water , she washed quickly , then sat in the sun to dry and wait .
tr	PRES	" Laurel Canyon . "
tr	PAST	With - " I opened the car door , nodding before he 'd even finished his sentence .
tr	PRES	Morrow cocked his head , his manner quizzical .
tr	PRES	" The rover ? "
tr	PAST	His head slamming into the metal bulkhead a bit as the shuttle shifted its direction suddenly .
tr	PAST	Kylie motioned to the quiet girl who had just sat down at another lunch table .
tr	PAST	" Please , " she begged again , tears in her eyes .
tr	PRES	Mia and Melissa pile in the backseat .
tr	PRES	A question stands on the tip of my tongue .
tr	PAST	Alan ambled amongst the boxes and shelves of weapons .
tr	PAST	Beth stiffened at the jeweler 's name , then sat up with a grimace of mingled pain and resignation .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hands .
tr	PRES	He returns with two steaming cups of tea .
tr	PRES	" We Knew We Should Stop , " Art whispers .
tr	PRES	" Little liar . "
tr	PRES	Nobody uses it very often , though . "
tr	PRES	If you remember , what occurs on this mission affects all of us . "
tr	PAST	My imagination conjured something with long claws bursting from under the hedges and snatching up a toddler .
tr	PAST	Ammonia and bleach stung his nostrils as he tipped the sweet tea into two tall glasses .
tr	PRES	Madam Veer 's final scream of frustration , fear and rage fading away .
tr	PRES	Monster or not , everyone loves to be entertained -- and Vegas was never short on that .
tr	PAST	Ryland 's men are clearing them out now , " Lily reported .
tr	PAST	Haw Shot swiped at Earl , sending him onto his butt into a wall .
tr	PRES	" Ah ah ah . "
tr	PAST	I absorbed that information and then changed the subject .
tr	PRES	My stomach flips over , but I continue .
tr	PRES	Then , Grandmother disappears around the corner .
tr	PRES	Food first , ominous Italians second .
tr	PRES	You belong to me .
tr	PAST	Looking at the baby tugged at her heart in an unexpected way .
tr	PRES	It matches adopted kids to their birth mothers .
tr	PRES	An Easter egg ? "
tr	PRES	" We " ve nothing to say .
tr	PAST	To my immense satisfaction , Calliope froze , her mouth forming a small circle .
tr	PRES	Then , the plane slows and then loses powers .
tr	PRES	" Oh , I really couldn 't , " the Irishman mumbled .
tr	PAST	" They don 't have the resources to track him down , " she countered .
tr	PRES	" What if she throws that up ? "
tr	PAST	Finally , a man shuffled forward .
tr	PAST	His phone buzzed and drew his attention from the window .
tr	PAST	Doyle touches the man on the shoulder and introduces us .
tr	PAST	A groan vibrated in his chest and the kiss deepened , his mouth suddenly hard and demanding .
tr	PAST	William chased him , only feet behind .
tr	PAST	His arms groped thin air , and he plummeted to the ground below .
tr	PRES	' The two daughters . '
tr	PAST	Emma collapsed on the bed , jostling a few of the RSVP cards to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Would you , Gil ? "
tr	PRES	Minutes later time ceases .
tr	PRES	I mutter the words of a calming spell .
tr	PRES	Ocean thermal energy conversion uses the fact that the Sun heats up the water at the surface of the ocean or any large body of water .
tr	PAST	Backups for virtual population destroyed . "
tr	PRES	" I 've been thinking about some things and I have some questions for you , " he states .
tr	PAST	Franco handled his end with the nimble guitarist fingers that had earned him the homage of the Clapton nickname , Slow Hand .
tr	PRES	My heart roars in my ears , adrenaline singing in my blood .
tr	PAST	Rose 's hands fisted at her sides .
tr	PAST	I whispered against his white collar , " Yes . "
tr	PAST	The great beast that was Subject Sixteen charged across the room and tore them asunder .
tr	PRES	" Right , " Vanessa mumbled .
tr	PAST	Presently , Thomas ' voice intruded on her consciousness .
tr	PAST	A dark , crackling , overwhelming energy snaked down her fingers into her arms .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... Jess .
tr	PAST	Goodness and Mercy bounced a shocked look off each other , then glared at him .
tr	PRES	My darling little niece ? "
tr	PRES	He slides it from my hand and kisses me on my nose then takes a step back , putting the phone to his ear .
tr	PAST	Pretty boy , " George mocked , grabbing a bottle of alcohol from under the counter .
tr	PAST	Tin Man may well have cost Jack 's electronics company millions to develop , but all I could see was a rather comical looking mechanical device .
tr	PRES	I race out of the armory , straight to the elevator .
tr	PRES	Then he crushed them beneath his chest , her lips beneath his , rubbing , thrusting , maddening .
tr	PAST	He stuffed a fry in his mouth .
tr	PAST	The soft sounds of the saxophone rendition of If I Ain 't Got You by Eric Darius filled the car .
tr	PRES	" What about Ash ? "
tr	PRES	" Prophecies swim in that blood .
tr	PAST	A few people volunteered .
tr	PRES	" Do you mind , luv ? "
tr	PRES	His strong legs straddle me and his mouth is suddenly on mine , rough and hot .
tr	PAST	She inched closer and glanced over Jeff 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Then the changes began , " Torin sighs .
tr	PAST	After Perez spoke Mike exhaled .
tr	PRES	In fact it is the most pathetic reason of all , my father falls prey to being a stereotype , a father who abandoned his family .
tr	PRES	" A whale ? "
tr	PRES	The shaman sees that he notices , but says nothing to reassure him .
tr	PAST	" There 's got to be something you do to relax , " I prod , trying to move the conversation on .
tr	PAST	The dogs leaped up and onto the planked walkway , sniffing .
tr	PRES	" I am outcast , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He frowns at me .
tr	PRES	Piers grimaces and the smile finally wears off his face .
tr	PAST	Her tongue sticking out between her teeth , she inched forward .
tr	PRES	And before I realize what 's happening , a vision from Abe 's mind slides in .
tr	PRES	What brings you back ? "
tr	PRES	Very fitting indeed . "
tr	PRES	The yellow arcade T-shirt highlights the blond in his brown hair and shows off the muscle tone in his chest and arms .
tr	PRES	Matt points toward the fight , which is about to escalate into a full-out brawl .
tr	PAST	None of us trusted the hunters .
tr	PAST	Then she slapped him and shoved him lightly away .
tr	PRES	He sighs , standing .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , smelling the scotch on my breath .
tr	PRES	" Six broken necks , " Quinn corrects .
tr	PAST	He limped back to the wall and picked up the heavy end of it , lugging it as far as it would go .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seven I slowly shuffled down the hospital hall clinging onto my Dad 's arm .
tr	PAST	She eyed the bag warily .
tr	PRES	His expression fills me with apprehension .
tr	PAST	He clutched his arms around his knees .
tr	PAST	He slowed down towards the middle of the room , drove up an incline and settled the rover on a raised platform .
tr	PRES	Before Kiara could thank him , he disconnected .
tr	PAST	" No , " sniffed Cathy .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " urged Nora .
tr	PAST	" Reporting as required .
tr	PRES	He gazes up at the sky , and a faraway look comes into his eyes .
tr	PRES	He flicks his tongue across it as he sucks , then moves to my other side .
tr	PAST	Then I attended school for two hours .
tr	PRES	" And for me , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" That falls under the heading of bar mayhem , not murder .
tr	PAST	Mary Elise wriggled in the seat to get comfortable .
tr	PRES	My mouth twitches with a smile , but I immediately straighten my expression .
tr	PAST	She approved the purchase order and then ran a report showing everything that had been entered into the system for the past thirty days .
tr	PRES	" If you say so , Your Lordship . "
tr	PAST	She stripped him of his suit .
tr	PAST	Within minutes , her skin glowed red but she still felt cold inside .
tr	PRES	A moment passes before he gets it .
tr	PRES	" Already running tests , " he mutters to himself , looking off toward the moonlit windows .
tr	PAST	" But God created people with gills .
tr	PRES	He swears and shoves me away as he puts his hand to his face .
tr	PAST	Marie slapped her hand on the table , causing Jess to jump .
tr	PRES	" Uh huh , " he mumbled awkwardly , her skirt again pressed against his face .
tr	PRES	His eyes never waver as he gently takes my hand and puts the blade to my palm .
tr	PRES	" Trig uses a set of atmospheric wave frequents , communicating back and forth between our cities all over the planet .
tr	PRES	" If only you could speak to me now , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	An apology replaced the stunned disbelief in his eyes .
tr	PRES	I assume you won 't tell anyone we 've talked . "
tr	PAST	He watched her head shoot up then she exited the chair and flew across the room .
tr	PAST	It shrieked through the cavernous hall as the heavy , blue curtain fell from its position high above the stage .
tr	PAST	Men who might be balding or impatient or nearly retired , but clearly the sought after stars there at Hillside . )
tr	PRES	That changes everything then , doesn 't it , " Aquitaine murmured , his tone dry .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes my hand , but instead of shaking it he brings it to his lips and delicately kisses it .
tr	PAST	Such tribe members received an elaborate funeral where they and everyone else would say whatever profound feelings or memories they wished to elaborate upon .
tr	PRES	My door shut with the solid echo coming back from the flat water .
tr	PAST	He hauled her into his arms and their mouths collided .
tr	PRES	" What kind of errand ? "
tr	PRES	The assassination attempts , maybe , or maybe something else .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand to each woman and pulled them to their feet .
tr	PRES	Was I shouting ? "
tr	PAST	He seized the spear and drove it in even deeper , then laughed in triumph as Ren choked on his own blood .
tr	PRES	He throws that rag into the hot coals too .
tr	PAST	She obediently pretended to fall to the ground .
tr	PAST	A pair of Chuck 's , covered in paint , adorned on his feet .
tr	PRES	The officer explains : " Many hospitals are already full .
tr	PAST	Heather tugged on her arm .
tr	PRES	Jackson lies there on his back unable to move .
tr	PAST	Marcie stowed the Flip back inside her handbag .
tr	PRES	" Shane , help me out , bro ! "
tr	PAST	His face crumpled and I couldn 't take it .
tr	PRES	The little community draws closer despite itself .
tr	PAST	She all but sobbed with relief as the sensations of his emotion faded from her own , and she looked him in the face .
tr	PRES	his damned Camaro ; beat up hunk a junk flyin ' ' round town .
tr	PAST	Nothing in him revealed what he was thinking with her accusation .
tr	PAST	I rushed over to Villiers , hands outstretched for an embrace .
tr	PRES	" So dramatic . "
tr	PAST	Then I weaved my fingers through his .
tr	PAST	Seeing her beautiful nemesis , her breath caught in her throat and her traitorous heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	The compact Frenchman quietly set about disposing of the late Boyd Duncan 's mortal remains .
tr	PAST	" How did you know I was here , " exclaimed Pierce , surprised and impressed .
tr	PRES	Her fist slows but doesn 't stop .
tr	PAST	When he nipped me with his teeth , I squealed , but it wasn 't hard enough to leave a mark .
tr	PRES	Warner 's face clears .
tr	PAST	" More like a cantaloupe split into two parts instead of merely exploded .
tr	PAST	" That 's a good idea , " Ja mumbled , slumping down on the floor behind them .
tr	PAST	He dealt out napkins , spoons , chopsticks .
tr	PAST	Albert motioned toward his table .
tr	PAST	" Okay , I lied . "
tr	PRES	A small doorway opens and I 'm in the attic .
tr	PAST	Quickly I related the events of a few hours past - glossing over the experience with Nic as best I could .
tr	PAST	He grunted an incredulous laugh so I attempted to pacify him .
tr	PRES	" You didn 't have to dress up just for me , " she teased .
tr	PAST	The short black dress she wore clung to her curves and her high heeled boots clipped on the ground .
tr	PRES	The overhead lights shone like silver in her dark hair .
tr	PAST	Mentally I berated myself .
tr	PRES	Sean pushes into me again and I push back .
tr	PAST	Less the stuff of nightmares and more the product of some abused child 's daydream .
tr	PAST	He extended his right arm and flattened his hand .
tr	PRES	Brielle does her lips , then passes me her strawberry gloss .
tr	PRES	His daughter likes blue and running people over .
tr	PRES	Violence belongs in the wild , where it 's every creature for itself .
tr	PRES	" About Shadows . "
tr	PRES	" What about Phillip ?
tr	PAST	With a roar from custom mufflers , the SUVs squealed into action and drove away .
tr	PAST	Connections and money ruled .
tr	PRES	It lets me know what people are really all about . "
tr	PRES	Without warning , he enters me in one long thrust , forcing a loud moan out of my throat as we slam hard up against the wall .
tr	PRES	" Uriel , " I yell .
tr	PRES	She stopped and listened as the sounds of silence settled on her , the woodwind sighs from the forest accompanying the muted pulse of rural life .
tr	PAST	Not carefully enough , he reflected now .
tr	PAST	Stars twinkled in her peripheral vision .
tr	PAST	My tongue flicked over my suddenly dry lips as I pried my gaze away from the bulge that was evident beneath the thin sheet .
tr	PAST	Jace also thanked Diego warmly for helping Cassidy out , then he hung up .
tr	PAST	She stiffened in his arms .
tr	PAST	Olivia 's frown deepened .
tr	PRES	He deserves the praise , though , not me . "
tr	PAST	" She accused me of thinking she would make a bad mom .
tr	PAST	Yes , the house cost .
tr	PAST	Then he prayed and after a pause , he read from Matthew eighteen .
tr	PAST	Reece restrained the urge to roll her eyes in response to the young maiden 's excitement .
tr	PAST	my lips uttered , in doubtful hesitation .
tr	PRES	Often it changes many times .
tr	PAST	The strumming slowed and began to fade as I listened and I sobbed uncontrollably against his chest .
tr	PAST	Steve shook his head , his face pinched in a deep frown .
tr	PAST	They stole Amy 's jewelry box and my two pairs of diamond stud earrings . "
tr	PAST	Michael ceased fiddling with his immaculate cravat and met his mother 's gaze in the mirror 's reflection before him .
tr	PRES	The waiter brings out our desserts and refills my champagne glass .
tr	PRES	He trades it for the rest of the money and departs .
tr	PRES	He mumbled , " Her wound is gone . "
tr	PAST	Lois playfully elbowed her , chuckled , and turned to go back inside .
tr	PAST	" This way , " he steered them up rocky terrain .
tr	PAST	Abraham awoke with a start and looked around in confusion .
tr	PRES	" Must be the sticky stuff , " mumbled Rose .
tr	PAST	When Chuck fell into the bushes beneath the window , his head exploded in pain but it was bearable .
tr	PAST	They opted that the forest would be the most enclosed place .
tr	PAST	Kim clutched the towel to her chest .
tr	PRES	" I assume he won 't be bothering us again . "
tr	PRES	Her nervous little glances .
tr	PAST	I refrained from rolling my eyes , but just barely .
tr	PRES	" My mistake , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" All smiley . "
tr	PAST	They eyed us with hungry curiosity , and Kenzie eyed them back , able to See again now that we were back in Faery .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens -- a gasp of pain -- although I cannot hear it over the flames and moans coming from the centre of the building .
tr	PAST	" We merged the yellow sand into a solid lump to keep the rest of the sand separate .
tr	PAST	He preferred to use stealth when possible , but that was looking less likely the more he looked .
tr	PAST	Diamond munched on a slice of bacon .
tr	PAST	But I restrained myself .
tr	PRES	It falls limp , and I crawl away until I can get back on my feet .
tr	PAST	An image arose , unbidden , in his mind .
tr	PRES	The desperation in his eyes eases slightly , and he lets out a short , confused laugh .
tr	PRES	Jeff bursts through the doors and interjects .
tr	PAST	The Roman sniffed and kept his voice low .
tr	PAST	" Hopefully I didn 't forget my floaties back home , " Patrick 's voice dimmed as we darted through the jungle .
tr	PAST	Fear coiled in the pit of my stomach and I wanted to vomit .
tr	PAST	His training dictated that he did .
tr	PAST	When James got arrested , I panicked and thought that maybe he would tell the police that I was the real killer .
tr	PRES	Alec holds his finger up to his lips to quiet us .
tr	PAST	Manuel exclaimed excitedly , " Monsters can think ! "
tr	PAST	Tristan tugged me into his chest .
tr	PAST	The way her voice and focus wavered .
tr	PAST	Veins collapsed , arteries shattered , and Tyler Drake shuddered and went down abruptly , sitting on the snow-covered ground , then toppling over to lie still .
tr	PAST	He scoffed at the idea .
tr	PAST	I froze , unable to move , unable to think .
tr	PRES	My hand floats up to the ring Gage gave me hanging from a thin thread of silver around my neck .
tr	PAST	The brakes squealed as the locomotive continued to slow down .
tr	PRES	I yell as I pound on the door .
tr	PAST	Jennifer squinted at Thalia a few times , but Thalia never noticed .
tr	PAST	Victor produced another sheet and rattled off more numbers as Rick leaned forward in his chair , listening and kneading his forehead with his knuckles .
tr	PAST	Rand gritted his teeth and strode into a hallway .
tr	PRES	He pins my wrists above my head in one of his hands and uses his legs to pin mine .
tr	PAST	Hot Rocks flicked his gaze around the beach , the cliff side , the tumble of boulders around them .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and stepped behind the chair .
tr	PRES	What holds you here anyway ?
tr	PAST	" Come with me please , Sir Monk .
tr	PAST	She prayed she wouldn 't have to kill Mary Ann to keep her from falling into his hands .
tr	PRES	The evils of feeding a dog table scraps be damned .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she whispers , so soft and quiet no one could ever mistake her voice for a boy 's .
tr	PRES	The Maker brings its huge and hidden new brain online .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes she just holds Mikal and cries .
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PRES	" I have no more time for this , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Please , please continue to wash me , she begged in her mind .
tr	PAST	" You 're already wet , " he rasped as he traced her slit over her panties .
tr	PAST	Alana doubted she was searching for a missing contact lens dressed in a corset and little else .
tr	PRES	Her back rises and falls in rhythm with her quiet sobbing .
tr	PRES	He dives back in .
tr	PAST	Matthew seized on the opportunity to let it be known that he had started seeing a girl friend on a regular basis .
tr	PAST	His green eyes glowed bright as the leaves of the tree rustled and the brown branches shook .
tr	PRES	She holds the real power .
tr	PRES	Hugging him tightly , another set of arms wraps around us both .
tr	PAST	As I watched , the child leaped to the altar beside me and covered me in an embrace , blood covering her small body .
tr	PAST	Stephanie had been so obsessed with him , he doubted she 'd so much as looked at another boy that entire year .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat and looks out the window .
tr	PAST	Janie hauled the first door shut , then threw herself at the second door , wrestled it open and dragged Roxy into a dim hallway .
tr	PRES	It lets you go and study at a school in a foreign country .
tr	PAST	It 's quite remarkable , ' exclaimed Alistair .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume she looks at her day planner . "
tr	PAST	Rachael , obviously less distracted than Chris , produced a small level from another pocket and set it on the top of the frame .
tr	PRES	What kind of guy brings home other women and lets them sleep in their clothes when they have a wife ?
tr	PRES	She reaches into my jacket pocket and pulls out my phone and starts punching numbers .
tr	PAST	Even though she was staring at the carpet , she froze .
tr	PRES	Thus they represent a door . "
tr	PAST	Kate bore down and focused .
tr	PAST	His face emerged on the other side of the glass window with a cunning grin .
tr	PRES	Lorena opens the door and stares at me oddly .
tr	PAST	Peering down at a sizeable scrape on my shoulder , I cringed .
tr	PRES	' Grounded eh ? '
tr	PAST	The desire deepened the blue color .
tr	PAST	I eyed the window again and started to automatically move towards it .
tr	PAST	Aly cringed , her shoulders coming up .
tr	PAST	The teenager 's little face collapsed as I watched her .
tr	PRES	I drag her closer , and our bodies rub together , wet and wanting .
tr	PAST	She experienced a moment of panic when she rolled over and realized she was no longer lying on the sofa where she had fallen asleep .
tr	PRES	Adel 's mother touches her husband 's hand .
tr	PRES	" Easy there , Jess . "
tr	PAST	The bird overheard screeched and I jumped , stuffing my cold hands into my pockets .
tr	PRES	When he still doesn 't answer , she begs .
tr	PRES	Eight sighs with good-natured disappointment .
tr	PAST	The doctor motioned for him to set it on the table by the windows and locked the door .
tr	PAST	They sped off into the night with her and I felt her leave .
tr	PRES	The room stank like pitch and fire , sulfur and the unmistakable taint of demon blood .
tr	PRES	Interesting observation , when the man was rather like a dangerous , cornered animal , lethal at any provocation .
tr	PAST	She fled to the bathroom , closed the door and leaning against it , smiling .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , a second later a tube emerged from the dark tunnel .
tr	PRES	Not with rock 'n roll , rebellion and generally looking cool .
tr	PAST	Over time three clans emerged and held sway over their territories .
tr	PAST	" Okay fine , " he mumbled beneath his breath , moving back towards me .
tr	PRES	She rips into the garment , revealing that he is wearing a flat silver disc hanging from a chain around his neck .
tr	PAST	His plan required an insider to help him .
tr	PAST	He retreated into an uncomfortable silence .
tr	PAST	And then the whole story exploded from inside Emma , desperate to get out .
tr	PRES	The problem lies inside me .
tr	PAST	News reports stated that Chaim had been arrested and that he was being detained at the palace .
tr	PAST	I pretended to mull it over as he drove .
tr	PRES	If she leaves , it shocks her .
tr	PAST	Vin froze , jaw hanging open slightly .
tr	PAST	He motioned her toward the elevator and scanned his security card .
tr	PAST	Chloe clutched Jack 's hand .
tr	PAST	Falconer leaped down from the boulder before the buzz of shocked questions was fully under way .
tr	PRES	" Almost eighteen . "
tr	PRES	All this ghost stuff still freaked her out and she wondered if she 'd have anymore unexpected visits from the spirit world .
tr	PAST	You simply acted on them .
tr	PAST	Sensation overflowed for a brief , shining moment .
tr	PRES	" By going to Florida ? "
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PAST	" A fiancee , " Dale countered , putting his arms around my waist from behind .
tr	PAST	Each glowed with a deep light , illuminating the windowless corridor .
tr	PRES	" He usually sneaks them in and out and thinks his father and I don 't see . "
tr	PRES	The traveler shone once at the caravan .
tr	PRES	Eric 's leopard eyes shone hot and green .
tr	PAST	Most guys dreamed of that .
tr	PAST	He inhaled a deep breath , then sank to one knee .
tr	PAST	She dialed Riley 's cell phone number and waited for him to pick him .
tr	PRES	" Forget it , Katy .
tr	PAST	A dozen strangers elbowed each other to scream at me , demanding questions and offering me thousands of dollars to sell a story .
tr	PRES	But as soon as the crimson faced Amy appeared in the control room Austin said , ' Right , your turn Katherine . '
tr	PRES	His hand slapping my ass .
tr	PAST	We slowed to a halt with a grumble and a rumble .
tr	PRES	" Would I assume that ? "
tr	PRES	He stops singing and reaches down to examine them .
tr	PRES	She sighs and tosses the phone back down on the bed , closing her eyes .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest .
tr	PRES	But I exist in Angel Time , and you 'll travel with me through that as well . "
tr	PAST	Then with his men behind him , many in awe , he charged over the bridge and into the fortress .
tr	PRES	" Not for me , silly .
tr	PAST	One squinted through a rifle scope , and after a moment , he reported , " Nothing .
tr	PRES	" Oh my gosh , " June begins sobbing .
tr	PAST	She risked a glance back as she pushed open the restroom door .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head to the side .
tr	PRES	I just nodded , my chin wobbly , and followed her inside .
tr	PRES	As he turned to leave , I begged him to hide my family somewhere safe .
tr	PRES	She sees him meet Marie Mallon about twenty yards away .
tr	PAST	" Come on , darling , " Sean urged her , holding her as he helped her clear the outskirts of the gathering crowd .
tr	PRES	" And without even saying hello ? "
tr	PRES	Later , the music stops and the lights come on and they shuffle slowly with the crowd to the doors .
tr	PAST	The desire to go over there and ask the man outright if he 'd heard of Enrique Ramirez vibrated like an engine in his blood .
tr	PRES	I ponder if it 's cuneiform , or if they spell words with individual symbols instead .
tr	PAST	Chance donned a pair of driving gloves .
tr	PRES	His eyes were still glassy , his face damp with both sweat and tears .
tr	PRES	The same applies for other members of my family .
tr	PAST	" Tomas instructed me to care for you .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked up and widened , meeting mine .
tr	PRES	" We cannot risk something happening to you over foodstuffs , " I hiss back .
tr	PAST	James squinted at his father .
tr	PRES	I just mumbled , " The road to hell was paved with good intentions . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , her pride and her hurt getting stronger with every word he spoke .
tr	PRES	He points over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Every imperfection I have stands out and I feel like a fat hobo .
tr	PRES	But if she really did belong to the mob -- even though he thought he had bought her -- where did that leave him ?
tr	PRES	But he loves both of you .
tr	PRES	Caitlin moved forward , her expression savage .
tr	PAST	The thought sobered her racing heart .
tr	PRES	" Your skin tastes so sweet . "
tr	PRES	" And you -- how is the harvest coming ?
tr	PRES	" Because my brother has a heart that he hates to own up to . "
tr	PRES	He rip you apart and use your head for a bowl ! '
tr	PRES	My gold hair falls from his fingers like rain .
tr	PRES	When neither of us responds , he sighs heavily and slings his bag over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Ronan didn " t recall her name .
tr	PAST	Her way of sitting , walking and moving revealed that she had a problem .
tr	PAST	Her head tipped back down and she remarked with wonder in her tone , " He 's a beauty . "
tr	PRES	For my enjoyment . "
tr	PRES	' Twenty-eight days , " mumbled Denison .
tr	PRES	Bobby sits down next to Daniel , then opens the book .
tr	PRES	The question wove its way through the stream of power .
tr	PRES	She belongs to the Priest .
tr	PAST	Alaric , who 'd just finished arranging the furniture , urged Stefan into his own padded chair .
tr	PRES	This changes the charge intensity inside and out and lowers the electric potential .
tr	PRES	" No dessert ? "
tr	PRES	Miriam padded off , starting to feel like a detective .
tr	PAST	They would have sniffed her out as the Fake Ali so fast she would have been locked up at the Preserve in no time .
tr	PAST	In the opposite direction , behind Andrei 's shop , the unremitting forest extended unceasingly to the west .
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PAST	" And you wrecked it .
tr	PRES	" I " ll stand guard for you . "
tr	PAST	On the other side of the glass , a hand mirrored mine , five fingertips aligning with my own .
tr	PRES	No more Dwayne ? "
tr	PRES	Only a female resident enters the building the entire night .
tr	PRES	I swing open the door and step out onto the shoulder of the highway , out into the rain .
tr	PRES	Ramona reaches over and pulls Milo toward her .
tr	PRES	" We need you , " Lisa begs .
tr	PAST	The four of them quickly exited the building and headed straight to the awaiting limousine .
tr	PAST	Brenda Wilson regarded him with her customary severely serene expression .
tr	PRES	" Slow down , " Tegan begged me .
tr	PAST	" Another little interesting coincidence we found , " Gwen announced , drawing Noah 's attention .
tr	PRES	" If you were ill , that explains a lot .
tr	PRES	" After all , " supported Stimpson , " innocent until proven guilty and all that , eh ? "
tr	PRES	He nods , some of his curls brushing my cheek , but quickly shifts the focus to me .
tr	PRES	The sensors detect our input and respond like a real missile .
tr	PRES	" Harlin , " I murmur between his lips .
tr	PRES	He glances up from the snow and I 'm relieved to see that he 's not high .
tr	PAST	Back at Marc 's house he motioned toward the couch , and I gratefully dropped there and was asleep in seconds .
tr	PAST	The ax faltered as if it were suddenly unsure of itself .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't there a reason for the saying ' opposites attract ' ? "
tr	PRES	Brittany returns with drinks , and then she and Courtney head out to the pool area .
tr	PRES	However , prejudices stem from both sides .
tr	PRES	Green flash , high beep , click .
tr	PAST	Just around that corner - Bluebeard eyed up the forest surrounding him and could see no corner .
tr	PAST	He slapped at Bobby 's shoulder wildly .
tr	PRES	she whispers with a desperate plea in her voice , begging me to explain it to her , begging me to understand it .
tr	PRES	Nathan hears my comment and says , " Oh man , it sounds like there 's an old hag in there .
tr	PAST	His lips curved towards a smile as he looked down at her , still taller even though he was in a slight squat against the wall .
tr	PRES	" In proportion to what ? "
tr	PAST	She exhaled and said , " Now , where was I ? "
tr	PRES	He shakes his head , his dark bangs falling into his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Does that ... hurt , Marsh ? "
tr	PRES	That step belongs to him .
tr	PRES	Often , we sing along .
tr	PRES	Confronted by a live , snapping dragon , he throws his daughter off his sled to sprawl in front of the beast .
tr	PRES	I wash my hands like nothing 's wrong .
tr	PAST	I extended my small innate talent for images , shapes and colors to build better web portals and branding for small businesses that I hardly care about .
tr	PRES	What if it stops that ? "
tr	PRES	Hurt , confusion , and uncertainty swim through my mind .
tr	PAST	" But we 're not diplomats , " countered Pierce .
tr	PAST	Evangeline exclaimed , her voice a high-pitched trill .
tr	PRES	" I confess I was mistaken : plainly men can be accustomed .
tr	PAST	" Some of us , anyhow . "
tr	PRES	Usually he teased me or cracked a joke , starting a battle of wits .
tr	PAST	Red regarded Vincent a long moment before giving a shake of his head .
tr	PRES	Without breaking eye contact , he slides his hands down my sides , feeling my little black dress .
tr	PRES	" Arid broccoli ! "
tr	PRES	Although they were not usually words of love more a big joke amongst the workers .
tr	PRES	" Don 't look so disappointed , " she teased as she pulled on her sock and shoe .
tr	PRES	He scoots one of the trays of food toward the empty spot in front of me .
tr	PAST	A negligence in shaving produced a short , thin beard that covered his pallid cheeks and precise chin with a dark shadow .
tr	PAST	Just then their waiter reappeared , and asked if they were ready to order .
tr	PAST	Her mind toyed with all the potential of the two of them , of the ways this moment could turn into many more .
tr	PRES	" Cassie stands alone with her gift . "
tr	PRES	Stupid , stupid , stupid , " I mutter to myself .
tr	PAST	By how much , he dared not even guess .
tr	PRES	" I -- I belong to another now . "
tr	PAST	Magnus proceeded to open every window in the loft .
tr	PRES	" Standard procedure , " she said , pul ing up his white tank top underneath , bearing his chest .
tr	PAST	She grinned maniacally , then flagged down a girl Emma recognized from English carrying a video camera .
tr	PRES	Creatures that lived in darkness , carrying matches !
tr	PRES	" It 's nice to see a girl with an appetite , " he teased .
tr	PAST	I thanked her again , and we left the salon .
tr	PRES	" A gold coin for your thoughts ? "
tr	PRES	he asked quietly , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" You 're all wet , " Grace mumbled into his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Someone 's watching me or something , " Colette mumbled .
tr	PAST	Grant stiffened at her answer .
tr	PRES	This stupid tray only holds 100 sheets .
tr	PAST	Sarah hopped in saying , " Let me tell you , that wind would freeze the brass balls of a monkey ! "
tr	PAST	Lily dismissed the possibility at once .
tr	PAST	The girl thanked him as well .
tr	PRES	" James - " " I know , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Rachel soaked up the warm comfort , the strong sensuality of his hands .
tr	PAST	Just thinking about him produced a sense of anticipation .
tr	PRES	" Who knows what your image is , Babe . "
tr	PRES	" I regard them as a pair of frauds . "
tr	PAST	I crawled out of his lap , ignoring the strain between us .
tr	PRES	She offers me a small smile and pats my leg .
tr	PRES	That I healed myself . "
tr	PAST	Ezio hurled Sofia onto the driver 's seat , smacked one of the horse 's flanks , and leapt on after her .
tr	PRES	Big , disastrous , Maddox trouble .
tr	PRES	The hostess approaches me .
tr	PAST	To be honest , she very much doubted Clement had told his sister anything .
tr	PRES	" Very nice , " Patrick mumbled , as his mouth was still full .
tr	PAST	She rummaged deep in her wallet searching for money .
tr	PAST	She doubted if hearing Holiday say she thought everything was going to be okay would take the edge off the fear , but she had to try .
tr	PAST	He glided over the marble floor in the hallway .
tr	PAST	Lucien still battled fits of despair , and yet they came less and less frequently .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the crate under his arm and gripped the computer case in his other hand .
tr	PAST	He dreamed of the day she 'd be back at the palace making him feel alive as no one else could .
tr	PAST	I limped along the corridor until I was standing outside my room .
tr	PAST	Gresham stomped past the girls and tossed two large cloth bags to them , each containing a long list of provisions .
tr	PRES	The catch in his breath , the low groan as I buck my hips up against him ... I 'm doing this .
tr	PAST	Adda motioned me to the door .
tr	PRES	Because that 's the only place you belong .
tr	PRES	It tends to piss off the target who then looks up ways to torture and kill the demon .
tr	PRES	Maybe literally , if they 've hidden the lab underground . "
tr	PAST	I leaped in his arms and kissed him .
tr	PAST	There , in the corner , a man lounged causally in a chair .
tr	PRES	I murmur as she leaves .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be o.k. , " he mumbled to Blake .
tr	PRES	He loves the sensation of speed and the feeling of weightlessness .
tr	PAST	She flicked her fringe away from her face , revealing her dark brown eyes .
tr	PRES	Jeanine 's family really loves the girls , and all in all , it 's a workable solution .
tr	PRES	but all of a sudden the kite lurches up in a strong gust of wind .
tr	PAST	He marveled at the beauty of the girls and wondered if the woman advertised could possibly be the same as the woman available .
tr	PAST	He stole a couple of quick peeks as the second and third wagons rolled inside .
tr	PAST	* I dreamed of chanting witches , of Kimber laughing and of a beast roaring .
tr	PRES	As he leans into my free hand which is caressing his cheek , his beatific face softens and his perfect lips lift into a begrudging smile .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I hedged a little .
tr	PRES	She flicks up her hand , and a blast of air sweeps past me , blowing my hair around .
tr	PRES	The moon lies under her feet . "
tr	PRES	Grandpa throws his arms in the air .
tr	PAST	Sadie exclaimed in some bewilderment .
tr	PRES	Mortimer , Mort , Mo. " He shrugged and moved to the table , adding , " Or make up a pet name for me . "
tr	PRES	" No one talks about them unless I ask .
tr	PRES	" With scars and bruises all over , with half of them healed .
tr	PRES	Scientists discover dozens of new species every year . "
tr	PAST	He hacked again and dug a handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe his mouth .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it unusual for foreigners to be allowed to travel alone , Ma ? "
tr	PAST	" Think about what Chaplain Stewart has said , " Lieutenant Commander Kyle urged .
tr	PAST	Helen blanched at the enforcer 's bragging and exchanged a concerned look with Alice .
tr	PRES	Francesca hobbled over to give him a hug .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , then shook his head .
tr	PAST	Gran pinched her cheek .
tr	PRES	" Tell me what happened , " he finally whispers .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not all that tired , " he lied .
tr	PAST	In no universe had he predicted his day would turn out this way .
tr	PRES	His thumb flicks over my clit and I cry out in pleasure and surprise .
tr	PAST	" I mean , " he said , " Tessa Gray , Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife ? "
tr	PAST	She leaned back , her weight propped on her canted arms .
tr	PAST	" We 're going to do this , " Lucas stated .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a large object strikes him , bouncing off his shoulder blade like a wayward fastball .
tr	PRES	No one holds you accountable for this . "
tr	PAST	I bounced into the ring and faced the mean judge , whose frown only deepened when he watched me .
tr	PAST	An eclectic mix of people represented the different nations .
tr	PAST	He risked a look over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	And he always wears gloves .
tr	PAST	He slapped Taylor on the back , almost knocking him over .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the booze , Dad , " I add , tipping my cup in the general direction of our hometown .
tr	PRES	Stop fuckin ' movin ' ! "
tr	PRES	" Eva King , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Everyone at the table hollered , " To the American Empire !
tr	PRES	" Very nice manners , young man , " she comments .
tr	PAST	Smoke rising from others revealed a few were getting a head start on barbecue season .
tr	PAST	They indulged themselves in their adoration for each other for quite some time before they pulled back , breathing hard .
tr	PRES	I mean , who pays for ten minutes even if they 're not shooting people ?
tr	PAST	He briefly compared her to Jenny .
tr	PRES	" Good night , darlin ' .
tr	PRES	" The letter that was with the will states a detective or other ranking police officer has to be present at the reading .
tr	PRES	" They all connect . "
tr	PRES	" That 's why he had so much power , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	Sweat beads on my forehead .
tr	PRES	She holds out the protective hedge as if she were making an offering .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not , " she lied .
tr	PAST	Not fearing for his own safety , but instead he feared for the mercenaries and the bloodbath that would ensue .
tr	PAST	I tip my head , considering .
tr	PRES	Madam DOB blocks the archway , ignoring the roaming belle , drones to him .
tr	PRES	A door slams behind me and Levi strides out of his room and across the barnyard to assist Bob with the balloon .
tr	PAST	Luna 's comments mingled with everyone else 's as they all gathered in the entry hall in a tableau similar to the one when he 'd arrived .
tr	PAST	Raising her chin in defiance , she announced , " I 'm fine , " in a strong clear voice , the tears gone from her eyes .
tr	PAST	The head commando tugged the locker 's handle and yanked the door open .
tr	PRES	She removes the knife from his hand and places one of the silver pens into it and squeezes his hand so he grips it tightly .
tr	PAST	They swooped towards the spirit and the statue .
tr	PRES	" Come and get me , Drake . "
tr	PAST	" You Scots invented them . "
tr	PRES	Amber stands down in the front row , talking and laughing with another girl .
tr	PRES	it , Lord Clumsy , that 's what it was , I was a victim of Lord Clumsy , the man hates me . "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth together .
tr	PAST	Veronica giggled as she rapped her nails on her desk .
tr	PAST	He pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes shut , then took a long , deep breath .
tr	PRES	" Nice smack talk , Ri , but let 's see how you race .
tr	PAST	I propped myself up on an elbow and reached out a hesitant hand to touch him .
tr	PAST	The missiles were being readied for other duty .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Darren mumbled , and Danni almost jumped out of her skin .
tr	PRES	Ice monsters and an ancient , beautiful evil await .
tr	PRES	She gasped , her eyes floating closed , her lips parting , as he touched her .
tr	PAST	Carrie yawned , and I could tell how exhausted she was .
tr	PRES	He misses you dreadfully . "
tr	PRES	It stands to reason that fear would be the most motivating tool at their disposal and they use it with a gleeful vigor .
tr	PRES	The economic and social changes you propose shaft responsibility and the management of power .
tr	PRES	His warm breath tickles my neck .
tr	PAST	She almost pitched over onto her face as her foot struck something solid behind the chair .
tr	PRES	Lowering my hand , I shuffle twelve paces across to the right and find the wall opposite .
tr	PRES	The steel was polished and blue , the wooden checkered grips shone with oil .
tr	PRES	The colors of the Painted Maidens shine bright under the glittering minerals of the cavern hallways .
tr	PRES	" She 's probably just a friend , " Nan offers , unconvincingly .
tr	PRES	" Box seats ? "
tr	PAST	Lavina relayed the information and glanced down the hill behind .
tr	PAST	He jolted a little with surprise , then he let out a moan of pure pleasure .
tr	PAST	Wren squinted , like she was thinking about it .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens , and nothing but a series of choking sounds emit before she takes off .
tr	PRES	Hanging up the telephone , he wraps his arms around me .
tr	PAST	The aftertaste of power swirled behind a door on the opposite side .
tr	PRES	" Good , good , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	His vision dimmed and blurred as the impact sent him reeling and stumbling backward some ten paces before he fell to his rump .
tr	PAST	My brother 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PAST	He held out the envelope to me , his heavy hand shaking a little , those washed out blue eyes of his begging .
tr	PRES	A very tall thin woman stands holding her hands behind her back .
tr	PAST	Livvy , however , piled on the details .
tr	PAST	I sensed that someone else was at my back and risked a quick glance to see that it was Pam .
tr	PRES	" Ironically , doing one causes the other . "
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed again .
tr	PAST	His gaze circled the expansive arena one more time .
tr	PAST	Her face blanched as she realized that was exactly what she 'd been hoping for .
tr	PRES	Tad produces a piece of paper from behind his back .
tr	PAST	The room quieted down immediately as Cleaver stood , prompting those assembled to follow suit .
tr	PRES	I lean on the doorframe , watching him as he concentrates on fastening the links .
tr	PRES	" Dad , my feet hurt , " mumbled Marlon , looking at Ted .
tr	PAST	Nigel thanked the landlady with a thousand on the way out .
tr	PAST	Venus withdrew as though she 'd been slapped , then folded her arms across her thin chest .
tr	PAST	' Then maybe you should ask her , ' Cole advised , his forehead creasing in warning .
tr	PAST	Jones unbuttoned the shirt and took it off .
tr	PAST	Pain washed over me in a thick , red haze , but I fought against it , refusing to be dragged down into an unconscious abyss .
tr	PRES	" As soon as I can repair these parts , we can steer the ship again , " he explains .
tr	PRES	" Agreements exist between the witches , elves , spiders and the Little Folk .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something that , to Cece , sounded like a string of expletives .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms tighter around myself , my head still fuzzy , and shuffle behind her into the large room .
tr	PRES	She lays her free hand on her chest .
tr	PAST	Just when he was ready to go look for her , Camille emerged wearing a sheer black negligee over a bikini of the same color .
tr	PAST	" I 've been kind of screwed up , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth at the pressure on his groin .
tr	PRES	Then the engine revved .
tr	PAST	I unclipped the magazine from it and hoped that meant it had no bullets left .
tr	PAST	Anton thanked her with a wink , which sent her over the flustered edge .
tr	PAST	" The master wants the prophet , Were , " the vampire stated the obvious in a frigid voice .
tr	PAST	His skilled hands caressed her curves with disarming familiarity .
tr	PRES	I crack it and listen .
tr	PAST	Whatever the answers to the questions raised by Peter 's revelation , it bothered Claire that his story had changed .
tr	PAST	Without warning , he experienced a strange sensation like a spasm in his skull .
tr	PAST	I slap her hard across the face , leaving a red mark of my hand print across her cheek .
tr	PRES	It just drips where it will .
tr	PAST	I crouched , so our eyes were level .
tr	PAST	As much as he wanted more time with her , she obviously preferred to go home .
tr	PRES	" Kyle and Mark , then Kay , " I grumble .
tr	PAST	Candles twinkled and a low gas fire glowed in the big central fireplace .
tr	PAST	Our tickets cost a little more than anyone else 's because of it .
tr	PAST	Eve froze with forks in one hand and knives in the other .
tr	PRES	In my dream , the night stars shone bright enough to light the landscape despite the thick canopy of the trees .
tr	PAST	Her heavy breaths fogged the air between them .
tr	PAST	He rumbled something incomprehensible .
tr	PAST	It served no purpose in the trick except to look impressive , like , This only appears to be a difficult trick .
tr	PRES	But she holds up a hand .
tr	PAST	Young women wearing beautiful gowns in soft pastel colors and men in dark coats mingled together under the watchful eyes of their chaperones .
tr	PAST	By silent agreement , we skipped the elevators .
tr	PAST	Her sweet breath fanned across my face , stirring that insanity inside of me .
tr	PRES	" Man , you stink . "
tr	PAST	" That 's it , " she suddenly exclaimed , standing up and flinging away the Vogue .
tr	PRES	" A lawyer . "
tr	PRES	His Alma Mater returns the ensuing kickoff .
tr	PRES	Let 's analyze . "
tr	PAST	We exited through the door and the cold wind whipped around us , blowing our hair up around our faces .
tr	PAST	For her , painting required a wide spectrum of emotion .
tr	PAST	" Good , " the doctor announced , and placed the instrument on Carol 's back .
tr	PAST	That described it better than anything else .
tr	PAST	" In fact , you referred to the pooling of turpentine as a spill .
tr	PRES	Fuck , fuck , fuck .
tr	PRES	When Will glances up for a second , she blushes bright red .
tr	PRES	" Kat - " " We need to hear him out , Daemon .
tr	PAST	Julian still appeared casual , but beneath his calm exterior she sensed a rising tension inside of him .
tr	PAST	Kaitlyn 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	She unwound the bandage from the hand that Dr. Reinhardt had previously sliced open ; it was almost healed .
tr	PAST	She pretended to consider .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through mine .
tr	PAST	" One of you will join your friend , drained into my urn so that your souls will replace the ones you cost me .
tr	PAST	Morrow tipped his head toward the woods .
tr	PRES	Crawley finally stands up and faces the bench .
tr	PAST	Without the angry roar of the flames , the dungeon plunged into silence .
tr	PRES	" I provide the enticement .
tr	PRES	Lila stands up and stretches her legs .
tr	PAST	Digging into his pocket , he produced the camera chip and inserted it into the slot .
tr	PAST	His earlier enthusiasm dimmed .
tr	PAST	I fan my hand in front of my face .
tr	PRES	Not a word more than the usual lies that he knew would get him out of the room and back to the carpentry .
tr	PAST	And a fresh wave of panic shattered my brief sense of confidence .
tr	PAST	The cold white drifts piled in the doorways and filled the fireplace , swirling into the air like ash .
tr	PRES	" I think Zander is lying to me about something , " I blurt out before I can change my mind .
tr	PRES	She lets out a choked sound and her hands flutter at her neck .
tr	PAST	A smug smile curved her lips as the memories from the previous night flooded through her .
tr	PAST	I posted a sentry and had six others out of sight of the College , in plain clothes .
tr	PRES	She scoots up and I step into the bathtub and slide down into the water behind her .
tr	PAST	Instead , he tugged his art pad out from my hands and tucked it back into the glove compartment where it was safe .
tr	PRES	I steal a look at his face .
tr	PAST	For the first time in his eternal existence Gideon experienced a sharp flare of fear .
tr	PAST	Sarah clutched at her skirts as the wind plastered them to her legs .
tr	PAST	They both collected Hummel figurines and wore the same pale blue Crocs .
tr	PRES	He stands and stretches his legs , then squats down again .
tr	PAST	He donned the coat quickly and stepped to greet them .
tr	PRES	Deb presses her son .
tr	PAST	I grunted slowly as he had knocked my breath with a punch to my stomach .
tr	PRES	" You went to University Jewelers , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	He bothers me more and more .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Love .
tr	PAST	Three years after the visit to my grandfather , Nazi Germany invaded Czechoslovakia .
tr	PRES	Prospero waves , and one of the guards brings me a similar one .
tr	PAST	" They 're cutting trees , " she reported quietly .
tr	PRES	" Huh , I don 't think your friend likes me very much , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't until a loud and terrifying roar could be heard coming from below , my body froze .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" What priest ? "
tr	PAST	I motioned toward Ty .
tr	PRES	She flicks the riding crop between her thighs .
tr	PRES	I crouch low , balancing .
tr	PAST	" Sofia , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	Morton tipped an invisible hat to Dr Jensen , and left whispering a barely audible ' thank you ' as he strode towards the door .
tr	PAST	Then I retreated and let him fall from my mouth .
tr	PAST	" You 'll know , " Terry reiterated .
tr	PRES	" Whirl for me , Dervish , whirl ! "
tr	PRES	" She talks about saving her sugar coupons to make a cake and walking for miles to save on gas . "
tr	PRES	Straightening in surprise , Serena folds her hands together .
tr	PRES	Captain Hulls , who has been very nice , helps me out of the harness and out onto the sandy ground .
tr	PRES	Courtney winks at him .
tr	PRES	" Unfortunately , your theory matches evidence we found in the ice caves .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I murmur into the phone .
tr	PRES	he offers with a smile , as if he can read my mind .
tr	PAST	She dove for her clothes .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms wide .
tr	PAST	Every full belly in the hall churned at the thought of Odin 's hunger and thirst .
tr	PAST	The two men exploded into action .
tr	PRES	Evie 's hands snap to her hips as she fixes a glare on Olivia .
tr	PAST	The cover of the barrels and crates provided some advantage in a firefight , but not enough for comfort .
tr	PRES	His lips part and as his voice slides out , my heart nearly stops .
tr	PRES	I wipe my eyes and shrug .
tr	PAST	Even the notoriously fickle Melbourne weather dealt us a nice night for a change .
tr	PAST	I scoffed , unlocking the truck so both of them could climb inside .
tr	PRES	He mouths , " I 'm sorry . "
tr	PRES	I huddle in my tent , thinking over Haymitch 's words .
tr	PAST	Miranda tugged her shirt .
tr	PRES	But the point remains .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes and tilts his head .
tr	PAST	She flicked her wrist and the sword she now held sung as it sliced through the air .
tr	PAST	She dared not move .
tr	PAST	I just prayed that if he was coming after me , he would show up soon .
tr	PAST	Until one woman wrecked all of his expectations .
tr	PAST	, I replayed my little drama of the afternoon .
tr	PRES	What about that necklace ? "
tr	PAST	" He would 've been crazy not to , " Danni countered .
tr	PAST	" I went to talk to Captain Black Sam , " John stated coolly .
tr	PAST	Locking his back teeth , Drake gritted , " Why aren 't you healing ? "
tr	PAST	I roamed the halls , searching for Sofia .
tr	PAST	His frown deepened as he stored the semiautomatic at his back and faced her .
tr	PRES	" He loves you . "
tr	PAST	He stole it . "
tr	PAST	Orson steadied himself and opened his eyes .
tr	PAST	Walking around outside , she marveled that the two pine trees in the front yard had managed to grow so large .
tr	PAST	He protected me in the only way he could for two years . "
tr	PAST	Joseph crawled onto the bed .
tr	PAST	He announced , " John is going to be assigned to the Adventurous , Bradley to the Tenacious and Megan to the Suspicious ! "
tr	PRES	She likes being my enemy .
tr	PRES	They soon starting selling the items they stole to purchase the crystal meth they needed instead of liquor .
tr	PAST	The demon swooped out once more .
tr	PAST	He groped to explain ; he owed them the effort , at least .
tr	PAST	The eddy slowed and he tilted precariously .
tr	PRES	... but not brave enough nor perceptive enough to see the full implications of his emotional outburst . "
tr	PAST	" Speak for yourself .
tr	PAST	Obviously relieved by her friendliness , he sniffed .
tr	PRES	" Clear as many of those spears from Walker 's path as you can . "
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me .
tr	PRES	She points to where all my boys are sitting around the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and smiled .
tr	PAST	She giggled to herself .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Cape Town ? "
tr	PAST	Instead , you hauled yourself here in order to make a marriage proposal .
tr	PRES	The fault lies with them . "
tr	PAST	He scooted a half full mason jar and a spoon encrusted with sugar toward her .
tr	PRES	I huddle in my seat , glad to be away from Ivy .
tr	PAST	She inhaled his scent , musk and man , mixing with the outdoors , and she wanted to crawl into his skin .
tr	PRES	" Did you feed the fish ? "
tr	PAST	" Foolish woman , " I joked and he laughed .
tr	PAST	You stole the key to my locker and took the envelope .
tr	PAST	He droned on and on for another half hour about Sandy .
tr	PRES	she teased and was glad when he took it in the humorous way she 'd intended .
tr	PRES	I exhale dropping my hands into lap like a princess .
tr	PRES	The wind rips tears from the corners of her eyes .
tr	PAST	In fact , in September of that year , I believe , I received a request to send more sample .
tr	PRES	The trek passes in near silence , and it 's all downhill , another mercy .
tr	PRES	I was just looking for the ass , " I mumbled as I stared at his butt .
tr	PAST	he chimed in when she made a stymied gesture around the dreamily lit space .
tr	PAST	" Judges , " Luna then stated , her voice very solemn and deep .
tr	PRES	" How many Queens ? "
tr	PAST	Natalia , Angelica , Sasha , you three stay inside .
tr	PAST	Rachel asked , voice pitched higher than she herself was accustomed to .
tr	PAST	The bearish frame of the NASA administrator emerged from the dark .
tr	PAST	Susan 's young voice piped up .
tr	PAST	A foot away from impact , the wolf leaped onto the hood , his massive claws piercing through the metal .
tr	PRES	I slowly upright at my waist then slap my hands , together .
tr	PRES	She deserves that respect . "
tr	PAST	At that precise moment , the butler collapsed and a footman exhaled thanks to God while servants slumped against the walls .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the lab in Darwin very late .
tr	PAST	Cale 's fingers caressed her arm .
tr	PRES	" She belongs to Roth . "
tr	PRES	He holds up his fist and punches Sean .
tr	PRES	Back thru the swamp . "
tr	PRES	Who brings their animal to a premeditated crime ?
tr	PAST	Jennifer Tilley announced her engagement a few weeks later .
tr	PAST	But we always steered clear of those kinds of troublemakers - they were just in it to cause a scene .
tr	PRES	she mumbled into the covers .
tr	PAST	Her pointed fingernails swiped out like talons , leaving bloody scratches down the side of his neck .
tr	PRES	Their dizziness , plunging them into a timeless oblivion .
tr	PAST	He sniffed at it carefully , as if somehow expecting it to taste better than the one he 'd had the day before .
tr	PAST	Callum exited the bed and pulled her rigid body into his arms .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed quietly and there was a shift .
tr	PAST	Maria slowly caressed her hands around Connor 's face .
tr	PAST	Patch hooked his elbow around my neck and pressed his lips fiercely to my forehead .
tr	PAST	Daniel entertained these thoughts but never slowed his pace .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the fragrant steam .
tr	PRES	She apparently loves the attention on her .
tr	PRES	" Baby Jessie . "
tr	PRES	" Kiss her better then , jackass . "
tr	PRES	Thumbs said as he shook me awake , his red face alight with excitement .
tr	PAST	' And feared it , after you told me what you found in the tomb of Alcatraz the First . '
tr	PAST	It glowed a little brighter , its light reflecting on the trunks of the surrounding trees and leaves .
tr	PRES	The entire room falls silent .
tr	PRES	He remembers most things I tell him , and forms new memories without too much issue .
tr	PAST	Then he danced with Thalia again .
tr	PRES	Love and certainty shone from the bride and groom .
tr	PRES	It brings back too many bad memories .
tr	PAST	His finger tipped her chin upward , causing Rema to reluctantly gaze into his eyes .
tr	PAST	He steered her toward the bed and pushed her gently until she sat perched on the edge .
tr	PAST	I yawned and stretched .
tr	PAST	He sensed her smile in the darkness .
tr	PAST	I doubted anyone would ever find it .
tr	PAST	She exhaled a tired breath that made her shoulders slump .
tr	PRES	" And their legendary powers ? "
tr	PAST	" I created the Order of the Will after I gained the knowledge that the god of being and non-being were the same .
tr	PRES	" Quickly , " Francesca whispers .
tr	PRES	My fingers tickle and tease her , my thumb running just inside the back of her jeans , feeling the strap of her thong .
tr	PAST	Ed 's translator related the comment to his opposite .
tr	PRES	The man reaches down and grabs my shoulders tight .
tr	PAST	A surprise awaited him when they arrived at the Museum of Glass .
tr	PRES	The last thing I wanted to do was scare her off .
tr	PRES	He points to me and punches a fist toward his face , but he 's grinning when he does it .
tr	PAST	More challenging than the first , though , and his score reflected that .
tr	PAST	* * * The top level of the research station proved to be entirely abandoned -- of living things , if not of furniture and materiel .
tr	PAST	She stiffened then , tossing her chin in the air like I had offended her and turned to Jericho .
tr	PAST	I charged through the door and out onto the patio .
tr	PAST	Amanda froze as she heard something .
tr	PAST	Her blush deepened and she ducked her head .
tr	PAST	We twirl over and over both her fingernails scratching my face .
tr	PRES	Its enticingly beautiful yet peculiar color dyed the world .
tr	PRES	Come and let me love you completely , ' she begged .
tr	PAST	His stomach churned and he turned away .
tr	PRES	" Like opening a pressure valve .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall , my legs too weak to support me .
tr	PRES	A fraud and a cheat .
tr	PAST	As Louisa reached the top of the towering tree , she froze .
tr	PRES	He talks to us , wants to know what we think , even if we are just grunts from the front lines . "
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned the Botkin 's jacket and pulled the strange fabric back .
tr	PAST	She urged Nick over .
tr	PAST	As always the two most important people in his life , Blake and Carolyn visited him every day .
tr	PAST	They often experienced the world through very different senses .
tr	PAST	* Stephanie received a call from Blackburn to say that Gerry Walton had passed away and she broke down in tears .
tr	PRES	She walked back to her book , her hair shimmering with those little pink glitter specks that I 'd come to know .
tr	PRES	Echo stares at me .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through Maggie .
tr	PAST	A twitch flicked in the corner of his eye .
tr	PRES	Finally , I hazard a glance up .
tr	PAST	He sort of chided me .
tr	PRES	Bob stares into the wall , not answering .
tr	PRES	She mumbled thanks as she ignored her sister 's final comment .
tr	PRES	" Father , you fret too much over this .
tr	PRES	" Please Jack , spare me the injured pride .
tr	PRES	I shout over the noise .
tr	PAST	Leonardo produced a packet of papers , which he handed over .
tr	PRES	He fills me , pure heat .
tr	PAST	He seized it and pulled it free of the others .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone in the shadows of the grave .
tr	PRES	The phone stops ringing and I tuck it into the back pocket of my shorts .
tr	PRES	His warm palm presses down on top of my panties , and he begins to lightly massage me .
tr	PAST	But Alex dared not move .
tr	PAST	Two black squad cars chased close behind .
tr	PAST	Then he screwed up the chip paper and left the shop .
tr	PAST	He announced heading for the back door .
tr	PAST	boomed the Caterpillar after she had shrunk down to his size .
tr	PRES	' Hold , wench ! '
tr	PRES	Grinning , I lean forward to kiss him again .
tr	PAST	I charged into the line and grabbed Ben and shoved him into the nearest wall .
tr	PAST	Slowly , Terry unzipped the top , produced the shining sphere , and handed it to Spike .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and bore it as well as she could .
tr	PRES	He strokes his long grey beard , allowing them a chance to relax and be still .
tr	PAST	Sam advanced , but left space between the two of them .
tr	PAST	Lily tugged at the roped muscles along his legs , forcing him to step back away from the counter .
tr	PAST	After that , the queen 's daughter treated him like so much trash caught between her talons .
tr	PAST	Ion gritted his teeth , a sharp growl building inside his throat .
tr	PAST	She acted like nothing happened .
tr	PRES	" Hurry , " Nicole whispers , and the line goes dead .
tr	PAST	Rachel thanked the Almighty for the diversion .
tr	PRES	" Her fiancé . "
tr	PRES	" Water seeps down through the mountain , and it picks up small amounts of certain minerals along the way .
tr	PAST	( yes yes yes ) ( I have killed twelve for you , alpha . )
tr	PRES	She slams the door to my face but I pass through it .
tr	PRES	They describe our science and technological endeavors as an ' investigative schism ' ; a myopic effort to punch our way out of a paper bag .
tr	PAST	" Please , " I begged , wondering frantically what Roland wanted me to do .
tr	PRES	She deserves far better than me , but she 's hard to walk away from .
tr	PAST	So abruptly dad bounced off of her .
tr	PRES	A hand taps on her shoulder .
tr	PAST	The illustration on his hand now glowed largely on the ground .
tr	PRES	His four fingers covered her neatly trimmed , soft pubic hair , damp from her arousal and the intense heat of her body .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , he motioned for the smallest of the Pack to go into the chute .
tr	PAST	Kaz and the five runners charged around the side of the building , running toward the hole .
tr	PRES	You and your buddy drag it out here or we 're gon na ' tear the place apart . "
tr	PRES	" The morgues were full hours ago , " she explains .
tr	PAST	Above , the plane banked in a circle over the ruins .
tr	PRES	" A photograph . "
tr	PRES	When it doesn 't answer , she sighs .
tr	PRES	She couldn " t take that risk .
tr	PRES	I cheat when we gamble . "
tr	PAST	I feared that my prize was going to get away .
tr	PAST	No sounds intruded from outside her room .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	This - " her grin broke free again " - protected the contents .
tr	PAST	When the locker opened , the cop plunged her hand inside and pulled out a kitchen knife .
tr	PAST	Calvin and Danny carted all the gear into the hall and onto its stage fabulously decked with lighting system and PA. ' Let 's get started ? '
tr	PAST	A steady stream of red taillights and white headlights going the opposite direction painted a scene of gridlock below .
tr	PAST	Outside , the rosy light of dawn glowed over the eastern hills .
tr	PAST	The three of us piled out of the car , and I hugged Henry 's arm as James led us down the road .
tr	PAST	Once she 'd melted down and napped , she transformed back into her own sweet self again .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her spoon and wondered how to ask a question she knew wouldn 't sit well with a warrior .
tr	PAST	Kylie giggled , remembering how Derek had blushed when his mom had straightened his hair .
tr	PRES	The ancient Indian philosophy offers answers but not amenable to finality in a way science accepts .
tr	PRES	While Julia and Running Deer are still sleeping , Jon stands up from his chair and Daniel walks over to him .
tr	PRES	The old man begins yelling again .
tr	PRES	" All this for an airplane crash ? "
tr	PRES	Robert dreaded having to meet that crowd .
tr	PRES	He wears a black hooded sweatshirt with the hood up , gray cotton sweat pants , and white running shoes that are dirty and worn .
tr	PAST	He fled through lakes of light and into darkness again , his face a mask of terror .
tr	PAST	" I want my mother , " she rasped .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Isabella . "
tr	PRES	" And they sell it in a Fleet Street wine bar ? "
tr	PAST	" Not yet , sweetheart , not yet .
tr	PRES	We exist outside of time , so we don 't change just because a few thousand years have passed . '
tr	PAST	Another Shadowhunter rose to her feet , a woman with dark hair piled on her head .
tr	PAST	This only served to swell the loss of productive tempo .
tr	PRES	The sweet sighs and moans that rose from both of them , intertwining .
tr	PRES	" And your Hall ? "
tr	PRES	He tries making light of it , but I just can 't smile .
tr	PRES	' But more importantly , Sire .
tr	PAST	She quickly casts her expert eye over the gloves , her puzzled frown unmistakably spelling out to me that she knows they 're perfect .
tr	PAST	" I 've got it , " Kevin announced from her rear .
tr	PRES	Plus , even though she won 't admit it , she hates being away from you . "
tr	PAST	She nuzzled her ear into his shirt 's fabric .
tr	PAST	Panic lingered , but when nothing happened after five minutes , she chalked it up to imagination .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side like an inquisitive cat .
tr	PAST	A good chunk of the roof collapsed , crashing down around Tucker 's ears .
tr	PRES	" He likes you . "
tr	PRES	My imagination supplies the details .
tr	PRES	He glances up from his book and looks at my face , then down at my shirt .
tr	PRES	The song changes , then changes again .
tr	PAST	They flocked to them for services such as hunting and killing , having realised the true value of their supernatural powers .
tr	PAST	It rustled into place as if he had never been .
tr	PAST	Instead , she blamed it on brain damage and took me for a cat scan .
tr	PAST	I cringed , expecting to be attacked , bitten , mutilated , but nothing happened .
tr	PAST	" Well ... " Bilson faltered , " I 'd be lying if I said I knew what I was doing . "
tr	PRES	Everyone likes her and she 's working the mom thing .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	He eyed her with uncertainty , as if gauging her next move .
tr	PAST	It exploded into loud bark .
tr	PAST	The drum major looked befuddled .
tr	PAST	Her walk finally slowed as she came towards the end of the hill .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed with a mixture of surprise and cynicism .
tr	PRES	" This concludes my briefing .
tr	PAST	The thud of feet on the rock sidewalk leading up to the porch announced new arrivals .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes .
tr	PRES	Violet rises from her chair .
tr	PRES	You crave the power that I have .
tr	PRES	He snaps his fingers and the vines on the tree branch begin to slither , looping toward us .
tr	PRES	Fear still shone in her eyes , but he didn 't understand what she was afraid of .
tr	PRES	Grind the graham crackers in the food processor ( one package at a time ) until they are very finely ground ( like flour ) .
tr	PRES	" A spanking ? "
tr	PAST	She had fought for him , dared to cross into Lycan lands to rescue him .
tr	PRES	" He likes poetry . "
tr	PAST	My dad 's eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	His mouth lingered over hers , robbing her of breath , of air .
tr	PRES	Talk till one of us falls asleep and it 'll be just like we 're together . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , master .
tr	PAST	tossing him from the property with only a window smashed by Essex throwing a bullet through it as a farewell gift .
tr	PAST	Jake crooned as two loud burps emerged , then nestled the baby back in his arm to continue the feeding .
tr	PRES	Now on the defensive , Crawley lets his own frustrations out and tries to shift the blame to where it really belongs .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PAST	You named the voices ? "
tr	PAST	Luke squinted at her .
tr	PAST	The locksmith unfolded a black cloth wallet and took out several slim pieces of metal .
tr	PAST	It glowed with concern .
tr	PAST	She clasped her arms around his neck and buried her head into his chest .
tr	PRES	And the door bangs open .
tr	PAST	He flicked one drop of Andrea 's blood onto a slide , closed another over it , and eagerly went back to his microscope .
tr	PRES	" Ellery Prep sells boxers .
tr	PAST	What if somewhere in the family tree you created by ensuring Lucius Fitzsimmons lived there was a horrible murderer that killed someone and destroyed another family tree ?
tr	PAST	A voice screeched from outside as the sound of squeaky breaks came to a halt .
tr	PRES	A salty thaw washes the grime from cracks in the ancient buildings , leaving them clean as old crazed crockery .
tr	PRES	Kent presses his lips together , and I 'm certain that he doesn 't approve .
tr	PAST	His obvious preoccupation bothered her .
tr	PAST	Dr. Stuart exclaimed when we entered , hurrying forward to hug Rigel , then me .
tr	PRES	" What panties ? "
tr	PRES	" Dance with me , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	" I readied your horse , " he mumbled , gesturing toward Celine .
tr	PAST	The good , bad you experienced on the project .
tr	PAST	The demon leaped onto the prone dealer , gripped his head , and twisted , and all the noise stopped abruptly .
tr	PAST	" She may be right , " Tally stated quietly .
tr	PRES	" Under different circumstances ... " he lets it trail .
tr	PRES	" Because Maya trusts him , and we need her . "
tr	PAST	" Be silent , McDonald , " the king reprimanded .
tr	PRES	I squeal and jump into his arms , wrapping my arms around his neck .
tr	PRES	Then he enters the strange world of the Japanese exhibit .
tr	PRES	As I speed walk to keep up with her , my phone buzzes in my pocket .
tr	PAST	" Just call him Bob , " she giggled as she watched the rodent float in the garbage can .
tr	PAST	" But after that I found a picture of Sheridan stuffed under the seat of Owen 's truck . "
tr	PRES	" Your little stunt with the rock .
tr	PAST	His twisted plan unfolded and I feared him .
tr	PAST	A semi rumbled past , muting all other sound .
tr	PRES	Pat worriedly glances my way .
tr	PRES	In about ten years from now , on one of his visits to England .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through a nearby cupboard and produced three earthenware cups .
tr	PAST	Again , Claire sensed a certain amount of resignation , which was a change from before .
tr	PRES	The beams of setting sun shone through our fingertips .
tr	PRES	" Is everything ok ? "
tr	PAST	I soaked in her words wishing they were more comforting .
tr	PRES	Aimee releases my hand and adjusts herself .
tr	PAST	His arm fidgeted against the lab table and his hand inched upward , ready to rise the moment they decided .
tr	PAST	Then we split up and for some reason you suddenly found peace .
tr	PAST	His wife swam lazily out of it directly into deep kelp .
tr	PRES	He snuck glances her way , wondering what she could possibly be thinking about .
tr	PAST	Dean tugged at a rectangle of steel mesh covering a window and it came free .
tr	PAST	This was Ronan , head cocked , keen as his raven .
tr	PAST	We collected the few belongings we had and put them on our backs , everything fitting into a single bag .
tr	PRES	Sir Horace often disappears into his secret room , so Aunt Tabby wouldn 't know the difference .
tr	PRES	It curves around to his chin .
tr	PAST	Tink quickly swiped the screwdriver across the metal lever in the opposite direction and the wall returned to it 's original , natural , position .
tr	PAST	An agent named William Dominica approached and said he was going to speak with Victoria .
tr	PRES	Then , more strongly , urgently , " How about you ?
tr	PRES	" Why so glum ? "
tr	PRES	More lies to add to the pile .
tr	PRES	' We Love charity !
tr	PAST	He trudged fifty yards up the road , then something made him turn and gaze at the upper levels of the old Long Shot Hotel .
tr	PRES	It belongs to me . "
tr	PAST	The bottles shattered on impact , the noise surprisingly loud in the quiet suburban night .
tr	PRES	1 nearly ruined both our lives . "
tr	PAST	She prayed she wasn 't trapped .
tr	PRES	" He gets a hundred grand , " Jared mumbled .
tr	PAST	He conjured a steaming fresh blackberry pie topped with French vanilla ice cream .
tr	PRES	I add , taking a step towards her .
tr	PRES	Phoenix " GET OUT OF THE DAMN CAR . "
tr	PRES	He flinches as if I slapped him across the face and I grit my teeth .
tr	PAST	She grappled with the edges of the wet afghan , succeeding only in loosening the folds further and nearly flipping herself sideways off Matthew 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	Jackie swallowed hard , her appetite fading by the second .
tr	PRES	" I missed you , " he murmurs kissing me softly in the middle of my chest .
tr	PAST	An enemy that looked like us , tricked us into thinking they were like us .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the thought of it .
tr	PRES	" It 's off , dumbass .
tr	PAST	Her bare feet swinging an inch from the floor , she crumpled the crisp sheets between her fingers to keep from checking the bandage on his temple .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into hers .
tr	PRES	He stops and looks down at me and both of his hands cup my face .
tr	PAST	The moon soon replaced the sun and stars dotted the clear night sky , untainted by the orange glow of the built-up areas .
tr	PAST	The central keep rose before him , its flat roof now caved in .
tr	PRES	She forgave me , and I was her little boy again .
tr	PRES	" It stops right here . "
tr	PAST	He served the ruler of Second Earth as a frontline soldier in the war against death vampires .
tr	PAST	Mary Jo doubted she 'd stay asleep once the fireworks began .
tr	PRES	Eyes closed , she brings them back .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe it ? "
tr	PAST	To double-check , she pinched herself and was relieved when she felt the sting .
tr	PRES	She hates your kind and will never allow me to wed you .
tr	PRES	Won 't you confess to your crime ? "
tr	PRES	" That amongst most things . "
tr	PAST	I propped my feet up and leaned against the throw pillow to face Evan .
tr	PRES	As I consider pulling over , the guilt seeps in again .
tr	PRES	Jacob whispers , so low that no mortal could have possibly heard it , and yet the killer reacts instantly .
tr	PRES	" This tastes disgusting . "
tr	PRES	He danced closer than decorum decreed , even between husband and wife -- especially between husband and wife these days .
tr	PRES	" And sexy as sin . "
tr	PAST	The motor rumbled loudly under the corrugated shed .
tr	PRES	" Well , that remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	Her heart overflowed with happiness .
tr	PAST	Across the street , a German officer lounged on a wrought iron chair .
tr	PRES	Her tires squeal as she tears out of the parking lot , and I 'm left standing barefoot and panting in a cloud of exhaust .
tr	PAST	He chugged the rest , wiping his mouth with his sleeve .
tr	PAST	His human ears flattened in a way human ears shouldn 't , and he backed away from her .
tr	PAST	The Queen ceased talking , and launched herself into a few offensive swipes and dashes .
tr	PRES	Her long bangs fel into her eyes as she procrastinated .
tr	PAST	" It takes a lot to make me come unglued , " she stated with calm pride .
tr	PRES	And then slowly , he returns the bow .
tr	PAST	" There , " Lok caressed my face after I 'd consumed half of what they 'd brought to me .
tr	PRES	" Fuck you , Joey . "
tr	PRES	My sister Louisa pens the funniest things . "
tr	PRES	Every other door remains closed , tight and dark .
tr	PAST	She bounced right off of him and landed on the ground .
tr	PAST	Monika giggled at the little joke and looked around the cell , but she didn 't see Basha .
tr	PRES	My head throbs , remembering the threats and the feel of his fist against my jaw .
tr	PRES	He snaps at me .
tr	PRES	" And what about Caden ?
tr	PAST	Janie dialed Crystal 's extension .
tr	PRES	It 's all lies and you know it !
tr	PAST	Jeff 's phone vibrated on the table .
tr	PAST	I rewind to the night in my bedroom when he listened to me , and he helped me , and he saw me through .
tr	PRES	" It was only a dream , you baby , " I mutter to myself .
tr	PRES	Scary , but impressive .
tr	PAST	Remember the last time you tried to have a relationship , but got dumped . "
tr	PAST	Lee stuffed his hands in his pockets and looked away .
tr	PAST	He zipped the dive bag and grabbed the handles .
tr	PAST	" Move along , " he announced from his floating disk .
tr	PAST	They proceeded in silence for a few minutes .
tr	PAST	To the left of the giant compound a large , slow moving stream bubbling past some rocks .
tr	PRES	Slim metal rods pierce her nose , lower lip , and left brow .
tr	PRES	He clears his voice and peeks at me as he mutters , " That was Ty . "
tr	PAST	Then I cinched a red patent leather belt around my waist on my way down the stairs .
tr	PAST	A bit of his showmanship dimmed , but the wit and lazy amusement that constantly cloaked Dorian remained .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PAST	I wriggled free from beneath them , and pulled the Queen out after me .
tr	PAST	I think that 's it , " Devin floated away on her back .
tr	PRES	Freaky Pete spoke , his voice a bass rumble .
tr	PAST	No one doubted the source .
tr	PRES	" But what of Parliament ? "
tr	PRES	His voice filters into my conscience mind .
tr	PAST	The attempted insult , as predicted , resulted with the boy that had spoken casting another quick glance to Simon 's left .
tr	PAST	Even though they were only a year or two younger than her , she classified them as boys in her mind .
tr	PAST	I crawled towards Vincent , the room blurry in my vision .
tr	PRES	We just got that in , " the salesgirl begins .
tr	PRES	He fel back several feet , and I hit the floor once again .
tr	PRES	Her mouth falls open at the sight of us on the floor next to the body of the Sentinel .
tr	PAST	The surprised lift of his brows pinched her with guilt , but she would make it up to him .
tr	PAST	Nurse Potter zipped the tent behind me as I entered , then directed me to a small bench .
tr	PAST	To my amusement , Eva stole the phone from her husband and regaled me with anecdotes about her pregnancy .
tr	PRES	He tastes different here , wilder , sexier , though I didn 't think that was possible .
tr	PAST	He stiffened all over again , saying , " If you feel a shred of guilt , I will rescind my offer . "
tr	PAST	" I lent him this a while ago .
tr	PRES	" Uh-huh , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Go scratch your itches with some slut who doesn 't care she 's a sexual Kleenex .
tr	PRES	He still tries , God bless him .
tr	PRES	" Oh , um ... nothing . "
tr	PRES	They spun a story about a Vampire going feral , killing the librarian , and rampaging after you , " Elis explains .
tr	PAST	She withdrew some money from a nearby ATM , headed to the road and waved to a taxi that was driving by .
tr	PAST	Got it from an unreliable source .
tr	PRES	If my Iseo remembers . "
tr	PAST	I tensed , distraught by his physical closeness , but he put one long finger over my mouth to silence me .
tr	PAST	" So many years of preparation destroyed in a night . "
tr	PAST	" Mommy and Daddy lived together for two years before they got married , " Jasmine announced from across the table .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains a lot .
tr	PAST	Chris eyed Devon wearily , his eyes dark and brooding as he joined Melissa .
tr	PAST	Her eyes twinkled as she smiled at Golden .
tr	PAST	They washed his hair first , grimacing at the bits of slime and ooze that came out .
tr	PAST	I glided through his thoughts , my head tilted on one side .
tr	PRES	My mom lets out a heavy sigh .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think anything , " I mutter , hating that I feel connected to both of them .
tr	PAST	Finding them , he donned them as quickly and quietly as possible .
tr	PRES	" Let 's , um ... Gather ' round , children . "
tr	PAST	I mumbled , dropping my eyes .
tr	PRES	Taking part in these assignments helps you gain magick and grow stronger .
tr	PAST	" He squealed every time we slipped in the mud and went down . "
tr	PAST	She eyed the spear , then put the bowl on the table and retreated .
tr	PAST	She squinted , as she got closer , more than likely because of the strong luminance the stone was giving off .
tr	PAST	" I protect what 's mine , " he gritted out .
tr	PRES	I assume your welcome visit wasn 't purely to debate council matters ? "
tr	PAST	I cleaned the smear away with my tiny hand , concentrating on that simple task , trying to ignore the feeling of being abandoned .
tr	PAST	As he ran , Azul rotated his staff in circles above his head while shouting words to difficult to distinguish over the battle cries and roaring wind .
tr	PRES	I lean back to look at her .
tr	PAST	" So you know you 're going to be an aunt soon , " Clara announced , beaming .
tr	PAST	What weird thing prevented Linda considering him romantically ?
tr	PAST	His image floated in the jumble of light and shadow , making her wonder if this was a dream .
tr	PRES	" You ruined my best friend , Claudia . "
tr	PAST	He clutched his wife 's hand a little harder and smiled , his lower lip quivering some .
tr	PAST	But they either roamed free or got dead before I got any recollection of em .
tr	PRES	The anger creeps up and I lash out .
tr	PRES	It belongs to her , now .
tr	PRES	She hates to leave the Institute . "
tr	PAST	He stuffed a bottle of rubbing alcohol and bandages into the backpack .
tr	PAST	" I stole them from Wesley 's chamber .
tr	PRES	Own your sexy self , " I teased .
tr	PRES	I signal the bartender for another beer just as Jenna settles in beside me .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Reid .
tr	PRES	" It lets me catch a glimpse of your heart .
tr	PRES	Plutarch enters behind me .
tr	PRES	I prop myself up on my elbow and yawn , scanning the room for evidence of Noah .
tr	PAST	" So , I told the recruiting officer some things that would make it so the Army wouldn 't want me , " " You lied ? "
tr	PRES	" A target ? "
tr	PRES	" He loves your mother . "
tr	PAST	The red dot glowed brighter and she could see the streak of laser light bouncing off the dust particles floating about in the grimy basement air .
tr	PRES	" Your dad loves you and Cori .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER FIFTEEN " YOU DID WHAT ? "
tr	PRES	He glances up at me and the anguish in his eyes makes it hard to breathe .
tr	PRES	" Cute , " Avalon mumbled under his breath .
tr	PRES	" And , of course , Spanish . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Graham .
tr	PAST	Four men sought refuge in the livestock barn where they held out for fifteen minutes before surrendering .
tr	PRES	Was it fate ? "
tr	PRES	Finally it begins to slow down , and a few minutes later , the sheep stops running .
tr	PAST	It stole his breath .
tr	PAST	Carol experienced a moment of panic as his gaze seemed to strip away the last shreds of her pride .
tr	PAST	" Don 't ask me how I did it , " she joked .
tr	PRES	The boy stands silently and takes us all in .
tr	PRES	I yawn , extending my arms above my head .
tr	PRES	He relaxes a little , like he 's been waiting for the invite .
tr	PAST	His lips pinched together , and I wondered if he was talking about Charlotte , and if he knew what his father was doing to her .
tr	PRES	The sound of its fury lies buried in the wind .
tr	PAST	Sticking to business and his plan to keep her close to him , he outlined his idea .
tr	PAST	His arms itched to close around her now .
tr	PRES	I snuck a glance at him .
tr	PAST	Arcadian custom dictated that he enter her while she was like that .
tr	PAST	As she glanced over it , he scooted the Stephen King book underneath his backpack .
tr	PAST	They instructed anyone with a passion for the arts , regardless of class or upbringing .
tr	PAST	His hand caressed my ass before coasting down my thigh and then back up under my dress .
tr	PAST	Then he dismissed her utterly , mouthing his formal greeting with his full attention focused on Neela .
tr	PAST	Having not seen him all weekend she pondered whether he 'd left her following the argument .
tr	PAST	Lauren shrieked , pushing the tray back and shaking her head at the same time .
tr	PRES	Zander falls against the side of the truck and presses his hands to his face .
tr	PAST	When my name was called , I dusted off my hands , climbed the chute , and got into position .
tr	PRES	Callum My heartfelt lighter than it ever had .
tr	PAST	He quit after two seasons and went to Canada .
tr	PAST	Jake eyed Nicole silently .
tr	PAST	Lexi instructed me not to open my big mouth . "
tr	PAST	Her phone beeped with the sound of a text message .
tr	PAST	" I will help you , " he crooned , stroking his hands down her back as a loving father would .
tr	PRES	Dad glances up from his medical journal , the glasses ready to slide off his nose .
tr	PAST	" All the minds floated around our world unconsciously .
tr	PAST	The governor of Utah accompanied him .
tr	PAST	All based on conjecture when your own adherence to our laws has been spotty at best . "
tr	PRES	They rip the guys off me and start pummeling their rivals .
tr	PAST	That created tension whenever they were together . "
tr	PRES	Christina stands , her legs slightly uneven , and lifts both arms .
tr	PAST	The three of them dove to the edge , lying on their bellies to scan the fire bellow .
tr	PRES	On Earth , however , the aging process occurs much quicker .
tr	PAST	" It 's nothing , " Meg lied .
tr	PRES	Focusing , I mutter the correct phrase and set it sliding free .
tr	PRES	Blackjack stands between his men , raises both his arms and points his pistols down both corridors at the same time .
tr	PRES	I swing my axe with mere muscle memory .
tr	PAST	Her contraction subsided and the death grip she had on my hand finally released .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked around the room we were in .
tr	PAST	They ambled about the house , with the casual air of people with no clear goal in mind .
tr	PAST	The next hitter smacked a ball so fast toward first that it hit Alex 's glove before she could track its path .
tr	PRES	On one side lies a fall to that rock bottom I 'm so familiar with and on the other is the fall that just ends it all .
tr	PAST	I trudged down the hallway to my room .
tr	PRES	Malcolm clutches his forehead .
tr	PRES	' Look , ' Dorothy whispers suddenly , tugging at my hand .
tr	PAST	She froze , bombarded by conflicting thoughts .
tr	PAST	They lounged around listening to African pop songs blasting from boom boxes .
tr	PAST	Corrado scoffed , leaning back against the booth .
tr	PAST	She shimmied back up his body , examining his injuries as she went .
tr	PRES	" If I did , you wouldn 't hear the best part , " he teased .
tr	PAST	She then commenced bashing madly at any connected pipes she could reach .
tr	PAST	He broke free of the woman , hands cuffed behind him , and jumped to his feet .
tr	PAST	She prayed the disturbance might rouse someone who could help her .
tr	PAST	I smacked my palm to my forehead .
tr	PAST	She hopped out of the bed , shaking off petals as she went , yawning as she glanced at the window .
tr	PRES	Using my shoulder , I lean into her father and yank him out of the car .
tr	PRES	I strive to be wholly original , Miss Bates . "
tr	PAST	But he seemed to be so busy concentrating on the road , she doubted he could think of anything else except for speed limits and stop signs .
tr	PAST	Michael acted out the part and pushed Allen away .
tr	PRES	No lip balm , but I was lucky with the other tucked in my pocket .
tr	PAST	Three years ago , Meredith had fractured her leg when she was on a skiing trip with her cousins in the Blue Ridge Mountains .
tr	PRES	Reaching a thundering halt upon thon tree the capsule spills its contents of those within .
tr	PAST	' Don 't spy on me , ' he reprimanded .
tr	PAST	A scarlet blush crawled up Soren 's neck .
tr	PAST	I sniffed a little , my tears slowing .
tr	PRES	All of it lies ! "
tr	PAST	He absorbed her scent , testing it .
tr	PAST	She willed her eyes to stay locked with his .
tr	PRES	" No one likes clowns anymore . "
tr	PRES	Says your mobile 's off . '
tr	PAST	I washed my hands and joined my mother and Morgan .
tr	PAST	We downed our tea in silence and then decided to call it a night .
tr	PRES	" Letters , contracts , lists .
tr	PAST	Chin slapped his papers down on the table .
tr	PRES	She slides down the last few feet , landing unsteadily .
tr	PRES	He suddenly sees Sarah standing close by , perhaps listening to what should be a private conversation .
tr	PAST	Dark whispers taunted him .
tr	PRES	" Are you surprised , sweetheart ? "
tr	PAST	I wriggled toward the edge of the bed , with my eyes closed still .
tr	PRES	Sykes holds out his hands .
tr	PRES	An OLD LADY taps on Jack 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	As Greg had expected this cheered Hazel up .
tr	PRES	She disappears into the hall .
tr	PAST	Just then the door beeped .
tr	PAST	We stuffed ourselves with black-eyed peas and collards and sweet potatoes like candy .
tr	PRES	He brings out a Starz magazine .
tr	PRES	" Well bye . "
tr	PAST	From one end of the room to the other , hoses snaked across the cement .
tr	PAST	The feeling of a string about to be cut vibrated out of the house .
tr	PRES	shampoo , " MacNeil mumbled .
tr	PAST	Clothes racks , chests of drawers and carton boxes neatly organized the diverse men 's wardrobe .
tr	PAST	Ronald Richardson quit last week and Harold Rogers was ... well ... let go , shall we say .
tr	PRES	Her traditional dress matches that of the other thieves , complete with a white cloth concealing her face .
tr	PRES	" Hi Ken . "
tr	PRES	Don 't start throwing your money away , though , because you 'll be paying me a fifth of everything your ship brings in . ' '
tr	PAST	His lantern shattered against the floor , spilling flaming oil into the room .
tr	PAST	Memories of César 's blood on her tongue taunted her to near insanity .
tr	PAST	I squinted off into the distance .
tr	PRES	He sighs , knowing I can 't tell him without me having to explain everything .
tr	PRES	She straightens up from vacuuming one of the sofa cushions , then just stands there , looking back and forth between us .
tr	PRES	The hunger in our kiss steals all my thoughts away .
tr	PRES	" Your highness ? "
tr	PAST	An experienced Nightmare Child named Robert Klein , who knew when to fight and knew when to run .
tr	PAST	It rotated , displaying the glimmer of its various facets .
tr	PRES	Toby braced himself , ' Yes , sir .
tr	PAST	She received a slap from the Falcon and the pitcher fell from her hand and broke on the floor .
tr	PRES	" And maybe a total body massage , a nap , an hour-long shower and a TV marathon of How I Met Your Mother . "
tr	PAST	Electricity tickled up and down my spine .
tr	PAST	Alanna 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He sees me and waves .
tr	PAST	We designed them to work for our glorious government under our supervision until we are ready for them to work for our own project .
tr	PAST	My finger itched on the trigger .
tr	PRES	I disagree with you , if you 're all fat , then you 're perfect for roasting .
tr	PAST	A cold hand clutched Adam 's gut .
tr	PRES	He rises slowly from his seat .
tr	PAST	Finally , everyone had stuffed themselves and Mom brought out the pies .
tr	PAST	She thanked everyone as they took their seats , waiting for the staff to bring out the food .
tr	PRES	' Du n no , mate , and don 't care .
tr	PAST	Monty must have sensed my fear because he tried to reassure me .
tr	PAST	He collapsed and began to be trampled by the robotic soldiers .
tr	PAST	She awoke crying and spluttering but lucid .
tr	PRES	Her hand delved under his shirt , her nails raking the cool skin of his back .
tr	PAST	Pandora gritted her teeth before saying " I don 't want one , Dad . "
tr	PRES	It tastes about the same as the hospital coffee .
tr	PAST	She and Devlin crouched over the man , who was mumbling incoherently and clutching his chest .
tr	PAST	Old-fashioned , heavily carved wardrobes and dressers .
tr	PRES	Malvern considers all this .
tr	PRES	" May I refresh your tea ? "
tr	PRES	He chuckles then shuffles out of the diner and disappears down the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	He holds undergraduate and graduate degrees in Business Administration .
tr	PAST	Woo sensed his discomfort and laughed .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	After her taste of freedom she dreaded the thought of being shut away underground again .
tr	PRES	I lean into her , our breaths mixing and creating heat , eyes so close I can see her pupils dilating .
tr	PAST	He cringed and his eyes squinted in pain , then he said , " Now .
tr	PAST	Isaac cocked an eyebrow at him impatiently .
tr	PRES	She opens it , grinning shyly .
tr	PAST	Seems everybody panicked at this point .
tr	PAST	Probably highlighted the words yourself .
tr	PRES	I fold my hands together in my lap and press them together tightly .
tr	PAST	" The House of The Spirits is also one of my favorite books , " he stated , his face pleased .
tr	PAST	His dry laugh mingled with the cacophony of frogs and crickets .
tr	PRES	Serena tries it , letting the flavors roll around in her mouth .
tr	PAST	Her arms circled his neck and she relaxed into him as he powered the chair onto the dance floor .
tr	PRES	Not a single soul enters this town without your knowledge .
tr	PRES	Why , most of your classmates have already secured advantageous matches . "
tr	PAST	Long after he 'd awoken , the dream lingered far too vividly .
tr	PRES	" Oh fuck . "
tr	PRES	He stares into my silver eyes .
tr	PRES	" His wife snuck it in there . "
tr	PRES	It chilled me even more that he wanted my approval .
tr	PAST	Hanna scrolled back to the beginning of the conversation , dated July 1 .
tr	PRES	" What a shame .
tr	PRES	He sees you as too young for him .
tr	PAST	He grunted , there in the darkness , because he didn 't know what to make of her , either .
tr	PAST	He clasped each side of my face in his large hands , his soulful eyes searching my face .
tr	PAST	As if sensing his concern but misunderstanding the cause , she regarded him with a lift of her brows .
tr	PRES	He considers freedom of speech and expression a paramount value central to any society that wishes to ameliorate its woes .
tr	PRES	" Sunday , Kim , " Jared said , cal ing after her .
tr	PRES	An image of Marshall sealing his lips over mine flashes through my mind .
tr	PRES	Getting up to walk out to their ship , Morgan begins talking again .
tr	PRES	" Tyler and Shannon : Wedding Bells ? "
tr	PAST	Sitting cross-legged on his bunk , he frantically rummaged around in his pack .
tr	PRES	If it kills her , it destroys itself .
tr	PRES	" He still owes us for breaking the lease . "
tr	PRES	" Kindly describe them for me .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to yank Jeff by the collar and shake him like a dog .
tr	PAST	He much preferred being out on his ranch , in the cold , crisp air of a Wyoming spring .
tr	PAST	Once again , she plunged into the very depths of Damon 's mind .
tr	PRES	I stopped , my shoes slapping into the dirt .
tr	PRES	Our dinner passes in peace and quiet .
tr	PAST	Pride stiffened my spine .
tr	PRES	You on your own , singing on your own , just being Johnnie . "
tr	PRES	And I confess I 'm glad to hear you say it , as well .
tr	PAST	My head smashed into the earth and I wriggled up sputtering earth out of my mouth .
tr	PAST	" I was wondering when she 'd be back , " I stated .
tr	PAST	Everyone around me cheered , thinking the battle won .
tr	PRES	I snap back to reality and push back hard .
tr	PAST	The detective zeroed in on Raja .
tr	PAST	Mom eyed my faded University of Wisconsin t-shirt .
tr	PRES	" So ... are you a cop or a security guard or something ? "
tr	PRES	Out of scrubs , she wears a red holiday sweater , and it makes the paleness of her cheeks stand out even more .
tr	PRES	" No more than I represent a convention of Saints .
tr	PRES	Ainsley furrowed his hair as he went on , his strokes and pulls harder .
tr	PAST	His hair tickled her fingertips , not silky like Jace 's but fine and soft , and she shouldn 't be thinking about Jace .
tr	PRES	" No one can here you , sweetie , but I do like it when you scream .
tr	PAST	She slowly withdrew her hand from his , her cheeks turning a delicate shade of pink .
tr	PAST	She clasped his fingers for a reassuring second before nodding .
tr	PAST	His hand circled the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	As we run around it occurs to me that we must be having a party that night .
tr	PRES	I relax a little .
tr	PRES	She loves you . "
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PAST	I crawled to the edge to peer down at him , but saw only the crystal liquid cascading below me .
tr	PRES	" Hi sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	I grappled for air as it left my lungs .
tr	PAST	When my fingers rested there , he froze .
tr	PRES	He draws them to himself , and slaughters them at his leisure .
tr	PRES	I lie flat on my stomach and slink into the narrow cave , my feet clumsy and graceless .
tr	PAST	He eyed it thoughtfully for a moment before putting his hands to it and starting to climb .
tr	PAST	When I got to the Stage of Truth the music wavered ; bluegrass turning bad .
tr	PRES	Emily pushes me hard , landing me flat on my back in a patch of orange dirt .
tr	PRES	Jackson pulled me close , his eyes gleaming with humor and love .
tr	PAST	The tiny bells on her anklet chimed as she folded her leg under her .
tr	PAST	For months , Mudd 's Swine Taxi operated without incident .
tr	PRES	But he swears he had nothing to do with Miranda , and so far his alibi for that night checks out .
tr	PRES	He misses his sister . "
tr	PAST	Jessica sobbed as they passed .
tr	PRES	I punch him in the jaw and I hear a crack .
tr	PAST	I smacked him lightly and got up , hanging my purse on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	The thought lingered , but he managed to put it away , partly out of frustration .
tr	PAST	And , just for an instant , his lips curved in response .
tr	PAST	I lied through my teeth .
tr	PAST	Quintus chased it in the other boat . "
tr	PRES	" Show off , " I teased as I looked doubtfully at the steps .
tr	PAST	He gingerly palmed her stomach .
tr	PRES	' ' What about Bruno ? "
tr	PRES	Viktor , unable to retain his dominant emotions , reaches out quickly and grabs her by the back of her coat .
tr	PRES	She arches an eyebrow at me .
tr	PRES	' Is it corpses ? '
tr	PRES	The admiral reaches out and grabs the highball glass sitting on his desk .
tr	PRES	He sees the photo of Sam and grows solemn .
tr	PAST	He clutched at her with both hands .
tr	PAST	Ty grunted and arched his back as Liam torqued his arm and shoulder .
tr	PRES	He eases us into the pasture and we land with a gentle thump .
tr	PRES	It matches my ballet flats perfectly .
tr	PRES	" Drop him , " Link states bluntly .
tr	PAST	" Not the photos , " Debbie revealed .
tr	PRES	' The sun , ' I yell to Gord .
tr	PRES	She sighs , surrendering .
tr	PRES	I recall the man who found the skeleton talking about how the village had its soul ripped out when the coke works was closed .
tr	PAST	Liz retreated and let her smile fall .
tr	PRES	They hesitate at first .
tr	PAST	Henry Salton , the innkeeper , magnanimously volunteered his rooms for the injured .
tr	PAST	The pilots readied for the first powered flight in a week 's time .
tr	PRES	None of this pig 's brains nonsense . "
tr	PAST	His scalp glowed with perspiration as he looked eagerly from Ezra to Jack .
tr	PAST	I 'll apologize to the pilots for the way I acted on the flight .
tr	PRES	Mary Elise snagged the coil and pitched it to Daniel , her feet suddenly unsteady .
tr	PAST	She jabbed the cluster with her forefinger and pushed until the tip of her finger turned red .
tr	PRES	" At one point , he mumbled that he couldn 't go through with it and just ... tossed me into the mine . "
tr	PRES	" Is it disrespect to speak of truth to one who believes lies ?
tr	PAST	Sarah inquired , missing them .
tr	PRES	" Did you arrive in time ? "
tr	PRES	An amused smile pops onto Link 's face as he gives Epona another comforting pat on the head before turning back to his somber host .
tr	PAST	Goodness bit into her lower lip , afraid she 'd disappointed Gabriel , destroyed his faith in her .
tr	PAST	She cringed at the kid .
tr	PAST	She sniffed into a tissue miserably .
tr	PAST	He then produced a roll of bills from the pocket of his jacket and peeled off hundreds , fifties and twenties , counting as he did so .
tr	PRES	He glares at Erin .
tr	PAST	" I ate a lot of spinach growing up , " I joked .
tr	PAST	Nor if she tried to be indifferent , her mouth often curved into a mischievous smile when she thought nobody was watching .
tr	PRES	A long mahogany table stretches down the centre of the room surrounded by huge leather chairs the colour of dirt and rust .
tr	PAST	Francis sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	You tricked me into giving you exactly what you wanted . "
tr	PAST	He slapped me on the shoulder , but I knocked away his hand .
tr	PAST	Stepping inside , she froze .
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere , the demon produced a knife and grabbed Cael 's hand .
tr	PRES	" I can 't stay , " he begins .
tr	PRES	Certainly nothing spectacular affects our story , for my conclusions you will have to wait , if I give them at all .
tr	PAST	As the light finally neared her , Lilith outstretched her hands , catching the light in them .
tr	PRES	" Got fancy terrorist stuff to do , I assume ? "
tr	PRES	" In five hundred years of life , one tends to make a remarkable amount of enemies .
tr	PRES	I swing onto the bike and grab my only helmet .
tr	PRES	' Seven seats and still more than enough room for band equipment .
tr	PAST	Lizzie crawled over to Lori .
tr	PAST	Instantly , Sebastian navigated the car into the street .
tr	PAST	Brian found his way to his feet , his skull no longer smashed .
tr	PAST	He dismissed his longtime housekeeper with a soft smile .
tr	PRES	During the times when business lulled , I snuck to my office to make a few arrangements for our date .
tr	PRES	Lena Coral slows us down .
tr	PAST	Got us a map too . '
tr	PRES	" That helps . "
tr	PAST	Your dad stole from me .
tr	PAST	It lands on the cracked plaster , making a loud clanking sound in the town square .
tr	PAST	Ransom awoke from his brown study .
tr	PAST	It produced an identical twin - an expendable twin .
tr	PRES	" This explains why my requests for her transfer were denied three times . "
tr	PRES	Nothing in me softens at her show of sadness .
tr	PRES	Tonight , I feed .
tr	PRES	" Because I love you , Amanda .
tr	PAST	Cora asked , hands on her hips , head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	I shuffled around , trying to sleep and just as I was finding some peace , a piercing bell rang loudly in my ear .
tr	PRES	" May I assume that you will spare me the magician rigmarole ? "
tr	PRES	I wipe down the utensil and then pull off my gloves before tossing them in the trash .
tr	PAST	A frantic scream pierced the atmosphere , drifting down from the trees above .
tr	PRES	Nurse Crowley pushes the needle in my arm .
tr	PAST	He estimated the time elapsed from the fully operational urban network to its present ruins to be three hundred million years .
tr	PAST	She stares at me for the longest time , before finally nodding .
tr	PRES	" Everyone will figure I was in a major fistfight , " James teased .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side looking past her , and she wondered what had caused the confused expression to come to his face .
tr	PAST	I whipped my head around to look at Jax , expecting to see him scowling with irritation .
tr	PRES	' Captain Justus ? '
tr	PAST	I destroyed someone 's life , destroyed it .
tr	PRES	I can 't leave this location in case she returns .
tr	PAST	He tugged at his shirt .
tr	PRES	" The new staff will board from Dock One , " Valeria states , changing the subject .
tr	PRES	She wears a pale yellow cotton shirt and khaki pants .
tr	PAST	Thus armed , she padded silently down the hallway to the top of the stairs .
tr	PRES	" And with the Gypsies . "
tr	PAST	I crouched down beside him , reaching out and touching his flank .
tr	PAST	After escaping , her mother provided her with one of her old dresses that had much padding sewn within to appear as a very expectant mother .
tr	PAST	Stepping away from the light , he tugged at one of the black curtains .
tr	PAST	" In fact , I mailed one home to Wilmington , so don 't bother . "
tr	PAST	Yeah , I referred to myself .
tr	PAST	They Say The Leopard Does Not Change His Shorts . '
tr	PRES	' The venom kills them though , doesn 't it ? '
tr	PAST	I clutched at her , but she was losing substance .
tr	PRES	" I 'm gettin ' there Katherine ?
tr	PAST	Tell him I love him , " she rasped .
tr	PAST	" We 're going to get you out , " he went on , his voice muffled from the breathing device he wore .
tr	PRES	" Well , not everyone likes my work .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , Jackson Stewart eluded them again .
tr	PAST	She immediately circled her arms around his neck and brought herself closer to him .
tr	PRES	" My wrap , please , Phillip , so that we can stay out here for a bit ? "
tr	PRES	Lisa cringed from the sudden brutality , her ears ringing as Kat tossed the weapon through the window .
tr	PAST	They were sitting rather close , Rafe reflected .
tr	PRES	" Really ? " "
tr	PRES	She glances up at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" You goddamn liar ! "
tr	PAST	Greg flicked a wrist free of his gun and gestured at the screen .
tr	PRES	Laura offers , placing her hands on both our shoulders .
tr	PAST	The rickshaw slowed as a parade of robed adolescents crossed the avenue .
tr	PAST	She collapsed into his arms , letting go of the duck and cat as she passed out .
tr	PAST	She glided to the other chair and eased down , then extended a small gift basket .
tr	PAST	Low Voice 's words floated back down the hall to them , and then there was silence .
tr	PRES	This affects you as much as anyone .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	He kills any woman or child who can 't shift .
tr	PRES	Pretty badass though . "
tr	PAST	Dorian intervened before she could help .
tr	PRES	" I am not alone , General Well 'n gone .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the strings and kept tuning .
tr	PRES	After I sit next to Sean and Gabe closes the door , I smack Sean in the chest with the palms of my hands .
tr	PRES	His shadow fills up my doorway , falling onto the floor .
tr	PRES	The stench of decaying remains thickened by the hour .
tr	PRES	He frowns at me .
tr	PRES	He fits the description perfectly .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're looking for Cody and Chase . "
tr	PAST	When she saw that it was me , her glossy lips flattened out .
tr	PRES	Dad flashes a surprise smirk .
tr	PAST	Their fragrant , aromatic scent lingered in the air .
tr	PRES	" I cannot ever repay you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	He holds it under his nose to smell it .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , taking in the cooler fall breeze and the scent of leaves and knocked again .
tr	PRES	I hurriedly text Kevin back .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , trailing kisses just under his belly button .
tr	PAST	She dismissed everyone from the room , leaving her alone with Vad to talk with him one last time .
tr	PAST	" So you pursued me .
tr	PRES	btw I discovered something , you sly guy .
tr	PAST	She froze , but there was no sound at all coming out of the room .
tr	PRES	Carrie folds her arms .
tr	PAST	Sitting back down on the sofa , he fisted his cock .
tr	PAST	The information Claudia revealed and Eli dug up ... they 're threadbare clues to what kind of creatures these things are .
tr	PRES	No , Viktor 's face carries mystery and humor and relief .
tr	PAST	They collected a couple of glasses of champagne and then made a circuit of the room .
tr	PRES	The sun rises fast .
tr	PAST	My brows inched up my forehead .
tr	PRES	A shy smile curves his mouth as he watches her out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PRES	She speeds towards it .
tr	PAST	So the communists invented a story that the female Romanovs were taken off and died later in a White Army battle .
tr	PAST	When she tried to tell him how sorry she was , he either acted as though he wasn 't interested enough to listen .
tr	PAST	Vaguely , from a distance , I sensed the general direction .
tr	PAST	The bride and groom were married , cake served , bouquet thrown .
tr	PAST	My mind 's eye conjured a likeness of Bonnie standing beside my own reflection .
tr	PAST	" You did that deliberately to make me feel small , " she accused .
tr	PAST	Cai bounced up onto his shoulder and dug her claws into his tunic .
tr	PRES	' She likes you man .
tr	PAST	Good day to you , Sir , " she uttered , regaining her womanly tone while turning her back to Timmy once more .
tr	PAST	" Wings extended , falling through 52,000 .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as he put tape over my mouth .
tr	PRES	Cole passes by us and I give him a little wave .
tr	PAST	She yawned lazily ; she didn 't want him to guess this speech was something she 'd carefully practiced before ever opening her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Misery loves company ? "
tr	PAST	" It 's a possibility , " she joked .
tr	PAST	He willed a sconce on the wall to light with only a thought , and soon a warm glow lit up one very distressed Helen .
tr	PRES	And now she carries your child ; God willing , a son . "
tr	PAST	The headlights of a second vehicle glowed from the Kentucky side .
tr	PAST	I extended my arms outwards to get a feel of the tunnel .
tr	PAST	Chapter Twenty Six The weather was damp and miserable as Stephens and Andy drove out of London .
tr	PRES	I gulp because I know he 's right .
tr	PRES	What for , silly hobbit ?
tr	PRES	He stares until I 'm blushing and I decide I hate him a little and then he shakes his head .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , " Emerson advised .
tr	PRES	His sister visits him quite frequently here at Gaynor , and I like to check with her and see how things are going from time to time .
tr	PAST	The demon lied about that part .
tr	PAST	I have really enjoyed my time here at the Turner Ranch Bed and Breakfast Inn , " Mandy giggled .
tr	PRES	However , the same intelligence wishes to make all successes as objective so that it could be associated with all .
tr	PRES	" Guess what Emily likes to do in trees ? "
tr	PAST	We abandoned ours when we abandoned the old kingdom to the waves .
tr	PAST	" Bro , that may have been the coolest thing I 've ever seen , " Tory slapped Ry on the back .
tr	PAST	Her voice faltered , dropping to a whisper .
tr	PAST	an unbelieving voice exclaimed .
tr	PAST	A deep flush of arousal painted her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Jo sniffed , but only smelled pizza .
tr	PRES	" I disdain the feeling of holding a man in my arms .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Princess .
tr	PRES	Jason sees he has fifteen minutes on the clock .
tr	PRES	' At the end of the stables . '
tr	PRES	The pair of doors swing wide before me , and I step in to the shadows .
tr	PRES	He abruptly stops and hangs up the phone .
tr	PRES	As her phone rings I email my sister .
tr	PRES	Daniel begins to give directions .
tr	PRES	He deserves one good lesson after all they did to you . "
tr	PRES	" To the end of time , Gaia . "
tr	PRES	" She belongs to us . "
tr	PAST	Her entire body shimmied like one of Dagmar 's dogs when she held up a favored toy .
tr	PRES	I bask in it , wanting to press my lips against his and steal the breath from him , but I can 't find him .
tr	PRES	Jack mumbled something about Robbie really needing to grow up .
tr	PAST	Then , Quin 's voice boomed over the madness : " QUIET . "
tr	PAST	It matched her mood .
tr	PAST	Sparkling rivulets emerged from the hills just to disappear in the middle of the lush greenery .
tr	PAST	The operative froze in her spot , hoping that she hadn 't just blown her cover .
tr	PRES	I shout as another wave bounces me up with the force of the hydraulic motion .
tr	PRES	Cronus pushes him harder and reluctantly he goes .
tr	PAST	Perhaps I preferred to converse with my wife instead of the men tonight . "
tr	PRES	The chimes hanging in the room jingle together as the storage jars shimmy across the room .
tr	PRES	" As my lady wishes . "
tr	PRES	" For one thing , why you 're so obnoxious . "
tr	PAST	Clara 's tits bounced with the jerk of her h * ps as he plunged deep into her .
tr	PRES	' Not if you choose to join us in New Atlantis .
tr	PAST	" Your term of tenancy at Dragon Towers expired five days ago .
tr	PAST	The pelican in the large dog cage beside him rustled her feathers .
tr	PRES	she asked , rol ing her eyes .
tr	PAST	I smiled at her approvingly , then slapped her ass .
tr	PAST	" To be honest ... I don 't remember ... " Peter faltered .
tr	PAST	Kenner collected him once more , but this time held him in an arm lock as he waited for the kid to recover .
tr	PAST	Kaine 's voice boomed from below , filling Michael 's gut with something like burning oil .
tr	PAST	The light dimmed rapidly and the temperature dropped so that soon Amy was glad to put on her warm jacket again .
tr	PAST	He tensed as if he 'd let something slip he hadn 't meant to .
tr	PRES	At this point , Callum stands up realizing what 's going on and frantically started searching with me .
tr	PAST	When he shattered my heart ?
tr	PRES	With a frazzled glance at the little booth , he disappears through the door .
tr	PRES	He draws air quotes around the word tolerate .
tr	PRES	Leo stares the man down .
tr	PRES	" Trouble with the security schematics ? "
tr	PRES	He gazes out at a glorious new city .
tr	PRES	Emma senses that she is doing something wrong -- she quickens her pace as she hears footsteps in the brush following her .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , her voice a lyrical and soothing balm .
tr	PAST	Winston limped back another step .
tr	PAST	For a moment , panic washed over me .
tr	PAST	" He blamed me for his ... perversions . "
tr	PRES	When they found how much they hurt me in raising me from the bed , they begged me to lie still .
tr	PAST	The Death Rains of Swansea featured a lovelorn werewolf enamored of a vampire queen and a dastardly villain with evil intent trying to tear them apart .
tr	PAST	She brightened at this and then blushed at her girlish affectations .
tr	PAST	SIX Grace tugged my hand and we raced along the stone wall .
tr	PAST	" Well ... well screw you too ! "
tr	PAST	That thought sobered me .
tr	PAST	As she closed her eyes and touched it , the light instantly dimmed and smoke blew out from the ball .
tr	PRES	They tremble and shake against each other .
tr	PAST	Despite the obvious awkwardness of the subject , her eyes glowed with pride and happiness over her daughter .
tr	PRES	They teach the older children how to fight and when they 're old enough , they join the army . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Five She turned off the bedside light , listening to his footsteps receding down the hall .
tr	PRES	Dread creeps around Trystan 's throat like a noose , pulling tighter and tighter .
tr	PAST	He stripped the garment off with ruthless energy while he stepped out of his low boots , and he tugged at the button of his jeans .
tr	PRES	To touch and kiss her beautiful body and listen to all the lies she was so anxious to tell .
tr	PRES	Before she can go too far into her sentence , her room door slides open and reveals her room .
tr	PRES	" What equipment breakdown ? "
tr	PAST	I motioned for Trenton to stand down , and I crossed my arms , ready for the full force of Kody 's frustration to blow my way .
tr	PRES	" You come over , Mister Tench .
tr	PRES	I snap the pocket watch shut .
tr	PRES	I urge you to attend .
tr	PRES	My tires squeal as I peel out .
tr	PAST	Representative Wade advised Lewis regarding activities and courses that he could take in order to increase his chances to receive the West Point appointment .
tr	PAST	Michael dared keep a glimmer of hope .
tr	PRES	He tries not to smile and it 's the sweetest look I 've ever seen on his face .
tr	PRES	" Your second gift Savannah . "
tr	PRES	A star chart ? "
tr	PAST	Devon 's breath froze as Luther swung into his driveway , parking the car .
tr	PAST	His lips were curled back in a snarl , his fangs fully extended and sharp as daggers .
tr	PAST	However , at this point , it required almost no effort to look at someone and instantly discern what he or she was feeling .
tr	PRES	His eye puffs out already turning colors .
tr	PAST	Shimmer nuzzled her , lending comforting thoughts and emotions .
tr	PRES	" Jared , no , " his mother begged .
tr	PAST	Abbey giggled despite herself .
tr	PAST	" Has our boy proposed to you yet ? "
tr	PRES	I plop down to watch , their shrieks and hollers ringing in my ears .
tr	PAST	He bore a child with a young woman from town before disappearing , never to be seen again . "
tr	PRES	Dried branches and crunchy gravel crack beneath my feet with each step .
tr	PRES	Today , fury fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	It proved to Bronwyn once and for all that he really did mean all those things he 'd said .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through my chest and I bent over at the waist , fighting the urge to hurl .
tr	PAST	Iris retreated to her room to think .
tr	PRES	" Patience brings the greater prize . "
tr	PAST	Her voice was low , her words measured , as if she were testing each one as she said them .
tr	PAST	He dreamed about his other life , a life that would never exist .
tr	PAST	She immediately swiped it off .
tr	PAST	I described the United States ' noble mission to right a third world country 's woes .
tr	PAST	Gabe 's mother never ceased to amaze him .
tr	PAST	He pinched his nose , trying to assimilate his thoughts .
tr	PAST	Her mother never giggled .
tr	PAST	Time and space ceased to exist .
tr	PRES	' With hindsight , I screwed up . '
tr	PAST	" Who 's Cecelia , " Morris rasped .
tr	PAST	Pulling her phone from her pocket , she eyed the number on the screen .
tr	PRES	They surround us utterly , or will do by the time they arrive . "
tr	PRES	" The Family . "
tr	PAST	A surge of almost invisible blue energy exploded forth from Thomas .
tr	PAST	She tidied the papers and periodicals , freeing up a chair in the process .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Lionel Woods , " he announced .
tr	PAST	Two huge French doors led to the balcony and wrought-iron chairs and tables awaited me if I chose to sit out in the afternoon sun .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hands into her lap palms down .
tr	PAST	I unfolded the flat tip screwdriver and carefully pried under the already loose top until it was entirely free .
tr	PAST	Thin arms circled her neck as Katie wrapped her in a stiff embrace .
tr	PAST	The glass hit Iris on the shoulder , liquid flying everywhere , then shattered on the ground at her feet .
tr	PAST	I skipped away before I broke down completely .
tr	PRES	His heart lies at home with his wife and her brats .
tr	PAST	A minute later , his phone vibrated and he cut on the Bluetooth .
tr	PRES	He suspects that his eardrums have been burst .
tr	PAST	He slowed the car before pulling out almost immediately .
tr	PRES	" You almost sound like you believe that , " Dervish snorts .
tr	PAST	Her tunnel vision ceased , the room came back to life , and all the other guests reappeared .
tr	PAST	Or , rather , blowing his little security blocks to hell and back .
tr	PAST	She stiffened but kept walking so he wouldn 't see her face .
tr	PRES	" Dean Cook -- -- are you for real ? "
tr	PRES	" And use it elsewhere , hmm ?
tr	PAST	Five minutes later Mother , Trista and the officer emerged from the police car .
tr	PAST	Her knee bounced as she let go of my hand and tugged her ponytail down .
tr	PRES	Adam uses his free hand to dig in his pockets for something .
tr	PAST	The impact produced a blinding light and a wall of sand that completely erased the sun in a bright and cloudless sky .
tr	PAST	Sam 's heart seized with those thoughts and without thinking , she opened the bathroom door .
tr	PRES	" What souls ? "
tr	PAST	She squealed with delight , wincing through the pain of two cracked ribs ' Oh God , yes - yes . '
tr	PAST	In shock Vikram exclaimed , a thousand thoughts running through his mind .
tr	PRES	" The hurt , " he begins , but his ability to speak is strangled by loss .
tr	PAST	Wanda and the girls giggled .
tr	PAST	" When you compared the DNA evidence from the various murder scenes with the strands of hair from the defendant , what was your conclusion ? "
tr	PAST	I silently thanked him for not ever asking .
tr	PAST	She persisted in marrying my brother so Tristen gave in .
tr	PRES	" He 's a fine lad , missus , " he patted the boy on the head , " a fine lad . "
tr	PAST	The cell phone on the passenger seat vibrated .
tr	PRES	This brings me back to the fact that , contrary to popular belief , I am not a slut .
tr	PAST	She awoke in his heavy arms , and at first she panicked .
tr	PAST	Her stomach churned at the thought of a needle poking her and she put her free hand to her forehead .
tr	PRES	His flashlight instead shone straight into a dead man 's face , strung up on a tree bough .
tr	PAST	" Alana dumped you ? "
tr	PRES	" Every time she asks , she drifts off to sleep again . "
tr	PRES	That explains the beautiful arms .
tr	PRES	Horror washes over me .
tr	PRES	I HAVE TO LEAVE .
tr	PRES	Nobody likes him , but he 's got the duke 's ear , so we have to be civil . '
tr	PAST	Placing his arm around her shoulders , Willow circled her arm around his waist .
tr	PAST	She writhed to get free , only to be caught by more .
tr	PAST	But before she could even speak , the nurse grunted loudly and dashed for the stairs .
tr	PRES	Each speaker attempts to out weird the other .
tr	PAST	People learnt new skills and put them into practice .
tr	PRES	She climbs the back steps , crosses the kitchen , and pauses in front of me , dripping on my feet .
tr	PRES	" Bianca sees him as a friend .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he whispers to my collarbone and then he 's pulling away , leaving me more exposed than I already was .
tr	PAST	She angled her legs sideways , her hands clasped .
tr	PRES	" Last night , you - " " Me ? "
tr	PRES	" That sums it up . "
tr	PAST	I shield my eyes from the sun and can just make out a dark figure rushing towards me .
tr	PRES	He begins to take long deep breaths .
tr	PAST	Her dinner , what little she 'd eaten , soured in her stomach and she thought she might be sick .
tr	PRES	Dirk points the maser at my pretty head .
tr	PAST	" Of this one attempted takeover yes , but you can be sure there are others waiting for their chance .
tr	PRES	He points at the closet door , which is shut and there 's a large chest and dresser pushed against it .
tr	PAST	One after another , the leeches plopped in after her , seeking out the blood .
tr	PAST	The girl crawled out onto it and looked down at us .
tr	PAST	" Lissa , if I could lighten this blow , I would , " Merrill toyed with a scrap of paper in his hands .
tr	PAST	Pam pondered for a moment .
tr	PAST	She inhaled her cigarette , the smoke exiting a few seconds later .
tr	PRES	I ken ye did .
tr	PRES	He sighs like that 's one of the questions he was hoping to be able to dodge .
tr	PRES	He then invites the other contestants onto the stage .
tr	PAST	Only they proved as tough to bite as elastic rubber .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand .
tr	PRES	No one deserves to be pounded by Broderick for no reason . "
tr	PRES	" But we can buy tickets over the phone , " Nate justified .
tr	PAST	Bess ' face brightened .
tr	PRES	Aunt Judith cal ed up , sounding impatient , " Elena ! "
tr	PRES	" This has , in point of fact , been considered , Partner Elijah .
tr	PRES	He wraps his fingers around the edge of the podium , and I can see , even from here , that his knuckles are bruised .
tr	PRES	The workers provide almost everything they use .
tr	PAST	Then she tugged at his arm and was leading him out of the grand chamber just as it was shaken by more cannon fire .
tr	PAST	She schooled her features into a placid , unreadable mask -- a skill she 'd perfected during her years as Wilhelm Roth 's mate .
tr	PRES	" Well , she deserves a little pampering .
tr	PRES	" She likes them , too .
tr	PAST	Jason proved himself in the planning phase as I , and I think Benjamin knew he would .
tr	PAST	" You planned this , " I teased , backing up toward the cabin .
tr	PAST	His lips curved into a soft smile .
tr	PRES	While he works on my clothes , I drag his shirt off over his head .
tr	PRES	Fifteen down , twenty-five to go , the calculation pops into her mind .
tr	PAST	He dove into the waves and came up a few feet further out into the ocean .
tr	PRES	" My sister-in-law . "
tr	PRES	And I discover the deep feeling in my gut is right .
tr	PAST	He flicked the tip over her cl * t repeatedly , then sucked it gently into his mouth , exerting steady pressure .
tr	PAST	You gods , she prayed silently , the words forming inside of her head .
tr	PRES	He stops biting his nail and goes back to pounding his glove .
tr	PAST	Without warning the abyss yawned again ; hungry and inviting .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed triumphantly , when he saw two long metal crates that appeared to be the correct size and shape for rockets .
tr	PAST	He rotated his arm and grimaced .
tr	PRES	Me [ 5th anonymous note put in your locker . ]
tr	PRES	But now they stung me .
tr	PRES	But the mark remains . "
tr	PAST	Her hair fanned over the pillows , her eyes hooded and pupils dilated .
tr	PRES	And fuck all of them backstage who wanted him to be sorry .
tr	PAST	What this has cost you . "
tr	PRES	Voice hoarse , he said , " If you 'll let him be . "
tr	PAST	" Who dealt with the creator ? "
tr	PAST	" Not corruption , exactly .
tr	PRES	Breathing was suddenly difficult , the world fading out around me .
tr	PRES	A clock in the corner ticks away the minutes .
tr	PAST	As if to answer , the earth rumbled and shook and cracked opened up at the foot of the mound .
tr	PAST	Darkness unleashed other senses , too .
tr	PRES	I text her and then I went back to the dorm to check for her .
tr	PRES	James points me to the spot .
tr	PAST	She cleaned up her beautiful messy face .
tr	PAST	" We received a detailed report on your recent activities . "
tr	PRES	Reagan blushes , but she says , " Thank you , Karl .
tr	PAST	A set of orders from high in the Defense Department instructed the base commander to prepare for nuclear attack .
tr	PAST	Her blood soaked her shirt .
tr	PRES	Even if he does not know I exist . "
tr	PAST	Although the segments were vague and somewhat abstract , true terror seized her heart .
tr	PAST	Besides , an awful lot of his talk lingered too much on Riley personally .
tr	PRES	Grabbing hold of one , it disappears before my eyes , only to reappear and push me toward the ground .
tr	PAST	Thick fog swirled around his boots as he left the dock and vaulted into his waiting carriage .
tr	PAST	I clutched the spear so I wouldn 't fall back down while I assessed my injuries .
tr	PRES	" He looks like he could break me in half , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PAST	He touches lightly before pushing his hard length inside of me .
tr	PRES	" I guess , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" The go from island to island , " Jack fills in the informational gap .
tr	PRES	Never fearful , always on guard .
tr	PRES	Adel clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" The king summons you to the dome , your highness . "
tr	PAST	He reported this to Adams and it produced a frown .
tr	PAST	Gathering all the strength I had , I inhaled and pushed myself away from him and from her , needing space to regain control of my body .
tr	PRES	She tries to laugh but it comes out all wrong .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my helmet .
tr	PRES	" What about his mum ?
tr	PAST	He perceived the sounds of hurrying footsteps above him .
tr	PAST	A lady in a white top and khakis with a black apron tied around her waist plopped two plastic menus down on the table .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't break up with anyone , " Emily mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Please , " I begged , my face coming out of his neck .
tr	PRES	' ' Second ? "
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss deliberately , testing her ... and she did not fail .
tr	PAST	Rachel sensed a bewildered anticipation in the faces on the screen before her .
tr	PAST	I battled the urge to rip my shirt off in the Heller 's front yard .
tr	PRES	' He likes pontificating about social behaviour , and yet he has absolutely no social skills . '
tr	PAST	The officers chattered in their various communication devices as onlookers gazed on from the interior balcony .
tr	PRES	" No tel ing what that much hairspray wil do to a young man 's lungs . "
tr	PAST	" I am familiar with this , " Tony stated " Not all of the relics are , you see . "
tr	PAST	Furthermore , the period required to decipher the message could allow the crook additional time to disappear before the buyer found the information disappointing . "
tr	PAST	The weirdest hot and cold sensations assaulted my palm .
tr	PRES	And then I lean back and feel a bulge at the base of my back .
tr	PRES	But each time I feed I can throw a little harder .
tr	PAST	Finally , the viscount inhaled .
tr	PRES	She swears she 's a changed person , that she 'll be a good mom , that she just wants to know her son . "
tr	PRES	She brings her hand up her head and whispers a simple command .
tr	PAST	His hands floated all over the small of her back , her stomach , her legs .
tr	PRES	Seeing her alone down there , my stomach begins to churn .
tr	PRES	Fred sees Jasmine every day he could do it ( pulls out cellphone ) .
tr	PAST	Needless to say this and similar work by others resulted in changes that make chemical analysis of such substances much more accurate and useful today .
tr	PRES	" The gas that comes out of rotting trees in swamps also lies under the ground in beds of coal .
tr	PRES	Greyson joins us from seemingly out of nowhere , sweat on his brow and in his hair .
tr	PAST	Simon eyed all the adults in the room before finding a quiet spot in the shelter to hang his head .
tr	PRES	" And what of Henri ? "
tr	PAST	She inhaled then exhaled as if to show me she knew exactly how to keep living .
tr	PAST	" That 's beside the point , " he countered .
tr	PRES	The corner of Anthony 's lips twitches and for a moment he appears self-conscious .
tr	PAST	My ego preferred the latter scenario .
tr	PRES	She winks at me and smiles , like it 's wonderful .
tr	PRES	Your idiosyncratic tastes I 'll heed .
tr	PRES	" Quickly , " he called up , " fetch dirt , and put out the fires . "
tr	PRES	" And what brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	He eyed Zinnia and Craig who were both standing behind me .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , Niles . "
tr	PAST	The invasion commenced just after taps was played over the loudspeaker , as most just laid down for a night 's rest .
tr	PAST	Susannah pinched the bridge of her nose , dreading the approaching confrontation .
tr	PAST	Ty grunted , growing more frustrated .
tr	PAST	Lillian wriggled her heavy shoulders in anticipation .
tr	PAST	My reflection swirled in them , red hair and lips aflame .
tr	PRES	My family 's remains ... I didn 't think it was going to affect me this much , but I can 't help shaking . "
tr	PAST	" Fine by me , but keep my son out of it .
tr	PAST	I trusted my visions to get my scrolls into the intended hands .
tr	PAST	Eric dove into two Sycamore defenders , knocking them back out of the way .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh and looked at him again .
tr	PAST	The walkie-talkie shattered into a dozen pieces .
tr	PRES	He stops spinning and lowers the gun .
tr	PAST	The fear inside me seized up all of my muscles and I just wanted to scream .
tr	PAST	Pushing herself to a sitting position , she swiped at her eyes with the back of her hand , then shook her head .
tr	PRES	He tastes of skin , of salt , and a flavor that is all him .
tr	PAST	As he kissed her , he unbuttoned her skirt and let it and her underwear drop to the grass .
tr	PRES	Right on cue , the final grains spill through the ceiling and the entire temple begins to shake .
tr	PRES	Even in my dreams , he wears his scar for me .
tr	PRES	" Elana 's roots strongly resemble a test track of new pavement .
tr	PAST	Ian laugh rumbled through her .
tr	PRES	Finally , an audible pop and the shaking stops .
tr	PAST	I giggled and surrendered willingly .
tr	PRES	Your Dad loves me and I love him , and you know we both love you so much .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha ... ... . .
tr	PRES	" Such a shame . "
tr	PAST	When she connected to him when he was captured , she created a special connection and he was seeing what was happening to her .
tr	PAST	His sucking and thrusting matched the tempo of her hips .
tr	PAST	The guy scribbled in a number .
tr	PRES	Several hours later he awakened to a familiar sound which came from below .
tr	PAST	They all hurried back onboard and settled in , letting the women know what was happening .
tr	PAST	" But , Darius , " Junie sobbed .
tr	PAST	" Could 've fooled me , " Barret scoffed quietly and then coughed into his hand .
tr	PAST	Carter acted most childlike and was treated accordingly .
tr	PRES	Silverware and cocktail napkins first .
tr	PRES	" Exactly , " Ryan nodded , thankful for my explanation .
tr	PAST	If there was more , I doubted there would have been room for Ed .
tr	PRES	" Brilliant discovery ... " , Mayank teased him .
tr	PAST	Someone reported us , which means someone knows we were here with Sean and what we are .
tr	PRES	" Unless you were Will ing to let me die , of course , which would be the sensible course of action . "
tr	PRES	Tonight we celebrate ! "
tr	PRES	" I disapprove of artificial aids to inspiration .
tr	PAST	Noelle sniffed and rubbed her eyes .
tr	PAST	She chanced a look toward her father , but he was staring at the ground while Carol spoke quietly to him , her back to Sophie .
tr	PRES	" So , when is Lori going to admit she 's in love with me , and get rid of that geek , Mitch ? "
tr	PRES	" And Tessa ? "
tr	PRES	They assume the subject will want a large patch prepared , thus stating the intent to work toward greater honor .
tr	PRES	They estimate that around ninety five per cent of owners are taking advantage of this offer , but that is still over eleven hundred people so far .
tr	PRES	No doubt they teach her what they used to tell the African American slaves - A room with you in it must seem empty .
tr	PRES	" When he comes in to examine me , he tries to hide it , but I know something 's wrong with him .
tr	PAST	Mother claimed she was too upset and just wanted to get it over with . '
tr	PRES	" This stone , when wet , draws iron to its heart . "
tr	PRES	" Darling , I do not think murdering a large portion of Europe is a little thing , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Opening the top , he holds out his hand .
tr	PRES	Bec stood , the smile fading from his face , replaced with a deep look of concern .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stop , " she begged and pressed her breast against his hand , wanting more .
tr	PRES	Thom points to a man who floats facedown .
tr	PRES	" Everyone , I would like to officially introduce a friend of mine , Lea . "
tr	PAST	Now she really fumed that she couldn 't find her cell phone .
tr	PRES	He holds me in this position for a moment , allowing our breath to blend between us .
tr	PAST	As she heaved another sigh , she sensed a presence behind her and turned .
tr	PRES	In fact , it kind of creeps me out . "
tr	PAST	But I doubted he would do that .
tr	PRES	Tad ticks his head down towards Logan sitting in the orange beat-up mustang .
tr	PRES	That man loves you . "
tr	PAST	I pretended to pout , finding her way more entertaining than offensive .
tr	PAST	" I told you he 'd be all right , " he exclaimed delightedly .
tr	PAST	All week , until this morning , it churned with activity .
tr	PAST	He stripped her white lace panties from her slender form , exposing bare skin to his hungry gaze .
tr	PAST	Though she didn 't have a time line , she sensed that until months ago , she 'd held the same convictions .
tr	PRES	Robin holds her breath .
tr	PRES	As I warned them Hecate flung more magic .
tr	PRES	He tuned out everything and everyone else and spent the late morning and better part of the afternoon typing up an article on small-town life .
tr	PAST	The same creak she 'd made when she stepped on the loose stair .
tr	PRES	" And you , sweet baby , stink of lies . "
tr	PRES	We always assume death before life .
tr	PAST	Sable measured Hess in that same quiet way Perry had .
tr	PAST	" I read about it in a book , " she stated before repeating the little rhyme .
tr	PRES	' Neither side wishes to see a war between our races , us more so than the humans .
tr	PAST	I skipped angrily away .
tr	PRES	Pressing my lips together , I peel my hand off my blouse and act like I was just brushing off a speck of lint .
tr	PAST	To her he represented her origins , where at that time it was foreign and estranged .
tr	PAST	It horrified her that Max was mentally comparing himself to the man who 'd abused his sister .
tr	PAST	In the mortuary bay , the Devil beheld Gladys Putnam .
tr	PAST	Slamming the door shut behind him , he stormed up to the house , jerked the back screen door open , and disappeared inside .
tr	PAST	Wendell Bakunin 's voice arose from decades ago , playing in clear sequence across the audible range of memory -- roaring torrent is deep and wide !
tr	PAST	" Hans , you fed me too mush champagne , " she slurred , stumbling into the dark room .
tr	PAST	A guy named Jack I met at the hospital a while back . "
tr	PRES	I estimate that it is well past midnight before someone finally speaks .
tr	PRES	He dramatically points down , but no one pays attention .
tr	PAST	Sasha flicked her eyes to Connelly and saw his grip on the gun tighten .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... " " Is it easier to express anger toward someone you regard as a contemporary ? "
tr	PAST	Lawrence schooled his too narrow face into an overly sincere show of commiseration .
tr	PAST	Matthew panicked as his feet were pulled over the edge .
tr	PAST	It charged and began hammering at the bus door .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	My pounding heart speeds the blood flow from my neck .
tr	PRES	I lean up in my wheel chair .
tr	PAST	With eager fingers , I unfolded it .
tr	PRES	Brandi grasps Julian by the hand and tugs the tired kid up the porch stairs .
tr	PRES	Melissa stops her talk and turns to look at Shiv , as he lights a candle in the corner of the room .
tr	PAST	The fire rustled in the grate .
tr	PRES	When we reached the foyer , the crowd thinned to give him access to the front door .
tr	PAST	And then Tom ... he just collapsed , and started crying .
tr	PAST	Rita exclaimed , opening the door and taking a step backward .
tr	PAST	He withdrew from her before the mating need took over and he wouldn 't be able to control his actions .
tr	PRES	Chalk dust drifts in the air like a thin veil but I see no teacher .
tr	PRES	It chafed and irritated as it rubbed against my barely healed burn , but I did not want Abby to see the wound .
tr	PAST	His deep voice vibrated too close to her ear .
tr	PAST	The living-room caved in on her .
tr	PRES	He reaches into a cabinet and pulls out a pan , then walks to the sink and fills it with water .
tr	PAST	Then the silence fled as men scattered , scrambling from the chairs nearest the bar to huddle against the walls .
tr	PRES	" What brings you back after all this time ? "
tr	PAST	A few steps , hooves sinking into the sand , then the mist revealed her face to him , and his to her .
tr	PAST	Janie shrank aside as Charlie swept Andrea into his arms and carried her down .
tr	PRES	Hopefully , Jetta still wears her red bow .
tr	PAST	None of them had one and any attempts to set him straight only served to upset him further .
tr	PAST	Danika 's hands fisted , her nails cutting into the sheet .
tr	PRES	She presses her next breath out .
tr	PRES	" How about a race ? "
tr	PAST	Finally , Elaine served the appetite arresting news that Katherine had feared for some weeks .
tr	PRES	Isabelle gasped , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	PAST	She stormed right up to him and poked him in the chest .
tr	PRES	My mother stands there , her face disapproving , her shoulders stiff .
tr	PAST	Aidan attempted a smile and did something unexpected .
tr	PAST	It sped through the maze with unerring accuracy , no doubling back to correct a wrong turn .
tr	PRES	" You snap those kicks quickly and your balance is right on .
tr	PAST	She extended her wings to take off .
tr	PRES	" It stands on the reverse side of the wheel . "
tr	PAST	If the Queen tricked us - " " She didn 't .
tr	PAST	His hand lingered on my cheek .
tr	PRES	He chews on the end of his pen as he evaluates me .
tr	PRES	" To settle things between us once and for all . "
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter , picking up my phone .
tr	PAST	Pulling back , she regarded him with a puzzled expression .
tr	PAST	When the warrior looked like he was going to shut her down flat , Tess chimed in .
tr	PRES	She likes to go early on Tuesdays .
tr	PAST	" You dropped the f-bomb again , " she babbled , unable to think of anything else to say .
tr	PAST	He grunted , and I had no idea how to decipher it .
tr	PRES	He stops , looks around and finally decides to sit at a place , which is close to river stream and opens to stretched landscape .
tr	PAST	The look of disbelief on John 's face urged Captain Savage to explain further .
tr	PRES	When Six 's flavor of the month has a hot best friend , she eases him into my graces .
tr	PRES	Emma bursts forward , charged with enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	Several boxing trophies adorned shelves on the far wall .
tr	PAST	It bothered him deeply .
tr	PRES	" I 'll cut through the part that says congratulations , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Like finding gold on the sidewalk by accident because you were knocked down to it from a fight , life presents its gifts in obscure ways .
tr	PRES	Flying up on the penal colony at high speed the lead ship begins to report back to Fearless .
tr	PRES	He disappears for good two hours and Melissa is anxiously waiting for him in her room .
tr	PRES	" My two favorite sisters in the world . "
tr	PRES	She shook her head and walked forward , her mind spinning at the possibility of facing him again .
tr	PAST	She referred to Emma only as " that girl " and had made a point of sitting as far from her as possible at dinner .
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE YOUR ORDERS .
tr	PRES	He sure as shit wishes he 'd never heard of me .
tr	PAST	Then I haul him to Grange and the high court .
tr	PRES	She padded her chest .
tr	PAST	Just enough light bounced from the neighboring buildings for him to see .
tr	PRES	I reign in the deepest realities of mortal hearts .
tr	PAST	" Count Lucien visited the battlefield ? "
tr	PAST	Detective Bria Coolidge scoffed a little at that ; then she turned and called out to her partner .
tr	PRES	The Dome atop the Intercontinental offers a beautiful view of the marine drive and the vagabonds and families that throng the strip .
tr	PRES	I rejoice at our alliance . "
tr	PRES	Something foreign washes through me with the idea of it , making my legs jelly for a second .
tr	PRES	A roar fills my ears as every muscle tenses .
tr	PRES	" Why just your daughters ? "
tr	PAST	The customers in the store froze .
tr	PAST	A dark shape coalesced from the knotted magic in a blink and leapt over Roger 's corpse .
tr	PAST	The black mass of energy at once ceased , filling the room with an eerie silence .
tr	PRES	" Why so many apartments ? "
tr	PAST	He tugged her jeans open and down her hips .
tr	PRES	She dreaded walking into English class and seeing him .
tr	PAST	My world shattered with every single cruel thing he said .
tr	PRES	Rose holds the pillow against her and she stands alert next to the bed .
tr	PAST	" You should have listened to me , " Gary reprimanded Martin .
tr	PAST	I doubted Earl spent much time inside the apartment .
tr	PAST	" I was thinking of you when I grabbed them , " he defended .
tr	PRES	Looking left then right , I exit the aisle .
tr	PRES	May represent providing a calming influence on others .
tr	PRES	Dervish flicks his head left , then right , dislodging the dead demon .
tr	PAST	A smile curved Molly 's lips .
tr	PRES	" Says the woman who married for ' moral ' considerations only to find out how lasting those were .
tr	PRES	That about sums it up , and there 's nothing I can do to change it . "
tr	PRES	Not to fret . "
tr	PRES	Dad pushes me to the left side of the car when I walk to the right .
tr	PAST	I don 't like the way the lines of his face transform , turn defeated .
tr	PAST	Gently she urged the spouted cup to Agatha 's thin lips .
tr	PAST	His warm breath fanned my ear , my cheek .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted nervously , smoothing out invisible wrinkles on her perfectly pressed navy blue sweater .
tr	PRES	My hand tightened around the stem of my glass , alarm bells ringing .
tr	PRES	" You betcha , little sis .
tr	PAST	" Talk about amazing , right ?
tr	PAST	The hood prevented her from seeing his hair , but she thought it was close cropped .
tr	PRES	" Stepmother , I request that this boy tour me around the orphanage .
tr	PRES	" The mule ? "
tr	PAST	Emily hopped from her seat , " Did you see your roses ?
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 15 The week creeps slowly by .
tr	PRES	" I lust for her . "
tr	PAST	He shields my body with the width of his and opens the door for us so we can walk in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you need to think to feel better about it , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PAST	He dumped the contents atop the Infernal 's head and shifted back out .
tr	PAST	I fling out my hands to break my fall .
tr	PRES	Grubbs hates this life even more than I do .
tr	PAST	She sensed he was the most dangerous Carpathian in the room .
tr	PRES	He loves you so much .
tr	PRES	" It helps keep the bad bugs in the garden from eating all the vegetables . "
tr	PRES	" That snob for a girlfriend ? "
tr	PAST	Slowly her face transformed as all the final clues clicked in her mind .
tr	PRES	Mia holds out her hands so he can take them , leaning in for a kiss on the cheek once they 've connected .
tr	PAST	He instantly dialed her number , but again , the call failed to go through .
tr	PAST	My tears soaked up his shirt .
tr	PAST	Daniella shrank lower into her seat .
tr	PRES	Headlights shone in from a car turning around in my driveway .
tr	PAST	He slowed and stopped .
tr	PAST	I doubted I could succeed with a direct confrontation , so I 'd have to sneak up on the traitor .
tr	PAST	He sensed movement behind him and spun around .
tr	PAST	Jamar 's waxy white assistants served the food and drink .
tr	PRES	" Or mutter . "
tr	PAST	Jared froze , and then turned to face me .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss as her lips parted under his .
tr	PAST	Edwin clutched Greg by his collar and pulled him closer .
tr	PAST	As he obeyed , he tugged his hand from her and rubbed where they 'd been connected .
tr	PRES	She chuckled when he too pleaded gruffly , her eyes shimmering .
tr	PAST	Brother George prayed for the people in Saint Peter before they went to sleep .
tr	PRES	" ... and get killed , " the Captain frowns .
tr	PAST	Not knowing why he had stopped , I stared at him , then stiffened when a shiver moved through me .
tr	PRES	Mr Barns lets out a hearty laugh .
tr	PAST	Perry sensed the energy in the room refocus , shifting to their altercation .
tr	PAST	Yes , you freed me , but really what was the point if you were going to leave me here alone with no food .
tr	PAST	I fumed as I went back into the galley .
tr	PRES	I said , my voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	The wolves padded in a circle around the prince 's remains , then they lifted their heads and howled .
tr	PAST	I crouched to put the pan on the floor , and I gently guided his big feet into the water .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Honey .
tr	PRES	Embarrassed , we all mumbled appropriate things .
tr	PRES	Realm reaches over and opens my milk carton for me , and then absently goes back to his eggs .
tr	PAST	Either debris or the distorting effect of watching such a thing through a window , he surmised .
tr	PAST	I have distinguished myself and my command in numerous campaigns against the British , French and Belgians .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a waitress , who came over with pot in hand .
tr	PAST	Mom 's voice floated out of the front room .
tr	PAST	In those days the universities of England served the Church and no scholar learned save through the Grace of God in His Church .
tr	PAST	With his other hand , he caressed the opposite shoulder .
tr	PRES	Each mule 's deadly payload devoured scores and scores of the enemy in clouds of sullen flame , spread out over an area fifty yards across .
tr	PRES	My muscles relax and I slump forward , careful not to put pressure onto her lower stomach .
tr	PRES	" Shadow loves the Queen .
tr	PAST	Varg flicked his ears in the affirmative .
tr	PAST	As I position myself between her and the dagger , Reginald lands before me and is stabbed .
tr	PAST	Her eyes squinted , " I suppose I could . "
tr	PRES	Serena 's eyes snap to the Caste Master standing in front of them .
tr	PRES	He stalked over to investigate .
tr	PAST	" No , but I killed a hunter named LaHood about thirty years ago .
tr	PRES	Asking a god for something such as this holds a danger he didn 't realize .
tr	PAST	She slapped him with her free hand .
tr	PRES	It lets them know who is really in charge of these meetings .
tr	PAST	She motioned her hand toward the still open door .
tr	PAST	The police referred to it euphemistically as " single unit fatalities . "
tr	PRES	Skyla 's voice carries from the backyard just as clear as if she had whispered the words into my ear .
tr	PRES	Trust me , he likes you . "
tr	PRES	" You 're not a murderer , Claire , " he teased .
tr	PRES	" None who enters the lair of the Sea Witch ever returns . "
tr	PRES	" Brent Foster ? "
tr	PRES	As I shower , all the revelations cause my head to spin but my heart is not confused , it holds steadfast and belongs only to Andrew .
tr	PAST	Evan 's chest caved slightly , and his eyes twitched in pain .
tr	PRES	Rob pops into my brain .
tr	PRES	Asa flinches when his phone vibrates .
tr	PAST	Bummed , she tugged at her purple hemp sweater , wrapping it closer around her in the chilly gym .
tr	PRES	He likes you too much to stay angry for long .
tr	PRES	I crack up laughing .
tr	PAST	My eyes roamed around the room I was in .
tr	PRES	" I guess that one wasn 't meant to be , " Jesse offers softly .
tr	PRES	She stole my man and my money , ' she states simply .
tr	PRES	" A Queen protects her people .
tr	PRES	Roast duck , figs , olives , cheese and bread , and plenty of fish sauce to enhance the food .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and made himself take another step .
tr	PRES	The new restaurant opens in two weeks . "
tr	PRES	She disappears on a Friday night and opens up her wrists in a hotel bathtub around three A.M. Saturday morning . "
tr	PAST	Everyone from my dad to Lottie to Zan to Stryker blamed themselves .
tr	PRES	Annie brings us a free appetizer of cheese fries and an extra breadbasket .
tr	PRES	With one fist , I punch Maxwell Greene in the face , slamming him into the wall .
tr	PRES	He 'd woken bleary-eyed , his bladder taut , and stumbled out of bed toward the privy .
tr	PRES	" My sister loves you .
tr	PAST	" I quit ! "
tr	PAST	Bax must have sensed his hesitation , for he exchanged an assuring look and a subtle nod , which was all Matthew needed to know .
tr	PRES	I warn you , though , if I give you information , a lot of it may not have concrete evidence to back it up . "
tr	PAST	He sensed a sudden hesitation as he continued undressing her , and gave her a harsh smile .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Again Madison attempted to wrench free , but the sleeping pills were making her light-headed .
tr	PAST	" The nurse panicked and called the doctor , and he came in and looked at my arm and said it 's infected . "
tr	PAST	Luther acted more appalled than grieved .
tr	PAST	As the water , now in the form of coffee , was sucked back down into the pot , I regained consciousness .
tr	PAST	Releasing the air in a slow , controlled hiss , he fisted his hands and fought the need to take her hard and fast where they stood .
tr	PRES	Plus , he likes dawn raids .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and dabbed the corners of her eyes on her sleeve .
tr	PAST	I tugged on my t-shirt and wrinkled cardigan before bounding up the steps to her front door .
tr	PAST	He inhaled again and planted a kiss just below her ear .
tr	PAST	" One failed relationship soured you ? "
tr	PAST	I chased them away with a Biblical broom , but they kept coming back when I wasn 't able to stop them . "
tr	PAST	A second breath and he identified the intruder as Victor 's father .
tr	PRES	" These European girls , " Sly said , " always checking out the black dudes . "
tr	PRES	" Or a new toy ? "
tr	PAST	Too keyed up to sit still , he prowled the corridors for hours before going to his apartment .
tr	PRES	" How about the philosophers ? "
tr	PAST	The index finger to his temple slowed the words .
tr	PRES	" Home , " he said , hoarse and ragged .
tr	PAST	We can always finish the conversation tomorrow , " urged Helen .
tr	PRES	" The invitation . "
tr	PAST	" Honey , I 'm sorry I woke you up , " I mumbled , my eyes refusing to open completely .
tr	PRES	A small envelope lays in my hands .
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me ? "
tr	PAST	" We don 't know that anything will , " I countered .
tr	PAST	He grunted and pulled her towards him .
tr	PAST	Had the bread and honey slowly unraveled him ?
tr	PAST	Then I was pushed back to the ground , my mouth stuffed full of grass , again .
tr	PRES	And then , because it is one of my fears at the moment , I add , " Of you hooking up with mom . "
tr	PAST	The one we emerged onto from the exhaust vent .
tr	PAST	' Yes , all the time , ' Daisy giggled .
tr	PRES	Andy points across the room .
tr	PAST	He referred to the confederacy of Indian tribes the first colonist ran into in northern New York .
tr	PAST	A flutter of response tickled through my entire body as he moved further down to my breasts .
tr	PRES	Planks that had once supported a roof now warped downward , the weight of ages slowly bending them to the floor .
tr	PAST	Lissa , have you received flowers ?
tr	PAST	I stiffened back up as she crept closer to the truth .
tr	PAST	Pippa balled up her fists .
tr	PAST	He claimed to have reports that made him believe the King would murder the Princes on his return to London .
tr	PRES	" Unless the exit from the labs comes out somewhere else , " Ivan throws in .
tr	PRES	The mischievous twinkle that sparkled in Oliver 's eyes dulls and his shoulders slump .
tr	PRES	He stands in front of him , clenching his fist .
tr	PAST	Still holding the knife , she plunged it into his bicep .
tr	PRES	He hears voices at a distance , the lively sound of voices from the common room .
tr	PAST	A voice recognition menu identified the number he wanted and dialed it for him .
tr	PAST	You freed me and disobeyed them .
tr	PAST	" Whew , " Drew mopped his face .
tr	PRES	Stripping off my jeans , I peel back the covers just enough to slide beneath them .
tr	PAST	I screeched , head whipping around from one vampire to another .
tr	PAST	A recording of a soft female voice announced the name of the next station .
tr	PAST	" Someone named Kurt ? "
tr	PAST	That 's queer , Dunk reflected .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved into a cocky smile .
tr	PRES	' Well , Vann . '
tr	PRES	He bursts into laughter at the stupid joke while Rian and I exchange glances .
tr	PAST	She supported Dangerous Beans because there was ... well , something about him .
tr	PAST	He feared most to look , and yet look he must .
tr	PRES	" Pick me , " Owen whispers .
tr	PRES	" She talks , huh ? "
tr	PAST	Sam stomped his feet into the floor .
tr	PAST	Giorgio commenced before being interrupted by a stern stare from Beppe " History with who or what ? "
tr	PRES	Tyson points to the wall and Savannah gasps .
tr	PAST	I braced myself on the counter behind me .
tr	PRES	" Look how pretty Araby is , " Elise announces loudly .
tr	PAST	I inhaled slowly , letting my racing heart settle , and climbed out of bed , the carpet feeling cold against the soles of my bare feet .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and suck it off .
tr	PAST	" I can 't believe you 're really here , " Bree exclaimed as she engulfed Sierra in a hug .
tr	PRES	" Look at you , setting a good example for others , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" Or any natural water sources . "
tr	PRES	Amber light shone from a new lighthouse on the rocky island out in the bay .
tr	PAST	' It 's okay , ' Sylvie reassured him as he got there .
tr	PAST	He grunted and turned up the volume on the television .
tr	PRES	As I carefully slide the fabric down her shoulders , I expose a lace bra the exact color of her flawless skin .
tr	PRES	Gripping onto the top of the fence , I swing my legs over it and land on the other side .
tr	PRES	His picture frowns back .
tr	PAST	I flapped a hand on my chest as I asked my questions .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sure you are wondering who I am and why I 've come to patronize your store , " she crooned .
tr	PAST	Side tables bore vases of flowers , and a Bach cello sonata rang softly through the air .
tr	PAST	In the quiet of the room , Gray sensed a looming danger .
tr	PRES	' No , no , there 's no need for that , ' I blurt out anxiously .
tr	PRES	" Petrified bowels ? "
tr	PRES	" To our nightclub . "
tr	PAST	When the last of his shudders eased , he slowly withdrew and I lapped up every last inch of him as he pulled from my mouth .
tr	PRES	Ah , a dig at what the squadron called his micromanaging at safety briefs .
tr	PAST	Or had Tug handled that ?
tr	PAST	His denial vibrated against her throat .
tr	PRES	" And , Miss Stockton ... " " Yes , sir ? "
tr	PAST	She reciprocated firmly , and pulled him in close to her .
tr	PRES	I whipped it open , standing in a tee shirt and panties .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance and noticed that the blonde had retrieved a key from underneath a grill top .
tr	PRES	Even what passes for my French !
tr	PRES	" You 've certainly given me something to think about , " Bob mumbled , eager now to escape .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , turning away from him and walking out of the arcade .
tr	PAST	" The gray stone slab at Hall , Daddy . "
tr	PAST	She flicked an apologetic glance at Colin .
tr	PRES	His entire body bears these marks .
tr	PRES	I smack my hands over my face .
tr	PAST	The black shield with its familiar insignia represented the men employed by mine security .
tr	PRES	Greg immediately begins taking things out of the barrow , instructing the others to carry the gear up into the attic .
tr	PAST	Max stormed through the bodies obstructing his way toward the door , trying to make a quick escape .
tr	PRES	And take that blueprint and give it to the foreman of the construction crew . "
tr	PRES	My Mama frowns at me .
tr	PRES	Next Alec rises and rambles on for a few minutes .
tr	PAST	He vomited , losing control for a brief instant .
tr	PAST	" You 're upsetting the bird , " Drake accused .
tr	PRES	Goddamn it , man , she loves you !
tr	PRES	A sad smile touches her lips .
tr	PAST	Flattery still marveled at his own progress .
tr	PRES	He glanced at her , feeling anger stir .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , looked her over again and wondered what on earth was she was talking about .
tr	PRES	He matches the description .
tr	PAST	He lingered over his ill humour for a few minutes before stabbing his finger down on his desktop buzzer , holding it there until the door opened .
tr	PAST	" You organized my kitchen ? "
tr	PAST	cried Gene , jerking his bike reflexively away from Cory 's , then angling back to resume their pace together .
tr	PRES	I cal ed , my eyes once again adjusting to the near nighttime blackness of the bar .
tr	PAST	He invested it conservatively and well diversified .
tr	PRES	He handed his book to me , our fingers grazing as he passed it over .
tr	PAST	Nilo regarded him with acrid surprise .
tr	PRES	Adel tries to steer the conversation .
tr	PRES	" Between asking permission and begging forgiveness , I lean toward the latter . "
tr	PRES	His head snaps over to me , clearly shocked .
tr	PRES	The fact remains I 've already gotten involved , and I try to rationalize how much trouble one small girl can really be .
tr	PRES	He glances at Sean , his eyes wide .
tr	PRES	" Not that , Irish , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	The yellow dots , 2,500 in all , represent bunkers which we anticipate will be completed within the next 30 days .
tr	PRES	A sincere apology , but it meant nothing to me .
tr	PAST	She cringed at the awkwardness in her voice .
tr	PRES	A sluggish movement brings his eyes up to mine .
tr	PAST	We froze and looked around , doing our best not to make a sound .
tr	PAST	He taped the mouth of the bag shut , scribbled on a label , and chucked it into the trunk .
tr	PAST	" I cleaned up the restroom and fixed the other issues the pad uncovered .
tr	PAST	" We don 't really have much choice , " Lizzie joked joining him .
tr	PAST	Olivia giggled as he kissed her neck .
tr	PRES	She belongs here . "
tr	PAST	Dave 's head exploded in pulsating pain .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled as he righted me .
tr	PAST	She calculated how much of her allowance was left .
tr	PRES	A slimy feeling washes over me .
tr	PRES	" Dorian likes white . "
tr	PAST	Dugan gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	The muscles of his face relax as he opens it and finds the diamond still inside .
tr	PAST	He uttered a low growl , and I felt the scrape of his fangs against my skin .
tr	PAST	The dean of the aeronautics department almost collapsed back into his chair from shock .
tr	PRES	The door opens again .
tr	PRES	He collects all your records .
tr	PAST	She jabbed a finger in Randall 's direction .
tr	PRES	He flicks his butt into the street and lights up another cigarette .
tr	PAST	" You claimed you weren 't his tool .
tr	PAST	" It bore no resemblance to any of the current languages on Earth , so linguists were unable to decode it without a translation key . "
tr	PAST	His breath tickled my face and I sighed in exasperation when he put , what felt like , way too much distance between him and myself .
tr	PRES	She mutters it so quietly I can barely hear her .
tr	PAST	Fluffy sniffed the ground near the head and I ushered the dog away .
tr	PAST	" It 's a gamble , " she speculated .
tr	PAST	What bothered you about this ? "
tr	PAST	A moment or two later a figure emerged from the darkness .
tr	PRES	Shaking his head , he mumbled words he hoped would be appropriate .
tr	PAST	Carol described the two men for me .
tr	PRES	Big New York businessman who had funneled his funds through glorified ponzi schemes .
tr	PRES	" Of course we can , sweetie .
tr	PRES	She offers me a genuine smile and makes me feel good inside , like I did something right .
tr	PAST	" I have been back over the stretch of trail where we found John 's body several times now , " he stated .
tr	PAST	" Probably where the Babylonian 's stole the idea from . "
tr	PRES	I exhale , then add another photo to the page , then turn to a clean page .
tr	PAST	Vi sniffed back tears .
tr	PRES	My hand still throbs from punching my best friend and the look on Stick 's face haunts me .
tr	PAST	When her pulsations finally stopped , he slowed his thrusts .
tr	PRES	He slides one to each of us across the table .
tr	PRES	And the colour fades .
tr	PAST	But Zane doubted anything he could do at this point would help , if Ty would even let him try .
tr	PAST	Trucks and cars rumbled past , it was a busy road , but we felt safe .
tr	PRES	Two to hunt , eh ? "
tr	PAST	He crawled up on the bed like a sleek , nak * d beast and ran a hot , lustful stare all over her body .
tr	PAST	Plainly , he desired to know more about whom she represented , but he knew better than to inquire directly .
tr	PRES	" He likes me , too ! "
tr	PRES	Tonight , we sing to her of the rest of it .
tr	PAST	I hopped the last few hands distance to the ground .
tr	PRES	When he hopped in , she stared , mouth agape .
tr	PRES	Jason taps his CU and is greeted by static .
tr	PRES	And afterward -- " " Of course .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes ' silence , her daughter said , " I phoned Dad last night . "
tr	PRES	" We 'll get her back , " Much whispers as we head towards the stadium .
tr	PAST	Aphrodite skipped alongside them , dainty and beautiful as they laughed .
tr	PRES	Gripping the edge , I lean back over the engine and give him a peck on the cheek .
tr	PRES	I swear , my heart stops beating .
tr	PAST	A progress bar scrolled to a finish , and the screen displayed the alarm code .
tr	PRES	- creeping slowly towards its vanishing point somewhere beyond Bath .
tr	PRES	" So the man who came the first day I met you and picked up Chloe , I assume he 's her father ? "
tr	PAST	In the dream bedroom , the dolls rustled some more , toppling into piles so that their gold and brown curls tangled together .
tr	PRES	" First year student . "
tr	PRES	he said , his smile fading .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled the back of my neck -- inadvertently , I was sure -- as he made a bigger hole for his head in the pillow .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she stated , staring at the floor .
tr	PRES	Bake sales , car washes , school plays ; they were no shows .
tr	PRES	" Miss Foster . "
tr	PRES	The males instantly fel into an uneasy silence and the women ... wel , no matter the species , Rhona could see lust miles away .
tr	PRES	Caleb pops open the gas tank lid and fiddles with his credit card .
tr	PAST	I stole another glance at him .
tr	PRES	His hands flit effortlessly between the large glass of red wine he draws warmth and inspiration from , to the wooden spoon he tastes and stirs with .
tr	PRES	The protective numbing coat I pulled over my body for the session falls away as rage suddenly fires through .
tr	PAST	" I do not wait in lines , " Kylie announced and headed straight for the door .
tr	PAST	Procedure dictated he shout his command before taking action .
tr	PRES	" If we have wagons full of supplies , rather than just what we each carry , then it slows our movements .
tr	PRES	I fish , I harvest scallops and clams .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for the rescue , " she mumbled , then carefully moved around him .
tr	PRES	" The computer recognizes your fingerprints .
tr	PRES	One camp swears the injury was real , noting that the finish to the match didn 't make any sense .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hand away .
tr	PAST	I prayed no one would choose this moment to look out their windows .
tr	PAST	I haven 't lied !
tr	PAST	The downpour slowed down to a drizzle .
tr	PRES	Serena brings her scales forward , letting them crawl down her arms and cover her knuckles .
tr	PAST	Celine hopped up and turned red , puffy eyes toward him .
tr	PAST	He quickly exhaled and gulped in more air as her head moved towards his other nipple .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I add .
tr	PRES	" I don 't need these , " Mia mumbled .
tr	PAST	The new order , he thought , dictated by the Knights Templar , yes , but one Templar above all .
tr	PAST	And once he became Commander of the Volunteers he committed himself wholeheartedly to that too .
tr	PRES	" A mule ? "
tr	PAST	Zach clasped Torr 's arm , even though he knew the other man couldn 't feel it .
tr	PRES	" Fanny Mae , " McKie whispered , " you still there ? "
tr	PRES	" Ma , Simon loves the water and knows it better than any of us .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and my stomach flips over .
tr	PAST	It bore no ornaments or identifying marks of any kind .
tr	PRES	My father 's whole body relaxes in relief .
tr	PRES	Dario 's eyes shone clear and true .
tr	PAST	" The uncle isn 't a very nice guy , " she announced without preamble .
tr	PRES	Like I said , I overreacted . "
tr	PRES	Instead , he graces her with his most formal corporate smile .
tr	PAST	He slapped the down button for the elevator .
tr	PRES	" THEN GET OUT ! "
tr	PAST	Aidan grunted and tried to kick Isaac in the crotch , but Isaac stuck his butt out at the last second , dodging the crippling blow .
tr	PRES	Rolling to a sitting position , Rift glances at his hands to see the putrid , purple muck slowly dripping off .
tr	PAST	I flung my arms across my face as a rock sailed past .
tr	PAST	With each word , the demon writhed more and more , and still she continued the incantation .
tr	PRES	For that I sing your praises and wonder what it must feel like to be so gifted .
tr	PRES	Now they shone with love as she looked down at me .
tr	PAST	He immediately tugged on her ponytail .
tr	PAST	Coach bribed Andrew into saving our collective asses with some really nice booze . "
tr	PAST	# Zoe collected herself .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his fangs and flicked his tongue in quick sharp movements .
tr	PRES	The rain drums down on the metal roof .
tr	PRES	He tests again , nose higher , taking that odor deep inside , tasting it , recognizing it .
tr	PRES	" Who brings flowers anyway , I ask you ? "
tr	PRES	They slink through the shadows .
tr	PRES	And a faint voice , full of mischievous laughter and smelling of early morning love in perfumed sheets , whispers in my head .
tr	PAST	Two minutes later I received a response : Of course I do .
tr	PAST	Hannah grunted , crawling up his leg , snatching at his clothes and screaming , but he was quick .
tr	PRES	My vision gradually clears , and when I realise what I can see I gasp and press my hands up against the glass .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped several beats as she let her gaze slide from his handsome face down his torso and beyond .
tr	PAST	" Doctors repeatedly screwing him up ... That sort of thing . "
tr	PAST	I cringed as his acidic words fell from his callous mouth , " You never heard of us until today .
tr	PRES	' What , just stand here in this pitch black corridor ? '
tr	PRES	Putting my fingertip upon his lip , he sighs and I curl up into his side , raising my eyes to meet his .
tr	PAST	Connie squinted through the darkness as rays of light from the campfire cast a sporadic glow on their subject .
tr	PAST	When I squinted at the control panel , the green beam that shot out of my eye severed one connection and joined another .
tr	PRES	Not necessarily through lies , but by showing just enough of the vulnerable boy hiding behind the exterior of polished arrogance to make him worth loving .
tr	PAST	The demon exploded in sparks that quickly dimmed and disappeared .
tr	PAST	Catherine flattened her hand over her breast .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Rosa giggles , scanning the faces .
tr	PAST	He ceased gaping around in awe and stepped out of the elevator , which slid shut behind him .
tr	PAST	" Good thing I charged my battery . "
tr	PAST	He slowed his pace nearly to a standstill as he observed the small clapboard cabins with their fake thatch roofs .
tr	PAST	As the Warlord Prince ruling on his Queen 's behalf , he received two of those days .
tr	PRES	Bobby draws in a sharp breath .
tr	PAST	So my uncle readied his bow and waited .
tr	PRES	Once fully inside the cylinder , the machine stops .
tr	PRES	The white intensifies by threefold , gripping like a hand and pulling her kicking and screaming into the small box he holds .
tr	PRES	Captain Hulls reaches out his hand to steady me .
tr	PRES	He holds the door open for me .
tr	PRES	Luthor flips the hood away from my face .
tr	PRES	' Now , don 't put up a fight , please , it releases unpleasant chemicals into the bloodstream . '
tr	PRES	Quite where her words had all come from though she wasn 't sure , a mix of homespun wisdom and remembered phrases from celebrity interviews .
tr	PAST	His brother hauled his luggage out of the convertible 's trunk , slammed the lid , but kept his palm on the chrome bumper .
tr	PRES	The chest creaks when he opens it .
tr	PAST	Rome wagged a finger at him .
tr	PRES	She allows the receiver to fall to the floor as she begins to walk back to the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PRES	The stone powdered away as if it were nothing more than spun sugar .
tr	PAST	I swirled each glass before I drank .
tr	PRES	yelled Bryce when he noticed the stooges .
tr	PRES	Beneath them a large pool of water shone like crystal .
tr	PRES	He stands up and walks away unexpectedly , leaving his tray on the table .
tr	PAST	He thanked them and hurried out of the alley , looking back once to make sure they weren 't following him .
tr	PRES	One more piece of the puzzle throws the picture off completely .
tr	PAST	His eyebrows merged into the sprouts of gelled hair from above .
tr	PRES	He flashes back and as I push harder I hear his scream .
tr	PAST	" Aine Peck , would you marry me ? "
tr	PRES	As Elliot explains the nature of the tests on the rats to Francesca , she folds her sweater over her arm .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a small pad from his shirt pocket .
tr	PRES	No progress there either . "
tr	PRES	But he misses you ... So do I. Olivia giggled at Alexander 's response .
tr	PAST	He eyed his friend very sharply , seeking urgent entry into his mind .
tr	PRES	" Then she brings out the big guns .
tr	PAST	Many years ago , the Ancients stripped that power and sent her to this time .
tr	PAST	Crawling under a rock appealed tremendously .
tr	PAST	The man faltered , so the silent one answered , " We don 't know . "
tr	PAST	She limped for the front door , pushing through it , going out into the night .
tr	PRES	" How sexy , " I teased .
tr	PAST	" Your sister is off visiting friends , but I am sure she will be back soon , " she reassured Sarah .
tr	PAST	Sergio yawned and turned to me .
tr	PRES	" Cut the crap , Rusty . "
tr	PAST	Darien 's driver 's license resting on a pile of seaweed , thirty years before his birth .
tr	PRES	The nacelle fills up with colors .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked open , and he wondered where he was .
tr	PRES	We arrive to the second session early so we continue to read in the bleachers while the girls finish practicing .
tr	PRES	The professor 's eyes shone brightly with terror .
tr	PRES	He loves this damned hunk of junk . "
tr	PAST	My body jolted backward almost throwing me off the motorcycle .
tr	PRES	Jubilation seeps from every pore of her skin .
tr	PAST	his mother exclaimed when he walked in the house .
tr	PRES	FOURTEEN Jane Doe now A stranger stands before me in the dark , only the outline of his jaw visible .
tr	PAST	" Show them , " Marcus urged her .
tr	PRES	Before I do , I lean in and kiss her , quick and chaste .
tr	PRES	Where r u ? "
tr	PRES	" Ah piss off .
tr	PAST	" I was very impressed by the park , " the mayor stated .
tr	PAST	" Functional , " she countered .
tr	PRES	Elijah opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	He reflected on his good fortune to have found such a wonderful person .
tr	PRES	" Much less creepy . "
tr	PAST	In the looming darkness , his eyes glowed an eerie blue-white .
tr	PRES	The statue whispers to me .
tr	PRES	Viola stands up straight .
tr	PAST	Desdemona cocked her head .
tr	PRES	" Sammy , would you please smack Mak for me ? "
tr	PRES	" Let 's go celebrate . "
tr	PAST	I stomped my foot down and he cursed loudly .
tr	PAST	" Just in general , " I mumbled , hoping she didn 't try to investigate too much further into why I was asking these questions .
tr	PRES	Advaita Vedanta holds that Ultimate Reality ( Brahman ) is identical with one 's true self ( Atman ) and transcends all forms .
tr	PAST	I replayed the night for the millionth time in my head .
tr	PAST	His lips curved up .
tr	PRES	Kim tries to look away , at the clutter of clothes on the next cot and the cot by the door .
tr	PAST	Weldon terminated the call .
tr	PRES	The blast ripples across my shields but doesn 't even knock me over .
tr	PAST	I hopped up the steps and pressed my lips to Callum 's , smiling as he pressed a hand into my back .
tr	PAST	But the sound of my name -- first , middle and last -- jolted me straight out of my reverie .
tr	PRES	" And I assume it isn 't just a random occurrence , like gravity . "
tr	PAST	I feared his reaction , particularly after his earlier outburst .
tr	PRES	Star snorts , upset that I 'm leaving him behind .
tr	PRES	A uniformed cop with short black hair , grayed at the temples , holds a pad of paper in his hand .
tr	PRES	But from time to time he touches his neck scratches , gets an anxiety pang , and thinks about Monday when Warren will return .
tr	PRES	Even now , when I 've been assured there will be no permanent damage , I hunger for air .
tr	PRES	" Little ego problem ?
tr	PAST	I invested my voice , however , with the maximum amount of disinterest that I could muster .
tr	PAST	Mary Elise clutched Trey 's and Austin 's hands while Danny crossed the small conference room .
tr	PAST	I quickly washed my hair and body , even faster than my normal five-minute shower .
tr	PRES	The girl holds out another pack of that fruity stuff .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the bloody wound in his shoulder , noting that it was already healing .
tr	PAST	A wider gap overhead revealed the sun .
tr	PRES	Can you fix it ? "
tr	PAST	I bounced over and hugged him quickly .
tr	PAST	Then she hopped to it , the pain almost forgotten in her new feeling of certainty .
tr	PRES	She dots a kiss just shy of my temple .
tr	PAST	He perused the audience , boasting a dangerous tale , and asked the crowd for silence and meditation to avoid injury .
tr	PRES	" Calm down Jerry and explain yourself . "
tr	PRES	As they hold her down , I lean close to her face .
tr	PAST	He slapped and pressed his hands to the stone and gasped .
tr	PRES	" They belong to Rowan !
tr	PAST	Shane marveled at Terrance 's corner office .
tr	PRES	I hugs him to me and rocks back and forth and say , Ah , Charlie , Charlie , over and over and over .
tr	PAST	Her words replayed in my head and infuriated me .
tr	PAST	I stomp the soil with my boot toe , nodding and smiling with fun playfully like , before .
tr	PAST	Flakes of marshmallow ash dusted his mouth and cheeks .
tr	PAST	They split up in Holland according to Sophie , so Devlin must have given it to him then . "
tr	PAST	" All right , all right , " he caved , handing her the can .
tr	PAST	* On Steve 's insistence , Lavina and Cathy crawled in the sleeping bag together and he zipped it up .
tr	PRES	Peeking at my reflection in the mirror one last time , I quickly smooth on Reagan 's sheer lip gloss to add some color to my face .
tr	PAST	hissed the giant lizard as it wheeled around .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck and she felt the sides of his fangs pushing against her throat in careful nudges .
tr	PAST	His fingers weaved through my hair .
tr	PAST	For the author , one James Randall , now apparently deceased , claimed that this wasn 't an emotional enemy .
tr	PRES	He swears on the life of his son . "
tr	PAST	Prissy blamed herself for not seeing the signs - we all did .
tr	PAST	Surprise washed through her , especially since she hadn 't danced with anyone other than her aunt and uncle .
tr	PRES	" A bit of a double standard , hmm ?
tr	PAST	I clasped my hands together to stop them from shaking .
tr	PAST	Somewhere outside of the apartment complex an owl hooted .
tr	PRES	" Tate , " the operative mumbled as she read aloud .
tr	PAST	As he watched , plumes of inky black swirled within his irises , barely visible against the rich brown color .
tr	PAST	From there , he installed it in one of The Colony vehicles .
tr	PAST	A metal tube extended out to the ship .
tr	PRES	Leah held her arms out to Tess , gold bracelets jangling in the silence .
tr	PRES	Yeah , rough pretty much describes my life right now . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm glad , " he lied , doing his best to fake enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	My hunger deepened , and so did the kiss , my tongue touching hers , lightly teasing .
tr	PAST	No one dared to tell what was there and no one dared to finish reading it .
tr	PRES	Grigio grits his teeth .
tr	PAST	She strapped on her holster and gun , pulled on her jacket , and was in the car within five minutes of the phone call .
tr	PAST	The stars revealed their glorious light that night as the leaves of the trees danced by the soft gust of the night breeze .
tr	PAST	Sali fidgeted in Winkler 's guest chair .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth 's mind seized .
tr	PRES	" Look who 's talking , " I mutter to myself , but then I bite my tongue .
tr	PRES	" Zip it , Matilda .
tr	PRES	" The invitation still stands .
tr	PRES	He stares at me still , unconvinced , ready to come to my aid .
tr	PRES	Her gentle touch on my arm stops me .
tr	PAST	A low growl rumbled up from Philippe 's chest , frightening Marguerite with its unadulterated menace .
tr	PRES	" Do it then , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes love kills . "
tr	PRES	" You have amazing hands , " I mutter with my eyes remaining shut as my mind drifts off towards sleep .
tr	PAST	The woman cowered , lowering her head and pulling her arms protectively against her own body .
tr	PAST	Her eyes twinkled at me .
tr	PAST	He withdrew and jolted back into her , hard and fast .
tr	PAST	I slapped it away , too angry to find compassion , even for my own mother .
tr	PAST	I panicked , kicking the horse into a gallop with the space still too tight .
tr	PRES	" Not with my cloak on .
tr	PAST	It disintegrated beneath their weight .
tr	PAST	" Brian should have volunteered to get you your soda .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not a servant and neither is Morris , " I exclaimed .
tr	PRES	He likes Mommy . "
tr	PAST	I squinted as the light above Alfonso 's head flickered in my line of vision .
tr	PRES	Something flashes in his eyes .
tr	PAST	She still lied on the ground where she had fallen .
tr	PAST	Toni giggled , " I haven 't forgotten ; you asked that you could be with me when my wish came true . "
tr	PAST	" Not really , how about some Japanese , " she inquired ?
tr	PAST	He circled Battista , rubbing his hands together like a miser about to count his gold .
tr	PAST	Joe cocked his head and looked at Scott over the top of his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	Moving across James 's signature from that morning , she scribbled her name and added the time .
tr	PAST	I appointed myself as the reader , because that was one of my very few talents .
tr	PRES	" A former resort , anyway .
tr	PRES	" Um , probably everybody at this point .
tr	PAST	Her breath froze in her lungs as she caught sight of Devon standing by the mantle .
tr	PAST	" Clear , " Lucia announced .
tr	PRES	But he likes my pretending too much to admit it .
tr	PAST	' You 're a jackass , ' he stated darkly without preamble .
tr	PRES	A large bay window fills the center of the back wall .
tr	PRES	The first person begins to scream and my body cringes at the sound .
tr	PRES	I mutter it under my breath as I head over to Central Park .
tr	PRES	His thrashing suddenly stops as I hear the door click closed behind me .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket , pulls out a weathered , tiny box , and hands it to me .
tr	PRES	Trystan releases me and looks up confused .
tr	PAST	He just assaulted my friend and before you arrived , he confessed to putting cameras in Gwen Hawthorne 's apartment and - " " Gwen ! "
tr	PRES	Cautiously she braced her shaky legs , then leaned back and pulled with every ounce of strength left in her .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me .
tr	PAST	" That 's what I thought ; I just wanted an expert opinion , " Rick revealed .
tr	PRES	He reaches for his wallet and hands the driver fifty dollars and tells him to keep the change .
tr	PAST	I quietly scooted down the hall and paused outside the bathroom door .
tr	PRES	He taps the rolled up menu against his knee .
tr	PRES	Cold air fills the cab as Luke cracks the window .
tr	PRES	" The one with the blue ribbon ! "
tr	PRES	I succeed in hacking off two massive cuts of tender and bloodied meat .
tr	PAST	" Let go , " he urged hotly .
tr	PAST	Chase unzipped her skirt , slid a palm under her backside and lifted her , tugging the skirt off with a jerk .
tr	PRES	The scan finishes and a green light flashes .
tr	PAST	Morgan abruptly unleashed another volley of telekinetic energy .
tr	PAST	Her heart sped up .
tr	PAST	As the group prepared for war , they awaited news of a retrogression .
tr	PRES	She stands up and looks down at me .
tr	PRES	But he holds on to me , his hand slamming against the wall to keep us both on our feet .
tr	PAST	William meandered to the other side of the kitchen near Charlie , his breathing strained .
tr	PRES	" Wait here , " he whispers before sprinting to the living room across the hall , like he has lost his mind .
tr	PRES	Cricket stands , almost knocking over his chair in a rare moment of clumsiness .
tr	PAST	Many wept and softly talked about how wonderful life was having both of them in theirs .
tr	PRES	The next thing I knew , you were waking me up , Cain . "
tr	PRES	And on the baby 's bottom , a big brown birthmark .
tr	PRES	Her eyes flit toward the rearview mirror , and for a split second , they meet yours .
tr	PAST	I crawled for her , but humans had me by the arms and then the waist .
tr	PRES	Josh loves that stuff .
tr	PAST	She stormed off to her room .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not afraid of you , " I sneer .
tr	PAST	Since that man knew she was his as wife , he never bothered pursuing her .
tr	PRES	" That 's nice , " Nina mutters , reaching for her camera .
tr	PRES	It is enough to say Reynolds couldn , t endure the agony .
tr	PAST	She barged past his seat and quickly stormed down the carriage .
tr	PRES	" We 're here , " he explains .
tr	PRES	He sneaks off for a few minutes to look around , and returns just as his unit is marching west to the wall protecting the city .
tr	PAST	" Tylenol doesn 't sit well on my stomach , " I lied .
tr	PAST	A thick mass of seaweed slapped against his face , temporarily blinding Daniel .
tr	PAST	No one bothered to share any test results with me .
tr	PRES	The door opens and secret service agents walk in , Meryl following close behind .
tr	PAST	Good grief , she thought to herself , her father acted like this was the nineteen sixties and a leather jacket immediately spelled trouble .
tr	PRES	" Commander Pierce ? "
tr	PAST	Together , we hauled our trunks down the stairs and deposited them upon the landing .
tr	PRES	" But not identical .
tr	PAST	Despite her fatigue , the thought of the departure line protocol actually perked her right up .
tr	PAST	He flicked a strand from his eyes as he waited for my response .
tr	PAST	From my perch on the John Deere , I clutched the umbrella stand with my scratched and sore left hand and watched the field workers bounce along .
tr	PRES	His hand slides down my back and he crushes my body into his until there 's no space left between us .
tr	PAST	The events and characters described herein are imaginary and are not intended to refer to specific places or living persons .
tr	PRES	Staring at him , I cal , " Yo , Marie .
tr	PRES	" Obviously not , " I teased .
tr	PAST	She eyed a yellow gown , but it just seemed a little too ... perky .
tr	PAST	She squinted through the sun , so bright and hot on this late May day .
tr	PRES	He stretches a hand out to me for assistance .
tr	PRES	As soon as we make eye contact , she loses control and rushes toward me .
tr	PRES	A mosquito lands on my shoulder , and I swat it away with a wince I can 't repress .
tr	PRES	At first my head draws a blank .
tr	PAST	" I sort of quit .
tr	PRES	" General , continue as planned ; total neutrality on this end until further developments occur .
tr	PAST	" You staked a vampire with a number two pencil . "
tr	PRES	A blessedly uneventful week that went off without so much as a hiccup .
tr	PAST	" His right leg also appears to be swelling , but I don 't think it is broken , " the young healer reported .
tr	PAST	she squealed , throwing her arms around me in a giant hug .
tr	PRES	Three towers that connected to a center fort .
tr	PAST	Darius yawned and his shoulders slumped as if he were exhausted .
tr	PRES	" Draw straws ? "
tr	PAST	What bothered him was his sudden reluctance to venture where she waited .
tr	PAST	Three days later he plunged northward along trails known only to Natives .
tr	PAST	At least half the panel either smoked now or had been regular smokers in the past .
tr	PAST	Riley motioned for her to stop and she slowly sat back down .
tr	PAST	The front door exploded outward and chunks of wood peppered the grass in front of the house .
tr	PRES	" Told ya you needed to get out , " Beth teased .
tr	PAST	Holly froze , right before her face wrinkled .
tr	PRES	You and me , we belong together !
tr	PAST	Carol screeched , raising her hand .
tr	PRES	Mostly we steal it from - " I spun around and nearly yanked her to her feet ... at a police station , no less .
tr	PAST	Tracy 's tone brightened ; one thing to have gone right .
tr	PAST	Buried to the hilt , he froze , locked his muscles and fought for control as sensation scorched a lava trail up his spine .
tr	PRES	" There 's coffee , " I bargain .
tr	PRES	Check out my digs , " Jason states sarcastically .
tr	PAST	Anne experienced a type of paralysis that seemed to freeze not only her body , but time itself .
tr	PRES	The hours drag , especially at home or when I have free time at school .
tr	PAST	" Wasn 't it ruled arson ? "
tr	PAST	Tom started after the two boys , his heart slowed but still beat faster than normal .
tr	PAST	I just prayed Sophie would be fine .
tr	PRES	He sees that the other 8 or so dimensions are just as distinguishable from one another .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you here , gentlemen ? "
tr	PRES	He parties way too much .
tr	PRES	A memory tickles at my mind and I throw off the blindfold .
tr	PRES	He opens the door to the study room and ushers me through .
tr	PAST	She crawled over the foot of the bed and snuggled up beside him .
tr	PAST	Others lounged by the stream and dipped their claws into the current .
tr	PAST	They quickly exited the building to assess the situation without immediate fear of danger .
tr	PRES	" Ew to the extreme , " she teased breathlessly .
tr	PRES	" I , um , well ... " " Out with it , " I say before swallowing .
tr	PRES	You make the battery smaller , you increase its range and application .
tr	PAST	Cale cocked a brow and let his gaze sweep over her .
tr	PAST	When they got to the south parlor , Sam froze in his tracks .
tr	PRES	I almost crack a smile at the nickname .
tr	PAST	It jabbed its elbows in the ground and clambered after me .
tr	PRES	Holder stands up and shakes her hand in return .
tr	PRES	They shout names : the names of their neighbors , their family , their enemies , their friends .
tr	PAST	Blood Mama currently advised Budda on what he should do about his father .
tr	PAST	He exhaled in a loud rush of air .
tr	PRES	Michael stands before me .
tr	PRES	" Everything tastes better on it .
tr	PAST	Dad fiddled around for a minute and brought up a map on the screen .
tr	PRES	" I still haven 't spoken to him , " mumbled Pandora , feeling guilty .
tr	PAST	He replaced the art back on the walls and then found the vacuum to clear away the splinters left from the destruction of his father 's desk .
tr	PAST	He seized hold of the creature , and with swift brutality , finished it off .
tr	PRES	This time she did , her footsteps slapping on the pavement .
tr	PRES	" But ... " Ivy tries to argue .
tr	PAST	" It bothered me all last night .
tr	PRES	Finally , we arrive and immediately become the center of attention .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , rising .
tr	PAST	At first I blamed myself , but then I looked at my kids and became so , so angry at him for leaving them .
tr	PAST	She tugged him out the doors and into the magic shop .
tr	PAST	I washed and dried a couple of dishes while I tried to imagine what Claude and Niall might be doing at this moment .
tr	PAST	With a leap , he fled back into the world .
tr	PAST	Sliding out of her brother 's truck , Paige stifled a wince at Vic 's overprotective tone .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , and in that brief moment of silence , Day realizes the answer .
tr	PRES	" I better oblige her this one , " and he left .
tr	PAST	Mack eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	She refrained from crying out , and just managed to stay on her feet .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself into a sitting position most of the day .
tr	PRES	He glances at the photo , then at Nathan , who at that moment turns from the window .
tr	PAST	Emma muffled Paramore once again .
tr	PAST	I wrung out the washcloth and hung it neatly over the sink divider .
tr	PRES	" You ok Zohar ? "
tr	PAST	She described the lovely wedding they had , and the fancy things he had bought her , showing them the bottle of perfume as proof .
tr	PRES	I detect for a living , but the answer to that one came from my heart , not my head .
tr	PRES	This feeling of warmth floods through me , embraces me , and with all of my soul I call to him .
tr	PRES	Flames that will crush them if they ever show me their ugly shapes again . "
tr	PRES	He holds her close for a while , until the call of the dance draws her back .
tr	PAST	Concentrating on Zane 's knowledge of how to make his astral projection work , Cassie split herself to create two other versions .
tr	PRES	Never , ever , brings me a present " Cassandra shuddered .
tr	PRES	" My mom passed out cold , " Derek teased .
tr	PRES	" No illicit flirting ? "
tr	PAST	" I sure hope you 're right about all this , " Violet exclaimed .
tr	PRES	He tends to get a little carried away . "
tr	PRES	' Hence the importance of our training , eh ? '
tr	PRES	He reaches in my direction and touches my hair .
tr	PAST	Everything she knew or ever learned about the way men and women acted together when they found themselves alone vanished from her memory .
tr	PRES	" Or maybe an alley ? "
tr	PAST	Rosetta and Violetta merged as one Kingdom last year . "
tr	PRES	After three hours , Sabine returns bearing satellite photos of the criminals ' cabin .
tr	PAST	She slapped one of my knives away , then the other one .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know if that 's such a good idea , " Dean countered before the driver moved the car .
tr	PRES	She twirls a clump of her hair with one finger .
tr	PAST	The bed bore only Misty 's imprint and rumpled covers .
tr	PRES	A procession of rises and falls far beyond my years or experience to fully absorb .
tr	PAST	He grunted like a wild beast and started working his way between my thighs .
tr	PAST	She taps her fingers on the keyboard and then reads the screen .
tr	PRES	On it lies what I presume to be the body of the deceased .
tr	PAST	Forging forward once again on my knees , I freeze in my tracks as my hand sweeps over a set of shoes .
tr	PRES	" Look , I wanted to thank you , Alec . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew , lying back down but not touching her .
tr	PAST	His black brows inched toward each other and deepened his omnipresent frown line .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck , pressing her swollen belly tighter against him .
tr	PRES	" Say it again , " I begged .
tr	PRES	He pushes through faint webs of dust .
tr	PRES	" If people revolt on this , fuck 'em .
tr	PAST	Maddy clutched the book in her hands .
tr	PAST	Jason 's gaze flicked to and from her a number of times before he finally assented .
tr	PAST	She trusted Justine to guide the medics around the debris and to the child .
tr	PRES	A strong wind begins to blow .
tr	PAST	Fire pinched her fingers and her arms emptied .
tr	PAST	Chapter 32 Celaena awoke in her own bed , and knew there would be no more sedatives in her water .
tr	PAST	I leaped up off the ground with my sword and swung it at Lilith .
tr	PAST	Alec 's mouth curved .
tr	PAST	Archer 's mouth curved in amusement , and I think it was the first time I saw him really smile .
tr	PRES	What if the metal holding the plane together rips off in the air and peels away like tissue paper ?
tr	PAST	He tugged on my jacket .
tr	PAST	Eventually we opted for Moylan .
tr	PAST	She thanked him again .
tr	PRES	" Oh , then lets party at her place ! "
tr	PRES	And I assume I do not need to tell you that peak hour traffic is responsible for 10 % of this city 's carbon emissions .
tr	PAST	I lay behind her , my head propped in my hand .
tr	PAST	" Somehow the Leopard organized them here , armed them . "
tr	PAST	She motioned behind the main desk toward a door I hadn 't noticed before .
tr	PRES	She whipped her arms out , knocking his hands away , and turned .
tr	PAST	They eyed my card , seeming pleased with the offer .
tr	PRES	Raoul and Fellow vanish as it swallows them whole , then Uriel and then me .
tr	PRES	As my head spins out of control , the limo door opens .
tr	PRES	Nina proceeds to take the blood sample , cleaning the area with alcohol on a cotton ball , then inserting the needle gently at an acute angle .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Sitting up straight in his cart , he tipped his hat , always a gentleman .
tr	PRES	" Demanding wench . "
tr	PAST	Peter turned and looked at the musician as well , he cocked one eye when he saw him .
tr	PAST	He clutched tightly to the giant 's waist .
tr	PRES	" Cheater , " he whispers , nudging me with his elbow .
tr	PAST	Deni sensed other Shifters in yards and on porches down the street coming alert , watching too .
tr	PRES	" I really miss you guys , " Suzy states , her voice cracking .
tr	PRES	Her brown eyes shone with intelligence , and Carol liked her right away .
tr	PRES	She tries to visit our customers at least once a year and they 're all over the state . "
tr	PAST	What it would be like to walk in her shoes for a sun - strong , fearless , feared .
tr	PAST	Dust and debris and truck exhaust swirled around them as he groped for the ladder they 'd used last night .
tr	PAST	" He cost my father a pretty penny , but he was worth it ! "
tr	PAST	He grimly dismissed the voice of doom .
tr	PAST	I thanked Professor Johnson again before heading out the door and wishing him a happy summer .
tr	PRES	Her arms drop to her sides and her body melts into mine .
tr	PAST	Joe slapped his son , right on the bloody spot of his head , knocking him to the ground .
tr	PRES	The man stares at the ring , and unexpectedly , his eyes fill with tears .
tr	PAST	I ' l even roast it for you . "
tr	PAST	Vegetation painted the slopes in variegated hues of greens and browns .
tr	PAST	Tucker 's deep voice boomed , " Scott ! "
tr	PAST	Staring up into a pair of piercing blue eyes she thought might believe anything she said , she uttered " The sun rise . "
tr	PRES	I belong here he thought .
tr	PAST	It was not without pain and vigor , but day by day , she instilled less and prayed more , we crawled before we could fly .
tr	PAST	He aggressively scrawled his name on one of the GNC agreements , then grabbed for another set of documents .
tr	PRES	Logan pans over the bowling alley until his eyes snag on a bunch of cheerleaders from West .
tr	PAST	" Not far to go " , his companion grunted .
tr	PRES	An ' it also falls down to me to give you a quick introduction to who 's who here .
tr	PRES	" And if we had definite evidence ? "
tr	PAST	Lisa tugged my arm .
tr	PRES	A thick , dark anger begins to build inside me .
tr	PRES	In danger of losing his business and house , he steals designs from an outfit known for innovative products and bleeding edge development .
tr	PRES	" I assume he 's ready to call my friend Bobo to tell him what he has to do to get me returned .
tr	PAST	" Then the book just flung open and stopped on some random page . "
tr	PRES	Every hair on my body stands up , and I lift my hand from her knee and thread my fingers with hers so she 'll stop .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PAST	" Cheese , bread and an apple - to break your fast as we ride , " he announced .
tr	PAST	He threaded it under her hair and tied it into a floppy bow on top of her head .
tr	PRES	Some serious stuff , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He donned a T-shirt , pair of shorts , and with a wink , climbed the stairs .
tr	PRES	' Can it withstand extreme heat ? " '
tr	PRES	" But ... " Evie begins .
tr	PAST	She motioned for him to clip it to his collar .
tr	PRES	I shout , making a bull rush toward her .
tr	PAST	Brittany and Jones busted out laughing .
tr	PAST	Leo opted not to answer that one .
tr	PRES	She opens a few boxes of mouldy buns , wrinkles up her nose .
tr	PRES	He bent down , his knuckles grazing the desk .
tr	PRES	" Do elves only build in the trees ? "
tr	PAST	He preferred his victories when his opponent was at full strength .
tr	PAST	" The senator harassed her for years , and now she 's free of him . "
tr	PRES	One of Coin 's men lays a hand on my arm .
tr	PAST	I preferred the old films .
tr	PAST	He suckled and groaned around her nipple as he tensed to come , and when she exploded , he shot hotly inside her .
tr	PAST	Slowly he scooted toward the back of the truck easing the blanket with him before he slid to the ground .
tr	PAST	Katherine floated down the stairs looking every inch the duchess , and every inch the seductress .
tr	PAST	My surroundings froze and disintegrated around me as a picture of SFC Pritchard flashed onto the screen .
tr	PRES	Logan slides back into the booth .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he said , " Find anything you like back there , baby ? "
tr	PAST	The large man regarded her with an unreadable face and removed his hands from the teacups , folding them on the table before him and smiled .
tr	PAST	Mortimer certainly didn 't miss it , his head cocked to one side as a funny quirk pulled at his brow .
tr	PAST	I smacked my forehead with the palm of my hand .
tr	PAST	He withdrew the thin device causing Tethys ' chest to heave and blood to pour from the wound and over her dark skin .
tr	PRES	It occurs to him that he knows every person here .
tr	PRES	" Oh , everyone loves you , Bryce Evans . "
tr	PAST	Trey tickled Mary Francis under the chin .
tr	PAST	" He stuffed a pill inside my mouth and said to focus on a memory .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , " Kylie whipped her head and narrowed her eyes .
tr	PAST	Ryan sorted through the pile , selected a stone , and passed it to Jack .
tr	PRES	Sitting back in her chair , Evie reaches out a hand and takes mine in hers .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	It buzzed all around the shelter , seeking a way to get at those inside .
tr	PAST	Time passed with such inexorable swiftness , she reflected .
tr	PAST	Reaching for her husband , she urged him down so that he was sprawled across her .
tr	PRES	The silence stretches on and , just when I 'm about to mouth off again , Trick 's cell phone rings .
tr	PRES	It was widening quickly , the jagged crack becoming a vast chasm with sheer sides that dropped away into shadow .
tr	PAST	A man named Racer . "
tr	PAST	" Wouldn 't dream of it , " Neil lied .
tr	PAST	I inhaled one last time and dove back down again .
tr	PRES	He smiled back at me , his white teeth gleaming against his pale skin .
tr	PRES	A door opens in a house across the street and a woman with a perm walks to the sidewalk to check her mail .
tr	PRES	" And the glove ? "
tr	PAST	Ryan slapped her backside as she got out .
tr	PAST	" I 'll hold back a bit , " Berit volunteered .
tr	PAST	The ship floated free .
tr	PRES	I lean in to him , but he pulls gently away .
tr	PRES	Light from the window shone through as the sun began rising over the trees .
tr	PAST	His torn sweatpants flapped in the freezing breeze , exposing his leg to the elements .
tr	PRES	Amber reaches out and takes my hand , squeezing it as she continues racing down the driveway .
tr	PAST	He eyed the others speculatively .
tr	PAST	Winston retreated to the back of the workshop with his book and his mech wolf " assistants . "
tr	PAST	' Five , ' I countered . '
tr	PRES	The moon shone over my shoulder , reflecting brightly off the cloud 's pale surface .
tr	PAST	Diana represented white as surely as Faye did red .
tr	PRES	I mutter more to myself as Jacob comes through the door .
tr	PRES	Was it witnessed ? "
tr	PAST	Finally , moving quickly , they coated my body in a thin layer of oil so that it glistened .
tr	PRES	He slowly brings his mouth to mine and our lips meet .
tr	PRES	He threads his fingers through mine , then slowly brings my hand up to his lips and kisses it .
tr	PRES	" She had no idea about the game , Stephanie , " Trevor points out .
tr	PRES	" Certainly before tomorrow sunset .
tr	PRES	Jack reaches into his cooler and whips out the last string cheese and hands it to me before taking off down the hall .
tr	PRES	Pop talks to break the boredom .
tr	PAST	I squinted , keeping my eyes as closed as I could to shield them from the glare .
tr	PAST	Three days later , I received a notice to report for an Air Corps physical examination .
tr	PAST	Slightly saddened to see them going .
tr	PRES	he snaps pulling his shotgun up .
tr	PRES	The woman flips the card back over as if it 's the worst card in the deck .
tr	PAST	Jones and Brittany hollered , screamed , and tugged at us both .
tr	PAST	The speakerphone buzzed on Hatch 's desk , announcing Ethan 's arrival .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled , reminding me that dinner had been a long time ago and Charlotte had mentioned something about breakfast in the morning .
tr	PAST	Her face stained with silent tears Mary caressed her abdomen , the last link to her husband .
tr	PAST	The two stole across the room , coming to an abrupt halt as they realized what materialized in front of them .
tr	PRES	Whenever a stream of wind proceeded past us , it danced and swayed off in the direction of the potent wind itself .
tr	PAST	The shadow 's eyes glowed blue from the depths of the darkness .
tr	PRES	" A mile or so away . "
tr	PAST	Above his head , colorful leaves rustled in the late afternoon breeze .
tr	PRES	Her skin was damp with sweat , her limbs trembling , her sex weeping .
tr	PRES	( As if Neal had left Georgie and also kicked her out of the house . )
tr	PRES	" Make him take you to the Wellness Center tonight , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Beside the bed , a glow of lamplight revealed a pool of wet pirate clothing on the floor and a pair of jeans hooked over the bedpost .
tr	PRES	" She deserves it . "
tr	PAST	I squinted but couldn 't see anything beyond people dining at the tables near the windows .
tr	PRES	" All right , all right , " I mutter , and set off after Emerson .
tr	PRES	Not my actual house , which is currently strangling me with the lies that I 've been told .
tr	PRES	Serena points to the squiggly line .
tr	PRES	Viola 's rowing furiously to keep us outta the current but she 's weak from the drugs and we 're getting farther and farther away .
tr	PRES	" Like I really want to hear about it , " he mumbled , as he walked away .
tr	PAST	" No little one , I 'm not , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Hobbs mumbled something about leaving us alone and then left the room .
tr	PRES	As for him , living in the forest , I assume he is confined to that space .
tr	PAST	He flicked through the twenty pages of writing , all separated neatly into sections .
tr	PAST	Lily willed him to act out a part for the camera .
tr	PRES	The fourth match , the puzzle tests both math and geometrical skills along with common knowledge reflecting the planets and citizens of the unknown universe .
tr	PAST	She grieved for the unknown girl , knowing that if her own life didn 't change , she 'd die just as anonymously .
tr	PRES	I estimate that we 've made it about a mile from the circumference of the county , so we 're out of sniper range .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the advice , Martin , " Max sighs .
tr	PRES	" Like that , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Steve begins to feel uneasy .
tr	PRES	He lets out a noisy breath .
tr	PRES	They were distorted , unimaginable shapes that the kind moon transformed into things that were almost believable .
tr	PAST	' Fuck , ' I uttered , stumbling off the end of the moving sidewalk .
tr	PAST	In an effort to get closer , I hooked my leg over his hip .
tr	PAST	Jealousy exploded around his heart .
tr	PRES	" The warrior returns !
tr	PRES	A mild feeling of alarm passes through me , but the world is too fuzzy for me to process it or dwell on it .
tr	PRES	" One kiss , " he begged .
tr	PRES	" No shit , Sherlock , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and throws me that smile and I hear myself yell , " Are you a senior ? "
tr	PAST	The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated .
tr	PRES	" Once schoolwork really kicks in , it slows down a bit .
tr	PRES	Except she hears laughter behind them .
tr	PAST	" I 've decided to take the rest of the day off , " she announced , quickly rising to her feet .
tr	PAST	It circled the athletic fields , looped and backtracked to the first mile .
tr	PRES	Coming to the end of the loop , the engine joins a track west .
tr	PAST	Marla jabbed her elbow in Rachel 's side .
tr	PAST	We clipped pictures of dresses from magazines , pictures of food , cakes and more .
tr	PAST	I risked looking out from under my protective chair to see who was in my kitchen apparently disassembling machinery .
tr	PRES	The plasma changes into a fuzzy screen , an elder Male stands in the grassy park holding a tree branch in hand .
tr	PAST	Marcus transformed back to normal , my blade still inside him , and I could see that it hurt him way more than the blade going in .
tr	PAST	Cole presses his fingers against my skin , wiping away the blood .
tr	PAST	His pulse slowed to a hundred beats per .
tr	PAST	She mirrored his actions , heedless to the audience they had .
tr	PAST	Staring down at her hands , she pretended to be engrossed by her nails .
tr	PAST	He was flushed with anger , teeth gritted , veins corded in his neck .
tr	PRES	The words scratch at my throat .
tr	PRES	You can 't kill ' em with elements you know , " he points out , stumbling a step as he turns to face the charging ninja .
tr	PAST	Christopher crumpled up a piece of paper and threw it at his head .
tr	PAST	Tommy pinched his arm , and pointed .
tr	PRES	" About what , Sire ? "
tr	PRES	He flicks on lights in a huge room .
tr	PRES	" You don 't appear to be fine with it , " she pointed out , her stomach dipping the slightest bit when her body brushed his .
tr	PRES	" Congratulations , " Ethan said , slapping Dare on the back .
tr	PRES	Everything you say brings up more questions than answers .
tr	PAST	He froze , fighting against the panic that the strain of the past few days had been too much for her .
tr	PAST	" Quiet , " he grunted , his own breath coming fast and short , not from the effort , but from his dread .
tr	PAST	Geary scoffed at Kat 's nonchalance .
tr	PAST	First Owen took the dogs for a walk and laughed at the amount of attention they received .
tr	PAST	She tensed , and turned her head slightly as fingers with incomprehensible strength closed around her and pulled her into the ruthless void .
tr	PRES	He begins fumbling with the badge on his chest .
tr	PRES	What if it changes our relationship ? "
tr	PRES	I hesitate , though , because I don 't know how it would feel to speak the truth .
tr	PRES	James opens the front door and throws the remains of the apple outside .
tr	PAST	He smacked her fleshy backside .
tr	PAST	Roach crawled back through the cubicles to the fire escape .
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger at me .
tr	PAST	For a moment she pondered on what she ought to do , and recalled how near she was to the gate of the ghouls ' black kingdom .
tr	PRES	Massive , dense gardens surround the house from every side , holding every flower imaginable .
tr	PRES	The rest of the items in the desk actually belong to the consulate .
tr	PRES	The circus of my body opens up .
tr	PRES	" Crush the rubble and pass a suitable solvent through it , the gold particles dissolve , and it is all made very possible .
tr	PRES	But she dreaded it .
tr	PAST	Almost instantly something emerged .
tr	PRES	" Are you saying I stink ? "
tr	PAST	Moments later they rocketed into the narrow canyon .
tr	PRES	" My third Legacy .
tr	PAST	He exploded to his dressing room .
tr	PRES	" So , about my business proposition .
tr	PAST	The marauder 's war hammer swooped through the air , and Ward easily dodged it by moving to the side .
tr	PAST	" Well , I 'm starving , " Daphne piped up .
tr	PAST	His small facial features and thin compressed lips revealed his reserved and single-minded nature .
tr	PRES	I crack a smile as I unlatch the door .
tr	PRES	We all have pasts .
tr	PAST	Unsure of how to react , Michael stormed out of his daughter 's bedroom , into his office and slammed the door shut .
tr	PAST	He crouched down , held his arms out ahead of him and then dived forwards .
tr	PRES	He finally stops and I watch as he stands loosely with his hands on his hips .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later I emerged from the dressing room clad in the new outfit .
tr	PAST	This , though , probably topped the list .
tr	PAST	He winged his way over the forest canopy toward the cabin housing the three hunters .
tr	PAST	We exhaled , practically in unison .
tr	PRES	He allows me to watch cartoons longer than I should .
tr	PRES	Sean 's eyes flit away , disappointed by whatever he sees in Daly 's face , and then they find me .
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PAST	It swirled as if carried on the wind .
tr	PRES	Could I have freaked her out somehow ?
tr	PRES	No one trusts you .
tr	PRES	The full moon shone brightly on the beach , and the party goers spread out in all directions along it .
tr	PAST	He even created a sister black cube designed to be a relay point for the Pandora unit tied to my office .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled inside her ear .
tr	PAST	I stiffened and smiled at her .
tr	PRES	And he reaches for me .
tr	PAST	She stormed past him with an equal lack of reaction , but he did not leave her mind .
tr	PAST	He flicked his fingers and the metal of the table sprang up around my wrist .
tr	PAST	" Gretchen advised me to be patient and wait for you to let me into your world . "
tr	PRES	He 's still standing with James , his forehead lightly resting against his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Never you idiot priest !
tr	PRES	" Of course we do , Harmonia .
tr	PRES	" Skyla Messenger . "
tr	PRES	He stands in the archway , parting his lips .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Mia ?
tr	PRES	" Space pirates ! "
tr	PAST	I lied to save my life .
tr	PRES	The Law protects us . "
tr	PRES	Jacques remembers very little of his past .
tr	PAST	He briefly entertained the idea of calling her and checking in , but she hadn 't called him .
tr	PAST	The experiences provided an understanding of that expression which contrasted greatly with my previous interpretations .
tr	PAST	Her body immediately tensed at the sudden intrusion until a familiar hand stroked down her back .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	" Well , how fortunate that I was in the area .
tr	PRES	But he loves not to have his birth dwelt upon . "
tr	PAST	Finally the great light of those thicker fungi revealed a sinister green and grey vastness pushing up through the roof of the forest and out of sight .
tr	PAST	Noelle stifled a yawn and checked the clock .
tr	PAST	She stiffened at my touch , and I was so damn angry .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it badass ? "
tr	PAST	Haley was stretched out on the soft hay , her best Sunday dress fanned out around her .
tr	PRES	" Trapped with a whole lot of fancy shit , " he puffs out .
tr	PAST	In the morning , the girls and Andromeda organized chocolate figurines inside the big baskets .
tr	PAST	Turning his hand over revealed the effects of the liquid .
tr	PAST	" Nah , my dad stole that from the Hollis library . "
tr	PRES	" Lies , lies .
tr	PRES	" Loser buys dinner ? "
tr	PAST	" God created the angels to serve and worship Him . "
tr	PRES	" The tea should put him to asleep , " Serena whispers to Sasha .
tr	PAST	I automatically froze , and I glared at her .
tr	PRES	Jackson tuned everything out and pulled Stephanie tighter as he watched the paramedics enter the room and tend to his upper arm wound .
tr	PRES	I assume that because Sydney 's mother is the only one with the bright eyes , she must have the most power .
tr	PAST	" Fucking hell , " he muttered and his gaze caught mine , still fogged .
tr	PRES	" This par for the course ? "
tr	PAST	We just adapted our ways to feed during time . "
tr	PAST	The handle slapped the water , and the box danced away .
tr	PRES	" Tandem horseback riding ? "
tr	PAST	Old vets saluted me .
tr	PRES	Low chuckles , then a wave from John as he disappeared , dragging Noi off by the leash .
tr	PAST	He neared the center of the industrial building , which was a series of six generators that powered the estate .
tr	PAST	The light revealed it was a small man in his eighties .
tr	PAST	She pitched her voice to carry across the distance .
tr	PRES	" That much , I gathered , " I murmur , more to myself than to her .
tr	PAST	" Patch would hate to see you like this , " Vee chided , clearly trying to appeal to my conscience .
tr	PAST	Which only served to make her wonder what else he was hiding .
tr	PAST	His voice deepened to that delicious , terrifying timbre that made me tremble and melt all at once .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and stood still under his touch , his arm warm and soft on her bare skin , giving her a feeling of safety .
tr	PRES	No need for lies now .
tr	PRES	" Not the Creator of Life . "
tr	PRES	" What about you and Miss Ames ? "
tr	PRES	" Not one she brought home , " Gloria explains .
tr	PAST	Breeze eyed the grumpy general .
tr	PAST	He hooked a finger under the cuffs , drawing her closer slowly .
tr	PAST	" I don 't believe you , " Viggo finally stated , crossing his arms over his chest .
tr	PRES	But that presents a problem .
tr	PRES	" That 's for sure , " Jack mumbled .
tr	PAST	The road coiled back and forth , gaining in elevation and becoming steeper .
tr	PRES	" Face it , Allie .
tr	PAST	The words boomed around the room .
tr	PRES	Sean reaches for my hand and presses it against his chest .
tr	PRES	" She tastes of power .
tr	PRES	" He plays pro baseball for the San Francisco Hawks . "
tr	PRES	Says I spend too much time at Moss Hill , listening to my grandfather .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and kiss her on the forehead .
tr	PRES	His hard length pushes against my butt cheeks as his lips find the spot on my shoulder that makes me melt .
tr	PAST	He inhaled as he stood and exhaling he turned into a wolf .
tr	PRES	Everyone changes , but how many people can say they have the opportunity to completely change their lives ? "
tr	PAST	" Led us to the treasure , that he did , " concurred his red-headed brother .
tr	PRES	Shadows danced and leapt .
tr	PAST	She might be a little eccentric but she 's not like that , " Michael stated .
tr	PAST	No , she uttered a single word .
tr	PRES	It fits exactly like my old one did .
tr	PAST	Or had she somehow sensed that he was not the man he pretended to be ?
tr	PAST	As he returned to his station , he marveled how they were always on break .
tr	PAST	Black clouds churned in the sky , spitting spiky shards of lightning .
tr	PRES	" Seems like they 're fans of the ... Other Link , " Mai sighs , inspecting the murals herself .
tr	PAST	His rhythm faltered for a couple of beats before he continued , " I wanted to go for one more run down the mountain .
tr	PRES	When the dizziness settles I lean into him .
tr	PRES	Earth belongs to the wolves .
tr	PAST	Seeing our interest , a woman there hooked us up with an older volunteer docent .
tr	PAST	Her hand swiped over her cheek , wiping away a tear that had fallen .
tr	PAST	Afterwards , Ezra thanked his brothers for their help and released them to return to the various sectors they lived in on the planet .
tr	PAST	She groped for her sword , and when she found it she stood up and ran back to the central mound , heedless to any danger .
tr	PAST	" Cass , " Eric rumbled .
tr	PRES	They pile back into the car , racing down the street , back to the sheriff 's house , where their worst fears are confirmed .
tr	PAST	He clasped her hand quickly to check the thumb for warmth and a pulse .
tr	PRES	Startled , she flinched and looked up at him , blue eyes shimmering with tears .
tr	PRES	You ok with that ? "
tr	PAST	A visor protected her face .
tr	PAST	Two men emerged from the car .
tr	PRES	" What kind of recon ? "
tr	PAST	Killing the phone only prevented the dialer from calling the security company .
tr	PRES	" Okay , points well taken .
tr	PRES	The sink drips and drips and drips .
tr	PAST	" There have been many women who would love to snare my David in marriage , " Rose reported .
tr	PAST	" So am I , " claimed Geoffrey .
tr	PAST	Right on cue , another round of lights exploded in the sky and I remembered it was the Fourth of July .
tr	PRES	She squeaks as Tyson , Sam and I share a look .
tr	PAST	Surveying the available movies , she selected an old classic and pressed the buttons .
tr	PRES	I chew the last of the carrot .
tr	PRES	15 OUR PHYSICS TEACHER , Mr. Jefferies , announces that we 'll be taking a field trip to watch an IMAX Theatre film .
tr	PAST	- but more confusing even than that is that she didn 't join Erudite .
tr	PAST	Another voice taunted from just over Toby 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	Above all , he hates the Borgia with a deep and enduring loathing .
tr	PRES	Really , really likes me .
tr	PAST	Finally reaching the corner of the building , Echo crouched and peered around the edge of the wall .
tr	PRES	she hears her sister weep .
tr	PRES	" You really infuriated her , " whispers Miguel with a chuckle .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall for a moment , trying to breathe deeply and stave it off .
tr	PRES	" I 'm saving for a MacBook , " he explains , ruefully waiting for it to power up .
tr	PAST	The walls merged into the floors and ceiling and gave the impression of being in an underground tomb .
tr	PAST	" Lord , " he prayed as he drove home .
tr	PAST	My arms snaked up to his shoulders , brushing through the soft hair at the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	" What kinds of things ? "
tr	PAST	And today he destroyed R. Sammy , whose knowledge had become dangerous .
tr	PRES	Satyr 1 stops dancing and stands stricken , seeming to smell something in the air .
tr	PAST	He fetched the shirt from his drawer .
tr	PAST	The van 's computer announced , " There is a visitor entering . "
tr	PAST	He hopped his slow way through the grasses and shrubs , nervous to be so far from the pond .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the forest .
tr	PRES	" For which her parents forgave her ! "
tr	PRES	" And so am I , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Somewhere out there , Samson awaited her .
tr	PRES	She deserves the best there is .
tr	PAST	Apart from that idiot Silas , of course .
tr	PAST	Lena motioned to leave .
tr	PRES	I lean back into him .
tr	PRES	To meet what force it presents with our own equivalent .
tr	PRES	Josie enters stage left .
tr	PAST	" Did you screw him ? "
tr	PAST	He opted not to offer any more wine .
tr	PAST	I slapped his arm lightly .
tr	PRES	Salah Al ' din ? '
tr	PRES	He glances up from looking at the papers in his hand .
tr	PRES	The man wears a farmer 's straw hat .
tr	PAST	And then he crumpled his brow .
tr	PAST	She calculated the kind of blast radius this huge ship would need - and whether her ship would be in the crossfire .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the shouting and derogatory comments quieted down to a whisper .
tr	PRES	Because of Salina Dubois and all of her damn lies .
tr	PRES	" What kind of fish ? "
tr	PAST	She blamed it on the glass .
tr	PAST	" Neither had I. " Julian 's electric eyes were back on him , a small smile curved his hard mouth .
tr	PAST	Hugh clasped her trembling fingers in his .
tr	PAST	Obi-Wan floated the trooper quickly back to Anakin .
tr	PAST	Mike exclaimed , still ecstatic from the recent altercation .
tr	PAST	She 'd never lied to me about anything .
tr	PRES	' Thanks , ' I mumbled sarcastically .
tr	PRES	" It cured two of them , but had no effect on Rafe .
tr	PRES	Cole reaches out and grabs my arm .
tr	PAST	Hands that created breathtaking works of art .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed in a quite cheery voice .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the weapon in his pocket but kept hold of the trigger .
tr	PAST	Mother continuously announced , " I 'm coming up , Amber . "
tr	PRES	" For as long as the Vampire blood remains in their circulation . "
tr	PRES	" Ravenwood Manor . "
tr	PRES	" That brings me to the most important ground rule of all . "
tr	PAST	Two large skylights revealed the morning sky , casting large swaths of light into the giant room .
tr	PRES	Dante reaches over and squeezes my hand .
tr	PRES	Maybe he hates me , now that we 've had enough time apart for him to think clearly about our friendship .
tr	PRES	A good agent uses whatever means necessary to win .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to speak , but then snaps it shut , dropping his hold on me as he pulls out his knife .
tr	PAST	" Both of you , leave , " Vlad stated .
tr	PRES	" Don 't believe him , Sakura .
tr	PRES	Just a shame . "
tr	PAST	I crawled over and grabbed his hand .
tr	PRES	Devon nodded slowly , his mind spinning as he tried to place all the pieces of the puzzle together .
tr	PRES	" Why prolong it , our suffering ?
tr	PRES	" You 're welcome , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" We evacuate now .
tr	PRES	Because that tragedy belongs to Toby , and he has lived stoically in its aftermath while I escaped relatively unscathed .
tr	PRES	Francesca points to the book in my hand .
tr	PAST	The taxi driver cocked his head slightly left , as if positioning himself to hear more clearly .
tr	PRES	Sean sees the chance and takes it .
tr	PAST	He cleaned the back of his neck and pulled up the front of his shirt .
tr	PAST	And then I ascend into the clouds .
tr	PAST	As it reached its peak Mat smashed his hands down on the keyboard .
tr	PRES	He allows our grandfather to largely run everything .
tr	PRES	He remains a criminal in the letter of the law .
tr	PRES	" Governor , would you have a few minutes to spare ? "
tr	PRES	This concludes our interview . "
tr	PAST	A set of seemingly arbitrary figures provoked a number of questions .
tr	PRES	Next to her , in the passenger seat , Maury begins to moan , a long low wail absent of meaning .
tr	PAST	He tugged me down a short hall off to the left of the family room .
tr	PAST	His arms stole around her and he buried his face in her neck .
tr	PAST	He crawled onto the bed and carefully peered around the edge , past arches , to see people in the library , about twenty feet away .
tr	PRES	She wears a gigantic smile and must have been bewildered by my shocked expression .
tr	PRES	he roars from behind me .
tr	PRES	Fear wove around his fury , along with a heaping mass of guilt .
tr	PRES	Jon stands up and approaches the image , " affirm , what do you know of the war ? "
tr	PAST	The lamp tipped over , nailing Kane in the head .
tr	PAST	Caitlin selected a bottle of wine , and Emerson , who was helping out as a waiter , served it with a flourish .
tr	PAST	You chased ME down .
tr	PRES	She holds it firmly at both of us .
tr	PRES	In the middle of the keypad , a large red button pops out , almost screaming for me to press it .
tr	PRES	He strikes three times in rapid succession .
tr	PRES	With a wink , Cronus whistled loudly and stepped back as the hell hounds pounced forward , their muscles pulsing with strength and determination .
tr	PRES	The woman begins to slowly shuffle a deck of tarot cards .
tr	PRES	The mother walks in , sees me crying , and she knows , her little girl is gone .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't your instructor teach you to only use your martial arts training for self-defense ? "
tr	PAST	No ... flattered ... and pleased .
tr	PAST	How you stole his innocence ?
tr	PRES	" Why Cherie ... ? "
tr	PRES	He holds his hand out , offering to help me up .
tr	PAST	He exhaled when he made out the forms inside -- hides stretched on drying racks .
tr	PAST	" Emma , wait , slow down , " Laurel instructed .
tr	PAST	He elbowed her gently .
tr	PRES	This girl barely moves three feet , then lets the left fielder clean up her mistakes .
tr	PRES	" I 'm okay with it , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	They 're both bleeding now , " Patrice piped in .
tr	PAST	Something exploded inside me .
tr	PAST	Fredrick glazed as a thought pushed into his mind .
tr	PAST	The mask rustled as the man inside it shook his head .
tr	PAST	My lungs jolted into motion , and at last I sucked in a breath .
tr	PRES	" I 'm here , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	The sheriff froze in place , clearly taking it all very seriously .
tr	PRES	We all fantasize about being swept away by our own version of prince charming .
tr	PRES	Brenna sees him for what he is because he is not her true father , and so she is not blinded by love . "
tr	PRES	' Show Chloe his statutory declaration . '
tr	PAST	He scooted his feet across the hardwood floor until the toes of his shoes bumped the toes of hers .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	His body tensed as he fought the intense desire to lose himself in her completely .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" He actually trusted me enough to send me here alone . "
tr	PRES	" But - " " Now , Dreamer ! "
tr	PRES	" Mango orchard ! "
tr	PRES	She pays with a credit card .
tr	PRES	When she is sure every pair of eyes in the Great Hall is on her fist , she opens it .
tr	PRES	" I don 't give a shit , " he snaps into the receiver .
tr	PRES	It pushes me forward and I trip as we begin to move .
tr	PAST	Well , I could think of a few things I liked more , but money wise , this topped the list .
tr	PRES	He reaches behind him and picks the stack of poems up that everyone scored and he throws them in the trash .
tr	PRES	A large bubble burst , spattering out hotter , molten material from the interior .
tr	PAST	' Not bothered if she does . '
tr	PRES	Nora bellows , and drains her glass .
tr	PAST	Mikhail 's arm curved around Raven 's shoulder , swept her into the healing shelter of his body .
tr	PAST	We cheered , whistled and whooped .
tr	PRES	She slides off the edge of the table and turns to face me , though her eyes aren 't really reaching mine .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Collin ? "
tr	PAST	His large frame vibrated with it and his voice hummed with unmistakable menace .
tr	PRES	One more major task remains to be done .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her throat , inhaled her warm , feminine scent , was pleased that his scent lingered over her skin .
tr	PAST	William tensed against her .
tr	PAST	Curious now , she quit smiling .
tr	PAST	The black clouds bore angry patches of scarlet ; beyond these hills the sun rose , but here the night held fast .
tr	PAST	The plank extended into the street , placing the mistletoe at just the right distance to hover over passing cars .
tr	PRES	" He sees me , Stacia .
tr	PAST	He handled claims and so on , but I did all the prep work .
tr	PAST	Claire announced jumping into the conversation ( and obviously deciding that there was something more pressing to be attended to than her hair accessories ) .
tr	PAST	I flicked my eyes to the cover and back to her , trying to maintain an air of nonchalance and disguise my annoyance at her intrusion .
tr	PAST	You quit your job .
tr	PAST	A unified nod instructed the alien to proceed .
tr	PRES	Beyond them were perhaps a dozen more men , some on horseback and the rest on foot , all out of arrow range .
tr	PAST	dad hollered up that stairs , managing to jolt the hell out of me and rattle the china cabinet at the same time .
tr	PAST	Kim trusted him too much .
tr	PRES	He tries to smile .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	When she exhaled , the arcs of pain slowed , then stopped .
tr	PAST	The Dark Knight Emerges from the Valley of Death Fewer and fewer people attended the church from the on .
tr	PRES	Yeah , he likes using his teeth .
tr	PRES	" We should split up , " Luke states .
tr	PRES	I sneer at the cowards .
tr	PRES	' You spoilt everything , you miserable little roach .
tr	PAST	Stepping back into the private employees ' elevator , which is surprisingly empty , I swipe my card then punch 5 on the digital keyboard .
tr	PAST	Tequila sloshed when he lifted the bottle to his mouth .
tr	PRES	Another crack , this time in my side , and I could not spring to my feet .
tr	PRES	Today , though , a golden ray of possibility shone through the clouds , the possibility of forgiveness for his past sins .
tr	PAST	" You 're lying , " the man on the right countered .
tr	PAST	He preferred to pitch his tent , as far away from them as possible .
tr	PRES	Wasn 't it relax ? "
tr	PRES	' It was the boy , he still holds too much hope ; he still believes he can free her and this city . '
tr	PRES	Reece and I both freeze and stare at Dante .
tr	PAST	Nick grunted as his stocky partner trundled off toward one of the trucks .
tr	PAST	I feared sexual intimacy would overwhelm us , that other pleasures we could find together would go undiscovered .
tr	PAST	All in a rush , the countless voices invaded his head , whispering and hissing .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , but the drama was over .
tr	PAST	She stuffed the biscuit down her throat as she took a gulp of orange juice to wash it down .
tr	PRES	Rubbing her arm up to her shoulder he lets her cry , while breathing in the scent of her clean hair and neck .
tr	PRES	And now a cracking sensation rips inside my chest .
tr	PAST	She dealt the cards into groups of two , three , and two .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know where her daughter is and no one else is looking . "
tr	PAST	Rock 's buzzer buzzed .
tr	PRES	I lean back , out of sight from Lucien , and touch her hand lightly with my fingertips .
tr	PRES	We are here , " Madam Enid announces .
tr	PAST	Rushing into things blind isn 't going to help us win , " Riley chided him .
tr	PRES	" You been watchin ' too many soap operas , sis .
tr	PAST	" Yay , me doth come for thou , " he claimed , looking around desperately .
tr	PAST	" There 's no reason good enough , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	The tires squealed as the car shot backward .
tr	PAST	The worm rotated forlornly .
tr	PAST	A wave of fatigue washed over her .
tr	PRES	Vin now holds his Contract .
tr	PRES	Dr. Warren purses her lips and puts her elbows on her desk , leaning forward .
tr	PAST	Then they scored three in the fifth , and Pappy got so mad he went to bed .
tr	PRES	It talks about the woman with child . "
tr	PAST	Stepping nimbly back , and taking only a little of the force obliquely on his shield , Ambrose calmly awaited the next attack .
tr	PAST	They bounced in the tunnel like they 'd been thrown down a steep mountainside .
tr	PAST	I playfully smacked Kellan 's stomach as I came up to him in the kitchen the next morning .
tr	PAST	One of her Girls in Blue reported , " No unusual readings on any scans .
tr	PAST	He phoned the Works Engineer and outlined the problem to him .
tr	PRES	It still tastes of tallow , but its fat content has been pushed up from 15 per cent to 87 per cent .
tr	PAST	She flicked it and below , back toward the wall , a single bulb lit up .
tr	PRES	" Because she doesn 't exist !
tr	PAST	The cop provided an excellent opportunity , one that he just could not pass up .
tr	PAST	he inquired of himself .
tr	PAST	He replayed the tune in his head , nodding along as he did so .
tr	PRES	' ' Yes sweetheart ? "
tr	PRES	When he kisses me , every nerve in my body tingles .
tr	PAST	He urged her backward , driven by some vague notion of getting to the bed .
tr	PRES	He carries a sword toward me that has the flame emblem on the hilt .
tr	PAST	Without seeming to notice , he even adjusted his cravat back into perfect alignment as he sat down again .
tr	PAST	The steam from her lips snaked up to the ceiling .
tr	PRES	The Doge , after a short speech , opens the dinner .
tr	PAST	Mary inquired , hating the hysterical note in her voice , but her body hummed with panic and confusion .
tr	PAST	Jess schooled her features to show nothing of what went on in her mind .
tr	PAST	She dismissed , " Laws are whatever those in power want them to be . "
tr	PAST	Colors exploded and blinded me temporarily .
tr	PAST	The house glowed far away , up a long , gradual slope of grass .
tr	PRES	I crack an ordinary chicken egg into the pot , where it begins to poach .
tr	PAST	The windows glowed dully , but there hadn 't been any lights on inside .
tr	PAST	I eyed him warily .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " he murmurs , running a hand through my hair .
tr	PRES	" Enjoy , Sidney , and have a good time in Chicago .
tr	PRES	When we turn the corner into the last hallway , a web snaps down toward us , but we 're not quite in range .
tr	PAST	Eleanor sought Ian an hour later and found him in Hart 's study .
tr	PAST	Isaac motioned Marie forward , collected her bags , and followed her out the door .
tr	PAST	The dawn light brightened the edges of the hotel window shade as Lucas shrugged on the uniform sweater - Balthazar had ordered supplies for them both online .
tr	PAST	" Really , " Nate 's straight lips curved upwards .
tr	PRES	Their own body supplies the energy , the storage , even the processing . '
tr	PRES	" Just keep it up ... " Boone pops a dirty middle finger in the air and marches over to join me under the Enclave .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , ' this old outfit ' , " Rusty says , glancing left and right then taking another small step closer to me .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Lucy ? "
tr	PRES	She glares at him .
tr	PRES	He always helps me .
tr	PAST	But I faked it because Jace loved him .
tr	PAST	His wide mouth curved into a surprisingly sweet smile , lighting his hawkish eyes and pressing a dimple into one hard cheek .
tr	PAST	Alethea froze at Marc 's cool tone .
tr	PAST	But he , too , doubted that the tactic alone would pressure the White House into doing anything productive .
tr	PAST	" Your father sought it - and failed . "
tr	PRES	The Stone still ringing with the cries of the wounded .
tr	PRES	He grasps the joystick , flicks three switches , and takes aim .
tr	PAST	Four sons , " he repeated , slapping his hand on the polished surface of the table .
tr	PAST	The mist inside the mirror coalesced , and Sebastian 's angular face looked out .
tr	PAST	At dusk we 'll discuss the attack plans , " I announced .
tr	PRES	" Mm-hmm , " she mumbled , and I wanted to silence her and make her moan all at the same time .
tr	PAST	I stomped out of the pen and slammed the gate behind me .
tr	PAST	The bottom of my stomach hollowed out and an ache began in my chest .
tr	PAST	Her taste buds exploded as she carefully swallowed and then dove further into her meal , appeasing her hunger .
tr	PRES	" What about Dexter ? "
tr	PRES	Then I smack my forehead .
tr	PRES	She sighs , exhaling heavily .
tr	PRES	" An ogre . "
tr	PRES	" Holy moly , he 's actually good , sis , I mean really good and that hip action , wow ! "
tr	PAST	Teller swooped in just as the Omega was about to grab her hair and took her upwards with him .
tr	PAST	He squinted his eyes .
tr	PRES	Chapter 40 By lunchtime the spectators began showing up .
tr	PAST	A colleague named Noland introduced himself pleasantly and said he was the head counselor .
tr	PAST	" Strobe , damn it , strobe , " Gator reported .
tr	PAST	" I was here before you , " a second girl spouted .
tr	PAST	Emma 's brain swirled with what she needed to do .
tr	PAST	" They installed a bell on top , with a string leading inside .
tr	PAST	He would be sleeping by the door in case a situation arose .
tr	PAST	A hand slapped across her mouth , and she kicked harder to make up for the loss of sound .
tr	PRES	A few minutes later , I snap out of my daze and wander around to the back of the house .
tr	PAST	Her long nail hooked the chain .
tr	PAST	The more she swallowed , the more fury he saw banked there .
tr	PAST	" I can 't either , Mama , " Victoria lied .
tr	PRES	" At least to provide historical background .
tr	PAST	She eyed me curiously , then beamed .
tr	PAST	She tipped up her glass , finishing the last of her second iced tea .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Miss. .
tr	PAST	I stifled a yawn and nodded wearily .
tr	PAST	The girl skipped back to the doorway and grabbed Billy 's hand .
tr	PAST	I tensed , and Bryan straightened his spine too .
tr	PRES	He flicks his hand up in a whatever sort of gesture .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetie .
tr	PRES	' Non , deux , grand . '
tr	PRES	" Ha , ha , ha .
tr	PRES	Let 's celebrate community , unity , charity and patriotism on this fine day , our day of independence . "
tr	PRES	Luca frowns at me .
tr	PAST	Betsy coiled her arms around his neck as if she were a little girl again , buried her face in his neck .
tr	PAST	Hugh dialed Caroline 's number and got her answering service once again .
tr	PAST	Sawyer crawled in beside me , fired the engine , and flew out of the parking lot .
tr	PAST	He accused your Dad of takin ' up smokin ' again .
tr	PRES	He puffs , pushing even more weight into the door .
tr	PRES	Or both , " Maria hisses under her breath .
tr	PRES	I crave him on his knees in front of me , crave that wicked tongue of his once again taking me over the edge of orgasm .
tr	PAST	All the while the world rumbled and roared .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head as if seeing her from a whole new angle .
tr	PRES	The energy line curves back and forth in a circle around the wire , unusual .
tr	PRES	My destiny lies out there . "
tr	PAST	" I am not building a love nest with Pendleton , " she denied .
tr	PAST	She stiffened at his words .
tr	PRES	Empowered by my words , she returns my kiss with all the passion she can muster .
tr	PRES	Mental coercion , resulting in unlawful possession of highly valuable articles , including jewelry , sports cars , apartments -- " Erin shrugged .
tr	PRES	She stops , tears welling in her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Afraid not , " the man sighs , shaking his head at the welcome alternative .
tr	PAST	She motioned with her arms as she explained .
tr	PAST	Then Amar taps the screen one last time , and Eric 's body relaxes .
tr	PRES	' What 's more , your grandfather likes me as I am .
tr	PRES	A lone tear falls from my eye , and no one is here to see it .
tr	PRES	" That won 't be necessary , Spence , but thank you .
tr	PRES	And if you come over here , sir , they " ve done something to the horses , too . "
tr	PAST	A wide smile split his face .
tr	PAST	" I 'll allow it as an observation only , " Grover ruled .
tr	PRES	Nobody ever throws grenades in a mine unless they want to bring the roof down or die .
tr	PRES	" Fe try and stay awake for me , please , " I begged him .
tr	PAST	His muscles tensed , body arching slightly , and I just managed to return him to my mouth in time .
tr	PRES	" I 'm here for an abortion , " she hears herself say .
tr	PAST	Mr. Tanner inflated his cheeks , then blew out the air .
tr	PAST	But as the weeks passed and the DOD didn 't storm the house for me , I chalked it up to Daemon 's rightful paranoia .
tr	PRES	She reached up and touched his jaw , her fingertips caressing .
tr	PRES	" He helps the bad guy while pretending to be your buddy and making suggestions .
tr	PAST	I scrolled past various movie and book sites until I came to a small website that specialized in paranormal sightings in North America .
tr	PRES	" I finally do " I shout back .
tr	PRES	It injects tasty filling deep into the heart of all your favorite foods , " Tim quotes in a Moviefone voice .
tr	PRES	Baskets , bottles , packages ... she was very much interested .
tr	PRES	He pushes the bandages back down over the wound .
tr	PRES	He sighs and rolls off me .
tr	PRES	The bedspread disappears beneath a layer of knickknacks and odd pieces of junk .
tr	PRES	At the end , a dazzling light streams from the eyes of the Master of the Elects .
tr	PRES	I hope you know that , " he teased .
tr	PAST	My eyes bore into hers .
tr	PAST	The diner served a wholesome , family style meal that most of the residents used for lunches or a fast dinner .
tr	PRES	" Stay with me , buddy .
tr	PRES	I snap my fingers .
tr	PRES	He slams the door at the same time he yanks my body against his , his breath fanning across my lips .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	Tears accompanied the lifting of her lids .
tr	PRES	I wince as I collapse back down on the bed .
tr	PAST	Dropping to his hands and his knees , he crawled along the shaft ahead , which almost immediately began cutting sharply left and right .
tr	PAST	He clutched his throat again .
tr	PAST	" Me too , " Joseph chimed in .
tr	PRES	My voice unsteady as I feel my life shifting and altering , to something that 's unfamiliar and terrifying .
tr	PRES	Through layers of dirt and rock , through long , winding tunnels , and into hell , a land of fire , ash and utter doom .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up my own pretty bad once , so maybe I 'm not the right guy to ask for advice . "
tr	PAST	Of course I forgave her , even though I could never tell her that .
tr	PRES	I assume we 're going to fight somehow .
tr	PAST	He roughly jabbed his fingers into Gregory 's eyes and pulled out the contact lenses while two technicians held his eyelids open .
tr	PAST	My eyes zeroed in on his arms again .
tr	PRES	It belongs to you , not me .
tr	PRES	" But the Shadow ! "
tr	PRES	He then slides my door open and stands back .
tr	PAST	With a wink , she glided gracefully back around the desk and out the door .
tr	PRES	Pierre begins to laugh .
tr	PRES	" Is reality unreal ? "
tr	PAST	I yell , holding out my hand to stop him .
tr	PAST	I defended my remark .
tr	PAST	The woman propped up her cheek with her one hand , while with the other she was making notes with a pencil .
tr	PAST	The ruddy glow of the flare revealed a massive dome of rock , stretching overhead in all directions , swallowing up the entire place .
tr	PAST	In that event , the child she bore you would have a claim upon the throne - a claim blocked by my son . "
tr	PRES	My chest aches with cries as Harlin holds me up , holds me close .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Pol ? '
tr	PAST	Tony inhaled sharply , but he met the older man 's gaze respectfully .
tr	PRES	She releases her lip and slides to the edge of the seat .
tr	PRES	A wry grin cut across her wrinkly cheeks , her eyes shimmering like diamonds .
tr	PRES	" Figures , " she murmurs .
tr	PAST	You proved me wrong . "
tr	PRES	Defeat Cronus , and you 'll end this little game right now , as well as rid the world once and for all of his nastiness . "
tr	PAST	A golden circlet with a snake at the front served as her crown .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I really don 't care if anyone else is there . "
tr	PAST	Not too many foreigners in the hotel he selected , but Indonesians , and he had a feeling they would select hotels for their liking .
tr	PRES	Shaking his head hard , Steve begins work on the next sentence 's translation .
tr	PAST	As we waited , my heart slowed , and my breathing returned to normal .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped ten thousand beats .
tr	PAST	The salvage units exploded in a shower of metal and fell aside .
tr	PRES	" How fortunate for me that you finally got proof that I 'm not a cold-blooded murderer .
tr	PRES	His lordship wishes to see if this is true . "
tr	PAST	' You 're the first one to go against Protocol when it suits you , ' Jane piped up , scowling at her husband .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but Jackson , for as much as I love having him around , he tends to make wrong choices .
tr	PAST	Janelle froze in place .
tr	PRES	" Get ready for school , " Mom whispers .
tr	PRES	" Because they won 't approve . "
tr	PAST	Aiden munched quietly on his cheese for a moment as he contemplated my words .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat roughly .
tr	PAST	She must have sensed this because he noticed her fingers tighten around the glass .
tr	PRES	Almost at the far end of the park he said , " Love Thyself Last . "
tr	PRES	He frowns for a moment .
tr	PRES	I assume there is some logical explanation ?
tr	PRES	" A lamp . "
tr	PAST	He tidied up the trail to the observation point .
tr	PRES	" My birthday ? "
tr	PRES	When I do , he winks , as if letting me know I shouldn 't be nervous .
tr	PAST	My shoulders caved in and the strap of my duffle bag dropped into his large hand .
tr	PRES	Hilde flips him onto his back .
tr	PAST	" Some guy from the seventies committed suicide down there . "
tr	PAST	My mom lied to him . "
tr	PAST	Sensing my hesitation with the gun in my hand , the beast that had been Talia charged at me .
tr	PAST	He mumbled an invocation to the Trinity .
tr	PAST	" Whoever is responsible for this will soon wish they had never been born , " she rasped into the still darkness .
tr	PAST	She giggled , holding onto him as they shared a tender moment .
tr	PRES	It changes with the seasons .
tr	PRES	She deserves the truth .
tr	PRES	Nearby , Lucent stops training now and then to shout out challenges for Adelina .
tr	PRES	Bag in one hand , he pops open the cage door , and it strikes . "
tr	PRES	Summer clears her throat loudly .
tr	PRES	Surely it hates us and wants nothing more than to pile on with this wasteland .
tr	PRES	To the right , the alarm system shone green , meaning it wasn 't set .
tr	PAST	He plunged into the store .
tr	PRES	Madame Eve strikes again . "
tr	PAST	" Mmm , " I grunted , not wanting to think about it .
tr	PRES	' Here she is , ' he beamed .
tr	PRES	Lifehouse plays loudly in the Port Authority bowling alley , a strange choice .
tr	PRES	Hard telling how much we lost with this accident and I 'm not running anymore tests to find out . "
tr	PAST	I trusted him , and he me .
tr	PRES	She reaches down , presses the button again and picks up the box without even burning herself .
tr	PAST	At this the woman collapsed into sobbing , and it was all Toby could do to try and hold her and keep her upright .
tr	PAST	The scent of fresh strawberries and chocolate floated from the basket , and Agatha 's head snapped back so fast Sarah almost laughed aloud .
tr	PAST	Her fingers lingered as if she enjoyed the sensation as much as he did .
tr	PAST	The mechanical voice announced the approaching stop as Western .
tr	PAST	Wanting to finish her room , Mary Ellen instructed the cook to bring a tray with dinner upstairs .
tr	PRES	She was sitting on the arm of Mr. C. 's chair , her long , gray hair pulled back on each side with glittery slides .
tr	PAST	A grin split his face .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he yawned .
tr	PAST	Wulf cocked a brow at that .
tr	PRES	She tries to sound smug , but she is incapable of conceit or arrogance of any kind .
tr	PAST	A shudder vibrated through his frame .
tr	PRES	The external bolt on the outside locked , its echo the only sound .
tr	PRES	" The other night - " He presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	I eyed it calmly .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't anybody teach you not to do that ? "
tr	PAST	" Well , no sir , not anymore , " Sandra announced .
tr	PRES	The second hel hound skirted his companion , rol ing his eyes suspiciously toward the writhing form .
tr	PAST	Almost at once a man emerged from the house .
tr	PRES	' He still loves her ! '
tr	PAST	His body stiffened under her hands .
tr	PAST	Asphalt ambled to the front of the stage .
tr	PRES	Underneath , a single line of light shone through .
tr	PAST	We both tumble toward the earth , hitting it with force that knocks the remaining remnants of wind from me .
tr	PRES	Only seventeen females exist in her race . "
tr	PAST	" Just like Jackie tricked me .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry I couldn 't save you , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	Sometimes they raid to transport the kids to orphanages . "
tr	PRES	Before I know what I 'm doing , I wipe away the wetness .
tr	PAST	Darby always cheered me , and I was already feeling better .
tr	PAST	The wire supported his weight and was stretched out from the top of the weights bar of his exercise table , suspending him in an upright position .
tr	PAST	It actually tugged at her heart that she was making him so miserable .
tr	PAST	I tensed at the familiar , grating voice behind me .
tr	PRES	' That sort of explains all these new varieties of enemies , doesn 't it ? '
tr	PRES	He chuckles , still dangerously too close to my skin .
tr	PRES	" You tuned me out -- again .
tr	PRES	He stands up , his sculpted buttocks in full view .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , fisting his hands as the anger and longing combined together .
tr	PAST	" You never remarried ? "
tr	PAST	I just pretended I was having blood drawn at the doctor 's .
tr	PRES	The moment she raises her head , it begins .
tr	PRES	But it brings no rain and grows no corn ; sacrifice does both .
tr	PRES	" Grave robbing ? "
tr	PAST	Shaken by grief and relief , she fled the bookstore .
tr	PRES	Any tiny flaw in the data NASA presents tonight has the potential to cast doubt over the credibility of the entire discovery .
tr	PAST	A zombie wriggled on top of a table , and two aliens waved at passing cars from the fire escape .
tr	PAST	Bryony gritted her teeth as she felt a tingling sensation in her fingers .
tr	PRES	I screwed up . "
tr	PRES	I yell as we head to the left , down yet another long corridor .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know much , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Rob stares up at me , his face showing no signs of fear .
tr	PAST	the mother bounced in exultation after hearing her response .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet and reach the dummy .
tr	PRES	No way would she provide this odd man with the opportunity to break in on them .
tr	PAST	Luc cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	She sobered , her voice strained as sincere green eyes slanted up to me .
tr	PAST	Liza balled up her fists , feeling as though she would like to punch the mole directly in his ugly white snout .
tr	PAST	Reed cocked his head as he stared at Sharon .
tr	PAST	They babbled incoherently as Gannon caught both of them against him .
tr	PRES	He coils a strand of my hair around his finger .
tr	PAST	Lara 's laughter washed over and into him , her mind rubbing intimately up against his in her excitement .
tr	PRES	Andrew stands , putting his hand on Gabriel 's shoulder bringing him back .
tr	PRES	Andrew stands up , crosses the room and leans against the glass wall .
tr	PAST	A black man with snow-white hair shuffled out of the office .
tr	PRES	He lies down with me and props his elbow on the pillow and rests his head against his hand .
tr	PAST	Perhaps one day ... just perhaps ... -------------------- As Laura rode the elevator back up to her office she quickly calculated her next move .
tr	PRES	My only warning that Birgitte had joined the battle was a low whoosh as she moved by me .
tr	PAST	You advised them to give us the new contract . "
tr	PRES	Or uses them for any other activities . "
tr	PAST	His mom screwed her face up in distaste .
tr	PRES	The future Mrs. Misty Moretti . "
tr	PAST	She cups her hand around my ear .
tr	PAST	We engaged them two days ago with great slaughter on both sides .
tr	PRES	" If you ask someone what 's most important in their life , almost no one will say , ' career . '
tr	PAST	The eyes glowed green through space .
tr	PRES	" What an idiot . "
tr	PAST	His head smacked against the corner of the door .
tr	PAST	The chariot sped even faster , flying now through the city gates .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands in the air .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat and his voice sounds low and hesitant , suddenly too close .
tr	PRES	A tear fel down my cheek .
tr	PRES	Giulietta glances briefly at him .
tr	PAST	He scribbled this in a ragged old ledger wired to the trailer .
tr	PAST	It proved she was okay .
tr	PRES	When he reopened his eyes , they shone with compassion for his friend .
tr	PRES	The plane falls forward .
tr	PRES	Orion clears his throat , then reads , holding the papers up so the camera can show the report .
tr	PAST	another kid exclaimed , smacking his hands over his mouth .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me and crossed his arms .
tr	PRES	He owes it to you after all the crap he 's given you . "
tr	PRES	" Ah , the honeymoon phase , " the woman teased .
tr	PRES	He balanced the plate of food on his palm and gave the door a hard push .
tr	PAST	Something about him jolted her nervous system each time she met his gaze .
tr	PRES	I turned to him , my mouth gaping slightly .
tr	PAST	He awoke hours later , on the floor of the storage compartment , with a throbbing headache .
tr	PRES	I mutter to myself .
tr	PAST	Will cringed and felt a surge of gunk rise in his throat .
tr	PAST	" Which would feel like three seconds or so to everybody else , " Pigeon calculated .
tr	PRES	Oh ... " His eyes linger on Kira .
tr	PAST	" She is not in love with me , " he countered , but there was a hint of pink in his cheeks .
tr	PRES	He blatantly appraised her with a deliberate slowness that achieved his goal of fanning Dominic 's fury .
tr	PRES	In the swirls of colorful paints she was forever arrested in her youth and innocence , her blue eyes dreamy with love and desire .
tr	PAST	I tugged on one of the strings .
tr	PAST	He rummaged under the floor rug and found his secret hiding place .
tr	PAST	He regained his balance just shy of slamming into a coconut tree .
tr	PAST	Asia sniffed and bit down on her lower lip .
tr	PRES	She also remains highly sensitive to the emotions and electrical currents around her . "
tr	PAST	Tonya 's eyes immediately glazed over , and she left the door alone .
tr	PAST	The veil itched her chin .
tr	PRES	Jesse finally fills me in a long , hard thrust .
tr	PAST	He launched himself , razor-sharp claws extended , fangs dripping .
tr	PRES	Then he tries to wish her up in the jeep .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Wallace -- " " Ms. Wallace , but , please , call me Ruby . "
tr	PAST	His eyes squinted together , and then all of a sudden widened .
tr	PRES	Tickets cost too much , and besides , I 'm not sure I could handle that many people crowded around me .
tr	PAST	She yawned until her jaw cracked .
tr	PAST	Actually famished more adequately described her condition .
tr	PAST	The black sky bore wavering stars , shaped by an alien atmosphere .
tr	PAST	His smile faltered when he got a good look at her face .
tr	PRES	" Um , are you taking those pain meds again , sweetie ?
tr	PRES	" He wears it . "
tr	PRES	Sometimes it really helps to get it out . "
tr	PRES	In fact , it pisses me off .
tr	PAST	But as I stood in appreciation of the atmosphere , a wave of nausea washed over me .
tr	PAST	Jake motioned to Spyder who was standing by the gate .
tr	PRES	I smack his chest playfully .
tr	PAST	A fraction of a second later it plunged into the far wall , cutting into the drywall .
tr	PAST	" Ladies and gentlemen , the president of the United States , " a voice announced .
tr	PRES	The minister glances up at the vacant crowd and waits a few moments before continuing with the service .
tr	PAST	She motioned for them to follow and led the way toward the building .
tr	PRES	I hiss , turning to see Ashton in dark jeans and a sky blue shirt .
tr	PAST	She ceased to think .
tr	PAST	The Mother cocked an eye in the direction of the ships ' graveyard .
tr	PRES	" Anytime you want to talk , " whispered James , " Call me , ok ?
tr	PRES	" No signal . "
tr	PRES	I messed up a few customers ' orders , and didn 't even bother apologizing .
tr	PAST	The car slowed down and then came to a full stop .
tr	PAST	Still , his words tugged at her heartstrings despite her cynical mind .
tr	PRES	" And the cleaning ? "
tr	PAST	His arms circled her waist , squeezing her just as tightly , and then his mouth covered hers , kissing away any further response .
tr	PRES	I bow he 's not here right now ... " Nana gave a rueful smile .
tr	PRES	" No ... " " Ah , so you 're going to finally explain why I scare you ? "
tr	PAST	That miserable old thief almost cost us our house , damn it . "
tr	PRES	" And that explains why he wouldn 't enter the workshop . "
tr	PAST	" Stop , " I advised .
tr	PRES	He dives right into the line of Officials with a weapon that moves so fast it blurs .
tr	PAST	The bird flapped back .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	The wind rustled in the canopy overhead .
tr	PRES	Still looking down , I mumbled , " I really am sorry about your parents . "
tr	PRES	Once more we sincerely apologise for the inconvenience . "
tr	PAST	Since there was no outside staircase or fire escape , I eliminated them .
tr	PRES	His handsome forehead frowns .
tr	PAST	" Hold on a sec , " she said , lifting one gloved hand , index finger extended for emphasis .
tr	PAST	And Mr. James ... Who knew the staid exterior restrained such passion ?
tr	PRES	Both ways he loses . "
tr	PRES	" Jim Wagner you march yourself out into that hallway right now . "
tr	PAST	We thanked Maude for her hospitality and stayed out of the way as the witches wrapped things up .
tr	PRES	" Were her boyfriends horrible ? "
tr	PRES	" It strikes one as a suicide . "
tr	PRES	Will we celebrate Christmas and Easter and birthdays ? "
tr	PRES	Finally , she throws the sticks on the floor .
tr	PRES	" My uncle loves oddities , " Elliott murmurs .
tr	PRES	Gran opens her eyes at that .
tr	PAST	" She 's smarter than she looks , " Phil elbowed Glen .
tr	PRES	Deep in the mirror floats the landscape he once knew .
tr	PRES	You endure my beloved son , the apple of my eye .
tr	PRES	" It doesn 't matter now , " Thomas interrupted grimly .
tr	PAST	I served whiskey after coffee and he leaned back and began to discuss what had happened with Irina .
tr	PAST	Discussion bounced around as only long time partners can do , until they arrived at the road a quarter of a mile from the trailer .
tr	PAST	His thoughts circled , and he forgot all else .
tr	PAST	Jenna leaped out of bed .
tr	PAST	He clutched the man 's coat sleeve in an effort to convey the urgency of his request .
tr	PRES	' Whatever you think best , Aunt Pol . '
tr	PRES	Liars , liars , liars .
tr	PAST	The President stated simply with authority , " It is appropriate .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and studied the sky .
tr	PRES	I relax my hands and sit up , brushing cobweb ash from my cheeks .
tr	PRES	This fel into place for me so easily that I thought I must have known the truth for a while .
tr	PRES	" We were having dessert , " Christian mumbled .
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PRES	Rays of bright sunlight shone through the library 's windows , making her even more beautiful , just like a little angel .
tr	PRES	He lets out a high-pitched laugh .
tr	PAST	" An apology , " she gritted out .
tr	PAST	She slapped at the ice with a bloody arm , while trying to bring her rifle to bear with the other hand .
tr	PRES	She wove around the partygoers until she was a few feet away from her parents .
tr	PAST	Paul estimated that they had made it out just in time .
tr	PRES	She says that she likes meeting new people , blah blah blah .
tr	PAST	He assisted the man with a large gash he had across his chest and stomach , then fetched him some water .
tr	PAST	" Just as I lied to you .
tr	PRES	She chuckles and pulls the key out .
tr	PAST	After a long time , the flame crawled up the damp wood , found fuel , and clung there .
tr	PAST	" Jesus , Colin , " Bill exclaimed .
tr	PRES	' It clears up for a second . '
tr	PAST	Her family invested in the railroad before it took off or something .
tr	PRES	" He likes to expose himself .
tr	PRES	I warn you , Francesca , the damage is substantial .
tr	PRES	But at the moment , none of that mattered .
tr	PRES	Jase stretches his arms over his head , yawning .
tr	PRES	" Aye , and it 'll cost ye , luv .
tr	PRES	Kat , you idiot .
tr	PAST	" Hell , no , " he lied , and she laughed .
tr	PAST	Audrey trusted Caroline and knew she 'd keep it safe and out of harm 's away until she wanted it . "
tr	PRES	Mixed emotions best describes how I feel .
tr	PRES	Their eyes bleed , lifeless corpses of flesh , so desperate for hunger that they 'll sometimes feed off themselves .
tr	PRES	The fort blocks off the entire pass in this spot .
tr	PRES	My heart pounds loudly in my ears .
tr	PAST	" I ... " she froze , eyes widening further .
tr	PRES	He brings the bleach inside the tent , then walks to a spot about 100 yards away and starts building a fire .
tr	PAST	Sometimes interpreted to suggest marriage .
tr	PRES	" My granddaughter the child of a clone ; a Sibyl with a son .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled into his body .
tr	PRES	Or rather , the duplicate Olympus .
tr	PRES	With that , she releases his hand and quickly retreats to her home .
tr	PAST	Her body jolted at his voice then she turned her head to him .
tr	PRES	" It 's dark tonight , " she sighs , having hoped for a star or two .
tr	PRES	A female clears her throat at the doorway , and Courtney walks into the room .
tr	PAST	She eyed him dubiously .
tr	PAST	The malignant light outside highlighted her long dark hair , olive skin , and deep brown eyes .
tr	PAST	I awoke the next morning feeling satisfied , content , and in love with this wonderful ranch .
tr	PAST	Helen sniffed and closed her eyes , leaning her head against his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Jack dared not glance over his shoulder for fear of losing his balance , precarious at best .
tr	PRES	Selfish , selfish , selfish .
tr	PRES	Setting her quilt down next to her on the porch swing , Ginny slides off the bench and takes the three steps down to the grass slowly .
tr	PRES	He stares up at the nurse .
tr	PAST	" She stole the information out of someone else 's head and used it to make it big on the stock market . "
tr	PAST	thursday , january 7 Dylan I often woke up to see one or other of them standing in the kitchen .
tr	PAST	The spat of air he released from his nose rustled through my hair at the top of my head .
tr	PAST	Claudia shimmied closer to me with an excited smile as the guys readied themselves .
tr	PAST	Mercer balled them into fists .
tr	PRES	Her looks still exist , but she doesn 't .
tr	PAST	She withdrew inside herself .
tr	PRES	" No weakness ? "
tr	PRES	" And yet , seeing you here , brings me back to the here and now and reminds me of my destiny .
tr	PAST	She eyed me with frank curiosity .
tr	PAST	The Gods stood tall , their armor gleaming despite the fiery smoke in the air .
tr	PAST	Maybe I soured our marriage with my unhappiness .
tr	PRES	" Bloody hush hush ! "
tr	PAST	Percival squinted at them .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sorry , " I mumbled , rolling over to my side .
tr	PRES	Her face was pretty , her pouty mouth positively sinful .
tr	PAST	I then fetched the villagers and the sorry looking band of dirty , bloodstained women and children staggered into the clearing and collapsed under the trees .
tr	PRES	Her body arches against mine , and she rises up on her tiptoes , a soft cry escaping her mouth .
tr	PAST	They slapped him on the back and then pumped each others hands .
tr	PAST	He tensed in response to the question , ready to jump in .
tr	PRES	" With Chief McCormick ? "
tr	PAST	" It could 've been worse , " I speculated .
tr	PAST	She stormed away from Electra , who was standing at the fence , tightly squeezing the wood with her fingers and looking at the arena .
tr	PAST	He adjusted her hand and the covers .
tr	PAST	He trusted in it .
tr	PRES	" You screwed that Fenton bitch ! "
tr	PRES	" Not ruined me .
tr	PAST	I zipped on a hooded , fleece jacket .
tr	PRES	Above her a dim light shone down , giving the room just enough ambient lighting to make out details .
tr	PAST	Chapter 19 Frank awoke just after dawn .
tr	PRES	He lets the question hang .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eleven - Megan " Come on ! "
tr	PRES	He pushes himself up off the floor and throws his hands up in the air .
tr	PAST	Chalk dust floated visibly because of the light coming across the window .
tr	PRES	Laughing Bjorn stops to look at them .
tr	PRES	He remains on the patio and holds Mari 's gaze for too long .
tr	PRES	" I ... um . "
tr	PAST	I scooted away from her and sighed again .
tr	PRES	What brings you to Sequence Springs ? "
tr	PAST	He grunted , which I took as a sound of hedonistic fulfillment .
tr	PRES	And never , in a million years , would it occur to any of them that she 'd gone further into the state .
tr	PAST	We ascend behind our host to the third floor .
tr	PRES	Then it occurs to me to talk to them to see if they 'll help us .
tr	PRES	Much nicer than I thought they would be .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head to one side and narrowed his eyes .
tr	PRES	" In the morning , ok ?
tr	PRES	I fold my arms over my chest to hide it .
tr	PRES	These days , I strive for looking sane .
tr	PRES	Can you ever forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	Dham whispers it like a prayer .
tr	PRES	Hal you carry her there if you have to . "
tr	PAST	The winged lion inhaled his first air , blinked , and folded his wings behind him .
tr	PAST	" And they created you .
tr	PAST	Ellis emerged from the room a few moments later with both sabers .
tr	PRES	I value our friendship .
tr	PRES	She remains in complete trust with him but surely , she wants to figure out , what he wishes her to look at .
tr	PAST	He looked back at me , one eyebrow cocked .
tr	PAST	Aaron stated in half question form .
tr	PAST	The grandfather clock chimed six times .
tr	PAST	The request revealed tact and sensitivity , as her leg might not hold up to a rollicking number , but the music had slowed .
tr	PRES	" Romulus carries the souls of the old Wolf Clan that followed him into the pit .
tr	PRES	Apparently the chief fire officer deals directly with Lewes , so it 's all out of Radley 's hands now anyway .
tr	PAST	she collapsed on the couch .
tr	PAST	" Tell me about it , " Dave concurred .
tr	PRES	Epilogue A black BMW glides down a peaceful winding road surrounded by majestic and calm snow-capped mountains .
tr	PAST	He whispered something to his captain , then withdrew .
tr	PAST	The intensity in his eyes lightened for a second as he gave me a little nod of acquiescence .
tr	PRES	After several minutes of no riders getting on the bus , someone yelled out , " Hit it !
tr	PRES	Then it dawns on me .
tr	PAST	Gerald replaced his cup on the tray .
tr	PAST	Things quieted down after the funeral , although Jack had to go into the office once for an emergency board meeting .
tr	PAST	I giggled and put my hand over his mouth .
tr	PAST	The deputy squinted in the direction she was pointing , across the courtroom .
tr	PAST	Unlocking , Belinda hopped up into the high driver 's seat .
tr	PAST	Crow adjusted his beak .
tr	PAST	The Captain inquired about more things , and the mermaid told him all about her life and the many wonders of the sea .
tr	PRES	He disconnected the call and put his phone in his pocket .
tr	PRES	Low and musical , it slides against my skin , stirring the energy just behind my lungs that makes me what I am .
tr	PAST	The eyes of the doll rattled in their sockets as the machine sought a new fix .
tr	PRES	" Can I help , sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	I hesitate and decide to go with a slant truth .
tr	PRES	She stops , viewing the water .
tr	PAST	" I 'm intrigued , " she squealed , ignoring the questioning in their heads .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	And you can feel free to do it any time you like , " he teased .
tr	PAST	His touch reassured her , even if it was a little distracting the way his large hand fit around her thigh .
tr	PRES	He helps me fasten the helmet 's buckle under my chin , his hands enveloping mine .
tr	PAST	Fingers groped from beneath the shawl , skeletal and uncoordinated .
tr	PRES	" No phones ! "
tr	PAST	I abandoned her hand and bolted for the bathroom , fumbling for the light switch , my fingers trembling .
tr	PAST	She stiffened briefly with surprise , and then said , " I 'm not married .
tr	PRES	Tammie sighs in exasperation .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone with love and excitement .
tr	PAST	I dumped my bag on the end of my neatly made bed as Ivy , my roommate , turned from her mirror .
tr	PAST	Sean jolted forward in his chair .
tr	PRES	If there are any exceptions among you , I apologise to them .
tr	PAST	The caller received the full attention of the three women .
tr	PAST	He crouched low , his hand hovering just above the hilt as the beast closed the distance .
tr	PRES	She reaches out to me , hugs me hard , like she 's going to squeeze the breath out of me .
tr	PRES	' Because you are the One , Stanley .
tr	PAST	A voice over the loudspeaker announced that they had reached their destination and needed to get off .
tr	PRES	Adultery usually begins by the innocent flirting of two people .
tr	PAST	" I 'm more interested in what you 're going to do to me , " she crooned .
tr	PRES	" Death Walkers . "
tr	PRES	All around the naked light of stars shone without flickering .
tr	PAST	He crouched down , reaching his fingers into the soil to steady himself .
tr	PAST	" My mother abandoned me when I was three . "
tr	PAST	Cain 's voice rumbled over her .
tr	PAST	The girl 's voice tensed .
tr	PAST	And I proceeded to watch a rather amusing display of TV magic .
tr	PRES	" Listen , " Benedict pushed her against the wall playfully , his hands resting on her hips .
tr	PRES	It helps to have something to look forward to . "
tr	PRES	" She trusts you more . "
tr	PAST	The guy squinted at me , his face haggard and unshaven .
tr	PRES	" Hello Alec . "
tr	PRES	" September 2012 . "
tr	PRES	The water tastes stale .
tr	PRES	" No argument . "
tr	PRES	" Then we hears that Arn gets his hand chopped off ... and he don 't talk no more cuz he can 't talk no more .
tr	PAST	A smooth , stainless-steel paddle emerged from the handle .
tr	PRES	James exhales , leaning back in the chair like he 's exhausted .
tr	PRES	" Strong coffee , " she mumbled and went to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" I think I need no assistance , " lied Vimes , as coolly as he could .
tr	PAST	" Then , when I was about ten , my mother remarried to a much older man .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved into a smile .
tr	PAST	Breathing in the silence , I stuffed my hands in my jacket pockets and wound around the side of Blake 's slumbering house .
tr	PRES	" Hel o , darling girl , " he said softly , resting his arm on his raised knee .
tr	PRES	" No , it 's okay , " she whispers like it 's not .
tr	PRES	Marceline 's story tries to come back into my consciousness , but I push it away .
tr	PAST	I paced back and forth until I found an opening big enough for a woman instead of a wolf , then inched through the brambles .
tr	PAST	As she went further and deeper , she slowed her steps , creeping on as quietly as she could .
tr	PRES	The mechanic glances between us , a frown building , but she doesn 't speak of whatever conclusions she draws .
tr	PAST	A slow smile curved Gavin 's full lips .
tr	PRES	At home that evening after a fun time playing fetch she made a big salad and added goodies .
tr	PAST	" I privately feared he might find a way to escape the upcoming blast .
tr	PAST	Each hit reduced its mobility a bit further .
tr	PRES	" My little sis ? "
tr	PRES	" Coffee ready yet , sweetie ? "
tr	PAST	His serrated groan at the moment of crisis acted like a spur to her flank .
tr	PRES	Holly blushes , but she goes over to the jar of condoms all the same .
tr	PAST	She regarded him with a hard stare .
tr	PRES	A secret handshake ? "
tr	PAST	A chill washed over her at how close they 'd come to destroying the love between them .
tr	PRES	This wedding business brings up a lot of memories .
tr	PAST	" They were sloppy , " I stated throwing my hands up in the air as if I had just revealed some sort of capital offense .
tr	PRES	" No , thank you , Ernest .
tr	PRES	" What kind of payment ? "
tr	PRES	" She misses you , too , Dad .
tr	PRES	Emerson 's long , built body relaxes next to mine .
tr	PAST	Pate circled around her , like a lion , closing in on his prey .
tr	PRES	More mycelia then sprout out of the ant , and securely anchor it to the plant substrate while secreting antimicrobials to ward off competition .
tr	PAST	The strain carved deep in her shoulders by the time the forest began to open up before her .
tr	PRES	He begged for it all to stop .
tr	PRES	" And what about that witch ?
tr	PRES	Like I said , we roam the world and try our best to keep things in balance . "
tr	PAST	He stomped by Willy and immediately went down into the galley to get his supplies in order .
tr	PAST	I said , my voice muffled by my knees .
tr	PAST	After her initial hesitation , she no longer doubted Mike 's sincerity .
tr	PRES	" Um , Lydia ... " " So you really became a cop . "
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved as she relished the power she held over him .
tr	PRES	She stares me right in the eye .
tr	PAST	Vin regarded the bundle with curiosity , and he handed it to her with a smile .
tr	PRES	Heat creeps up my face .
tr	PRES	My neck snaps up to meet his dark eyes , his smooth voice , silky and strong .
tr	PRES	" Not that I noticed , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	Those porches provided Adirondack chairs with colorful cushions and views of the mountains from almost everywhere .
tr	PAST	Her arms circled his neck , her body instinctively arching beneath him .
tr	PRES	With a growl he flips over so he 's on top , straddling my waist .
tr	PAST	Before Charlie could respond , Jo plunged on .
tr	PAST	I inhaled his warm , familiar scent .
tr	PAST	Then she clasped her hands neatly in her lap , with her reticule tucked under her fingers .
tr	PAST	He clutched his suitcase in his right hand .
tr	PRES	She sees me looking and she stops .
tr	PAST	He hauled it atop a coffee table and opened its lid .
tr	PRES	She glares at me as she closes the magazine .
tr	PAST	Ty 's steps finally slowed , faltered .
tr	PAST	Carol regarded him with a wounded look but said nothing .
tr	PAST	He supposedly heard about this beautiful town and decided to come and see it himself " lied Kiara .
tr	PAST	Carol abandoned the confusing file and went down the hall to the waiting room .
tr	PRES	I snap my arm away .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN " Care to join me for a morning ride ? "
tr	PRES	Colton purses his lips and shakes his head .
tr	PAST	Her breath fogged the glass in front of her , and she swiped it away quickly with a fist .
tr	PRES	She tries imagining she is in her sleeping cove .
tr	PRES	What also bothers me is that she still hasn 't let me meet him .
tr	PRES	He lays his fork down on his plate and smiles .
tr	PAST	' Uh , I just met him at the New Year 's party , ' I countered .
tr	PAST	Isabelle squinted at it , wondering if there was a glamour to be peeled off .
tr	PAST	" He freaked out at first and took off .
tr	PRES	Overhead blue ultraviolet incandescent light shone down on the gardens which created a psychedelic syrup of earth and sky hues .
tr	PRES	More soldiers arrive -- they 've got a horse .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat when Lucas turned his gaze to the dune above , toward the bottle rocket sticks pointing down toward the wreck .
tr	PRES	They wove between stalagmites and crouched under low-hanging stalactites .
tr	PAST	Zeus squinted as she continued , " They still have Cylons ? "
tr	PAST	Releasing a long-suffering sigh , she flattened her hand on the table and twisted away in frustration .
tr	PRES	" Princess Cleopatra in your rucksack ? "
tr	PRES	" Aunt Kate , you have so many presents to open .
tr	PRES	" After al that you 've been through , al that you 've seen and lost .
tr	PAST	Renna jabbed her finger into his hard chest .
tr	PAST	A dead man , a would-be killer , floated in the sea and they wanted dirt on him ?
tr	PRES	No one likes to hear that and most never believed me but even still they 're with me .
tr	PAST	I giggled as I stared up at him .
tr	PRES	Please let it be just the falls .
tr	PRES	The door creaks open and Jake walks in .
tr	PAST	And she feared losing her job every second of every day because Lady Ashton was not an easy mistress .
tr	PRES	The thought of seeing her again sent tingles up his spine .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	The companions ' stomachs rumbled at the aroma .
tr	PRES	That honorable man hath been so subjected to the stress and strain of this world that his greatest wish was for deliverance from it .
tr	PRES	" Death changes everything .
tr	PAST	Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned , right ?
tr	PAST	Bullets scored the walls and the banister of the stairwell as I raced up the steps .
tr	PRES	She points to a chair , and I sink into it .
tr	PAST	I transformed and waited for her to do something .
tr	PRES	" Tomorrow afternoon , " he said , thankful she 'd let it pass .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and it sends fear sweeping through me .
tr	PRES	He opens the car door for me , and I gingerly sit down .
tr	PAST	" Right , put it back and move on , " the officer instructed .
tr	PAST	the tall police officer inquired .
tr	PRES	" Just yourself silly and whatever you drink .
tr	PAST	I crawled out the back of the wagon .
tr	PAST	The officer 's face glowed red .
tr	PAST	I drooled at the sight of all those one hundred dollar bills flashing by beneath his thumb .
tr	PAST	The pilot emerged from the craft and , after removing his computerized helmet , walked up to me , extending a gloved hand .
tr	PRES	" That damn name carries a ton of baggage with it .
tr	PAST	I wavered on my feet when she let go .
tr	PAST	Rex sat slumped in a reclining chair , his body butchered .
tr	PRES	She invites him to continue with a blink of an eye .
tr	PRES	The violent urge to devour all that she was poured from him , to possess with absolute domination , to have nothing escape from him .
tr	PAST	The woman giggled to herself and her eyes were truly terrifying .
tr	PAST	Few seconds later he exploded .
tr	PRES	" Aston , " she mutters , sitting back down .
tr	PAST	" Wait a second , " he countered .
tr	PRES	Beneath their feet the deck plates shudder again .
tr	PAST	She curved her hand around his face , reveling in the sheer pleasure of finally touching him as she 'd wanted to do so many times .
tr	PRES	" Those kinds of relations .
tr	PRES	Elijah returns the doll and makes his way to his waiting brother , who asks , " What took you so long ? "
tr	PRES	" It depends , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	I never learnt the full story about what happened .
tr	PAST	She pondered the matter as she glanced over the repaired bed .
tr	PRES	It slides off her breast and I 'm starting to make it frizz .
tr	PRES	My bra unhooked , he wove his thumbs into the straps and bared my breasts .
tr	PAST	" I thought her last event was the 100 , " Kaylie stated .
tr	PAST	they bark out , hoisting their guns threateningly .
tr	PRES	Although he pants , he holds the stick in one hand , circling me .
tr	PAST	He sat back , the cup untouched in his hand , listening to the Andrews family discuss their day .
tr	PRES	Kit tries to use her weight to support Doc , but he 's much bigger than she is .
tr	PAST	She claimed to be his biological mother . "
tr	PRES	I thrust my fingers inside , my hips bucking as I finger fuck myself with him watching , him wanting .
tr	PRES	Once Talon rises ... " Hours yet .
tr	PRES	Coach holds up a hand .
tr	PAST	An hour later , they emerged , dressed for skiing and carrying top of the line skis .
tr	PAST	His friend inhaled deeply and looked down at him .
tr	PAST	Not seeing what she wanted , she squinted into the sunlight , trying to see what was across the street .
tr	PAST	Then his left foot plunged into nothingness .
tr	PAST	My resolve wavered at the questioning tone in his voice .
tr	PRES	He proceeds toward a stone fireplace and lights the logs .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a sharp breath ; they had somehow out done even the Fall Equinox Dance .
tr	PRES	' Orange juice . '
tr	PAST	The door collapsed and I landed heavily in the living room .
tr	PRES	" This home belongs to Gregori and Savannah .
tr	PRES	Ethel bursts through my bedroom door .
tr	PAST	I propped up on my elbow so I could see him , still closer than I should 've been .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands in her lap and fixed her vision on them .
tr	PAST	Her lungs sought air , but the restriction of her corset made it difficult to breathe .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Lazlo , it 's Trevor Jarrod , " he identified himself .
tr	PAST	We bounced along behind him on faint trails that I could just barely make out in the rolling hillside .
tr	PAST	Sliding behind the wheel , she adjusted the seat forward , then gripped the steering wheel with both hands .
tr	PAST	The shockwave shattered windows up and down the block , triggering car alarms and driving dogs howling mad .
tr	PRES	At that moment someone cranks up the music and the roadies march in to start hauling off the stage setup .
tr	PRES	" The best bow you will ever use .
tr	PRES	The Lord Ruler wears metal because he knows that the nobility will mimic him , and therefore give his Inquisitors power over them . "
tr	PRES	Mel whispers to me , " We can 't date when we 're working here . "
tr	PRES	He points to a gorgeous cheerleader waving her pom-poms around down on the field .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hands away and dragged herself up so she knelt on the hard ground .
tr	PRES	" They scare me .
tr	PAST	Mil stomped her foot .
tr	PRES	" He wears his pants ten sizes too big .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Pete 's ?
tr	PRES	" What the heck ?
tr	PAST	He sniffed ... sniffed ... so many odors , blending together .
tr	PRES	" Lexi likes to sing children 's songs when she feels stressed . "
tr	PAST	Jack alighted from the passenger seat with a broad smile on his face and an eager bounce in his step .
tr	PRES	A reporter stands on the roof with the Peacekeepers .
tr	PAST	" I 'll second that , " Aram grunted .
tr	PRES	Diana 's mother , states .
tr	PAST	Bringing them out , it glowed to reveal a figure strapped to the wall above him , wrapped in roots .
tr	PRES	I feed them and take care of them . "
tr	PRES	He talks like he owns the place .
tr	PRES	" Mr Shine ? "
tr	PAST	He swooped in and pulled her against him .
tr	PAST	As afternoon wore into evening , Catherine thanked Sir Jeremy again for carrying her message and for telling her about Daniel .
tr	PRES	And , of course , now that she knows Galen , she sees this loser for what he is .
tr	PAST	" You cannot escape me , " rasped the Spell Wizard .
tr	PRES	" Even now , though she is most likely dead and her stomach filled with water , she still floats . "
tr	PAST	Hunter 's link announced that someone was approaching the van .
tr	PRES	Not a cheer , or a yell , or a ' Go Yankees ' rally .
tr	PRES	Anything more you want to say , text me . "
tr	PRES	And it nearly crushed her to admit defeat .
tr	PRES	He phones the pilot to confirm this , and he disappears with Bowman at 5.30 .
tr	PAST	The group of zombies that had chased them before hadn 't broken through the door .
tr	PAST	I dared a glance at my phone .
tr	PAST	I giggled and pulled away from him to place the pizza on the counter and get some napkins .
tr	PRES	" Tabby , " Noah snaps , and then continues walking toward the back office .
tr	PAST	It washed over her face and body , enveloping her in a black nightmare .
tr	PRES	I value reader input and welcome comments and questions about my books .
tr	PRES	He steps forward , his hand gently resting on her shoulder .
tr	PAST	A woman with a shaggy haircut replaced the young girl .
tr	PAST	" Somewhere in the trillions , easily .
tr	PAST	" They strapped me down to a bed , and I was too weak and sleepy to fight them .
tr	PAST	Hoping she was wrong , Susan dumped the contents of her purse onto the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	Her body tensed at the sudden change .
tr	PRES	" They 're really high , " I murmur , taking in the white caps they still wear , even when everything below is a lush green .
tr	PRES	Filthy , deceptive , cunning , obsequious lies !
tr	PRES	" With their swords . "
tr	PRES	The door behind us slams .
tr	PRES	Her eyelids fluttered and Timberlake thought bitterly : What good does it do to save her ?
tr	PRES	Then Sara 's voice creeps through .
tr	PRES	And she likes to have things her own way .
tr	PRES	Ray normally likes them rough . '
tr	PAST	Julian seized my arm , yanking me back into the shadow of a doorway .
tr	PRES	" The law helps with that sort of thing these days , does it ? "
tr	PAST	Of course , having none , I babbled about my work in the kitchens .
tr	PAST	My grandfather lied to all of us .
tr	PRES	I warn you both !
tr	PAST	The newspapers also reported that the duke 's wife staunchly refused to wear black until she had proof of her husband 's death .
tr	PAST	That hissing pillar withdrew back into the ground a moment later .
tr	PAST	The way she moved her hands tugged at a long dormant memory .
tr	PRES	His hand touches his jaw , but he shakes his head .
tr	PAST	He leaped up the stairs till he reached her door .
tr	PAST	Wood shattered , and she continued forward , slamming her dagger into the Thug 's neck .
tr	PAST	" That 's not the way to do it , " Sunday referred to his accolade which was more acceptable in an opera house .
tr	PAST	' That 's bloody incredible , ' exclaimed Alistair .
tr	PRES	' Is there much damage upstairs ? '
tr	PAST	The smile still lingered on his lips and the molten gold in his eyes remained warm , twinkling with the pleasure of a desire fulfilled .
tr	PAST	Emily cocked her head .
tr	PRES	And the cost of the pots . "
tr	PRES	Sitting on the exact spot where the hand had lain in the dream freaked me out .
tr	PRES	I swing us towards a new elevator door , fingering .
tr	PRES	Her eyes settle on me , pinning me to the spot .
tr	PAST	FBI special agent Rice alighted from his black Tahoe .
tr	PRES	She wove through the crowd to get closer to the fire .
tr	PRES	Jonathan rises and pulls out my chair .
tr	PAST	... Four hours later , Miranda collapsed on the carpet next to Gavin .
tr	PRES	* Celestino found Iseo in the kitchen house , kneading bread dough for the afternoon meal .
tr	PAST	Gabriel seized his hand .
tr	PRES	" Then you forced yourself on her , you low life little prick .
tr	PAST	My defiance faltered , mostly due to confusion .
tr	PRES	Johanna Reyes approaches my father .
tr	PAST	Inez pondered that and listened absently as Thomas greeted his cousin in impatient , irritated tones as she crossed back to the door .
tr	PAST	Mark seized the moment .
tr	PAST	I overreacted a little . "
tr	PRES	His brows decline as he reads the name on the glowing screen .
tr	PAST	He squinted at a photograph , put it down .
tr	PAST	The four children cheered .
tr	PRES	" Your closet ? "
tr	PRES	" I preach the good life yet do not practice it .
tr	PAST	Graham charged into the room , Jane hovering nervously behind him .
tr	PAST	The enormity of the situation seized him and he shuddered .
tr	PAST	They motioned to inspect the book further .
tr	PRES	She tuned her ears , unnerved .
tr	PAST	Jamison leaped away from the door and dove for her cell phone , which was sitting on the kitchen counter next to the small stove .
tr	PAST	" Yay , Me doth promise thee , " he reassured her .
tr	PRES	" Then Ravage . "
tr	PRES	" Uh ... " " Chloe !
tr	PRES	" Well , after twenty years of marriage that fades away .
tr	PRES	I discover I 'm now sitting up and sucking in air .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes organ music .
tr	PAST	They still preferred him not to start fighting .
tr	PRES	" Be on time , Benny .
tr	PRES	" I don 't like this , " I protest even though I know it will fall on deaf ears .
tr	PRES	He exhales suddenly , shaky , uneven .
tr	PRES	I yell from the bed .
tr	PAST	This series of actions jolted me to attention , and hastily I produced my pistol , which hung around my belt .
tr	PAST	I stuffed one more bite of the lumpy , yellow food in my mouth and stood .
tr	PRES	Oh so comforting lies .
tr	PRES	Martyrdom corrects this discrepancy but only for a brief interval .
tr	PRES	And all promising ' a most sensuous experience ' .
tr	PRES	" No , you silly girl !
tr	PAST	" Until you met me , " I interrupted , folding my arms before me .
tr	PRES	" Come on , kiddo .
tr	PRES	Another pause , then , " Shit , Mia .
tr	PRES	Prewitt grabs , dipping her then chuckles .
tr	PAST	Sharing elbow room with at least thirty kids , al packed into Mark Jameson 's living room and talking at once , Kylie clutched the ice-cold bottle .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my hand and took a step back towards the chair , keeping my eyes fixed on the demon and its indistinct face .
tr	PRES	A week remains before the moon turns .
tr	PRES	" Mathew Johnson . "
tr	PAST	As she hurried through the halls , unsure of where to begin , her mind slowed , the impending task becoming surprisingly clear to her .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , my God , " she breathes .
tr	PAST	Sol awoke at 630 upon a sharp knock at the door ; he scratched his head and rubbed his face .
tr	PAST	She dared not raise her hand to the paper that he held out , lest it should tremble .
tr	PAST	How could he have doubted their ability to help ?
tr	PRES	They shone in the nearly full Moon overhead .
tr	PAST	Noah shrank up the side of the car , trying desperately not to touch Blue .
tr	PRES	The number belongs to the vampire . "
tr	PRES	' Oh , no , ' the man mumbled to himself again , starting to shiver uncontrollably now .
tr	PAST	It swooped down at him twice as if he were getting too near its nest .
tr	PAST	" Attis , " Lady Aquitaine chided gently .
tr	PRES	" At ease , Private . "
tr	PAST	As one , they fled the room .
tr	PAST	I scooted just enough to slowly drop down over his hardness , letting him slide inside of my hot sex .
tr	PAST	He squinted at her .
tr	PRES	Her quick footsteps melded together in one humming echo as she walked , the strong scent of dust and mold once again penetrating her senses .
tr	PAST	Satisfied that this was the right outfit for the day , he fetched his drumsticks and started the long walk to August 's house .
tr	PAST	" Don 't be a sore loser , " Katie chided .
tr	PRES	Her mother returns the beam and nods .
tr	PAST	He thanked Theresa and said he had to go , that he 'd talk to her later .
tr	PAST	I dreamed that maybe ... maybe Hippolytus could be mine .
tr	PRES	" Good morning , sweetie .
tr	PRES	he asked , his breathing ragged .
tr	PRES	" Robles hates idle hands .
tr	PRES	" Lost Girls . "
tr	PAST	Finn saluted and marched from the room , though the look he threw over his shoulder made Renna swallow as she sank into one of the chairs .
tr	PAST	Still in our infancy compared to our creators , my siblings and I now ruled over the world and all her inhabitants .
tr	PAST	" He 's sleeping now , " rasped Paul .
tr	PAST	Her parents reassured her that they would bring her home as soon as she was better , but weeks passed , and then months .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the gas pumps but didn 't speak again .
tr	PRES	... I won 't be long , " she sings .
tr	PRES	Just as she does , another anxious family enters the waiting room .
tr	PRES	He stops just short of where the asphalt shifts to dirt and glances over his shoulder at me .
tr	PRES	As I wrench my arm away , my other hand swings around , nails out like claws , ripping at his cheek , leaving red tracks .
tr	PRES	Safe , but discrete . "
tr	PRES	His eyes were blazing , the triumph blatant , searing into me , so hot , so fierce , I felt branded .
tr	PAST	Adams thanked him and escorted him out of the building .
tr	PRES	His belly awakened and immediately began clamoring for more .
tr	PAST	Morrison 's done that to you , " Gary persisted , trying to save the man 's life .
tr	PAST	More old hags floated towards me .
tr	PAST	Connelly tensed his jaw .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , trying to smile at him .
tr	PAST	Luke clasped her hand and led her toward the door .
tr	PRES	" Good gracious me !
tr	PAST	What if he corrupted her somehow ?
tr	PRES	After all , they both relay impulses as data to transmit messages , information .
tr	PAST	" This is my daughter 's purse , " she sobbed , tears flooding down her cheeks .
tr	PRES	" When I have some yogurt . "
tr	PAST	One more freed soul .
tr	PAST	A smile curved his lips and he began to harden when Nicole shifted on the tabletop and murmured sleepily in response to his touch .
tr	PAST	Thanks to my PA , Chris , who does her best to keep me organized , even when we 're juggling fifteen tasks at once .
tr	PRES	" Stupid Norm doors , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	The Prize I offered still stands .
tr	PAST	When she caught the expression on his face , Hannah feared she might have been too assertive .
tr	PRES	I dive under the cover determined to reach their safe arms and wedge myself in the tiny crack between them .
tr	PAST	I thanked Carolina and hung up .
tr	PAST	She regarded him suspiciously .
tr	PRES	' What about the sharks ? '
tr	PAST	" I only volunteered because I thought I 'd see some action .
tr	PAST	He bore the scars of a tough life , and one of his blue eyes was permanently squinting .
tr	PAST	With a final flick of a switch , a row of monitors glowed to life across the top of the control board .
tr	PAST	A strange warmth seeped into her outer limbs , it replaced the cold chill that had been there before .
tr	PRES	He hauled in a deep breath .
tr	PAST	A shadow chased me in the woods .
tr	PRES	The light blazes up in Carolina 's hand , filling the bathroom with a soft , white light .
tr	PRES	" What about Cathy ? "
tr	PAST	Joe B. mentally slapped himself on the forehead .
tr	PAST	" I volunteered for years .
tr	PAST	Selena eyed the city in the distance and sighed .
tr	PRES	" Sure , " he mumbled before dropping the truck into reverse .
tr	PRES	He averted his eyes and stared at one of the bookshelves .
tr	PRES	She sees me looking at her and her jaw snaps shut .
tr	PAST	- OK -- they were smiling all time .
tr	PRES	The chick hopped out from the clock onto the ledge , its yellow feathers gleaming in the sunlight .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the air and smelled the sea .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us to my reason for coming .
tr	PRES	She lets go of my arm .
tr	PAST	Kill ... save ... the two needs battled for supremacy .
tr	PAST	She dared Reggie to eat twelve large marshmallows .
tr	PAST	Four ladies from their church hauled in enough food for a week .
tr	PAST	He replaced the cans and returned to stand alongside me .
tr	PAST	Burnett 's deep voice boomed through the door .
tr	PRES	Jules tries them out on me to measure response . "
tr	PAST	Michelle provided the names of different services , but I kept my search private -- completely separate from Brannigan 's business . "
tr	PRES	" Obviously , " Evie snaps .
tr	PAST	Clutching it in her fingers , she crumpled to the floor .
tr	PRES	he grunted , his expression simultaneously surly and fearful .
tr	PRES	" Four days from now , just before the GNC peace summit begins .
tr	PRES	" Only a scratch ; I will tie it up directly . "
tr	PAST	The officers advised Chris and Duff of their rights .
tr	PRES	" That 's right , Jess .
tr	PRES	" I 'll take that as a yes , " Tim mumbled .
tr	PRES	I assume they aren 't in traditional female areas ? '
tr	PAST	He circled the clump of trees .
tr	PRES	My curvy body helps , too .
tr	PAST	He caressed my arm .
tr	PRES	The air demon stops and stares in my direction .
tr	PAST	Her evident confidence in his interpretation appealed to him .
tr	PAST	He squinted to see clearer in the darkness of the night sky .
tr	PRES	" Would you describe your relationship as close ? "
tr	PRES	A con man , user , phony .
tr	PRES	Pat gasped and grabbed the arms of his chair , half lurching himself up .
tr	PRES	Dad pops his head out and scans the lobby .
tr	PAST	He successfully achieved an entire week of absolutely no eye contact .
tr	PRES	Why cheat herself out of a soda ?
tr	PAST	Such experiences served only to freak him out and distance him even further .
tr	PAST	" Wow ... " He exclaimed at my gift - " Alice in Wonderland " .
tr	PRES	My heart , once again did flips .
tr	PAST	" You cannot , " Shea stated .
tr	PRES	' Probably for the fun of it , Pol .
tr	PAST	They clasped their arms together in the tribe 's traditional way .
tr	PRES	Daisy breathes a quiet sigh of relief and laces her arm around his .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " he said , his voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	He extended the adorable stuffed animal towards the child while bringing it to life by slightly tilting the kitty 's head .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and shook with the cold , his lips were nearly blue and his face was very pale .
tr	PRES	" He touches me and I 'll sue all of you . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you to me ? "
tr	PAST	And a woman in Fresno claimed to have taken his picture .
tr	PAST	They probably split up and one of them is probably searching around here for you now . "
tr	PRES	" Although I only think he 's the first part , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	My mom hauled the door open .
tr	PAST	And always , always conscious of the water , angling toward the sea .
tr	PRES	" And apple pie ?
tr	PRES	She chuckles , nodding in agreement .
tr	PRES	" And Slade Spencer ? "
tr	PAST	The oven timer buzzed .
tr	PRES	With a smile , she slides through the door and onto the original vinyl seats .
tr	PRES	" What a psycho . "
tr	PRES	It helps us with our investigation , but it 's not admissible in a court .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and quickly followed , his voice a hoarse groan in her ears .
tr	PRES	Resting her fingers on the swollen lips , she coated her juices over her hardened clit .
tr	PAST	All sorts of colors swirled through his eyes .
tr	PRES	Shaking , I wipe my fingers on my pants .
tr	PRES	" No tricks . "
tr	PRES	She holds the fabric up in front of her .
tr	PRES	Money buys freedom , and the rich Americans gather money faster than the poor .
tr	PRES	Until he turned around , intent on rattling a response out of me .
tr	PRES	" I don 't have time to be traipsing around looking at all those houses , " mumbled Gia , still yanking at her hair .
tr	PAST	I tensed as I realized that I was in a dark , cramped space I couldn 't identify .
tr	PAST	Bruno 's philosophy influenced subsequent intellectual forces that led to the rise of modern science and to the Reformation .
tr	PRES	It kills you slowly , Charlie .
tr	PAST	A wave of worried whispers washed up around Amara .
tr	PAST	Instead of naming Pruitt his successor , he named Louisa CEO , and within days , Louisa filed for a divorce .
tr	PAST	Day Five I awoke to day five feeling a slight pinch in my stomach .
tr	PRES	And call me Pat , ok ? "
tr	PAST	" I 'm not tired , not a bit , " he claimed as his eyes drooped .
tr	PRES	" This belongs with you . "
tr	PRES	Dham opens his eyes and smiles at me .
tr	PAST	Taking in a deep breath , her heart racing , Amy circled the truck and climbed in on the driver 's side .
tr	PRES	This is our , modern standard tuning fork .
tr	PRES	" That 's madness , " murmurs Bennet .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brightly .
tr	PRES	" Wait , " she changes her mind .
tr	PRES	As soon as the door opens I immediately spot Quinn across the other side of the room .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled as the class laughed .
tr	PAST	Liz giggled and rested back into him .
tr	PRES	A moment later a flashlight shone against the outside of the tarp .
tr	PAST	Meikle clutched her bag to her chest .
tr	PRES	" By that , I assume you accept ? "
tr	PAST	He rotated the rifle positioned on the short wall till he placed Mike 's head in the cross hairs .
tr	PRES	She reaches back with her right hand .
tr	PAST	Wind swirled through the doorway , bringing with it cold and a stench of something rotting .
tr	PAST	Two strong white feathered wings extended out from his back .
tr	PRES	Oh , it explains everything - the ridiculous contradictions from the Mendocino officials , and from the San Francisco laboratories .
tr	PAST	Curious , I inched forward .
tr	PRES	Every doctor loses a patient once in a while , right ?
tr	PAST	Her eyes opened slowly , the gold nearly engulfed by black .
tr	PAST	The soup spattered his clothes , the pot bounced off the table , but missed him .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her hair , and wondered when just sitting beside her , holding her hand had become such an incredible turn on .
tr	PAST	Their faces bore twin scowls , and Fade had his hands curled into fists .
tr	PAST	Smith 's supporters cheered with excitement , but the vast population was thrust into shocked disbelief .
tr	PAST	Don 't worry about it , " I reassured him .
tr	PAST	He stole everything away from me with his scheming and treachery .
tr	PRES	For a split second , she freezes .
tr	PRES	She floats the larger of the two chests over to us and moves the other ones to cover where it was .
tr	PRES	The rest of the period passes quickly .
tr	PRES	Tam clears her throat and jumps in to save me .
tr	PRES	Mom reaches over , closing her hand on mine to stop me .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to talk , but then Dallas calls to us from the front door .
tr	PRES	Mira raced past Cole , who held his position , bow bent , covering her escape .
tr	PAST	From the point where she had fallen , the owl hopped forward along the bough .
tr	PRES	All the forest wildflowers immediately bloomed .
tr	PAST	He then submitted the data for processing and authorization .
tr	PAST	Webb predicted my face would fall by the way he said it .
tr	PAST	He extended his arm with a smile that matched the emotions singing inside her heart .
tr	PAST	He hardly dared to breathe until she closed the bathroom door .
tr	PAST	He hesitated so long , I feared he 'd take back the offer and the ring .
tr	PAST	Eyes closed , face soaked with her own blood .
tr	PRES	She remembers the guy was mean ... but his face still didn 't ring a bell .
tr	PAST	He eyed me carefully .
tr	PAST	He committed himself to the San Antonio trip with the boys and Kelly so there was no turning back .
tr	PRES	What if he tries to hurt you or your family ?
tr	PAST	His pleasure spurred hers until it rode her hard , tearing her apart .
tr	PAST	Nick propped an ankle on top of his knee , leaned back , and asked nonchalantly , " Are you actually apologizing ? "
tr	PAST	" Uh ... " Fine yellow hues pulse through Gabe 's aura .
tr	PAST	I countered , glancing at my appearance in the mirror .
tr	PAST	A grin tipped the edges of her mouth .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his clothes , shifted to Wolf , and went to the Liaison 's Office to have a few minutes of playtime with Meg .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not a vampire , " he reiterated . "
tr	PRES	" Though I must qualify your ' neutral ' assertion . "
tr	PRES	" I do , " Stacey exclaimed , eyes wide .
tr	PRES	She frowns as I reach out to touch the back of her hand .
tr	PRES	" They been cal ing you John Doe ? "
tr	PRES	into the future and cherish them , relive them over and over as she figured out what to do with her life now .
tr	PRES	" I sure will , Elle .
tr	PRES	A silver blade with crimson stains of blood lies against the ground , a small pool of blood around its edge .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PAST	The dust swirled up in the hard light .
tr	PAST	I dared not think that they would turn them from me with disdain and horror .
tr	PRES	His face softens , his eyes sparkle and he grins as he looks down at me in his arms .
tr	PAST	The woman hooked her thumb toward the bus stop far from where the drama had taken place .
tr	PAST	" Who cares about Rome anyway , that 's like two centuries ago , " joked Christy .
tr	PRES	It shone with a rich , warm light , as if it had always been there .
tr	PAST	Still trembling , she gritted her teeth and did as he instructed .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head trying to gauge where the sound came from .
tr	PAST	He giggled again , and ran up the stairs .
tr	PRES	My head pops up to spear Mr. Littleton with my glare .
tr	PAST	Inside his boots , his socks squished unpleasantly .
tr	PRES	" I haven 't had any reason to go anywhere , " I shout as the drum kicks up a notch for the pulsing rock chorus .
tr	PAST	I dumped my clothes out on the bed .
tr	PAST	Conrad cocked his head to one side and moved over to Sakura .
tr	PRES	You , of all men , when you 've been so tolerant . "
tr	PRES	" Stop looking at me like that , " Pete whispers .
tr	PRES	" You know , my offer still stands .
tr	PAST	The smell triggered the wolf in them , and they began to change .
tr	PAST	" I emailed a few pictures of your paintings to the art teacher at the junior college , Mrs. Hackett . "
tr	PRES	' Yeah ... lucky you , Tam ! '
tr	PRES	A wave of gratitude washes over me .
tr	PAST	Another sheet advertised antifreeze for cars , and a third sheet again warned of the danger to toddlers or pets .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you 're right , " Perrin mumbled sleepily .
tr	PAST	Jo steered the girl out the door and helped her settle into her car .
tr	PRES	The owner of the house flicks the needle with his fingers and then aims the tip at his forearm .
tr	PRES	The dream originated from the people who now lived in the mausoleum : Kelly and her friends who often communicated with Mary .
tr	PRES	" We put all our attention on the battle , " the noble turns back around and boldly lies to her .
tr	PRES	" This car definitely draws attention . "
tr	PRES	His mind opens , murky at first then clear and light as if it were a dark cave , and he had invited in the sun .
tr	PRES	" And with every second , my love remains in the wastelands , cold and alone .
tr	PRES	With a sigh and a mutter about his stubborn girls , he stands up and heads toward the door .
tr	PAST	Jordan matched her smile .
tr	PAST	Because they feared overwhelming her , because they feared pushing her too far .
tr	PRES	I detect the final destination of the teenage boy who drank too much in the wrong company - a shallow grave in the piney woods .
tr	PRES	Finally , the fear fades slowly , and the blue eyes become identical yellow ones on the face of a girl straining to hang on .
tr	PAST	We slowed our pace and held our skirts daintily before anyone could see us rushing .
tr	PAST	She propped her worn stuffed bunny onto an open suitcase , his glass eyes watching her with impassive mourning .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six I waited until I was absolutely sure my parents were sound asleep .
tr	PAST	Claire tugged her waterproof around her face and let the spray of the waterfall cover her .
tr	PRES	Without making eye contact , Leah mumbled , " Nice to meet you Mr. Lincoln . "
tr	PAST	He trusted Ren , though , and believed they were in a safe place for perhaps the first time in their lives .
tr	PRES	I lean back and sigh .
tr	PRES	" David Thayer . "
tr	PRES	" The man mountain over there that protects Foxton .
tr	PAST	Jerry 's eyes twinkled with some secret amusement .
tr	PAST	It advanced slowly forward .
tr	PAST	He sniffed every inch of the lawn and she knew he was searching for a sign that Cuddles was still there .
tr	PAST	Black streaks of hair coloring swirled down his neck and shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Fuck you , Cooper .
tr	PAST	The guy in the grey T-shirt produced a half smile and said , ' Yeah .
tr	PRES	Stay strong for me ok . "
tr	PRES	" I recall a bicycle .
tr	PAST	Sakura cocked her head to one side , wondering what he was talking about .
tr	PRES	" It helps , Stockton .
tr	PAST	I clutched her ass with both hands , growling with pleasure when I dipped my finger inside her and felt how wet she was for me .
tr	PRES	Not like he sees you . "
tr	PRES	I fold at the waist , dropping to the floor with dizziness .
tr	PRES	" Forget it , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Sir Robin on the red phone again , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Cloth of all kinds piled at the center of the kit , and I began my work .
tr	PRES	" He collapsed during the evacuation to LA , " he explains .
tr	PAST	The souls of the dead also required rest .
tr	PRES	Getting Gladstone 's job puts me closer to that objective , it opens doors .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands helplessly , and the world around me starts to close in .
tr	PRES	I grieve that so much that was good now festers in the tower .
tr	PRES	It , too , uses .30 - caliber rounds and I started searching for ammo just recently to test it .
tr	PRES	He loves us more than we know to send his only son to save the world . "
tr	PRES	And I teach -- " Not listening at all , Marissa nodded and ushered us back into the store .
tr	PAST	The world glowed in God 's warmth and Joseph had not appreciated his own good fortune .
tr	PAST	Only a second later , he flicked a glance back at her .
tr	PRES	' The next time the clock display changes I 'll be up and dressed in seconds . '
tr	PAST	" Not exactly the reaction I was hoping for , " he chided and then he drew her little toe into his mouth .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you to California ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone likes Captain Tanaka . "
tr	PRES	' This whole messy business muddled up my mind . '
tr	PRES	The physician nervously tries to calm him and leads him into a laboratory .
tr	PAST	Ally elbowed me in the ribs , " You can almost see the smoke coming out of her ears . "
tr	PRES	He pushes his hands through is golden hair .
tr	PRES	" They 're herding them up , " Kenji explains .
tr	PAST	Henry eyed Tasha with a mild curiosity but they sat in the silence , neither saying a word , and waited .
tr	PRES	A man I don 't know enters , followed by -- Jarvis .
tr	PAST	She acted the part of an aristocrat almost perfectly . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm in the dog house right now , " Shadow admitted , a wry grin on his face .
tr	PAST	But he doubted their fledging friendship could survive a fling .
tr	PAST	Jake eyed him up and down .
tr	PRES	Alix mumbled her thanks .
tr	PAST	Unable to wait any longer , I tugged gently at the ribbon and the box fell open .
tr	PAST	He replaced the note on the counter and walked into the living room .
tr	PAST	" Don 't be ridiculous , it 's easy , here look , " again Lamplighter clutched down on the wedge .
tr	PRES	" Not that you don 't rock that look , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" Who wishes entry to Bornholm ? "
tr	PAST	Her panicked eyes found Sandra 's , and a bubble of air escaped her lips .
tr	PAST	It alighted beside me , and I looked towards its entrance , half expecting to see someone .
tr	PAST	She no longer feared him .
tr	PAST	I plopped myself down on a bench at one of the wobbly tables and loudly announced , ' I 'll have beer ! '
tr	PRES	He uses his earnings from the restaurant -- money I pay him -- for drugs . "
tr	PAST	I doubted she walked anywhere .
tr	PRES	He stands to the left of the platform .
tr	PAST	Millie flung the paper on the bed and walked closer to her husband , hands on hips .
tr	PRES	' That wears off fairly soon . '
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Maggie .
tr	PAST	Even though he was angry with Justin for not listening , he also blamed himself for not being there for Justin when he needed him the most .
tr	PAST	She sobbed for what felt like a long time .
tr	PAST	The row of lights on the left side suddenly brightened .
tr	PRES	" About the lighthouse .
tr	PRES	I dig my cell phone out of my purse to call Amber .
tr	PRES	She giggles and follows him into the little building , and I flick my head toward the movie house .
tr	PAST	Devon much preferred the openness of the area to the other parts of campus .
tr	PRES	Bring him donuts every morning .
tr	PRES	" You 've got to do something , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Ashe exclaimed with fear .
tr	PRES	" None of your business , slut .
tr	PAST	I scribbled feverishly , my pen moving across the page at an almost frightening speed .
tr	PRES	Skyla remains frozen , perfectly bent over , most likely amazed she got the ball to obey her command .
tr	PAST	While he dreamed of them in the nighttime and woke up hot , sweaty , and hard .
tr	PRES	' Just what I wanted ; Billy Richards in my group . '
tr	PAST	A slightly chubby man extended his hand and I took it , instantly detached .
tr	PRES	" The sooner she learns the truth , the better . "
tr	PAST	With a loud groan , almost a yell of aggravation , Hosni stormed out of the room once more .
tr	PAST	" I moved to Chicago , fled was more like it .
tr	PRES	The program recognizes sequences as matching those existing within a pre-defined universe of possibilities . "
tr	PRES	Mix and mingle with our exotic demonstration models and enjoy complimentary wine and cheese .
tr	PRES	She bursts into tears .
tr	PAST	As they continued down the road , the moonlight revealed a mixture of emotions on the many faces sitting across from them .
tr	PAST	Rising to her feet , she circled the table and settled her hands on his shoulders , covered by his brocade robe .
tr	PRES	The first act allows the issue to be seen through the male lens .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry for your loss , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	I swing my face towards the computer console , searching for the solution then smirk .
tr	PAST	No one touches me without my permission . "
tr	PRES	" Aye , Aye , captain .
tr	PRES	" Pretty shaky . "
tr	PRES	We al watched from inside the mine , rapt , as smoke began to arise from the hound 's enormous head .
tr	PRES	" Does he scare you ? "
tr	PRES	The creature 's head wove back and forth on a long neck that rose from slumped shoulders .
tr	PRES	Almost always , Vee 's wishes trump mine .
tr	PAST	Dropping my head , I tugged and tore at the lone tuft of grass growing near the fire pit .
tr	PAST	" Not at all , " I scooted over .
tr	PRES	Dark , sultry , the onyx orbs practically alive .
tr	PRES	Behind them , Aria shimmers and flashes into view .
tr	PAST	A table leg collapsed and spilled her dead , dead weight to the floor .
tr	PRES	Warner 's lips twitch .
tr	PRES	Fox attempts to run forward , dragging the machine with him .
tr	PRES	Daddy 's voice brings me back from my fantasy .
tr	PAST	" You don 't know that , " Frank piped up .
tr	PRES	' What brings you to my fine establishment ? '
tr	PAST	The door opened a moment later and a young woman appeared , her blonde hair piled atop her head in a mass of wild curls .
tr	PRES	Also , the height and size of the building towers looking like it could reach all the way to Asgard .
tr	PAST	Finally , they emerged at the surface , after having ascended from the underground complex .
tr	PAST	Vic yawned again , and his eye snapped shut once more .
tr	PRES	Afterwards , he returns to campus where he is scheduled to be one of the prop people on the risers .
tr	PRES	" Nobody misses a meal around here . "
tr	PAST	Simon swooped into the massive tent , bringing a gasp from the only real stranger in the space .
tr	PRES	That fang remains the token of his greatest success , his tutelage of a man who stopped the world with music .
tr	PRES	I relax into his embrace , feeling the race of his heartbeat , and his labored breath .
tr	PAST	Locking the door , he instructed her to put the gloves in the trailer .
tr	PAST	If only he had looked before he leaped because that was when he knocked his head .
tr	PAST	Jake 's laugh boomed .
tr	PRES	Cole chokes on his drink .
tr	PRES	" So , " her tone softens , " what are you wearing tomorrow night ? "
tr	PAST	" I am not , " Capella denied resolutely .
tr	PRES	' And Kaspar ? '
tr	PAST	A sick , twisted fear washed over her .
tr	PAST	Holding the youngster up inches away from its own face , it screeched something that sounded like annoyance .
tr	PAST	The doctor rummaged about in his cupboard and produced a vial of treacly looking stuff .
tr	PAST	A spark of mischief glowed in Dan 's heart , feeble as he was .
tr	PRES	Now , if you follow me and take your seats in the auditorium . "
tr	PRES	I lean forward in the chair .
tr	PAST	Sophie 's heart skipped a beat at the urgency in his voice , and she did not protest .
tr	PAST	She exhaled and her head came down to rest against mine .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to speak before he stops .
tr	PAST	Rory 's gaze bore into him : suspicion mixed with self-righteous indignation , a dangerous combination .
tr	PRES	Even though he was joking , that comment still stung .
tr	PRES	A new tear opens up at the edge of his gash , blood waving down it in the spray .
tr	PAST	A faint voice of reason attempted to be heard .
tr	PRES	" Never mind , Hal .
tr	PAST	She pretended to study the elegant hardwood floors , trying to remember her mother 's pep talk and what all she 'd planned to say .
tr	PRES	He holds up the book .
tr	PAST	Jacob tipped the bottle back again .
tr	PAST	An amused smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as he gazed at Archer .
tr	PAST	Red exploded as if I 'd hit him with a paint gun pellet .
tr	PRES	She taps away on the keyboard .
tr	PRES	He puts the top on , then removes it again as he has noticed that the display and keyboard have slipped . "
tr	PRES	But he likes my daughter . "
tr	PAST	" Who dared to do this to you ? "
tr	PRES	The corner of her lip twitches .
tr	PRES	Daniel really likes white chocolate when he 's researching , multi-grain blueberry granola when he 's thinking .
tr	PAST	Not even when Sophia slugged him , blamed for someone else 's dick .
tr	PRES	" And he holds your interest ? "
tr	PRES	It squirms and flips wildly , then falls still to the ground as Snake 's gun erupts in sound .
tr	PAST	She groped around in the blackness , and shortly gave a grunt of satisfaction .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want a lecture , " I warn him .
tr	PRES	The joke falls flat .
tr	PAST	I tensed my thighs , pulsing them while I thought .
tr	PAST	Instead , she reread the earlier text he 'd sent her .
tr	PRES	" In a grenade . "
tr	PRES	He glances over to the GT and winks at me as if we 're friends .
tr	PAST	Maddie sniffed , getting into the car .
tr	PAST	Laughter floated from the rink as they moved toward it .
tr	PRES	We evacuate the gem sectors first .
tr	PRES	He creeps to the back door , cracks it open and stands peeping out .
tr	PRES	He stands slightly and reaches across the table and shakes my hand .
tr	PRES	" And now he brings a dress to a girl -- " " That 's right !
tr	PRES	Quick as a striking snake , his hand flashes out .
tr	PRES	It will be a slaughter I am sure , " Dresden states scratching his chin .
tr	PAST	They circled each other .
tr	PAST	I motioned between us .
tr	PRES	After several rings , he heard a woman 's sleepy voice say , " Hello . "
tr	PRES	The guard opens the door , probably to yell at me for overstaying my welcome , but I 'm already making my way out .
tr	PAST	So , I dispatched Tim to cook up some steak stir-fry , a request he was more than eager to accomodate .
tr	PAST	I pinched the underside of my forearm , focusing on the pain instead of all the other crap .
tr	PRES	" New Jersey ! "
tr	PRES	" He hath guided my faltering steps since the day that other sight came upon me and I bound up mine eyes that I might better see .
tr	PAST	She prepped the slide , and Doug fired up the lamp .
tr	PRES	Katarina helps me nudge us back towards the rear , giving me more space to pull away from the beast .
tr	PAST	A glance around revealed that the windscreen and side windows had developed cracks where there had been none .
tr	PRES	He hooks his finger under my chin and elevates my face upward .
tr	PAST	When Nesbitt disappeared from view , Ice motioned for Corey to follow him to the back of the cabin .
tr	PRES	When Jack stood in front of the painting , he beamed .
tr	PRES	When you set fire to something , it tends to get a little confused . "
tr	PRES	As he touches me , though , a slow realization slides over his face .
tr	PRES	And wear slacks . "
tr	PAST	" You blackmailed him with Evy 's life ? "
tr	PAST	He treated her to a slow , provocative grin meant to tease and tantalize .
tr	PAST	They were about the size of Kenny 's foot and gold decorations reflected the Stone 's brilliant light .
tr	PRES	She hears confused whispers .
tr	PRES	He hears her promise , and it is really the only encouragement he needed .
tr	PAST	Kiersten shrieked in my ear .
tr	PRES	When we 're inside Marian lets out a high-pitched nervous giggle .
tr	PRES	She stands at the base and cranes her neck to look up at it .
tr	PRES	Getting up , he helps the next soldier over to Isabelle .
tr	PRES	Nothing but you and me , darlin ' . "
tr	PAST	Weakness stole through her , insidious and undeniable .
tr	PRES	I hereby assume leadership myself . '
tr	PRES	" But enough chatter .
tr	PAST	He cuffed her , read her the rights she knew by heart from TV shows and practically threw her in the back of a police van .
tr	PRES	" He likes you .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back on the seat , her chest tight at how close she and Disco had come to being caught in that blaze .
tr	PAST	I inhaled on a cry at the final thrust .
tr	PRES	The stairway image disappears upward into a cluster of white puffy clouds , light ray streaks , and golden sunshine .
tr	PAST	I crouched and ran back to the front of the house .
tr	PRES	She draws me away from the body and faces me toward the walls , away from death .
tr	PRES	" When they broke the news about the reforms , I didn 't have the credits to provision the ship , " Surge explains .
tr	PAST	He chided himself that she was only a stranger .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Mr. Edwards , thanks for getting back to me .
tr	PAST	Alex stares at him blankly .
tr	PRES	Instead , he kills the ignition and opens his door .
tr	PAST	" So we need to work together , " Roth stated .
tr	PRES	" And totally illegal .
tr	PRES	It 's too dangerous , and we 've had reports of looting , " a stern soldier explains .
tr	PAST	A quick aura check proved as much .
tr	PRES	I lean against the counter and sip my coffee , trying to ignore the ache behind my eyes .
tr	PRES	My mind refuses to seize on his words , so it focuses on Mara instead .
tr	PRES	Sean 's word holds .
tr	PRES	They all reek of money with those clothes and those cars .
tr	PAST	I scribbled across the sheet and passed it back to him .
tr	PRES	Just in time , I simply incline my head .
tr	PAST	People slowed down , moving like windup dolls , as I mentally took their photos .
tr	PRES	" My writer . "
tr	PRES	" No crime ? "
tr	PAST	The others claimed third and fourth respectively , which would grant us all a decent amount of sleep .
tr	PRES	That show was on that he likes .
tr	PAST	Monica appealed to Jack .
tr	PAST	" A tragedy , " he stated roughly .
tr	PRES	" Two dinners ? "
tr	PRES	" Sean Kendrick . "
tr	PRES	She offers out a beautiful pastel lemon dress .
tr	PAST	I created a fireball - a small one .
tr	PAST	Her fingers lingered on the GPS beacon tucked away in her tool bag .
tr	PRES	She shook her head , her eyes spitting sharp blades of fire my way .
tr	PAST	Ken clamped a hand on his mouth in surprise , his eyes pierced on my father , who was having a hard time talking with the maids .
tr	PRES	For that much , he at least deserves a decent burial . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mumbled as he went farther into the room .
tr	PRES	" Are there good humans and bad humans , Katy ? "
tr	PRES	" If your grandmother is alive , that changes everything . "
tr	PAST	When I stumbled over the body in the woods at Kimber 's party , grief like no other stole over me .
tr	PRES	She holds her head high , her posture rigidly straight as she glides down the hall .
tr	PRES	" Things belong in their proper place . "
tr	PRES	" Presents , presents ! "
tr	PAST	It vibrated through the cushions and crawled across my skin .
tr	PAST	~ The door boomed open and I shot from my seat .
tr	PAST	Hemp 's muffled voice through his mask , but faint .
tr	PRES	No more petty dictators or rogue states mucking around with peace and security .
tr	PRES	Trisha now even angrier .
tr	PRES	He stops at an intersection and three women in brightly colored coats cross the street in front of us .
tr	PRES	" And Gregory Davis ? "
tr	PRES	Ryan points in the middle of one of the heaps and says , " There it is . "
tr	PAST	A crooked grin tugged at his lips .
tr	PRES	Your people need the charm of their Princess , but when disaster strikes , she is always absent , " he points out , stifling another cough .
tr	PAST	Where we trusted each other implicitly ?
tr	PRES	He deserves the same consideration as any other citizen .
tr	PAST	His hands tensed to make fists and then he relaxed them again .
tr	PRES	He lets out a roar of laughter , and I whip my gun across the back of his head .
tr	PAST	He signalled , and the channel was terminated .
tr	PAST	His body tensed at my words and I pulled away from him slightly so I could look up to his face .
tr	PRES	But your rampage stops here .
tr	PRES	' Clearly , she suffers from some severe , debilitating defect .
tr	PAST	He flattened his hand against the swinging kitchen door and pushed his way inside .
tr	PAST	A look of fear shadowed the girl 's eyes when a bell rang .
tr	PAST	" The tracks split here . "
tr	PRES	" Virginia Beach . "
tr	PRES	She lets out another moan , but it doesn 't worry me this time .
tr	PRES	Pox slows the carriage then halts .
tr	PRES	Cal never talks in a know-it-all tone , but when he knows it all , you just know that he knows .
tr	PRES	Feeling a little bit despondent she logged into her social media accounts to see what had happened since she last checked them on Thursday night .
tr	PAST	She chuckled at the disappointment he 'd injected into his voice , then sobered when their eyes met .
tr	PAST	She sensed the threads of Fae magic from the sword across the room drifting toward her , as though drawn by her healing touch .
tr	PAST	Jim exclaimed , " They 're bringing it back to us ! "
tr	PAST	They awoke to the sun crawling up in the sky .
tr	PAST	Then he hauled her up against him .
tr	PRES	Mason lays on the bed thrashing .
tr	PAST	Other times , she simply tightened her mouth into a line and left , scheming behind his back until she achieved her goals .
tr	PRES	Half an hour later , after much kissing and groping , I padded back to my room triumphant .
tr	PAST	I stole one of the boats and here I am . "
tr	PRES	Haymitch offers me a cup .
tr	PRES	I yell after her .
tr	PRES	The act of drinking blood brings a rush of energy and vitality to the vampire .
tr	PRES	" I have plenty here , plus , inevitability states that the moment I leave this place unattended will be the moment I 'm needed .
tr	PRES	He hates it , so I save it for special occasions .
tr	PAST	Thayer 's broad shoulders tensed .
tr	PAST	Arno , looking as if he couldn 't believe his eyes , jabbed again .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the card before handing it back to the woman .
tr	PAST	Maxwell 's ears perked up at the name .
tr	PRES	Everything I 've read describes her as the most compassionate woman you could ever meet .
tr	PAST	It unsettled her even more , and she let out the breath that she had been holding in .
tr	PRES	Some of the voices in the crowd mumbled .
tr	PRES	Another groan tries to crawl up my throat , but I push it down .
tr	PRES	She broke off suddenly , her eyes blinking furiously .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to stop being afraid and began to get upset when it refused to work .
tr	PRES	And now , the ones I owed favors to ?
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together .
tr	PRES	He sees what you 've made me become , the things I have to do now .
tr	PRES	The current times promote selfishness and survival of the fittest .
tr	PAST	With an hour of daylight remaining , they washed and hung their clothes and got into the spare sets they had in their packs .
tr	PRES	She likes clothes , is great with numbers and was the only reason I passed pre-calculus .
tr	PRES	This brings you anger , and also fear , yes ?
tr	PRES	He snaps his head up to look at the catwalk far above and makes a joyful hoot sound before flapping his wings and soaring upward swiftly .
tr	PAST	Her honesty washed over me like a refreshing summer rain .
tr	PRES	" All right ... if it helps you . "
tr	PRES	That and the toe muck .
tr	PAST	He crouched forward , legs tightening as Thunder drove down the lists .
tr	PRES	" What the heck are you doing , you idiot ?
tr	PRES	I recall a visit I paid to Lord Loss 's kingdom several years ago .
tr	PRES	" Because if a minor leak develops in a vacuum , you either physically patch it or the vacuum fails .
tr	PAST	Not so much of their adversary , but of themselves turning into the very thing they sought to destroy .
tr	PAST	The binding holding them together triggered a thought hovering in his mind .
tr	PAST	We hopped into a rented jeep and took a short drive to a harbor .
tr	PAST	The craft slowed to a halt , breaking down upon a rocky platform .
tr	PAST	His near lifeless form before me was all the reprimand I needed .
tr	PAST	I awoke to feel that the ship had slowed down considerably .
tr	PRES	" Such a good-looking man . "
tr	PAST	He slowed further , almost stopped .
tr	PAST	She stomped ahead of him .
tr	PRES	" How you doing , Jacobs ? "
tr	PAST	A warm , strong hand curved along my cheek ; the touch was so different than my mother 's , but equally powerful and heartbreakingly tender .
tr	PRES	His mouth tastes like mint and heaven .
tr	PRES	He then glances sharply at the glass panel .
tr	PAST	Another twenty minutes crawled along , still nothing .
tr	PAST	A silver coloured roller blind adorned the window and Ilona looked out to the garden beyond .
tr	PAST	But I ceased caring .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , your highness , " Lancelot answered loudly .
tr	PRES	" Nicolas De La Cruz . "
tr	PAST	Joe motioned to Sage indicating what he and Pat were planning to do .
tr	PAST	The phone on the desk buzzed and he lifted the receiver .
tr	PRES	" I think I 'd rather be lucid for this , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around my shoulder and hugs me into his side .
tr	PRES	" William trusts you . "
tr	PRES	Murphy came walking up , her badge hanging on a chain around her neck , and said , " Easy there , big guy . "
tr	PAST	" We 're fine , " Hudson grunted , and I tried not to laugh as I wiggled against him .
tr	PAST	Rena tugged to free her arm again .
tr	PAST	I circled the hole , shotgun pointing down .
tr	PAST	Mia slowed down and started to limp more than before .
tr	PAST	I jolted awake in the dim room .
tr	PRES	You and the King differ more than two kinds of fruit .
tr	PAST	She dumped out the organs and ripped out the skeleton .
tr	PAST	He tensed at a noise from above .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Will crowed .
tr	PAST	She exhaled on a rush .
tr	PRES	Hold still , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	My heart throbs as anger explodes in my chest .
tr	PRES	After cleaning up the breakfast dishes , Cash helps get Dad settled back into his chair and we head for the barn .
tr	PAST	" I have already been tortured to the full limits , by that horse , " he stated dryly , then he sobered .
tr	PRES	I request we wait for their arrival .
tr	PAST	His fingers lingered at her neck for a minute before he met her gaze in the mirror and stepped back .
tr	PRES	Kenji points to the middle .
tr	PRES	It flashes red in the areas that it was unsafe to go to .
tr	PRES	Something about the human mind 's inability to handle so much psi stimulation .
tr	PAST	He never regained consciousness .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	" Five or six of them , " he reported back , falling to his knees next to them to help .
tr	PRES	My son uses it during hunting season and the holidays .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't I tel you ? "
tr	PAST	A few weeks ago , when she suspected she might be carrying his child , she 'd nearly panicked .
tr	PAST	Cullen immediately chased after her .
tr	PAST	Someone , I thought it was Judith , hooted in encouragement .
tr	PRES	" Something you know , Director ? "
tr	PAST	We 've circled behind the building once more .
tr	PAST	Instantly he seized a hold of the out stretched arm and pulled it into the path of his foes other appendage .
tr	PRES	Gale holds up a sheath .
tr	PAST	She tugged hard on his hand , tipping him off balance and down to her seated level .
tr	PRES	The hissing reaches its peak , only now it 's a scream of pain .
tr	PRES	Adam sighs , rolls his eyes dramatically .
tr	PAST	Alena plunged into darkness , pig pressed securely to her chest .
tr	PRES	" Be Right , " the crowd cheers .
tr	PAST	He glided the warm rag up and down my thighs , making sure I felt it through my whole body .
tr	PAST	She , Gregori and a man Lara had never met named Gary , retreated together to try to explore ideas on how to combat the microbe .
tr	PAST	Her body , which had begun to calm and relax , immediately tensed and stilled like a statue .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and ushers me inside .
tr	PRES	" What about the quest ? "
tr	PRES	Her mum 's not around , ' away for a few months receiving treatment , ' Jolie explains .
tr	PAST	Her footsteps faltered when Dia flicked on the light , illuminating the room surrounding her .
tr	PAST	The second note tugged harder at the prisoner keening in his mind .
tr	PAST	An involuntary twitch buzzed up Glen 's arm .
tr	PAST	Ryan slowed to a walk as he reached the foot of the wall .
tr	PAST	Blake unbuttoned the top button on his suit jacket before taking his place at the table .
tr	PRES	It uses up my stored energy and saps my strength .
tr	PAST	The sword glowed even brighter after that , whirling strongly in the air .
tr	PAST	He claimed to love all his creatures but then would not let them question Him .
tr	PRES	When Lea noticed that , she rushed in , getting in punching range to throw a right uppercut .
tr	PRES	Our target down ? "
tr	PRES	Rebecca sees the confusion on the Reverend 's face , but manages to keep her expression impassive .
tr	PRES	" Well , with your new status upgrade , you now qualify to get an assistant .
tr	PAST	" I would , " he countered sharply .
tr	PAST	The Jeep sped down her street .
tr	PAST	Her body tensed at that , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	PAST	I practically destroyed his money laundering business .
tr	PRES	A queer kind of a smell , stuffy .
tr	PAST	" I did , " Anna claimed .
tr	PAST	She plunged her tongue deep into his mouth and wielded it like a weapon .
tr	PRES	" To Geraldine . "
tr	PRES	" Only because my mom lets us do whatever the hell we want , " Micha points out .
tr	PRES	My arm brings it to me .
tr	PAST	Nobody messed with her .
tr	PRES	" Everything ´ s going to be okay , " I reassure her .
tr	PAST	" I never claimed to understand them . "
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't even boil water if I tried . "
tr	PAST	I bounced her on my shoulder , comforted her .
tr	PAST	he fumed , as the staff of charred wood continued to hold his twirling weapon at bay .
tr	PRES	' Pyramids , ' she muttered , focusing fiercely on the market stalls lining both sides of the street on which they were travelling . '
tr	PAST	She cups her hands around her coffee and nods , not smiling , not frowning , just blowing out a stressed breath .
tr	PRES	Sam barely whispers but I hear it anyway .
tr	PRES	" Of course it bothers me .
tr	PRES	At least the game , allows me to get some of my energy out .
tr	PRES	" I begged my father to let me do his filing .
tr	PRES	I jump to my feet , the chill swiftly fading .
tr	PAST	I dared to hope some of the guys might have had the balls to have come with me .
tr	PAST	Daniel jabbed the man three times in quick succession -- twice in the chest and once in the neck .
tr	PAST	His eyes squinted at the letters scratched on the casing .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded through her .
tr	PRES	Completely , utterly numb .
tr	PRES	" Oh Sidney . "
tr	PAST	Though it was late , Shifters lingered on porches , enjoying the brisk night and the bright moonlight .
tr	PRES	" So not Shadows ? "
tr	PAST	She scrolled down the page and clicked on the OLDER COMMENTS button and found what she was looking for .
tr	PRES	Dreams that involved kissing and touching where clothes were considered optional .
tr	PAST	For once in your life , just feel , " he urged , his voice filled with the desire she was also feeling .
tr	PRES	Turning to the steward he said , " Conduct Countess Merrick to the chamber next to mine . "
tr	PRES	She considers my question in silence .
tr	PAST	Gansey drily thanked Ronan for his assistance .
tr	PRES	His mouth opens to say something but then stops .
tr	PRES	He peels off his shirt and I don 't know where to look .
tr	PRES	He always carries the binoculars with the string around his neck .
tr	PRES	Her lip pops out as she frowns even more .
tr	PAST	" Nonsense , " Elizabeth countered .
tr	PRES	" T lets hold back and let them do this bit on their own . "
tr	PRES	She presses her lips tightly together .
tr	PRES	It kills me that I can 't fix that .
tr	PAST	They floated over his head like clouds in the sky .
tr	PAST	It only served to attract the sand piranha towards me the moment I got into the river .
tr	PRES	He stops talking ; he is staring straight ahead , gripping the steering wheel hard .
tr	PRES	" Well , uh , let 's see , " I fumble .
tr	PRES	The teacher glares at me , but doesn 't seem at all surprised by the loss of everyone 's attention to me .
tr	PAST	Four people piled into the car and they took off down the road .
tr	PAST	Gene willed his body to be still .
tr	PRES	Trajan rises from the bed and absently I move to the side to let him walk past .
tr	PRES	" What about my birthday ? "
tr	PRES	" That brings up the next name -- Molly Miller .
tr	PRES	Trystan 's fingers flinch .
tr	PRES	" Get out , " she said , her voice tremulous and awful with her terror .
tr	PRES	He dives down with an intense wild kiss .
tr	PRES	One to keep Callie busy so she wouldn 't see Dylan arrive .
tr	PAST	The wax bore the mark of the Duke 's own lion seal .
tr	PRES	Fuchs strikes me as overconfident .
tr	PAST	The medical staff erected a small curtain above my waist so that Candace and I couldn 't see what they were doing .
tr	PRES	Turning his attention to the door , he sees the other skeleton is nearly complete as well .
tr	PAST	Her stomach churned with fear .
tr	PAST	His other hand clutched his slingshot .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " he teased .
tr	PAST	It required two sturdy footmen to get Samuel up the steps of the town house and into his own bed .
tr	PRES	Sean presses into me and my back slams into the wall .
tr	PRES	He presses into a polite smile .
tr	PRES	She points to Lacey and then at me , and then goes back and forth .
tr	PAST	that split second between life and death .
tr	PRES	" Because he 's so scornful . "
tr	PRES	" And that really pisses me off . "
tr	PAST	Mostly she dreamed of John burning in a fire and her not being able to save him .
tr	PAST	Bernard exhaled slowly and glanced at Amara .
tr	PAST	He massaged her stiff shoulders .
tr	PRES	He lies down next to me , and I run my fingers over the flames wrapping around his rib cage .
tr	PRES	She sighs heavily and starts the car .
tr	PRES	He shows up in Virginia , sees what 's happening , and Danny is suddenly going to prison ?
tr	PAST	" I just underestimated how light .
tr	PAST	" We probably missed them by minutes , " uttered Sean , rubbing his face wearily .
tr	PAST	The man stares back , but with less conviction than he had two seconds ago .
tr	PAST	She bowed her head slightly in deference , then withdrew from the room , leaving him with his books .
tr	PRES	Gavin points to the circuit diagram .
tr	PAST	From the rear of the playing field , a path zigzagged down a slope to a road that paralleled Main Street .
tr	PRES	She shuddered , her lashes slowly lowering .
tr	PRES	The front door slams a few seconds later .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my hand under my bottom and pulled my phone from my back pocket .
tr	PRES	He tries to laugh .
tr	PRES	Clutching the broken halves and the first aid kit , I stomp up the stairs and into the bathroom that connects to Alex 's room .
tr	PRES	She approaches him and stops only a foot away .
tr	PAST	Right on schedule , Shifty exploded .
tr	PAST	Lewis whirled to the nearest console , slapped the key for the Seal Off program .
tr	PRES	" Good night , beautiful Sarah , " his voice softens , sounding almost romantic .
tr	PRES	" But he always helps you .
tr	PAST	" Because , " he faltered , " they couldn 't find the guy .
tr	PAST	He pursued him into the caverns .
tr	PAST	His fingers squished in slippery blood which covered the cotton fabric of the shirt .
tr	PRES	That throws me off .
tr	PAST	One perfectly threaded eyebrow , that is .
tr	PAST	Willow doubted Hekate would try to penetrate the defenses of the Emerald Circle Manor house tonight .
tr	PRES	" Breathe , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Here lies Moonlight My favourite mare .
tr	PRES	" I know , Jesus .
tr	PAST	He trudged across the street towards the bar .
tr	PRES	" The same shield that protects my husband protects me . "
tr	PAST	They busted out of a California prison ten days ago . "
tr	PRES	Laughing whispers from the fluttering avian carpet around her feet .
tr	PRES	Evan glances up at the skylight where a Sprite is ramming his head against the glass .
tr	PRES	Even without words I knew he was enjoying the way I teased his cock .
tr	PAST	Grace steadied him with a hand against his spine .
tr	PRES	" Your sister never ceases to amaze me . "
tr	PAST	Then she stiffened again .
tr	PAST	It shattered outward in an explosion of glass , carrying him forward as if his body were being carried on a wave , vanishing into the night .
tr	PRES	' Seriously Elle ! '
tr	PRES	The man with the blonde hair falls to the floor , moaning in pain and his nose begins to pour blood .
tr	PAST	" From the moment I awoke until now , I have dreamed of revenge .
tr	PAST	Vee smacked Marcie upside the head with her handbag .
tr	PAST	Pain and desire melded until one became indistinct from the other .
tr	PRES	" Let me in , jackass , " Chloe says , pushing me out of the way .
tr	PRES	" Aye , aye , captain . "
tr	PRES	I shout , " Please shut up ! "
tr	PAST	A black four-door car with darkly tinted windows screeched to a halt in the parking lot in front of the building .
tr	PAST	Joe motioned to his brother .
tr	PAST	The state of human suffering under demonic possession never ceased to surprise him .
tr	PRES	" What about Devon ? "
tr	PAST	" My thought exactly , " Silk approved , putting his hand on the eunuch 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	My mom tugged her into the kitchen and kissed her cheek and hugged her tightly as if she didn 't just see her the day before .
tr	PRES	" No , " I blurt , and spin around , and keep going down the hall .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not , " I lied , clicking my seatbelt loose .
tr	PRES	" You don 't understand , " I mumbled weakly .
tr	PRES	He stands silently for a moment , struggling to tell me something important .
tr	PAST	Griffin Pulled a jacket from nowhere and settled it over my shoulders .
tr	PRES	All his teachings , I begged and implored him just this once to gather my words in his ear and deliver her to my shores .
tr	PRES	Zane mumbled as he stared up at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	Mia 's laugh floated around him as she admitted , " I wouldn 't dare .
tr	PAST	The crazed people who dig themselves out of the ruins come screaming back to life , minds upended by their ravaged bodies .
tr	PRES	He puffs on his cigar , the end of it glowing bright orange .
tr	PRES	Not Mister Vimes . "
tr	PAST	" They 're making more Sentinels , " Daniel announced .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to the ground .
tr	PAST	Etienne grunted in the negative as he followed .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and met his gaze , wickedness burning in hers .
tr	PAST	she squealed for like the tenth time , just before halftime .
tr	PAST	" No , no , " Dana countered with excitement and waved happily to the woman .
tr	PAST	Paige , who stood close to me , circled me , eyeing me like I was for sale .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand into the cab and slowly drew out the creature within .
tr	PAST	As if he wasn 't practically engaged to Mary Thornton !
tr	PAST	They knew each other , " he finally said , his voice mingled with the sound of the engine .
tr	PAST	A deep chuckle rumbled in his throat .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over as a smile pursed his lips .
tr	PAST	No one had ever kissed her like this , no one would have dared .
tr	PRES	" Since when does Edmund swim ? "
tr	PRES	" You accusing me of being stupid ? "
tr	PRES	he roars , and with each word his sword swipes closer to my face .
tr	PRES	A square of white shone onto the floor through the open door .
tr	PAST	The clear stone glowed with a disturbing green light .
tr	PRES	He stops talking , and when I finally look up again , he exhales .
tr	PAST	The purple sash around his chest identified him as a councilor .
tr	PAST	Henry tugged at the chains again , but his blank expression didn 't change .
tr	PRES	THE END CHAPTER ONE " Oh hell , no . "
tr	PRES	' The matter of the Lady Galadriel lies still between us .
tr	PRES	More than a hundred Knights .
tr	PRES	My mom touches Jeff 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	" What brings you down here on a day off ? "
tr	PRES	I begged her . "
tr	PRES	Allyson holds the watch in her hand .
tr	PAST	But I doubted it , and secretly I resented the court politics which I blamed for devastating her nerves and inviting her to an early grave .
tr	PAST	But while the early Romans may have killed off the Etruscan civilization , they absorbed many of the people .
tr	PAST	I dismissed the thought as quickly as it appeared .
tr	PRES	I assume Sean 's coming ? "
tr	PRES	" They feed on people . "
tr	PAST	Obeying , the group froze .
tr	PRES	" Oh Scott , may I borrow your cell phone for a minute ? "
tr	PRES	Then she bursts up from the surface , takes a huge gulp of air , and dives back down .
tr	PAST	Once in a while he received disapproving looks from his parents .
tr	PAST	He flattened his hands beside her keyboard and leaned forward .
tr	PRES	" Last night , after you and I left , Mindi danced with Buck . "
tr	PAST	Electricity sped through Nikolas and he found himself looking up at the sky , moaning .
tr	PAST	And mortified , too , but her new friend didn 't look very interested in the squabble .
tr	PRES	A deep growl escaped his throat , and he pushed his head down against the blade , his slowing snaps edging closer to my face .
tr	PAST	" Thar ye be , " Black Sam exclaimed as he hunkered down beside John .
tr	PRES	Can you not feel it , Raven ? "
tr	PRES	My stomach fills with nervous butterflies as my hand lay on the doorknob .
tr	PRES	When I don 't look the least bit interested in dressing up for her shindig , she flashes me a practiced , superficial smile .
tr	PRES	As the demons hold her up , Jonathan passes through her , ripping at her , the demons drop her .
tr	PAST	He crouched and touched her arm .
tr	PAST	I froze , unable to speak as I spotted the gold glove in his hand .
tr	PRES	The society likes it when the Regulator regulate can out think a criminal . "
tr	PAST	He squinted , trying to penetrate it with his gaze , but at the same time not quite seeing it .
tr	PAST	He cleverly divided the amount into three : three hundred for himself , and two hundred and twenty each for his two attendants .
tr	PRES	* * * Night had fallen long before , the air stifling from the late summer heat wave that had been tormenting Chicago for days .
tr	PAST	" I can see you need some time to think , " Oliver dismissed me , releasing my hand .
tr	PRES	" I suppose they do , " Sam beamed .
tr	PAST	She jolted forward and the car swerved , the tires letting out a shriek as they locked up on the salt .
tr	PAST	Sloane awoke with a start .
tr	PAST	As I chewed on my thumbnail , my gaze bounced between the two men .
tr	PRES	" The wind is increasing , " announces the captain .
tr	PAST	I once revered these glorious tombs of ancient knowledge .
tr	PRES	But the company frowns on it .
tr	PRES	I abandon the milk on the counter and race upstairs .
tr	PRES	To make matters worse , Earth 's air stank like mildew and old cabbages .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , but I move my hand to his lips and he closes them , staring at me intensely .
tr	PAST	Newton whipped out a pipe and looked out to the horizon .
tr	PRES	' Sure , ignore me , ' Ethan teased .
tr	PRES	Miguel points to the road .
tr	PAST	Jim exclaimed , " This is easy ! "
tr	PRES	" Not talking to me , eh ?
tr	PRES	" Right , " mumbled Ted , sitting up .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's voice sounds panicked now , too , but I 'm not paying attention .
tr	PAST	On instinct , Tatiana retreated .
tr	PAST	" Fuck , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	As if sensing me , the guy casually glances in my direction .
tr	PAST	A lithe arm snaked around my waist .
tr	PRES	When it had only died down slightly he raised his sword higher and bellowed , " We march ! "
tr	PRES	He clears his throat ; looks over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	I slapped him playfully on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	She sorts through a box before plucking out more enormous vials .
tr	PRES	Just forty-five paces now ... but then , I saw that it was no use .
tr	PAST	She blamed it on this stress caused by her husband 's son , David .
tr	PAST	On a legal pad he scribbled their names and the years they died .
tr	PRES	' Just swing . '
tr	PRES	Then it occurs to me that Robin was probably trying to rile my Dad , trying to get a response .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Lake holds out the marker pen .
tr	PRES	Other Inquisitors shout in alarm .
tr	PRES	Unable to calm their excited horses , they dismount so that they will be able to speak to each other .
tr	PRES	The clock 's hour hand creeps all the way up to eleven before I realize I should have headed home hours ago .
tr	PAST	He leaped to his feet and shouted that he knew it , over and over , until he finally sprawled on the sand .
tr	PAST	Cassie exhaled , realizing only then that she 'd been holding her breath .
tr	PAST	Mr. Hall eyed me over the top of the paper , then looked at the form again .
tr	PRES	" Uh , see you guys at dinner , I guess , " he mutters , before closing the door .
tr	PRES	He sighs , then moves us forward .
tr	PRES	But unlike the other student 's assessments , my teacher stops to look over my answers .
tr	PAST	I resigned from his company as the co-workers had also started to bitch about me and indirectly taunt me .
tr	PAST	Compared to the space-age catsuit he had been wearing , the man sure cleaned up nice .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PRES	Thankfully , when the rally is over , he announces dismissal .
tr	PRES	He owes me a favor . "
tr	PRES	They bury him tomorrow .
tr	PAST	When Cory was done , Banks instructed him to stand on the goalie line between the two goal posts .
tr	PRES	" Talent floats to the top .
tr	PRES	Jennifer 's mouth twitches as she battles some emotion .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall and wait for Carolina to tire of this .
tr	PRES	His head snaps in my direction and the fire in his eyes makes me recoil .
tr	PAST	She eyed his erection , her lips curving up in a wicked grin .
tr	PRES	Sean disappears over the side of the hill .
tr	PAST	Before he could wrap his arms around her and press his hardening body against her soft backside , she stiffened and pulled from him .
tr	PRES	My father and mother , and Tara and Duncan connect , but only because of their vows .
tr	PRES	Jonathan objects , but Dr. Meyers move me forward as the music begins .
tr	PRES	He owes me money !
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you the sweetest boy ? "
tr	PAST	Will leaned against the counter , the wine bottle tipped to his lips as he guzzled its contents .
tr	PRES	He roars to life and charges us down a football field worth of corridors .
tr	PRES	That bothers me . "
tr	PRES	Noelle beamed and took my shaking hand .
tr	PRES	He glares over at me as Emma and Barron both stop breathing .
tr	PRES	His silly laughter carries on the breeze even now .
tr	PAST	Light laughter tipped from Elizabeth 's mouth , the sound echoing in the stiff winter air .
tr	PRES	Natalie hates her new school , and eleven-year-old Ben struggles academically .
tr	PAST	That shape-shifter stares at her all the time .
tr	PAST	She froze as a chill went over her .
tr	PAST	She tugged her shorts down , and leaned forward , elbows on the padded surface in front of her .
tr	PAST	He scoffed , wheeling around on her .
tr	PRES	Occasional lies might work in the mayor 's marriage , but that wasn 't what he wanted with Lexie .
tr	PAST	We make our way round the pulpit , unable to keep from looking where Aaron was , his blood already washed away by the spray .
tr	PRES	" Piece of crap airplane , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled with the full force of my genie 's dangerous electricity .
tr	PRES	She stands beside me and crosses her arms .
tr	PRES	' It loves iron , but gold doesn 't interest it one little bit . '
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the way the crowd of passengers were behaving as they left the platform ? "
tr	PRES	" Absolutely amazing , " Warner sighs through the speakers , and I realize I was right .
tr	PAST	These two emailed her , showed up at her house , sent her letters in the mail and even knew about each other .
tr	PAST	The eagle , with the snake still tightly in his clutches , circled above .
tr	PRES	I mentally braced myself and then took the skull .
tr	PRES	Quickly snatching his silent music box off the ground beside his makeshift pillow , he climbs to his feet with a brief stretch .
tr	PAST	Shayna smacked her friend and shook her head .
tr	PRES	My hand crawls to find a jam pot from our stockpile .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha . "
tr	PRES	" Russ ... " Patti warned , obviously torn , and nervous about the children overhearing .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stop now Eden , " he mumbled humorously .
tr	PRES	Sweat pricks the back of my neck .
tr	PAST	Gina smacked her chewing gum hard as she stared at Jim , blowing a big bubble and popping it within inches of his face .
tr	PRES	" I certainly found that interesting , " he chuckles nervously .
tr	PRES	" You 're out of your mind , blinder boy , " Baxter snaps at me .
tr	PAST	Curses exploded from Donovan 's mouth as rage swelled out of control in his chest .
tr	PRES	' There you are , ' he beamed .
tr	PAST	We dealt with the more recent history and the various businesses .
tr	PRES	I loathe that line .
tr	PAST	He schooled his features as a thought occurred to him .
tr	PRES	She reaches over to Shelly and snatches the phone out of her hand .
tr	PRES	We provide the beat .
tr	PRES	" I have known you , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	I faltered as I remembered something Cade said , but I pushed it away , focusing on the now .
tr	PAST	I faked a yawn .
tr	PAST	Spencer selected a cracker and took a big bite .
tr	PAST	He advanced on Grace , his face ugly , and she got her first look at what this man was to the rest of the world .
tr	PAST	Isabella sensed a presence behind her .
tr	PRES	They come into the forest frequently , looking for traces , for clues , I assume .
tr	PAST	I plop my head on my pillow , feeling defeated .
tr	PRES	She slows up even more as she looks down to fight with the zipper .
tr	PAST	Muddy sediment churned up around the canopy as the screws engaged , and then the little submarine slipped out from beneath the dome .
tr	PRES	" Not every dress sells for that , each dress takes a long time to make , and I have one hell of a lot of overhead .
tr	PAST	" At that 24-hour café downtown , near the courthouse . "
tr	PRES	" Remember , your promise , Abby . "
tr	PAST	Not an appetizing prospect , she thought , then chided herself .
tr	PAST	The refined Miss Cartier engaged in some sort of secret correspondence with a delivery boy .
tr	PRES	' Oh , do put another record on , Norton .
tr	PRES	He loves the fruit trees that you see blooming here .
tr	PRES	The beast remains alone in the middle of the clearing .
tr	PRES	Ransom dropped down on his stomach and drank , cursing a world where cold water appeared to be unobtainable .
tr	PAST	" You 'll catch a connecting flight here , " he advised .
tr	PRES	Geez , get a grip , " Lizzy teased .
tr	PAST	From then on , you bounced around from foster home to foster home , going from one bad situation to the next .
tr	PAST	But the way he looked at her washed all of her worries away .
tr	PRES	Shampoo , toothbrush , razor .
tr	PAST	The boy 's fingers , creeping up her ribs , froze in shock .
tr	PAST	Another shadow shuffled slowly to the back of the airship .
tr	PAST	From his suitcase he produced a bottle .
tr	PRES	But he reaches out and grabs my arm .
tr	PRES	Back and forth , her eyes flicked -- from her eyes to his ; from her nose to his ; from her chin to his .
tr	PAST	Styx grunted but managed to stay on his feet , his sword slicing through the air to force Viper backward .
tr	PAST	He basically just groped you . "
tr	PAST	I sensed he was coming closer .
tr	PAST	I stared transfixed at the words Amna International .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PAST	Angry squirms of darkness bore in from the edge of their vision .
tr	PAST	As she wiped away the blood , tiny rays of light pierced her line of vision .
tr	PRES	When the hatch bursts open , he throws himself to the floor rolling beyond the threshold , the nearest ones with him .
tr	PRES	" Let me take you home Chey , " Mark whispered loudly .
tr	PRES	I swing and swing away with all my might .
tr	PRES	I crack my door in time to hear my mom 's rushed hiss , " Lower your voice !
tr	PRES	He grasps the instrument of will that still connects him to the Last Resort .
tr	PAST	Brent dialed again , same result .
tr	PRES	To my astonishment , Vel joins the game in dry , scholarly tones .
tr	PAST	the Adventurous exclaimed and landed next to John .
tr	PRES	I strive against the dark that others may live in the light . "
tr	PAST	Claire freed him , and then lifted Ryan to his feet .
tr	PRES	He tries to comfort me .
tr	PAST	He looked downward as he swung in mid air and feeling the extreme height , clutched the rope tighter , his knuckles already white .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms over his head and his shirt rides up , showing a sliver of his rock-hard stomach .
tr	PAST	When he smirked , I faked interest in my computer and clicked on a browser .
tr	PAST	The triangle zipped in a circle .
tr	PRES	Mutt glances over at me to see how far I am , but he needn 't bother .
tr	PAST	Your hand tugged against mine .
tr	PAST	I stuffed cotton balls in my ears until there was nothing left to hear .
tr	PRES	" You swim ? "
tr	PAST	It 's the only way Sal will let us kiss whenever we want to in the office , " he joked .
tr	PRES	The Suda describes the river as " a place of healing , not a place of punishment , cleansing and purging the sins of humans . "
tr	PAST	Her own heart matched that strong rhythm .
tr	PRES	Then it occurs to me : The least logical thing to do is stop running .
tr	PRES	She and the lab both qualify as company property . "
tr	PRES	Red , you fuck me . "
tr	PRES	It all flashes past .
tr	PAST	The mysteries of his kidneys awaited Windle 's mastery of renal control .
tr	PAST	Charlie claimed that he had to work , but I suspected that he just wanted access to a bathroom .
tr	PRES	I anxiously await your response .
tr	PRES	" More fish ? "
tr	PAST	Ashley received a letter from her father once a week .
tr	PRES	The snap of a lighter startled Ash .
tr	PAST	I experienced the frantic nurses ushering me out of the room after they heard my cries .
tr	PAST	He unleashed a shot from his gun , but the blast streaked above their heads .
tr	PRES	" Some professionals . "
tr	PAST	She twirled in front of me .
tr	PRES	These two belong together .
tr	PRES	" It lets you know you have something worth losing . "
tr	PAST	I thanked the heavens that the Hawk didn 't immediately take flight and expect us to follow him by air .
tr	PRES	Beside me , Birgit glances at her watch .
tr	PAST	I shuffled inside , anxious to avoid a scene .
tr	PRES	Color fills her cheeks , and I think it again : that Johanna Reyes might still be beautiful .
tr	PRES	" Will - " " Say it .
tr	PRES	The world enters its adolescence , the land stitching itself together into a recognisable whole , though not without its pains and eruptions .
tr	PRES	I relax a little more .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her when the bell rang to save her from having to answer .
tr	PRES	I see Coral ; fierce and beautiful , she passes in and out of view as the crowd surges and shifts around her .
tr	PRES	My name 's Claire , I 'm booked in with my niece in a few days -- " " Claire , hello .
tr	PAST	" It 's wonderful to see you , Mrs. Reynolds , " Savannah lied .
tr	PRES	" Reina del Rey Yacht Club . "
tr	PRES	The soldiers were silent and grim , all tensely checking the perimeter for dangers .
tr	PAST	I screamed directly into its ear , causing it to stumble backwards , its hands clasped to the temporary throbbing damage I had done .
tr	PRES	" And if I 'm not interested in a long life expectancy ? "
tr	PRES	We do it every day , " comments Bob Cutter of Inter Continental .
tr	PAST	And Leonardo , the best of men , nevertheless invented weapons of destruction as easily as he produced sublime paintings .
tr	PAST	" You have done well , Tarik .
tr	PRES	" If you question nothing , nothing changes .
tr	PAST	They cheered and urged the horses onward , but Basha looked behind him and saw a dot starting to appear behind them .
tr	PAST	Peace stole into his heart and mind .
tr	PRES	I lean back in my chair , trying not to feel ignorant .
tr	PRES	Plus , the male sniffs the female 's pee to see if she 's ready to have a kid .
tr	PRES	And then he talks to me . "
tr	PRES	It pays the bills .
tr	PAST	Horse sweat , human sweat , dung , smoke , and perfume mingled with the scent of orange blossoms and the cool sharp air of September .
tr	PRES	The bow holds it strong , not bending to the pressure .
tr	PRES	She , along with many students , considers Benjamin and Chantilly the golden couple -- the dream to aspire to .
tr	PRES	Every inch of you belongs to me .
tr	PRES	He points to a lump on the dashboard , which I only then realize is Dust , in his lizard form .
tr	PRES	That always helps the politics : " And the Summoning Dark ?
tr	PAST	It rumbled to life .
tr	PAST	I slapped a hand over my eyes .
tr	PAST	He replaced his hand with his mouth .
tr	PRES	" That and a few other things and you much teach me .
tr	PAST	Janie shuffled sideways into a narrow passage .
tr	PRES	Half a dozen filters for day and night photo work .
tr	PRES	" Then help him like you 're helping these people , " I begged .
tr	PRES	Secondly , she only wishes to be the future Mrs. Mason .
tr	PRES	" So , how does Julia James cheat at solitaire ? "
tr	PRES	We thus provide this handy short guide to some of the more common terms , which will be explored in more depth in later chapters as warranted .
tr	PRES	" To bury a son .
tr	PRES	" It ranges on its size .
tr	PAST	Noah 's fist plunged down again .
tr	PRES	St. Clair bursts into the lobby with the flourish of a magician .
tr	PRES	The rest of the crowd remains , camped in purgatory .
tr	PAST	He claimed Ty 's lips for a torrid kiss that prevented Ty from laughing .
tr	PAST	The tingling in my blood submitted to my beckoning , urging the flesh to separate and release the wings beneath .
tr	PRES	Breathing deeply , Annabelle jerked upright .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth clutched Ann 's hand tighter .
tr	PRES	The moment stretches between us , unbearably tense .
tr	PRES	She likes your dress . "
tr	PAST	She brightened a little .
tr	PRES	" Does it buy me any bonus points to note that you have a really nice-looking ass ? "
tr	PAST	Reece 's animated account of the day 's events delighted the Empress .
tr	PAST	And she hardly dared to believe it .
tr	PAST	The morning sped by and soon it was almost twelve and time to pick up Casey .
tr	PAST	And probably far more to your liking than the human blood you feared was mixed with the wine . "
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled from above and echoed throughout the valley .
tr	PAST	The tremors in my arms ceased .
tr	PRES	In your world they linger still .
tr	PRES	" You don 't get to know about my personal life , " I snap at him .
tr	PRES	I crouch down right by my door , shielded by the side of the truck so he doesn 't have to watch me pee .
tr	PAST	A gentle tug urged him onward .
tr	PRES	" Anytime , lass . "
tr	PRES	Can you swim ? "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	" And since you seemed surprised to learn that I do wear a nightshirt , I assume you don 't wear anything to bed . "
tr	PRES	He throws me a look that says he can 't tell if I 'm being sarcastic or not .
tr	PAST	Everything about it , the woodwork , the frame of the theater itself , I willed to take shape around me .
tr	PAST	He negotiated a short hall and entered that empty space .
tr	PAST	Gabe flicked a switch , and the roar of the table saw eased to a dull muffle and then silence .
tr	PAST	Kicking her sides , he sped northward out of Gabriel 's vision .
tr	PAST	He caressed my head , keeping it firmly tucked under his chin .
tr	PAST	She sensed the man 's presence behind her a split second before an arm in a heavy wool sweater wrapped around her throat .
tr	PRES	Then Matthew and Cara pore over a map , examining different routes to get through the compound to the Weapons Lab .
tr	PRES	What if that Josie banshee sees me ?
tr	PAST	Blake 's hand inched up her thigh , past her hip , and lay on her now flat tummy .
tr	PAST	He reflected on his life , now , and how he spent every week with the band .
tr	PRES	" Please stop , " she begged .
tr	PRES	The door squeaks open .
tr	PRES	" Oh yeah , ignoring me are you , motherfucker ? "
tr	PRES	" But no more lies .
tr	PAST	Matching curtains and bedspread featured Australian flora and fauna .
tr	PAST	Not gods , for they worship their own eternal stone gods in their dark nests .
tr	PRES	She tries to pull me forward but I pull her hand back .
tr	PAST	Samantha eyed Naomi suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Lainie screwed up her nose at the hairstyle and commented on my likeness to a rat as I slid my feet into my flats .
tr	PAST	" Oh my God , Jared Holt , don 't you even think about it .
tr	PAST	Mallory squealed , leaping to the door when he came in .
tr	PRES	Dakota pushes through the bead curtain a few moments later .
tr	PAST	Sitting upright , I squinted blindly out over the tops of the surrounding roofs -- a gust of hot air sloppily arranged my uncovered hair .
tr	PRES	" Oh , man , I can 't believe you went without me , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mumbled and dropped his arm .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , straightening up so quickly that I nearly spilled my coffee .
tr	PAST	Bastian slapped Colton 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	His lips hovered over hers and his warm breath tickled her skin .
tr	PAST	Donovan 's steely gray gaze pierced her quickly and she turned away .
tr	PAST	The Honda 's bucket seats prevented her from snuggling .
tr	PRES	" Well , share a couple of things , " I urge him .
tr	PAST	The clock chimed three .
tr	PRES	Can you sing for me ? "
tr	PRES	He softens his voice .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head around and blasted the music even more , thinking the music could drown my thoughts .
tr	PAST	Chunks of bloody meat slapped the ground in front of her nose .
tr	PRES	She mumbled a few words .
tr	PAST	He finally proposed over Christmas dinner .
tr	PAST	Hunter stowed his things in the tail section of his jet then shook Charlie 's hand .
tr	PRES	Silence fills the room .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes to keep his private life ... private . "
tr	PRES	" Good morning Fernando ; starting a volcano ? "
tr	PRES	" Of course they exist . "
tr	PRES	" What causes fights and quarrels among you ? "
tr	PRES	That dumbass Mike Bell is accomplishing nothing . "
tr	PAST	The cry pierced his thoughts .
tr	PRES	Gabe tries to laugh it off , but he 's quiet for a long while afterward .
tr	PAST	His cuff links bore the family crest .
tr	PAST	She awoke before he did and got up and made coffee .
tr	PRES	" Just some lists . "
tr	PRES	Kara lets out a cry and clasps her tiny hands over my waist , her face buried deep in my chest .
tr	PRES	William , reached out , absently spinning the mug where it sat .
tr	PRES	So what brings you all this way in spite of the wars ? '
tr	PRES	She stares at her ring finger .
tr	PAST	" Go to the last entry , Alex , then we 're turning this off and watching a movie , " Rick instructed .
tr	PAST	They unbuttoned their jackets at the same time as they settled into chairs in the power corner of Clay 's office .
tr	PRES	Yellow lanterns shone in the distance , as if everyone in the towns was awake and singing merrily .
tr	PRES	He points up at the tops of long line of rocks .
tr	PRES	" A spider ? "
tr	PRES	Which remains pretty unlikely .
tr	PAST	He unzipped the garment bag , and found a white dress shirt , a pair of grey trousers , black shoes , and socks .
tr	PRES	" But better than begging . "
tr	PAST	This morning I received another one , but this time the writer mentions that he knows what your killer 's next move is . "
tr	PAST	" This has never lied before . "
tr	PAST	He stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	I lied , and my mother smiled .
tr	PRES	Their prescient sees many things .
tr	PAST	Two guys chattered about kiteboarding in Puerto Rico .
tr	PRES	Troubled times await us all .
tr	PRES	" Any return bales ? "
tr	PRES	Kent pushes the girl up the staircase .
tr	PAST	I made my way across a fog shrouded Red Square , a light wind cutting through to my flesh not covered by layers .
tr	PAST	The chief thanked him and called the Marion County Sheriff 's Department .
tr	PRES	Her eyes changed , the blue fading .
tr	PRES	But it still stung and riled her that he 'd stayed out all night .
tr	PAST	He awoke with someone beside him , sleeping as well .
tr	PRES	He glances over at Lisa and Dresden who are looking on with blank expressions .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the corner of his lips right before his mouth covered hers .
tr	PAST	The fragrances of roasting meat and baked bread mingled with the stench .
tr	PAST	He also only triggered the blast after fully evacuating the building .
tr	PRES	" Thus a new experiment begins . "
tr	PRES	He draws in a resigned breath and I know he 'll concede to my wishes .
tr	PAST	She slowed the speed of the car .
tr	PRES	" Baxter likes him , too . "
tr	PRES	Normal people also occasionally engage in conversation .
tr	PRES	Don rises , reaches inside his jacket pocket , and removes a checkbook .
tr	PAST	Aphrodite eyed the massive wall that loomed in front of us .
tr	PRES	She stares at her painted toenails .
tr	PAST	You comprehend that your asylum ends once you pass without the castle walls . "
tr	PRES	He stops rocking the cage .
tr	PRES	All belong only to us .
tr	PRES	" But what about the beggars ?
tr	PRES	I slowly tip my chin up and meet the eyes of a tall stranger .
tr	PAST	" Tell me what you like , Cassie , " he rasped , teasing her nipple with the tip of his tongue .
tr	PRES	He paused , the smile fading from his mouth .
tr	PAST	In the fantastical stories Karou told in her sketchbooks , Brimstone dealt in wishes .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled and went upstairs .
tr	PRES	" I get hardly any interest there , " sniffs Table .
tr	PRES	My smile returns and my nerves sing with exhilaration .
tr	PAST	Somehow Jacqueline doubted it .
tr	PRES	" Once again , unlikely . "
tr	PAST	" I want my sword back , " she announced to them , pulling her second sword from its sheath .
tr	PAST	Behind her , Ivy crumpled to the floor , still managing to support Primrose but suffering from shock or loss of blood , or both .
tr	PRES	And then she tries another spell , and another .
tr	PRES	He finally mumbled a low " Good morning . "
tr	PAST	A weathered gray deck fanned out all around it , decorated with picnic tables and surrounded by fencing draped in fishing nets and strung with Christmas lights .
tr	PAST	She instructed Tasha to squeeze her hand over the ingredients as she had done .
tr	PRES	She never remains there for more than a few minutes .
tr	PAST	She gritted , " Someone 's been in the house .
tr	PAST	Tentacles of it tugged at her heart , her limbs .
tr	PRES	He slides down more , raining kisses over my belly and hips and thighs before settling that sinful mouth just above the line of my underwear .
tr	PRES	" Nat remembers hers . "
tr	PAST	Arms circled me from behind and pulled me back .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Goodman , if you would take notes ... " " Oh please , call me Bruce ! "
tr	PRES	Which brings me to my next point : We only get one shot at this .
tr	PRES	William crawls onto the bed , on all fours , his white gut sagging to the sheets .
tr	PAST	" You stopped , " she accused , squirming on top of him .
tr	PAST	I dismissed Carlos , rather rudely I 'm afraid , and turned to Spinelli .
tr	PRES	" As you wish , Princess . "
tr	PRES	" You 're sick , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	He crawls from the dumb bar , smiling .
tr	PAST	Abe touches the back of his hand to his mouth , checking the blood there .
tr	PRES	" Rift healed . "
tr	PRES	Black , red , green , purple .
tr	PRES	She likes her guys a little higher on the delinquent scale .
tr	PAST	Lisa knelt at a distance , her hands clasped in prayer in front of her face .
tr	PRES	Water chokes my lungs and smothers my sight .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed " But what was she doing up here . "
tr	PRES	It bears significance on what he 's discovered . "
tr	PRES	" No Zane ? "
tr	PAST	Linda eyed Josie 's sweat pants , and the muscle shirt from Gold 's Gym that Josie had pulled over her sports bra .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Basil E. inquired .
tr	PRES	" He likes you .
tr	PAST	When he 'd taken his fill , Zeke retracted from her neck only to panic .
tr	PRES	' Occult stuff ' , says the witch who visits her dead grandmother every full moon , " she teased .
tr	PRES	And he likes his beer .
tr	PRES	" So if she 's Allie the Outcast , who are you ? "
tr	PRES	" If manners dictate that what you did requires an apology , then I forgive you . "
tr	PAST	Polly clutched Madeline 's arm .
tr	PRES	I slap my towel down onto the bar and holler , " back in five , Storm . "
tr	PAST	The soft as a feather motion wrung a low , ragged moan out of me .
tr	PAST	" Steve -- " She stopped , almost cringing at the necessity of calling him by that name .
tr	PRES	Sara , who I think is maybe little bit in love with my best friend , scoots her chair closer to him .
tr	PAST	Though most tried to blend in and live alongside the regular humans , some pretended to be gods and ruled whole planets .
tr	PRES	" We 're retired , so every day is much like the last , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Thomas quickly withdrew his mind and glanced to the side to find Inez there , smiling at him brightly .
tr	PAST	She slapped at his arms as they hovered around his wife 's shoulders .
tr	PAST	She stares at Robin curiously .
tr	PAST	They all volunteered to go first .
tr	PRES	" You okay , bud ?
tr	PRES	They buzz about the lab with some unknown purpose fueling them .
tr	PRES	" A slave ? "
tr	PRES	" Did Henry tel you that Western Kentucky and Auburn sent him letters about playing for them next year ? "
tr	PRES	" She 's my girlfriend , " Brandon mumbled , and I noticed the guy 's surprised look .
tr	PRES	She snorted , all signs of sadness vanishing as quickly as they had come .
tr	PRES	Guards outside on Chestnut ?
tr	PAST	Following her finger , Hansel sought the reason for her exclamation .
tr	PRES	The fucker steals everything , so his name might as well be Jack . "
tr	PAST	" It only blooms at night , " Chase uttered and smile .
tr	PRES	Which brings me to another subject , Ms. Gray . "
tr	PAST	His chest rumbled next to her back , making her smile .
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath , I brace myself and walk over toward the group .
tr	PAST	Nicolas sought the skies silently .
tr	PRES	" Same bed , " I echo .
tr	PRES	Are you cured ? "
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto my stool .
tr	PRES	She looked down at her hands twisted in her lap , her nails short and painted with a pretty orange .
tr	PAST	Misty stifled a shriek and pressed her hand to her chest .
tr	PRES	And okay , so he wears an odd crew cut . "
tr	PAST	Stress carved out the lines of his face and bracketed his mouth .
tr	PRES	I teach college age kids .
tr	PAST	Caleb 's sister propped her chin in one hand , looking dejected .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hand over Ellen Rose mouth .
tr	PAST	Then , just as Zoe said , he crawled away to die .
tr	PRES	She wrapped her arms around his legs , her head resting on his feet , her tears slipping between his toes .
tr	PAST	She slapped down her cards on the table .
tr	PAST	As my senses failed me , I circled around the mouth of the cave , searching for the voyeur .
tr	PAST	His small form revealed his identity .
tr	PRES	" I assume you refer to my sin of pride , which always made you worry so for my soul . "
tr	PAST	" The printout disclosed that the baby carries a gene for colorblindness , a rare form of colorblindness .
tr	PRES	Andrew opens the music box and I finally drift , dreaming that we are already in New York , at a piano bar .
tr	PAST	Jimmy marveled at her cold , ruthless efficiency .
tr	PRES	A couple knowing chuckles filled the air in agreement .
tr	PRES	The icy breeze pinches my cheeks .
tr	PAST	Maeve groped her way past the throng , down to the number two level .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed about black holes . "
tr	PAST	" Todd Blakely , " he announced while extending his hand to her father .
tr	PRES	Everyone sees it but no one would dare say anything to him .
tr	PAST	I creep forward , making enough noise to frighten the animals , but not enough to scare them away .
tr	PRES	" Someone 's at the door , " Elizabeth whispers .
tr	PRES	She slams the door and then slips off her boots beside the door and winds around the table , heading across the kitchen toward me .
tr	PRES	Such a hypocrite . "
tr	PRES	She throws her hands in the air .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted restlessly as he withdrew and thrust deeply again .
tr	PRES	" Witness statement describes our dead homeless guy as ' ice cold . '
tr	PAST	She slapped them on the desk .
tr	PAST	The last two , which were the closest to her position , brandished handfuls of shuriken .
tr	PRES	Francesca holds out her hand .
tr	PRES	I lean down and grab Nurse Kell 's key card from her hip , and then , still carrying the tray , I rush from the room .
tr	PAST	She flicked a quick glance at Ryder , but he pretended to ignore it .
tr	PRES	" What journey and who do I fear ? "
tr	PAST	Mud squished between my bare toes as I ran to her , enveloping her in my arms .
tr	PRES	He 's never been off world before , March explains .
tr	PAST	" At one end - sleep or the sleep of death ; and at the other end - waking . "
tr	PAST	After a moment of fiddling with the device , the kid extended the pad back to Jeff .
tr	PAST	" I have a few things to discuss with you , " Franz stated .
tr	PAST	Liam 's device beeped .
tr	PAST	" On some level , she sensed I was floundering ? "
tr	PAST	Hanna pretended not to notice as he turned and looked , rocking her h * ps back and forth and praying that her butt looked amazing .
tr	PRES	" To Nemo , Sire . "
tr	PAST	Blackie ambled to the white rail fence near the truck and watched me with ears pricked in friendly interest .
tr	PAST	The technician produced a rolling stool and positioned Rachel in front of a flat-screen monitor .
tr	PAST	Moments later , Spencer 's cell phone buzzed .
tr	PRES	When it sees a characteristic that might be useful , it attempts to duplicate it .
tr	PAST	Hadley 's eyes roamed the restaurant , and when she found Devon , she bit her lip and nodded her head to the side .
tr	PRES	Master Wong holds his hands high .
tr	PAST	" I may have just crawled out of a cave , but even I know that 's stupid . "
tr	PAST	His brain buzzed with an urgency that kept his toe tapping , his hands wringing to weave around someone 's neck .
tr	PAST	I cringed , waiting for the acid to hit , but the spider just kept moving .
tr	PAST	It proved woefully inadequate to the task .
tr	PRES	" Is Ms. Maddox a patient or relative of Dr. Southerland ? "
tr	PRES	She stops in front of me , effectively ending my moment of bridal bonding with Sally .
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto my bed and used my mind to close the door .
tr	PRES	" Which god ? "
tr	PAST	Prudence advised caution , but he decided to not disappoint them .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head toward the wealthy crowd .
tr	PAST	She very much desired to be one with him .
tr	PRES	It just freaked me out .
tr	PRES	" Whatever , Seraphina , " I mumbled weakly , my voice shaking from fear of her .
tr	PAST	I crouched down in front of her .
tr	PAST	Anna giggled and her cheeks flushed again .
tr	PRES	A wide ladder with rubber treads on the steps allows for a swift , easy descent into the bowels of the city .
tr	PAST	I silently thanked whoever was responsible for that .
tr	PAST	A ghastly shade of white replaced his golden complexion .
tr	PRES	" I assume that 's why you 're needed . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , and looked the dwarf in the eye .
tr	PAST	Lacroix stormed out of the passage beyond and marched up to the Austrian officer .
tr	PAST	When one family grew tired of the flat horizon they installed mountains in the distance .
tr	PRES	She pushes up off her propped arm and lays that hand on my chest , her elbow digging into my belly as she looks at me .
tr	PAST	Clay circled the flyer , and stood next to Jasmine 's door .
tr	PRES	The most votes ? "
tr	PAST	" Sure , " she mumbled , making her way toward me .
tr	PAST	His Holiness regarded her without expression .
tr	PAST	Hanna 's insides churned .
tr	PRES	He stands all of a sudden and holds out his hands .
tr	PRES	A hundred stumbling footfalls .
tr	PAST	A suppressed chortle vibrated behind her ribs like some kind of wind-up toy .
tr	PAST	" No more , " I rasped .
tr	PRES	He opens it and shines the light down into the small , narrow space .
tr	PRES	His words slice through my optimism .
tr	PAST	Erin sought Jordan 's eyes , clearly asking permission .
tr	PRES	" A witch . "
tr	PAST	Winter tipped her head .
tr	PRES	" Please wipe your feet . "
tr	PRES	" The only way to prove these pictures authentic for myself would be to have the device .
tr	PAST	When she finally lay down in front of the door , he transferred his attention to Celeste .
tr	PRES	" Which brings me to the twenty thousand euro question . "
tr	PAST	That thought finally shattered the terrified fog in his head , which had held him immobile .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply before I dared open my eyes ... I was surrounded by a white nothingness .
tr	PAST	He rotated his wrist quickly and let the light go around in wide circles around him .
tr	PRES	The majority of Christians worship Jesus as the incarnation of God the Son , and the Second Person of the Holy Trinity .
tr	PRES	" She screwed up . "
tr	PRES	" Nothing to worry yourself about , dragon . "
tr	PAST	Redding cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	Jacob suddenly inhaled , a terrible gagging sound , labored and harsh .
tr	PAST	Hundreds of legs supported the long , segmented body .
tr	PRES	" No , I Boots ! "
tr	PRES	Lance flashes Raiden and angry look .
tr	PAST	She threaded her fingers through the short strands , tugging lightly .
tr	PRES	Nate mentions how much he likes the way I cook steak .
tr	PAST	The jester curved her apprehension enough to force a smile across her face .
tr	PRES	Mom reaches one pale hand out and touches Uncle Nate 's thick wrist .
tr	PAST	Then she piled sweaters and other folded things from the shelf on top of herself , covering even her head .
tr	PAST	" Fischer and his team are in trouble behind that wall , " he announced on the battalion wide circuit for the benefit of Fischer 's team .
tr	PAST	" Um , yeah , " Violet lied .
tr	PRES	" I wouldn 't worry , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm spending too much time on this , Rick .
tr	PRES	" Not yet , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	They poisoning our trees , earth , water and air .
tr	PAST	For a moment , Lew just regarded him quietly , and then squeezed David 's shoulder again .
tr	PAST	The last time the reader converted an archive , it created a spectacular holo display of dancing lights .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PAST	" I can drive myself , " I rasped .
tr	PAST	The mirror was gone , replaced again by the infinite reaches of the tower 's maw .
tr	PAST	Still in work clothes he had food on his T-shirt , one hand resting down his pants the other clutching an empty wine bottle .
tr	PRES	Asa glances at Realm , obviously having the same concerns .
tr	PRES	Knowledge , like nature , tests the pursuer with all hardships and trouble so that only those arrive to it , who are the best .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , no doubt to comment on my rosy face , when a gasp makes us both jump .
tr	PAST	Just below them a small lake ruffled its waters into lively sparkles .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap up at him .
tr	PRES	He whipped around , his elation draining .
tr	PAST	The lock engaged and bolted .
tr	PRES	My hand cups her cheek .
tr	PRES	He blocks our path .
tr	PAST	Katherine slapped his knee .
tr	PRES	She pads in front of me to a heavy set of double doors , using a hip to bump them open .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " Wilder breathes , pulling away .
tr	PRES	Timothy stands up and yells over to the fishermen , " We got him !
tr	PAST	The Spell Wizard shrieked and roared , shooting fireballs in a fit of rage .
tr	PRES	Then I chuckle when she sticks out her tongue and I have to bite on my own because the movement draws all my attention to her mouth .
tr	PAST	Her mom meandered around the cabin .
tr	PRES	Her fin jerked every which way and her hands clawed at the water in an attempt to pull her in the right direction .
tr	PRES	A plane touches down on the military landing strip above the Utah laboratory .
tr	PRES	Only death lies that way .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head , imitating him .
tr	PRES	But he remains silent .
tr	PRES	Upon His creation of a spirit , life begins .
tr	PAST	" Is my hair all squished . "
tr	PRES	Of course , as expected , Gianna freaked out .
tr	PAST	Wyatt uttered a few musical words , and the webs binding Nate and Pigeon fell away .
tr	PRES	Mom lets me land the plane and then we drive home .
tr	PAST	Here and there stars pierced the darkness .
tr	PRES	" Then it might mean that you 're the last Grim Angel standing , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	If Max found out about Julian 's secret identity , I doubted magic could save him a third time .
tr	PRES	My tears flow ; my mind is overshadowed by a cloud of disappointment .
tr	PRES	" Of course , silly . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you to California ? "
tr	PRES	" Everyone loves Quinn .
tr	PRES	Shortly after , he hanged himself . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles , but then a flash of sorrow passes between them .
tr	PAST	It proved to her that he meant what he had said .
tr	PAST	The conscience dancers swirled in sync with each other despite their separate cages as the masked man in the middle sent out beats to move them .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a finger in Milo 's direction .
tr	PAST	He sensed something was wrong , and she wasted precious time evading his questions .
tr	PAST	He zipped the bag up and sat on the couch .
tr	PRES	Her dark brows knit .
tr	PAST	Maddie giggled , covering her mouth to stifle the sound .
tr	PRES	Garrett spun around , his back to the basement staircase as his eyes hardened .
tr	PAST	The cream painted walls were adorned with tasteful , bright watercolours .
tr	PRES	Mom sighs , and digs her fingers into the hair at her temples , messing up her smooth ponytail .
tr	PAST	She twirled his hair around her smal fingers and asked , " Wil I grow up and argue with someone I love one day , Daddy ? "
tr	PRES	Fox stands up immediately while Rian stands up too .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat and explains more about how the shuttle works .
tr	PRES	I apologise for deviating from your grandfather 's birthday .
tr	PAST	My eyes casually roamed the cave .
tr	PRES	And with what I discovered last night , it all fits . "
tr	PAST	Her fingers massaged his scalp .
tr	PRES	Interior hallways connected everything , and the same room where they held assemblies doubled as an indoor cafeteria .
tr	PAST	A few moments later he grunted .
tr	PAST	The red-faced angry woman unceremoniously dumped a bowl of porridge on the table in front of Becky .
tr	PRES	As soon as I make dinner , I 'm going down to La Push . "
tr	PAST	These delayed the sequels , particularly the third book , to the extent that it drove my readers crazy between 2010 and 2012 .
tr	PRES	He stares at her .
tr	PRES	Zack opens the door quietly and peers around it .
tr	PRES	' But it healed in a couple of weeks or so ?
tr	PAST	They persisted in their search for clues , although when the break finally came , it happened almost by accident .
tr	PRES	" Through here , then turn right , " Mai announces with an upbeat tone .
tr	PAST	She slapped my backside .
tr	PAST	Her gasps and moans only fanned the fire he 'd already lit .
tr	PRES	Her hand flicks out and then Harlin moans , leaning forward to rest his forehead on the pavement , his body still shaking .
tr	PAST	So after an hour or so of skating I plopped down next to him .
tr	PRES	Mind you , I approve of your tastes . "
tr	PRES	He glares at me and rubs his face .
tr	PRES	The less it sees the better . '
tr	PRES	A menacing echo forged into his thoughts .
tr	PRES	" If you agree to muck the stalls all day . "
tr	PRES	The City Circle runs over , spills people down the side streets .
tr	PAST	Instantly , the smell of tomato soup and garlic assaulted my senses .
tr	PRES	Paul of Tarsus begins his second mission ( approximate date ) .
tr	PAST	As he rode toward the craftsmen 's courtyard , he created a skintight Opal shield around himself .
tr	PAST	' No , I resigned . '
tr	PAST	Then a wounded Haskell , bloody and enraged , piled on top of Carver .
tr	PAST	She stares at me when we pulled away , smiling before placing her lips over mine .
tr	PRES	Asher points at the phone number down at the bottom of the screen .
tr	PAST	The U.S. intelligence community simply referred to it as the Russian Los Alamos .
tr	PAST	I grunted and slowed marginally .
tr	PAST	From what she 'd seen , she doubted it , but Lisa had been married to Holt for over thirty years .
tr	PRES	" Despite my efforts to find him , the man who 's behind Starlin remains one of the biggest secrets in our world .
tr	PAST	She eyed me coldly .
tr	PAST	Lifting one of the many glove boxes , the Frenchwoman revealed a lever .
tr	PRES	My head snaps back and my eyes start to water but I don 't make a sound .
tr	PAST	As Benny had stated , it bore only minor signs of damage .
tr	PRES	Doctor Owerri , please proceed . "
tr	PAST	They pretended it was an accidental release , caused by missing air filters .
tr	PAST	I grunted with frustration and fear , but she lashed out again .
tr	PRES	" No , wait , please ... I need to know who he is , " I begged .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't run away , " she lied .
tr	PRES	He flicks the cloth out of the way irritably before coming toward us and sitting beside me at the table in the Gathering Place .
tr	PAST	I reread the posting three times , gave myself ten minutes to rethink this action , and then uploaded it .
tr	PRES	" This is what 's actually happening , " the lab tech explains .
tr	PRES	" Religious books ... ha . "
tr	PRES	She frowns at the last thing I say . '
tr	PAST	It exploded , creating a blinding flash of light , followed by a thud .
tr	PRES	" No , but extra points for that . "
tr	PRES	Suddenly , she glances back and up , catching me at the window .
tr	PAST	I surmised that it was perhaps the mystery of their disappearance that caused concern and not the departure of the devices themselves .
tr	PAST	Romulus grunted in agreement .
tr	PRES	" You 'd better wrap it up , Fitch .
tr	PRES	The spelled beads sink into the shadow flesh slightly , pale lightning shimmering beneath my hand .
tr	PAST	" He described a connection - what you called a silver cord .
tr	PRES	We simply exist , entombed in this ancient fortress .
tr	PAST	He awoke with his cheek freezing on the cement .
tr	PRES	" Um ... " I hesitate , trying not to roll my eyes too hard .
tr	PRES	She likes a guy to take charge . "
tr	PRES	" How long until he enters the Tau Event . "
tr	PRES	" Unusual , " Jen whispers .
tr	PRES	Not a mummified replica of a human like the rest of us souls here , whether pink or gray .
tr	PRES	' ' OK . "
tr	PAST	Salt exploded in a cloud that would have filled the Tyrannosaurus 's mouth if it had been open , and possibly the girl 's as well .
tr	PRES	I smack hard into a tree and cry out with shock and pain , mostly from my broken arm .
tr	PRES	He points a finger at me with his eyes narrowed .
tr	PRES	Who suffers in all this ? "
tr	PRES	His anger holds for a few more seconds .
tr	PRES	Vaguely aware that my rescuing angels are speaking of my injuries , I strain to hear them .
tr	PAST	Ben protected Ariana , and not once used his abilities to harm her .
tr	PRES	" And what of the duchess ?
tr	PRES	A girl joins the boy on stage .
tr	PRES	The ghost offers , grinning at the confused face before him .
tr	PRES	She stretches on her toes to get the house key and unlocks the door .
tr	PRES	He helps her to the front door and waits patiently while she fishes in her handbag for the keys .
tr	PRES	He sweats from the hot air then lays the jacket over her .
tr	PAST	You have to see the absurdity in this , " Stefan marveled .
tr	PAST	She giggled as she sat her books down on the desk and then pulled out her pajamas .
tr	PRES	That also applies to Vel , who 's taken a position directly behind me next to March .
tr	PAST	Impatient though they were to get on , they slowed their pace , looking in shop windows , even pausing at a wine booth .
tr	PAST	With a flick of the wrist , the fire leaped toward them .
tr	PRES	Jolie reaches out for Pat 's mobile .
tr	PAST	she accused , catching the scent of toothpaste on his breath .
tr	PRES	he said , his voice suddenly passionate .
tr	PAST	The fissures and cracks had deepened , and that darkness had crept in , taking advantage at every turn .
tr	PAST	With a yelp , the three dogs stiffened immediately , resuming their guard .
tr	PRES	" Have you figured it out yet , Rach ? "
tr	PAST	Stunned , she clasped it to her chest .
tr	PAST	I froze when he spoke again .
tr	PRES	They mutter curses , and I jump back and clap my hands over my ears , the sound drilling into my head .
tr	PRES	He lies back down .
tr	PAST	As soon as that was done , Shinichi and Zuko ceased their bickering immediately .
tr	PAST	One of the large manned lions smashed in the ground where I had left Kaya sitting .
tr	PRES	" Because he 's right , you belong with them .
tr	PAST	And Logan here generously gifted it to you at his own expense . "
tr	PRES	" Please don 't let me go , " she begged .
tr	PAST	I lingered over the near right angle at the corner of his strong jaw .
tr	PRES	" Look , your mom already hates me so let 's make sure Dad does and then Merry Christmas ! "
tr	PAST	It reassured me that I could feel his hands shake as he held me .
tr	PAST	She squinted up at him .
tr	PAST	She fanned herself with the limp silk .
tr	PRES	The image houses a force field that must be deactivated by your touch . "
tr	PAST	Jamie pretended to think for a moment .
tr	PRES	No one wears ruffly pink either ! "
tr	PRES	" So ... that would be a no , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" Not to mention perceptive . "
tr	PRES	Miriam stops , grasping my arm , turning me to face her .
tr	PAST	He grunted and squirmed trying to get out of the awkward position .
tr	PAST	Detailed information scrolled by , as a labelled diagram of the engine rotated on the screen .
tr	PRES	" Devastated Father finally reaches out to long lost son . "
tr	PRES	We worship you , and that makes you our god . "
tr	PRES	" I sell my artwork at Jackson Square and I have a booth space next to Selena .
tr	PRES	Immediately below to the left of the willow avenue lies a boat .
tr	PRES	" You cannot stop me , " hisses Victoria .
tr	PRES	" Whatever helps you sleep at night , big guy . "
tr	PRES	Between his trembling legs lies an unconscious woman .
tr	PRES	For the love of the Gods Above , Hal !
tr	PAST	Her voice wavered , and Garrett figured it was damned near time to give up hope .
tr	PAST	McKie topped the low rise , stopped .
tr	PAST	We can take her home , " he announced with a smile .
tr	PAST	The Vietnamese war between the North and South produced no real winner other than the North becoming united under some form of communist government .
tr	PRES	Max snaps his fingers .
tr	PRES	" More lessons ? "
tr	PRES	She flips the page over to the blank side and pushes it toward me .
tr	PAST	Both of them eyed Tory before moving toward the door .
tr	PRES	Brie stands at the same time and smiles at me .
tr	PRES	" Yes ' r .
tr	PRES	" You smell good , Ash , " he whispers in my ear before sucking on my lobe and resting his hand on my inner thigh .
tr	PAST	The way he described what was happening for him seemed a bit more like a flashback at times .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , the nausea subsided and she decided to get out of bed .
tr	PRES	' It protects the true bearer in uncertain odds .
tr	PRES	He flips through the keys and stops at a large gold one .
tr	PRES	" Your mother lost an eight-year-old girl last night , " Sheriff Gabe explains , watching his wife take a generous sip of her wine .
tr	PAST	" That would be so cool , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Pen stands on the tips of her toes and kisses me .
tr	PRES	I tip her chin up .
tr	PRES	She glares at me .
tr	PRES	" It stands to reason that this guy might know something about the bones at the site . "
tr	PRES	The cavern lies above .
tr	PAST	Charlie tugged on my arm .
tr	PRES	It whispers quickly , words I can 't follow .
tr	PAST	Charlie groaned as the last of her stomach 's contents left her body , then collapsed backward away from the mess to lie on the ground miserably .
tr	PAST	Her arms circled his waist and held on tight .
tr	PAST	His high-school graduation picture revealed the face of a young man eager to explore the world .
tr	PAST	On the way back out , Carmine 's footsteps faltered when his eyes fell upon the crinkled paper taped to the glass near the exit .
tr	PAST	The car leaped forward .
tr	PRES	And he totally ruined that tender moment .
tr	PAST	When she was twelve she accused her father , a Maryland cop , of raping her .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and very gently lays his hand on the side of my head .
tr	PRES	Doves and angels and choirs singing .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and obeyed , slightly surprised that Mr. Horne had agreed to see me at all .
tr	PAST	Until it taxied to the runway .
tr	PAST	They exited the tent , like a group of astronauts stepping out onto an alien landscape .
tr	PRES	Fifteen gang members surround Gary and four other students .
tr	PRES	He shields his knife up and our blades clink together .
tr	PAST	He claimed your old friendship went too deep . "
tr	PAST	Simon supposed Raphael could have tried to hide it , could have lied to the Nephilim , but he had confessed and taken the consequences .
tr	PAST	She eyed me but didn 't say anymore .
tr	PAST	So they treated them like royalty and just took part in the benefits from the party .
tr	PAST	Evie yawned again and got up herself .
tr	PRES	He holds her gaze , and she says something in their language .
tr	PRES	He hates wearing ties and suits .
tr	PRES	In most circumstances their position remains constant , but their properties can be affected . '
tr	PAST	Feeling too exposed , Eve retreated both mentally and physically , stepping out of the shaft of moonlight and into the shadows .
tr	PAST	The red darkness twirled , pierced by bursts of light .
tr	PRES	She wheels her chair sideways a little .
tr	PAST	I pinched myself to make sure I was awake .
tr	PRES	" Is Reggie a friend of yours ? "
tr	PAST	Whatever it was it rustled as he manipulated it .
tr	PAST	The fireman clutched at his side and fell to the floor .
tr	PRES	An avalanche of memories crushes any semblance of relief I should feel right now .
tr	PAST	He twirled her around until both of them were laughing .
tr	PRES	I confess my sense of self-preservation was sorely lacking and my legs felt a little weak .
tr	PRES	Ethan often stands alone .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and caresses his face .
tr	PRES	The walls were bare , the furniture sparse .
tr	PRES	Mr. Allen enters the store and stands next to us .
tr	PAST	I faltered in my explanation .
tr	PRES	" And in civilian life , George wears a tie and tails , sips martinis and uses a cigarette holder .
tr	PAST	A tunnel split off from the main cavern .
tr	PRES	And the defense minister . "
tr	PRES	Her eyes roam to my house and then widen when she sees that I 'm watching her .
tr	PRES	" A divorce ? "
tr	PRES	" Now lets get back to it . "
tr	PAST	Blood soaked through the arms of his robe on his arms .
tr	PAST	The land rumbled and shook , and in minutes , the ocean swallowed every rock , hollow , and denizen . "
tr	PAST	Almost hourly the officer of the watch called for them to take soundings of the ocean floor , voices muffled and oddly far-away in the mist .
tr	PRES	" Yes , of course , but the fact remains that Deneen plans to charge our man with conspiracy .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself for the usual spinning sensation , but it didn 't come .
tr	PAST	But he trusted me .
tr	PRES	" Watch what you are doing , " I warn her .
tr	PRES	" They came into Elliott 's domain to take Elise , " April mutters .
tr	PAST	Terrance stomped on the gas pedal , but the truck didn 't respond .
tr	PRES	" An invalid ? "
tr	PAST	Murphy 's gun chattered several more times , and then fell silent .
tr	PRES	" Please understand , Chess .
tr	PRES	" With pleasure , Your Highness . "
tr	PAST	He tugged aside the covering at the back of the wagon and squinted against the sun 's sudden glare .
tr	PRES	" It 's because I don 't want you to get hurt , you idiot !
tr	PRES	Her fist and razor sharp fingernails crash into my face .
tr	PRES	" Geez , Nat , it 's just a pen , " Evan mumbled behind me .
tr	PAST	Crocheting provided a window to her soul and discussion would reveal her deepest pain and disappointment .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over me from head to toe , and I couldn 't get a read on what he was thinking .
tr	PRES	It rips me open , cutting through my soul .
tr	PRES	A stand next to my mattress holds black candles in its holders .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed Carlos .
tr	PRES	The man 's shoulder length ebony hair and beard , and the full length white garment bolstered the impression .
tr	PAST	Rosie tugged at my chin until I met her eyes .
tr	PRES	He coaches football at the high school . "
tr	PAST	I knew it was too good to be true , ' he grieved .
tr	PAST	Always pretended I didn 't notice .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha . "
tr	PRES	He cups the back of my head and urges me to kiss him .
tr	PAST	The kids scampered among the trees and underbrush , having a great time and making enough noise to raise the entire forest .
tr	PRES	" There 's a large amount of Fey that are growing tired of Luna and her antics , " he explains .
tr	PAST	His fingers hooked around the tiny string of my panties ' waistband and he pulled them off with a smooth , practiced motion .
tr	PRES	Always arrive fifteen minutes before time . "
tr	PAST	She eyed Abbey worriedly .
tr	PAST	Secrets always come revealed .
tr	PRES	Hope shone on her face .
tr	PAST	" I wonder how many books they have , " Jeff speculated .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed her sudden apprehension , because he said , " It 's all right , Katy .
tr	PAST	Doug 's long fingers circled my arm .
tr	PRES	She faced everyone , her voice now a distant echo .
tr	PAST	He clipped my stockings in with confidence .
tr	PAST	Without my permission , my eyes sought him out of their own accord .
tr	PAST	" Thank you , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" Ingrid wishes to sleep with me .
tr	PAST	Shuttles and transports of all sizes weaved through the area at all times of the day or night .
tr	PAST	The stagecoach driver loudly munched away as all eyes stayed on him .
tr	PRES	You belong to me , only to me , from now on . "
tr	PAST	She wove and dodged , striking out at it .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand into his bag as if to pull something out .
tr	PRES	He carries a knife , pressing it tight across Connie 's throat .
tr	PRES	In his pale face , his eyes were remarkably alive , a vibrant green that made them actual y shine like jewels .
tr	PRES	But , suddenly his words snap into place .
tr	PRES	But no joke , he slams the rubbish into the bin like he 's punching a wall .
tr	PRES	Ellis slides his glasses up his nose .
tr	PAST	Jordan hooked a hand under her knee for just the right angle to slide inside her .
tr	PRES	" Three whole months , Becks .
tr	PAST	He brightened as if I 'd given the date my blessing .
tr	PAST	Brenda flicked away the remaining pieces of the telekinetic spells which hurtled violently in the opposite direction .
tr	PRES	It brings on depression , and that is a sign that you are on the wrong path .
tr	PRES	" Hi , Zuri , " he murmurs , his eyes on me .
tr	PRES	The room lurches and I nearly fall , but I don 't .
tr	PRES	" With that biker ? "
tr	PRES	Mason taps on the door .
tr	PRES	I settle behind Dancing Delight and That 's My Boy .
tr	PAST	I giggled and rolled my eyes , wondering how long he 'd had that in his truck .
tr	PAST	The stars twinkled in the black of the night .
tr	PRES	" Even if you learn that there 's a part of me that hates you ? "
tr	PAST	He gave me a single shake then half sank , half collapsed into the empty brown club chair next to mine .
tr	PAST	The man froze for a second and gave me another look .
tr	PAST	He tugged on a strand of my hair , rapping it around his finger , " You don 't sound like it . "
tr	PRES	" Your implication ... " " You didn 't hire me just to walk the athletes to practice .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat and searches my eyes .
tr	PAST	Mr Aoki flicked ash away .
tr	PAST	Tula jiggled the baby while patting him on the back gently .
tr	PAST	he exploded , everything draining from him .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder as Adam approaches .
tr	PRES	He begins reading in a language that I can 't understand .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands in an effort to quell my aggression .
tr	PAST	He groped in the dark and found three rocks the size of softballs .
tr	PRES	Victor looked up at her , his cheeks damp with tears .
tr	PRES	Eight girls in my court , all smiles and skin , my princess Tina beside me .
tr	PRES	Mr. Moretti gently pushes me back down .
tr	PRES	Baldwin carries the basket .
tr	PAST	I scoffed at this notion .
tr	PRES	" It kind of kills me . "
tr	PAST	We divided into pairs to practice wrist blocks and parries .
tr	PRES	The rain rattles on my hood like machine gun fire .
tr	PAST	Kissing his shoulder , she urged him to roll to his back .
tr	PAST	Julia shrieked , and wished she could wrap her sister in a big happy hug right now .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " Mina concurred .
tr	PRES	" Oh , my gods ... " I swayed .
tr	PAST	Each trip resulted in another much-needed infusion into Terrance 's nearly empty cash coffer .
tr	PRES	" Are there archives downstairs ? "
tr	PAST	But people thrived here as well , in fact they were taller , stronger and more patient than elsewhere .
tr	PAST	The cat swirled its body around her legs and meowed .
tr	PRES	He frowns , his eyes filling with hurt and annoyance .
tr	PRES	" I um ... I ... " Her voice thickened .
tr	PAST	At night the place crawled with them .
tr	PAST	He opened the bottle expertly , then flicked a switch and the fire came to life , the flames licking the top of the fireplace .
tr	PRES	He kisses then helps her to load into the solar tram car .
tr	PAST	They trudged along a serpentine path carved through the wooded ravine behind the farmhouse .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me . "
tr	PRES	She glances at me before she heads to her bedroom to change .
tr	PRES	" A shame , but he had outlived his usefulness . "
tr	PRES	Malcolm eventually explains that the earthquake seriously damaged the underground facilities .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply taking in Boone 's scent .
tr	PAST	He claimed that he could save me .
tr	PAST	Joey stalked up the stairs and disappeared .
tr	PAST	She inhaled ; her heart was already following the strong pattern of his .
tr	PAST	Are you related in some way to the Zane family ? "
tr	PRES	Said Haddington , and believed it .
tr	PAST	They opted to move it .
tr	PRES	He towers above Society , one throne replaced by another .
tr	PRES	" Of course I haven 't , your Highness .
tr	PRES	She holds up her hands for emphasis , and sure enough , they are indeed fine and delicate .
tr	PAST	The aide reappeared , whispered and disappeared .
tr	PRES	" And your security consulting ? "
tr	PAST	A loud creak split the dead silence , as if to make my intrusion that much more obvious .
tr	PAST	" Your mother named you .
tr	PAST	" I lent it to Maddy . "
tr	PAST	He shuffled his dirty white socks across the blue carpet to get enough charge to - " Ow ! "
tr	PRES	Even Chad hardly hears from him .
tr	PAST	Marshall jabbed a thumb against his own chest .
tr	PRES	" How about the main attraction ? "
tr	PAST	I hopped off the treadmill .
tr	PAST	" Good to see the two of you , " he boomed , slapping Jack on the back .
tr	PAST	Levon slapped his large hands over his ears , his palms flat against his head .
tr	PRES	A few highland chieftains however still pledge for the King .
tr	PRES	He ticked the points off on his fingers as he went on .
tr	PAST	" Becky 's face was blown off , " Brian reported .
tr	PAST	Her mouth provided a strong suction that brought him to instant attention .
tr	PAST	Renna gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	My breath froze on my lips and I could feel my heart pounding in my chest and beating in my fingertips .
tr	PAST	Ramsey regarded him for several moments .
tr	PAST	He dialed Chad 's number and listened to it ring a couple of times .
tr	PRES	The audience falls silent .
tr	PAST	The smile never wavered .
tr	PAST	His hand skimmed over her hair , tugged her long braid .
tr	PAST	Amy never strayed far from the group again .
tr	PAST	Her color darkened and her gaze bounced away again .
tr	PAST	Caroline stuffed her hands deep in the pockets of her coveralls .
tr	PAST	All the courtiers dyed their hair red and cut holes in their clothes , hoping to emulate my patchy coat . "
tr	PRES	I exhale and shake my curls then swing around .
tr	PRES	" The decision stands . "
tr	PAST	He mopped his face , " If we stay down here , they will cook .
tr	PRES	" I will , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Shiv draws back the strands of her tresses falling on her face , gently with his hands .
tr	PAST	Grace froze as her terror swelled to titanic proportions .
tr	PRES	I fold the papers back up and give them back .
tr	PAST	Chase hopped off the bed and dug in a pocket of his suitcase , producing a bottle of lubricant and couple of condoms .
tr	PRES	He points to Adel , " I want to get my money back . "
tr	PAST	He squinted toward the ocean , making his cheeks ball up in rosy bumps .
tr	PRES	Also , I vaguely recall sneaking off to some bushes to take a whizz , and I was standing up at the time .
tr	PRES	Says Greg angrily , mimicking Bruno 's tone .
tr	PRES	" Look , " Katie whispered .
tr	PRES	I yell as I make a break for it .
tr	PAST	You had that Gilmore shaking in his boots , he cringed at your reprimands and jumped to obey your commands . "
tr	PRES	Doc favors me with a piercing look .
tr	PAST	He plopped down into it , removed his worn straw cowboy hat , and placed it on the small table beside the rocker .
tr	PAST	' Me , too , ' Lucy chimed in enthusiastically .
tr	PAST	He cuffed Aria 's arm .
tr	PRES	He tries a third and final time .
tr	PAST	She simply regarded them as agents in her experiments , blind beneficiaries of her work .
tr	PAST	Then I withdrew , hovering over his lips for an instant longer , and I pulled back with fiery intent .
tr	PAST	Joshua motioned for Elizabeth to come with him as he turned back toward the door .
tr	PRES	" Two hundred yards . "
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't we just relax for one night ? "
tr	PAST	I even painted some of the pieces to restore them to their original colors . "
tr	PAST	Sara froze halfway to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	Everyone uses it . "
tr	PRES	He reclaimed the industrial properties and re-opened the factories again .
tr	PRES	" Please give them to me , " I begged .
tr	PAST	Got nothing more to say about what happened to Laura . "
tr	PRES	People cheat on each other all the time .
tr	PRES	The market opens down 300 points and continues to drop .
tr	PRES	" No General , there is no hatch because no one climbs into it . "
tr	PRES	" So you want to be in the top 10 % or so of web designers , then , " I teased .
tr	PAST	" All right , but be quick , we need to get going as soon as possible , " Born advised .
tr	PAST	" Always before , you acted almost as if you were ashamed of your title .
tr	PRES	" Get my medicine , " I mutter to Eden .
tr	PRES	" Not about your body , silly , but about your Trait and that song . "
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	" After his last failed appeal , Osborne attempted suicide .
tr	PRES	" My new skin permits me to project a sphere - froth might be a better word - of PPT tunnels around me .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , she remembers everything . "
tr	PRES	It kills me to hear the hope in that single word .
tr	PRES	' It 's bad , ' he mumbled worriedly .
tr	PAST	His gaze caressed the stone , and his voice dropped , became slow and reverent .
tr	PAST	Chloe 's heart sped up when he looked at her like that .
tr	PAST	Grams had sensed the danger after we left .
tr	PAST	He preferred it free around her face .
tr	PRES	I wince , both embarrassed and disturbed .
tr	PAST	" Ryder , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" That 's brilliant , " she breathes .
tr	PRES	" They 're running late , " she announces as she picks up a few fries from a basket between us .
tr	PRES	" That strikes me as a bit odd for a man that 's supposed to be getting married today .
tr	PRES	" The bra ? "
tr	PAST	" I used to watch some of the high rollers back home and they would lay some healthy tips on those serving trays , " stated Paul .
tr	PRES	Since I was one of Jillian 's bridesmaids .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself up , still holding his side with one hand , and pulls the sweatshirt around his shoulders like a blanket .
tr	PAST	My lower body convulsed at his words but I just smiled innocently .
tr	PAST	He zigzagged across the space , holding his breath , cautious of his footing .
tr	PAST	Then a small voice piped up behind her , through the doorway she 'd been conspicuously blocking .
tr	PAST	A frightful , frazzled , fizzled mess ! "
tr	PRES	I add another bouquet , this time leaving forget-me-nots .
tr	PRES	* The plan had worked so far , thought Pierce staring at his apartment in the rain .
tr	PAST	Over and over he devoured her mouth , his hips gently rocking against her in time with her soft sounds of growing need .
tr	PRES	" Yes , please tel ! "
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned my jeans and slid his hand down inside , and I climaxed almost immediately .
tr	PRES	" Be careful not to stuff yourself , " I warn her .
tr	PRES	The bartender points to the door off to the side of the stage when Skye gives him the questioning shoulder raise .
tr	PAST	Like drunk off his ass , doesn 't know what the hell he 's doing , trashed . "
tr	PAST	As he studied the little screen , a frown chased away the passion from his expression .
tr	PAST	A conductor designed to send a vast amount of electricity into a person , or vampire .
tr	PAST	" You named it ? "
tr	PAST	He treated his court officials and hangers-on in a rude , offhand way , and was much too fond of his hunting and drinking .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to you , Miss Sharma .
tr	PRES	" What about Maia ? "
tr	PAST	When the year 2000 ushered in the start of the 21st century , a phenomenon transformed the world .
tr	PAST	I chanced upon the daily production report that was on the whiteboard .
tr	PAST	He eyed her warily , obviously concerned .
tr	PAST	Then he gifted her right back with a smile that would forever be framed in her mind .
tr	PAST	I am hungry , " Helen announced as he finished with his breeches and picked up his tunic .
tr	PAST	With great exertion I clasped my fingers over my chest .
tr	PRES	" May I borrow your diary again ? "
tr	PRES	snapped Rob Anybody . '
tr	PAST	The handshake deal provided they would proceed with the divorce if and when one of them met someone else .
tr	PAST	Then the first pump exploded .
tr	PRES	Every muscle in her body quivered like a bound bird 's , the blinding urge to fly to him tearing her apart .
tr	PRES	Grandma tries to help , but even she is limited in what she knows .
tr	PRES	I shout again and the house is flooded with soldiers and civilians .
tr	PAST	The words and sentences intruded in my thoughts .
tr	PRES	My life there flashes before my eyes .
tr	PAST	" No offense , of course ! "
tr	PAST	" It wouldn 't be the first time , " TJ chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Hi , " she whispers shyly .
tr	PRES	" Well , lets go . "
tr	PRES	That he had spread those lies . "
tr	PRES	She grits her teeth and storms away in a huff of blonde hair and red clicking high heels .
tr	PRES	She just loves dancing . "
tr	PRES	Arthur Pritchard taps the corner of the picture I 'm holding .
tr	PAST	The queen sniffed and held her hand out .
tr	PRES	Christian proceeds to bend his elbow as if he has no hand and starts flailing his hand as if he 's swimming .
tr	PRES	Says he 's leaving his wife and going to come take Larissa and Tawny away from it all . "
tr	PAST	Seemingly helpless to stop herself , she inched closer to him , enjoying the hell out of his scent .
tr	PRES	" My lease up ? "
tr	PAST	The reporter had lied .
tr	PAST	When she climbed out of bed the next morning , Sophie clutched her pounding head and staggered to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	I phoned Natalie and Otto to tell them the news .
tr	PRES	She was so beautiful , " Zelda fondly remembers .
tr	PRES	He points toward me .
tr	PRES	Danny sees Elijah 's remorseful expression and doesn 't know what to think .
tr	PRES	Mom 's sleeping , her head resting on the toilet seat .
tr	PAST	After prayer , the festivities commenced .
tr	PAST	The mist briefly swirled , as if Gideon had managed to strike a raw nerve .
tr	PAST	The guitarist strummed a slow rhythm .
tr	PRES	Arden chalked it up to being tired and bitchy .
tr	PAST	" My dad fathered a child before me . "
tr	PRES	Economics sees the countable end and does not waste time and energy on those processes which society prescribes as human and just .
tr	PRES	I snuck out and came here like he told me to .
tr	PRES	He sees your television shows .
tr	PRES	He stands rooted to the spot , his mind reeling .
tr	PRES	After dinner , Cherie begins to gather the plates .
tr	PRES	' If you will accompany me ? '
tr	PAST	The Iron Queen regarded me intently , thinking .
tr	PAST	The chill inside her deepened , migrating into bone .
tr	PRES	I detect a certain sadness about you too and a connection with the military .
tr	PRES	" Because she knew about the death angels . "
tr	PRES	I belong nowhere , so nowhere belongs to me .
tr	PAST	She seized the blade and jumped onto Earl 's back , pressing the knife 's trigger .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're Shifter . "
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and kisses my temple .
tr	PRES	I wipe my face with the hem of my shirt and walk to the opposite door , leaving my black box with its syringe and needle behind .
tr	PAST	He simply preferred to have his daughter at home tonight , where he could watch over her .
tr	PRES	He tuned the guitar and later on , strummed the tune of the song ' Out of My League . '
tr	PRES	Mom 's sales pitch interrupted my Italian fantasy .
tr	PAST	He frames my face with his hands and touches his forehead to mine .
tr	PAST	I stormed off , and Grey followed after me .
tr	PAST	I crouched in the shadows behind a pickup truck and waited until the giants had moved on to the next part of their security sweep .
tr	PAST	I sensed someone was going to move to block out my view , and I put my hand out to stop them .
tr	PRES	They echo around in my head like marbles in an empty tin can as he tries to shake some sense back into me .
tr	PRES	I mistook a sexual attraction for the real thing .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on the nearest divan , pulling my knees to my chest .
tr	PRES	I cherish her , sir .
tr	PAST	I panicked even more upon hearing that ridiculous answer from the light .
tr	PRES	He sighs and moves the needle for my arms .
tr	PAST	The Seon bobbed formally once more , then floated away to do his master 's bidding .
tr	PAST	She slowly scrolled through the shots again and zoomed in on one particular one .
tr	PAST	He crouched down , and leant against the window .
tr	PAST	Horace wagged every muscle in his body in a fit of welcome as his long lost friends stepped onto the sidewalk from the Captain 's car .
tr	PRES	Trying to make sense of what he has just heard , he falls to his knees and stares at the smoldering fire .
tr	PAST	He treated him like he was an orphan servant .
tr	PAST	He tugged her along again .
tr	PRES	" Group B ? "
tr	PAST	Thunder boomed in the distance and rolled across the sky , loud enough to rattle the windows .
tr	PAST	Now corollaries of procedures related faced by the intimacy .
tr	PAST	I rummaged through it , but I could barely tell one piece of clothing from another .
tr	PRES	She reached back , her wrist grazing his cheek , as she always did , even if she didn 't answer .
tr	PAST	The hatred he had for God diminished , replaced with hope .
tr	PRES	" At your reception . "
tr	PRES	' Every time I look at the gap my eyes water , ' he mumbled . '
tr	PRES	Tripping over the undergrowth , my mother stops to bandage my cuts , causing her to sigh .
tr	PRES	The way she carries herself says she knows her way around a gun .
tr	PRES	Don 't touch it , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	He doubted that she did .
tr	PAST	So - " He cocked his head to the side . "
tr	PRES	She embraces him and steps down .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PAST	George collected Clara 's hand and bowed .
tr	PRES	He never forgave himself .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my arm .
tr	PRES	" Not you , HIM ! "
tr	PAST	I absorbed that for a second , and then I smacked him across the chest , making him grunt .
tr	PRES	" I plead the Fifth .
tr	PRES	I wipe my palms off on the hem of my shirt .
tr	PAST	This time screw the Coke .
tr	PRES	Tobias glances at me .
tr	PAST	I prayed for curves ; prayed I 'd stay on the road when I hit them .
tr	PAST	His low voice vibrated with intensity .
tr	PRES	Laila , disable the alarm , and I 'll start going through some patterns . "
tr	PAST	That in itself resulted in those deaths .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the German shepherd at his feet .
tr	PAST	I tugged at my straggling ponytail , removing my elasticized band so that I could run my fingers through my curls .
tr	PRES	And again , when Sarah doesn 't speak right away , he presses her .
tr	PRES	I marvel how fast good news travels .
tr	PRES	He glances at me and closes his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Oh ... " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Something that tends to happen when you sleep in your clothes .
tr	PRES	he suddenly strikes a dramatic pose and holds his hands out as if captioning his own credit card commercial , " Priceless ! "
tr	PAST	David inhaled slowly ; exhaled .
tr	PRES	Tori still protects her , even though she 's barely human .
tr	PAST	The coin 's spinning slowed , and it toppled to the mahogany desktop .
tr	PAST	Alec caressed her cheek with his fingertips .
tr	PRES	Once he is sworn in , Baker begins his questions .
tr	PRES	He never removes his jacket .
tr	PRES	" No clue , but I 'm glad they are now . "
tr	PRES	A sticky mass fills up her mouth .
tr	PAST	The blue jay cocked its head and chirped cheerfully as if performing just for her .
tr	PAST	Sara thanked George in a panicked whisper and took the baby into the nursery to feed her .
tr	PAST	The children 's faces brightened .
tr	PAST	Together we cleaned up and slowly put our clothes back on .
tr	PAST	Solange 's expression sobered .
tr	PAST	Her heartbeat sped up a notch .
tr	PAST	He never uttered them anyway , so it made no difference .
tr	PRES	He scoots over towards me , careful not to touch the dagger .
tr	PAST	She also stuffed silver daggers in her boots , under her wrist sleeves , and under her pants belt .
tr	PRES	" This isn 't a challenge , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	Even in the twilight they glowed azure , heavy with hunger and satisfaction .
tr	PRES	" What about the reception ? "
tr	PAST	This one preferred to live to fight another day .
tr	PRES	" What shapes ? "
tr	PRES	He hates birthdays , and he already has everything he wants . "
tr	PRES	" No Laura . "
tr	PRES	She flashes me a grin and sways her h * ps as she struts down the hall .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could have stayed with you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" Nice to meet you , Billie .
tr	PAST	Jolene prayed that he would look up , flash that charming smile , and make a promise .
tr	PAST	Stefan extended his hands across the table with both of his palms up , asking for my mine silently .
tr	PAST	I upended the jug of juice .
tr	PAST	The Irishman palmed the bill , adjusted his cap so the visor part was in the back and jumped down from the stool .
tr	PAST	He holstered the gun , slung his camera over his neck and snuck up on the motel .
tr	PAST	I attempted to get out of bed .
tr	PAST	Holiday held out her right hand , her thumb and index finger pinched close together .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , kicking her harder .
tr	PRES	He exhales then knocks for a second time , waiting .
tr	PAST	They swiped back and jabbed at him with their pointy sticks .
tr	PRES	" Derek , let Anna go , " I begged .
tr	PRES	" The way George brings in trophies nearly as big as he is , I thought he 'd be delighted with another rat . "
tr	PAST	They organized random patrols to monitor the area around them .
tr	PAST	High school sweethearts reunited years later . "
tr	PRES	I urge thee , one and all , to hear the words of our new and unexpected friend . "
tr	PRES	" Ow , that hurts , " I mutter through a moan with my neck being forced to arch back .
tr	PAST	She floated in front of him , her eyes glowing .
tr	PRES	' Here Comes the Bride ' blared out from the club 's loudspeakers , and the spectators broke into wild applause as Tammy led off the procession .
tr	PRES	David blushes a little as he shakes his head , " Not yet . "
tr	PAST	He extended his hand and she placed hers in his .
tr	PAST	My heart leaped , and I stood , ready to follow his path .
tr	PAST	Then she conquered him , irrevocably .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with his shirt tail .
tr	PRES	Minna reaches out and takes her own mug of coffee by the handle and brings it slowly to her lips .
tr	PRES	Good to meet you , Mitch .
tr	PRES	" He kills them when he feeds ? "
tr	PAST	Dad always claimed he could smell the snow , and Mom always said he was crazy .
tr	PAST	Because I wouldn 't want to be left exposed in a public place .
tr	PAST	He prayed for all of those in the valley and for himself , too .
tr	PRES	She pushes in a wet kiss on the side of my face before taking off across the street .
tr	PAST	" You smell tasty , " he rumbled .
tr	PAST	Now , it mortified her even more .
tr	PAST	They dressed and behaved weird as well , Tom claimed .
tr	PRES	When two men have a dispute , they settle it with a duel .
tr	PAST	Lightning split the sky and thunder cracked over their heads .
tr	PRES	And it points north .
tr	PAST	Most of its tentacles retracted but one whipped out at us and almost took off Cade 's head .
tr	PAST	His tone lightened ; he was teasing her now .
tr	PAST	He caressed her face , her smooth white throat .
tr	PAST	At the same time a bubble of absurd laughter exploded in my throat which I masked as yet another baby cry .
tr	PRES	He murmurs an apology , and I only catch a glimpse of wavy hair tamed with a ball cap .
tr	PRES	" ' ' Tis me .
tr	PAST	Beale 's lips curved up a tiny bit .
tr	PAST	Terry lingered nearby and thumbed through papers on Darlene 's desk .
tr	PAST	She stares at the juice box , then runs up and takes it .
tr	PRES	Meredith 's crystal-clear green eyes settle on me for a long moment .
tr	PRES	" Is that all from you , Prewitt ? "
tr	PRES	" Same here , " he breathes .
tr	PRES	" Oh , for the love of God , not this again , " I said , rol ing my eyes .
tr	PRES	Hearing the whistling becoming louder , she stands up .
tr	PAST	Still , his grandfather treated his cattle with a surprisingly warm touch , managing the animals with an unusual compassion .
tr	PAST	Jessie 's mouth curved into an impish grin .
tr	PRES	We celebrate all life .
tr	PRES	Anguish fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	" I always listen to sense , " stated the man at the table , grinning .
tr	PAST	Travis engaged Joe in a quick series of hand signals , and beneath her , the whine of the boat suddenly diminished .
tr	PAST	I hopped out of the specialized tub , reattached my leg , then wiped condensation from the mirror .
tr	PRES	A surge of energy fills the nest .
tr	PRES	They represent Mitchell Wyatt . "
tr	PAST	His stomach quickly revolted at the motion the ship was experiencing .
tr	PAST	Their eyes glowed red , bright red , perhaps the exact shade of radioactive blood .
tr	PAST	William exhaled , popping my chest forward with a sudden burst , and I felt a flash of anger so scalding running through him it was uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	I soar higher moving upward to the Heavens and soon will be out among the stars .
tr	PRES	" Did she hike there often ? "
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes .
tr	PRES	Amy whispers in my ear , snapping me back to reality .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , took more of a command , pressing her a little to see if she would respond .
tr	PAST	" God dammit , we 're wasting time , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	She shifts under me , then wraps her legs around my waist , bringing my dick to rest against her slick folds .
tr	PAST	She stuffed his body inside the cabinet and closed the doors .
tr	PRES	He now suspects Jessie might be after the estate , but that is the furthest thing from her mind you know .
tr	PAST	Tammie stares at him , horrified .
tr	PRES	She belongs to me and I would give my life to keep her safe . "
tr	PAST	He flicked his claws .
tr	PAST	Kate and Jenny giggled as I made a horrid face .
tr	PAST	George , however , regarded snow as a cold , wet insult to Royal feet and shook each paw after picking it up .
tr	PAST	" I came to ask ye something , " Cullen rumbled by her ear .
tr	PRES	" And Viktoria and her lad .
tr	PAST	After a few moments , they finally retreated .
tr	PAST	Tires screeched into the parking lot .
tr	PRES	Brian snaps his fingers in my face .
tr	PAST	I 'm happy for you , " I lied , repeating a pat response I 'd used many times before .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a female .
tr	PRES	" I know , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	He slides on his suit pants and buckles his belt .
tr	PRES	I pushed him several feet away , and hopped off the table , my legs unsteady against the floor .
tr	PAST	A tail wagged and thumped against my desk .
tr	PRES	When they were finished , the GM reviewed their sheets , made some notes for himself , and handed them back .
tr	PAST	Its head went beneath the water and then it surfaced , it floated .
tr	PAST	As she and Nate said their vows , her nephew chased her parents ' dog through the flowerbed , covering the guests with mud in the process .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to the side and he said , " What else are we going to do if we 're not going out ? "
tr	PAST	They fled farther down the street , trying to break clear , to get some distance away from the conflagration .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to this floor , Mr. Blythe ? "
tr	PRES	" Not me , Princess .
tr	PAST	Simon tugged on the chain .
tr	PRES	A big floodlight shone across the Sabino parking lot .
tr	PRES	Isaiah clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" When we get back to camp , park the truck over by the garbage drums .
tr	PAST	I sought her eyes .
tr	PRES	He holds out the papers to Sarah across the desk .
tr	PRES	Zeke stops pacing and turns toward us .
tr	PAST	When her feet touched the rug she exhaled in relief and then took another deep breath before carefully levering herself off the bed .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her face .
tr	PRES	" I guess you don 't need me at all , " I teased .
tr	PRES	While he stands in power , England suffers .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the empty fireplace .
tr	PRES	He wears his customary black master 's shirt which features three classic spells of protection to guard his back from approaching demons .
tr	PRES	" What about Jesus ? "
tr	PAST	" Go , my son , unto the Valley of the Lost and give each man , woman and child a buckeye , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	He dismissed his attendants with a gesture .
tr	PAST	Within an hour , Leon announced that they had surely earned enough money to buy supplies for his grooming .
tr	PAST	We received an offer to buy out your rights to the comics and the Powerhouse character .
tr	PRES	She hates and despises all goofs to death and even damnation itself . "
tr	PAST	Fortunately , Clay 's call waiting beeped again .
tr	PAST	Liz cocked her head as if contemplating something .
tr	PAST	It pinched like a collar .
tr	PRES	" Oh nay , lass . '
tr	PRES	He stands up , offers me his hand .
tr	PAST	And she prayed earnestly that God would keep them and help them to grow during the coming year .
tr	PAST	Every muscle in my body seized as my eyes picked out a darker , thicker shadow in the corner by the door .
tr	PAST	While they waited nearby for their turn , Rhea tugged on Cronus ' arm and pulled him closer to her .
tr	PAST	I stated this rather than asked .
tr	PRES	" You 're in the clear as far as that goes , " he concludes .
tr	PAST	After dinner he visited the room she used as her art studio and admired painting after painting .
tr	PAST	As if she sensed menace in the air , the child subsided into moist hiccups .
tr	PRES	" I thought we might go out to dinner at a nice place , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Albert extended his hand .
tr	PRES	We huddle there in the dirt , surrounded by old beer cans and syringes .
tr	PRES	Pass me on ... . "
tr	PRES	Mr. and Mrs. Lie !
tr	PAST	" I don 't want to hurt you , " he gritted out .
tr	PRES	" The name lies at the very core of personal identity . "
tr	PAST	When he 'd finished eating , he hopped in the shower .
tr	PAST	Her hypnotic green eyes twinkled .
tr	PAST	He ceased his movements , cupping her breast in one hand , stopping his thumb but allowing himself to keep his fingers inside her with the other .
tr	PRES	" Fire hazard , " he mutters , attention waning in favor of the game .
tr	PRES	Molly , I love Brant and promise to do everything in my power to fulfill my wedding vows .
tr	PRES	" Happy rehearsal . "
tr	PAST	The warmth of the sun urged him to wake .
tr	PAST	They cheered him on wildly as their valiant hero .
tr	PRES	I assume it 'd still be a natural process sans dope . "
tr	PAST	" Or destroyed by people like me . "
tr	PRES	And oddly it comforted me .
tr	PAST	Vincent replaced the bottle in Duncan 's hand with a shovel .
tr	PAST	A little bloom of contentment unfolded inside her , and she was smiling as she drifted back to sleep .
tr	PAST	He couldn 't even wait to take it off , floated though my mind briefly .
tr	PRES	One night , she dares the inconceivable and leaves the safety of her home .
tr	PAST	" The first thing I need to worry about is finding another job , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Adam and I froze , looked at each other and went back in .
tr	PRES	Blood drips from his nostrils over his lips and down his chin .
tr	PAST	Matthew , determined to never be pitied , treated Amelia with politeness , but never allowed an actual conversation to take place .
tr	PAST	Once they were both naked , he urged her onto her back and threaded their fingers together as he kissed her .
tr	PAST	A soft voice floated to him , strained in fear .
tr	PRES	Its internal power must be very unstable and those guns are ridiculous , I don 't care how scary it looks , " Lisa states .
tr	PAST	Every cell in my body anticipated Evan 's response . '
tr	PRES	A light shone through the thick panes .
tr	PAST	No , I created a ' portal ' as you called it .
tr	PAST	Maybe their so-called Yew dissidents lied . "
tr	PAST	He squinted a little and thought about it .
tr	PRES	" AIDS stands for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome .
tr	PAST	" Here we are , " announced Emily , scrounging through her oversized purse for the key .
tr	PAST	I unzipped my pants .
tr	PAST	Instead , she suddenly withdrew her hands and lifted them to her nose .
tr	PAST	Her cheeks glowed warm with pleasure as she looked at him and smiled .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Mooney likes doing the cha-cha .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " he hedged .
tr	PAST	The dragon 's scream split the heavens .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , right , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Maybe he brainwashed me .
tr	PAST	He had been caught red-handed by someone I trusted .
tr	PAST	Isis squinted and only held onto her tighter .
tr	PAST	Or rather , the one who replaced him . "
tr	PAST	He grunted , closed his eyes .
tr	PAST	It intruded into the darkness , pulling me up to where I didn 't want to be .
tr	PRES	In the flash of seconds before she got near them , she appraised the threat .
tr	PAST	She writhed against him .
tr	PAST	Soldiers pouring into the cell block from below , their boots rattling the gangway as they run up the metal stairs towards us .
tr	PRES	The people watched him , their eyes reverent .
tr	PAST	When close , he exited the vehicle and approached the young girl until they embraced .
tr	PAST	Wrapping her arms around his shoulders , Layla seized what she wanted .
tr	PRES	He slowly breathes in its aroma , then sets it on top of Dr. Vance 's lifeless body .
tr	PAST	Kingsley emerged , too , carrying Edwin in his arms .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Sonia .
tr	PAST	Ash emerged from around the other side of the car adjacent to Maddie 's Jeep .
tr	PRES	He wears a thick black robe fastened from his neck to his feet inscribed with the familiar gold lettering on all sides .
tr	PAST	She stripped off her night shift and rested it on her bed .
tr	PRES	With that , she pushes back a final branch and strides away .
tr	PAST	Then the rat froze .
tr	PAST	She snaked her hand up between their bodies to clear her face before looking up .
tr	PAST	Jonah 's eyes flicked to the next picture , which showed the same dude .
tr	PAST	Alexia squinted , attempting to discern the details of the group .
tr	PAST	I invented this damned machine , and I operated it unquestioningly for three years .
tr	PRES	He carries me across the cave and sits me down on a rock that juts out perfect for a seat .
tr	PRES	A shadowy scythe splits the flesh of Meera 's lower back .
tr	PRES	And our enemy wishes to enslave their inferiors to serve them in all ways .
tr	PRES	He padded over , sniffing at the bones .
tr	PAST	His mouth nuzzled her neck , a whisper really , yet she felt his touch like a brand .
tr	PAST	So I willed my body -- and my brain in particular -- to rot away as quickly as it could .
tr	PAST	She threaded her fingers through his hair and their eyes collided as she tipped his head back .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and rests his head against my stomach .
tr	PAST	She prayed she was right .
tr	PAST	I sensed a something welling up inside me .
tr	PAST	Her bottom lip blanched when she clamped down on it .
tr	PRES	He just likes things in order . "
tr	PAST	The cover sheet bore the logo of Stanford Enterprises .
tr	PAST	Before Cook shot himself in the head , he extracted a promise from my father .
tr	PRES	Fox sighs and glances at me , saying , " Just move . "
tr	PAST	He experienced more than an ounce of regret .
tr	PAST	The line buzzed and purred .
tr	PRES	She stops and glares at me with her hands on her bony hips .
tr	PAST	I yawned , and out of habit , Trenton pulled me closer .
tr	PAST	In an odd voice , he tipped his head in the direction he was staring and said softly , " Look . "
tr	PAST	Meagan Moore , Robin Cartier Gregory , Tanya Seward , Amber Fisher , Jennifer Harris , the girls in the fifth grade announced .
tr	PAST	He cringed , " This isn 't going to work .
tr	PRES	Okay , see you soon , bye . "
tr	PAST	He sensed something was a little off in her ; she was a little restless .
tr	PRES	Peter likes to have cold compote .
tr	PAST	I froze in place , my heart numb as I watched the Saxon swing a mace into Lucan 's leg .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha , and you thought only Super Man was stupid enough to fall for my schemes , eh ?
tr	PAST	The giant mishmash of objects and substances crouched down , then spread out on the field on its back .
tr	PAST	If there 'd been one - I stiffened .
tr	PRES	" There is no oxygen , " the voice explains .
tr	PRES	No offense , but you stink at it . "
tr	PAST	" He can 't see you because he 's at Madam Delgado 's , " she lied .
tr	PRES	" Now , y ' all are not originally from this area , am I correct ? "
tr	PAST	" Looks good , " he lied halfheartedly .
tr	PAST	Since the police were keeping the murder quiet , the papers only reported Ray 's death as an accident .
tr	PAST	Liz eyed the roof with caution .
tr	PRES	" I don 't understand that , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	" Du n no yet .
tr	PAST	After a few moments of continued conversation , mostly on the part of the disrespectful stage hands , everyone quieted to listen .
tr	PAST	I zipped my bag up , sticking with Richie , even though he was walking away from the lunchroom , where I meant to go .
tr	PAST	My ears perked up at the mention of Brody ( aka Slater ) and my stomach knotted with nerves .
tr	PRES	A piss poor family , but Ed himself was a damn good man .
tr	PAST	Eye witnesses stated that there were armed men , who fired on the president from this position .
tr	PAST	I cringed inwardly as Kirk 's smile dissolved , and he met my words with an awkward nod .
tr	PAST	The dog withdrew and heeled , panting a cloudy mist .
tr	PRES	With a startled yell , I whipped my bag up and slammed him in the face .
tr	PRES	" Whatever , bitches .
tr	PRES	Max stands up and starts down the aisle , hesitant at first , then with confidence as several members of the congregation stand and clap .
tr	PRES	Sleep when you can .
tr	PRES	His green eyes never waver .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around my neck and embraces me tightly .
tr	PAST	No other article of cloth , at any time in history , bore marks such as these .
tr	PRES	Everyone loses something in life ; the way to move on from it is closure .
tr	PAST	At once the stench of rotting eggs mixed with decomposing flesh spewed into the still air .
tr	PAST	Using a floodlight to point to various areas of the sky , she described the world above .
tr	PRES	Then the crackle of a fire .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the bar .
tr	PAST	He split into three as he spun toward her , but she knew exactly which one he was .
tr	PAST	The bed bounced as he stood up .
tr	PAST	Once he entered , he froze .
tr	PRES	What if the wizard uses you at night when you would be sleeping ? "
tr	PRES	I wipe a hand across my face and smile weakly at Eden .
tr	PRES	" Soon , my precious , and what a feast you shall have -- cucumber sandwiches , creamed tea , and glazed plum cake ! "
tr	PAST	And then , a familiar beeping noise split the silence .
tr	PRES	" What a shitty stunt to pull on a man .
tr	PAST	Candles glowed from wall sconces , giving off a dim , antique light .
tr	PRES	" What about his personality ?
tr	PAST	Jeremy regarded her with astonishment .
tr	PAST	He sobbed into her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Glad I 'm such an amazing date , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He propped himself partially off the ground .
tr	PRES	Before either of us can react , the door opens and Enzo strides in .
tr	PAST	My stubble itched on the fabric inside the helmet .
tr	PRES	she sighs loudly , " I need you to wash that night away .
tr	PAST	How his fingers lingered on the small of my back .
tr	PRES	" And no negative comments , ever .
tr	PRES	" Boarding parties or kamikaze ? "
tr	PAST	The moonlight outlined his silhouette amid the scrollwork iron and the ivy .
tr	PRES	" Making an omelet , " she beamed , and scooped the mess onto a clean plate beside her .
tr	PRES	" Forgive me , Princess .
tr	PRES	Baldwin also rises from his chair .
tr	PRES	Ty bangs his pint glass down to announce with a grin full of mischief , " A Beirut virgin !
tr	PRES	Can you forgive ? "
tr	PRES	" Whatever you want , Lake .
tr	PAST	Karen brightened a bit .
tr	PAST	A squat , middle-aged woman named Annie greets us in the main building as we walk in , and asks if we 've been here before .
tr	PAST	As consciousness gradually claimed me , I smacked my dry lips together .
tr	PRES	" Oh my - " Something bursts out of the grey light .
tr	PAST	In the area of industrial science , Pasteur also invented the process of pasteurization to help prevent the spread of disease through milk and other foods .
tr	PRES	Without turning to them he said , " Prepare to make a stand . "
tr	PRES	" And with great satisfaction .
tr	PRES	Everybody hates something . "
tr	PRES	You disagree with him ? "
tr	PAST	My therapist reiterated , " Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm . "
tr	PRES	" I won 't lose you , Sloane , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	At the sight of that mighty sword the men quieted down almost instantly .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , " I know baby but the way your ass looks in them wants me to rip them from your body with my teeth . "
tr	PRES	He carries his appearance in a way in which there is nowhere for him to blend into .
tr	PAST	I pondered it a long time while the loons laughed in the dark on the lake .
tr	PRES	" The Russian ? "
tr	PRES	Anais was glad to awaken from his sleep , he dreaded the Burning Time .
tr	PAST	Rooster 's skeptical look revealed his doubt .
tr	PAST	They drafted you as an outsider so that the people they were after would not identify you as an agent . "
tr	PRES	She stands , and he covers his face with his hands .
tr	PAST	His ruddy face split into a sardonic smile .
tr	PAST	She slowly unbuttoned them and slid her fingers underneath the denim before sliding them over her hips .
tr	PRES	" What a witch . "
tr	PAST	* * * Abby sniffed and watched Brant and the others until they were out of sight and then she hugged Ty and Jenny .
tr	PAST	The women screeched in revulsion , throwing back stools and chairs as they stood .
tr	PRES	It draws the undead like gravity .
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn herself .
tr	PRES	I found a way down to Riverside through the Deeps , " Max mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Prick us , we bleed .
tr	PRES	He helps me sit back on the bed , pulls the blankets up around my shoulders .
tr	PRES	She releases my shirt , plucks a pin out of her hair , and hands it to me .
tr	PAST	In the second sketch , I painted his hair an outlandish green and yellow and made it stick out at all angles .
tr	PAST	But most interestingly of all , the computer even announced the arrival of the guests and even offered a welcoming hand on its screen .
tr	PAST	Ruth cleaned me up and then retreated with the doctor .
tr	PAST	He leaped like a frightened doe into the sheltering forest .
tr	PAST	Jessica and Lauren claimed to be busy as soon as Mike let it slip that I was involved in the planning .
tr	PRES	" Is she ok ?
tr	PRES	" Ah , the crack in the ' he 's making up imaginary friends ' hypothesis . "
tr	PAST	I yell at the top of my lungs , clawing at his arms .
tr	PRES	My father draws back in his seat and takes in a full deep breath before expelling it in a sigh .
tr	PAST	Shane untangled himself from Nick and reached inside his pants pocket to fish out the phone .
tr	PRES	" Open your eyes , Nora , " William breathes into my ear , his rank breath hot on my face .
tr	PAST	He swiped at my throat with the hand still in the air .
tr	PAST	Gregori waved a hand at the reporter , and Wade Carter slumped back behind the wheel of the car , his eyes glazed .
tr	PAST	" Hades , " Persephone chided .
tr	PAST	Those yellow eyes flicked over to Carter .
tr	PRES	He dives under the surface with purpose and for a moment , I forget that I 'm supposed to be swimming with him .
tr	PRES	But he loves her ! "
tr	PAST	I destroyed my research material , stole you away from the lab and set fire to the building .
tr	PAST	Miss Level always visited new mothers .
tr	PAST	Mitch risked a chuckle .
tr	PRES	The room falls silent .
tr	PRES	" They belong to the Academy library .
tr	PRES	The fury that surrounds Tad speeds out of the house and is replaced with a palpable calm .
tr	PRES	" But she loves to compete . "
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my pocket .
tr	PAST	Their voices bounced against the sounds already blasting from the six foot tall speakers .
tr	PRES	" And Darla ? "
tr	PAST	Flynn stuffed the gear into the space behind the front seat before backing out of the truck cab .
tr	PAST	I crouched between two parked cars and waited , out of sight , until Grey Cloak drove by me .
tr	PRES	Standing beside the boy with her chin resting on her fist , she stares at the doors thoughtfully .
tr	PRES	Everyone joins us on the deck , including Cade .
tr	PRES	His wolf silently padded along behind him .
tr	PRES	" God 's never been on my side , " I mumbled , as I watched the blood pull from my body into the needle .
tr	PAST	she further inquired , turning to the man beside her .
tr	PRES	A scientist loves his home of study .
tr	PAST	" Hugin visited me not a moment ago , bringing news .
tr	PAST	Syd proceeded to explain the importance of the gun to his family and that he would like to reclaim it .
tr	PRES	On stage and off , the smoke , flash and stun grenade detonations envelope the audience in a blinding fog .
tr	PRES	Marie states , " Diana is right .
tr	PAST	Then Jordan 's machine beeped .
tr	PAST	Eventually , fighting embarrassment , he stripped off his shirt .
tr	PRES	" I mean at , " I correct .
tr	PAST	" You insult me , sir !
tr	PRES	" You scare me to death .
tr	PRES	Phoebe 's neck caves in on itself and her body stops moving in a gruesome instant .
tr	PRES	" Still keeping this around , eh ? "
tr	PAST	The man provided him with more than he 'd hoped .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps extra loud .
tr	PAST	Something from deep in the burning hotel collapsed sending a shower of sparks and embers gusting over the wide porch .
tr	PAST	I visited the site several times . "
tr	PAST	She immediately drafted the man that one of Manfred 's tabloids had dubbed " The Prince of Slaughter . "
tr	PAST	As she drove home , a relaxed , comfortable feeling stole over her .
tr	PAST	Abe motioned for everyone to quiet down .
tr	PRES	His mouth opens to show a mouth full of pointed teeth .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved over her teeth , into a growl .
tr	PRES	He crushes his mouth against mine , his hand knotting painfully in my hair .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it tastes like mud .
tr	PRES	Turns out having money and not looking like a thug actually resulted in people being nice to you .
tr	PRES	As if Julia has heard his silent pleading , the bracelet begins to beep .
tr	PAST	Ron faked left , then hurled the jug .
tr	PAST	" Until you stole the Tome . "
tr	PRES	Before you stands a woman of striking beauty .
tr	PAST	A new sound of fighting commenced as the vampires engaged whatever it was that was hunting them .
tr	PRES	" See , " he turned to John on his right , " Love thyself last . "
tr	PRES	But having steeped themselves in Hall Manor for days the band felt sadness when dismantling the drum kit and amps to pack the van .
tr	PAST	" Maybe you stole my seat . "
tr	PRES	Tears prick at the backs of my lashes , and I don 't know how to stop them .
tr	PAST	I designed it based on Italian clothes worn in the year of our Lord 1570 . "
tr	PAST	Kennedy rotated the marshmallows on his own stick , being careful to keep them out of the flames .
tr	PAST	Even in the airport of the tiny island of Lanai the threat of Terrorism still lingered .
tr	PAST	A picture of George Hudson filled the screen , his information posted beside his smiling face .
tr	PAST	Instead I conjured a cloud of dark , acrid smoke and sent it swirling around Tristan .
tr	PAST	He described her what he was doing with his gently , attractive voice .
tr	PAST	She froze at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	PAST	" Says the dude who had his wife 's initials tattooed on his chest as part of his marriage proposal . "
tr	PAST	He stares at it thoughtfully for a moment before he speaks .
tr	PAST	' Are you just going to stand there , dripping against your wall , or are you going to come and put this fire out ? '
tr	PRES	He wraps up the chain and doesn 't meet my eyes .
tr	PRES	His soft brown , curly hair was damp , and his hazel eyes sparkling .
tr	PAST	The Creek restaurant , by the Brandywine Creek river , advertised a " fabulous view over the river . "
tr	PRES	" Holy shit , " Kenji whispers .
tr	PRES	He sighs and rubs his eyes .
tr	PRES	That she made the first move to touch me causes me so much relief .
tr	PRES	This Gateway shone with a blue light .
tr	PRES	" All right , thirty-five miles per hour .
tr	PAST	Her goal unfortunately was focused on Willow , who is much more than she seems , " Emerson 's eyes flicked to her .
tr	PAST	Chapter Two I fell back into my chair as the car sped on , leaving the shop and the town behind .
tr	PAST	She flicked the card with her fingernail .
tr	PAST	Had Henry experienced the same thing in his chest ?
tr	PAST	All those years as a dancer obsessing over every pound assailed her .
tr	PAST	' Then I 'll do it for you , ' I rasped , my throat closing .
tr	PRES	In case a question pops up . "
tr	PAST	Beside me , Max yawned and stretched his arms over his head .
tr	PAST	A skittering crack split the surface .
tr	PRES	" He must have gone in the water close to shore , someplace shallow , and then tried to wade ashore .
tr	PRES	Odd shaped swords and spears .
tr	PAST	In the wings , the older Darren regarded her sadly .
tr	PRES	And then another film clip plays .
tr	PRES	We sing the songs of wisdom to our children . "
tr	PAST	A raised voice from inside pierced through the door .
tr	PAST	He hurriedly stripped himself of clothing and found her propped on her elbow , watching as he returned to the bed .
tr	PRES	" The Seattle airport . "
tr	PAST	He stuffed it into his coat pocket without looking back .
tr	PRES	" Sort of ... " " Enough of the twenty questions .
tr	PRES	Not the local parish priest , but priests from all over the world .
tr	PRES	" Because you need to hit a moving target , and it probably won 't hurt me much because of the armour . "
tr	PRES	" I don , t know , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Come on , lets go meet the bus . "
tr	PAST	If she trapped Luc in that house for half a century then ... " " I don 't have time to track them down .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry about that right now , " Zane chided gently as he rubbed along the beard Ty had grown .
tr	PAST	Usually , he experienced a sense of triumph at circumnavigating a system 's security protocols ; this time he just felt hollow .
tr	PRES	Pulling me into his lap , he roughly cups my face .
tr	PAST	They were shorthanded , and I offered to help , " Devon lied , trying to cover up her mistake .
tr	PRES	He points to the medicine cabinet behind me .
tr	PAST	Even the envoys from the Northern Kingdom who were not used to work pitched in by manning the pumps as needed .
tr	PAST	The great figure of a Song Swan winged its way higher .
tr	PAST	Just outside the village , Preston steered onto a wood path on the left side .
tr	PAST	Norman collapsed on the carpet , exhausted , suddenly feeling the strain and tension in every part of his body .
tr	PAST	Thankfully , as the first telltale signs of her impending orgasm began , Seth claimed her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Ok , then I ' ll leave immediately . "
tr	PAST	I dove my fingers and my nose into her hair .
tr	PAST	He whipped out his Webley and pointed it at me .
tr	PRES	They worship a chicken ! "
tr	PAST	He hooked his leg around a suddenly free bar stool and settled in beside her .
tr	PAST	It buzzed loudly and flickered as Colton entered the room .
tr	PAST	I pressed my hands on the grass , my eyes pierced on the blood dripping from my stomach .
tr	PAST	Amidst the mayhem , Otto emerged and held up his hand .
tr	PRES	The cop pushes the paper back at Trystan , but he doesn 't take it .
tr	PAST	We stiffened , listening .
tr	PAST	The two vampires who had arrived with Orig collected his body .
tr	PRES	At my touch , electricity passes between us and it shrieks as it solidifies .
tr	PAST	The shortage of answers pecked away at me .
tr	PRES	Raine invites me to start right away , to get updated on this season 's crop of guests and the schedule .
tr	PRES	He bursts out laughing despite himself .
tr	PAST	" You don 't cook them , honey , you raise them , " Jess joked .
tr	PAST	I stormed up the staircase , anger and guilt like a pit in my stomach .
tr	PRES	The cool calm collected lies I told aboard the aircraft carrier have been replaced by this .
tr	PRES	" I have proof of other Warrior and Alchemist interactions , deals you probably don 't know about .
tr	PRES	I approve 60,000 words and you have until June . "
tr	PRES	She holds out a hand in my direction , intended to prompt me forward .
tr	PAST	He sensed he was in trouble .
tr	PAST	Jennifer cringed at her own words .
tr	PAST	He unzipped the outer pocket and extracted the small case that carried Deuce 's extra set of contacts .
tr	PAST	His smelly body heat suffocated her .
tr	PRES	Jenna whispers , again voicing what is going through my mind .
tr	PRES	" Show her what you 're made of , lass ! "
tr	PRES	The kid belong to you ? "
tr	PRES	" If you have done Egg any harm ?
tr	PRES	Found courage where none existed .
tr	PAST	Going from the lighted hall to the relative gloom of the parking area cost me some vision , and I stood still to let my eyes adjust .
tr	PRES	One of my father 's colleagues even comments on how he wouldn 't be surprised if I leave them on someone 's doorstep .
tr	PAST	Out of the steam emerged Professor Foxton , dressed in a white bathrobe , with his hair slicked back .
tr	PAST	He caressed her skin below her Collar .
tr	PAST	That sobered the Gods .
tr	PAST	Trevor and Pigeon munched on the donuts Ziggy had provided .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh at his side .
tr	PAST	No bumper stickers , relatively recently washed .
tr	PAST	Everything in the park around them slowed to a crawl , like a fly trapped in syrup .
tr	PAST	A testosterone menace in a tiny little towel , " she sniffed , but there humor in her voice .
tr	PAST	The balance of the world hinged upon it .
tr	PAST	His voice alone slowed my heart rate .
tr	PAST	Celaena adjusted the position of her legs and rolled her neck .
tr	PAST	He parks one meaty palm on the wall above my head and leans over me .
tr	PAST	He glided across the cave , his shirt floating to the floor as he made his way to the rock and came up close behind her .
tr	PRES	I push people aside until I am right in front of him , my hand resting on the screen .
tr	PAST	She calculated how fast she could make it to the opening of the tent .
tr	PAST	She much preferred the homey upstairs apartment she rented .
tr	PRES	Not that it bothers me .
tr	PAST	He regarded her for a moment then chuckled but did not move .
tr	PAST	April adjusted her reading glasses and bent over the table to study the doll shawl .
tr	PRES	Down below that line I read a smaller text that says " Baby delivered prematurely , mother remains in coma . "
tr	PRES	My chest rises and falls and she 's looking at me with such a challenging stare , and so much want in her blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Thirty minutes later the man limped back into the room and approached the bed .
tr	PAST	His uncle extended his hand and Ryan took it , going so far as to pull him closer and pat him on the back .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Jesus .
tr	PAST	Without appearing to notice them , Vimes crouched and whirled the sword around in a circle .
tr	PAST	Understanding shadowed her eyes , but still she didn 't take the bag .
tr	PAST	Bob plopped back into the worn black leather chair and put his feet up .
tr	PAST	" Come , sit down , " he urged , and sat beside her , his arm sliding around her shoulders to draw her close .
tr	PAST	" Tell me , " enquired the DAC .
tr	PRES	A gentle , cool caress along my check brings me to the present .
tr	PAST	They are whatever they want to be , I surmised .
tr	PRES	I sees the pirate has downed men all over its decks .
tr	PRES	He never likes it when she does and neither does Max .
tr	PAST	The things I found online , " Yolanda exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Serena glances at her .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I sat on the love seat while Anna Ash made coffee .
tr	PRES	Cain 's low , gravelly rumble cut through her fear just enough to keep her steady .
tr	PAST	She stifled a scream as she tried to pull away from them , her desperate eyes searching for an escape .
tr	PRES	He loves me the most . "
tr	PAST	She is sitting up , her leg propped on a stack of pillows .
tr	PAST	Somebody loves me , " he exclaimed .
tr	PAST	No longer able to hold my breath , I exhaled just a bit , thousands of needles prickling my chest .
tr	PRES	He returns the salutation .
tr	PRES	FSS stands for Federation Service Ship .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands in front of his chest and tapped his thumbs together .
tr	PAST	A warm laugh caressed the air between them .
tr	PAST	Not only did they refuse to help her , they stole her concentration , preventing her from helping herself .
tr	PAST	" FOUR MINUTES , " the voice finally announced , and , as if reading his mind , the speaker gave him the incentive to act .
tr	PRES	" Go , relax .
tr	PRES	" He loves you .
tr	PRES	" Sugar and Spice wears everything nice . "
tr	PAST	This one clutched a sword in one claw , and two spiraling horns grew out of its head like some horrible crown .
tr	PRES	In my case , I personify temptation , and appeal to your selfish motivations . "
tr	PAST	Acting lessons cost a lot of money , and people told them that having a baby didn 't come cheap either .
tr	PRES	She stands there in the centre , glancing around .
tr	PAST	Mikey eyed Paul , who 'd stayed planted to the bar , waiting for me the past six hours .
tr	PAST	His feather light touch on her thighs reassured and coaxed her to open for him .
tr	PAST	After Claire showed me the bathroom and helped me lug my suitcases into my room , she plopped down on my bed .
tr	PAST	Before he went to lunch , Gregor washed up in the bathroom and put on fresh clothes .
tr	PRES	If I present salty food for you to eat , you detect that the food isn 't sweet .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the frequency and caught a few words that were quickly swallowed again .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " Dina mutters .
tr	PAST	" Excellent , " rasped the bird faery as the two crows flapped their wings and hopped to its hunched shoulders .
tr	PRES	She folds a pair of shorts up and places them in the suitcase .
tr	PRES	I immediately swing around and look at Eddie .
tr	PAST	As he worked his magic with his tongue , his fingers toyed with the strap of my bra , tugging gently .
tr	PRES	She tries to speak : " Bron , I. . .
tr	PRES	Time passes and the sun climbs high in the sky .
tr	PRES	Her hands tremble , so she squeezes them into fists and rubs them against her thighs .
tr	PAST	Not seeing the remote , Louise stomped over and pulled the plug .
tr	PAST	The rat yawned and opened her eyes .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , nodded .
tr	PRES	" Of course I do , mistress .
tr	PRES	Driving down to Malibu with carefree abandon ?
tr	PRES	Where - " The ship lurches .
tr	PRES	Then you always begged her to take you inside .
tr	PRES	" It all stems from that .
tr	PRES	" That changes everything . "
tr	PRES	Lola frowns at the reminder of where her sister was raised .
tr	PRES	I Google map directions , and I 'm on my bike and pedaling down the road in less than a minute .
tr	PRES	I could also swim good , but at our school , swimmers were pansies .
tr	PAST	Tristan preferred to inflict his own pain .
tr	PRES	One flap down and it would be out of his reach .
tr	PAST	Her clothes split , shredding into tatters that fell away from her body .
tr	PRES	One of the guys sees him and does and exaggerated grimace while the others notice and laugh .
tr	PRES	She wears it . "
tr	PAST	The light dimmed with a couple of people blocking the opening .
tr	PRES	At last , she pushes the door open and quietly says , " Come in . "
tr	PAST	The fashions ranged from shorts and T-shirts to fancy party dresses and suits and ties .
tr	PAST	For the next few days the mouse served as my nurse , again .
tr	PRES	" Jessica , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	Instead they drain you of your powers , making themselves stronger for their next encounter .
tr	PRES	Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle , a body drifts in with a high tide .
tr	PRES	" District Queens ? "
tr	PRES	March 's friend Surge towers over Dina , looking ready to clobber her .
tr	PAST	I secured the door and briefly glanced out the window to assure myself of an escape route before I joined her .
tr	PRES	I strain against the restraints holding my arms and legs in place , but I can 't stop him .
tr	PRES	" Old friends from college , " Robert said , awe in his voice .
tr	PAST	" I think I 've got a text , " he lied to Emma , as he took out his phone and pressed the volume button .
tr	PRES	" Oh God , you reek of whiskey . "
tr	PAST	His gaze immediately zeroed in on the young woman seated behind a huge walnut desk in front of a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Gray , but I don 't feel like swearing right now .
tr	PAST	Maddie 's russet curls bounced and she sniffled and raised her chubby hand to the left side of her head , near the crown .
tr	PAST	I rummaged in my purse and took out my phone then looked for the picture in archive and turned the phone toward him .
tr	PRES	" Okay , let me see , " Will begins .
tr	PAST	" Your pet lizard ? "
tr	PAST	Logan 's frown deepened as his eyes went to my cheek .
tr	PRES	Will wraps his arms around me just as I start to collapse to the floor and cry .
tr	PRES	" Those scones ready ? "
tr	PAST	He could her Naomi 's breaths and when the blood dripped from his fingertips onto the sheets , he withdrew .
tr	PRES	You snuck your way into my life and before I knew it , I couldn 't get rid of you , even if I wanted to . "
tr	PAST	She squinted up at me without a word , without showing any inclination to get up .
tr	PRES	He pushes me back onto the pool table .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I try to open my eyes , but it hurts to move .
tr	PAST	Huge beyond reason , the cavern extended forward and opened into a chamber beyond .
tr	PAST	" Keep that opinion to yourself , " the big man rumbled .
tr	PAST	The man 's friends chided him for his bad luck .
tr	PRES	In fact , he sees most of this in here as punishment fo ' that .
tr	PRES	" I must admit , what you say bears some merit .
tr	PRES	His foot twisted out from under him with a sickening crack as he landed and he swore , irritated .
tr	PRES	" What crime ? "
tr	PAST	he rasped desperately , watching his whole life take a tumble into water that he knew couldn 't be more than forty degrees .
tr	PRES	His cheeks shine in the pale light as he helps attach the delicate bracelet to my wrist .
tr	PRES	Jason slides his hand over his bald scalp as he slowly stands .
tr	PRES	' Male change of clothes , medical supplies , maps ... ' Looks like he had one for himself and one for a woman .
tr	PAST	The old man grunted .
tr	PRES	" And hotter chicks .
tr	PAST	It matched the green of his eyes and made his long hair look like a wave of fire that gave the illusion of warmth .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she mumbled as she slipped into the back of the vehicle .
tr	PRES	" If you can get reception . "
tr	PAST	Reed stiffened at the sound of the familiar purring voice .
tr	PAST	Hugh grappled along the side for balance .
tr	PAST	As they followed , Cheyenne adjusted her beanie to keep her hair out of her eyes and blew on her hands .
tr	PAST	He tugged , but he could not free his limb .
tr	PRES	" What text ? "
tr	PAST	But suddenly , Isaac tensed and jumped to his feet .
tr	PAST	When he saw her expression , he backtracked .
tr	PAST	And he dreamed , in familiar gestures .
tr	PRES	" He considers me his best friend , so I 'd say so . "
tr	PRES	The study begins ... now .
tr	PRES	The truth , of course , lies somewhere in the middle .
tr	PAST	At last she alighted from the warm carriage and into the humid air .
tr	PAST	Pook grunted and flapped a hand at Geo as the line started moving , freezing mist falling on the unwashed heads , another season complete .
tr	PRES	Cautiously moving toward the middle door , she briefly glances back to find Rift 's vacant eyes locked upon her .
tr	PRES	And the kids somehow magically feed off each other 's energy , each consuming and mirroring the other 's .
tr	PAST	Then he withdrew , back towards the doors where the priests had gone after performing their auspices , moments before .
tr	PAST	I turned around to see Micah standing behind me , one eyebrow cocked .
tr	PAST	He announced , thinking of his own father 's view .
tr	PRES	They crave our flesh and blood , " Dread , unlike any I have ever experienced slithers down my spine .
tr	PRES	She always helps to keep my toys together .
tr	PRES	" Girl ok for you ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted it , but desperation had set in .
tr	PRES	But if I don 't even feel comfortable tel ing my best friends about it , how could I tel Ty ?
tr	PRES	When we 're moving , he reaches to brush his fingers down my arm , over the place where my scratches are now fading .
tr	PAST	Apparently , she absorbed his complete attention and he didn 't even say a word .
tr	PRES	The book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be distributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	It crushed Pardon 's throat . "
tr	PRES	She offers me the urn , then takes a deep breath .
tr	PAST	" Shall we get started , " his voice boomed .
tr	PAST	When Avalon jumped down from his truck , several teenage boys exited the barn entrance and made their way over to us .
tr	PRES	He 'd just showered , his hair still damp as he pulled on a pair of cotton pajama bottoms .
tr	PRES	Emma giggled , finally able to relax .
tr	PRES	Eddie glances toward Kiersten , finally noticing the extra person seated at the table .
tr	PAST	She sped up , hard , fast strokes designed to massage and caress .
tr	PAST	Bullets scored the concrete at my feet .
tr	PAST	The corners of his mouth curved up as he looked at me .
tr	PRES	" Oh Zane . "
tr	PAST	They stripped her pack off and roughly patted down her cargo pockets on her pants .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Mason .
tr	PRES	" Ryan loves you .
tr	PRES	When you are in a darker mood , it storms here . "
tr	PAST	A quiet man who was fierce in battle yet bore no grudges and was slow to temper .
tr	PAST	She pinched her forehead between her thumb and her forefinger .
tr	PRES	Over the next twenty minutes , she removes three of the cigar boxes from under the bed and takes them to her car .
tr	PAST	" You 're mean , " she mumbled , resting her head against his chest and taking in his intoxicating scent .
tr	PRES	" Better protection . "
tr	PAST	Iseo feared he would move toward her too quickly , but he regaled her with the political tale of the day .
tr	PAST	He doubted that it would prevent them from achieving a laser lock , but it might delay it long enough .
tr	PRES	" Only the ones that look like they belong in Playboy magazine . "
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the stage where someone was doing an awesome job of singing Genie in a Bottle by Christina Aguilera .
tr	PRES	Single file , into a bottleneck .
tr	PAST	And now fantasy and reality merged .
tr	PAST	Kylie gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	He prayed that something would divert Alain 's attention and allow him to slip away .
tr	PAST	Several thin bracelets , she noticed , pierced the skin of his upper arms .
tr	PAST	I smacked the side of the machine .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PAST	She emerged from the alleyway , leaving the posh and snobbish shopping area behind and entering the world of the blue-collar workers and the artisans .
tr	PAST	She propped an elbow up on the bar and leaned her face against her hand as she studied him .
tr	PAST	I scooted over to her and put my arm around her shoulder .
tr	PRES	Delay , stagnation , postponement , indecision .
tr	PRES	I wipe the grease stain off my cheek , and follow my dad into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" God still loves you , son , and wants the best for you .
tr	PRES	Nothing beneficial anyway . "
tr	PAST	Damien sniffed the air , swiveling his head .
tr	PRES	I fold into him , wrapping my hands around his waist and pulling him toward me tightly .
tr	PRES	Someone falls to the floor , screaming .
tr	PRES	Grabbing his wrist Odin stops Loki mid swing .
tr	PRES	All they 've taught us -- everything we thought was true -- all lies ? "
tr	PAST	" That 's right , " she countered .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Merrick !
tr	PRES	" And tell Hiro if you can .
tr	PAST	I sniffed my shoulders as I undressed , but I couldn 't smell anything but the brine and seaweed scent of the ocean .
tr	PAST	He tugged the second blanket over the top of them since the night had grown cool .
tr	PAST	Grief and self pity washed over him .
tr	PAST	I shuffled out to the front room where Janet was playing solitaire at the table .
tr	PAST	He flicked a glance at me discreetly .
tr	PRES	It nearly kills me to say it , but I do it anyway .
tr	PAST	Hot , velvet skin sucked her in , tempting her beyond reason .
tr	PAST	Funny how you can get absorbed by physical activity and wind up zoning out of everything else .
tr	PRES	Bouncer 's sudden outburst rattles me .
tr	PRES	You belong to me .
tr	PAST	Beale leaped to open the front door while it was still intact .
tr	PAST	But she quickly stripped them off and put on her robe so he wouldn 't know that .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand and he grasped it .
tr	PAST	I always dreamed like that .
tr	PRES	" Bye , " she returns .
tr	PAST	A thick metal chain secured the trap to a tree , keeping the gryphon from flying away .
tr	PAST	" You may go , " the sergeant stated and the boy and his brother bolted for an exit .
tr	PAST	As it came out , its wings automatically extended into their optimal launch position .
tr	PRES	he asked , voice husky .
tr	PRES	And more tropical plants .
tr	PAST	The celebrations ceased immediately as the crew saw their commander 's inconsolable expression .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted with her pearl necklace until the doors opened .
tr	PRES	" The girl 's master is not here to correct her , Salem .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PAST	Aunt Elinor provided the answer as she bustled in with a serf carrying platters of hot food as well as a small bowl and cloth .
tr	PRES	Slowly walking to the other end of the platform , he scrutinized the prisoners .
tr	PRES	His near-miss still terrifies me .
tr	PAST	Olsson grunted and jerked backwards .
tr	PRES	Watching you heal . "
tr	PRES	He now sees my true character , that of a selfish , self-destructive individual .
tr	PAST	Steve described the layout , similar to the Care Center without the nurses ' station .
tr	PRES	" Glad you approve , captain . "
tr	PAST	He propped a couple of pillows up under her head and then braced his knees on either side , straddling her body .
tr	PRES	" Sorry I ruined dinner . "
tr	PAST	The fire spread quickly , fanned by the breeze blowing through .
tr	PRES	You must find a way , Link , " she sighs , her muscles suddenly relaxing .
tr	PRES	He snuck a quick look at her face , wondering how in the hell she 'd known about this place , this personal sanctuary of his .
tr	PAST	" That was Bastien , " Etienne announced .
tr	PRES	Tia joins me a minute later , in a pair of loose cotton trousers and a holey cardigan she 'd never wear outside of the house .
tr	PAST	Dozens of arched windows emerged , broken up into wavy panes of glass .
tr	PRES	" No more lies between us , okay ?
tr	PRES	" May you rot in hell . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you for everything , sis .
tr	PRES	" You were too involved with Colby to see anything else , " Norah teased and then sighed .
tr	PRES	She tastes it and her eyelids flutter in ecstasy .
tr	PRES	If she were actually a seer . "
tr	PRES	So , we commence with the Eternal Codex . "
tr	PRES	" Have fun , C. " He winks at her as we pass through the main doors .
tr	PRES	" Herr 'D on ! "
tr	PAST	Then I replaced it in the boy 's room .
tr	PRES	Shark glances up as we close in on him .
tr	PAST	The spotlight prowled the ground overhead .
tr	PAST	With two vicious but careful slashes she disarmed him a second time .
tr	PAST	My belief in God strengthened in an instant .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and stared at her .
tr	PAST	" Then I won 't go , " I countered .
tr	PRES	Bex stood up , pul ing me with him , using his body as a shield .
tr	PAST	" I already knew that , " I scoffed .
tr	PAST	She stares at the stack while music pumps through a speaker above .
tr	PAST	He eyed the house , then her , the wheels of his logical brain almost visibly turning .
tr	PRES	" To ... shopping for a billionaire ! "
tr	PRES	barely drifts in down the tunnel to us .
tr	PAST	His scent swirled through her senses , urging her to return his kiss .
tr	PRES	His hand touches my forearm .
tr	PAST	On pure intuition I stalked to the front of the house , gathering up my things on the way .
tr	PAST	" Anyway , I dreamed that I saw a huge , tall man .
tr	PAST	The maintenance road curved down and around the pump station over a small ditch , and a pipe culvert that flowed into the sump .
tr	PAST	The pygmies engaged in a lively discussion among themselves , trying to decide what Amy 's arrival meant .
tr	PRES	" Sh ... she hates m. .
tr	PAST	The subject presses a button and the elapsed time is measured .
tr	PRES	" Thanks ... " Cherie whispers as I exit her apartment .
tr	PRES	Dad wraps his left hand around his right wrist .
tr	PAST	Nick swirled his drink and considered both before answering .
tr	PRES	Time passes slowly on watch at night but he was comfortable with it now .
tr	PAST	Pain seized my heart .
tr	PAST	Her eyes , as blue as the sky , regarded him intently .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table again , stroking my hand .
tr	PAST	Cameron flicked his gaze up and down her frock .
tr	PAST	Amelia had sensed it before , but her brother 's words confirmed her suspicions .
tr	PAST	He tugged her down three flights of stairs then through three rooms until she was pushed into a dining room .
tr	PAST	Aphrodite dealt two more cards to each man and Isaac picked them up without much hope .
tr	PRES	I chuckle and grind into her .
tr	PAST	The dining room windows shattered .
tr	PAST	" My participation was only to protect you and your reputation in this town , " Cecily claimed .
tr	PRES	Light shone through several small square windows .
tr	PRES	His slow chuckles evolve into a hysterical tirade of laughter , spilling his beer on the table .
tr	PRES	He holds a flashlight out to me .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head toward the van .
tr	PRES	Plutarch enters some sort of code on a keyboard , and lights begin to flash .
tr	PAST	She melded against him , loving the feel of his hard body .
tr	PAST	The worm piled up everything shiny it could find .
tr	PAST	Jennifer dove through the door , rolling onto the grass outside .
tr	PAST	A dot of light lanced up .
tr	PAST	The sphere rotated , and the docking port slowly came into view .
tr	PAST	But he feared he had an uphill battle ahead of him .
tr	PAST	She navigated the screen and then handed the phone to Adam .
tr	PRES	" And a word of advice , Director .
tr	PAST	He plopped down under a tree and helped himself to gulps from his flask .
tr	PRES	As such , we feed only on exiles , those who have been banished to the mortal realm .
tr	PAST	Rachel sensed a standoff between them .
tr	PRES	Hopefully Nicole sees me with her .
tr	PRES	" Are you feeling okay , Princess ? "
tr	PRES	The door opens once again , a figure standing there as she 's lit from the lights behind her .
tr	PAST	Adams thanked her and left a note on Sam 's desk .
tr	PRES	" Gods , I missed you , Iz . "
tr	PAST	I mirrored his smile , grateful I hadn 't received an impatient scowl .
tr	PRES	And a d ? "
tr	PAST	Later dances proved more complicated ; Amira had to apologize several times for stepping on feet .
tr	PAST	I crumpled the paper back up and threw it at him .
tr	PRES	" I told them you 're a lawyer working with me , " he whispers as I scribble one of my names .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	He tries to be nice about it , but it 's clear he 's trying to back away from Juliette , and yeah , she notices .
tr	PAST	A tiny voice taunted from the far corners of her brain that she 'd misjudged Kent .
tr	PRES	" Yes , your highness . "
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth , blowing out a breath between them .
tr	PAST	She uttered the one word that delved straight to the crux of the matter , the only question that really mattered right then .
tr	PAST	Her running shoes squished as she walked down the aisle between the rows of stalls .
tr	PRES	" Kadie , really . "
tr	PAST	Marron pretended to be terrified .
tr	PRES	Dedication The dedication of this book belongs solely to my wife .
tr	PAST	I crawled under the sheet next to him , relaxing my cheek against his bare chest .
tr	PAST	I blanched , " No !
tr	PAST	It banked hard in one direction , and then immediately dropped .
tr	PAST	" Ian underestimated me , but he didn 't take advantage of me .
tr	PAST	Madoc prowled closer and lowered his voice so no one else could hear .
tr	PAST	Just then the guard received a transmission over his radio that said , " Let him by , Alfred .
tr	PRES	" Any unusual prints around the house ? "
tr	PRES	" He needs those of us he trusts to see the arrow flying towards him before it hits .
tr	PAST	The trees around us rustled in the breeze .
tr	PRES	History remembers kings not mercenaries , knights or warriors .
tr	PAST	Quinn tugged at Lexa 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	She inhaled shaky breaths and tried to calm herself .
tr	PAST	Even if he 'd programmed his phone number into her cell phone , she sensed the finality in the kiss .
tr	PAST	Karen quickly zipped her suitcase shut and carried it out to the entrance hallway where David 's bag was already placed .
tr	PRES	" Until tomorrow , Abigail .
tr	PAST	Count Lucien tipped his plumed hat to the crowd .
tr	PAST	His voice caressed her .
tr	PRES	The sun shone through the break in beams .
tr	PAST	Alice grunted and took a large swallow of her coffee .
tr	PRES	When she put her foot down on something in the path , her ankle suddenly twisted out from under her .
tr	PRES	They salute me and Tyson extends his arm for me to link it with him .
tr	PAST	Nicole immediately selected a piece of bread , split it open and slathered butter on the steaming center .
tr	PRES	He disappears down the hallway again .
tr	PRES	He whispers the words in my ear , his breath hot against my cheek .
tr	PRES	Staggering to his feet , he yelled , " Clean that shit up ! "
tr	PRES	We harvest twenty-seven primary molecules .
tr	PRES	" He likes to travel and meet new people . "
tr	PRES	One swing he took with a foot at my ribcage .
tr	PRES	When they are in their female cycles , I provide the strong arms and male assurances for them . "
tr	PAST	The bird screeched as the shark 's body , gray and slick , slashed against the kayak , then plunked with a large splash into the water .
tr	PRES	She sees so playful and easy to talk to .
tr	PAST	She trusted him completely .
tr	PAST	Blue light emerged from my body , and then something strong erupted past my veins like a volcano .
tr	PRES	A gate stands between us and the temple .
tr	PAST	His body replayed images of her responsive kiss over and over again until his only solace was whiskey .
tr	PAST	The machine created ... " " ... an image , like a playground park with swinging swings and a downward slide .
tr	PAST	The color fled his face .
tr	PAST	" You made Leo , " the man countered .
tr	PAST	Irritation pricked at my skin .
tr	PRES	Mine , he mouths , and I nod .
tr	PRES	" Your badge ... ? "
tr	PAST	Mason charged after him .
tr	PRES	The trail led from a car parked on the shoulder of Parkside Avenue , its flashers blinking .
tr	PAST	I froze when I noticed the figure concealed on the front porch .
tr	PRES	Temple stops and falls to her knees on the still wet and overgrown grass of the front lawn .
tr	PRES	Please , " she begged .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver , figuring she was going to need a lot more than luck .
tr	PAST	I crouch down behind the lab table and focus my mind on making myself visible again .
tr	PRES	' Perhaps , Detective Love , but for one thing . '
tr	PRES	Ari chuckles while shaking her head .
tr	PRES	Danny relaxes a little .
tr	PRES	I punch his arm .
tr	PAST	" Your skin tastes like honey , " he rasped against me , his breath fanning over my damp and pouting nipple .
tr	PAST	" True ... Plus , I messed around with him freshman year .
tr	PAST	Reyes 's body jolted and Lucien 's head was thrown back .
tr	PAST	When Clay saw it sitting majestically on the ramp at Reagan National , his heart leaped and his pulse took off .
tr	PAST	He transferred his mouth to her throat while he undid the hooks on the back of her bodice .
tr	PRES	Considering the state and style of the decor , I assume it was furnished forty years ago .
tr	PRES	" Pretty unlike you to have such a low balance .
tr	PAST	I sped through intersections , diving deeper into the suburban city , my destination so unclear but set in stone .
tr	PAST	Ice glazed the mirror over the fireplace , formed a crust over the carpet .
tr	PRES	" How about changes in hair ?
tr	PAST	Kate and Kennedy giggled like teenagers and passed it around .
tr	PRES	They text each other dirty messages , pictures , and whatnot . "
tr	PAST	Crouching like a cat , Quin leaped into the volcanic , fiery entrance to hell .
tr	PAST	I stiffened as Tristan 's hands came down on my shoulders .
tr	PAST	But the perpetrator always eluded law enforcement .
tr	PAST	Fallon emerged from the kitchen .
tr	PRES	And she throws up more .
tr	PAST	Jacques ' solid form wavered , became transparent .
tr	PRES	Satisfaction and regret mingle in my heart , but I refuse to turn back .
tr	PRES	" You spiked it to screw with us , right ? "
tr	PRES	Nick nodded , rol ing his eyes .
tr	PRES	It sells them on consignment . "
tr	PRES	" Realistically speaking , anything that won 't kill me , " I chuckle .
tr	PAST	Mikaela limped toward her daughter .
tr	PAST	After half a mile he slowed to a walk and looked behind him to see if she had followed .
tr	PAST	" He said ' couldn 't , ' " he exclaimed , " as in physically unable to speak .
tr	PRES	" If you insist , buy me one of those small trees the grocery store sells in the flower pots .
tr	PAST	Beth 's long , dark hair floated across her shoulders as she turned back to face him .
tr	PAST	Mark cocked his head .
tr	PAST	I persisted : " She works here . "
tr	PRES	He points to my palm .
tr	PAST	The End About Prom Impossible 1 girl + 1 prom + 3 guys = Prom Impossible !
tr	PAST	I grunted , rubbing the barely there sore spot on my arm .
tr	PAST	I doubted that anyone else on his football team knew that .
tr	PRES	He enters before I can ready myself for it .
tr	PRES	Instead , we devote ourselves to study and the ancient philosophies .
tr	PRES	Duncan approaches my fellow prince .
tr	PRES	he whispers , as we make our way out of the main entry of the resort , into the brisk night air .
tr	PAST	Standing again , I bounced on my feet .
tr	PRES	" You can 't have it , " I sneer , taking a step away from the window .
tr	PRES	" What brings you and your father here ? "
tr	PRES	" Short swords ! "
tr	PAST	Sensing that he might bring up the party in order to jog her memory , she pretended to have figured out who he was .
tr	PRES	When he isn 't making sense , I revert to his original name .
tr	PRES	When another turn comes up , I lean again .
tr	PAST	I crawled over to Mom , who coughed and wheezed in the cold air .
tr	PAST	It almost shattered me when I thought I 'd lose him , and you .
tr	PAST	One that left him shaken , and more , puzzled him .
tr	PAST	I gritted out , " REMOVE . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm looking out for you , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	Then it occurs to me .
tr	PAST	After a moment , the two ceased and ran forward , still sweeping their weapons back and forth .
tr	PAST	" What crawled up her butt and put her in such a sunny disposition ? "
tr	PAST	And she very much doubted that phantoms were the only nasties that were waiting to crawl out of the shadows .
tr	PRES	Alex 's voice alarms me as he enters the room .
tr	PAST	I 'll kill you , " she shrieked .
tr	PAST	It was swinging open , the doorframe busted .
tr	PAST	Her stomach pitched , but she couldn 't frighten Kirstie by throwing up .
tr	PAST	Tucker proved his understanding of the need for privacy by asking another question .
tr	PAST	No one bothered me .
tr	PRES	It never ceases to surprise me how a mob can get so blood thirsty in a matter of minutes .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved up briefly before she frowned .
tr	PAST	As Billy rolled up his sleeves , Ned shuffled up .
tr	PAST	For three months no one dared to talk about it .
tr	PRES	Surely you belong with us , for in fact many already have started moving food to the plateaus .
tr	PRES	And now ... now ... " Give me time alone , " Nicola choked out to her guards .
tr	PRES	" This coin ... this one was minted in 1992 . "
tr	PAST	There was a matching recliner , an intricately carved coffee table made of crystals from all over the world .
tr	PRES	" The twelve , " it said , " long since gone to dust . "
tr	PAST	" Anyway ... " He tipped the bottle in my direction as if in thought , working something out .
tr	PRES	" The usual , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	He lingered , to watch her bustle sway as she walked the last few steps to the door .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to all Nephilim .
tr	PRES	She pops another one into her mouth , chews enthusiastically .
tr	PAST	" You 're really serious about this girl , " she accused , staring up at me with her big blue eyes .
tr	PRES	For the time draws near .
tr	PAST	She sensed him looking at her but couldn 't make eye contact .
tr	PAST	but to these questions I received no reply , only that new odd statement over again : " The tree promised . "
tr	PAST	Then he caressed the words of that last sentence until they shone as brightly as the apple the serpent offered Eve .
tr	PAST	So I hooked one leg over the side of the Dumpster , then the other one .
tr	PRES	" Ahh ... " Em giggles .
tr	PRES	Pauling asked , " Where now ? "
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	She groped and found her keys , then sprinted down his porch steps and across the yard , hardly feeling the cold .
tr	PAST	A split second later , the fragile bulb shattered into a thousand pieces .
tr	PAST	I tugged at his hand , and he followed .
tr	PRES	Curled nostrils , pinched brows , mouths wide and canines glinting .
tr	PAST	She sniffed into my hair .
tr	PRES	Oh , one of Mom 's pet hates . "
tr	PAST	Blonde hair strewn across her delicately carved face beckoned him to her side .
tr	PRES	Serena digs in her heels , resisting the forced momentum .
tr	PAST	Jane created a new flyer for Plain Jane 's Good Clean Houses and printed them out .
tr	PRES	My Uncle deals directly with customers off the street .
tr	PRES	" Very manly . "
tr	PAST	The rogues , six of them in total shuffled .
tr	PRES	" Aye , we are , Missy . "
tr	PAST	Her slender arms circled his neck , and she buried her face in the comfort of his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Besides he loves Akane . "
tr	PAST	My jaw tightened , my teeth gritted .
tr	PRES	His mouth twisted into distorted shapes , and it looked like he was fighting for control of his own body .
tr	PAST	Dane pinched a cracker between his fingers in front of her .
tr	PAST	I stripped out of my clothes and put them on a chair that was tucked away in the corner of the room .
tr	PRES	When he saw the butterflies , Jake stopped , his face suddenly stern .
tr	PRES	It remains a mystery .
tr	PRES	He lets out a low whistle , " Yeah , this cut is worse than it was yesterday . "
tr	PRES	Tasker throws down the last empty drum in disgust .
tr	PAST	Jazz angrily slapped the cell phone back on her belt , tossed the coffee cups and headed home .
tr	PAST	She twirled a lock of hair and stared out the back door .
tr	PRES	A silent beat passes .
tr	PAST	His dad acted that way to everyone present , including his wife .
tr	PRES	Nevermore lets out a series of harsh cries before settling back down the ground not too far away from me .
tr	PRES	I hesitate before answering her , the look she is giving me says that whatever I answer , my credibility is in question .
tr	PRES	Everyone grants that you 're a brilliant businesswoman .
tr	PAST	He crouched down , looking up blankly at the huge spider , his hands stroking unconsciously at the sand .
tr	PRES	He is a spineless , rimless zero .
tr	PAST	They no longer provided solace for his mind .
tr	PRES	My gaze snaps up and I quickly scan the room .
tr	PAST	The stocky secret service agent again bore Jacy 's luggage for her .
tr	PAST	We negotiated a fair price and shook hands on it .
tr	PAST	The phone appears in front of me , her hand extended over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	As we draw nearer , the sight before us freezes us in our tracks .
tr	PRES	' The kid that draws the comics .
tr	PAST	But I bounced off like a wrestler on the ropes and went right back at him .
tr	PRES	Not going to happen , dumbass .
tr	PRES	Standing in front of her , Luc braced his legs apart .
tr	PRES	Jack 's agony transfers to me as he hugs me tight .
tr	PRES	Kent pushes the first door open .
tr	PAST	He lingered , telling himself Robyn would have an answer , or the Head Mage would come to his rescue .
tr	PRES	Not you too , " I snap .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat to me and took off .
tr	PRES	" Is Winnie out ? "
tr	PRES	" The guys who fly the space shuttle .
tr	PRES	The reporter pushes for more .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Mitch .
tr	PAST	Jake and Alec hooted laughter .
tr	PRES	Lori glances at me over her shoulder , lifting an eyebrow , but she doesn 't comment .
tr	PAST	' My men have looked at every brand , horses and cattle alike , that 's gone past here , ' the lieutenant claimed .
tr	PAST	She touches her swollen stomach , looking upset .
tr	PRES	" Maybe if you stop talking for a minute , " I teased .
tr	PAST	" Here 's to responsibility , " he toasted .
tr	PAST	I caved to pressure a bit , which is one of the reasons I 'm a teacher .
tr	PAST	Tavi 's frown deepened .
tr	PAST	" We aren 't married -- Not a damn thing has been settled between us , " he announced , as though this should be shocking news .
tr	PRES	And the stranger 's disrespectful and careless mention of what he called , " your ass ... your gorgeous ass ... slap that ass of yours . "
tr	PAST	Kiran mumbled under his breath before he resumed walking .
tr	PRES	Wes wraps his arm around my waist , holding me back from getting any closer .
tr	PAST	" I 'll second that , " Aram exclaimed as heartily as his small frame would allow .
tr	PAST	After she read it , she just sort of crumpled .
tr	PRES	So many stitches inside and out , and when his chest was done she still wasn 't finished .
tr	PRES	He bangs the glass with his hand , and I grip the armrest as restraints clamp down on my forearms .
tr	PAST	Fury panicked at the question .
tr	PAST	Getting anything but cursory information on the Starbucks bombing incident required tunneling into government files .
tr	PAST	I sensed it , more from the way she wouldn 't meet my eye and the thick tension that filled the room than anything else .
tr	PAST	Jane scrolled through her phone and found the number .
tr	PAST	His father grunted his approval .
tr	PRES	Instead , I settle for sitting on the outskirts of the meadow .
tr	PAST	" Without a doubt , " I reassured him .
tr	PRES	His mouth curves to a pout .
tr	PRES	she screamed , her pigtails bouncing up and down as she jumped .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	She dumped me with my uncle when I was ten .
tr	PAST	I ambled into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator .
tr	PAST	The sound of water dripping mingled with the accelerated rhythm of their hearts .
tr	PRES	Without answering she begins to run ... .
tr	PAST	I elbowed her , which made me feel a little better .
tr	PAST	The first three times we did , Adam stole .
tr	PAST	My hands cinched around her waist as I buried my head in her shoulder , and continued my wracking , tortured crying .
tr	PRES	" Now you insult me .
tr	PRES	" A wife belongs with her husband . "
tr	PAST	With the sub still submerged , he announced this quietly to Tucker , who squeezed into the cockpit .
tr	PAST	Rachel scooted around so that she was on her knees beside me on the sofa .
tr	PAST	Giggling like a schoolgirl , she giddily twirled around the dance floor until her daughter 's booming voice interrupted her progress .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't I warn you about missing more school ?
tr	PAST	" You lied to me .
tr	PAST	She inched a little closer , trying to seem casual and relaxed .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " I murmur , squirming against him , wanting him deeper in me , sucking me off , taking me all the way .
tr	PAST	As a company of light infantry went by he flicked his cigar among the marchers .
tr	PRES	" Expecting guests ? "
tr	PRES	" And getting married , " I add .
tr	PRES	Looking toward his destination he sees a large amount of smoke floating into the sky .
tr	PAST	The chaos within the elevator slowed with every second ticking past , and Paul was able to get a better handle on his environment .
tr	PRES	She lets out a spiteful laugh .
tr	PAST	Skylar regarded him with concern .
tr	PRES	" There now , " he said , his Norse accent smooth and lilting .
tr	PRES	Xavier uses you against him .
tr	PAST	" Now , break up into pairs and practice , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	The crew stowed their masks in the gig room equipment chest and jumped to their tasks .
tr	PRES	" The same silver that kills you , kills me . "
tr	PRES	" We have to talk , " he states gruffly .
tr	PRES	He points at the elevator .
tr	PRES	' Build houses with thick walls and stout roofs . '
tr	PRES	The sharp echo of the gavel brings me back to the cold room and the hard bench .
tr	PAST	Creatures of myths roamed freely here , and plants that no longer flourished in the mortal realm grew to staggering heights in Olympus .
tr	PAST	In typical fashion , Ares barged onward , up the wide steps and to the front doors .
tr	PRES	That heart carries emotions to either encourage you to a better life or corrupt your mind into malice .
tr	PAST	Madeline cocked her head curiously , but Laurel looked like she knew what Emma was about to say .
tr	PRES	" Tomorrow 's not good for me - " " Yesterday then ! "
tr	PRES	Scrambling to get some air , she throws both her arms up , almost ready to cry .
tr	PAST	" Lilly , the girl I was telling you about yesterday , " I hopped off the cot and adjusted my uniform .
tr	PRES	He refuses to see that I hate the job and would do anything to get out of it .
tr	PAST	He must have skipped that chapter too or he would have known she didn 't have any .
tr	PAST	She gleaned a few tidbits of information only someone at the bar or in the SUV would know .
tr	PRES	" Is everything ok ? "
tr	PRES	She never forgave you .
tr	PRES	" If you touch me , I swear I will tell my dad , " I warn him .
tr	PAST	I pinched it between my fingers and held it from view .
tr	PAST	The white fudge created a daunting communication barrier .
tr	PAST	She awoke in a peasant 's lodge and smelled food .
tr	PRES	He holds up his drink , waiting for us to clink his glass .
tr	PRES	These wolves comforted him - like Champ comforted me .
tr	PAST	I soaked in the dark as most soak up the sun .
tr	PRES	As quick as the memory comes , it fades , leaving a bitter taste in my mouth .
tr	PAST	I schooled my features not to show fear , but I felt like my stomach had dropped to my knees .
tr	PRES	" And you with your humble , caring nature .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a handkerchief from his shirt pocket and dabbed at his eyes again .
tr	PAST	She hasn 't posted a single word and the well-wishes have dwindled , as everyone moves on .
tr	PRES	Teachers mistook his apathy for stupidity and treated him likewise .
tr	PRES	" To feed your pride , obviously . "
tr	PRES	She relaxes upon my return .
tr	PRES	" I belong to an ancient organization of Wise Men . "
tr	PRES	Travelling causes her pain and she seldom tours .
tr	PRES	He throws Confusion 's dust into my eyes And then with dirty rags and open wounds He clothes me in Destruction 's red disguise .
tr	PAST	Slowly she exhaled and opened one eye to peer up at him , then the other .
tr	PAST	Drake pondered the question briefly and then shook his head .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and takes my hand in his .
tr	PRES	Panic quickly rises in me .
tr	PRES	A child remembers when she finds her father at her mother 's typewriter after her mother has left home for good .
tr	PRES	Amazing , really , all this water underground when it never rained at all .
tr	PRES	Once they look at my sleepy appearance though , the scared look changes into a confused one .
tr	PRES	" My apologies , " The Shrine announces .
tr	PAST	Reed extended his hand to the Alpha .
tr	PRES	" No , they surround the Temple .
tr	PAST	Pushing that picture out of my head , I attempted a return smile .
tr	PAST	" Absurd , " he scoffed .
tr	PRES	Mr. Goodwin glances up with a brief smile .
tr	PRES	In the mean time recruit men and women who are on our side .
tr	PRES	He brings his eyes back to mine and there 's an undeniable amount of lust in them .
tr	PRES	Well no , not tired , but stiff .
tr	PRES	' ' This could be the way we fix this .
tr	PAST	" Of course not , " she lied .
tr	PAST	She designed a 3D project that gave the illusion that a large crack or sinkhole had developed in the road .
tr	PAST	The bus slowed and Claire roused herself to see why they had stopped .
tr	PRES	And like I said , she deserves to be driven .
tr	PAST	Charlotte hopped out of the pickup before she could laugh out loud and embarrass the man further .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to stitch you up now , " Dr. Oliver announces .
tr	PRES	Damien clears the table that he used for testing my healing abilities and lays out a picnic .
tr	PAST	I solved that part of it . "
tr	PRES	" Seems like millions , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	We even extended that caution to operating in the wilderness .
tr	PRES	" Sure , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Like some wild predator it merely acted by reflex alone .
tr	PRES	His face snaps back into an expressionless mask as he marches into my home and turns right , into Thalia and Wes 's room .
tr	PAST	So yeah , I nuzzled up to him , getting as close as I could without pulling him back into the electrifying kiss Nancy had interrupted .
tr	PAST	Cian 's harsh tone reflected his pain .
tr	PAST	Maynard pursued and caught him as the road forked and crossed Kerner Creek .
tr	PRES	If the energy gets absorbed , then the material changes in some way and usually gets heated .
tr	PAST	Her tongue rasped against his in erotic little strokes as she wrapped her other hand around his neck .
tr	PAST	And then she stormed away .
tr	PAST	I pinched them off a desk when I was looking for more string .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the tiny hand enclosed in hers .
tr	PAST	All my limbs stiffened ; I couldn 't move anything .
tr	PAST	But after one look at his tired eyes , she suddenly dismissed those thoughts .
tr	PRES	Luke 's voice floats through from the other side of the door .
tr	PRES	Right then the pierced guy fel into step beside Kylie .
tr	PRES	Ethan puffs out a loud breath and sits down beside me .
tr	PAST	Shorty eyed the silo .
tr	PAST	Consequently , the blackout plunged all the cities on the east coast into darkness .
tr	PRES	And possibly some Tylenol .
tr	PRES	" He hates it when I 'm gone .
tr	PRES	Just for the chance to keep a little bit of dignity , a little bit of my pride intact .
tr	PAST	She giggled and covered her mouth .
tr	PAST	He yawned hugely again .
tr	PRES	It never occurs to them that private detectives might happily withhold information in return for an addition to their modest income . "
tr	PAST	I slowed to give her the chance to catch up , but I didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	The trees glowed and ebbed a sickly orange .
tr	PAST	" That 's silly , " Nettie countered her husband 's comment , glass of Chardonnay in hand .
tr	PRES	" Night , Easy E , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest and attempt to look annoyed .
tr	PRES	Tingling ribbons of excitement wove between them .
tr	PRES	Kit reaches into her lab coat and shows me a square green patch .
tr	PAST	Seizing the opportunity to flee , she mumbled a quick " sorry , " in Jake 's general direction and darted for the door .
tr	PRES	" Well , the word angel rather begs the question .
tr	PAST	They slowed themselves down to a quieter step that wouldn 't disturb any of the sleepers inside .
tr	PAST	Eventually the hallway split off into two directions .
tr	PRES	When they want to be formal they shout " Don 't let him get away ! " '
tr	PRES	" And to the Counts . "
tr	PAST	The contents of the probe endured forces no human could survive .
tr	PAST	Pressing two fingers to her neck , he prayed for a pulse ... And found one .
tr	PAST	I giggled and shook my head .
tr	PAST	Will sensed Charles tightening and he went to his side to appease his frustration as well .
tr	PAST	You proved people wrong .
tr	PRES	Sooty stands , too , and I see the enormous wet spot on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	The pages were covered with bright , intricate figures , some parts of the illustrations gleaming as if they had been painted onto the parchment with gold .
tr	PRES	Although this is a free book , it remains the property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe him ? "
tr	PRES	Mari releases him and walks up a step .
tr	PAST	Alexey and Anatoly produced a good impression on the boys , even though they 'd known them for less than thirty minutes .
tr	PAST	They cost us all money .
tr	PAST	She wept against my body as I tried to lift my hand to tuck her hair behind her ear .
tr	PAST	Most of all , however , these people served precious roles on mining bases found on barren moons and asteroids .
tr	PAST	The subject of his life span just floated over her head .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	His features reflected a moment of embarrassment before he turned to assess the slender girl .
tr	PAST	" Okay ; everyone listen up , " my dad announced .
tr	PRES	The police officer in Todd shone through .
tr	PRES	" You weren 't answering your phone , " he points out .
tr	PAST	Now just quit complaining and do what you 're told ! "
tr	PAST	She pretended it was a commercial flight .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I clutched her little body close to mine , leaning down to inhale her .
tr	PRES	His fingers fan out as they skate over my bare skin , sliding to my rib cage to graze the various scar ridges .
tr	PAST	Someone smashed a beer bottle on that man 's head .
tr	PRES	What a rip off ... " Geo said .
tr	PAST	The judge motioned for the prosecutor to continue .
tr	PRES	The blue lights flow quickly through veins and capillaries until the entire region has turned blue .
tr	PAST	Of course that fool Bryant accused me of cowardice , but I soon set him to rights on that idea . "
tr	PRES	The title applies to the peerage , not the surname .
tr	PAST	She charged me with her shoulder , knocking me to the ground .
tr	PAST	Emma exclaimed before she could stop herself .
tr	PAST	Nelly carefully measured a square of greased paper against a pan and cut it to fit the bottom .
tr	PRES	Mel sighs and gives me her annoyed look that 's just short of an eye roll .
tr	PAST	The Jeep jolted on impact , slamming her side back against the seat .
tr	PAST	" What about the shields ?
tr	PAST	I shuffled through the sands of the desert , my boots sinking with every step .
tr	PAST	Claire reported that she caught her brother pulling the feathers off a sparrow fledgling that had fallen out of its nest .
tr	PAST	I invite him in for some coffee and something to eat .
tr	PAST	As Kara shot into action , Vidalia eyed the older man .
tr	PAST	And then Mage exploded .
tr	PAST	Tucker hollered , using all his breath .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself and slowly kicked off one shoe , then the other .
tr	PRES	" And waiting to hear what song you 're going to pick out for me always cheers me up . "
tr	PAST	McKenna secured her hands around the back of my neck , her fingers curling into my hair .
tr	PAST	( Past ) Lady Margaret delayed the day when Katherine should visit Sheen .
tr	PAST	Her beauty mesmerized him and he nearly forgot that he needed to have that heart to heart honest conversation with her .
tr	PAST	Upon further requests Chief John Long provided the following quote : " Get the hell out of here and let us do our jobs .
tr	PRES	His moist breath teased her pounding clit .
tr	PAST	Max squinted and waited .
tr	PAST	He plunged his hands in his pockets and gave the closed door a longing glance before he turned and walked to the barn .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore through Leon .
tr	PRES	Bright daylight shone in through the window , beyond which lay a field of green .
tr	PAST	Daniel solved Louisa 's problem of wondering if she would ever dare enter Fellows ' bedroom by opening the door and barging in himself .
tr	PAST	Whoever grabbed me cursed from the voltage he absorbed , but I couldn 't hit him with my full power .
tr	PAST	His hands caressed her back .
tr	PAST	He eyed it suspiciously , trying to remember when he had ordered it , before shrugging it off and grabbing a fork .
tr	PAST	Her teeth chattered in my ear .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Wilson will see you now , " she announced .
tr	PAST	My heartbeat slowed gradually , and my terror ebbed as realization settled inside my mind .
tr	PRES	" Heavens ... " Laura muttered .
tr	PAST	The longer she talked , the more invested he seemed to become in her story .
tr	PAST	Jeffery exclaimed when the first Arash troopers made contact with the hull .
tr	PAST	" Who organized this ? "
tr	PRES	But anyway , eventually the door opens and John 's dad walks out .
tr	PRES	Katherine padded through the living room on her way to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	A blood-curdling scream rips from my lips .
tr	PRES	Adam tries to speak but he 's out of time .
tr	PAST	My sweep revealed what I had already guessed .
tr	PRES	' What brings you to Mole Town ? '
tr	PRES	Deep drumbeats echo , one after another .
tr	PAST	As they walked toward the elevator , Joey 's mind plunged through as many options as he could conjure to remedy the bad start to their date .
tr	PRES	Thalia swears loudly and drops a handful of cutlery .
tr	PRES	He whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	The light disappears and the box closes .
tr	PAST	When a waiter passed me with a tray of red wine , I claimed two glasses .
tr	PAST	She referred to a large map behind her on the wall .
tr	PAST	Tonight both people visited the shop impulsively .
tr	PAST	The judge belted out the words at a surprising volume .
tr	PAST	Cain stripped out of his jacket as he came near .
tr	PAST	Helen swiped the air .
tr	PAST	And screeched to a halt .
tr	PAST	Vengeful eyes glared at her from underneath a mass of dark hair , a sharp finger jabbed at her chest .
tr	PRES	Prewitt chews , shaking his skull .
tr	PRES	Now it no longer mattered .
tr	PAST	The Gard burned to the ground , the Portal destroyed , our streets awash with monsters .
tr	PAST	A loud " meow " announced Smoke 's presence before the cat jumped onto the bed , turned around twice , and curled beside her .
tr	PAST	A woman crouched on her hands and knees while a guy knelt behind her .
tr	PAST	Jake froze , his eyes riveted on the doctor .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you wanted to move on to how folks in this town clean their toilets , " she teased .
tr	PRES	With tears in her eyes , she whispers , " Nice job , honey ! "
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm a molecular hologram . "
tr	PAST	He sensed that would be too much for Zoe .
tr	PRES	He stands upon the stage of its first ever performance and never heard a note .
tr	PAST	Morgaine nearly rocketed forward , then sobered herself , straightening her shirt .
tr	PAST	The phantom shaft plunged deep into my belly , bringing its fire to my stomach and kidneys .
tr	PRES	" Unfortunately , yes , " she sighs .
tr	PRES	Leaving the room , he returns shortly .
tr	PAST	He pretended to be appalled , putting his hand to his chest .
tr	PAST	Ripping a strip of cloth from his shirt tail , she stuffed it into the wound to stop the bleeding .
tr	PRES	" Her birthday ? "
tr	PRES	He never lets his employees down when they 're doing the right things .
tr	PRES	' Boy , come out , what da fuck ? '
tr	PAST	But Ezio urged his horses forward and soon drew abreast of Ahmet 's carriage .
tr	PRES	Dean folds up the newspaper and tosses it into the table by the cookie jar .
tr	PRES	" With a knuckle punch .
tr	PRES	He smiled down on her , his eyes alight with love .
tr	PAST	The stores experienced the greatest two-day shopping spree the world had ever known .
tr	PRES	" The city holds a celebration every year .
tr	PAST	Even if he hadn 't meant it to be anything more than a lesson ... it had wrecked me .
tr	PAST	Rich stuffed his wallet back into his jacket pocket and walked back toward me .
tr	PAST	The smooth columns around the perimeter of the gallery provided no purchase so I chose the statue on the south face .
tr	PAST	She writhed and begged for him more and more .
tr	PAST	He claimed a pickpocket had once nearly cut his throat with a jagged bit of bottle .
tr	PRES	" Except the part where you drag me into potentially deadly trouble ?
tr	PAST	Dizziness swirled through her brain , the aftereffects of having been inside his head .
tr	PAST	Abstract paintings adorned the walls and gas flames danced in a small fireplace .
tr	PRES	" Not a hour passes where I do not seek to amend that " , interrupted Jack .
tr	PRES	" Whatcha doing , eh ?
tr	PAST	I sensed passport after passport and airline ticket or gate passes for private jets , but I forced myself to refrain from taking just anyone 's .
tr	PRES	Once again , the dark mutters in the marble intensified , but this time , I ignored them .
tr	PAST	Lincoln yelled , both soldier strapped in tight as the chopper dropped like a stone into the planet 's atmosphere .
tr	PAST	" They 'd want to study me for their cases in abnormal psychology , " I joked .
tr	PRES	Eden frowns for a second , digging through his memories , and then a grin lights up his face .
tr	PAST	She leaped up and ran to a huge mirror mounted on a nearby wall .
tr	PRES	Forget I asked , " he states , turning his face so he can start walking .
tr	PAST	He dismissed me with a sweeping turn and marched away toward the cast and crew around the fire .
tr	PAST	Nick 's expression froze .
tr	PRES	There were a million excuses she could have made , a dozen lies she could have tried to tell .
tr	PAST	A chorus of complaints arose around him , which he ignored , turning towards Gabriel with a wink .
tr	PRES	But when she revealed a rare weakness , she crushed him .
tr	PRES	He glances at the little notebook tucked in my hand , at the broken pen clutched in my fist .
tr	PAST	Conner swiped the card , then tugged the heavy door open .
tr	PRES	Over the speakers , Dagger releases a loud trumpet .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you want me to do , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	: : Seventeen : : There was only one café , as such , in Glen Row .
tr	PAST	A frown replaced his smile .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around me as I share how I felt about myself for all that time .
tr	PAST	Hart 's breath fogged inside it , even though the April night was almost balmy .
tr	PRES	" Congratulations Chey ! "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side as she studied him .
tr	PAST	I giggled and waved a majestic hand in his direction .
tr	PRES	" That 's not very creative , " she teased him .
tr	PAST	Knox stands up , I wrap my arms and legs around him as he moves us to my bedroom .
tr	PAST	After the customary warm-ups , Joel announced , " We have located an additional eighteen homes that should be added to the list .
tr	PRES	" I hope so , " I mutter under my breath and suck up my courage .
tr	PRES	Under the lies you tell yourself , part of you hates me .
tr	PRES	A wry grin slides across Elder 's face .
tr	PAST	Declan stiffened against her .
tr	PAST	She floated willingly by his side , her arms and legs dancing like a wooden puppet 's when all its strings are yanked at once .
tr	PRES	" Not a chance in hell , sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	Letting him feed from you .
tr	PRES	And Coach 's talks about figuring out life on the court sound like so much bullshit now .
tr	PAST	Sometime later , shortly before his mam 's death in March , a neighbour lent him an electric guitar .
tr	PRES	Then , my heart stops as she catches sight of something that piques her interest .
tr	PAST	" Doesn 't mean he has to spoil him , " Sadie chimed in reply .
tr	PAST	I giggled as I said this and Daddy just kept on welding .
tr	PAST	Blue crawled to it .
tr	PRES	" I detest witches . "
tr	PAST	He flicked on the car 's headlights but they splashed uselessly back from the round curve of the rising wall .
tr	PRES	They tremble from nerves and effort .
tr	PRES	" The antidote . "
tr	PAST	We stole it from Vanessa .
tr	PRES	It holds no joy or hope .
tr	PAST	She secured them safely in their baskets and then went back to pick up the brick .
tr	PRES	" So practical , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" I apologise , your Highness , this woman told me to come instantly . "
tr	PAST	The fabric , light and iridescent , reflected the light all on its own .
tr	PRES	The miracles that I 've worked with these hands ... " " Nancy won 't like this , " Tasha said .
tr	PRES	Plutarch slides the sketchbook across to me .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know where I might find that backing ? "
tr	PRES	She still loves him . "
tr	PAST	She and Shane bounced off the bed , too , and Eve came last .
tr	PAST	" One night Trista barged into her son 's old room where we slept .
tr	PRES	" Blaire , please look at me , " I begged .
tr	PRES	The door opens and I 'm immediately enveloped in a hug .
tr	PRES	" Where in plain sight ? "
tr	PRES	Out in the real universe it tends to be a waste of time .
tr	PRES	" The answer lies before you .
tr	PAST	Ty tensed , preparing to launch himself .
tr	PRES	Can you ever forgive me ? "
tr	PAST	He protected this organisation and paid for it with his life .
tr	PAST	Zack regarded Elena thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	Great chunks and boulders fractured , fine pieces shattered .
tr	PAST	Tear drops plopped onto her legs .
tr	PRES	Isaac reaches out his hand and brushes the blood from the corner of her mouth .
tr	PRES	Something in his face suddenly changes .
tr	PRES	" Promote Jerry then . "
tr	PRES	Serena considers returning to the beach .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed into the intercom , " Jump , count to three and pull the D-ring ! "
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Between them waves of small fighters smashed like raindrops in the eye of a storm .
tr	PAST	Good dog , " he crooned , burying his hand in the soft fur .
tr	PRES	No tolerance , " he says , " for a man who beats his children . "
tr	PRES	Sean reaches between us and slides a thin bracelet of red ribbons over my free hand .
tr	PRES	" Oh , that idiot . "
tr	PRES	His hand sneaks up my shirt .
tr	PRES	" Well , ' tis been awhile but it won 't be the first time we 've shared a bed .
tr	PRES	He hardly sees anything . "
tr	PAST	We received word eleven hours ago they were taking her tonight .
tr	PRES	" Such potential , " the demon sighs .
tr	PAST	From this the Elder protected the boy .
tr	PRES	When we reach the entrance , a doorman holds the door open .
tr	PRES	" Persephone , I 'd like you to meet my good friend , Joey Beretta . "
tr	PAST	The youth brightened slightly , " perhaps this adventure will end better than any of us can hope . "
tr	PAST	Perhaps he sensed a friend .
tr	PRES	He flips the page of his sketchbook to a blank one , takes my hand , and places it on the page .
tr	PRES	" Thought he had you there for a minute , " he breathes .
tr	PRES	A woman who must be his wife opens the front door and jokingly tells him to let us have dinner already .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered , and the tension in the room was broken .
tr	PAST	The smell of breakfast cooking , however , provided additional encouragement for me to drag my butt outside to see Jackie turning eggs in the frying pan .
tr	PAST	The way I behaved was out of order and just to make things clear , " Tammy cringed at the thought of her confession .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you judge me , " Deb snaps , shaking her mess of wilted curls .
tr	PAST	I tugged her from behind me and tucked her back to my chest .
tr	PRES	Red lights shone on each .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped every other beat .
tr	PAST	And then he witnessed a flurry of movement and speed that he hadn 't known possible .
tr	PRES	Chapter Two Swift and sure , my life course corrects back to normal .
tr	PRES	Light shone through a narrow gap .
tr	PRES	" So I found a way to beat you , dumbass .
tr	PRES	As soon as it hit the street below , her Push forced her upward , and she sprang back into the air .
tr	PRES	As if he lived in a private fortress .
tr	PAST	I flicked my partner a quick glance , and my eyes widened .
tr	PAST	" They received part of a prophecy .
tr	PRES	As soon as the door clicked closed , I confronted Brody .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands together .
tr	PRES	It disappears when the burly driver , having perceived some change in the general mood , attempts to punch it off his face .
tr	PRES	The home was spacious , the hardwood floors gleaming .
tr	PAST	The werewolf 's eyes roamed over them both , and fastened on Jem .
tr	PAST	I shove my hands into my pockets , leaning against her brand new VW Bug .
tr	PAST	The demon clutched John 's throat , claws digging into his skin .
tr	PAST	" He was gone all day yesterday , " he volunteered .
tr	PAST	Level regarded her with a knowing expression .
tr	PAST	Shelly mumbled in kind , similarly evasive .
tr	PRES	" How dramatic . "
tr	PAST	he dared to ask .
tr	PAST	Immediately , he sensed a special silence in his head .
tr	PAST	She yawned as she nodded and I laughed before caressing her face .
tr	PAST	The shawl flapped above him , held in place only by the clasp at his neck .
tr	PAST	Daniel marveled at how effortless it appeared for her to run and talk at the same time .
tr	PAST	When the computer checked a password it always compared the entered code with his hidden access codes .
tr	PAST	Her vision wavered and losing her balance she tipped backward as the world exploded into a brilliant flash of consuming pain .
tr	PAST	A second monstrosity swooped but he dodged that , too .
tr	PRES	Danny weaves and bobs through the fray , dodging the men and women who walk at a more leisurely pace .
tr	PRES	" I 'm taking your girlfriend to work with me , " Raine announces , as we walk through the diner .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the others in the room .
tr	PRES	" No more than it bothers you . "
tr	PAST	Caleb just gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	I add Jesse too , though it 's probably immoral to use your boyfriend in that respect .
tr	PAST	As I ran my tongue up and down the shaft , I described it over the phone .
tr	PAST	His palm slapped the edge of the rubber lifeboat and he grabbed hold with his other hand as well .
tr	PRES	" In any case , my patience wears thin . "
tr	PAST	I froze fearing another two page tirade .
tr	PRES	When the plot is ripe it remains no longer secret .
tr	PRES	Lucy opens the door quickly to let Dixie slide inside .
tr	PRES	Happily , it pays well and will help with the rest of her college bills .
tr	PRES	I weep for them and for their future . '
tr	PAST	" And they prayed unto the Lord , in fear of him , but what did they do ? "
tr	PAST	Ned gritted his teeth and kept going , inching forward .
tr	PAST	His cat 's eyes glowed amber and green .
tr	PAST	" We have the imprimatur of the Pope himself , " lied Ezio .
tr	PRES	Completely nak * d. I was in a towel .
tr	PAST	The sun glowed orange on the horizon , and it had all the makings of a beautiful new day .
tr	PAST	He brightened up , surprised he would hear from her today .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , ' tis merely that I like your choice of spy , Rafe ! "
tr	PAST	He also slowed me down on his silly scooter but I was supposed to remain in clear sight .
tr	PRES	My will power snaps and I attack her with a ferocious maniac like behaviour .
tr	PRES	" Oh yeah , much easier , " Lizzie gasped sarcastically , her breathing still ragged .
tr	PRES	She holds my gaze but I look away .
tr	PRES	My mouth curves downward into a frown .
tr	PAST	He claimed he wanted those things , too . "
tr	PRES	Tears shone in the moonlight .
tr	PAST	The vampire 's eyes glowed with hot fury .
tr	PRES	" She hates me .
tr	PAST	Still , my mind grappled with the vision of a small child offering me sex .
tr	PRES	Miles of pretty shining silver cloth holds four people and five pieces of luggage .
tr	PAST	Lu glowed for me .
tr	PRES	Even now he falls into my will !
tr	PAST	She froze and her breath caught , then her eyes widened and filled with startled joy .
tr	PAST	The Jeep then proceeded to drift another two feet to the left , pinning me underneath .
tr	PAST	Once we finished moving the bodies , they fetched us shovels , and everyone pitched in to plant the dead .
tr	PAST	Coral calculated and decided quickly .
tr	PAST	My voice faltered and I looked away .
tr	PAST	Jamila stiffened , as though offended .
tr	PRES	Anyway , he misses his wife and kids , two little girls .
tr	PAST	The other three sides required a little more effort to remove the hardened clay .
tr	PRES	" See something you like , Love ? "
tr	PAST	Chapter 1 I ducked low and spun away as the snapping tentacle zipped by my head .
tr	PRES	Push it off me and onto her .
tr	PAST	Then in a series of quick flashes , he charged back and forth , carrying as many of the vials as he could each time .
tr	PAST	Then Morgan crouched down , until she was eye level to his enormous crotch .
tr	PAST	" You bet , " Cory mumbled , hurrying out of the house .
tr	PRES	My wife lies in bed and stares at the pickles being distorted by the yellow light of the lamp beside them on the nightstand .
tr	PAST	Of him moving in and kissing her while she reclined in the chair .
tr	PAST	I zipped up my jeans , didn 't bother with the snap , and opened the door .
tr	PAST	The train charged out of the tunnel before Clark Bent turned to face it .
tr	PRES	Shift schedules , fund allocations , project juggling , out and out looting of other projects ... he 'd never pulled so many stunts in his life .
tr	PRES	The demon snaps for Lorcan 's head and only misses by a finger 's breadth .
tr	PAST	" But he named you CEO . "
tr	PAST	" Upon my carefully created ' death ' the military seized all of my papers and experiments .
tr	PAST	and I tugged at them , making a frustrated sound .
tr	PRES	His acting demo reel .
tr	PRES	I squat down beside him .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me for a sec , but then pul s the crown off and starts twirling it on a finger .
tr	PAST	" Never go exploring without a bag , " advised Maddy .
tr	PRES	Her pussy begins to milk my orgasm right from me .
tr	PRES	She dreaded going to the hospital ; everything about it was upsetting to her .
tr	PRES	Coming closer , she wraps her arms around him .
tr	PRES	The dagger shone brightly in the light .
tr	PAST	With her eyes focused on where Hayes sat at the bar talking to one of the waitresses , Billie stomped over to him .
tr	PRES	He cups my face and kisses me so deeply my entire body is forced back until I hit the wall behind me .
tr	PAST	They trusted him , but with Dawn they were starting to doubt his leadership .
tr	PRES	" Agent Lowell . "
tr	PRES	He tuned into the conversation .
tr	PAST	Albert produced a low , awed whistle .
tr	PRES	" I 'll miss ye , Angus .
tr	PRES	I gape at them in disbelief .
tr	PRES	" I think we might end up in a fight if we don 't get them here , " she whispers nervously .
tr	PRES	asked Jack , who was struggling to reach his wallet whilst supporting Rachel 's weight .
tr	PAST	" To E deck , now ! "
tr	PAST	Or not in high school , anyhow .
tr	PRES	Sleep well , Pol . '
tr	PAST	They now feared him , but he knew they were still chiding him behind his back .
tr	PRES	Tristan states with a crook of his brow .
tr	PRES	" Well , I had someone worth holding on for , " I mumbled into his chest .
tr	PAST	" I wish I knew what you were talking about , " I lied , but I knew the conviction didn 't reach my voice .
tr	PRES	Taking expensive and somewhat drastic measures to protect his assets .
tr	PAST	Sighing again , she motioned for her servants to prepare the evening meal .
tr	PRES	He opens his brief case .
tr	PAST	Lena advised beside me .
tr	PRES	I chuckle and it hits me in the gut .
tr	PRES	" ... He seemed a little overly anxious . "
tr	PRES	" Almost there , " I shout over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Chapter XXII Our horse clipped up the lane churning the gravel with each step .
tr	PRES	And all of that changes nothing about our duty . "
tr	PAST	He blamed himself for everything else .
tr	PAST	He plopped down onto the bed and ran his hands through his messy blonde hair .
tr	PAST	" Empty , " Razor buzzed .
tr	PRES	" No , wait , scratch that .
tr	PAST	Gideon inquired , refusing to acknowledge Ashby 's dig at him .
tr	PRES	His eyes still on mine , Alec slowly stands until he 's towering over me at his full height .
tr	PAST	I pretended that 's what I was doing .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume individual lives spin these web threads ... " " Movements of matter undoubtedly spin them , too . "
tr	PAST	" If you don 't want to marry me , that is your choice , " Daemon crooned .
tr	PAST	He collapsed , exhausted , just inside the door to the math building .
tr	PRES	That little detail explains why I was able to pop the door open on the SUV as the three guys were busy hooking up the winch .
tr	PAST	Metcalf operated strictly by the book , an inflexible posture that continually tied Painter 's hands .
tr	PAST	Coincidence defended his emotions .
tr	PRES	" Margaret loves me !
tr	PAST	" We 're models , " the taller one reported proudly .
tr	PAST	We both inhaled our meals .
tr	PAST	Then three tears , a sniffle , and then a waterfall exploded out of my eyes , just before the very moment .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , reaching down and pulling out one of his remaining vials of metal .
tr	PRES	Roland stands rigid in the doorway in deep thought .
tr	PAST	We plunged deeper into the woods .
tr	PRES	" It 'll be all right , " Alex whispers , bushing my hair out of my face .
tr	PAST	When she avoided him , he sought her out .
tr	PRES	My erection throbs lightly against her , growing as she grinds slightly .
tr	PAST	She slightly tensed at the change but didn 't tear her mouth completely away from his .
tr	PRES	" The more you sweat in training , the less you bleed in battle ... and you aren 't sweating at all .
tr	PAST	Paris smacked his hands on the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	She puzzled him , and wasn 't that wonderful ?
tr	PAST	Henrietta 's lips crumpled together and she gave an odd and loud swallow .
tr	PRES	What a change from the early days when Sofie gave him nothing but poisonous glares .
tr	PAST	The layout of the clubhouse triggered the memory .
tr	PAST	And the design d the Clock was this : that the biggest hand only went around once .
tr	PAST	She chanced a quick glance as she added her rucksack to the pile .
tr	PAST	She opted for the simpler answer .
tr	PAST	If you are alive to read this , you probably experienced something like it , or at least talked to someone who has .
tr	PRES	" A siege ? "
tr	PAST	Maybe tonight he would dream about a curvy , black-haired woman plummeting past his balcony , arms outstretched , and naked as all get out .
tr	PRES	Mother 's smile stretches wider .
tr	PAST	Jazz limped to her bedroom , found a reasonably clean floppy sweatshirt and tossed it to Lucia , who pulled it on .
tr	PAST	I hopped up , as much as I was capable of hopping , and answered it .
tr	PRES	It tends to influence people , believe me . "
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze as he licks his bottom lip , the movement sexy .
tr	PAST	She giggled that enchanting girlish sound .
tr	PRES	" About that thing I said when we were stuck together , about how I miss ... " " Sex . "
tr	PRES	When I reach Jack , he reaches out to hug me .
tr	PAST	His growl rumbled under the words as he pulled her through an empty room , down a hallway , down the stairs , and into his kitchen .
tr	PAST	She tugged at a bit of lace at her throat .
tr	PRES	" It creeps me out when you do that . "
tr	PAST	She replayed her conversation with Rebecca , and she tried to recall every word from her meeting with Fitch .
tr	PAST	Kira stomped her foot .
tr	PAST	She mumbled in her sleep , pressed her face more deeply into his chest and quieted back into sleep once more .
tr	PAST	Then I proceeded to untwist it .
tr	PRES	As the two officers confer with each other and talk into the walkie-talkies on their shoulders , the paramedics arrive , sans flashing lights and sirens .
tr	PAST	Apparently romances appealed to a wide range of people , from schoolgirls to prison inmates .
tr	PRES	I wince at the word junkie .
tr	PAST	He untied the package and unwrapped the pillowcase .
tr	PRES	Can we swim ? "
tr	PRES	" Let me , " I plead .
tr	PRES	With stealth and skill that rival Santa 's elves , the decorator strikes Agnes 's yard and eludes Jade and her surveillance equipment .
tr	PRES	His smile fades and he sighs , looking off to the side .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue . "
tr	PAST	But I taunted him , and dared him to come back . "
tr	PAST	After all , many only attended the wedding to have an excuse to be at the reception afterwards .
tr	PRES	Wildly curving , the jeep shone its lights on high stone walls that lined the path .
tr	PAST	Ivan prayed to God that it would work .
tr	PAST	They also received a sound file that contained the audio conversation .
tr	PRES	" Everyone thought I was dead , " he explains me in a emotionless tone , returning his attention back to the road .
tr	PAST	With that he stuffed his hands into his pockets , carrying on towards the entrance hall .
tr	PRES	Tears shine in Violetta 's eyes .
tr	PAST	Samuel described Lasher as a newborn . "
tr	PAST	Bursts of light shone their way to the forest floor through gaps in the trees , illuminating the way for me .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Honey !
tr	PRES	Their strength seeps and permeates skin .
tr	PAST	But I lied to myself .
tr	PRES	Strangers sometimes connect this way ; why not people who were close in life with a desire to maintain a loving bond ?
tr	PAST	However , the family cheered up when Madonna brought out their dinner plates on a huge tray .
tr	PAST	Formally done , in the drawing room , his hand on his heart , dazzling her with diamonds so that she would not say no .
tr	PAST	Riley split off from the front of that crowd and jogged over to me .
tr	PRES	" Aye , and it was all ' heated embraces , flames of passion , and burning kisses . ' "
tr	PAST	Kyle fanned the cards out .
tr	PRES	He holds the sacks up and shrugs .
tr	PRES	" Please tell me what it is , " she begged .
tr	PRES	Piers points at Rian although Rian seems to have his mind wandering elsewhere or he 's just choosing to ignore my brother .
tr	PRES	The corporate codicil applies only to you , Thomas , and to your oldest .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Chase a look of pure betrayal on his face .
tr	PRES	What life admires , it draws closer .
tr	PRES	He belongs to the Lord . "
tr	PAST	He smacked a red button on the side of the machine .
tr	PRES	The arm stretches to ghastly lengths .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the desk chair .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ! "
tr	PAST	Then they taped her ankles .
tr	PAST	he rasped , his face contorted in pleasure .
tr	PAST	She clutched her keys tightly in one hand .
tr	PAST	" Hold this , " he instructed , and I reached up to apply pressure to the wound .
tr	PAST	And his lips claimed hers again , preventing her from hitting him with a comeback .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , but my boss lets me get my school work done while on the clock . "
tr	PAST	They bounced and my c * ck was at full attention .
tr	PRES	The bird helps . "
tr	PRES	So he tends to intimidate rather than befriend , leaving him sort of ... alone in his own intelligence . "
tr	PRES	" Not a dime .
tr	PAST	She scoffed at his curt dismissal .
tr	PAST	I tensed , wondering what she was doing , but I got my answer a second later when another Black roc dropped down from the sky .
tr	PRES	Says there aren 't many about . "
tr	PRES	" Well , the offer stands .
tr	PAST	For half a second , my mouth mirrored his , but then it quickly disappeared .
tr	PRES	He intensely holds my gaze , making a point without saying it .
tr	PRES	Her curls shine golden in the fading light , and she slips an arm around Adam 's waist affectionately .
tr	PRES	And when he sees the statues in Florence , he remembers the way he would try to turn himself into carved stone .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He frowns , and I hope he 'll just assume that I caught a cab .
tr	PAST	She sensed that was a lie .
tr	PRES	" Is that what you 're thinking , sweetie ? "
tr	PAST	I marveled at that thing , even though it was already a few years out of date .
tr	PRES	The white powder slides up my nose and when it reaches the back of my throat I blow out a breath as I tip my head back .
tr	PRES	He lays his hand on his wife 's belly and spreads his fingers out .
tr	PRES	Leaning into me , he whispers .
tr	PAST	Marcus regarded me skeptically .
tr	PAST	" Okay , I lied .
tr	PRES	She wears a tight blue short sleeve shirt with a zipper running down the center .
tr	PAST	Gregori glided beside her , close and protective .
tr	PAST	Together , they received the hero medal for saving four Marines during a routine weapons launch . "
tr	PAST	I swiped the back of one hand across my forehead .
tr	PRES	She brings new fluid so they can enjoy .
tr	PAST	His hands rocket to his hips , fists balled .
tr	PAST	I froze , every muscle in my body seizing in terror , and the cloth tumbled from my hands .
tr	PRES	After a few seconds , the douche of a boyfriend flings his hands and stands up .
tr	PRES	" I 'll do whatever you say , " I murmur to Tess .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't he just the cutest thing ever ? "
tr	PAST	If others don 't , no matter who they are , screw them . "
tr	PRES	" ... the unexpected , blizzard is raging through Big Falls and surrounding areas with winds up to sixty-five miles per hour and temperatures well below freezing .
tr	PAST	" Please , Mr. Markman , won 't you sit and try your drink before it cools ? "
tr	PAST	From his jacket pocket , he produced a bottle of sunscreen .
tr	PRES	But he stands there , stoic and steadfast .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't we all , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Chris collected her scattered thoughts and stuffed the transcript into her pants pocket .
tr	PRES	You belong with us . "
tr	PRES	" Zoe Ambrose ? "
tr	PRES	" Nissa Johnson here .
tr	PAST	I phrased it as Ruth had instructed , but even without the coaching , I would have known what to say .
tr	PRES	Fiona gets the type of furious , envious glares from women you think only exist in the imaginations of movie directors .
tr	PAST	Most of the subjects panicked and left town . "
tr	PRES	" See you Monday , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Steve , " she whispered , hating to wake him .
tr	PRES	Verity breathes out and itches her nose .
tr	PAST	She emerged feeling renewed , clean , and fresh .
tr	PRES	Lina carries my son .
tr	PRES	" Maybe if I expose myself to it also ... " " No , you are having an especially strong reaction to the sun .
tr	PAST	She tugged her arms against the scarf , but there was no give .
tr	PAST	Pam eyed Carol suspiciously .
tr	PRES	" How 're ye !
tr	PAST	" Well , you certainly proved yourself .
tr	PRES	" Captain Drake ? "
tr	PRES	" Sweetheart , she just talks about you .
tr	PAST	He hopped in the driver 's seat and started up the motor , giving Darcy a cherry wave as he drove away .
tr	PAST	She scrutinized the splattered spider guts on her fingers and then brought them to her eager mouth .
tr	PRES	Spinning , my eyes snap onto a woman strutting down the walkway .
tr	PAST	It matched the blood dribbling down the side of his face .
tr	PAST	I fantasized daily about slipping poison in my foster parents ' food .
tr	PRES	Shutting the door quietly behind her , Diana stands ready for battle .
tr	PAST	Alicia swiped the card .
tr	PAST	She wriggled in his grasp , hoping for more contact .
tr	PAST	He dialed a secure number for Sigma command and listened to the tonal notes as a scrambled line was connected .
tr	PAST	His mind exploded with new information , for the first time bringing all his senses together .
tr	PRES	" But what about my core ? "
tr	PRES	" The Feline Shifter who was living with you .
tr	PRES	Mike glares down at the table , pounds it again , moans , and turns silent .
tr	PRES	And if they couldn 't bring up Club Dead , how could they describe the , uh , confrontation ?
tr	PAST	Wood cracked and stone shattered , and an explosion of wind blasted across her .
tr	PRES	" Speak of the devil , " I murmur , covering my smile with another sip of coffee .
tr	PAST	JD as he was affectionately known to his men signalled for them to proceed north along the tunnel .
tr	PRES	Her soft warm body just melts into my mine .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the mace behind her back .
tr	PRES	" Do you know what this means , lass ? "
tr	PRES	My mouth fel open , and I immediately searched Jared 's face for a reaction .
tr	PRES	' And Me . '
tr	PAST	Those creatures destroyed everything we had . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for a button on his console .
tr	PAST	It tipped its head on one side to stare at Odd with an eye the color of honey .
tr	PRES	But before I can say it out loud , the sun rises , and he 's gone .
tr	PAST	Wary , I propped myself up in bed and asked , " What do you want with me ? "
tr	PRES	Gramps reaches forward and hugs me , his body shaking as he cries into my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Zane grunted quietly before lowering himself to hold Ty closer and speed his thrusts .
tr	PRES	Not expecting such a rapid series of attacks , he once again falls back onto his crossed arms defense , bracing himself for impact .
tr	PAST	Always forward , single-minded and resolute .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side and appeared to be listening .
tr	PAST	The blow stole James 's breath .
tr	PRES	" Is Jade with you ? "
tr	PRES	Lila holds up this really tacky pink fluffy rug with flowers on it .
tr	PAST	His lightly tanned skin and pristine complexion revealed his profession .
tr	PAST	Under his breath , Jared scoffed .
tr	PAST	A moment later , Elizabeth emerged from the public aft staircase .
tr	PRES	Kira holds up her hand and draws a circle in the air with her finger .
tr	PRES	The wind brings a smell of fear , but I can 't trace the source . "
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " Kevin states when he gets to our table .
tr	PAST	Jazmine thanked her with a faint smile .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Cassidy tugged at his belt , then his zipper .
tr	PAST	And her family , other than Pops , already acted as if she 'd died .
tr	PRES	And watch out for those spills . "
tr	PRES	He curves his lips into a teasing grin .
tr	PRES	I lets out a string of Cheapside 's choicest curses , which settles things between us .
tr	PAST	If anything , the coming of a new person into their isolated lives represented an interesting change for her .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with a bow on my dress .
tr	PAST	Mr. Ii hopped down behind him , landing on his feet .
tr	PAST	He stares at me expectantly .
tr	PRES	The blackness begins to crumble . "
tr	PAST	I clutched my backpack to my side as I ran away .
tr	PAST	He dared not look at the man now that his anger had subsided .
tr	PAST	I scrolled through the database .
tr	PRES	The woman made much more noise now as she walked , brushing against counters , her footfalls sounding on the bricks .
tr	PAST	Along the way , the sound of the other patrons resting their mugs of beer on the wooden table tops begins to create a rhythm .
tr	PAST	' He lied on me , yes he did .
tr	PAST	She untied her apron while moving toward the kitchen in the back .
tr	PAST	I smacked his chest .
tr	PAST	His light blue eyes pierced into them with the harshest of stares .
tr	PRES	Serena stops for a second , willing herself to shut-up .
tr	PRES	" Like her Mom , Ha ? "
tr	PAST	A heavy sense of loss lingered inside .
tr	PRES	After a moment his scowl fades .
tr	PAST	But she trusted Adam .
tr	PAST	Although she 'd known Cosmo all her life , she cringed at his greeting .
tr	PAST	Mortimer slowed a bit but continued up and along the deck to the door of the cottage .
tr	PRES	" Or malice , or jealousy , or all of the above . "
tr	PRES	He brings three cups of tea ; two of them are cracked and dirty .
tr	PRES	Jonathan rises and I can feel him supporting me .
tr	PRES	Because she wanted to fuck with you . "
tr	PRES	Without my seeing you , without our consulting you , or doing anything to help you through it afterward .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands with a sorrowful passion .
tr	PAST	After several minutes , Cassy emerged smiling and triumphant .
tr	PAST	Renna gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	Her mother feared her .
tr	PRES	The beat of a drum rises , though Daniel cannot see the drummer .
tr	PAST	He pondered on the Earth they were approaching and the two men they would meet there .
tr	PRES	It explains why you 're finding a derivative or doing integrations . "
tr	PRES	" This is so cool , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	The smile he gave her then was filled with arrogance and Sidra cringed again , knowing she 'd revealed too much about how she felt about him .
tr	PAST	They soaked it up like a sponge .
tr	PRES	" What kind of experiment ? "
tr	PRES	Finally , he pushes me back into the bed .
tr	PRES	Sensing my need , Ketchup 's hand slides onto my knee and squeezes .
tr	PAST	Keagan hooked an ankle over one knee , flip-flop dangling from his jostling foot .
tr	PRES	She brings her scooper down to the table and looks at me , obviously disappointed .
tr	PRES	Time and space render such concepts difficult to comprehend .
tr	PAST	Liv practically stomped her foot .
tr	PAST	The compulsion washed sweetly over her , like falling into a blissful oblivion .
tr	PRES	Everything fades to black .
tr	PRES	" In your dreams , douche bag . "
tr	PAST	Walking in , she panicked .
tr	PAST	" I see that smile , " her mother accused .
tr	PAST	" Sure , we know , " Sloane giggled , turning her attention back to the text message she was sending to her boyfriend of the month .
tr	PRES	" What about Aeron ? "
tr	PRES	No relaxing in between his business talks on the Palm Jumeirah development .
tr	PAST	Shock froze me in place , gaping like an idiot , and I stood there , silently .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the cap to his canteen and gave Zane a measuring look .
tr	PRES	When they reach shore , Adam flashes a beam of light into the woods .
tr	PAST	I clutched Inno tightly as she turned away her face and wrapping her arms around me with her chin on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	Miller likes us to report in as soon as the work is done .
tr	PRES	I immediately dive in , even though I have a ton of questions .
tr	PRES	" The Salt of the Earth . "
tr	PRES	She reaches the edge of the glowing , swirling sphere and places her hand against it .
tr	PRES	The hulking form bursts back onto the path , a spray of sharp branches and bits of leaves coming with him .
tr	PAST	Unhappy memories of that night swirled around her in the car .
tr	PRES	Each one identical , and all the same colour .
tr	PAST	At the top of the staircase , was an open utility closet , stuffed with seven pressure suits and helmets .
tr	PAST	I then washed my bloody face in the lake before dowsing it with iodine from our small med kit .
tr	PAST	The DJ droned on and commercials blared through the speakers , but it didn 't register .
tr	PRES	I wrap my fingers around his wrist , ready to pull at them if he really loses it .
tr	PRES	She shudders and twists her body away from my touch .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe your experience with the research study ? "
tr	PRES	My heart crawls into my throat , choking me .
tr	PRES	It rattles as my back slams against it .
tr	PAST	We sped up , as much as you can when you 're crawling in a confined space .
tr	PRES	The man who had promised such sweet lies .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , that one , " Lloyd exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" As you wish , your highness . "
tr	PRES	Her features relax slightly .
tr	PRES	Still enough time before twilight , even though he 'd be heading east .
tr	PAST	Edwin then provided explicit instructions .
tr	PAST	Dorian feared I was opening up the door for Jasmine to conquer my kingdoms , but I was confident she 'd long since given up such ambitions .
tr	PAST	After another small hesitation , she gingerly curved her hand over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	He stops and stares at it , so I stop as well .
tr	PAST	It 's a done deal , " slurred Ana vehemently .
tr	PAST	The river dumps into a lake at the end of the plains .
tr	PRES	Bonus points for me .
tr	PRES	That begs the question , Why haven 't you ? "
tr	PRES	He points over his shoulder at the house behind him .
tr	PRES	It rises into the air by a process called ' evaporation . '
tr	PRES	" Should I warn her that you just want a one-night stand so she shouldn 't expect a call from you in the future ? "
tr	PRES	One irritatingly attractive woman who was depending on him to make one right decision amidst all the bad ones .
tr	PAST	Her stomach churned , and her head was ready to burst .
tr	PRES	An updated pirate emblem .
tr	PAST	They transferred me here after my last surgery .
tr	PRES	Chapter Six " His name was Max .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	He preferred the quiet , clean kill .
tr	PAST	" No , " I chattered .
tr	PRES	We 'll be too busy to lunch with Brent , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Not that he waited for her to come to a decision about which urge to obey .
tr	PAST	Ducking in and out of the water to avoid boats and people real y slowed us down .
tr	PAST	Rufus slapped him on the back again as he took up a glass to drain it in one long swallow .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the card into a pouch on the utility belt and tightened my grip on my knife .
tr	PRES	The consequence of lies .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up ahead of him , a few inches off the floor .
tr	PAST	She sensed new dimensions in her work , new layers that had not been there in the past .
tr	PAST	You have to go , Sam , " sobbed Philip .
tr	PRES	Dr. Hastings joins him in the search .
tr	PAST	" You named your daughter after Mickey Mantle , the Yankee center fielder ? "
tr	PAST	" He arrives in an hour , which means I need to head out , " he announced in answer to my question .
tr	PAST	Fear clutched Brant 's chest and he spurred Sugar to the front of the cabin , dismounted and rushed inside .
tr	PAST	The Queen 's companions tensed , and more than a few unsheathed bows from cases on their backs .
tr	PRES	Her grin stretches from one side of her snagged tooth mouth to the other .
tr	PRES	" Don 't be stupid , Faye .
tr	PAST	As he pushed through the market stalls set along the docks , he scarcely perceived the pungent odor of coffee or the sour smell of rotting sugarcane .
tr	PRES	" And truly , Corinne , how could he not fall in love with you ?
tr	PRES	In other words , war changes every soldier , but it has always profoundly damaged some of them .
tr	PRES	" Sean Kendrick ? "
tr	PRES	Happy to have some sense of normalcy back , I volunteer in the green house .
tr	PRES	We barter with a ferryman for the trouble and soon land on the western bank , at the foot of Hapsburg .
tr	PAST	" Chase and Hunter have the rebels outside , " Nathan reported .
tr	PAST	He squinted against the sudden glare and as he watched there was a scuffling noise and a small blue creature waddled towards him .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , and I fought the urge to hurl .
tr	PRES	It pisses me off .
tr	PAST	With practiced skill , she adjusted the flame .
tr	PAST	Queen Magda shuffled from her dark hiding place .
tr	PAST	Sara yawned and feigned sleepiness .
tr	PRES	I shout back at him and he gives me a rebellious smile at me .
tr	PRES	I steal one of Warner 's soaps .
tr	PRES	After some time passes , James yawns dramatically .
tr	PRES	The attempt to merge opposite elements fails .
tr	PRES	Then she sees the sharp rising in the center of Sis ' Shirley 's chest .
tr	PAST	I clasped my hands behind my head .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a strong hand touches my shoulder .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and shut my eyes .
tr	PAST	The waitress served them , interrupting their argument and then Joe continued as he ate his steak .
tr	PRES	The grand city shone , and the mountains looked out above it in stillness .
tr	PAST	She then proceeded to end the meeting .
tr	PAST	He still didn 't move from me , the same resigned expression on his face that I knew deeply .
tr	PRES	" Well , it 's either that or she 's had a frontal lobotomy , " Nan murmurs .
tr	PAST	He toyed with her opening , dipping his finger into the moisture pooled there .
tr	PAST	" I already have a headache , " she sniffed .
tr	PRES	What if he changes into one of them ?
tr	PRES	He creeps me out . "
tr	PAST	The bell to the store chimed .
tr	PAST	His Cabinet lackeys just grunted and nodded their heads .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " he lied .
tr	PRES	He likes manipulating people , getting them to do what he wants without them even realizing that they 're playing right into his hands .
tr	PAST	Matt Hilton quit his career as a police officer to pursue his love of writing tight , cinematic American-style thrillers .
tr	PRES	It helps the wolves to live in peace .
tr	PAST	The words circled him , mental sharks closing in to tear out another piece of his soul .
tr	PAST	Subsequent adjustments to her blood chemistry provided opportunity for other evidence against her .
tr	PAST	" Exactly like that , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	Then Darius , stumbling so that Tempest and Julian both reached for him at the same time .
tr	PAST	Her mind circled back to Mark .
tr	PAST	His hands were in his pockets , his head cocked as he watched them .
tr	PRES	" Ollie , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	After a moment , she adjusted the baby carrier so that Lola was more comfortable .
tr	PRES	The girl with black hair stands up and meets me in the middle of the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Ketchup opens the door and I brace myself .
tr	PAST	I endured it for about twenty miles before shifting her slightly .
tr	PAST	Damn disadvantage , not growing up in a house where mate bonding was discussed .
tr	PRES	They happily squeal at the unexpected semi-precious gem gifts .
tr	PRES	He holds me tight and the crushing fear that I felt all day cracks and falls away .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and begins to unbutton the shirt that I just put back on .
tr	PRES	It brings people together to have fun .
tr	PAST	When she didn 't speak , he exhaled on a long sigh .
tr	PAST	Sebastian risked an action and caught her wrist while she was standing and stretched her hand to him for a goodbye .
tr	PAST	He twirled one of her curls around his finger .
tr	PAST	He lied to her .
tr	PRES	Emma creeps out from her spot .
tr	PRES	" Mags , " I snap .
tr	PRES	" Let me go in the boys ' bathroom , " he begged .
tr	PRES	Shaking his head , he reaches up to slap the button on the wall .
tr	PAST	After making sure that Kevin was still reading , he scooted his chair a little closer .
tr	PAST	She risked a glance in his direction .
tr	PAST	He twisted her arm harder , then slapped her .
tr	PAST	" Good Sirs , I hope you take no offense , but I overheard your dilemma , " the man stated .
tr	PRES	Just like that , they vanish .
tr	PRES	" And why would you connect to such a thing ?
tr	PRES	His uncle Senator Maxwell Hammond ? "
tr	PAST	Elle yawned widely , covering her mouth with the back of her hand , and poured water into two mugs .
tr	PRES	I recall thinking it strange how the people walked - not urgently , as my father 's men , but with a steady ease .
tr	PRES	That weight belongs to the Creator of Life .
tr	PAST	" Yeah well , she blamed me for snatching away her chance at happiness . "
tr	PAST	" And all that time and after , I dreamed of Royce .
tr	PAST	It extended inside and outside the wall , so guards could check both incoming and outgoing vehicles .
tr	PAST	" No talking " He pinched her nipple lightly .
tr	PRES	When I don 't move , she sighs heavily .
tr	PRES	After a few moments , the door opens .
tr	PRES	" Culture Club ? "
tr	PAST	Ivy babbled and extended her arms , reaching for the man Rose knew without a doubt the baby loved .
tr	PAST	I hopped out of the car and raced up to him .
tr	PAST	" Get off of that rock , Jimmy , " she nervously instructed him .
tr	PAST	Holding her breath , Alexia crouched down near the gravesite .
tr	PAST	Ruby 's gaze flicked sideways .
tr	PRES	I rip off a length of toilet paper to pat my lips dry and to soak the blood from my gums for a bit .
tr	PRES	Oliver stands over him , blood dripping from his mouth , a furious glint in his eyes .
tr	PRES	With no sense of decorum , she immediately begins disrobing .
tr	PAST	Both spewed sparkling towers of scalding water and steam into the air .
tr	PRES	" It pays the bills while I 'm in school .
tr	PRES	How my hand fits in yours .
tr	PRES	' Okay , sure thing , Brick .
tr	PRES	... But tell me more of the musket shots that we heard .
tr	PAST	Quickly she diverted her attention , glancing around the foyer and into the living room .
tr	PAST	Ducking into his own room , he regarded the devastation briefly once more before yanking the closet door open wide .
tr	PRES	Sean stands and takes me over to the bed .
tr	PRES	" Oh my gosh , " Will breathes .
tr	PRES	" It affects your judgment !
tr	PAST	In short order , Simon proved he was as agile of mind as he was on his feet .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER ONE It was a cold , misty , overcast day .
tr	PRES	She yawns and I can see how tired she is .
tr	PRES	Mr. Cameron holds the door open long enough for the dog to follow him through , and closes it behind him .
tr	PAST	Kate 's hand froze .
tr	PAST	James eyed them both .
tr	PAST	She dared not look at him , dared not let him see the way her pulse was clamoring .
tr	PRES	Of business , and war , and politics - " " I tried to ask you about your work , father - " " Enough !
tr	PAST	" As soon as the child was born , the strange little man reappeared at the girl 's side and handed her a bottle of some liquid .
tr	PAST	The idea appealed intensely right at the moment but he had other priorities that wouldn 't leave his mind .
tr	PAST	I hauled my tired body off the couch and padded , barefoot , to the linen closet where I 'd gotten towels from earlier .
tr	PAST	Rachel pushed to her feet , the leash clutched in her fist .
tr	PAST	Jonas eyed her warily .
tr	PRES	" His babysitter ? "
tr	PAST	But he mourned it , cradled it in his heart of infinite suffering .
tr	PAST	With a slow pace , he pondered the mission that awaited them .
tr	PRES	" Yes , of course , Bella .
tr	PAST	" I love tennis , " she exclaimed , latching onto the one common interest .
tr	PAST	He rarely even visited Seaford thanks to what happened before .
tr	PAST	I collapsed on the bed , relieving my lungs with the air they were deprived of during that exchange .
tr	PAST	His amusement fled at the grave look in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Getting the list cost me something else . "
tr	PAST	We circled and sparred until I had no more breath , and several new bruises .
tr	PAST	As one they wielded a huge and powerful life force and it would be difficult to overcome them .
tr	PRES	" Don 't beg me , pet .
tr	PRES	" In earth rocks , the mineral nickel occurs in either extremely high percentages or extremely low ; nothing in the middle .
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned his jeans and then reached inside to cup her hand around his aching , rock-hard erection .
tr	PAST	Its certainly proved worth the effort .
tr	PRES	I lean against my truck .
tr	PRES	He slows at the crossroads but doesn 't stop , and both he and Gabe peer anxiously out in all directions until we get going once more .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself away from the wall and cracks his knuckles .
tr	PAST	" Two hundred and thirty eight , " she announced .
tr	PRES	A few bricks shifted above us , bringing mutters from Gunner and glares for quiet from Ethan .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze and shakes his head .
tr	PAST	Brazel and Ilana circled around , putting themselves closer to the fire .
tr	PAST	" It was a bluff , " I stated .
tr	PRES	" And what brings you to our town , Ms. Daniels ?
tr	PRES	She snaps her fingers and the door flies open , rocking the house .
tr	PAST	I inched forward until I could see into Orson 's empty office , and hear the conversation in the room across from his .
tr	PAST	" But you never wavered . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Five I slept off and on through the morning .
tr	PRES	" Good job lad .
tr	PAST	I proposed to her the night before we shipped out . "
tr	PRES	Or worse , she would cast him pitying , disgusted glances the entire time they worked .
tr	PRES	When you are out , " he said , focusing on the two less experienced divers , " signal to Marco or myself .
tr	PAST	No matter what Rose said , even when she agreed with you , you always doubted her .
tr	PAST	He pondered the difficulty of that , " Just who exactly did he find worthy of that distinction ? "
tr	PAST	I exhale , whispering for my ears , only .
tr	PRES	" And my headache ? "
tr	PRES	" Are you alright , Kaylee ?
tr	PRES	He stops kissing my neck and looks down at me with heated eyes , watching me .
tr	PRES	His voice is deep , his eyes flirtatious .
tr	PAST	An undefined image emerged in the doorway .
tr	PRES	But somehow you hatched it .
tr	PRES	' Whale falls between us and the stars .
tr	PAST	" Now , I will need you uninjured students to clean up this mess as well as you can , " he instructed them .
tr	PRES	" You ready to go , sweetheart ?
tr	PRES	He opens his door and grabs a shirt off the front seat , then pulls it on over his head .
tr	PRES	Now , your father owes me a lot of money .
tr	PRES	" Oh , helps increase magical elements , helps with our powers .
tr	PAST	He stomped past her toward the horses , keeping well clear of the mysterious sack .
tr	PAST	I looked him up and down , my purr transformed into a hiss .
tr	PRES	The general staggers a bit , his eyes bulge looking at his old friend , who nods slowly and grimly .
tr	PRES	" Stop worrying , nephew .
tr	PAST	The only women in the room served ale and dodged the hands of men .
tr	PRES	Cooper 's head falls forward and his shoulder 's slump .
tr	PAST	She stares at me as I answer it .
tr	PAST	Liv flicked her turn signal .
tr	PAST	" In other words , reducing us to animals . "
tr	PAST	" Can you vow you 'll never use information about my family to harm them ? "
tr	PRES	" I apologize , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Then she mentions the pink bird and a small amount of relief washes over me .
tr	PAST	Kristin slapped me again , and then a third time .
tr	PRES	Looking around again , I lean over and quickly grab the small bowl of honey .
tr	PAST	He sobbed uncontrollably into my neck .
tr	PAST	But still his brain churned with thoughts of Jayne and how damn close they 'd been to making love again .
tr	PRES	" Just warn me next time . "
tr	PAST	Mercifully , sleep claimed him seconds after his head hit the pillow .
tr	PRES	She lets out a wail of frustration and anguish , like an animal trapped in a cage .
tr	PAST	Cassius hopped down and offered me his hand .
tr	PRES	And Daddy loves you , okay ? "
tr	PRES	Nola glances up from her handheld .
tr	PAST	" So , " he regarded his father .
tr	PAST	She grunted again , weakly , and walked away from the fuselage , slowly dragging herself off those steel spines .
tr	PRES	He opens the door with enough force that the hinges screech .
tr	PRES	" Business School , " he chuckled dryly , " if I can get in . "
tr	PRES	I wipe his face with my fingers and kiss him hard on the lips .
tr	PAST	While his mouth closed over my breast , his hand glided between my legs .
tr	PAST	" No electrical shocks , " stated Selena .
tr	PAST	Before she could take the remaining seat the waiter bounced out of nowhere .
tr	PRES	The good eggs . "
tr	PRES	Sophia 's eyes rake the paintings .
tr	PAST	Patrick risked his own life by stopping .
tr	PAST	" Here doggie , doggie , " he slurred .
tr	PRES	Fred stands still for a moment , staring out at the backyard .
tr	PRES	Then you add metal shavings to produce the colors . "
tr	PAST	She screw anyone else out of getting tenure , for example ? "
tr	PAST	She scoffed , although she took note of the " attractive " and " charming . "
tr	PAST	He regarded lying on a sofa watching Countdown as a reminder of his interludes as a member of the unemployed .
tr	PAST	" Ara , please , " he begged , taking a step closer .
tr	PAST	He froze the playback .
tr	PRES	" Ground mouse . "
tr	PRES	What holds your legs frozen to the spot then ?
tr	PAST	Daisy dared to ask .
tr	PAST	Jem 's eyes flicked open ; Tessa was relieved to see that they had returned to their usual color .
tr	PRES	He pushes the chair away from the table and rises to his feet .
tr	PRES	" I feel like I 'm going to throw up , " she mutters quietly .
tr	PAST	" Sit on the bed , " he instructed , pointing to the bed .
tr	PAST	She quickly exited the kitchen and I frowned .
tr	PRES	The moonlight shone through the window that overlooked the streets of San Francisco , and the white gauzy curtain blew gently in the night breeze .
tr	PRES	" Nice try , Sonia .
tr	PAST	I inched backward , very slowly , not making a sound , until I was near the edge of the cotton .
tr	PAST	Her enthusiasm acted as one hell of a payoff for his patience .
tr	PAST	* Ben Adams pondered the news from Stephanie .
tr	PRES	" Coming sweetie . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah ... " " Love .
tr	PRES	" Yes , your highness .
tr	PAST	JD signalled his men to lower their weapons .
tr	PRES	" My god ! "
tr	PRES	" Henry 's not getting paid , he just loves to be here . "
tr	PRES	Disappointment begins to bubble under my skin .
tr	PAST	Joe motioned to Danny while grabbing his shoulder , pulling him out of the house and then slamming the door behind them .
tr	PRES	" That 's not all he was trying to get out of you , " Avalon mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	Now Kim 's beginning to think about all the clothes and bedding piled in the cabin with the corpse .
tr	PRES	" Oh , uh , m ' ladies . "
tr	PRES	The Bible talks about the keys to heaven , the keys of David , the keys to the gate , and such .
tr	PAST	Xavier hopped across the tracks as the night fog hovered around his knees .
tr	PAST	Beck announced as if he needed to .
tr	PAST	They both clasped each other 's arms , grinning .
tr	PAST	I sensed the violence within , but you never broke .
tr	PAST	Sakura cocked her head to one side and tried imagining that .
tr	PAST	The explosion wrecked the lower part of the bow of the ship .
tr	PRES	" None of that changes whether or not I like my project , though .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " I lied .
tr	PAST	He dove behind his last henchman , who happened to be holding Miranda from behind in a now loose half Nelson .
tr	PAST	He rode towards the radio station on the ancient three-speed bike he resurrected from the garage .
tr	PRES	" Stupid , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And cleaning ? "
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Jeff bolts toward the door .
tr	PAST	" The milkshakes are harder to forget " she joked .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and forced myself to get out of bed and stumble toward the bathroom for a shower .
tr	PAST	Mairi willed herself to feel something - anything - for Drake Morrison .
tr	PRES	" My name is Dagger , " he corrects Lance yet again over the same channel .
tr	PRES	When he rose to get another bottle , she awakened and rubbed her eyes .
tr	PRES	He reaches down and lifts off the tank top I slept in .
tr	PRES	Ethan blocks him and shoves him back with his good arm .
tr	PRES	" We 're going to be fine , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Sarah stood still , her mind spinning .
tr	PAST	Roger flapped his napkin out onto his lap .
tr	PAST	The mayor motioned to my phone on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	A quiet melody floated on the breeze , beautiful and sad .
tr	PAST	He pitched aside the robe in favor of yanking on his camo pants .
tr	PAST	" It 's a pocket watch , " Mak reported .
tr	PAST	He stated his claims point blank .
tr	PAST	My heart convulsed at the sight of it . '
tr	PRES	" And you , Mr. Roberts ?
tr	PAST	She almost smacked herself for having that thought .
tr	PAST	Closing his eyes , he hauled in a deep breath and forced himself to let go .
tr	PAST	A Greek temple supported by six Doric pillars .
tr	PAST	She even operated on the woman , quite skillfully I might add .
tr	PRES	Lacy , frilly angel fish the size of Frisbees floated in there among wavering sea ferns , their mouths gaping open .
tr	PRES	" Piper McCall ? "
tr	PAST	He sensed intelligence in its mannerisms and behavior , allowing the beast to come close enough to get a good close look in its eyes .
tr	PAST	People panicked and everybody wanted to leave the shrine at once .
tr	PRES	Jesse bitches under his breath , giving me the first glimpse of how possessive he can be .
tr	PRES	And it allows me to go home from time to time , so my family will not miss me too much . "
tr	PRES	As the fight continued to rage for hours , it begins to take its toll on the fighters .
tr	PRES	" Turn left here , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	But Franco 's gaze never strayed .
tr	PAST	Images of the day swirled through her head .
tr	PAST	My informants clue me in on all the important details . "
tr	PAST	What light there was waned rapidly into the dark of space .
tr	PRES	She gulps water and it dribbles down her chin .
tr	PAST	Angry waves exploded against the hull and filled the air with tumbling water .
tr	PRES	When it comes time for the vows , Trick clears his throat and asks if he can say a few words .
tr	PRES	Stephan joins my father .
tr	PRES	" She likes vintage . "
tr	PRES	I assume I will find Br .
tr	PRES	He always snuck up on me .
tr	PRES	' Ye ha ' an idea ? '
tr	PAST	Fury writhed in my veins at the thought .
tr	PAST	He invested wisely in financial deals that helped him corner the market in many instances .
tr	PAST	He motioned with his fingers for her to hand him the phone .
tr	PRES	" Is it Laura ?
tr	PRES	But her face softens , and she touches Marcus 's arm again , this time with a light caress .
tr	PAST	With his wavy , Chex Mix hair and warm amber eyes , he represented everything sane in my life .
tr	PAST	I feared the knowledge would separate me from Michelle and deny me my heaven .
tr	PAST	As he watched , her frown deepened , the corners of her mouth turning her pretty face ugly .
tr	PAST	Bloody and fierce faced figures of Marie , Edward and Stephan shrouded in flaming shadows coiled like predators ready to strike them .
tr	PRES	Anything to make her relax .
tr	PRES	He held Grace 's hand , his shoulder brushing Clay 's as the others swarmed around them .
tr	PAST	But within seconds of him beginning his speech , Don Fisher stormed into the tent studio , grabbed the camera lens and looked straight into it .
tr	PRES	" Ah , yes ... The cure ... " Liana nodded .
tr	PRES	When we hit the bottom , we race across the sea of grass .
tr	PRES	He sighs , taking a sip of water .
tr	PRES	What about that rug ? "
tr	PRES	" Eddie Ramirez ... .
tr	PRES	Foreman lowers his gun laughing , Jennifer sighs in relief .
tr	PRES	" She deserves better than you . "
tr	PAST	Small branches slapped at him as he ran .
tr	PAST	I giggled , " Ya , sure . "
tr	PAST	I thanked whatever it was that made me a privileged observer of this beauty .
tr	PRES	" And part unknown .
tr	PAST	Collapsing where she stood , she wept until she felt herself coming apart .
tr	PRES	The buyers exchange glances as Holly rocks on his heels .
tr	PRES	" You tempt me greatly , Luna , and I 'll admit that your lack of experience presents an extra challenge to my ego . "
tr	PRES	No one remembers our names , that we ever existed .
tr	PAST	The clock in Reacher 's head crawled around to ten in the evening .
tr	PAST	Her generosity in bed extended far beyond the gift of her body .
tr	PRES	" Have you even got two coins to rub together , you jackass ? "
tr	PAST	He uttered breathlessly to himself .
tr	PRES	Four months a year , George carries coal dust like a tom cat carries fleas .
tr	PAST	Offering the Freaks free food in the form of helpless females and brats served no purpose .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the seat and grabs my hand .
tr	PRES	That explains that rock-hard body of hers .
tr	PAST	That required careful and logical phrasing , a delicate choice of words , subtle and concise terminology .
tr	PRES	We slink down the stairs as silently as we can and Blake cracks the door open on the first floor .
tr	PAST	My father almost electrocuted himself putting it back together , but it has never worked since .
tr	PAST	Until then , you 'll just have to guess , " he taunted .
tr	PRES	But you can 't tell Dad or anyone , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Creepy abandoned house with a gory background ? "
tr	PAST	Captain Groves grunted a half-hearted approval .
tr	PAST	With one last good look around , I unzipped the bag and began to descend .
tr	PRES	" Nadia told us about her vision , " Raz mutters , gaze lowered .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my logbook into the front pocket of my pack and have trouble getting the flap closed .
tr	PRES	" Any new scars ? "
tr	PRES	Lyall , that jackass .
tr	PRES	If we let you go , that causes some major problems for us .
tr	PAST	I scribbled the messages and then headed back .
tr	PRES	That man , against everything he knows and I tell him , still loves you . "
tr	PRES	His chest rises and falls against the rhythm of mine and his eyes begin searching my face , scrolling over every feature .
tr	PAST	Iona sought him , needy , hungry , a growl in her throat .
tr	PRES	Silence fills the air before Cole finally speaks again .
tr	PAST	A group of bullets now floated harmlessly in front of Josephine .
tr	PAST	" I mean it , " Neil persisted .
tr	PAST	She stuffed the bag of toys under my desk .
tr	PRES	She glances down at my knee , speculation written all over her face .
tr	PAST	The collision shattered most of his bones .
tr	PRES	The group passes out of view behind some vehicles .
tr	PAST	his youngest daughter chided .
tr	PRES	Each step coils my lumbar and erases memories .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , Syl , " I met her gaze , confidently this time .
tr	PRES	Nothing too obvious , but human skin typically had pores .
tr	PAST	The fingers caressed the hilt .
tr	PAST	He clasped each side of his head and began rocking .
tr	PRES	' And borrow a car . '
tr	PAST	He stripped the restriction from his cock .
tr	PRES	His head snaps up .
tr	PAST	Logan lands her on her feet as billows of smoke escape from the bowling alley .
tr	PRES	An open sign flashes in neon pink from the window and there are groups of people hanging around by the front door .
tr	PAST	Nita steadied herself against one of the support struts that ran up to the gas bladder , and not a moment too soon .
tr	PAST	" We 're getting some strange anomalies on the broad-spectrum scanners , " he announced in a flat tone that carried a hint of an unidentifiable accent .
tr	PRES	" Well , I kinda like baseball .
tr	PRES	But the time ticks by and I 'm still sitting here .
tr	PAST	" You mauled my granddaughter ! "
tr	PAST	Her eyes pierced me like a knife and it took all my energy to maintain eye contact .
tr	PRES	I tire of telling ye this . "
tr	PRES	He wears formal robes , a shining coat of white armor under a flowing robe of swirling white and gold patterns .
tr	PRES	That portion of eastern Europe sports plenty of rebel factions trying to finance an overthrow .
tr	PRES	Letting the words wash over me , sprinkling gold dust over my eyelashes .
tr	PAST	" I would offer to fix you breakfast in bed , but you took care of that already this morning , " he joked .
tr	PRES	Guess I did piss her off .
tr	PRES	She hates me too .
tr	PRES	" That 's true , hon , but now I think there 's more to it than that .
tr	PRES	He padded over to her , towering over her much smaller figure .
tr	PRES	" I wish I 'd gotten to know him before this happened , " Mom murmurs .
tr	PAST	He blanched under the look she gave him .
tr	PRES	" I think Frosty 's dead , " one teenager mumbled to another .
tr	PAST	" Heads up , we have company , " Oliver advised and gestured behind them .
tr	PAST	Jimmy yawned for the first time that night .
tr	PAST	I unfolded it and read , " Dear Jacks , I first want to say I am truly sorry for hurting you throughout this past year .
tr	PRES	The train passing brings up memories of earlier times .
tr	PAST	Felix grunted and took a deep breath .
tr	PAST	The woman 's blue eyes twinkled over her mask .
tr	PAST	He acted as if nothing was wrong .
tr	PAST	In the fallout months , donations faltered and many humanitarian organisations went under .
tr	PRES	He pushes it back and lets the legs of his chair slam down .
tr	PAST	We mailed those to her house a few days ago . "
tr	PRES	Leave me alone , " I shout out as everything around me is completely mute .
tr	PRES	He arches a brow and grins , " Well , except maybe for mine . "
tr	PRES	I assume she 's fine . "
tr	PAST	" No , I -- " She used her hand to prop up her head , which suddenly seemed too large for her body .
tr	PRES	How many boyfriends ? "
tr	PAST	She slapped George Hawley 's cheek .
tr	PAST	The airways , once choked with human generated signals fell silent , and the electronic gadgets , the species had so highly coveted , were rendered useless .
tr	PRES	Turns out he was just off sick . "
tr	PRES	Also my boots stank because the serpent had vomited a half-eaten cat corpse on my feet .
tr	PAST	Cordova stiffened , uttering a low moan , and he went utterly still .
tr	PRES	He cups my face and brushes his lips across mine .
tr	PRES	" And if that fails ? "
tr	PRES	That helps us monitor activity for various reasons . "
tr	PAST	Reaching the bottom of the chasm revealed a transformed space .
tr	PAST	They shuffled awkwardly to one side while he finished cutting a flap large enough for them to fit through .
tr	PAST	" He acted friendly .
tr	PAST	Control , he chided himself silently and he took a deep breath and then another the way that Scotty had always taught him .
tr	PAST	I turned to see a woman , her hair shrouded by a cloth , come out of a side door .
tr	PAST	This fails " just about " and he goes to ground .
tr	PAST	William tensed , but I didn 't back away .
tr	PAST	Sean stuffed the notebook into the pocket of his jacket and started toward the door .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply and looked him in the eyes .
tr	PRES	Cody , the bodyguard tries desperately to keep it professional all while fighting his own inner conflicts and desires to have her back .
tr	PAST	With my eyes open wide , I leaped into the cave .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PRES	I exhale slowly , nuzzling my face against his throat .
tr	PRES	Serena approaches Murphy , taking her place by his side , and raising her trident in the air .
tr	PAST	although she in fact overtly stated nothing .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and fluttered her lashes .
tr	PAST	That night when I fell asleep , I dreamed of Shelby 's face in my window and Jack 's eyes in the woods .
tr	PRES	He wears it on a chain around his neck .
tr	PRES	He snorts , and I wander out of the stable , and down the winding trail to the beach below .
tr	PRES	She and Culver walked slowly , she chewing her lower lip .
tr	PRES	Despite his resolve to remain focused on his mission , a purely physical relationship binds them together in a way neither of them expected .
tr	PRES	He carries me to the spare room , tucks me under the duvet and climbs in beside me .
tr	PAST	" I want to be there , " he stated emphatically .
tr	PAST	Both of them the most heavily defended parts .
tr	PRES	A sound perfectly indescribable in mortal words .
tr	PRES	Murphy glances at Kai , who is quick to jump in .
tr	PRES	" For ... for ... messing this up .
tr	PRES	Again the sound echoes through the air a moment later the lion roars looking to the right while gaining speed .
tr	PAST	Ron hauled him up and away as rocks rained from the ceiling .
tr	PAST	Getting a mental verification of the big man 's position , Garn hopped down off of the gentleman and offered his thanks before moving on .
tr	PAST	They proceeded to the base of the dais .
tr	PAST	' She 's dead , Beth , ' Foley coolly stated .
tr	PAST	Without those geese many a hunter would just go home , I surmised .
tr	PAST	Mick emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later and had actually managed to remove most of the grime from his face and arms .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself against the wall .
tr	PRES	But ... a sex slave ?
tr	PRES	Serena breathes hard and leans her head back against the tree .
tr	PRES	" Finally , " he sighs .
tr	PAST	But before Jonas completed it , I freed John and turned this apartment into a sanctum .
tr	PAST	Miranda reclaimed her spot at the foot of the bed .
tr	PAST	His hungry eyes swooped over every curve and bit of flesh .
tr	PRES	Steve tries to ignore his hot facial sensations .
tr	PAST	" Go for the deer , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	He exhaled long , slow , as if he were trying to meditate himself onto a different plane .
tr	PRES	he mumbled to himself .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't they cheat in the same way yesterday ? "
tr	PRES	He loves you and he deeply loved your mother .
tr	PAST	Maura 's voice wavered between fear and hope .
tr	PRES	Sheppard then grasps Nick around the shoulder in a friendly conciliatory way , drawing him near like a close friend and confidante .
tr	PAST	I tip the shards of glass out onto the floor .
tr	PRES	All around , only whistles and bangs .
tr	PAST	In answer , he rasped , " Want you happy . "
tr	PRES	Her mare tries to nibble her hair , and Kate slaps at her , absently .
tr	PRES	She brings the box and slumps back down in her seat .
tr	PAST	He revealed everything , except that he had a son .
tr	PAST	Reece slapped him on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	Strings of lights twinkle from the canopy above us .
tr	PAST	I stormed up the stairs , down the hallway , up more stairs , and burst into Jolie 's kitchen .
tr	PAST	I clutched her closer , more agony ripping through me as if it were my body that had been broken beyond repair instead of hers .
tr	PRES	She always draws in a crowd .
tr	PRES	The light flashes green , and the heavy door swings wide .
tr	PRES	Steve once again begins to wrestle with his food and this time he gets some of it down , though it tastes like sawdust .
tr	PAST	" Your father named you so before we came here .
tr	PRES	Because a Batgirl costume would be badass .
tr	PRES	He stares at them giving a silent nod goodbye and exits the room quickly .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his coat and shucked it off as he spoke .
tr	PRES	She hates being reminded of the past .
tr	PRES	Kai glances at Serena , then back down at the fish .
tr	PRES	A tingling inches up my veins until my entire body tingles .
tr	PAST	Emma cocked her head and listened and then Ellie heard it too .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand out and places it on my knee .
tr	PRES	As intended the reaction was good natured mutters and gasps .
tr	PAST	Jeff instructed them to flip to the second last page , which they did .
tr	PRES	I bury my face against his shirt and take slow deep breaths .
tr	PRES	Opening his eyes , he rises .
tr	PAST	Ryan served her plate .
tr	PAST	They collected honey like bees and made a deposit of it in their gargantuan nest underground .
tr	PAST	But reality dictated there were too many burdens for it to succeed between Lauren Perkins and Jason Corwin .
tr	PAST	But her heart bore too many scars to risk opening it again .
tr	PAST	He pretended to study one fingernail closely .
tr	PRES	Probably Marjorie Tench too , as senior adviser .
tr	PAST	Jamie untangled her fingers from his and let her hand roam over his chest , her eyes fixed on his chiseled , beautiful face .
tr	PAST	They squinted at it .
tr	PAST	Martin 's flavor of the week , she sniffed .
tr	PRES	He puffs out his chest and grins broadly , looking around the room at al the girls he has to choose from .
tr	PAST	He secured the button on his jeans before answering .
tr	PRES	Abby twirls the string attached to her hoodie .
tr	PAST	Ran joked despite the visibility of sadness in her eyes .
tr	PRES	Baker remains silent , letting the Judge handle this .
tr	PRES	Then the colt lies down on the floor and rolls back and forth across his straw bed like a puppy .
tr	PAST	They hopped into the Taurus .
tr	PAST	She dared not touch him , but she couldn 't bring herself to ask him to leave , either .
tr	PAST	Your little visit in the hospital just proved how twisted you really are . "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and cried , and my mother held me as tightly as she could .
tr	PAST	Dangerous toughs lounged on the street corners .
tr	PAST	The second man in black emerged from the station building and rejoined his partner .
tr	PRES	This is so hard not to give in to , " he begged .
tr	PRES	One of the guards recognizes me and hurries over , throwing a quick salute before he speaks .
tr	PRES	" The babysitter . "
tr	PRES	" Victoria tends to do things in a big way . "
tr	PRES	" It just explains so much about you . "
tr	PAST	He collapsed back onto the bed , his chest shuddering from the effort of his words .
tr	PAST	I propped both hands on my hips and looked up at him with as much bravado as I could manage .
tr	PRES	The beat of the music pulses directly into his heart and rises from a flashing multi-colored floor that is covered by a sea of gyrating dancers .
tr	PAST	As always , Diego marveled at how quickly city turned to open desert , developments and convenience stores soon falling behind .
tr	PRES	I assume that 's what you had in mind ? "
tr	PAST	Bri sensed he felt useless to the group because of his weakness to do earth magick could not help them .
tr	PRES	All of us , Even Gideon . "
tr	PRES	' Oh , splendid !
tr	PAST	Then she skipped over to Blake who was waiting several feet away .
tr	PAST	He tipped up the container for another mouthful .
tr	PRES	Just a playbook without any plays .
tr	PAST	And then he stormed away .
tr	PRES	" The Thirty Seconds to Mars one ? "
tr	PAST	I squinted at the hand-drawn image of the area that used to be called New York City .
tr	PAST	And his skill extended to real estate .
tr	PRES	" Then wash it out with shampoo .
tr	PRES	This time master points forward .
tr	PAST	" It 's the same symbol , " Echo stated as she subconsciously touched the horse on her chest .
tr	PRES	No one pays that much for something legal .
tr	PAST	A holo screen leaped out over the air above it .
tr	PRES	His memory deserves better . "
tr	PRES	Every day dawns blacker and blacker , and I Will lose her forever if you - " " Lose her ? "
tr	PAST	I piled the rags and two pairs of boots up next to my rope and leaned against the wall to rest .
tr	PAST	He leaped to the stone , looking around at the warriors .
tr	PRES	He glances back at Aria , who has regained her composure .
tr	PAST	" I would 've been a good mother , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	" I pretended to be offended , " she continued , " but secretly was dying to swoon on the inside .
tr	PRES	A bit of light from the stars filters down through green growth overhead , but it is still too dark to see more than vague shapes .
tr	PAST	As he ran out of the room , Zinger propped his massive body up again and started using the computer .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the ceiling with his hand .
tr	PRES	" Please , Elector , " he begs .
tr	PRES	The ones you lot never steal . "
tr	PRES	One little poisonous scratch .
tr	PRES	" Handmade triple fudge icing , a secret recipe of mine .
tr	PRES	" Oh ha ha . "
tr	PRES	A wave of heat energy begins at the top of my head and spreads down the back of my neck leaving my skin feeling warm and tingly .
tr	PAST	" For America , " Glenn slurred as he took another cheap shot at Robb , splitting his left eye .
tr	PRES	Marina blocks Nine 's way .
tr	PRES	He hugs me harder .
tr	PRES	She tries to pull her hands away , but I hold tight and keep jumping .
tr	PAST	His words matched the ice blue of his eyes .
tr	PRES	I crouch forward to get a better view .
tr	PAST	I prayed it wasn 't literal but knowing my teacher it could as well be .
tr	PAST	Lucian dumped the contents of the coffee mugs into the sink and rinsed them out .
tr	PAST	But that proved to be easier thought than done .
tr	PAST	Ali pretended to laugh , not wanting to get into exactly why they were fighting .
tr	PAST	Lowering the pack onto the bed , Josh unzipped it and peered inside .
tr	PAST	I gulp , imagining the things that could be lurking in the forest , just waiting for night to fall .
tr	PRES	" The Lord helps those who help themselves .
tr	PRES	He joins me , flicking the blond fringe out of his eyes .
tr	PRES	I snap out of the vision , disorientated .
tr	PRES	he hisses through his teeth .
tr	PAST	Sebastian preferred not to think about where she was going .
tr	PAST	His gaze roamed her upper body before he smirked .
tr	PAST	His piercing blue eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Luna removed the note , crumpled it then removed the plastic wrap .
tr	PRES	The tall , coppery councilor stands , offering me a quiet gesture of reassurance by briefly cupping his claws together .
tr	PRES	I could be going to therapy A young , dark-haired nurse glances up as I pass .
tr	PRES	Probably because of the extreme temperature changes .
tr	PRES	His cheek slides up one side .
tr	PRES	Maisie helps me on her side .
tr	PAST	Nicolas reclined his seat and prepared to sleep , but for some reason he couldn 't relax .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed , as if she 'd turned a flashlight on some wild animal in the woods .
tr	PRES	" Whatcha gon na do , Autry ? "
tr	PAST	He squinted at Reid before he approached him .
tr	PRES	Please let me , " Gina begged .
tr	PAST	The pert reporter persisted , jutting her microphone closer to Jackie 's face with a smug smile .
tr	PAST	Her smile revealed perfect teeth .
tr	PRES	" Over some ghost nonsense ?
tr	PRES	I tremble as his gaze follows his hands .
tr	PRES	Brandy whipped her head around , the flower swinging after .
tr	PAST	" You don 't think I 'm good for anything , " accused Julia .
tr	PRES	" Which drawer ? "
tr	PAST	He readied one dart in one hand and held the second in his other .
tr	PAST	Nate crouched , pointing at the ground .
tr	PRES	" What if she changes her mind ? "
tr	PRES	Dozens of pokey merchant ships huddle together inside our circled wagons as we cross the ocean as fast as our slowest vessel will let us .
tr	PRES	" You the captain ? "
tr	PAST	George delayed eating his chicken nugget for just a moment as he beheld the speaker .
tr	PAST	From there , I crawled through a small opening and into a space big enough for me to lie down in but not stand .
tr	PRES	The crowd bursts into applause ; it 's nothing like the polite welcome Perry had gotten when he 'd arrived earlier .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 've had a religious experience of some kind ? "
tr	PAST	She pinched the bridge of her nose , hoping to stem the tide of mortification , arousal and embarrassment rising to her face .
tr	PAST	Aiden stiffened behind me .
tr	PAST	With sword in hand , Tasha skipped over the almost unmoving form of Hal and began to climb up the steps .
tr	PAST	The man in black shuffled the cards with flying , merging rapidity .
tr	PAST	He plunged his tongue thick and sure across me .
tr	PAST	She watches me roll by , her quilt resting on her lap , a slight smile on her lips .
tr	PAST	She never reported in or anything .
tr	PAST	Erin sensed he was too deeply into painting her black to even see there could be other colours .
tr	PAST	He wavered , and I reached to steady him .
tr	PRES	This worth ' illegal ' ? "
tr	PAST	I shrank back into the corner and slid to the floor , pushing with my legs until my back was plastered into the V of the wal .
tr	PAST	Her neighbor was a sheep rancher , named Charley Cotton .
tr	PRES	In order to properly restore the integrity of these earlier scriptures , the Qur ' an freely draws on biblical stories and repeats many biblical themes .
tr	PRES	No one trusts the voices in your head .
tr	PAST	She seriously doubted if she 'd ever be able to go back to a regular Earth bed after this .
tr	PRES	She pinches my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Elizabeth , " Emma whispers .
tr	PRES	There was a letter from her sister and she set it on top , her fingertips lingering on the paper a heartbeat longer than necessary .
tr	PRES	" That Tench attack this afternoon ?
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged to her back , although I really didn 't know what I was begging for .
tr	PRES	Our belief lies within ourselves , our brothers in arms .
tr	PAST	" Last night 's storm washed contamination well past many of the barriers .
tr	PAST	Eventually he subsided and lay trying to make sense of it all .
tr	PAST	Macon hopped up on the island .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sure it 's fine , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her end featured a grand master bathroom , mini kitchen in the suite , study , entertainment plaza , and private balcony .
tr	PRES	And a physical attraction .
tr	PAST	" Ya stole my ID . "
tr	PAST	Can you fix it in time ? "
tr	PRES	" Bad headache . "
tr	PRES	Abby 's words crash in my mind .
tr	PRES	As we drive away from the parking lot I lean my head against the window and watch the club as it minimizes in the rearview mirror .
tr	PAST	He readjusted himself to make her more comfortable .
tr	PAST	He rinsed himself , casually lifting his balls to wash away the soap there .
tr	PRES	What about mud puddles ? "
tr	PAST	Peeling off his gloves , he stomped the light dusting of snow off his boots and knocked on the kitchen door Thursday morning .
tr	PAST	He eyed them curiously as he approached the lectern .
tr	PAST	Myo downed the rest of his tea and held out his cup for more .
tr	PRES	The birds around no longer sing , and the moon waxes and wanes in one , single constant motion . '
tr	PRES	I crack a smile and lean back against the door .
tr	PAST	Ron hammered some more , knocked off the doorknob for good measure , jabbed the screwdriver into the lock , flung his body against the door .
tr	PAST	I tipped it back , giving him greater access .
tr	PAST	Joni 's sweet voice floated through the phone .
tr	PAST	Chapter 37 Ambassador Varg fled through the tunnels of the Deeps , and Tavi followed .
tr	PAST	For a moment his heart leaped and his whole body started .
tr	PAST	As we were enjoying breakfast and coffee , Ellery received a text message from her ex-boyfriend , Kyle .
tr	PRES	" He will , someday , " Gemma whispers to me .
tr	PAST	' Whatever you think is keeping you in Tokyo will flow under any surfboard you ride , ' urged Shimizu .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes it pays to trust the right people . "
tr	PRES	She lets out a sharp laugh as tears slip out of her eyes .
tr	PAST	The adult wolf sniffed me from head to toe , then barked at Rudi .
tr	PAST	Kylie sensed it right away .
tr	PRES	I just assume do it myself .
tr	PRES	She loves lots of things . "
tr	PAST	" Walk it off , " Pate advised him , and his eyes flashed then .
tr	PRES	" I feed her now . "
tr	PAST	Each inch of fragile skin revealed made his mouth go dry .
tr	PRES	" Sir Horace loves his old castle .
tr	PAST	As soon as she was spotted , the talk in the room died , each person nudging the person beside them to point out her presence .
tr	PRES	Jesse slides into the bleacher next to me , his leg pressing up against mine from hip to knee .
tr	PAST	" I knew I 'd heard someone shuffling around , " stated the housekeeper , puffing her chest out with pride .
tr	PAST	Stefan clutched at my hips and began bucking his hips , moving me faster over his cock , his mouth on my throat .
tr	PRES	Occasionally a muffled whisper sneaks into my cell .
tr	PRES	I shone the flashlight into the unit and immediately wished I hadn 't , what was inside was both terrifying and disgusting .
tr	PAST	Keeley mumbled something appropriate and fought another yawn as he departed the chamber . '
tr	PAST	She shrieked , jumping out of the path just in time .
tr	PRES	Just when I think we ´ re never going to make it through , I observe a city just below the cloud cover .
tr	PRES	Something buzzes across my skin .
tr	PRES	I tremble with aftershocks .
tr	PAST	The window exploded inwards , shards of crystal shattering and scattering into the shop and onto the pavement around my feet .
tr	PRES	He stands and rushes towards the door .
tr	PAST	Even in confinement his masters revealed their presence .
tr	PAST	He inched forward and peered over .
tr	PAST	The Stalker Man 's blue eyes dimmed from electric blue to navy .
tr	PRES	She pushes her way past us and hurries toward the path .
tr	PAST	Nora eyed me , and I sensed that an idea was coursing through that brain of hers .
tr	PAST	When he opened them , he acted as if what had just passed between us hadn 't happened .
tr	PAST	Marcus presses his index finger to my sternum , in the gap between my collarbones , and leans over me .
tr	PAST	She pretended to be interested in him .
tr	PAST	The glove caressed the length of her arm as Alistair drew it off .
tr	PRES	She sighs , showing some heaviness .
tr	PAST	I hooked them behind my ear .
tr	PAST	Together , they created this ... mess . "
tr	PRES	There remains the one organ which the World Court has used as the criterion of humanity . "
tr	PRES	" We should leave , " Carolina whispers , pulling Jeremy away from the space the man previously occupied .
tr	PRES	He stands up straight , but is still about an inch shy of reaching my height .
tr	PAST	I sniffed sharply , realising that a few hot tears had begun to trace their way down my face .
tr	PAST	He screeched and soared out into the wasteland , off once more to search and tell the hounds to set off once more .
tr	PRES	I mumbled to myself .
tr	PAST	" You 're a bad man , " I accused heatedly but with a playful smile .
tr	PRES	He tries fighting them off , but he isn 't powerful enough to stand against the tide of panicked punks .
tr	PAST	Mom , of course , perked up at the word shopping .
tr	PAST	I sensed something huge land behind me , and felt hot eyes boring into my back , but I didn 't turn or shrink away .
tr	PRES	I yell when I open the front door .
tr	PRES	Seeing her brings a smile to my face .
tr	PRES	She helps me in my own workshop sometimes and is talented , but I must warn you that she is very shy .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eleven The seat belt cut into Cale 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Sam regarded the hole in her chest dully .
tr	PRES	" Don 't know why both women had to go , " he mumbled as he sat down .
tr	PAST	" It 's an alarm , " I screeched .
tr	PAST	" Don 't shoot him , " instructed the monk .
tr	PRES	My mind flicks back to the long correspondences we sometimes had when he was travelling on his field studies .
tr	PAST	He only volunteered to impress his new wife Baroness Ann .
tr	PRES	I assume you remember her . '
tr	PRES	" I could make you worry about me , " Nicholas carries on the conversation without missing a beat .
tr	PRES	Yet as the day of the Xavier Drawing swiftly approaches , an old enemy rises from the ashes , and this time in terrifying force .
tr	PAST	A faint smile tugged at Antonio 's lips .
tr	PAST	In first class , I reclined , unbuckled , in a plush seat .
tr	PAST	He crouched low to present less of a target .
tr	PAST	As much as he wanted it to work , he feared Skyler could not be recovered and Dimitri would be pushed over the edge into madness .
tr	PAST	Damon hooked them with his fingers and tugged them the rest of the way down her legs and tossed them over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Quinn balled his fists around the hem of his T-shirt .
tr	PAST	At that Reyes 's lips curved , but he quickly closed his eyes and suppressed his sudden amusement .
tr	PRES	" But do they always feed us so early ?
tr	PRES	He releases the clasp then slides his hands under the straps and over each shoulder , letting it fall to the floor .
tr	PAST	Sweet , sweet relief washed over her as she spun around - until she caught sight of him .
tr	PRES	' OK then , Judas .
tr	PRES	" The ocean ! "
tr	PRES	Just black , white , and gray shapes blending with the snow and the night as they raced toward the enemy .
tr	PRES	Luke stares up at the top .
tr	PAST	Got him away from the followers he kept so close . "
tr	PRES	I dive for it , almost stumbling in the process .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	It barreled toward Colton and the others .
tr	PRES	" I assume you came to help with the Collars ? "
tr	PAST	I faked a suicide attempt because I was ticked off with my parents .
tr	PRES	Ye ken what to do !
tr	PAST	He cocked his brow .
tr	PRES	" I know him , " Julia mumbled .
tr	PAST	Many items accumulated over the years , so seemingly precious at the time , received the dreaded tag for sale out in the yard .
tr	PRES	Enough to make you puke . "
tr	PAST	For some , God 's mercy in the matter only served as a license to continue in the research .
tr	PRES	He opens the cupboard and takes out a box of cereal .
tr	PAST	Lavina yawned and pulled a blanket up under her chin .
tr	PAST	" Spinach Madeleine , " I countered .
tr	PRES	Everything that we do needs it , uses it . "
tr	PRES	So stop flattering yourself . "
tr	PRES	Then she whipped the curtain back in place , jerking it past the closing point , pressing it against the window with her hands .
tr	PRES	And the sound of mingled voices , young and high and very sweet , singing that song .
tr	PRES	With my Hello Kitty flashlight . "
tr	PAST	The lower jaw extended well past his heavy skull , exposing the teeth within .
tr	PAST	There 's a heavy jamming on our electronics suits , " reported by Commander Valdes .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the door .
tr	PRES	Her chest rises on an inhale , and I find myself breathing in tandem .
tr	PAST	I doubted it , but anything was worth a try .
tr	PRES	I simply exist and do my duty toward our people .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap over to Olivia 's mom .
tr	PAST	David motioned to the armored car .
tr	PAST	Frustrated , we finally split the party , and those of us who were uninjured rode on at a brisk pace , hoping to cut our time .
tr	PAST	Screams exploded from my mouth as deep lava surged inside me .
tr	PRES	After a few minutes , Kamil brings up the fact that their visitor visas have expired .
tr	PRES	Pretty significant drawback , if you ask me . "
tr	PAST	The two others seized the bloody hand from him and ripped it into two between them .
tr	PAST	Her effort proved unnecessary .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Pol ! "
tr	PAST	Those nervous eyes flicked to Dorian .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to scrub my skin and hair twice under practically cold water , then watched while I brushed my teeth and rinsed my mouth with mouthwash .
tr	PRES	Two lonely people connect on a dirt road in the Himalayas , dancing to Bob Marley .
tr	PAST	Margaret exclaimed with her face nosing through the door .
tr	PRES	No halo of light shone over Tar 's head .
tr	PRES	He opens a door , stabs out with a spear , everyone cheers and goes home sated with blood . "
tr	PRES	" Late seventeenth century . "
tr	PRES	In the sky , half way between day and night , in a timeless twilight , three dots shine brightly .
tr	PRES	Sometimes it even tickles my numb memory .
tr	PRES	The woman stands to scan the audience .
tr	PRES	' Your Highness ! '
tr	PAST	Pete 's my buddy , he hooked us all up . "
tr	PRES	The return journey passes quickly because I 'm running .
tr	PAST	I clutched at Juliet and stopped breathing .
tr	PRES	She seats herself on the couch instead of her usual spot in the chair .
tr	PAST	Annoyance jabbed him at her stubborn insistence to keep him at a distance .
tr	PRES	On this yellow world wounds and injuries healed at an amazing rate .
tr	PRES	" No shit , " I mumbled back .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , but was unable to relax .
tr	PRES	" It changes - twenty-one today , but the numbers are going down . "
tr	PAST	He eyed Tessa thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	While the others grouped together far away from the stench of rotting meat as possible , I crouched by the miner and watched .
tr	PAST	He hasn 't lied to her before , and he 's not going to start now .
tr	PAST	I was starting to smell a rat , a two legged one , like this dame wasn 't exactly on the up and up . "
tr	PRES	I dab foundation over it , but the make-up isn 't really doing its job .
tr	PRES	Murphy hisses , annoyed at the delay in responding to the king 's request .
tr	PRES	What if I suffocate like this ?
tr	PAST	Andrew propped his shoulder against the dark paint just out of arm 's reach .
tr	PRES	A loud gasp fills the air .
tr	PRES	Her mind ticks off lighting angles that would augment the moire .
tr	PAST	Bash stormed up to the door and strode boldly into the house .
tr	PRES	" And by raising the prices we solve the problem . "
tr	PRES	" Because losing a Mark during training looks bad , " he bit out , his powerful frame taut with frustration .
tr	PRES	His eyes darken , and he licks his lips .
tr	PAST	She exited the rear of the mansion and headed straight into the woods , which eventually led to the sandy hills and the ocean water .
tr	PRES	In a moment he remembers why he 's here .
tr	PRES	Without turning , she reaches back a hand , grabbing on to mine .
tr	PAST	After a large and pronounced swallow , he crawled forward , eager to get another piece of his uncle .
tr	PAST	" Tony Diesel was like a rock god , " Holt announced .
tr	PAST	" Now we never established it was even my ... . "
tr	PAST	He collected the cash that the fat man had left and stuffed it into the register .
tr	PRES	He slips out of their grip , tries to get back in the house , but the soldiers stop him .
tr	PRES	' ' Enough . "
tr	PRES	I scratch my head , confused .
tr	PRES	Her head bangs into another rock and then a third and fourth .
tr	PRES	Hank obliged and passed him a box of stick matches and told him to keep them .
tr	PRES	Closer to the surface Arun enters a layer , a shell of pain .
tr	PRES	He lets out a contented sigh .
tr	PAST	Surely the hopelessness of his situation warranted it .
tr	PRES	He reclaimed his seat , brushed off his sleeves , and tried to regain his composure .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved ; they were still plump and red , he saw , younger than her face would suggest .
tr	PAST	He actually cowered in fear when I made the motion to stab him .
tr	PRES	" I hate them , " Roman mumbled .
tr	PRES	But - " " No buts , " the three of them said in unison .
tr	PRES	" A housekeeper ? "
tr	PAST	Her stomach swirled uneasily as she realized where they were probably headed .
tr	PAST	Then I stole his car and came home , and he showed up .
tr	PRES	She loves creativity in all its forms : art , music , literature , etc. .
tr	PRES	" A miracle . "
tr	PAST	A bittersweet sensation collected in her chest , happiness and sadness colliding as she finished packing her things to move to Chicago .
tr	PRES	And all of this affects our community in ways we can 't even fathom .
tr	PAST	He flicked his tongue across her clit , and her h * ps jolted off the bed .
tr	PAST	I calculated just how this incident would be distorted by the time it got back to Brandon .
tr	PAST	But the next minute , a small figure emerged from the canyon , leading a steer on a rope .
tr	PRES	They rolled , their arms and legs slapping together .
tr	PAST	Perk mopped his brow and addressed Greene in perfect English with a hint of European accent .
tr	PRES	As I let go and make my leave , I mutter , " God bless you , Father Robert .
tr	PRES	" Actually , my aunt collects spell books .
tr	PAST	Starting the car , Holly reversed out of the driveway , knowing exactly what she needed to do .
tr	PRES	He enters through the window and Grant 's children jump out .
tr	PAST	The man persisted , " Mister , this watch here , it cost me three hundred dollars .
tr	PRES	The main one -- called the Temple of the Sun , no less -- points directly at the setting sun on New Year 's day .
tr	PAST	But no one else bothered to clarify .
tr	PRES	" The outer limit of the Dauntless patrols . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply when I realized that was exactly the problem .
tr	PAST	" Kristie , you 're doing fine , " reassured Bryce .
tr	PRES	Tori stands right behind me and pushes me toward the doorway .
tr	PRES	My stomach twitches in excitement when Alec stops in the center of the room and turns toward me .
tr	PRES	Better mistrust undeserved than rash words .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Jude mumbled .
tr	PAST	He yawned , " You 're going to have to learn to trust me . "
tr	PAST	I scooted her coffee across the counter and waited .
tr	PRES	For his spirit , in these woods , remains .
tr	PRES	Zeke lets out a loud laugh and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	" She came after me first , " I protest .
tr	PRES	He approaches them slowly .
tr	PRES	I smack his shoulder , and he gives me his signature , suggestive half grin .
tr	PAST	He sensed that it was as difficult for her to lie as it was to be rude .
tr	PAST	Deciding it was probably best if she supervised Kyle 's little ghost hunt , Grace motioned for them to precede her to the stairwell .
tr	PAST	Seth , Shannon and Ryder dove over the backseat , into the trunk space , and pressed themselves against the window .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped several beats when he looked down at her and smiled .
tr	PAST	The lift jolted into life , and Douglas quickly held Margo as she nearly collided with the wall .
tr	PRES	But a few days later , new ones arrive .
tr	PAST	Callum stifled a growl , stopped , turned to Sonia 's guardian and regarded him in silence .
tr	PRES	Can farmers even feed us all ? "
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged on a frantic whisper .
tr	PAST	The rumble of thunder , when it came , was softer than before but she still stiffened .
tr	PAST	Instead , I dreamed of walking an endless beach , nothing but breakers and dunes to either side .
tr	PRES	He went over onto his back , his eyes gleaming in the shadows .
tr	PAST	He slapped her face .
tr	PRES	And , before you ask , no dancing hula girl figurines either . "
tr	PRES	Prewitt stands in the wall corner with crossed arms , wearing a sour puss face minus his real weapons .
tr	PAST	" Well , since you were in college , anyway , " she hedged .
tr	PAST	She felt released , her bare stomach and shoulders revealed to the cold air .
tr	PRES	A command strikes his left ear , brash but welcoming .
tr	PAST	Inserting the coin , Rick dialed his home phone number .
tr	PAST	Below it , no car moved , no streetlight glowed .
tr	PRES	" He 's never learned to handle his grief , " Marceline explains .
tr	PAST	Finally , around two thirty he emerged , clean-shaven , neatly dressed in jeans and boots , and bundled into his jacket and scarf .
tr	PRES	" I almost hesitate to ask this , Señor , but can you think of anyone who would want him dead ? "
tr	PAST	He urged the car forward a little faster , still trying to feel the old timbers through the steering mechanism .
tr	PRES	Minnie wishes to know whether you are starving , though I don 't know what she proposes to do about it , should the answer be yes .
tr	PRES	The officer glances at the rucksack .
tr	PAST	Ellen 's face blanched .
tr	PRES	Evan snaps his fingers and slams his hand down on the bed beside my hip .
tr	PRES	What if it just kills us anyway ? "
tr	PRES	Vel stands on one side of me , ready to interpret .
tr	PRES	My fist falls against the door .
tr	PAST	Oddly , the daughter provided a much-needed link to normalcy .
tr	PRES	It lets me know when someone is checking up on me , too . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't be a dope , " Dervish snaps .
tr	PAST	" Just -- peachy , " I grunted .
tr	PRES	" I know , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	He regarded me for a moment , as though not quite believing me .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	Taller , broader of shoulders , and somehow - even shrouded by the cloak - male .
tr	PRES	" A mole ? "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , swirling back around to look up at him .
tr	PRES	As he watched , the blisters fading , the pain lessening , the skin resuming its normal pallor .
tr	PRES	" Which deals with ? "
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , much annoyed .
tr	PRES	It lies with the board , and he who controls the board , controls the Company . "
tr	PRES	" Why , Merit , you sly girl .
tr	PAST	With my heart beating a tad faster than normal , I dialed his number from the house phone .
tr	PAST	" But I handled it . "
tr	PAST	" Combustion fuel explosion detected coinciding with detection of driver unit " Mother reported , " maximum locomotion to point of destruction " .
tr	PRES	Jason draws his pistol .
tr	PAST	Jiao feared that nightmares might be too much for some of the crew and she wanted to know in advance if anyone couldn 't handle them .
tr	PAST	Louder voices arose behind her and she realized that she had got her directions switched and was walking directly away from the camp again .
tr	PAST	I clasped my hands together in front of me .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes and nodded in agreement .
tr	PAST	Mandrake 's speech slowed , as he began gasping for air .
tr	PRES	He rises to his feet , tall and brittle .
tr	PRES	He loves you so much it 's eating him alive . "
tr	PAST	He swirled his sword and dashed at Ember .
tr	PAST	The glass shattered with a slight electrical discharge arcing to the blade as it went through .
tr	PRES	A bolt of lightning bursts before us .
tr	PRES	She inhales sharply before bringing her hands to her hips .
tr	PRES	" You can go without me , " I begged him .
tr	PAST	He related the bare minimum required to bring her up to speed , while simultaneously reaching out to Eve .
tr	PRES	Just glares at me .
tr	PRES	Annabelle laughed , the sound carefree .
tr	PRES	The place stank like a pig sty .
tr	PRES	" Then it remains in force . "
tr	PRES	Jez releases his grip , " sorry . "
tr	PAST	I stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	But Leo -- " " No , " Lily said .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , I think , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " " Really ? "
tr	PRES	Come on , " I heard her voice rumbling inside her , " relax a little , open your eyes , look around . "
tr	PRES	" I hate both of you , " I mumbled , and rested my cheek on the cool glass .
tr	PAST	After five minutes , we split up to go to our destinations .
tr	PRES	" I belong . "
tr	PRES	" It bothers you that I don 't ask you questions about your life , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	A harsh wind rattles the front windows , swoops down the chimney .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to be calm and to think .
tr	PAST	Sandra stated as she held Rafe 's gaze .
tr	PAST	Silence engulfed the salon .
tr	PRES	" Maxim 's spirit still remains in the land of ghosts , and that is where my spirit is .
tr	PAST	He pretended not to care , cracking his jokes and snorting here and there .
tr	PAST	Cale reappeared out of the bathroom just as we were arriving at our next venue in New Orleans .
tr	PRES	They rebuilt the factory and put people back to work as though nothing happened .
tr	PAST	He scooted backward and rose to his full height .
tr	PRES	And yeah , it pisses me off .
tr	PAST	With Coral 's help she donned her helmet and slung her shield .
tr	PRES	An insane urge to defy him rouses inside of me as a smile creeps across my face .
tr	PAST	Without saying a word he proceeded to kiss the tears away .
tr	PRES	Nothing deserves such torture . "
tr	PRES	The floor creaks beneath my feet , and it feels both odd and normal to push the door closed with my heel .
tr	PRES	We 'll just have to see what we can do about them , then , " he murmurs , catching my wrist .
tr	PRES	" Sleep now , tomorrow it 's going to be a long day . "
tr	PAST	I taxied my plane to the hangar and cut the engine .
tr	PRES	It falls to the sand in a pile of plastic and string .
tr	PRES	Isaiah 's expression never changes : one long , continuous stone-cold glare .
tr	PAST	We don 't know what damage he might have right now , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	Woodpecker visited him a few times and assessed where things of his interest were stored and what access from outside was available .
tr	PRES	Everything disappears and I 'm left with only emptiness .
tr	PRES	" No one steals from the leprechaun gang and gets away with it .
tr	PRES	He sheds his pants then picks me up and carries me to the bed .
tr	PRES	" We need to see Dr. Warren now , " she hisses .
tr	PRES	" Bennet , " I correct automatically .
tr	PAST	The nerd with patchy clumps of hair across his chin giggled .
tr	PAST	She flicked the earring like a coin , and it flipped up to Josh 's face .
tr	PRES	I dropped my chin to see the wistful smile on her face , her fingertips playing with mine .
tr	PRES	" Please let them go , Rick .
tr	PRES	Sadness fills his voice , and I can feel the tears welling in my lids .
tr	PAST	Her scanty undergarments revealed more than they hid .
tr	PRES	" Worm pups ! "
tr	PRES	Then it reaches into her own body and pulls out a larger than normal fork and knife combo .
tr	PRES	She carries a tray of food , which she sets down on the bed .
tr	PRES	" So ... " Amelie prompted .
tr	PAST	Members of the chief 's squad slapped them across their faces and heads with batons .
tr	PAST	When they appeared , Mercy , the third prayer ambassador , leaped to her feet as if she 'd been sitting on a mattress spring .
tr	PRES	" Are ye sure ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume you came in here to tell me something ? "
tr	PRES	Chancellor Montauban opens his mouth to argue some more , but Duval interrupts him .
tr	PAST	Dimitri had virtually risked his life to save theirs and they had repaid him with betrayal and torture .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand to Ken and me .
tr	PRES	Assessing the remaining wounds inflicted , the hero finally begins to understand the severity of the situation .
tr	PAST	The mortals here created the tale of the Lady of the Lake to explain things away to their satisfaction .
tr	PAST	" I must have slapped her a dozen times , " stated Kevin .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen . "
tr	PAST	Carefully , he reread the article .
tr	PRES	He plays the gentleman , giving a gesture of surrender .
tr	PRES	" Amanda screwed things up and she 's probably in danger . "
tr	PAST	Jasmine giggled and passed the baby over to Ryan .
tr	PAST	Yet when he came across some very old manuscripts written by a man named Hugh Ross and some of his associates all of that changed .
tr	PAST	Because she wouldn 't come to the man who 'd stripped her of everything .
tr	PRES	" Exactly , " she teased back .
tr	PRES	" It looks wonderful , " Lucky beamed at him .
tr	PRES	The Atlantic Ocean borders this capital city to the north .
tr	PAST	He prayed constantly , repenting and thanking God for saving him .
tr	PRES	They flock to watch this buffoon act like the King .
tr	PAST	" Call them now , " Kaden advised .
tr	PAST	Rather , Tucker chattered , and Tanner listened .
tr	PRES	" I piss on your occasion ! "
tr	PRES	He lies down beside me on the bed , surprising me , and turns his head toward me .
tr	PAST	The Labrador 's ears perked up , twitching in his direction .
tr	PAST	At the same instant , his cell phone beeped with a text message .
tr	PRES	" What about our other jobs ? "
tr	PAST	Lexi clasped her hand to her mouth and looked at me with wide eyes .
tr	PAST	Not a consul appointed who didn 't owe thousands . "
tr	PRES	She opens up a little more when she understands that most of the truth is fair ground .
tr	PRES	The sun shone down .
tr	PAST	Emily secured the baby in the cradle of her arms and moved to a chair .
tr	PAST	A chicken pecked at the ground .
tr	PAST	" Well , when I was in New York , a songwriter named Max Rich ... " I talked and he listened .
tr	PAST	" Exactly , " Powers cocked an eyebrow at the Brit .
tr	PRES	Not the same spark that I keep getting from Blake .
tr	PAST	He swiped the baby from Emily 's shoulder and lowered his oversize body into the seat to finish burping the infant .
tr	PRES	Danica and I reappear as I toss the weapon onto the floor .
tr	PAST	Sarah exhaled sharply in exasperation .
tr	PAST	I downed a couple of Tylenol , slipped out of the remains of my rented tux , and cleaned up the cut on my leg .
tr	PAST	My sister said my father at first handled the family affairs , our allowances , that kind of thing .
tr	PAST	He sketched a courtly bow to them both .
tr	PAST	Judy Morrison , my co-president of the Puget Sound Chapter of Sisters in Crime , also provided valuable insights and encouragement .
tr	PAST	" I should have never put you on the Elixir , " he countered .
tr	PAST	I selected a copy of the book I 'd been reading from off of a shelf before settling down on the floor .
tr	PRES	" I 'm beginning to , Black Beard , " Gray Wolf states as he tries to envision their ship full of men fighting each other .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side , acting like she didn 't know exactly what he was saying .
tr	PAST	He gently cleaned the stickiness from my chest .
tr	PAST	" Speaking of which ... " Catherine tugged her hand free to twine her fingers in her lap .
tr	PAST	They cleaned it up pretty quickly .
tr	PRES	Just him and his stupid fries .
tr	PAST	Moving as fast as she could on partially numb legs , she prayed with every step that April was still alive .
tr	PAST	* In the morning I awoke to an empty bed and another pale golden envelope .
tr	PAST	I clutched the counter more firmly , to hold myself upright if the wound made me woozy again .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " Emma whispers .
tr	PRES	Which brings me to my point today . "
tr	PRES	Jesse parks the car , still amused .
tr	PAST	Maybe he preferred his freedom .
tr	PRES	" Thou hath a son ? "
tr	PRES	The ability allows us to see things that happened within the proximity of the memory holder .
tr	PRES	" Bingo , Yahtzee and Connect Four . "
tr	PRES	" The whole country , " my mother corrects her .
tr	PAST	I crisscrossed my legs and leaned forward , nodding at him to keep going .
tr	PAST	The way he referred to his books and himself as ' we ' was charming .
tr	PAST	In his mind , he willed it to stop .
tr	PAST	Most people hooted and hollered , shaking their angry fists in agreement .
tr	PRES	The farther north we go , the more the land changes .
tr	PAST	Huntress replaced the arrow as efficiently as she had taken it out , " My apologies , I was not expecting you . "
tr	PAST	After about an hour of running , I doubted I had travelled fifteen kilometres , and I couldn 't see anything .
tr	PAST	The stranger pitched a 5x8 manila envelope out of the car and to the ground .
tr	PAST	My brain exploded in panic as I realised my hands and feet were tied and I was flying back towards the hard chequered floor .
tr	PRES	One heart stops , and many die .
tr	PRES	" You 're such a liar , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	The cold glamour still buzzed beneath my skin , and I could taste metal on the air .
tr	PAST	Despite other distractions competing for my attention , that anxiety lingered like a vicious thorn .
tr	PAST	And the earth split open in front of Persephone 's feet .
tr	PRES	The door thumps in jags .
tr	PAST	She exhaled before turning around .
tr	PAST	Enrique ragged me on the phone for hanging out with Shifters , so it must have made him laugh to send me into a nest of them .
tr	PRES	' Tigers , eh ? '
tr	PAST	He stole through the outer walls unseen , and after a brief study of the servant 's livery , reappeared wearing a perfect replica .
tr	PAST	She awoke with a start -- sensing that someone else was in the room .
tr	PRES	Jack releases me and grins .
tr	PAST	Travis measured the pig feed and set down the bowl for Gregory to eat .
tr	PRES	The sheer force of the explosion throws me to the floor and there is an immediate ringing in my ears .
tr	PRES	" Spencer Hastings ? "
tr	PAST	Two gang members that appeared to be looking for trouble eyed him with sleazy smiles .
tr	PAST	You denied - " He thumped his hand on the desk .
tr	PRES	" You a cop ? "
tr	PAST	They painted it yellow and blue -- it 's really cute .
tr	PAST	Keller gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	Black pants and a silk button down shirt only accented his power .
tr	PRES	" Are you still there , Mason ? "
tr	PRES	Jordan shone his light toward him .
tr	PAST	A pounding on the outside of the sub jolted Rachel out of the delirium .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to touch me again , but then pulls back .
tr	PRES	Now get the fuck out of my way , " I bark .
tr	PAST	he inquired , sitting up behind her .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " I murmur , pushing past her .
tr	PAST	" Um , yeah , " she mumbled , not sure if she meant it .
tr	PAST	I was about to give up and leave the store , my belief in the Moleskine defeated , when I felt a tap on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	" Cliff thanked me for the cookies .
tr	PAST	" Lay down on the table , " the doctor instructed .
tr	PRES	The woman 's expression of shock and wonderment begins to melt , giving way to something else .
tr	PRES	A subtle clue points to one person and one person only and the detective sees it though no one else does .
tr	PRES	" Exactly , " she mutters , still staring the tub down .
tr	PRES	THE HARVEST By Scott Nicholson It falls from the heavens and crashes to earth in the remote southern Appalachian Mountains .
tr	PAST	She sobbed the words against his chest .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Drake . "
tr	PRES	" Burn to ash every person who tries to climb those stairs ?
tr	PRES	" I tried to play nice with you , Elise , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" Adrian , " I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	When the transaction was completed , Nick extended the small package toward Sarah .
tr	PRES	" He talks ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted it would involve a lot of talking .
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , Onyx ? "
tr	PRES	" Your Highness ! "
tr	PAST	I worshipped the ground Mary Elizabeth walked on .
tr	PAST	He eyed the second envelope curiously before pulling out the sheet of paper .
tr	PAST	The body stiffened to his command but only for an instant before once more coming apart on the cellular level .
tr	PAST	The lush carpeting revealed a very squared pattern of pacing .
tr	PRES	Finally he loses control and then BANG !
tr	PRES	Gradually coming into view , a horrendous monster dragging an object behind it slows to a stop near the center of the platform .
tr	PRES	He stands up in the aisle of the lecture theatre , gesturing with his arm for me to go ahead .
tr	PRES	My sister holds me up .
tr	PAST	Ginger tugged my arm .
tr	PRES	" Supporting him with this isn 't helping him , Bonnie !
tr	PAST	After Damen had parked the sailboat in its private dock , he served both of them dinner in bed .
tr	PRES	His eyes darken , his smile devious , and he cocks his head to the side .
tr	PRES	She loves you , Shadow .
tr	PAST	They inched closer to the woods edge as did the others .
tr	PAST	She jabbed him with the needle , and let the medication in .
tr	PRES	Better value than Tony .
tr	PAST	* " Interesting sort of bloke .
tr	PRES	Within a short time she returns with two glasses of water . "
tr	PAST	I unzipped the dress and stepped out of it .
tr	PAST	More and more children collapsed .
tr	PRES	Strange children warped by radiation or chemicals .
tr	PRES	He still hates your guts .
tr	PAST	Drake regarded Gregor for a moment .
tr	PAST	Travis palmed the heads of both Geoff and Samantha .
tr	PAST	He squealed , falling back as blood spurted forth .
tr	PAST	I crawled out of the van and stood up .
tr	PRES	Holy fuck fuck fuck !
tr	PRES	Kai clears his throat , and both maidens look over at him .
tr	PRES	" The basement storeroom .
tr	PRES	" Listen , " she hisses , showing me a glimpse of the scary woman she was in the parking lot of Santo 's .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed with wide-eyed innocence , " I 'm not thinking anything . "
tr	PAST	His lips curved into a smile .
tr	PAST	Fur exploded along their bodies .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the three men behind her and stepped back .
tr	PRES	The plump girl stands from her chair , smiling and waving both her arms and hands .
tr	PRES	She throws herself at the world and is confident the world will catch her .
tr	PAST	I stomped on his heart ?
tr	PAST	The blade unfolded , projecting my reflection , and I closed it back up .
tr	PAST	Gollum misunderstanding the gesture , squealed and fell down .
tr	PRES	Perhaps the old phrase remains true , but I am sure I cannot say .
tr	PRES	Valdez actually chuckles at this comment .
tr	PAST	He had doubted whether the weapon would survive extended submersion , so it was home in his bedroom .
tr	PRES	Loves to spoil me rotten yet pushes me to be better .
tr	PAST	The rosy peaks anticipated his touch and strained against the silkiness of my top .
tr	PAST	" We 're not the only ones fighting for survival , " Jake stated .
tr	PRES	Pierre stops his men .
tr	PAST	Shane extended his fist , and Michael bumped it .
tr	PRES	That concept fits me just fine , which further translates into , ' he 'll continue to wash his own shorts and socks ' .
tr	PAST	The anger deepened into full-blown rage .
tr	PAST	He related the episode of the gallantry of Cousins .
tr	PAST	Can 't miss it , they painted it blue last summer .
tr	PRES	We head off in the direction of the clearing , Al ' ice stands in silence .
tr	PAST	Kate wriggled against him , trying to escape .
tr	PAST	The stranger accompanied him , which bothered Jason not , but seemed to make Captain Cook uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	And , like a junkie , he pursued that feeling with reckless , desperate abandon .
tr	PRES	Isaac says something back and , fear and anger mixing on his face , pushes Maurice in the chest .
tr	PAST	The entire desert panorama revealed no hint of precipitous obstacles , yet they 'd just fallen from the highest peaks ever discovered by man .
tr	PRES	" Daemon Sadi . "
tr	PAST	" Sure are , " Lonnie lied .
tr	PRES	Johnny belongs to me .
tr	PRES	And -- bow down to your -- boundless wisdom -- and knowledge -- and promise that I would never do anything so stupid again ! "
tr	PRES	Says you 're supposed to be in court right now .
tr	PAST	He dreamed of it every day .
tr	PAST	James visibly wavered and then seemed to give in al at once , his shoulders dropping .
tr	PAST	" Now , you know they didn 't have mac and cheese back then , " Debbie scoffed .
tr	PRES	" So sing the dead .
tr	PAST	" And here is the highlight of Fiddlers Green , " reiterated Scarborough , " Jolly Roger 's !
tr	PAST	She established that Bill would not need any special briefing for the meeting .
tr	PAST	I tugged her closer .
tr	PAST	I then described what the hotel looked like this morning .
tr	PRES	Till we meet again . "
tr	PAST	The minds of the Twelve withdrew from him slightly , with a palpable sense of apology .
tr	PRES	He sees her standing silhouetted against the sunset , her light dress fluttering against her skin , her light hair flowing .
tr	PAST	And he clasped Thomas by the hand and shook it firmly .
tr	PRES	" It affects us , John , as long as we still have a daughter alive and living in Buckhead . "
tr	PRES	She wishes there were more hours in the day so she could actually do more of these things .
tr	PRES	' Good heavens ! '
tr	PRES	He hooks his arm around my waist and tugs me close , then brushes his lips over mine .
tr	PRES	" Too many calories , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Her best friend stiffened , as though bracing for the worst .
tr	PAST	" He denied killing Elise , of course .
tr	PAST	My hands balled into fists .
tr	PRES	" Could be better , darlin ' . "
tr	PRES	Others disagree with this extreme interpretation .
tr	PAST	My gaze crawled over his living room .
tr	PRES	A full moon shone off to their right , and there was a mist rolling in from the ocean .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes and looks at me .
tr	PAST	At the bottom of the bowl , a long curve served as a table .
tr	PAST	Nobody bothered to help , and she hesitantly picked up her shoe printed notebooks before disappearing into the crowd .
tr	PAST	Persephone tugged on a blond curl , and when she let it go , it sprang back into a perfect spiral .
tr	PAST	Mike stiffened at her suggestion and she patted his chest to calm him .
tr	PRES	" Turns out it wasn 't mono after all .
tr	PRES	The head pops off and it starts to make a loud rooster noise as I glance inside .
tr	PRES	" Single mother , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	He swooped down and kissed me , swinging our hands as we walked .
tr	PAST	She flicked her hair over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	Infected men , women , and children piled over one another as they chased after us .
tr	PAST	He clipped the wire around my wrists first ; it tangled free instantly .
tr	PAST	' I 'm just thinking about Demeter , ' she half lied .
tr	PAST	No one dared to answer her .
tr	PRES	He pops the trunk and grabs the bags before I have a chance to reach for them .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted under it .
tr	PRES	My shoulder slams into his broad chest .
tr	PRES	" You know , " I murmur against his ear .
tr	PAST	Chloe stiffened , but relaxed when she realized he just wanted to hold her .
tr	PAST	Jane stuffed the phone in her pocket and stripped the bed .
tr	PRES	" The airport ? "
tr	PRES	Gorgeous hardwood floors shone to a bright polish , and it was all cheerfully decorated in yellow and gray .
tr	PAST	Bax dusted himself off .
tr	PAST	Ken squinted hard toward the din of the slamming doors .
tr	PRES	" But in the university .
tr	PRES	" Of course you can , " Dante begins and then he realizes my meaning and he grins .
tr	PRES	That applies to you especially , Will .
tr	PRES	It 's such a wonderful story , the way Belle learns to love the Beast in spite of his gruff attitude and fearsome appearance . "
tr	PRES	Reece wraps her sweater more tightly around her and then pulls something from her pocket .
tr	PAST	Brodie tugged again , and this time he led her away more forcefully .
tr	PAST	Brushing the hair off my face , he presses the softest , sweetest kiss to my forehead .
tr	PRES	" No , she 's been coming for about a year and a half , but my mom usually picks her up , " Noah explains .
tr	PAST	He appealed to Hoover .
tr	PAST	I proceeded downstairs to see what my missing fiancé was up to .
tr	PRES	The woman formerly chasing the thieves stops in her tracks , instantly recognizing the woman with such a potent ability .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and she could swear he looked sincere , even respectful .
tr	PAST	She launched herself , snarling , her claws extended , straight toward the King .
tr	PRES	After a quick shower , I pul on some black underwear I found in my dresser , courtesy of Mom .
tr	PRES	I know you 're free , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I trusted him with me .
tr	PAST	He reappeared next to Anya and said something Paris couldn 't hear .
tr	PAST	On the television , the afternoon movie featured " Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . "
tr	PRES	She inches closer , and they come into view .
tr	PAST	She smacked the cards on the table .
tr	PAST	Trevor shone a flashlight at it from above .
tr	PRES	She lays her head on my chest , remaining still .
tr	PRES	Which she promptly screwed up by saying , " So who 's Lucia Garza ?
tr	PAST	Images of blood soaked hands filled my mind , blood covering red and white skin like glaze on a finished tile .
tr	PRES	" Move your foot , ok ?
tr	PAST	His tongue plunged into my mouth and the world exploded .
tr	PRES	Then , with a shake of her head , she padded off to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Once the bathroom door stood safely secured the Bitch let out a sort of sigh .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , the " new admissions " kids regarded me with suspicion .
tr	PAST	She withdrew , closing the door behind her .
tr	PRES	Seems like you 're going to have to take me many places , " she teased .
tr	PAST	" No way in hell , " Hannah stated dryly .
tr	PAST	" I washed it for you last night .
tr	PAST	But my hand froze on the zipper .
tr	PRES	" Your kin ? "
tr	PAST	Five thousand voices cheered her and her smile lit up the dark room .
tr	PAST	He dialed his home phone number and let it ring .
tr	PAST	Rachel dramatically clutched her arms around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	He perked up at that .
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PAST	I yell , storming toward the grandstands .
tr	PRES	The White Tower stands , and we shall stand with it !
tr	PAST	Suddenly , in the trees , a very large raccoon looking creature emerged , looking down on them with large , round neon green eyes .
tr	PRES	We all danced and sang in our seats to the tune of the song .
tr	PRES	I assume she 's picturing a scene similar to the one in my own head .
tr	PAST	Bowe rasped as he indeed made it to his feet by himself .
tr	PRES	" Fallon really likes her , too .
tr	PAST	What replaced it was a sudden heat covering all of my body .
tr	PRES	Finally Pam stops walking and looks at him .
tr	PAST	Mille cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	He thanked Griffiths and departed , deciding nothing further was to be had at present from the prison and those charged with its keep .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Claire risked a glance over at Eve , but she was staring out the window .
tr	PAST	The New Ones who had never passed this way , they sought comfort in the arms and voices of the Elders .
tr	PRES	Soldiers , forward march ! "
tr	PAST	Even though she secretly feared that she did .
tr	PAST	" So you did , " Paris circled around her like a predator sizing up its prey .
tr	PRES	The door to study hall opens and Devon walks in .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth and penetrates me with a menacing stare .
tr	PRES	Before his fingertips can reach the handle , he stops moving completely .
tr	PRES	" Because it helps the economy .
tr	PRES	It draws energy from me to gain its body and snap more viciously .
tr	PRES	I wipe at them again and my vision clears a little .
tr	PRES	" Only to someone who is trying to get to know you , dig in before it gets cold .
tr	PAST	But when the door opened , and Debbie stepped through the doors , Samantha 's heart plunged to the ground .
tr	PAST	An unidentified family member stated that young Mr. Lewandowski had been hospitalized due to injuries sustained while riding a moped , or motorized bicycle on June 29 .
tr	PRES	He dreaded that they were not telling him something .
tr	PRES	" Let 's go , " Lu whispers to him , her eyes still locked on me .
tr	PRES	Pellets of carbon blacker than coal .
tr	PRES	" She ruined my party . "
tr	PRES	" Just because you 're back changes nothing .
tr	PAST	I cringed away , my hands over my ears .
tr	PRES	I tremble at the malice in his tone .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Kacey , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	For a moment , Tasha panicked .
tr	PAST	A dark purr of satisfaction rumbled out of him , vibrating the air in her lungs .
tr	PRES	She removes a piece of invisible lint off my suit jacket and takes her time buttoning my shirt back up .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes of reassuring them , tiny heads bounced off to play before the sun set all except for one .
tr	PRES	" My granddaughter . "
tr	PAST	He squinted hard as he tried to see through the darkened , tinted windows , but it was of no use .
tr	PRES	" It only brings you one step closer ... " " No , my lord , I don 't think it does .
tr	PRES	Every time he kills someone they just pop right back up on their side , ready to chase down meat .
tr	PRES	And then , finally , Corr begins to keen as I prompt him .
tr	PAST	So he withdrew slightly faster than they advanced .
tr	PAST	Connor inquired further being ruffled with Michael 's gruff tone .
tr	PAST	Outside in the thick humid night air , I smacked my forehead and groaned .
tr	PRES	" With a slight garnish of garlic and a light white wine sauce . "
tr	PRES	" No one blames her . "
tr	PAST	" Let 's see how well your guns work against me , " Reece dared .
tr	PAST	Resting his elbows on his knees , Jared clasped his hands together .
tr	PAST	At first , John dismissed the sudden flurry of movement as hungry men eager to receive their afternoon meal .
tr	PAST	That cost money and time .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the letters inside my bag and reached for my coat .
tr	PAST	" Come on , Princess , " Puck urged as I hesitated .
tr	PRES	So what brings you to our fair floor ? "
tr	PAST	He motioned to the smoking pit to my right .
tr	PAST	He shuffled through his pockets .
tr	PAST	He never bothered studying , much to the old man 's fury .
tr	PRES	" Oh , no you don 't , " she teased .
tr	PAST	He recruited and encouraged Richard Lawrence to kill the president .
tr	PAST	She fanned her face with a small napkin .
tr	PAST	He denied that I was his tenant , or that he had ever seen me before , and threatened to call the police . "
tr	PAST	He squinted at my hair in the moonlight and used his other hand to extricate the finger that had gotten caught .
tr	PRES	Nearby , Echo senses a change .
tr	PAST	" Computer , " she stated clearly .
tr	PAST	' Look who we found sneaking into the camp , ' the bodyguard rumbled .
tr	PRES	The room ceases spinning as quickly as it started , and with a stumbling misstep , Rift has regained his balance .
tr	PRES	Charles tries , but he doesn 't always know enough to tell what 's a priority and what 's not . "
tr	PAST	I could certainly try , ' I mumbled back , aloud , getting dressed and sorting my hair .
tr	PRES	One of the creatures buzzes my ear so I swat it .
tr	PRES	I shout to spur him on , fear cracking my voice .
tr	PRES	Uriah stands behind me .
tr	PRES	Sander winks gulping down some wine .
tr	PAST	' I don 't know if it would work , ' Priscilla pondered .
tr	PRES	She frowns , glancing at the back of my car .
tr	PAST	" What 's the password , " a deep voice rumbled .
tr	PRES	-- -- Vincent bolted upright .
tr	PAST	I posted a few guards outside , and one just texted me about Damen 's impending arrival five minutes ago . "
tr	PRES	He reaches over and pats my hand .
tr	PRES	It changes everything we 've ever known .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	" At ease , " I said , scanning my eyes across them " before we begin , I assume you have all been briefed . "
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I got up and grabbed her hand .
tr	PAST	Slowly , he crawled into bed .
tr	PAST	The subway slowed as it approached the station before jerking to a stop .
tr	PRES	" A resistance group ... . "
tr	PAST	Exposed , the group rustled in discomfort ; shame drawing the ghostly curtain around the group .
tr	PAST	Malevolent eyes peered at him from every building , unspeakable creatures emerged from the sewer grates as soon as he passed over them .
tr	PRES	" You may have to , sweetie .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled his throat .
tr	PAST	Grasping the purple vein with one hand , Kate dared to look below .
tr	PAST	He chased after her .
tr	PAST	The wolf cocked his head , trotting beside Perrin across the grassy field .
tr	PAST	She yawned , and looked just as I imagined an angel would look like .
tr	PAST	Curt exited the vehicle and walked up to Eileen 's door !
tr	PRES	" Then relax and enjoy yourself .
tr	PAST	Lily inhaled a discontented breath and blew it out with much exasperation .
tr	PAST	Mad Dog reclaimed his seat by the bar and looked at his would-be attacker without a hint of concern on his face .
tr	PAST	He pitched forward into the blackness and was suspended momentarily in the air before landing on the stone floor below .
tr	PAST	" In the early days of modern science , we attempted to grasp things with the new critical vocabulary at our disposal .
tr	PRES	" What type of thief steals and leaves money behind ? "
tr	PAST	He spun toward her , catching the jump and the way she cringed at his tone and the volume of it .
tr	PAST	Once the curse was being passed I leaped forward to kill the young witch and the spell landed on me . "
tr	PAST	As if answering my dilemma , an increasingly loud rumble from outside announced the arrival of Stewart 's black 25th edition Camaro .
tr	PRES	" Then what brings you by ? "
tr	PAST	Teeth chattering , she pulled them on , then piled her own clothes in a sack and put them by the back door .
tr	PRES	I scratch my head and grin .
tr	PAST	Noting my stall , he indulged me with a reply .
tr	PRES	He had on one of those Adidas sweat tops like in the Salvation Army bins but probably cost more than my tent brand-new .
tr	PRES	An expensive rig -- and familiar sounding .
tr	PRES	Suddenly a commotion in the water snaps me out of my thoughts .
tr	PRES	She returns to the bed and crawls back under the covers .
tr	PAST	When I went to pull away he kept a hold of my waist , my forearms resting against his shoulders as he stared at me .
tr	PAST	He tipped the coffee cup , inadvertently spilling its contents in his lap .
tr	PAST	If it had been valuable before , I doubted it would be now .
tr	PAST	And she cringed at the thought of what Sen would do once he found out about this and the body in the morgue .
tr	PAST	A hawk circled over the town below , its long wings gliding on the breeze that rustled through the leaves above us .
tr	PAST	" Sounds like fun , " I lied .
tr	PAST	A weight of shame floated away .
tr	PAST	Historia pretended to be fed up with him .
tr	PRES	" No woman deserves to be cheated on .
tr	PRES	I belong nowhere . "
tr	PRES	The light shafts tilted down from on high , the specters of dust haunting those vivid streams like phantom spiral arms into this universe .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , it was in the paper , " I grunted .
tr	PAST	" Then all of us need to be trained in destroying vampires , " Jaxon proposed .
tr	PRES	Whispers echo around me and the darkness keeps brushing against my skin , which is when I realize that the darkness is a veil of shadows .
tr	PRES	It won 't help , Serena tries to channel reason into the king .
tr	PAST	All kinds of dumb , actually .
tr	PRES	And he just throws me o the side .
tr	PRES	Panic fills my heart and I interrupt him .
tr	PRES	An empathic echo . "
tr	PRES	She crushed it to the table , her nails digging in deep enough to draw blood .
tr	PRES	Gavin likes to dance .
tr	PAST	He represented the Alexandrian Jews before Roman Emperor Caligula because of civil strife between the Alexandrian Jewish and Greek communities .
tr	PRES	She points to Nisha Banerjee , my tennis rival , who is glued to Thayer 's side .
tr	PRES	" Everything changes . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , Madam . "
tr	PRES	Raine digs a large key ring out of her jeans pocket and searches through the keys .
tr	PAST	" No , " Ty claimed as he pushed up .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the bathroom .
tr	PRES	So she passes power and symbol with grief .
tr	PAST	" Well , compared to you , not as much . "
tr	PRES	The lighting changes throughout the day and simulates the benefits of sunlight .
tr	PRES	" No boyfriends ? "
tr	PRES	All eyes snap to them .
tr	PRES	Emma begins to eat .
tr	PRES	Jess whipped his chair around .
tr	PAST	One of my eyebrows inched up . '
tr	PAST	A crazy mixture of relief and guilt washed over her .
tr	PAST	The golden letters reflected in her black hair .
tr	PRES	His audience emptied their wallets into the collection plates and completed pledge cards .
tr	PAST	I downed the glass of wine and went to the kitchen to pour a second .
tr	PAST	As she thought back on the wonderful day she 'd spent with him , a sense of doubt invaded her happiness .
tr	PAST	I prayed they weren 't glistening .
tr	PRES	Isaiah 's car roars next to me as he stays in Neutral and hits the gas .
tr	PAST	He readied himself for something to say , his breath hitching .
tr	PAST	His lips tipped up in a small smile .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PRES	" Sure , the way he respects us . "
tr	PAST	He extended the glass , then drew it close .
tr	PRES	" In what way would their interests differ from ours ?
tr	PRES	Who talks like that ?
tr	PRES	Its unearthly rumble echoed off the nearby buildings , announcing our arrival before the sleek car turned into the paved parking lot of the bar .
tr	PRES	" As your slave . "
tr	PRES	Hit glares at him .
tr	PAST	Darius acted like he wasn 't impressed , but I could see the wonder in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Damon slapped her hand away .
tr	PRES	" He likes you .
tr	PAST	As the Sikorsky neared the deck , Albert dove into the aft cabin .
tr	PRES	He talks to his brother and I know you don 't want to hear it , but he 's not serious like you are .
tr	PAST	" Andrew , you 're alive , " the man exclaimed in disbelief as he reached out to seize him .
tr	PAST	She piled up the bloodied sheets and stuffed them into one of her bags .
tr	PAST	Charlotte exclaimed , jumping out , too .
tr	PAST	" This group of men protected the first council who reigned in peace for many generations .
tr	PAST	She sought the empty spot inside her that made the pain real .
tr	PAST	His voice tickled her ears as she tried to fix what she 'd done .
tr	PAST	" That 's it , " he rasped as he watched her eyes go blind , her head fall back as she cried out his name .
tr	PAST	Rhys tensed beside me .
tr	PAST	Alice pondered the situation .
tr	PAST	I crawled into his bed fully dressed .
tr	PAST	Rushed to each , a mild panic gripping me , stripped off my clothes as soon as I could .
tr	PRES	We teach the steps to the District 13 guests .
tr	PRES	She stretches before descending the front steps and heads around the side .
tr	PRES	Pain lashes through him , snaking out from his chest down his leg , along his arm .
tr	PAST	He appealed to me .
tr	PRES	" Another shame . "
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I murmur rather incoherently .
tr	PAST	I froze him in place while he howled and whimpered in absolute terror .
tr	PRES	" No , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	" Christ , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	Not long after Lewis finished his lengthy conversation with Innocent , their captors barged in .
tr	PRES	A3 enters and stands next to her . )
tr	PRES	I snuck into one once , but got dragged out halfway through . "
tr	PRES	" My choices ? "
tr	PRES	She lets out a scream through gritted teeth and then flips me off before leaving my room .
tr	PRES	Her hair matches his now , and a wisp of it has come loose .
tr	PAST	We haven , t solved that problem .
tr	PRES	He offers me his right hand and I stare at it , not sure why and what to do .
tr	PAST	I totally think he has on briefs , " Mary predicted , stealing another look at Willow 's choice .
tr	PRES	Anger blazes in her eyes , and the silence is weighted enough for me to know it 's time to retreat .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha . "
tr	PRES	Lucas hates the fact his sister won 't go and stay with him .
tr	PRES	He plays a fiddle . "
tr	PAST	Haven eyed Carmine peculiarly when she saw him lingering in the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Amy states with authority .
tr	PAST	He stripped off Kane 's vest and hung it over the fire to dry .
tr	PAST	Rif tugged helplessly at the ropes .
tr	PAST	Mario received 80 % pure heroin from Romano , known on the street as Mexican Black Tar Heroin # 4 .
tr	PRES	Jo-Jo healed you up , and everything 's just fine now .
tr	PRES	He lets out a low chuckle .
tr	PRES	" Will this become a habit , Mitch ? "
tr	PAST	As he left , his gaze glided up and down my body , taking in my attire - a scruffy pair of Lyla 's old pyjamas .
tr	PRES	" Greedy SOB . "
tr	PAST	She desired him just as much .
tr	PAST	Her hands sought out the end of the couch to prevent herself from accidentally falling off .
tr	PRES	My mom pushes away from the table .
tr	PAST	I could have slapped myself for acting so wimpy .
tr	PAST	That I froze , all alone , waiting for my child 's father .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five I stared at the X-ray image of the stalker 's body .
tr	PAST	He weaved his way to the aft staircase and to his private suite .
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the infirmary and headed straight for the Elders ' compound , knowing full well that the whole village would notice .
tr	PRES	Did Beau teach you ? "
tr	PRES	The Jones Scale originated in the late 1800s .
tr	PRES	A light rain falls and thunder cracks in the distance .
tr	PRES	" My papa misses me too much . "
tr	PAST	" I beg your pardon , " I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Now then , I plopped myself down on the corner of my bed , blowing out a gust of frustrated air as I considered my weekend plans .
tr	PRES	But ... perhaps ... Perhaps what he felt wasn 't lust at all .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened , and she looked up at the animals in the canopy .
tr	PAST	" It 's funny , " she exhaled .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains a lot . "
tr	PRES	He misses you , even though he doesn 't want to admit it . "
tr	PAST	I crawled on my hands and knees , feeling in front of me , hoping to come across the door Cy entered .
tr	PAST	Mal stormed forward and grabbed Philip by his shirt .
tr	PRES	" He 's freaking me out , um ... shocking me , surprising me but in a not so good way .
tr	PRES	Grief like nothing else washes through me as I retell the most tragic happening ever ... and forcefully listen , myself . "
tr	PAST	Liza attempted a nod but clearly regretted it .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , and even though the sky was blue and clear , thunder rumbled through the air .
tr	PRES	As we moved through the Bower , I snuck a surreptitious glance over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	I warn , " Honour .
tr	PRES	Dark curly hair pushes its way out of the base of the man 's helmet , blowing swiftly in the artificial wind .
tr	PAST	I swiped my credit card , and lifted the nozzle to the hose .
tr	PAST	" Jonas urged me to attempt three , but I swore I could make no three of his stamps stable , and he believed me .
tr	PAST	Personally , I preferred the word bedding when it was a verb , not a noun .
tr	PRES	Lots of silence now , breaths .
tr	PRES	" But first - " I hesitated , chewing my lower lip .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , ' Sana , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	The old man slowly inhales the aroma of his brew and takes a sip .
tr	PRES	His mom always invites me and sends him to come get me if I try to bail .
tr	PAST	The G-Man 's chest exploded and his knees buckled .
tr	PRES	Things like lost loves and battered Tiffany 's boxes aren 't visible on his face .
tr	PAST	But the more I thought about what was in that bag under the seat , the more it troubled me .
tr	PRES	He stands abruptly , and walks a few steps away , out of the shadow of the tree .
tr	PAST	When it was time to leave , I thanked everyone and told Joan what a great time I had had .
tr	PAST	Gradually , her trembling ceased and she lay quiet in his arms .
tr	PRES	I 'm talking about fear " he whispers the last bit .
tr	PAST	She twirled a lock of hair in her fingers .
tr	PAST	You were wrong about Noelle , " Mrs. Romanov sobbed .
tr	PAST	" We got doughnuts , too , " Teddy announced , brandishing a large white bag .
tr	PRES	" You 'll be signing our death warrants , " I snap .
tr	PAST	As h felt his tight and stiff muscles begin to relax he silently thanked God for such a much-needed blessing .
tr	PAST	She stuffed a few dollars in her pocket and left the Winnebago as quietly as she could .
tr	PRES	Andrew rises , but it is Nicholas who emerged , drawn from Andrew , his face fierce with hatred .
tr	PRES	He stands behind me , so that we are in the shadows and I am looking out over the room .
tr	PAST	Five writhing black snakes extended from his wrist to the point where his fingers would normally have reached .
tr	PAST	Gunnar grunted in agreement .
tr	PAST	He served six months in juvie .
tr	PAST	He and Angie established a pattern of mixing upper body exercises on the playgrounds with running in the sandy hills of the heath .
tr	PRES	It rises forty feet above the grating .
tr	PRES	He then opens his arms out .
tr	PAST	He tousled her hair .
tr	PRES	Now she refuses to speak to me .
tr	PRES	He stares at me , eyes skimming the lines of my lips .
tr	PRES	Izzy reaches for my wet cheeks , her hands shaking and frantic .
tr	PRES	He pushes open the door and lets me in .
tr	PRES	I march out of his room , slamming his door on my way .
tr	PAST	Then they trudged back to their hideaway .
tr	PRES	I was trying to get myself moving as well , but my legs were like rubber , my whole body limp and spent .
tr	PRES	" Okay , I deserved that , but I 'm tel ing you the truth , Ridley .
tr	PAST	Jeremy exclaimed , pumping his arm in the air .
tr	PAST	At least , this proved to me he had never lied about his age .
tr	PRES	After Gladstone has left with his two backup lawyers in tow , Crawley returns to the business at hand .
tr	PAST	I leaped to my feet , sprinted down the sidewalk .
tr	PAST	Callum dumped his clothes in the laundry hamper and walked from the bathroom .
tr	PRES	The director suffers from a certain sentimentality coupled with a startling naivete about the dynamics of our organization .
tr	PRES	" Let her go , " Gideon commanded , his face set in lines of deadly determination .
tr	PRES	" You 're beautiful , " he whispers with his lips hovering over mine as a light fog begins to surface out of nowhere .
tr	PRES	" Inside the house , when you took Esme home ? "
tr	PAST	Then , she frantically dialed Nathan 's number and waited .
tr	PAST	Wade jabbed a stick into the small fire , stoking it to life .
tr	PAST	I mentally ticked the box ' give a solo aerobatic display ' .
tr	PRES	We are not barbarians , Herr 'D on , though ever your people call us by that name .
tr	PAST	She was right about that , " he chimed in .
tr	PRES	And his Noise stops altogether .
tr	PAST	T-Bone downed the remainder of the whiskey in his glass with one swallow and poured himself another , a full one this time .
tr	PAST	Trey sniffed , " I 've eaten in restaurants around the world .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open in amazement as he pushes against my flesh , parting me before him from behind .
tr	PRES	" Did you hike around Half Dome ? "
tr	PRES	" It 's so beautiful , " she whispers as waves crash over the rocks below .
tr	PRES	" She aids her chosen , " Navi explains , fearless in the face of a god .
tr	PRES	I always crack the eggs !
tr	PRES	" Yeah , that about sums it up . "
tr	PAST	She massaged the offended skin quickly , hoping it wouldn 't bruise .
tr	PRES	He sees that one of the henchman 's guns is laying right next to him .
tr	PAST	All thought of the Monster fled from her mind as lightheadedness overwhelmed her .
tr	PRES	She slows her pace .
tr	PAST	In her head , everything rotated .
tr	PAST	He circled her waist with his arm .
tr	PRES	Again , Nate grasps for my hair , fingers quick as a monkey , but I am quicker as I dart to the bureau .
tr	PRES	He holds the key to the prison which looks like this . '
tr	PRES	They belong to me .
tr	PRES	The flames strive high into the black sky , tangled with the night .
tr	PRES	When the day 's hot as it is now , it exhales the cool air trapped below .
tr	PRES	After she does the door opens .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something and went back to sleep .
tr	PAST	Julia seized the chance to reel her in .
tr	PAST	I trusted you to finish them both off . "
tr	PAST	Dust swirled in the air and was spread on the floor .
tr	PAST	Paper rustled as Paul pushed a note aside .
tr	PRES	In this critical moment , the beast hears the distinct sound of a chain snapping apart somewhere behind him .
tr	PRES	" Kiya loves him . "
tr	PRES	Sparkles of joyful relief shone back at him .
tr	PRES	" Archie ... " Angus ' voice was filled with gruff compassion .
tr	PAST	" I defeated a ghost who collected heads . "
tr	PRES	He now wishes to seek out the woman that has waited these long years for him to marry her .
tr	PAST	Barret fidgeted and stumbled over the question in his head for a short while before answering , choosing whether to be truly honest or typically abrupt .
tr	PRES	A helmet pops over my head and now I feel like ... a knight .
tr	PAST	I gulp down my fear as I enter , hating the idea of being alone with this guy .
tr	PAST	Tom uttered an extremely coarse expletive and made as though to dive directly into the trees , but Grey stopped him with a hand on his arm .
tr	PRES	Unless you want to grab some plates from the kitchen . "
tr	PAST	And Dane scoffed at how all the bullshit sermons had panned out .
tr	PRES	Well , not him personally .
tr	PAST	With no other alternative , I fled toward the forest , seeking shelter where I could .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled merrily as he dropped a chaste kiss upon her forehead .
tr	PAST	Considering the ugly things we 'd talked about tonight , my mind had doubted this moment would come , but my heart had known .
tr	PAST	' Oh , Kaspar , ' someone giggled .
tr	PAST	From first glance , I doubted it .
tr	PAST	Finally , finally , the last spasm wrung through her , leaving her limp .
tr	PAST	Quite touching , if ill attended . "
tr	PRES	" You fucking pig , " Emma whispers as the door slams shut .
tr	PAST	And he 's doing fine , " she reassured him , threading her fingers through his as they entered the parking lot .
tr	PRES	He tries to turn .
tr	PRES	To my Geek Girls who support me with nurturing encouragement in all my projects .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , " I snap , tearing off in search of my clothes .
tr	PAST	I inhaled the sweetness of her skin , dragging my lips to her ear .
tr	PRES	Fires crackle from the barrels , pouring out smoke and ash into the streets and sky .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Sadly , I froze but the escalator kept on moving so it had very little effect .
tr	PAST	He crawled under the covers with her and their knees bumped .
tr	PAST	Julian barged through the door and knocked the vampire back before it could enter the building .
tr	PAST	The call Myles received came from dispatch .
tr	PRES	As Marlene and the other Dauntless girl step off the edge of the roof , I dive at Hector .
tr	PAST	She presses on her wound again , expectant of the pain .
tr	PAST	I slowed as I reached his driveway , spying his SUV .
tr	PRES	Just the right amount of a high pitch in her voice , without it being annoying or out of character , to be sweet and attractive .
tr	PRES	Your willingness to take the ultimate challenge and take the risk to succeed deserves our eternal gratitude . "
tr	PRES	" It 's just for two years ... when your schooling is finished , you can come join me here , " he begged .
tr	PAST	He cowered a little under her glare .
tr	PAST	His hand flattened on her stomach , and he stroked her as he whispered rough words of desire against her throat .
tr	PAST	I jabbed the tip of the knife under the band .
tr	PAST	He slapped and clawed at my legs .
tr	PRES	The woman pushes me toward one of the chairs .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't answer she smacked her hand against her pajama bottoms .
tr	PRES	" If you are going to use clichés at least get them right , " I begged .
tr	PAST	First , trembling lips sought each other out , finally locking together and handling each other with passion as the women kissed uncontrollably .
tr	PRES	Just hope he likes the new one as much . "
tr	PAST	She was cautious and bared her teeth at him , at the same time , crouching down , ears flattened to her head .
tr	PAST	It never cost me one silver dime . "
tr	PRES	She explains and again , I take the lead .
tr	PAST	" There 's no pain , " he marveled .
tr	PAST	She sensed the attack a moment before it came .
tr	PRES	" I think I 'm going to head to the restroom a minute , " I shout up over the noise .
tr	PAST	The old man slapped the counter with a thud .
tr	PAST	Lizzie edged backwards , her feet resting on the tip of the platform , glancing behind her to the other set of steps .
tr	PAST	" We 'll meet you there , " Randy piped up .
tr	PAST	She accused him of being a pervert .
tr	PAST	You fling it into the wall .
tr	PRES	She folds her arms underneath her and rests her chin in one hand .
tr	PRES	Panic shone in her eyes , but she didn 't jump back when Derek took a step closer .
tr	PRES	" Children , children , " they shout over the din .
tr	PAST	He motioned to them with his shield .
tr	PAST	The next level provided a blue shading , which was most likely dyed prior to its final attachment .
tr	PRES	" Jerry Falcon . "
tr	PRES	Still , the matter remains that I refuse to live with the pain a moment longer .
tr	PAST	Given the state I was in , I don 't think that I 'd have survived for long out there , " she motioned to the woods .
tr	PAST	Her father tugged her away , taking her place at his side .
tr	PRES	He stares for so long I feel my face go hot .
tr	PRES	One young intern begins to whimper , but nobody notices because the din turns deafening when the hordes descend .
tr	PAST	Jacqueline pinched her lips together at this news about her husband 's visits .
tr	PAST	Jen marveled , rubbing her hands together and hugging herself to restore some warmth .
tr	PAST	I bounced back and forth from believing there were two men to believing it was only James .
tr	PRES	Her painting stands alone , the swirl of colors representing the panic that fills my throat .
tr	PAST	He diligently secured every inch of it from the prying eyes of the royal court .
tr	PAST	Declan chided , rage welling inside him .
tr	PRES	Although she was wearing riding boots her feet padded along the plush carpet .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she lied .
tr	PAST	He acted like she was going off the deep end .
tr	PAST	An expression of utter disbelief froze his face .
tr	PAST	Marta scoffed somewhat hurt by his remark .
tr	PAST	In the distance a flash of lightning split the sky .
tr	PAST	Roddy will adore doing it , " Melanie predicted cheerfully .
tr	PRES	After a long pause , Ezio said bitterly , " He blames me for not killing Rodrigo when I had the chance . "
tr	PAST	Membership in the Conclave of Sorcerers required putting aside all close relationships and dedicating oneself wholly to the study of magic .
tr	PRES	You even hazard being written out of time completely . "
tr	PRES	" And prior to this ? "
tr	PAST	In the course of duty , you accused me of murder twice . "
tr	PAST	A look around the foyer revealed narrow corridors , clean but rather unremarkable .
tr	PRES	Whether they came to explore or to salvage it mattered not .
tr	PAST	She fisted a hand out in front of her , fighting through all the disappointment she felt for me .
tr	PRES	It speeds my heart to the point where it thumps like a giant drum .
tr	PRES	So damned stubborn . "
tr	PRES	Several seconds of tape hiss .
tr	PRES	" Amy whispers encouragingly to me .
tr	PRES	She ceases struggling as he starts dragging her around the corner .
tr	PAST	His resignation provided him the opportunity to do it .
tr	PRES	Mita holds grudges and she can be petty , but she 'll never do something to harm other people .
tr	PRES	" Yummy kinds that crunch . "
tr	PRES	Someone bothers you , just let me know . "
tr	PRES	So I tune the radio and settle into the drive .
tr	PRES	" Would you permit me to ask you out for a proper date ?
tr	PAST	Jude 's entire body jolted forward , he wanted to chase after those guys and do who knows what to them , but he stopped .
tr	PRES	But when he got to my shoulders , he braced me and held me back to look at my face .
tr	PRES	" What jug ? "
tr	PRES	" What accent ? "
tr	PRES	" I 'm fine , " my mother whispers , shuddering in his arms .
tr	PRES	The tension in his muscles receded as he watched it , the clawing at his skin fading away .
tr	PAST	His tongue caressed her lightly , just a taste .
tr	PRES	Just as I didn 't think Gabriel capable of doing something so monstrous either .
tr	PRES	She snorts and I look back at her .
tr	PRES	He lets out a breath and relaxes .
tr	PAST	" Entering simulation mode , " announced the soft voice of the information system .
tr	PRES	" He never removes it and he sleeps with it cradled in his palm . "
tr	PAST	I preferred to not use it , though .
tr	PAST	It snaked across the ground like a weird mist and reassembled into Caleb in front of Nick .
tr	PAST	A vibration announced yet another text message .
tr	PAST	From the camp leader 's expression , Kylie sensed she 'd picked up on Della 's emotions as well .
tr	PRES	Unseen motors drone and the steel blast doors to the tunnel slowly swing open .
tr	PAST	Dangerous situations heightened emotions , and all his talk of wanting to marry her may have faded away once things calmed down .
tr	PRES	As soon as she exited the bedroom , any insecurities she had were erased .
tr	PAST	Our orders instructed us to march to a village called Beaulieu , there to ransack and fire the houses , driving off such animals as we encountered .
tr	PAST	Eveline cocked an eyebrow in question and then let her gaze wander around the room .
tr	PAST	Her paint brush flung from her hands , bounced off the dog , and landed on the hardwood floor .
tr	PRES	I wipe tears away with the back of my hand .
tr	PAST	He now doubted whether he could creep up on anyone with his lungs burning like this .
tr	PAST	Her father had frequently told her that her tongue was her worst enemy , Verity reflected as she turned out her light .
tr	PAST	With a thwack that was as hard as it was unexpected , he slapped my ass with his belt .
tr	PAST	" You created this .
tr	PRES	" Business licenses , " Charlie states flatly , and pauses for effect .
tr	PAST	Looks like someone just run over your bikes , " Keith stated mockingly .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my arm .
tr	PRES	" Man , we got ta brings some chicks into our scene . "
tr	PRES	Because I spot a point of stillness in the seething crowd : Sean Kendrick .
tr	PRES	Throughout the process the wiry hairs on his legs teased her hyper-sensitive skin .
tr	PAST	She gratefully dumped her book bag and lunch sack onto the table as she sat down .
tr	PAST	Then she prayed for courage .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're the reason they exist . "
tr	PAST	Nicolas waited in the darkness , breathing lightly , his senses flaring out to " feel " movement in the night .
tr	PRES	She lays a hand on my arm .
tr	PAST	Simon shot his gaze back and forth between Ian and Fin , his feet shuffled beneath him .
tr	PRES	" What about horseback riding ? "
tr	PAST	He proved this by crashing to the floor in agony .
tr	PRES	She enthusiastically throws herself into organising the setting up of the speakers .
tr	PAST	" All ships , this is Admiral Gao , " the second in command stated calmly , using the fleet circuit .
tr	PAST	Daren pricked her skin with a needle .
tr	PRES	Look away , the man whispers to the boy in the mask .
tr	PRES	Dust falls from beneath it as it loosens from the wall inch by inch .
tr	PRES	Jason releases the pressure a bit , and shakes him .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	When banging a hand on it failed to change the unit 's mind she phoned Dwight catching him before he left for his first job .
tr	PRES	The sun shone high overhead and warmed her face and shoulders . '
tr	PRES	" A spy Ring ? "
tr	PRES	You attract ghosts , spirits who remain here because they are unable to move on .
tr	PAST	A reluctant smile curved her mouth .
tr	PAST	His phone beeped as it woke to full operation , but there were no waiting messages .
tr	PRES	Stretching the kinks out of my back as the steeple clock strikes the noon hour .
tr	PAST	Flynn cups my face with his hand , " I think I love you , " he says , his voice raw with emotion .
tr	PRES	Since he thinks of you as his best friends , he wishes me to tell you at once . "
tr	PRES	Back in the helicopter , the pilot proceeds to Grace 's coordinates .
tr	PAST	I hopped to my feet , extending my hand to her .
tr	PAST	He clutched his chest and felt his breathing coming in short , labored pants .
tr	PAST	His heart sped up , making him dizzy as he neared them .
tr	PAST	" A man named Gunther Muller -- Shannon 's father .
tr	PAST	A cold ocean wind slapped at him as he approached , almost as if someone , somewhere was trying to keep him at a distance .
tr	PAST	Ken fetched the pipe and started walking back to the house .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , studying her sudden nervousness and the quick intake of her breath .
tr	PRES	I remember how he begged for mercy , his voice hoarse with despair .
tr	PRES	" That 's a terrible word , " I teased .
tr	PAST	In desperation , he persisted .
tr	PAST	" He isn 't formal or stuffy , " she defended hotly .
tr	PAST	Noel marveled at the ' buzz saw ' action as the gun capable of over 1200 rounds per minute cleared an area of live men .
tr	PAST	I slapped my hands against the floor and started to push myself up , gasping as a wave of dizziness crashed over me .
tr	PRES	" Tell me your fantasies , Sunshine .
tr	PRES	Why drag it out ?
tr	PRES	Sing our song , sing it !
tr	PAST	Before I had a chance to reply , another lunch lady plopped a piece of chicken on top of the jello .
tr	PAST	She flicked her ashes on the cement floor and then smiled .
tr	PAST	Pain that was mirrored inside him .
tr	PRES	Charlie falls asleep early .
tr	PAST	" She acted as though he was there to wait on her .
tr	PAST	Ash flicked a buttery kernel in her mouth .
tr	PRES	A part of me wishes that , too .
tr	PAST	Mathieu clasped the nun 's hand and turned away from the entanglement separating them from their homeland .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her seat in the carriage and thumped her reticule .
tr	PAST	At least Ava prayed she wouldn 't .
tr	PAST	She stomped off down the bleachers .
tr	PAST	And attractive , too . '
tr	PAST	She sank into the truth , then whispered , " You lied . "
tr	PRES	" But I forgive you . "
tr	PRES	To bury deep the sad little rich girl she still sees every time she looks in a mirror .
tr	PRES	" And none of them matches any others ? "
tr	PAST	" You stay back , " Abraham slurred .
tr	PRES	" But tonight we celebrate .
tr	PAST	I abandoned my efforts and joined him on the ground , realizing I was hungry , very hungry .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PRES	So , we wash and dry until the fine china is clean and ready .
tr	PRES	" OK , whatever you say , sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	" Some men fuss when they 're worried . "
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered a second too long on her dress .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Mitch .
tr	PAST	This cheers up Ian significantly .
tr	PRES	He pushes my legs farther apart and thrusts his tongue deeper inside .
tr	PRES	That objective stands as my top priority .
tr	PAST	" Hell , this bunch have already risked their lives .
tr	PRES	He uses his cavalry to screen his musketeers so my cavalry can 't ride them down .
tr	PRES	" No , " I snap .
tr	PRES	" What of Mars ? "
tr	PAST	Snow lay piled upon the translucent roof , casting patterns of sunshine throughout .
tr	PRES	And in that next instant , it no longer mattered .
tr	PRES	Nearly half a year passes before a new petitioner arrives , bloodied , with a letter for Chang ' e .
tr	PAST	Ashley pierced through Sam 's flesh and pulled his heart out .
tr	PRES	He taps the door lightly .
tr	PAST	She exhaled slowly , out of arguments .
tr	PRES	To sort through and come to terms with all the lies .
tr	PAST	No , please no , she prayed silently , don 't let that be Cliff .
tr	PAST	I squinted into the darkened distance .
tr	PRES	She glances sideways at him .
tr	PAST	Butterflies exploded within me when he said that word .
tr	PAST	Summer doubted that James felt lucky being married to her just then .
tr	PAST	She swiped a hand under her eyelids and smiled stiffly .
tr	PRES	I swing to Prewitt , sobbing with tears and shaking my curls .
tr	PAST	Cameras exploded into action , every lens able to capture the heartbreaking pain flashing on Mairi 's face .
tr	PAST	I feared you had been injured and would need me .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and followed his bride up the steep slope , grasping for clumps of grass that would stop him toppling backwards .
tr	PAST	She dove forward , pinning it to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Julian ... " " Spend tonight with me .
tr	PAST	I dialed his cell phone number and waited while it rang four times .
tr	PRES	" Medic , geek , badass ex-military guy ?
tr	PRES	" Sure , " Paul teased .
tr	PAST	" Whatever , " Ace droned his disinterest .
tr	PRES	And then she falls forward .
tr	PAST	" Can you braid it to cover it ? "
tr	PAST	She flattened a hand to the carpet , slumping back against the couch .
tr	PRES	Suddenly upon him , violently , his doom approaches .
tr	PRES	" Dead , " Marcia mumbled .
tr	PAST	Sometimes she even toyed with the idea of telling him the truth , Wondering how he would react if he knew who she really was .
tr	PAST	But even with my shields down , I sensed nothing at all .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Wilson originally sought Kathy 's help in investigating her son 's disappearance .
tr	PAST	As Octavian began walking down the street , the scene skipped forward to where he had the necklace .
tr	PAST	The front melded together , and instantly , the cold dissipated from my body .
tr	PAST	" Accident , " she bellowed , then stormed off .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap wide as searing heat spills through my veins , gives me an indescribable power , and then sucks me into the glass .
tr	PRES	" Finally , " I mutter , earning me a dirty look from both guards .
tr	PAST	' Sir , we 've just got the bank records through , ' Dean announced , entering Morton 's office without knocking .
tr	PAST	He stomped out of my room into his , which required going outside ; no connecting doors in this cut-rate motel .
tr	PAST	Already , I feared punishment .
tr	PRES	Now lets go . "
tr	PRES	His eyes shone as he gazed down on me .
tr	PAST	They fanned themselves with colorful fans , splayed in front of their faces .
tr	PAST	The rest of the officers fanned out on either side .
tr	PAST	" Have they treated you well , lad , did they feed you ? "
tr	PRES	He grasps the top of the gate and knocks the toe of one boot and then the other against the iron rail to dislodge the snow .
tr	PRES	" Been smoking spine too long .
tr	PAST	" Neil phoned Blake shortly after it happened .
tr	PRES	His voice stops me before I reach the sidewalk , but I don 't turn .
tr	PAST	" We don 't have any money , " she stated .
tr	PAST	" Sienna invited him for dinner , " I provided .
tr	PAST	My mother would have cringed .
tr	PRES	The sun shone through the open sections of the garage , creating long shadows .
tr	PAST	A moment later , I bounced out of his grip and launched myself at Michael .
tr	PAST	She sensed them , knew she was unleashing something powerful she could never stop .
tr	PRES	" My cat likes him . "
tr	PRES	The man stops by the inn 's front door , looks around , makes some signal .
tr	PAST	He outlined the investigation .
tr	PRES	At the academy , no one ever explains exactly what that means .
tr	PAST	" But I do , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" You cruel , selfish bastard . "
tr	PAST	Case sensed the old man pulling back for the first time .
tr	PRES	HE DID NOT ENJOY TO TALK WITH ME .
tr	PAST	They wept and begged for forgiveness , but their pleas meant nothing to God . "
tr	PRES	" You recall the importance of the Illinois .
tr	PRES	After taking the medicine , she padded into the bathroom to take a look at her face .
tr	PRES	" By the Minister of Science , Sire ? "
tr	PAST	I shrieked in the highest voice I could muster .
tr	PAST	Daemon zipped us up the driveway , wind and snow blowing at my face .
tr	PAST	We first hooked up at this Christmas party , senior year .
tr	PAST	Numerous slanting roof lines provided dozens of opportunities to hit your head on a sloping ceiling .
tr	PAST	A lady bug crawled up his rail , and climbed his sleeve .
tr	PAST	The stronger and more alert he became , the more pain washed over him , consumed him .
tr	PAST	It slowly merged through the blue wall , coming to a land just beyond the edge of the cavern .
tr	PRES	Kira whispers to me when I fall into the chair by the register .
tr	PRES	" Don 't think I have a choice , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Now , let me taste this cheese before it melts , eh ? "
tr	PAST	Jacob tickled himself again .
tr	PRES	For now , let him ... grieve alone . "
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	I serve life , " Warrior states proudly .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 12 I bolted upright the next morning , my heart leaping and jumping in my throat as I searched wildly around .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	When I did , they stung , like a fresh wound exposed to cool air .
tr	PAST	Something tugged at the tips of her fingers , and she pulled out a small piece of paper , unfolded it , and read the contents .
tr	PAST	He circled in place , whining to let her know he didn 't like something he heard outside .
tr	PRES	Dana stands up and I put my hand up for her stop , mouthing the word " wall " over and over .
tr	PRES	" Follow me , " she whispers , carefully holding onto the wall as she makes it down the steep flight of stairs .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , breathing in the emotions that swayed the Force .
tr	PAST	" You 're lying to me , " he accused Caleb .
tr	PAST	The thing dove forward , but I ducked under its arm .
tr	PRES	" Come out anyway , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Sighing , she clasped her hands on the scarred desk in front of her .
tr	PAST	Charlotte floated into work Monday morning , light on her feet and happier than she 'd been in ages .
tr	PAST	Not even a hundred feet away , the eyes reappeared .
tr	PAST	" She 's very good , " Angie stated proudly , her eyes on her mother .
tr	PRES	Whatever he sees causes him to slip one hand behind my back and the other under my knees lifting me gently and moving me to his lap .
tr	PAST	David exploded into angry motion , flinging the chair away .
tr	PRES	Anthony stops dead in his tracks , swivels around and glares at me with a frown .
tr	PAST	The Prince gritted his teeth , his arousal both painful and obvious beneath his black trousers .
tr	PAST	His leg muscles tensed , instinctively repelling the touch .
tr	PAST	The physician 's words dealt a blow to Franklin , who 'd spent yet another night at the hospital .
tr	PAST	The silence of the house echoed around him and the sterile smell of hotel disinfectant lingered in the air .
tr	PAST	Everyone but Cindy plopped themselves down into five comfy chairs , and Cindy rolled up beside them .
tr	PAST	I sniffed and looked away .
tr	PRES	" Well , " Chris begins , taking one of the drinks from Alec 's hand when he extends it toward her .
tr	PAST	" Sure , " Zoe scoffed .
tr	PRES	" And Lucy ? "
tr	PRES	" Business background , or are you open to the creative professions ? "
tr	PAST	I dismissed it as unimportant .
tr	PAST	The Brits , who 'd steered clear of him , sensed his vulnerability and pounced .
tr	PRES	He opens it up and props it on the desk in front of him .
tr	PAST	It sped my pulse in my throat , tearing a sound from my mouth that was not pain .
tr	PRES	Red throws his large bulk over the doctors .
tr	PRES	The corner of his lip twitches .
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to back away as her father places his hands upon her dress and begins to pull up .
tr	PRES	" I 'll get you for this , you prick . "
tr	PAST	" You lied to me when I asked how you hurt yourself .
tr	PRES	" Darth Vader . "
tr	PRES	That punched deserves a nose bleed . "
tr	PAST	She preferred the princesses who slayed the damn dragons themselves .
tr	PAST	+ + + You Would Say : To Know In Your Bones + + + GOOD .
tr	PAST	Music chimed from hidden speakers .
tr	PAST	Joni wept until her eyes ran dry .
tr	PAST	Each time our tongues touched , every slide of our lips , every touch dimmed his anger .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked over the gun .
tr	PAST	As he began to mock and taunt us , we joked about the fact that the Australian national footwear was not allowed in an Australian pub .
tr	PRES	He lets out a laugh and continues , " Man , I thought ... wait ... how 's Vivian ? "
tr	PAST	Clayton chided him again .
tr	PRES	" You better , Blaze .
tr	PAST	" We need to get down there , " Cesar announced .
tr	PRES	She arches her brow at the last question .
tr	PAST	I advised him I would be there at nine .
tr	PRES	They surged toward Tavi and Varg , their fiery auras flaring in excitement .
tr	PRES	I drag my tray over to Connor and Claire sitting it down with a thump .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped three beats .
tr	PRES	They fold their arms across their chests , their gazes locked on the door .
tr	PAST	Standing in the six inches of ice-cold water she 'd learned to hate , A.J. tugged on the lead line again .
tr	PRES	Ethan glances over his shoulder , his eyes bloodshot , probably because he 's hungover .
tr	PAST	She crawled towards one end of the shelf and prayed for Mrs. Chandler to not pass by that side of the shelf .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to my family . "
tr	PAST	" You said that you 'd left the Foreign Service when the Nazi 's came to power , " stated Pierce hoarsely .
tr	PAST	Pollard fiddled with the controls , and a moment later the screen changed to a pixilated broadcast of an empty street .
tr	PRES	" All right , all right , let 's break it up , " Officer Clements ' gritty voice preceded him down the alley .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she states with confidence .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , about to say something , but nothing comes out .
tr	PAST	I shove through people , pushing anyone who gets in my way .
tr	PRES	But the high priestess 's mind ranges where she wills .
tr	PAST	" I cannot stress enough the importance of my mission , " he stated coldly .
tr	PAST	Pushing the joystick forward , we glided out of the airlock and into the strong house .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this grand ? "
tr	PRES	" What kind of dessert ? "
tr	PRES	It lands with a clink .
tr	PRES	" I HAVE NO NAME !
tr	PAST	Perpendicular to the chairs , a sofa and loveseat matched the daybed in the far corner .
tr	PRES	His good mood at my showing a little interest carries over into our conversation with Mr. Fields .
tr	PRES	He closes his eyes tightly , then opens them again .
tr	PRES	" Then forgive me for that -- for not changing you . "
tr	PRES	I swing over the basket edge and bring him the last one .
tr	PAST	" You 're not me , " Mira accused .
tr	PAST	Peter caressed her stomach , trying his best to offer her the support she needed .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for your hospitality , Your Highness , but I 'm to report for my return to active duty this afternoon .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his seat belt .
tr	PRES	" Dexter Allen Roth . "
tr	PAST	She looked up , her eyes shadowed .
tr	PRES	When Serena does , moving to stand beside him , she glances at his heaving shoulders .
tr	PRES	Didn 't crave to back her up against the wall , lift her skirt , and bury his fingers between her thighs .
tr	PAST	The wind slowed , and the air felt heavy , thick , and I felt an edge of electricity in the air .
tr	PRES	When he sees me stumbling half-asleep from the hallway , he offers a weary smile .
tr	PRES	" Something about you Montana boys putting us Canadians to shame . "
tr	PAST	He refrained because his gut told him she needed to handle this on her own .
tr	PAST	I abandoned my fears and decided to think , really think , about how I could survive .
tr	PAST	She sobered and looked at Dean , admiring his fine physique .
tr	PAST	How when he spoke this close , his breath tickled her cheek .
tr	PAST	Standing in the middle of Main Street with the rest of the community , Wade tipped his ear to the wind and listened to the approaching chopper .
tr	PAST	She exploded into loud racking sobs , so violent her body convulsed with each wet bark .
tr	PRES	With renewed strength he stands up , looks to the sky and finally turns around as he walks back toward the Beach House .
tr	PRES	He hugs me tighter and it just revives my broken heart .
tr	PRES	He likes to set a scene . "
tr	PAST	He navigated the passageways of the old inn as well as he could , making his way to the very back .
tr	PAST	Rather than run again , I leaped forward and plunged the blade into its eye .
tr	PRES	She came up for air , a water nymph laughing at him .
tr	PAST	She stomped her fat foot against the dingy carpet , looking at Paris with a finger pointing at Zoe .
tr	PRES	" You doona dare leave me , witch ! "
tr	PRES	And Monroe whispers , " Jump . "
tr	PAST	Amber sensed Helen 's worry about revealing information to the stranger and decided to lead the conversation instead of chase it .
tr	PAST	She never sought him out , never exhibited any sign , and had been careful to hide her joy at being near him .
tr	PRES	" Like swords and stuff ? "
tr	PAST	" Give me your address , " Dreamer instructed .
tr	PAST	His jaw tensed almost imperceptibly when he shifted his gaze to her .
tr	PAST	William regarded Nate intently .
tr	PRES	The spotlights shone down on us as we climbed the stairs and Jax took the mic at the podium .
tr	PAST	It proved no more useful than imagining that I was truly dead and in hell .
tr	PRES	The entire dark seemed to be firing at them , muzzle flashes coming from all sides .
tr	PRES	" Because now that they 're awake , they 'll have an unbearable urge to go to Disneyland . "
tr	PAST	I adjusted the sunglasses on my nose .
tr	PAST	Danny having never been exposed to so much in such a short a time revealed the pain and fear through the tremble of the answer .
tr	PRES	He breathes so close to my body but does not part his lips in my direction .
tr	PAST	" You teased me for a week . "
tr	PRES	" Killing Drake . "
tr	PAST	He bore a resemblance to his former master the necromancer - he was a filthy old man dressed in half black rags .
tr	PRES	Mel scoots closer , so she can see .
tr	PAST	He slapped his cheek .
tr	PRES	Timothy holds it out to show him .
tr	PAST	" Looks good , " John approved .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter , pulling off to the shoulder and slowly backing up .
tr	PRES	For a start , Marc forgave me almost instantly , because I 'm , apparently , just a " complete weirdo " .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the keys , knowing they had to have this conversation but somehow wanting to just skip over it , leave it behind .
tr	PAST	I shuffle , pulling the covers up toward me .
tr	PRES	Skyla loses all expression .
tr	PRES	Yesterday ... " he drums his fingers on his chin .
tr	PRES	Nothing like a viral infection scare to keep away picture takers and rock collectors .
tr	PRES	Despite Tracy and Flip 's eternal quest for the gold in the PDA Olympics , Mom loves Flip .
tr	PAST	As he returned to the body , penetrating glimpses of his other self behind the tree persisted -- it had already begun to dig into the ground .
tr	PRES	The plane lands half an hour later .
tr	PRES	" Hot as in ... sexy ? "
tr	PRES	My voice falls away from my lips as my limbs grow heavy .
tr	PAST	His voice pierced through the kitchen , and I lifted my hand , so he could see where I was .
tr	PRES	" What about Daemon ? "
tr	PRES	" Zelda , " the King practically whispers , hoping to calm her rapidly fuming emotions .
tr	PRES	Finally , Amber broke her own silence and called out , " Paulette ?
tr	PAST	Callum squinted at them as we passed .
tr	PAST	" Will you quit worrying about things that aren 't important ?
tr	PAST	She attempted to move but her limbs felt weighted down .
tr	PRES	He hears Russell call out to him again , and orders the guards to intervene .
tr	PAST	He doubted he could even accumulate fat if he 'd wanted to , let alone muscle .
tr	PAST	" Daddy and Uncle Mark built it , " Reese announced .
tr	PRES	I scratch at my neck .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me .
tr	PAST	" Your mother blamed you ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume you will be in the cohort before me ? "
tr	PRES	Ethan stands in front of me protectively .
tr	PAST	Ken fetched the pipe he used during his embarrassing face-off with Cassandra , and brought it back .
tr	PRES	" Nah , " I teased back .
tr	PAST	" Oh , I think it 's an excellent idea , " he countered , turning his head to catch her tongue in his mouth again .
tr	PRES	When I sit up , the car slows and I see the hotel .
tr	PAST	At least the alcohol provided some numbing .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , you scare him ? "
tr	PAST	Then a panicked glance at the monitor .
tr	PRES	Just your basic weary march through the barren fields of sullen utopia .
tr	PRES	Making up lies to cover lies to cover lies ... How the hell had he managed it for so long ?
tr	PRES	After showering quickly , I slap on the outfit I selected the night before .
tr	PRES	" The nightmare ? "
tr	PRES	" And they exist in abundance across the planet .
tr	PRES	Then , the turboprops ; Sally you fill up first with jet fuel and then you , Buck .
tr	PRES	He couldn , t think anymore , couldn , t analyze , couldn , t absorb .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	A strangely familiar voice quotes a famous line from a movie I no longer remember the name to .
tr	PAST	" They are harmless , " 35 stated .
tr	PRES	Then he lays me open again .
tr	PRES	Will holds the paper up in front of him that contains the tallied scores , and he rips it right down the middle .
tr	PRES	They 're all missing me , something awful ! '
tr	PRES	Less than twenty percent of the population even bothers to pay taxes .
tr	PRES	She glances at the cover page again .
tr	PRES	" Play nice , Devil .
tr	PRES	A man stands in the doorway with a small handgun in one hand , and a walkie talkie similar to Rosie 's in the other .
tr	PRES	" Fool Aunt Pol ?
tr	PRES	Travis stands on the back of my truck .
tr	PRES	Even as rice kernels lodge in her hair , she begins to eat her own meal in relative silence , relishing every morsel .
tr	PRES	Once you put a line over two thousand miles from Houston to Greenbelt , you begged for a piggyback data slurp .
tr	PAST	Like Charlie had said , Maggie acted like it was ' no big deal . '
tr	PRES	" Your highness ... " His voice trembled .
tr	PRES	But if you have any problems , text me . "
tr	PAST	" You lied to me about messing around with Mark Lopez that summer at the pool .
tr	PRES	It freaked out some of the girls .
tr	PRES	She sighs and takes her long , long body up the stairs .
tr	PAST	I soured some deals he had made , put some financial pressure on him , to force him to make a move . "
tr	PRES	" And you for dessert ... .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , sliding his tongue past my lips , before speaking again .
tr	PRES	The sound of the male voice causes me to trip over my next turn .
tr	PRES	" I can do it all the time with people I connect with .
tr	PAST	He exited carrying some of his clothes and a pair of his boots .
tr	PAST	" Peterson 's right on schedule , " Alex announced .
tr	PAST	Shay gritted her teeth as she turned to glare at the iron bars that held her captive .
tr	PAST	She unfolded one of the letters and scanned the lines .
tr	PRES	So stay , " I said , pul ing him into the loft .
tr	PAST	The spiked and barbed particles comprising it collapsed into a heap .
tr	PAST	She willed it to begin beating again .
tr	PRES	He belongs in a training room , hitting a bag , or next to the Pit , leaning over the railing .
tr	PRES	" I control it now , Red Mage .
tr	PAST	The pastor announced that the couple would greet everyone at the reception and to stay seated until the ushers dismissed them .
tr	PRES	The Rescue of George , Maurice and Julian Page 75 13 .
tr	PRES	" Looks like we might be going to Canada today , " Bob comments .
tr	PRES	" Fascinating , " mumbled Black , smiling at Maggie , " and what else is there ?
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as I spit , " Go ahead , Lili .
tr	PAST	Padding around my room in my socks , I unbuttoned my jeans and pulled my sweater off over my head .
tr	PAST	' So you lied .
tr	PRES	" And the Choate grants whomever uses it a wish without limitation ? "
tr	PRES	It perfectly describes them . "
tr	PRES	Funny how one 's mind plays tricks on them when so close to dying .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Evie snaps .
tr	PRES	Instead he simply blames himself for becoming distracted .
tr	PAST	He elbowed her and pointed to a street vendor , " Do you want a cheeseburger ?
tr	PAST	" And , " he said with a flourish , " I even scored us some dessert . "
tr	PAST	Dexter described an old sweaty guy .
tr	PRES	We danced and then ... " " Meara , don 't ... " Evan looked alarmed , but I couldn 't stop and the words poured out .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands under her chin and dropped to her knees .
tr	PAST	It only served to remind her of the one man who made her hot .
tr	PRES	Dudley bears his tired eyes into mine .
tr	PRES	Something a little less obnoxious .
tr	PAST	" Positive , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Chloe 's voice buzzed in my helmet .
tr	PAST	Warriors willingly quieted when it was obvious that he wanted to speak .
tr	PAST	Theo instructed , though his voice had less authority than normal .
tr	PRES	" Everybody loves Jerry Lewis . "
tr	PAST	Much to her surprise he slumped down , his ire had waned .
tr	PAST	One of the crew I didn 't know man handled me inside .
tr	PAST	The light dimmed in the room , and I heard Clarissa gasp .
tr	PAST	As far as first days of school went , I chalked this one up as a success .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes potatoes .
tr	PRES	" I think you should take it from here , " Max whispers .
tr	PRES	' Return with what speed you may , and let our swords hereafter shine together ! ' '
tr	PAST	" You didn 't tell me this before , " Alec accused .
tr	PAST	He crouched down to look at her .
tr	PRES	" Holy highlights , there better not be any stud bulls in there . "
tr	PAST	When she was done , I clasped my hands together .
tr	PAST	Sitting down on the edge of the mattress , he flattened both hands against the soft swell of her stomach .
tr	PAST	Her voice was low , her mind still spinning , trying to make some kind of sense out of what just happened .
tr	PRES	April lists to the side , putting most of her weight on the banister .
tr	PAST	He motioned her toward the door .
tr	PAST	At which the women giggled .
tr	PRES	" Seems awful strange . "
tr	PAST	He lingered in front of me , scanning my face like he was looking for an answer ... or permission .
tr	PAST	The purplish blonde sensed his stare , and she locked eyes with Ethan .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved into a wicked grin .
tr	PAST	" Gods , you 're beautiful , " he rasped , admiring the ripe , curvy perfection of her lithe body .
tr	PRES	When I am fully armed , Beast flashes one of his fierce grins at me .
tr	PRES	A waiter enters our private room and places a small salad plate in front of me .
tr	PRES	My phone sometimes randomly turning on at night .
tr	PAST	-- " Oh , yes , I can depend upon it ; but I did not intend to use it , unless assailed . "
tr	PAST	He sobbed into his hands , his eyes bulbs of blank white with only the slightest trace of what had once been his pupils and corneas .
tr	PRES	" He returns with the prize in less than a week . "
tr	PRES	" How far to the plain ? "
tr	PRES	" I healed men , women and children , Papa .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the others in attendance ? "
tr	PAST	Jeff 's deep blue eyes brightened ; apparently the refusal didn 't trouble him .
tr	PAST	Not that it mattered how attractively she baited her trap .
tr	PRES	" Well , um .
tr	PRES	A second later , my bedroom door bursts open and Nate walks in , his face dark with anger .
tr	PRES	" Why , dear , that would be you , " he explains .
tr	PRES	" Now that explains why she was evil ... wait you have 13 wives ? "
tr	PRES	Carter clears his throat .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and tried to contain the anger that roiled up , to save it for later .
tr	PAST	When I started , I mostly handled the research for future issues , but once a week I was assigned a general event to cover and photograph .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my hands in my back pocket .
tr	PRES	- and everything begins moving at normal speed again .
tr	PAST	The three topped the small hill and John quickly pulled them down , " It 's not safe yet .
tr	PRES	Or any flickers of eye shine .
tr	PRES	" I assume since you haven 't called , you 've been sleeping ? "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Gareth crouched beside the body , most of which remained under the straw .
tr	PRES	That he loves making music .
tr	PRES	A tint of red fills the air as the dust flows heavily in the strong wind .
tr	PRES	The place shone with whiteness and cleanliness .
tr	PRES	" A crystal -- " " Crystal ? "
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck .
tr	PRES	After her display , glimmers of understanding echo through the web .
tr	PAST	" Only family is allowed in during visiting hours , " she stated firmly .
tr	PAST	And then she cocked her head , her expression shifting .
tr	PAST	Greg 's bounced sickeningly with Hawley 's every twitch .
tr	PRES	Those words pound in my head as my feet slap the pavement .
tr	PAST	Father Tomas exhaled a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	The shout froze on his lips .
tr	PRES	The photographer stands behind me with the camera to his face .
tr	PRES	He grinned then cleared his throat , his smile suddenly vanishing .
tr	PRES	I apologise mistress . "
tr	PAST	Silvery moonlight outlined the curves of his mouth , the shape of his cheekbones , the shadow of his lashes , the arch of his throat .
tr	PRES	Ben pushes his gun back into his waistband and we step forward to go inside , but the man shakes his head at us .
tr	PRES	A grievous smile plays on my lips , and I hate it .
tr	PRES	Laughing , Erin throws caution to the wind and lets herself have some junk food .
tr	PRES	" Well Baker ... uh , Bryan .
tr	PRES	Adel tries to move and realizes he cannot .
tr	PRES	Alex frowns as he traces the scar on the palm of his hand .
tr	PAST	" Did I tire you out , sweet ? "
tr	PRES	" He remembers all the little things and he makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside . "
tr	PAST	" I advised Luc of tonight 's events and asked him about the CPD .
tr	PAST	His mother inhaled sharply , bringing her hands to her mouth as she took a step back from her son .
tr	PAST	I feared Kennan no longer wanted me .
tr	PAST	Larry 's reflexes acted before his mind remembered Cally 's last warning " ... Their using tractor trailers as transports ! "
tr	PAST	The angel 's sword pierced the black demon in its chest and exited its spine .
tr	PRES	But the Jason guy ruined the moment .
tr	PAST	He froze at the contact , looking down at her fingers .
tr	PAST	Chloe scooted next to Zoe to look at the box .
tr	PAST	She squinted at a small date up in the right hand corner .
tr	PAST	" Malachi ... " the elite rumbled with a snigger .
tr	PAST	Sara tugged at my elbow .
tr	PRES	" Not trouble , Trin , adventure ! "
tr	PAST	She preferred him to be himself and not some psychotic killer vampire .
tr	PRES	After a Palisades Amusement Park commercial , disc jockey Cousin Brucie announces the next song , " Catch the Wind " by Donovan .
tr	PRES	What remains fall straight down in front of him .
tr	PAST	Skyla lands a wet kiss over my lips and drags her tongue across my cheek on the way to her knees .
tr	PAST	A knowing smile curved Justin 's mouth .
tr	PAST	He inhaled once , then twice , to try to get his head on straight .
tr	PAST	She motioned to Abby .
tr	PRES	A wave of pain washes over her features .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not his friend , " Tristan points out .
tr	PAST	Vincente denied he was playing with his toys on the forbidden stairway , but his father .
tr	PAST	But she doubted that her father tasted any of the delicious roast or savory potatoes .
tr	PRES	" You geek ! "
tr	PAST	" Seriously , he hasn 't tugged on the rope ? "
tr	PRES	She uses it to dry her hair , patting it gently , then wraps the towel around her head .
tr	PAST	Gently placing the pillowcase back on the ground , she gradually inched her head toward the window and peeked inside .
tr	PRES	He stands , wrapping around me .
tr	PRES	" Like what , prolong her life an extra day or two ? "
tr	PAST	With a grim determination , she jabbed him in the stomach .
tr	PRES	Great or humble , rich or poor , everyone cherishes their home , and if deprived of it , loses a piece of themselves .
tr	PAST	With a vociferous battle cry , the preceptor charged out of the cel and joined the fray .
tr	PAST	' I hadn 't really thought about it , sir , ' I lied .
tr	PRES	" And the bright flashes of lights ? "
tr	PRES	But not before gracing us with his smile as he passes out into the rainy day .
tr	PAST	He claimed it was his first live football game .
tr	PAST	His lips curved into a half smile .
tr	PRES	The door silently opens by itself .
tr	PRES	" ' I know , Son .
tr	PAST	From this he extracted a pinch of new tobacco that was sprinkled onto the original pile .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , not sure if I want to see my genes , or Tobias 's genes , or to compare them , like it matters .
tr	PRES	Seeing something so long , embracing it into reality , that when it 's gone the mind tries to see it whole .
tr	PAST	Marius banked the chopper to the left and Haven looked back in the direction of the Dome .
tr	PAST	It split the North American continent into two separate land masses . "
tr	PRES	The whirring blades of a helicopter echo in the distance , and I turn toward it , shielding my eyes from the blazing sun .
tr	PAST	The woman reappeared , seemingly oblivious to it as she placed heaping plates of food before Aria .
tr	PRES	But he tries to help me , not hurt me . "
tr	PRES	" Take my hand , " the EMT begged .
tr	PRES	Tell you what , Hutch , why don 't we go and get the low down from the boys .
tr	PRES	Are you starved ? "
tr	PRES	" Won 't you , Your Highness ? "
tr	PRES	" But surely , " begun Gerald .
tr	PRES	" What about your instructor ? "
tr	PAST	He claimed that he was now fully recovered from his prison ordeal , physically fit and eager to start on his journey .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Macon 's voice rose slightly , the only hint he might be moving from jokester to protective friend .
tr	PRES	Dante signals his sister .
tr	PRES	" I also input data from departments that need help .
tr	PRES	Chapter Fifteen " Prepare for docking !
tr	PRES	It still remains a radioactive garden .
tr	PAST	After they left the highway , the road curved more , and Vanessa slowed considerably .
tr	PAST	Moving up her body carefully , his tempestuous , covetous gaze roamed over her face before he lowered his mouth to hers .
tr	PRES	He stands just ahead of the boy , protectively , prepared to shield him if need be .
tr	PRES	She lets me pay her in books . "
tr	PAST	A variety of kids shuffled into the room .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to the side , to the woods where Ty 's shots had originated .
tr	PRES	" The pirate ... ?
tr	PRES	A sweetened cheese whipped into lightness .
tr	PAST	" All done , " she announced with a smile at Cammie .
tr	PAST	I sensed her shrug , and heard a soft breath of air pass through her mouth on a sigh .
tr	PAST	" Everybody split up . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand .
tr	PAST	I babbled on , panic rising up and choking my words .
tr	PRES	It whispers the name like a mojo , a bit of song never transcribed , a bit of the old magic .
tr	PRES	Enzo stops before the hovering illusion .
tr	PRES	' Full , eh ? '
tr	PAST	I flagged the others and we let her sit for a while .
tr	PAST	I flung open her hope chest , searching for her high school yearbook .
tr	PAST	Hilda glanced at him , seeing this affirmation , then eyed her sword .
tr	PRES	If I lose , it opens the door for other people to sue the larger companies , claiming chocolate is addictive .
tr	PRES	" Ah , not quite so important as al that . "
tr	PRES	" So fuck what that other guy said . "
tr	PRES	She mumbled more but it was in Spanish and I couldn 't understand her .
tr	PRES	" No more kitchens . "
tr	PRES	He tuned back in .
tr	PAST	Mac pretended to be in more pain than he was .
tr	PAST	Sometimes she accidentally skipped a couple of lines or her fingers got misaligned on the keyboard .
tr	PAST	She sensed me looking at her , and her eyes jumped up .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply , but said nothing .
tr	PAST	To create the universes , it split itself into three .
tr	PRES	They fulfill that duty decisively . "
tr	PAST	Rachel eyed the second item on the list .
tr	PRES	He lets out a derisive laugh .
tr	PAST	She stiffened but kept walking so he wouldn 't see her face .
tr	PRES	Isaac tries to hold back both his anger and his forgiveness , but in the end he can 't hold either of them down .
tr	PAST	Time slowed as I watched the car advance on her , helpless .
tr	PRES	This affects me , so listen and shut the hell up . "
tr	PRES	" I thought that took ... " " Sex ? "
tr	PRES	A silver light flared , centered in the spider rune scar in my palm , before fading away .
tr	PRES	He refuses to come in .
tr	PAST	Some accompanied their selling with soft crooning that caught on the calm Mediterranean breeze and wafted back to Maggie as she sat at her table .
tr	PAST	" And so I invented a kingdom of dreams where I could accomplish great and daring deeds to make it happen . "
tr	PAST	" Alright , my name is Katherine , " she giggled .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" My journey ? "
tr	PAST	I washed the dishes and placed them in a cupboard while trying to recall things about my past .
tr	PAST	At it sat a number of men , their skin the same blood-red as the wal s , their black hair clipped close to their heads .
tr	PRES	He holds me as tight as he can and every now and then , he plants his lips into my hair and kisses me .
tr	PRES	You mate with me and then I can just leave and you 'll be free to , pardon the pun , cat around all you want . "
tr	PAST	Christmas lights twinkled from inside , hinting at a mammoth tree , and a wreath as big as my bed was on the front door .
tr	PRES	The way he talks with authority like he 's known what he 's talking about for decades .
tr	PAST	Anthony stifled a grin and offered her a gallant bow .
tr	PAST	Damen 's phone beeped less than five minutes later .
tr	PRES	" My mother likes Eric . "
tr	PRES	Then the smile falls off his face .
tr	PAST	" Do that , " Wesley advised .
tr	PAST	But you conjured up her ghost and sent it down the hallways .
tr	PRES	I wince as I circle it and pain shoots up through my leg .
tr	PRES	" It belongs with Chan . "
tr	PAST	My entire body tensed up and froze .
tr	PRES	How I have never seen myself in the perspective of my loves .
tr	PAST	Nathaniel ruffled his feather in frustration and followed them down the hall .
tr	PRES	It kills me , Jared ... kills me to think of what you were doing while I was here worrying about you .
tr	PAST	When she finally reached my pulse point , she froze with her nose against my skin .
tr	PAST	He cleaned them and then got up to see the manager .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	" That he loves you that much . "
tr	PRES	I arrive at the restaurant in a matter of minutes .
tr	PRES	Tiny anchors to the past .
tr	PAST	With things she dared not reach for .
tr	PAST	He cringed at the thought of his innermost feelings being exposed to more disappointment .
tr	PRES	If we accidental y run across another clan and slaughter them , we ' l tip our hand .
tr	PAST	She preferred anonymity , the protection that a city of hundreds of thousands could provide .
tr	PAST	He flapped his wings and began moving backward .
tr	PRES	Mom stands from where she 'd been sitting on the steps .
tr	PRES	She sneaks out of my room at sunrise , promising to meet me downstairs for breakfast .
tr	PRES	I looked back to see Aiden sitting on the edge of the tub , his elbows resting on the knees of his long nylon shorts .
tr	PRES	" Well , it fits .
tr	PRES	" You 'll have to tell me how the ruins were , the ones everyone talks about .
tr	PRES	Chisholm glances around at the other patrons in the dining room before returning his gaze to me .
tr	PAST	Glass windows shattered and bullets bounced off metal as the sound of machine gun rounds echoed from within .
tr	PAST	The growl of the engine , the crunch of the tires with chains eating up the ice neared , with another odd scraping sound .
tr	PAST	He stood just inside the closed doorway , watching her intently , his hands fisted at his sides .
tr	PRES	Evil visions churn Behind your hollow eyes .
tr	PAST	" My hero , " I announced sarcastically .
tr	PAST	Not a resurrected perfect heavenly body but a real , flesh and blood body like ours .
tr	PAST	She wriggled off his lap and sat next to him .
tr	PAST	Weaving his fingers in my hair , he tugged so hard it burned my scalp .
tr	PRES	" That brings up another question .
tr	PAST	Heather scooted onto the bench next to her on one side , and Reese took the other .
tr	PRES	What about some turquoise ? "
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PAST	Use details , down to the smallest thing you remember about him , including scent and emotion , " Riordan advised .
tr	PAST	At that moment , Jon sensed motion on his other side .
tr	PRES	A little strand of hair falls over her face , and I know she is beautiful .
tr	PRES	Never buys anythin ' hisself . "
tr	PRES	My heart should slow , it speeds more .
tr	PRES	" No apology ? "
tr	PAST	" I am , too , " she giggled , making Alexander 's heart soar .
tr	PRES	' Mum , I don 't understand - ' ' Say you 'll take it , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to kill your little girlfriend , Cyrus .
tr	PRES	" Got it , Woods . "
tr	PAST	He freaked out completely . "
tr	PAST	Simon willed the shift to complete , knowing it would be better to be found as a naked man in the Keep than a wounded falcon .
tr	PRES	I need him alive , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	She claimed Oliver must have known Gary beforehand .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself and tore a hand through his too long hair as he frantically looked around the haze of his room .
tr	PRES	The girl too , if she could only learn what you teach her . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes glazed over .
tr	PRES	Chapter Fifteen " Wow , this is stunning .
tr	PAST	" You stole them . "
tr	PRES	My hands roam over his glorious body while I taste his mouth and he tastes mine .
tr	PAST	Rollie buzzed with an unprecedented erotic high .
tr	PAST	And unknown to both of them , her pregnancy would have clinched the succession at once .
tr	PAST	Molly giggled and climbed onto her father 's lap .
tr	PAST	They created stairs instead so it doesn 't have to constantly run on electricity . "
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled in the distance .
tr	PAST	That bothered Alonso , and it put a frown on his face again .
tr	PAST	He urged Nicole toward the light .
tr	PRES	" A fancy bloke with a cape . "
tr	PRES	No one who is experienced with the Canadian wilderness brings a tent that needs pegs .
tr	PAST	She never dreamed anyone could look so gorgeous , like a Greek god found only in books and movies .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Miss. .
tr	PAST	" You 'll be hearing from my lawyer , " she stated .
tr	PRES	I touch his cheek and he leans into my hand , holds my palm against his face .
tr	PRES	" For a bit of wood with a nail in it ? "
tr	PAST	She giggled again and this time her laugh was strong enough that she wiggled against me .
tr	PAST	After a few seconds , he just motioned for me to continue leading him without a word or explanation .
tr	PRES	' Ahhh , donuts . '
tr	PAST	" Carla designed it to withstand stress .
tr	PAST	Harvey downed his drink .
tr	PRES	Chapter Five It 's three in the morning before I hear Emerson 's car swing back into the driveway beneath my window .
tr	PRES	" Oh yes , you 're magic , " Roxie mumbled , only half amused .
tr	PRES	" Let 's relax this morning and then maybe this afternoon we can go for a swim ? "
tr	PRES	As a result of its gravitational pull , they occur twice a day all over the Earth .
tr	PAST	Gene stole a sidelong glance at Maryellen 's short neat haircut .
tr	PAST	" You much preferred me when ... ? "
tr	PRES	" I desired to discover if you are as beautiful in the morning as I imagined in my dreams , " he lightly teased .
tr	PRES	She reaches for my hand and leads me to the center of the room .
tr	PAST	Silently he prayed : Please , Holy Ghost , console this lamb .
tr	PRES	She still remembers how she visited the Underworld in her nightmares , shortly after Tristan was killed .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with a long curl , twisting it in her fingers while her elbow rested on the table .
tr	PAST	The storm slowed in a hail of screams turning on the wall , dispersing it .
tr	PRES	" Bite me , Ash .
tr	PRES	A spy hears everything and forgets nothing .
tr	PRES	When the locals start turning up dead , suspicion falls on the current residents of the creepy castle .
tr	PRES	" Everyone falls . "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that desperately uncomfortable ? "
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	" They feed it humans . "
tr	PRES	He removes his gaze from Jennifer 's face and stares up at the man speaking to him .
tr	PAST	" It " s out by three dollars and five pence , " it reported after a few seconds .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , he stops and turns , and goes down in to a stairway .
tr	PAST	I swore I could smell the scent of his skin , his sweat mingled with the woodsy apple soap he used .
tr	PRES	We conclude that it is unlikely as so much infrastructure passes through that if it were damaged business life above ground would come to a standstill .
tr	PAST	I giggled at myself .
tr	PRES	I sell all that stuff , too .
tr	PRES	As soon as he leaves , Godzilla , the huge kid sitting behind Steve , reaches out and grabs Steve 's pencil .
tr	PAST	His fangs fully extended and aching .
tr	PRES	He moves behind me , then presses his hands to my shoulders and kisses the top of my head .
tr	PAST	Iona dialed the number .
tr	PAST	The automaton froze at Dmitri 's cry , its hand painfully tight around Johannes 's neck .
tr	PRES	Funny , the things Quinn remembers .
tr	PAST	She freed a hand and slapped at it , fought her way through .
tr	PAST	Jacy awaited her on the other side of the door but her clothes had completely changed .
tr	PAST	I 've never lied to you .
tr	PAST	" Bastard , " she rasped again .
tr	PAST	I perked at the mention of his dad .
tr	PRES	Didn , t this house belong to him ?
tr	PRES	She helps herself to the open wine and joins us in our Scrabble game on the coffee table .
tr	PRES	Jasper removes his sunglasses .
tr	PAST	She tensed , wondering , waiting and definitely keeping her trap shut for now .
tr	PAST	My eyes steadied on her .
tr	PRES	" What about that chamber that slows things down ? "
tr	PRES	His eyes shone , and I actually think he looked more relieved to see me now than he had in Alabama .
tr	PRES	" Two hundred grand ?
tr	PRES	I lean forward and stare him in the eyes .
tr	PRES	" He likes me . "
tr	PAST	" We just have to make one stop , " Mat announced .
tr	PRES	" You a painter ? "
tr	PAST	As soon as debris quit falling from the sky , the commander of the Red commenced his attack .
tr	PRES	" And supplies ? "
tr	PRES	She just gazes at me , though , sort of the same way she looked at me when I killed my grandmother , like she hates me .
tr	PAST	Perhaps Japheth sensed how much I liked the elephants , and he wanted to give them what little comfort he could .
tr	PRES	" Our Knights ? "
tr	PRES	He helps out with most of the exercising and has been here the longest .
tr	PAST	I sensed him leaning in .
tr	PAST	" Classic sign of abuse , " Sarah piped in .
tr	PAST	I relayed the message , and Milo and Sarah took off in the silver SUV .
tr	PRES	" And carriages . "
tr	PRES	The height of the hotel blocks the morning light and casts a deeper blue shadow on the stone walk he sweeps .
tr	PRES	I shout at her face .
tr	PAST	" Full , for a change , " he reported .
tr	PAST	Beyond the drapes , a long passageway extended toward the rear of the superstructure .
tr	PRES	Evil , pulsing , insidious power .
tr	PRES	" Everybody falls off a boat once .
tr	PRES	He still loves her ?
tr	PAST	When Sofia approached me , she acted the same way I did .
tr	PAST	No more lapses , he zoned his attention on Daniel Baker .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table for my hand and I hesitate .
tr	PRES	When I don 't respond she frowns and mutters something to her companion before pushing her way through the crowd to reach me .
tr	PAST	As the gully grew narrower , it eventually required hopping from boulder to boulder to continue the steep ascent .
tr	PRES	" Sure , but I reserve the right not to answer it . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	' Firstly , Little Spirit .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my hand and I glanced down to see Keith 's text .
tr	PRES	" For , you know , protection ? "
tr	PAST	" There 's your boat , your motor , and your petrol , " he announced triumphantly .
tr	PAST	She tugged again at her wrist and had as much luck pulling it from his grasp as she 'd had before .
tr	PAST	When she came to the high school , she slowed down .
tr	PAST	Why hasn 't someone attended to the obvious ? "
tr	PAST	Colin arms stole around her when she arrived within reaching distance and she lifted her hands to rest on his upper arms .
tr	PRES	" Won 't the current political unrest there threaten our resin supplies ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume from your reaction that you believe these photos are authentic ? "
tr	PAST	Signs on the walls behind them announced prices and information about special orders .
tr	PRES	Then she holds out her hand , offering it to the prince .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Can she teach it to me ? "
tr	PAST	He experienced it every damn day , and he was more grateful for that love than she could ever rationally understand .
tr	PAST	The brakes squealed , a sharp screech echoing up and down the tunnel .
tr	PAST	I shuffled my feet outside the livery and listened to the animal noises within .
tr	PAST	The immediate result was a torrent of foreign words spewed forth with an agitation and bitterness that transcended language .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked Harriet 's eyes as she nodded .
tr	PRES	She sat quietly , her fists clenched tightly , wanting to cry and cry forever .
tr	PAST	Haven inched the door open and stepped into the shadows against the wall of the next room .
tr	PAST	She thanked her stars for that and started walking towards the main street .
tr	PRES	No more screaming or phones ringing .
tr	PAST	As I sat with him in each visit , something bothered me .
tr	PRES	" Truth ... " she whispers in reply .
tr	PAST	Beth crumpled to the ground between two cars as I fell nearly on top of her .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , eyes on the door .
tr	PRES	She mumbled a reply , relieved that she had come off so lightly .
tr	PAST	My pink painted nails are completely missing .
tr	PRES	Cooper reaches up and scratches the back of his head .
tr	PAST	If she 'd drawn on Tavi in the office , he doubted he could have lasted more than a second or two against her .
tr	PRES	Warm beds await us there , for at least tomorrow night . "
tr	PAST	They murmur , " So sorry . "
tr	PAST	She flicked her headset off and hung it around her neck .
tr	PAST	I 've given him medicine that will help him sleep , " the doctor instructed .
tr	PRES	May I assume then that you are literate ? "
tr	PAST	But Antonio was bent over double in the middle of the deck , his hands clutched to his head as though he had the worst migraine imaginable .
tr	PRES	" We estimate their cognitive abilities at even less than a newborn infant .
tr	PRES	" I assume we 'd be having the wedding in a safe place . "
tr	PRES	Lacey throws a pil ow at Carter , who puts his hands up in a gesture that says , " What ? "
tr	PRES	You provide him with support , and stimulation , yet you give him balance so that he 's not pushing himself before he should .
tr	PAST	" Alright , that 's enough , " a male voice softly chided .
tr	PAST	The wizards shuffled back .
tr	PRES	She stops when the king turns toward her .
tr	PAST	As she got more advanced ? "
tr	PRES	The theme from the good the bad and the ugly plays .
tr	PRES	Let 's analyze the operating statistics .
tr	PRES	The airy echo sound was gone and the connection was solid again .
tr	PAST	John Rutger lied because he was a scumbag .
tr	PRES	I fish John 's documents out of the file and stick them in my pocket .
tr	PAST	He handled the ceramic gently .
tr	PRES	" Or something monstrous . "
tr	PAST	Finally able to speak , I uttered just above a whisper , " Call me Dirk . "
tr	PRES	Pete reaches up and tucks a lock of hair behind my ear .
tr	PAST	Neil banked on the chance that without word from Mickey , Chuck would think the worst of his grunt .
tr	PAST	The silvery glow of the moonlight reflected off of his menacing white face .
tr	PAST	" Jax Stone your ego is just fine , " Sadie chided and walked over to the bar .
tr	PAST	inquired his father as he walked to meet him at the foot of the stairs .
tr	PAST	Wilhelmina 's eyes flicked toward Daemon .
tr	PRES	" Excellent , " it beamed .
tr	PRES	She loves gadgets and computers .
tr	PAST	It lingered on her body in ways even a western woman would find offensive .
tr	PRES	Have I screwed her up in that way ? "
tr	PAST	Slow and steady and carefully , she assaulted him and his battered feelings until she broke him .
tr	PRES	She braced her legs , and heaved up with a great groan of effort .
tr	PRES	I march to the door , taking a deep breath to compose myself as I walk through the door .
tr	PRES	Jason lets him go and he flops to the floor , panting , wheezing , crumpled in on himself .
tr	PAST	His eyebrows pinched as he took in his surroundings .
tr	PRES	" But Mr. McDougal here .
tr	PAST	" We did it , Luce , " he yelled up at me , his scar pinched deep into his cheek from the smile he wore .
tr	PRES	But why the awe -- ?
tr	PRES	The guard stops outside a plain white door .
tr	PAST	He pinched my chin , and laughed as I stood gazing up at him .
tr	PAST	She had on a slim fitting , navy striped long-sleeved shirt and baggy jeans .
tr	PRES	" He hates Hadley .
tr	PAST	I toured the house , flipping the lights on as I went , enjoying the great taste in furniture .
tr	PAST	I circled my arms around her waist and pulled her close to me .
tr	PRES	You have to let your hair down once in a while , " he beamed at her .
tr	PRES	" Please , just take me , Damien , " she begged as her thighs opened , her body instinctively knowing what she needed .
tr	PAST	His heart glowed as he gazed into those glittering green eyes , at the small smattering of freckles across the bridge of her delicate nose . '
tr	PRES	I drag myself into a sitting position .
tr	PRES	But she trusts us .
tr	PRES	A passing drizzle here or there , but nothing significant enough to warrant a late-night trek to the gardens .
tr	PRES	The blue brings out your eyes , " he whispered , his mouth grazing her ear as he spoke .
tr	PRES	This kingdom lies near the Yew Land , however . "
tr	PAST	" Lions , " Sal stated .
tr	PAST	" I leave you alone for five minutes , " he quietly joked .
tr	PRES	Anxiety quickly fills me up , and just when I don 't think I stand the silence anymore , he speaks .
tr	PRES	To slice an electric bolt through whoever tried to shoot him with that poison again .
tr	PAST	He cocked his brow , as if my question had offended him .
tr	PAST	The lamp on her desk exploded , shattering glass into fragments .
tr	PRES	For all Butch 's cheating , he loves Paris .
tr	PRES	His knife stills on the cutting board and I look up at him .
tr	PRES	" I guess you 're hungry , " he teased .
tr	PRES	The door yawns open .
tr	PAST	My thoughts horrified me .
tr	PAST	" I 'll break your arm for that , " Boris rasped .
tr	PAST	Father motioned for him to carry on .
tr	PAST	The instant the name slipped through her lips , Lindy tensed .
tr	PRES	The tank holds a number of explosives that it can lay , as well as a gun with rubber bullets .
tr	PAST	Markus exhaled and worriedly peaked over at me .
tr	PRES	When we walk on rocks it stretches out our feet and legs . "
tr	PAST	Thank goodness , he refrained .
tr	PRES	An ache fills my chest .
tr	PAST	I regarded him for a few heartbeats , then I reached up to curl my fingers around his hand .
tr	PRES	Movement lad to be excruciatingly painful for him .
tr	PAST	It matched the fitted carpet and velvet drapes all around the walls .
tr	PAST	An occasional flickering florescent light revealed halls and offices in three directions .
tr	PRES	" One with a very powerful strain of infection . "
tr	PRES	I yawn , stretching my arms above my head .
tr	PAST	" I want to look up sedative withdrawal , " Carol announced .
tr	PAST	They exclaimed over the basket of treats and the fridge full of beer , and it was like a party all over again .
tr	PRES	" Two days at most , mistress . "
tr	PRES	What kind of illusions ? "
tr	PRES	He senses my unease and he is not happy about it .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , startled .
tr	PRES	Reece wraps her arm around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Lizzie uttered , taken by surprise , not expecting the creature to be able to talk .
tr	PAST	It already upgraded from turning off the lights to making her scrape her knee .
tr	PAST	She perked up a little .
tr	PRES	My hand twitches again .
tr	PRES	Our vows ... " " You wish to pretend that they did not happen ? "
tr	PRES	" Help me , " Martha mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Better , " she announced , as she slipped into place next to Michael .
tr	PRES	Something tickles Serena 's feet .
tr	PRES	I assume you have some legal documents you need us to review .
tr	PAST	Putting women back in the kitchen as their only option in life bothered her .
tr	PAST	He dialed the private number and waited .
tr	PRES	" Ah ... fuck ! "
tr	PRES	The elevator stops on floor 93 .
tr	PAST	" Now look into the candle flame and focus all your energy to that one spot , " Billie instructed .
tr	PRES	A constant whiz and whip of ammo slams the atmosphere racking it .
tr	PRES	My voice fades , but a groan escapes as I hold my belly with one hand .
tr	PRES	The guy in the suit stops in front of a room overlooking the swimming pool in the backyard .
tr	PAST	Gabriel scoffed , glancing at the stout carriage driver who fixed him a sour glare .
tr	PAST	" Still fucked , " Delilah exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Robin shrieked in triumph .
tr	PAST	" Madness is a good way to put it , " Charles scoffed .
tr	PAST	In the end , the universe unfolded , as it should .
tr	PAST	David finally chimed in .
tr	PAST	That our kiss was fake , dreamed up by my desperate imagination .
tr	PAST	As she closed the door behind her , the lights dimmed , and flashes of color bounced off the walls .
tr	PAST	It slowed me down enough to make my confidence waver .
tr	PRES	" Such courage and imagination , Cornelius , " the demon master murmurs .
tr	PAST	" There 's more , " she announced with as much dignity as she could muster .
tr	PAST	He collected the bowls and carried them toward the sink .
tr	PRES	Seeing the familiar indicators , I relax my fingers and attempt sliding them out of his grip .
tr	PRES	' A crater ? '
tr	PAST	Sunlight reflected off the burnished gold , making the symbol on his half of the coin shine brightly .
tr	PRES	However , a small amount of light still shone from an unidentifiable source , and so after a while some details could be apprehended .
tr	PAST	Yet if a weapon had to be used , she preferred using one that a person could actually recover from .
tr	PRES	The sounds of the playing children echo off the marble walls of the lobby .
tr	PRES	Danika tangled her fingers in Reyes 's silky hair and held tight , her nails scoring his scalp .
tr	PAST	" You risked your life to save me , you fool . "
tr	PRES	" It would be too heavy for the plane , " the female comments .
tr	PRES	Besides , Tomas Godard deserves to die ! '
tr	PAST	That phone cost three hundred dollars .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	Nina cowered behind the column , unsure what to do .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me . "
tr	PRES	He uses it to quickly open the old , disused , secluded , windowless entrance .
tr	PRES	It helps when I can plan it and consider all the reasons it 's a good thing , first .
tr	PAST	China shattered as it hit the far wall .
tr	PAST	He clipped his mouth in anger , opened both of his fists , and formed two lightning balls .
tr	PRES	" I teach Classics at Loyola . "
tr	PRES	Has she flown ? "
tr	PRES	" Maybe it only helps organic things . "
tr	PAST	" Three or four , " I giggled after hearing Miranda confess .
tr	PRES	Friday snorts this time .
tr	PRES	" But the mist wraith holds him in his clutches .
tr	PRES	" The bite transfers the virus to your blood stream . "
tr	PAST	Hunter chimed in , " I 'm starved ! "
tr	PAST	He motioned his men to stand ready and kept his eyes glued to the vehement woman .
tr	PAST	" Well you certainly dealt with that effectively .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Dan 's just being weird -- trying on a new part for some out-of-town play , " Bobby mumbled .
tr	PAST	" I am lost , " he finally stated .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stop , " I begged softly .
tr	PRES	Now I recall that Bobby pointed to where I was .
tr	PAST	The clouds swirled separately for a moment , then merged into one .
tr	PAST	" Oh , now I see , " Selena exhaled .
tr	PAST	I inched my way down , carefully and cautiously moving before the creaks grew too loud .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed then , in long impatient bursts .
tr	PAST	His shoulders were set stiffly , his hands fisted at his sides so tightly that his knuckles had turned white .
tr	PRES	" I assume you both can swim ? "
tr	PRES	" Fine , but not for long .
tr	PAST	He doubted the kid would lie since she seemed to want Ryan and Zoe together as much as Ryan himself .
tr	PRES	Kel blushes and tries to hide his smile .
tr	PAST	He copies me and we walk back to the house together .
tr	PAST	I was dared one day to ask her out .
tr	PAST	In Jesus ' name , Amen " Robert served everyone delicious slices of pot roast , vegetables , and rich gravy from the crock pot .
tr	PRES	She apprehensively approaches the brick wall -- she knows the routine by now ... the charred bodies , reaching out for her .
tr	PRES	He pins his lips together , staring out at the sunlight sparkling over the land .
tr	PRES	Says both me and Olivia at the same time .
tr	PRES	" Juanita and Manuel , would you witness the signing ? "
tr	PRES	He holds up a machete and grunts as he slices the seat belt right off my shoulder from the back .
tr	PAST	An officer in one of the last columns advised the people of the area to pack up whatever they could carry , and move south .
tr	PAST	Tess identified the object without thinking : it was a cap , a boy 's golf cap .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I don 't want to be barbecue . "
tr	PRES	As the shrill note fills the air , he stares unblinking at the monster .
tr	PRES	Quinn , ever the actor , signals to Doctor Perkins , who half stands despite being pink with drink .
tr	PRES	" At a bloody boring English university ? "
tr	PAST	When I saw her on the beach in her black and red bikini I about exploded in my shorts .
tr	PAST	I exhale , jerking open my aching palms .
tr	PRES	She was trying to steal Caleb , tempt him .
tr	PAST	Ship interfered and this power resulted .
tr	PAST	I itched to rouse the girl to ask her questions , but she was breathing evenly , sleeping well .
tr	PRES	He swears under his breath .
tr	PRES	Serena stands , studying the wolf 's reaction .
tr	PAST	Again he tensed , and his head straightened .
tr	PAST	I freeze , suddenly remembering that she 's only had sex once , and that was two months ago .
tr	PAST	I dealt with the last of them myself . '
tr	PRES	And with that , she disappears through the door , leaving me to get dressed .
tr	PAST	And that troubled her , especially since she knew the cause .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves you , Elena . "
tr	PRES	She glares at me again .
tr	PRES	" A nap ? "
tr	PRES	The house creaks quietly while the oolong steeps .
tr	PAST	He yawned , showing lethally sharp fangs .
tr	PRES	You describe the people and the parties with amazing detail . "
tr	PAST	Milne 's tears soaked into her shoulder but she did not sob .
tr	PAST	He , for some odd reason , dismissed the thoughts as whispers from the devil trying to deceive him .
tr	PAST	Nate exclaimed in shock .
tr	PRES	" The Porsche ? "
tr	PAST	Without another second to waste , Zoey clutched her pink dust devil buster , trying not to look too disgustingly happy .
tr	PRES	One thing strikes me though .
tr	PAST	Her movements slowed prolonging the pleasure inside him .
tr	PAST	Then he unbuttoned the other one .
tr	PRES	" Liked , - past tense - not likes . "
tr	PRES	" What changes if we hear from him ? "
tr	PAST	The elderly woman pondered a long moment .
tr	PAST	Her eyes roamed up my bare chest before she thrust the balloon at my head .
tr	PRES	He was rewarded with a gurgle and saw the reddish shape slump to the floor , the redness fading as the body began to cool in death .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed with more feeling and slapped his dad on the back .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PRES	" So , Dakota ... you called about a problem with your stereo system ? "
tr	PAST	" You 're late , " Shinichi chided .
tr	PAST	He saluted , though he frowned at her .
tr	PAST	I - " Her voice broke but she battled through it .
tr	PRES	" Oh , yeah , hi " I mutter " Who the fuck is this ? "
tr	PRES	A middle-aged woman opens the door .
tr	PRES	A few minutes later the paramedics arrive .
tr	PAST	The woman shrieked and leapt back , dropping the glass to the floor .
tr	PRES	He points at me , making a clicking noise with his tongue before taking the receipt and putting it in his wallet .
tr	PAST	" You belong with your family , " she stated , stubbornly .
tr	PRES	She reaches out and gives me a quick hug before dashing off to the kitchen .
tr	PRES	His arms wrap around me protectively , the shock of his touch almost jarring in its comfort .
tr	PAST	Last night we prayed to God , and gave thanks , and now He has delivered us safely to calm oceans , unharmed and alive !
tr	PAST	The White Stag fled before us like all the other animals .
tr	PRES	That explains the interior decorating , if that 's what you were wondering .
tr	PRES	" What the heck . "
tr	PRES	Taking her with long , sinuous glides of his thick penis into her clenching depths .
tr	PAST	Helen sensed the futility in any communication efforts .
tr	PRES	Roland clears his throat and stops me .
tr	PRES	They differ from country to country . "
tr	PAST	She fetched two more changes of work clothes and a few more suitable outfits for those rare moments when she would not be working .
tr	PAST	Crawling in , I collapsed and panted for a moment .
tr	PRES	Once work was settled , I text back Victor .
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair and leans in to drop a quick kiss on my forehead .
tr	PRES	Hamilton opens the door and lets Sawyer in .
tr	PRES	He bursts into tears .
tr	PAST	She stated to Sean .
tr	PRES	But he refuses to look at me .
tr	PRES	" Are you one of my babies now , Zane ? "
tr	PRES	I shout and start shooing it away .
tr	PRES	The bed legs creak against the stone floor and the door launches open .
tr	PRES	Something occurs to me .
tr	PRES	" I heard the blasts , " he explains .
tr	PRES	Mal sneaks around and takes out a few of the guards before positioning himself in the super-secret path .
tr	PAST	She exited James 's truck visibly shaken .
tr	PAST	My body buzzed with anticipation .
tr	PRES	You sing like an angel and move like the devil .
tr	PRES	He flips it up on its side and shoves it against the window , locking away the outside .
tr	PRES	" Pavel , and ... well , um ... I 'm pregnant with his baby . "
tr	PRES	' Please think about it , Chloe .
tr	PAST	She had taunted him more than once after killing right under his nose .
tr	PAST	They fled the moment a particularly upsetting one hit her , looking at her like she was the angel of death or something .
tr	PRES	A phone ringing far away .
tr	PAST	Laughter floated in the air around him .
tr	PRES	" And eggs , and pancakes .
tr	PRES	" It will pass , " Liam comforted her .
tr	PAST	Ribbons of a sliced business suit floated in a pool of her blood .
tr	PRES	He just holds me .
tr	PAST	She eyed Matthias flatly .
tr	PRES	" ' Morning , Tessa .
tr	PRES	He of course stops to baptize the baby , and later tells his superiors about the baby .
tr	PRES	When I don 't do anything but stand there , peering at his gifts and contemplating what all this means , Tori creeps up behind me .
tr	PRES	With a final nod Heimdall disappears resuming his post overseeing the rest of the gods and leaving the others to their quest .
tr	PAST	The woman beside him hooked a hand around his nape and pulled him down for a passionate kiss .
tr	PRES	Flipping through the book , he giggles .
tr	PAST	Locke cringed and glanced over at Edgar .
tr	PAST	I jolted to my feet and stuck my finger in his face .
tr	PRES	" But it turns you on , " he whispers , and I nod .
tr	PAST	" We have just commenced dining .
tr	PAST	The remote-controlled Predator drone circled , testing top secret gadgets and toys to gather toxicity readings .
tr	PAST	She sniffed them both , and then sneezed twice .
tr	PRES	Right when I know I 'm going to come , he stops and pulls me back into the water , impaling me on him .
tr	PAST	Unless I highlighted my hair .
tr	PAST	" We 're never going to get through this light , " he announced .
tr	PAST	Razvan 's eyes glowed red and his teeth lengthened .
tr	PRES	Even if she won 't admit it out loud , she misses her friends here .
tr	PAST	Behind him rose the steep , dark walls of the Castle , the battlements outlined crisply against the cold , bright starry sky .
tr	PRES	The gun remains in his hand , but he uses it now more like a pointing finger than an instrument of violence .
tr	PAST	A cloud that once it cleared revealed that largest cobra anyone had ever set eyes on .
tr	PRES	Devin snuck up behind her .
tr	PRES	He flashes a grin that is two parts death and one part humor .
tr	PRES	" You scheming son of a harlot ! "
tr	PAST	" You 've had a tough day , " he stated kindly .
tr	PRES	Jean opens her eyes , straining to speak louder .
tr	PRES	He draws a line across the scar on my palm with his thumb before releasing my hand .
tr	PAST	" You fella 's need to get around more . "
tr	PAST	He hopped Marlon would understand and perhaps be relieved ; free to ditch the bass and join another band as a guitarist .
tr	PRES	" Commander Pierce here . "
tr	PAST	And the little pit bull dared call him stubborn !
tr	PRES	Dying , dying , she still remains , never to know life again , nor death .
tr	PRES	' Doctor Cooper . '
tr	PAST	This command produced a certain amount of grumbling .
tr	PRES	Even amongst those who profess to be good . '
tr	PRES	By that question , I assume you are ? "
tr	PAST	He faked a sympathetic smile and nodded at me .
tr	PAST	Her tank top revealed soft arms with hairy pits .
tr	PAST	She feared the responsibility .
tr	PAST	Evie screeched with me .
tr	PAST	She retracted her head back .
tr	PAST	His business thrived , and he 'd found a best friend in Dean .
tr	PAST	Biting my lip , I willed my heart to slow down .
tr	PRES	My heart pricks with understanding .
tr	PAST	Jess busted out laughing .
tr	PRES	Wade stops and covers us while we cross the open space .
tr	PRES	My Mama holds fork .
tr	PRES	Ryan nods toward it , then gazes down at me .
tr	PAST	The two hours crawled , but finally Aileen said , " We have it .
tr	PRES	" Beautiful , " he corrects .
tr	PAST	" It 's not that bad , " she lied .
tr	PAST	I glowed with happiness every time Sean was around .
tr	PRES	The photographer snaps a few pictures and I see Hunter and Hailey start talking .
tr	PRES	It freaked me out .
tr	PRES	When she pulls away , he taps her back and she scoots forward .
tr	PRES	She wishes you the best and can 't wait to meet you . "
tr	PRES	Either because the prep team 's incapacitated or I 'm too on edge , Plutarch releases me from Mockingjay duties for the rest of the day .
tr	PRES	" He tries to keep you thinking he doesn 't believe in you so you don 't realize how much he does .
tr	PAST	She wriggled to roll off him .
tr	PAST	Having found what he wanted , Ethan dialed the phone on his desk .
tr	PRES	I lean against his kitchen table , waiting for him to tell me what else is going wrong .
tr	PRES	As she says this , another glimpse of their future flashes before me , confirming what I have already seen .
tr	PAST	Mr. Caldwell countered with a different rumor .
tr	PRES	Steve yelled at him , his face twisting in triumphant scorn .
tr	PRES	Megan clears her throat and begins , louder this time , " I want some answers .
tr	PAST	Silence lingered for a few seconds , before the voice broke out in another wave of laughter .
tr	PRES	It bothers her that Kel has developed his first crush .
tr	PAST	Once , twice , three times he unfolded the thick paper to reveal his prize , a ten of spades playing card .
tr	PRES	She just about begged me . "
tr	PAST	But Stephen had deliberately skipped their meeting last night , something that had illustrated his disregard for her as both a person and an employee .
tr	PAST	One claw swiped at the empty air in his direction .
tr	PAST	Bob collapsed at the kitchen table , so badly shaken he couldn 't stop trembling .
tr	PAST	Lilla 's file claimed she was a bartender , but I didn 't see her peddling drinks .
tr	PAST	The large pages of The New York Times rustled as Mr. Bundy opened it and settled into his corner armchair .
tr	PRES	He flashes across the lot before the car even departs from its spot .
tr	PAST	His very calmness strengthened her , allowed Francesca to push aside her horror .
tr	PRES	Olivia 's picture fades and another video feed shows the Captain at a press conference .
tr	PRES	" To an outside expert ? "
tr	PAST	Alec 's eyes flicked toward Jace ; it was minute , but Sebastian caught the glance , and grinned .
tr	PAST	Together , we cleaned our dishes and cleared the wedding plans away .
tr	PAST	Bobby extended his hand .
tr	PRES	She reached up and gripped his shoulders , her nails digging into his flesh , overwhelmed by the desire consuming her .
tr	PRES	It passes in and out of the manifest universe and it 's made into whatever 's needed .
tr	PAST	She giggled , happy to have her friend back .
tr	PRES	You belong to us now .
tr	PAST	He sketched a bow .
tr	PRES	" So ... what now , Cross ?
tr	PRES	Her heart belongs to you . '
tr	PRES	He holds my hand , edging us closer to Annabella and the willow tree .
tr	PAST	His hands fidgeted at his sides , and his eyes remained unblinking on Mercedes .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	They all transferred to our school last year and became fast friends .
tr	PRES	Stopping for a moment , they wave and shout , " Good bye friends .
tr	PAST	Human bones mingled with strange animal bones .
tr	PRES	" I wouldn 't think so , " he teased .
tr	PRES	She stops washing the dishes and her body stills underneath my touch .
tr	PAST	" Dress , " he said , casually resting against the back of the chair , twisting a pen in his hands .
tr	PRES	She slides her arm reluctantly through his and looks back over her shoulder at me .
tr	PAST	Ren tugged her hand to get her attention back on him .
tr	PRES	" This is our home system too , " Blade states .
tr	PRES	Festivities and merriment await you inside . "
tr	PAST	Roger attempted to introduce himself but forgot he was wearing costume teeth .
tr	PRES	Jack sighs and rubs his eyes .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , Nicholas remains still and Kayla doesn 't cry .
tr	PRES	Without waiting for a reply , she approaches with her eyes starting out of her head .
tr	PAST	For the first ten years -- 1980 to 1990 -- we invested 130 billion of the government 's money against 10 billion of our own .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced her heart , fierce and deep .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed passing us by , arm in arm with her husband .
tr	PRES	Once we arrive , Vel snaps a manual lock onto my door .
tr	PRES	He shone Gregor 's flashlight in Hazard 's eyes and checked his pupils .
tr	PRES	I chuckle at her as she grabs her boots and bends over to put them on .
tr	PRES	A second later , a real human 's voice pops up over its speakers .
tr	PRES	" It won 't be more than another two days , " Ryan offers .
tr	PRES	Call me old-fashioned , but I need more .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped anew .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Younger , you 'll never learn to balance equations if you can 't balance yourself . "
tr	PAST	Because each night I prayed to God , knowing that someone had to be out there .
tr	PAST	I 'm opening the floor to debate , " the moderator from Missouri announced .
tr	PAST	He dove at her knees and tackled her from behind .
tr	PAST	Richard slapped at one of the insidious pests that was biting his neck before walking over to wake the others .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , I was looking for somewhere to go to the toilet , " she mumbled apologetically .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to show the Rabbi the essentials of small arms operation .
tr	PAST	I bullet over and pull her into the woods away from the chaos and into the irony of the forest that was once deemed too dangerous .
tr	PAST	How I preferred instead the fresh smell of Sunnyside roses .
tr	PRES	Nurse Crowley removes a prefilled syringe from a large metal box and rips open a small alcohol pad .
tr	PAST	Seth estimated that the casket would barely fit inside the elevator .
tr	PAST	" You know , I hooked up - " " What ? "
tr	PRES	" You and my brother , " she sighs .
tr	PRES	" But what if I wanted those dives to be private ?
tr	PAST	She inhaled deep , then exhaled , searching for calm .
tr	PRES	' Yeah , right , ' he mumbled .
tr	PRES	As he spoke he put an arm around Arie 's shoulders and drew her close , his gesture protective .
tr	PRES	Rage pushes through my body , threatening to erupt .
tr	PAST	Herod fled to Rome to plead with the Romans to restore him to power .
tr	PAST	He matched my pace , strolling alongside of me .
tr	PRES	Not so sexy now .
tr	PRES	Dante chuckles when he looks at my face .
tr	PRES	" Kingdoms exist by a careful balance of power , for power corrupts and if one person possesses too much , chaos ensues .
tr	PAST	Her pain lanced through him .
tr	PAST	Olivia had said something about a date and bounced off in the direction of the park we erected a few years ago .
tr	PAST	She froze in place , hardly daring to breathe .
tr	PAST	He 'd never skipped before , not on her watch or anyone else 's .
tr	PRES	At several intersections they veer one way or another .
tr	PRES	I wipe off the filter mount and finish the rest of what I have to say .
tr	PAST	I tugged the blanket tighter around my body and closed my eyes .
tr	PRES	We assume that law will be maintained . "
tr	PAST	he grunted , looking at his friend for help .
tr	PAST	I froze for several seconds , before I could feel that mind settle into a sleep pattern again .
tr	PRES	Lark guides her finger along an algorithm that is on the map as if she knows what she is looking at .
tr	PRES	You lean forward , munching your cookie .
tr	PAST	I propped myself on my elbows and then rolled over and onto my knees .
tr	PAST	Daniel pondered the house , the old man , and the barn .
tr	PRES	( laughs ) Ok .
tr	PAST	Small shoots of seaweed sprouted from the sand and slid over Slink 's feet .
tr	PAST	Stay there , she willed with her eyes .
tr	PAST	" Oh , " Arthur cheered up .
tr	PAST	Biscuit hooked a tow rope to the police SUV , while a bunch of volunteer firefighters coordinated the lifting of the machine off the victim .
tr	PRES	Not a flunky car attendant . "
tr	PRES	In answer , Julian draws his sword .
tr	PAST	He shrieked loudly , falling to the floor .
tr	PRES	Sitting down cross-legged on the floor opposite them , I clap my hands .
tr	PAST	I doubted they even knew they were moving , so deeply ingrained was their response to a threat .
tr	PAST	Leaving the noise and traffic at the south end of the narrow island , things quieted down .
tr	PAST	The ship floated down to a gentle landing in the middle of the hall , its feet touching the ground with a slight shudder .
tr	PAST	I almost froze at what I saw .
tr	PAST	Skyler absorbed the information stamped into the very ground by the Lycans who had used this forest for so many years .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Just don 't let it hurt him , she prayed .
tr	PAST	Nicolas glided , cutting off Gerald 's route .
tr	PRES	My mom 's hands fumble across my body .
tr	PRES	" A lawyer ? "
tr	PAST	" I missed you too , angel , " Mason joked .
tr	PRES	" Using mirrors ? "
tr	PRES	" It explains why Lea left .
tr	PAST	He had mountains of wrinkles , each piled atop another .
tr	PRES	" Thanks again , Amanda .
tr	PRES	" Master , " I shout .
tr	PRES	The noise approaches towards my bedroom .
tr	PAST	I stomped to my room muttering the entire way down the hall .
tr	PRES	You really punished him . "
tr	PAST	" I washed the dishes , go and look !
tr	PAST	They all shuffled into the living room and sat down .
tr	PAST	" Nora 's back and kicking , " she exclaimed .
tr	PAST	The visions exploded behind his eyes , and he tried to push them away .
tr	PAST	" I am Merrill , " Merrill identified himself .
tr	PAST	Chest won 't hurt me , he hardly touches my hand without permission .
tr	PAST	She stares at me with a crooked eyebrow , her shoulders shrugging helplessly .
tr	PAST	As she was trying to fix it , the thing buzzed in her palm .
tr	PRES	" He is so into you , " one of the girls beamed .
tr	PAST	He received a Bronze Star for courageous action in the Persian Gulf .
tr	PAST	Kawabata , as you know , after winning the Nobel prize , committed suicide .
tr	PRES	Keita abruptly pul ed back from him and punched him in the chest .
tr	PRES	" Why , Quentin ? "
tr	PAST	It cost $ 7.50 , plus shipping .
tr	PRES	Inky darkness fills the air below me .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , knowing he 'd never understand that those weren 't the things that meant something to me .
tr	PRES	He offers a flat smile .
tr	PAST	His words floated into her head .
tr	PRES	Willow chuckled , her head resting on Seth 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	She dared not move .
tr	PAST	Even when he was gone , some fragment of his spirit lingered behind .
tr	PAST	They trudged on along the road for nearly two hours , with one brief stop .
tr	PAST	Gia clasped Rose 's hand again .
tr	PAST	She feared he might 've cast a spell on her , because she found herself doing precisely what he 'd asked .
tr	PAST	he enquired with a gleam in his eye .
tr	PAST	I willingly submitted to him more times than I could count .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to the sky , admiring an airplane flying high above .
tr	PRES	Gwendolyn releases a happy gasp .
tr	PRES	She glances around anxiously , links arms with me , and we stoop under the curtain of cotton branches .
tr	PRES	Jonathan stares at me .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not asking you for forgiveness , " I blurt .
tr	PAST	He jabbed me harder .
tr	PRES	" Go on , Archie . "
tr	PRES	My head falls into my hands as the tears refuse to stop .
tr	PRES	( Or be more than my friend as the dating offer still stands .
tr	PRES	Without hesitation , Adams dives onto the tiger 's back .
tr	PRES	" Let him through , captain .
tr	PRES	I relax against his grip , relief at the sound of his voice , drinking in the sweet smell of lavender .
tr	PRES	" I know , buddy .
tr	PRES	( She walks up to Mrs. Brill first and holds out a butterfly ) " Butterfly you , Mrs. Brill . "
tr	PRES	The sun shone on ferns and stinging nettles , filling the air with a sweet bitter smell .
tr	PAST	That reassured her ; even more than her dread at his leaving , she feared the danger he would have to face .
tr	PRES	An elf of thirty years whose life force taps the inner fire without an intercessor or device fits .
tr	PRES	The control comment really ticked me off .
tr	PAST	Even after she stilled , the desert around her tipped and tilted .
tr	PRES	" Talk to me Mason ? "
tr	PAST	A wry smile curved Dean 's lips .
tr	PRES	I crave the luxuries , not that I can afford them .
tr	PRES	Liam falls to his knees , hunched over , then takes a deep breath and stands again , like he is battling an inner demon .
tr	PAST	It practically destroyed her .
tr	PRES	" No satellite acquisition of signal . "
tr	PAST	I swirled into her .
tr	PRES	The danger lies in the fact Time and Death mean nothing to them .
tr	PAST	The hulking young Knight Terra grunted as the little Cursor elbowed him and stepped a bit away .
tr	PAST	" Fine , " I said , my tone clipped .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe what you mean by sedative withdrawal ? "
tr	PAST	Who invented cutting blades a million , zillion years ago ?
tr	PAST	Her eyes pierced mine , determination marking her face .
tr	PAST	I quickly sped through the labyrinth of rooms , my eyes adjusting to the dim light , until I came into the parlor .
tr	PRES	" ... and then when he does stand up , he kills himself with Hanover .
tr	PRES	He disappears into the bathroom and I hear the shower switch on .
tr	PRES	" Digging in our trash bins .
tr	PRES	Tenderness shone in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Actually sums up all the above . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Pierre , " Isabelle states .
tr	PRES	" And just how do you intend to make me scream , Maxim ?
tr	PRES	" What about Cronus ?
tr	PRES	" Because David likes to play with his prey .
tr	PAST	The Sheriff 's next statement proved him right .
tr	PAST	He adjusted some controls and watched .
tr	PRES	She points a gnarled finger at me .
tr	PRES	' Vice versa ? '
tr	PAST	I selected a yogurt , which looked sad and lonely in the middle of my otherwise empty tray .
tr	PAST	The stream meandered through valleys in Gaul to the Provence , where the river divided into the Little and Big Rhone .
tr	PAST	Shane 's lips lingered on my skin before he lowered his forehead to mine .
tr	PRES	And then he begged me to spare his grandson 's life . "
tr	PAST	" I take chances , " I defended .
tr	PAST	Steve , satisfied by the kick , proceeded to drive a hook punch with his right arm but missed as Simon dropped .
tr	PRES	She dreaded the task and knew she 'd put it off until the very last moment .
tr	PRES	It had the same minor interest as the cheque butts , purchase details handwritten on the stationery of shops that no longer existed .
tr	PAST	The mesmerizing fire held my attention , I clutched my dead dog 's head in my lap for a long while .
tr	PAST	Donovan hopped into the cockpit and began flipping switches to get the engines started .
tr	PRES	" Please ... " " Jess .
tr	PAST	He referred to what they 'd done as stupid and foolish .
tr	PAST	But now , she only experienced a knowledge that she belonged here .
tr	PRES	She helps the girl to get up and walks arm in arm .
tr	PRES	Gregori growled , a low rumble of menace .
tr	PRES	Taking pictures of our family hike , BOOM iPhone .
tr	PRES	But when she looks up at me , her big green eyes filled with so much sadness , it rips the approaching smile off my face .
tr	PRES	He releases his hold on my arm but I can still feel his touch there .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know where this storehouse is ? "
tr	PRES	" Sometimes a girl loves to be told . "
tr	PRES	As I cross the finish line , I pump my fist and whoop , glad I 've shown what I can do .
tr	PAST	He acted as if he hadn 't just nearly vomited at the sight of me and glared at Meir .
tr	PAST	Deckard thanked the man , took his advice on eating at the nearby diner .
tr	PRES	She points to the closet .
tr	PRES	" Milk or orange juice ? "
tr	PRES	" You staked her ? "
tr	PRES	" This is my loophole , " he explains , drowning in sadness and regret .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled with sensation , feeling ... cold .
tr	PAST	Nobody messed with him like that .
tr	PAST	The promise of witness protection and future anonymity appealed more than being thrown back into the piranha pool , and time was important .
tr	PAST	" Morgan finally proposed to you . "
tr	PRES	" You say that almost every day , " Rick mutters .
tr	PRES	The silver city shone in the afternoon sunshine .
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned her jacket .
tr	PAST	" No one reported a demon attack to the Institute .
tr	PAST	Sam stiffened and then felt herself flush .
tr	PRES	" She likes to do ... sick things , things that hurt .
tr	PAST	Cassie stiffened slightly , unsure how Devon would handle her connection with Chris .
tr	PRES	" I tire of this .
tr	PRES	The question throws me and I squint at him .
tr	PAST	They exited the office together .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" Nice to meet you , " he practically whispers , and takes a step back .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	Tubes snaked into his arms , human machines gently beeping around him .
tr	PAST	The men , under Duncan 's direction , fanned out and took up another protective circle around the property .
tr	PAST	" Van Gogh painted quite a few Sunflower still lifes during the sixteen months he spent in Arles .
tr	PRES	The young man stops tinkering with his metal limb , " you have performed this procedure ? "
tr	PAST	She circled the head and then licked the fluid that dripped out .
tr	PAST	I preferred your company , but it was friendship I felt , the love of a sister .
tr	PRES	Vanessa expertly whipped the car around and switched gears , wheels shrieking .
tr	PAST	At last , the feeling subsided and he tore his hand away .
tr	PRES	" None of us knows that , " Gabe mumbled .
tr	PAST	Gina regarded Rafe curiously .
tr	PAST	Esso , the driver , circled , checking the wheels , springs , and harnesses .
tr	PAST	She groped for the edge of the block wall that surrounded the Mercer house , then ducked around it , out of their view .
tr	PRES	" Oh Circe ! "
tr	PAST	From his pouch , he produced a final bomb , and hefted it for a moment .
tr	PAST	Ben grunted and asked if we had any peroxide .
tr	PAST	Louisa sped her steps , her anger returning .
tr	PRES	As he reaches me , I lean against the pole , fighting to keep my breathing steady against the desire flowing off him .
tr	PRES	" Making love , doing it , horizontal bop .
tr	PRES	" Honey , your mother is dead and I don 't see her in this bathroom , " Nate tries to assure her .
tr	PRES	I vow to protect them both . "
tr	PAST	A low growl snaked through the trees .
tr	PRES	He holds a bottle of water in his hand , which he extends to me .
tr	PAST	Mitch relayed the details of Samantha Elliot 's family life as if it were a soap opera .
tr	PRES	" Shall I refill the glasses before we get down to details ? "
tr	PRES	The light shone steadily .
tr	PAST	Grabbing her hand , he slapped the branch against her palm .
tr	PRES	" I thought I heard footsteps , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She ruled back home , and I did not truly realize the extent of her power over my everyday life until recently .
tr	PAST	Then she scooted toward the table .
tr	PRES	" Which means it 's more prevalent , more widespread than we thought , " Zeph sums up the findings .
tr	PAST	Dmitri sniffed , a smile tugged at his lips , " You can 't order Big D around .
tr	PAST	But then , as I got richer , I invested it .
tr	PRES	" What about dessert ?
tr	PRES	" Because of you , I can dance tonight in the club , celebrate with my family . "
tr	PRES	This proving ground deserves to fulfill its purpose . "
tr	PRES	In addition , this process of anaerobic decomposition produces methane , a potent greenhouse gas .
tr	PRES	A group of four soldiers race up the gangway from the dock door .
tr	PRES	He falls flat to his back , and I crash on top of him .
tr	PAST	If the phone rang , her pulse skipped , thinking she 'd hear his deep voice on the other end .
tr	PRES	Mom sighs loudly and we all look at her .
tr	PRES	" Now you roam the world as an Immortal doing what ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't you be watching my girl 's ass , dude , " making him crack up laughing at my possessiveness .
tr	PRES	Brent frowns and shakes his head slightly , as if he 's trying to understand the unspoken conversation between us .
tr	PRES	" Sleep tight , Bells .
tr	PAST	One of the Cobras scoffed .
tr	PAST	At once , the tentacles retreated toward the hole , slithering across the surface , dragging Terry by his ankle .
tr	PRES	" Worked to death , " Dan mumbled .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you here ?
tr	PAST	Rome elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PAST	Chapter 5 Thursday morning , Rory phones me before I leave for work .
tr	PAST	Bonnie sped up even more , picturing a wild-eyed attacker hiding in the undergrowth , and glanced around nervously .
tr	PRES	Kenji bangs on the door .
tr	PAST	He pondered this and then he shrugged .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me .
tr	PAST	He stares at it for a long moment .
tr	PRES	She hisses , slamming her fist on the bench and putting it right through .
tr	PAST	He circled around three times and lay down .
tr	PAST	The license read , William Combs , and gave a Clay County address from the DOB I calculated he was 36 .
tr	PRES	Then he took a long breath and shouted , " Shoot ! "
tr	PRES	" Making new friends , Abby ? "
tr	PRES	That scrawny man ? "
tr	PAST	" What about proof of ownership ?
tr	PRES	Rory stops at a traffic light .
tr	PRES	" That 's fascinating , " Clubs mumbled .
tr	PAST	At the same time , a window screeched open above us , and a man stuck his head out , yelling , " Hey !
tr	PRES	The hard metal plates under her feet vibrated with the roar of the jet engines .
tr	PRES	She stops and hesitates .
tr	PAST	Tanner pitched his can into the recycling bin , eager to see Kathleen and the baby , but unable to resist eavesdropping just a little while longer .
tr	PRES	Julian offers me his arm .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands behind his back , his legs braced apart .
tr	PRES	" Sex changes everything , Liz .
tr	PAST	A thrill of danger washed over Echo .
tr	PAST	Daemon 's gaze flicked up , and a second later , Blake 's glass tipped over .
tr	PRES	he mumbled , and , very carefully , got to his feet .
tr	PRES	Rowan uses the newly created space to slip between Trevor and me .
tr	PRES	" You assume a lot , Ms. Tench . "
tr	PAST	He plopped down across from me and leaned forward , his eyebrows arching in interest .
tr	PAST	In the glorious sunshine , the young girl hopped up the steps to the roof of the library .
tr	PAST	She sped up to Dean , then pulled ahead .
tr	PRES	Justine whispers in turn .
tr	PRES	" I 'm just glad I didn 't pee all over myself , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	Nasty Men , they 'll take it , steal my Precious .
tr	PRES	The moon offers a very dim glow , shrouded in thick cloud cover .
tr	PRES	" That 'd solve one of my problems , " Leo mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Very foolish of you , Greg .
tr	PRES	A plane crash on their way to a friend 's anniversary party . "
tr	PAST	" We have a special treat today , " he announced to the class .
tr	PRES	Before she walked away , she begged , ' Will you at least think about it ? '
tr	PAST	Alice 's laughter chimed again .
tr	PAST	When he cocked his head , the corners of his mouth curved up slightly .
tr	PRES	He breathes a breath of relief .
tr	PRES	A WBC News anchor begins a nightly news broadcast , saying , " This is Teri Villanova reporting for WBC News .
tr	PAST	He doubted whether the strongest NFL quarterback could have thrown the ball so hard .
tr	PRES	He misses and the stroke hits Jon , who dives into the blade 's path .
tr	PAST	Biting on the cap of her pen , she pretended to stretch her neck left , then right .
tr	PRES	He loves you very much Abby .
tr	PRES	It will be good company for him , " Geoff comments .
tr	PRES	Another crackling flash barely misses my head .
tr	PRES	A small grin touches the corners of his lips .
tr	PRES	" This way , " I heard him call , and he dropped from sight , vanishing into the leaves .
tr	PAST	Her lashes fanned her cheeks , her lips a sexy pout as she took him deep and flattened her tongue to draw him out .
tr	PRES	I lean against the railing and take in the cramped vistas of Julie 's city .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it across the tabletop .
tr	PRES	" One last swim before dinner ? "
tr	PRES	" She plays hockey ? "
tr	PRES	" More chocolate . "
tr	PRES	The doctor glances around at the assembled visitors , not sure who the next of kin is .
tr	PRES	She likes to wander . "
tr	PAST	I could see where that would come in handy , " Elan stated .
tr	PRES	I provide them with supplies , medical attention , other necessities . "
tr	PRES	" He attacked me , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	It still stung a little to know that he didn 't want me to enter any part of his world , including his apartment .
tr	PAST	He dared not turn to see what was going on behind him .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't your mother ever teach you its bad manners to interrupt a lady when she 's talkin ' ?
tr	PRES	" What objects ? "
tr	PAST	He hopped inside and instructed him to take him to Jackson 's house .
tr	PAST	Mariah stiffened at the question .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , shaking my head .
tr	PRES	I lean back a little .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	Lighting up , she inhaled deeply , and allowed the hit of the nicotine to calm her down .
tr	PAST	First , the computer outlined the direct distance from Pier Marina to Oakland Marina .
tr	PRES	" I know that you 're angry , but think , Natalie .
tr	PRES	One hand strokes my hair as my father soothes me .
tr	PRES	Jill reaches the door , and holds up the blue paper cups .
tr	PAST	He advanced slowly towards her .
tr	PRES	A blush rises on my cheeks .
tr	PRES	She forgave the poor creature with soulless eyes who hadn 't recognized her .
tr	PAST	He carved you up .
tr	PAST	Guilty and torn , I stuffed the phone hastily under the covers .
tr	PRES	Probably cursing every grain of sand that scuffed his leather loafers .
tr	PAST	He motioned down the hallway .
tr	PRES	She wears Purple Dusk .
tr	PRES	" Vodka tonic ? "
tr	PAST	Emerson and Fanta engaged in a bout of heated whispering .
tr	PAST	The guards seized her arms .
tr	PAST	And yet the family treated her just as they did every other daughter - and sister-in-law .
tr	PAST	Her words fogged puffs into the cold air .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she said , her voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	Munro preferred to break camp and fight their way out in daylight .
tr	PAST	The big body tensed , and then shuddered .
tr	PAST	Jack froze , realizing one second too late that he had let that little bit of information slip out .
tr	PRES	" And I assume he always will be , being immortal and all .
tr	PRES	This shield only holds back humanoids .
tr	PAST	The babble of excited conversation , shouts and calls , subsided .
tr	PRES	She stands up and , walking to the door , rings the bell .
tr	PRES	Their yellow eyes shone in the dark , indifferent yet somehow malevolent .
tr	PAST	Why had she ever doubted it ?
tr	PAST	And her smile brightened as she took in the couple .
tr	PRES	Alex exhales but remains silent .
tr	PAST	In Lori 's room , Nikki stripped , climbing into the bed .
tr	PAST	Epilogue Six Weeks Later " OKAY , CLASS dismissed .
tr	PRES	" That makes two of us , " I mutter , hoping that came out convincing , knowing that it doesn 't make me feel any better .
tr	PRES	I shout immediately , juggling the phone to my other hand as the light changes and I ease through the intersection .
tr	PRES	" It 's all true , " Bec snaps .
tr	PRES	" Some years ago , a priest in Romania - " " Father Hummer . "
tr	PAST	The fourth served no purpose other than the gratification of my anger . "
tr	PAST	Two chains emerged from thin air on the trident , sealing its power to control time .
tr	PRES	With a heart wrenching look , she lets his arm go .
tr	PAST	Nick grunted , afraid to move with so many nervous and inexperienced personalities involved .
tr	PAST	Andra crumpled to the ground , helpless under the weight of her vow to a grieving mother .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the padded leather headrest and I stare at Nash 's handsome profile .
tr	PAST	" Of course not , " he scoffed .
tr	PRES	" Only an idiot tries to fight a war on two fronts , and only a madman tries to fight one on three .
tr	PRES	The idea that someone could causes tears to sting the corner of my eyes as I finally crash and shatter all over again .
tr	PAST	" Haidar ... " Her plaintive objection faltered .
tr	PAST	Just when she was starting to grind the coffee beans , her phone beeped .
tr	PRES	" What about Lydia ? "
tr	PRES	He stands and heads toward the restrooms .
tr	PRES	" So you confess ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged at her bottom lip .
tr	PRES	But then she ruined everything by asking about his dad .
tr	PAST	He taps a round circle on top of one of them .
tr	PRES	But , alas , ' tis not for you to say , lad .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" Or self-pity . "
tr	PAST	The alarm beeped louder as the ground outside rushed up to meet the chopper .
tr	PAST	Solange 's wonder delighted him .
tr	PRES	Henry asked , his voice a quiet rumble .
tr	PAST	He even accused me of doing it to impress you . "
tr	PRES	My mind flashes back to the lab .
tr	PAST	The woman dared to try and control me again .
tr	PRES	I blurt out , " He didn 't hurt me !
tr	PRES	His hand begins to make little expeditions hither and yon , brushing the top of my butt .
tr	PAST	Small , dried bits of the Geek floated around her in a halo of desiccated human blood .
tr	PRES	And ( here I surprised myself for a third time that evening ) lonely .
tr	PRES	Just then a surge of survival instinct enraged his whole body and he was determined to break free .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes and smiles at Francesca and me .
tr	PAST	For some reason , he exhaled deeply .
tr	PRES	The tin , lined with wax paper , holds lemongrass , finely diced .
tr	PRES	... never thought we 'd see you again , Kadie . "
tr	PRES	Another swing and she nailed the side of his head , sending him to the floor in an unconscious heap .
tr	PRES	I wove in and out of the tables with my pursuer close at behind , but I had the upper hand .
tr	PAST	Then she slapped on some conditioner , nearly spraying him in the face when she went into rinse mode again .
tr	PRES	She loves me enough to come along with me and to meet you , which is an unpardonable mistake I have allowed .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	Danika nodded again , her ponytail bouncing .
tr	PRES	The owner of the establishment begins to speak up .
tr	PAST	Got three more clip rifles though . "
tr	PRES	Paul rises and begins pacing and mumbling .
tr	PRES	Then she throws herself at me and I am encased in a fierce hug .
tr	PAST	- baffled by a woman .
tr	PRES	I mean , she stands in front of that , " I waved toward the living room mirror , " and pretends she 's talking to him .
tr	PRES	He hates females in authority . "
tr	PAST	He weaved through the narrow alleys , his swift speed taking them into the less savory neighborhoods .
tr	PAST	At an invitation from the king he piled eggs and bacon onto a slice of bread to make a breakfast sandwich .
tr	PAST	She sobbed against my chest .
tr	PRES	I smack my head on a rock and my ears ring as I fight to stay afloat .
tr	PAST	They piled their new finds in with the rest .
tr	PRES	I assume that is precisely why we go there . "
tr	PRES	We provide snacks and occasional meals .
tr	PAST	While the sword was in control , it relayed selective memories to him in order to do the tasks it needed him to do .
tr	PAST	He tipped his glass at a woman standing about twenty feet away from us , one of the most breathtaking women I 'd ever seen .
tr	PAST	A man in a wrinkled black tuxedo emerged .
tr	PRES	The diseased boy , Thom , stands behind her , holding a glass of water .
tr	PRES	" In English ? "
tr	PAST	He cleaned up the kitchen afterward , too .
tr	PRES	The wolf padded out the door .
tr	PAST	White fumes spewed from the severed hose .
tr	PAST	she inquired , rising to leave .
tr	PAST	I cowered with my head buried in my arms , flinching as grit whipped at my skin , like a thousand wasp stings .
tr	PRES	Julia sat up , her mouth agape .
tr	PAST	York sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	Her mother normally organized hospital ward and office inventory on Fridays , and Sally often went in to help her .
tr	PAST	As if such a preposterous statement required a double snort .
tr	PRES	The white smoke clears .
tr	PAST	His fingers and tongue swirled simultaneously and everything inside her turned liquid , molten .
tr	PAST	I caressed her hand .
tr	PRES	She holds me close , stroking my hair until I can breathe .
tr	PRES	Her son only nodded , his tone ever pleasant as he murmured , " I 'd have to agree .
tr	PRES	Aimee 's smile fills me with excitement .
tr	PRES	Nothing explains why it 's on this girl 's vid . "
tr	PRES	" We 'll have to wait until the tea takes effect , " whispers Serena .
tr	PAST	She groped for air , arousal thundering through her .
tr	PRES	" And a set of prints we don 't have on record .
tr	PAST	He stormed back to his tent , rousing his men from their sleep .
tr	PRES	He folds up the schedule and tucks it into his back pocket of his jeans .
tr	PRES	One poem in particular affects us .
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me archery ? "
tr	PAST	She secured the figures from last night 's auction from him .
tr	PAST	He shrieked even louder .
tr	PRES	Thus begins her descent into horror , as she begins to understand just what she has done an the tragedy and terror it will bring all involved .
tr	PAST	Keeping his gaze on her he glided his hands up her thighs feeling the muscles quiver beneath his touch .
tr	PAST	' I feared someone might . '
tr	PRES	Jerking the wheel of the car , Gansey revved the engine up high .
tr	PAST	In the car ride home , Sam 's iPhone vibrated .
tr	PAST	I prayed that The Devourer didn 't fly away in the chaos .
tr	PAST	He slapped Tiny on his small shoulders .
tr	PRES	She even likes gardening ! "
tr	PRES	He likes to play video games when he 's not practicing football . "
tr	PRES	When she was happy , her startling blue shone through .
tr	PAST	The centering lines of light flicked off and the broader beam of a searchlight illuminated the Proteus by indirect reflection .
tr	PRES	Dominic " Savannah ! "
tr	PAST	" They stole my fantasy , Pendleton .
tr	PRES	He helps me with my coat .
tr	PAST	" I know what 's in the official records the Council keeps , " Tony slapped Winkler on the back .
tr	PAST	She sobbed and tears streamed from her eyes .
tr	PAST	The knowledge that she so readily responded to his merest touch only deepened the scowl marring her brow .
tr	PAST	" It is my business , " she countered .
tr	PRES	" To the FRU office to do some tests .
tr	PRES	" What kind of incident ? "
tr	PAST	We motioned for the soldiers and Brock to follow us and we all walked down the new tunnel .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , sis .
tr	PRES	Tabby and I sing all the way to her new classroom .
tr	PRES	" Are you feeling okay , buddy ? "
tr	PRES	He lays the suitcase flat , opens it , examines it , closes it and leaves .
tr	PAST	" We tried to tell you to be patient , that true power came from your dedication and our teachings " Mace grunted from the effort .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , flapping her hands .
tr	PRES	" Mark my words , Gage . "
tr	PAST	Without thinking , he leaped towards her , shouting incoherently , his arms stretched out and ready to seize her .
tr	PAST	After a few moments the creature withdrew the thing and removed its skin , dropping it to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Tanner blames that on your terrible influence .
tr	PAST	Bracing himself with palms flat to the bed , he withdrew slowly , relishing the feel of her clinging to his cock .
tr	PRES	She sees a massive bright spark from the center control console where the helmsman sits .
tr	PAST	Between us was a thick tree branch , of all things , its leaves spattered with crimson .
tr	PAST	I swirled my tongue around his c * ck and then drew back until only the head was in my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Nothing changes around here , even when you leave for a year . "
tr	PAST	I matched my straight face to India 's , waiting for one of us to crack .
tr	PRES	Just as I stand to stretch them out , the hollers and stomping feet of a large body of people echo through the halls .
tr	PAST	She slowed down the wheel and backed off the pressure of their hands on the clay as she looked over her shoulder at him .
tr	PAST	He shrieked and leapt back , while two more came to take his place .
tr	PRES	" So , " he said , his voice husky .
tr	PRES	The ground beneath me and Malcolm remains still , but I can see the watchtower rumble , erupting with tremendous force .
tr	PRES	" Did we ah ... interrupt something ? "
tr	PRES	My voice cracks , and I 'm suddenly terrified of being here alone .
tr	PAST	' No aunty , ' I coldly denied .
tr	PRES	Dean loves to barbeque , as do the Steer brothers .
tr	PAST	" So that 's the goal , " Pierce announced firmly .
tr	PAST	The sound of breaking glass exploded inches away from me .
tr	PAST	He tugged it off giving me an amazing view of his tattooed body and muscled abs .
tr	PRES	He reaches for his backpack and unzips it .
tr	PAST	Izzy feared this crying jag would go on for hours , but she was easily distracted when the ground underneath her feet and legs moved a bit .
tr	PRES	I blurt out , " I wish I could see your face . "
tr	PRES	This stands to reason , given that she works as a freelance makeup artist , mostly doing weddings and the like .
tr	PAST	He strapped his sword Sting around his waist and covered it with his overcoat .
tr	PRES	She stops by every week with ... more food , " Kayla said with a groan .
tr	PAST	Palaces , feasts , and riding through the snow in sleighs piled with furs . "
tr	PRES	Allison transfers the mushrooms to the pan , stirs them into the butter and garlic .
tr	PRES	" What kind of chick ? "
tr	PAST	McKie sat up , massaged his torn wrists where the bindings had held him .
tr	PAST	She shrieked in frustration , tearing at her hair extensions .
tr	PRES	Elliot mumbled as he opened the passenger door .
tr	PRES	Mom 's eyes snap to me .
tr	PAST	" I always knew it , " screeched Jaz .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat when he saw that it was his dad 's .
tr	PRES	The Defense entrusted AISI with this project . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Hannah lied .
tr	PRES	" First the sisters and now you . "
tr	PRES	Like Viola said , tho , warn who ?
tr	PRES	" Woman , can you spare a drink of cool water ? "
tr	PRES	" The pot roast ? "
tr	PAST	She sensed that he didn 't want to be making this call .
tr	PRES	" I begged him not to hurt anyone . "
tr	PAST	He deliberately provoked his brother , hoping for a reaction .
tr	PAST	A statue of a wilting female regarded them with a baleful stare , which they ignored .
tr	PAST	We harp at each to pass the time without getting emotionally involved .
tr	PAST	Muscles built from hard work coiled and sprang to life , smashing the wood into the wolf 's face .
tr	PAST	Robert tensed , appalled at himself .
tr	PRES	Spending all his time writing his songs and stories about the girl he loves ! '
tr	PAST	Really , he feared this would be the last time he 'd be in a locker room , with other players chasing the dream like him .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to tell me directions to our first destination .
tr	PAST	The wheels of the vehicle bounced forward , and without further pomp , we were again on the move .
tr	PAST	Mary conquered the shadows introducing the process of the purification opening the mind to new spiritual experience .
tr	PRES	She misses you . "
tr	PRES	" We complement each other .
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder and regards me from behind his shades .
tr	PAST	Across the busy table Duke Conrad saluted Jason with an upraised goblet .
tr	PRES	For a few seconds , everyone quiets and the world fades away as they all wait for me to start picking out the notes .
tr	PAST	His heartbeat sped , not because of any residual feelings or desires for the woman , but with a deep-seated hatred .
tr	PAST	For a moment , a black violence swirled in his belly , a reaction to her pain .
tr	PRES	She also proceeds to tell me that two girls knocked on his door when they were all eating dinner .
tr	PRES	Leo stops in his tracks while looking into a cell block .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , " Haven mumbled .
tr	PRES	" That really explains things .
tr	PRES	Miss Giddens hears cries in the night , but Flora tells her to just ignore them .
tr	PRES	She hates you , just like I do . "
tr	PAST	Rail officials required that animals were either transported in cages , or held .
tr	PRES	' This image fits the description of the man for whom we have been searching , Father . '
tr	PRES	Of course when you relay it to them , you 're just seen as a skeptic , a conspirator , a traitor , " he concludes .
tr	PAST	He wandered over to the French doors , hands clasped behind his back as he looked to the west .
tr	PAST	I hollered , completely forgetting that I was trying to lay low .
tr	PRES	" Hi , please call me Carol .
tr	PAST	Perhaps his men acted without his direct orders , but Rand must take responsibility .
tr	PAST	Ideas churned over in my head .
tr	PRES	She reaches for her cell phone on the night stand .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to New York ? "
tr	PRES	He pushes you and your siblings too hard to master your arcane abilities , just as his father pushed him .
tr	PRES	" All the rooms have them , ye ken .
tr	PRES	" Hold on to your bootstraps , 'cause you 're about to be blown out of your shoes . "
tr	PRES	But no funny business ... " " Funny business ?
tr	PAST	" That land will be testament to the Lord , " charged the Pastor .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER SIX Damien The shock that jolted up Damien 's arm when he touched Julia again almost made him drop her hand .
tr	PAST	I dictated that information along with a description of the residence .
tr	PAST	His companion , who sounded younger , exclaimed , ' My God , Horney , why ? '
tr	PAST	The old man reappeared in another room and as he walked he began to transform himself .
tr	PRES	' OK , Carl .
tr	PRES	He stands to his feet as I walk backward toward he door .
tr	PAST	A small smile playing on her lips , she hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties and slowly shimmied them off .
tr	PAST	I giggled , my body shaking slightly which caused him to wince .
tr	PRES	I call out , listening to my voice echo through the tunnel .
tr	PRES	* * * " Look at you , " scolded Agnes , placing a bowl of warm soup in front of her daughter .
tr	PRES	" I know , I 'm sorry , " he murmurs in my ear .
tr	PRES	And then the gesture opens up to include the dock , the violin lying there , the stream going past .
tr	PAST	It exposed her and comforted her at the same time .
tr	PRES	After a few seconds , he lets out a sigh and looks up .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at his lips .
tr	PRES	She pushes herself forward on the sofa and the cigarette falls out of her mouth onto the floor , and starts smouldering on the carpet .
tr	PRES	He roars , causing both Victoria and Ella on either side of me step back slightly , however I stand my ground in front of him .
tr	PRES	Aunt Prue paused , her hand still resting on the iron pull .
tr	PAST	" I 'll have to check my calendar and get back with you , " he hedged .
tr	PRES	He goin to marry me , G .
tr	PRES	" It changes . "
tr	PAST	Ruby motioned them inside .
tr	PAST	The tires squealed and my head bounced off the driver 's side window .
tr	PRES	" But on a larger scale ? "
tr	PAST	A while later the esthetician announced that it was all done .
tr	PRES	" By dating , I assume you are referring to courting , interaction between young men and women ? "
tr	PAST	His hand fisted in her hair , the soft strands easily sifting between his fingers .
tr	PRES	Some echo stirred in his mind of being the river of the vast and living sea .
tr	PRES	My heart stops for just an instant , torn between elation and devastation .
tr	PAST	Her flashlight dimmed and went out .
tr	PAST	Jane 's words bounced around inside Tick 's mind , trying to sort themselves into something that made sense .
tr	PRES	" Hi , " she mumbled into my neck , her lips a tender caress as she kissed along my jaw .
tr	PAST	Rafe sought out Ari , who was gossiping in the corner with Lia and Rachel .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened as he stopped beside her and brushed the hair from her eyes with a feather-light touch , tucking the strands behind her ear .
tr	PAST	The rusty bike crumpled on impact and bounced along beside him .
tr	PAST	" They 're going to kill me , " I sobbed , my voice broken and raspy .
tr	PRES	" You belong to Liam , the headmaster of this school ? "
tr	PRES	Five almost allows himself a laugh .
tr	PRES	She carries bad memories from the war in Europe .
tr	PRES	I assume that they are both far taller than me , and they must be very uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	Gale slides down beside me , his nose trickling blood .
tr	PAST	I motioned to Will .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands pitifully , imploring .
tr	PAST	Lucan 's gray gaze bore into him through the video screen .
tr	PRES	And this one here belongs to Veronica .
tr	PAST	I just floated above it all .
tr	PAST	You smashed it as always .
tr	PAST	His black eyes twinkled across the faces of the sisters until they finally rested on Rose .
tr	PAST	I never forgave myself for it , but Vivienne did .
tr	PAST	Danika 's small body stiffened underneath his hands .
tr	PRES	He exhales , staring out the windshield .
tr	PAST	Unexpectedly , his anger lessened .
tr	PAST	" Have you solved the Jefferson cipher ?
tr	PRES	" You 'll probably stop by with the boyfriend , " Sadie butts in .
tr	PAST	Dozens of them circled him , preventing his escape with spears and daggers at hand .
tr	PAST	The colors inside the band swirled around that contact , as if it knew she was touching it .
tr	PRES	Their present course bears me out . '
tr	PRES	" Please just get me out of here , " I plead .
tr	PRES	I lean back and relax , taking from Ben what I need .
tr	PRES	" Yes ' r .
tr	PAST	She pondered the facts she had .
tr	PRES	Everybody uses it all the time . '
tr	PAST	In complete blackness , she crawled to the door and leaned up against the wall as she made her way to morning check-in .
tr	PRES	His face shone with sweat but he jerked with violent shudders until she ran her hand up and down his arm and whispered soothing words .
tr	PRES	I assume he means the universe ?
tr	PRES	She remembers and - " " And she hates you .
tr	PRES	Charlie glances at me with a quick shake of her head .
tr	PAST	Mrs Cray phoned Mr Vine at the factory and said I 'd not be in yesterday , but he 's expecting me in today .
tr	PAST	Once safely back at the sanctuary of my desk , I tidied up a little bit and sat down to figure out which DNAs were running low .
tr	PRES	" No , " I clarify , " but buying flowers for her . "
tr	PRES	The mech wolves surround him , cutting off any retreat .
tr	PAST	And all without anybody noticing a thing . '
tr	PRES	A cold dark seed of panic begins in my gut .
tr	PAST	A big black van screeched to a halt in front of us .
tr	PAST	To rise up only to be brought back down to my knees , shattered into shards ?
tr	PRES	Drew 's face falls .
tr	PAST	More of that old connection urged him to fill the silence rife with her hurt .
tr	PAST	In fact nothing intruded on her mind except for the gorgeous man standing in front of her .
tr	PRES	Lucas pushes away , trying to show anger in his role as Black Beard .
tr	PAST	Her fingers clutched hard to her belly , trying to stanch the flow of blood , the tumult of gore through rent flesh .
tr	PAST	Sitting behind his desk he replayed the last few months .
tr	PRES	" You don 't know shit , " she throws back .
tr	PAST	Had anyone ever delighted in any aspect of his existence ?
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	His body falls between my legs and I grind up against him .
tr	PRES	" Because I don 't recall any complaints at the time . "
tr	PAST	Her body jolted and the air in the room got thick .
tr	PAST	Ellie dialed directory assistance .
tr	PAST	" Well , this other one is too high for me to get on , " Kenny pondered .
tr	PAST	" You said she didn 't leave , " Sophie countered , but Rausch shook his head .
tr	PAST	He extended a large hand with a smile .
tr	PAST	He inched closer and said in a gentle voice , " Come on out , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	As soon as the elevator opened , a gorgeous , tall blond glided out , leaving a trail of heavy perfume behind her .
tr	PAST	" I 've lied to you once , Mr. Carter .
tr	PRES	Then in turn , she points to the women at the fire .
tr	PRES	Rory joins me at the edge of the track to watch .
tr	PRES	My head snaps back , and I taste blood .
tr	PRES	Slowly she peels her sticky thong off .
tr	PRES	The bullet strikes the Mog right between the eyes .
tr	PAST	This way , you 'll stand out on the monitors , my common sense piped up .
tr	PAST	She propped her feet up on a pillow and covered her with a blanket .
tr	PRES	She just hates Black Cross as much as you do . "
tr	PRES	" Morning , sugar bear , " she whispers , biting my ear .
tr	PAST	Tears leaked from her eyes and rolled unchecked down her cheeks as her hands clutched him close , trying to keep him safe until the ambulance arrived .
tr	PRES	" Are you happy , Savannah ? "
tr	PAST	" Not sure " screeched Peddle .
tr	PAST	The dog 's plumed tail wagged frantically as it trotted back to the little girl .
tr	PAST	The fish wriggled and splashed .
tr	PAST	Hope clutched Logan 's arm , and he could hear her pulse speed .
tr	PRES	He reaches for it and then puts it within my reach .
tr	PRES	" You bunch of prejudiced asses .
tr	PRES	Feeling brave , I drew close to the hole and looked at him , eyeball to eyeball , saying , " What do you mean ?
tr	PAST	Tourists disappearing , replaced by hurried office workers cutting through the park .
tr	PRES	" Don 't sound so gruff , " she teased .
tr	PAST	she inquired with sweet reason .
tr	PRES	" He carries the weight of the world on his shoulders , guilt as you wouldn 't believe . "
tr	PRES	This store always carries such unique merchandise .
tr	PRES	" Turns out she can 't stand country music .
tr	PAST	Jacob 's frown deepened , " That 's enough now .
tr	PAST	He eyed me , the tension in my jaw and shoulders and then looked to Javier .
tr	PRES	Mason snaps , yanking me around to face him .
tr	PAST	Ahead , a cement mixer churned gray mortar into a steel trough as a helmeted worker monitored the progress .
tr	PAST	That kiss proved what I 've suspected for months and we 're not going to back away from it . "
tr	PRES	Sadness washes over his face .
tr	PAST	Hanna pretended to fix a tag on Dot 's collar .
tr	PAST	I massaged his foot lightly as I sucked some more , until he said , " Damn ! "
tr	PRES	When he 's done with the match he flicks it out the window , and she watches the pale red ember disappear down into the dark .
tr	PRES	It offers comfort and is familiar .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches out .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me so I 'm flush up against his upper body .
tr	PRES	My stomach lurches thinking about what he witnessed .
tr	PAST	James claimed a few more things from the apartment that he needed for work and slipped downstairs to stow them in his truck .
tr	PAST	I slapped them away .
tr	PRES	Reeve clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Brick and stone town houses served as storefronts and restaurants .
tr	PAST	She pondered this as she slipped up the stairs , keeping flush to the wall .
tr	PAST	They perused the available transport .
tr	PRES	" Is he ok ? "
tr	PRES	" You ever seen her without that bright red lipstick she likes ?
tr	PRES	When I see Ketchup 's mouth open to demand an answer , I say , " Leave him alone , Ketchup .
tr	PRES	She likes Jace . "
tr	PAST	Overhead an elaborate web of ropes and pulleys shuffled weighty wooden crates from shore to ship .
tr	PRES	I lean towards his voice but the pressure of his hands is gone and I slump to the ground .
tr	PAST	A hint of a smile tugged up her lips .
tr	PRES	Time passes not in seconds and minutes , but in numbers and percentages .
tr	PAST	In fact , she curved toward him , almost touching him , coming a whole lot closer than he wanted .
tr	PRES	This sickness stems from our water supply . "
tr	PRES	His father clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Cruz ! "
tr	PAST	She attempted to rise , pushed feebly at Jasmine , who held her down .
tr	PAST	I tugged his sleeve until his thoughtful gaze came back down to earth .
tr	PAST	She tugged her hand and after a moment 's resistance he released her .
tr	PAST	She tugged on her hand to try to free herself .
tr	PRES	He wraps his hand around mine .
tr	PAST	She yawned loudly , covering her mouth , fighting back waves of tiredness .
tr	PAST	I dumped the grain through the opening in a stall front .
tr	PRES	Wide open fields surround the small house that my new family lives in .
tr	PAST	He tormented her , first keeping her from coming , then forcing her to , over and over .
tr	PAST	" Give me the information I want and I 'll contemplate letting you go home , " he countered .
tr	PAST	He eyed me up and down for a moment before he finally asked , " You say you 're from America ? "
tr	PAST	You also stole weapons and left the grounds without permission .
tr	PRES	" Have to catch Chloe , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my clothes in the suitcase and then slammed it shut .
tr	PRES	Nerves churn in my stomach , making me feel nauseated with fear .
tr	PAST	Jordan hurriedly unzipped the backpack .
tr	PRES	Zeke holds out a hand , offering his assistance to help me up .
tr	PRES	- And on Earth , too , Elijah .
tr	PRES	Since me and my sisters were there when you burned up , we witnessed most of the spell .
tr	PAST	" She is pregnant , " the goddess announced without turning around .
tr	PAST	Wil leaped onto the front bench before offering Selena a hand up .
tr	PAST	Tapestries made of snakeskin adorned the dark stone walls and skeletons of predatory fish hung from the low ceiling .
tr	PRES	A guy falls from the street into the alley ; out of breath too , he stashes himself between two recycling bins .
tr	PAST	At that moment , two bolts of lightning split the sky simultaneously .
tr	PRES	Man , this tastes so good .
tr	PAST	Dan regarded her with puzzlement and fired the revolver again and again until no bullets remained in the gun .
tr	PAST	The ship perceived it as an attacking plane and in self defense , it shoot down the provoking bomber .
tr	PAST	" A very famous building , destroyed of course during the smash .
tr	PRES	My sister sees me through a lens of hope .
tr	PRES	Atticus , you HAVE to come check this out ! "
tr	PRES	Even Rian knows what 's going on , yet he refuses to tell me .
tr	PRES	Henry flicks another stone , but it only does two skips .
tr	PRES	It clears my head .
tr	PRES	A Senator also ? "
tr	PRES	' And Tony . '
tr	PRES	He touches my hand and nods , so I continue .
tr	PRES	Same lies to Congress .
tr	PAST	Flying insects buzzed through the humid jungle .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone like a cat 's .
tr	PRES	Better than an exterior staircase that would have been treacherous in winter .
tr	PAST	A promise denied ten times over .
tr	PRES	" Now look what you have done , you idiot woman .
tr	PAST	Coincidence 's eyebrow singled out Motivation for attention .
tr	PAST	All of the suspects matched his description -- male , middling height , age and weight , greying brown hair .
tr	PRES	" Make it quick Wallace and don 't say anything about where you are . "
tr	PAST	The sun 's rays reflected off the building making them glow like a bright LED light bulb .
tr	PAST	The man who had destroyed Simon 's father and nearly cost him the business his family had built over generations .
tr	PRES	" So I 'm waiting for you to panic , " Ethan unexpectedly announces , kicking a chunk of ice out of the way .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going for the pizzas , " Kenny announced , kissing the top of my head .
tr	PRES	Ripped couches and broken lamps , clothes and shoes and fallen bodies to step over .
tr	PAST	I scooted up so I was level with his ear and whispered , " Forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Miranda .
tr	PAST	A semblance of relief reassured Julian .
tr	PRES	" Yes , miracles .
tr	PAST	Displaying immense diplomacy , George opted for the middle table to keep Bottle Blonde - or rather Arian - and me apart .
tr	PRES	These small canvases sell for five figures .
tr	PRES	JD set the book down gently , his fingers resting on the cover .
tr	PRES	He likes to stay close to the beer .
tr	PRES	Leaving the kitchen area Diana sneaks off into the island foliage .
tr	PAST	" He claimed that he was responsible for bringing the two of us back together .
tr	PAST	" Savannah , " Bo announced softly , holding the phone out to me .
tr	PRES	" I know , " I add quickly .
tr	PAST	" Daddy has asked Mummy to read to you tonight , Sam , " she announced brightly .
tr	PRES	He remains in a petrified state , inert , until somebody feeds him .
tr	PAST	Here he suddenly subsided again into a whisper - a croaking whisper unlike his usual voice .
tr	PAST	Tanya circled the creature , crossing her weapons in a defensive stance .
tr	PAST	Bo tugged on my hand , swiftly putting an end to the conversation .
tr	PRES	He removes his hand and I keep going , feeling the soft , veiny skin of his cock ripple slightly at my touch .
tr	PRES	The length of it bothers me .
tr	PAST	Leonard defended and swooped into his car .
tr	PAST	Wiping the tears from her eyes , Kay replaced the photograph .
tr	PAST	Two days after the incident at the pool I received a letter at the office , hand-delivered by an embassy driver .
tr	PAST	However , as she sat on the bench , bile lingered in her throat .
tr	PRES	" To our seats ?
tr	PRES	When she 's sure I 'm following her , she releases my hand and tucks her stray hair behind her ears .
tr	PRES	She opens one of her eyes to see what he is doing .
tr	PAST	Olivia acted as if Grace hadn 't even spoken .
tr	PAST	I opted for the left , and Vincent took the right .
tr	PRES	" She never sees us .
tr	PRES	" But , how about we just call it a tuning fork ?
tr	PRES	He reclaimed her hand and whispered , " That 's Sara . "
tr	PAST	He grunted , dropped the now incapacitated soldier , and sat abruptly clutching his calf .
tr	PAST	Two moons crawled across the stars , and then one disappeared as the planet shook with violence and fury .
tr	PRES	The story begins with Book One , carries on and concludes with Book Two .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself from the fall lying prone on the floor , aimed again and fired two rapid shots back to back .
tr	PAST	David motioned toward the door .
tr	PAST	He dialed her number .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , almost angrily .
tr	PAST	She then shattered the frozen bodies .
tr	PAST	Lifting it , he swooped down and took my breath away .
tr	PRES	He attempts to dust off the sand only to accidentally squeeze the contents of the grocery bag all over the couch .
tr	PRES	" All I 'm saying is that Benjamin should be in love with Chantilly , " she states firmly .
tr	PRES	I sputter as I break the surface .
tr	PAST	They slowed their pace and started taking extra precautions not to be detected .
tr	PAST	He phoned at least once a month to check up on them and Jazmine called him every now and then when she needed to talk .
tr	PAST	The need radiating from him violently strummed her , the reverberations deepening her paralysis .
tr	PRES	Initially I chalked this up to semantics and went on with my life .
tr	PAST	Laila unleashed the promised scream .
tr	PAST	The ocean sparkled in the tropical sun , the sand glowed with sunlight .
tr	PRES	* * * Mr. Clancy and the others cautiously worked their way through the low trenches between the towering mountains .
tr	PRES	The officers arrested Wallace and took him to jail .
tr	PAST	Two hours later , she emerged with her two friends , the three of them still pinching themselves hardly able to believe their good fortune .
tr	PAST	The man withdrew his hand .
tr	PRES	I flap my wings and fly high into the air .
tr	PAST	From the wide crack in the ground , rich , dark soil spewed into the air like from a volcano .
tr	PRES	Mara hates to be kept waiting . "
tr	PRES	" Sure , " I mumbled and then my mouth threw up verbal diarrhea all over him .
tr	PRES	Jim strokes his grey goatee .
tr	PAST	They invaded your home at least twice .
tr	PRES	Our allegiance hinges on that baby 's life . "
tr	PAST	A breathless , flushed Sarah waddled along behind him .
tr	PAST	Her arm hooked over the branch , saving her from plummeting out of the tree .
tr	PRES	He stretches , his broad expanse of torso expanding and contracting .
tr	PRES	He talks that way right at first to get your attention .
tr	PAST	Green announced a break , and I stopped dancing when the radio took over playing music .
tr	PRES	That explains the philosophy behind this shop ! "
tr	PRES	' A gentleman allows his girlfriend to be head of the household .
tr	PAST	The roundup proceeded better than she 'd anticipated , with only a couple minor pushes and disagreements about who claimed whose spot .
tr	PAST	The women behind her matched her pose .
tr	PAST	They 're nice people , " Eve defended .
tr	PRES	" But surely -- " Elspeth shook her head and placed her teacup on the table .
tr	PAST	He grunted and meshed our lips harder together .
tr	PAST	" It 's a sport , " he defended .
tr	PAST	I cocked a brow .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Ravel to see Lady Gilbert , " he stated smoothly .
tr	PRES	" Black Mist just kills .
tr	PRES	The fog washes over her , making her look like a dream within a dream .
tr	PRES	" I slew many in the wars .
tr	PRES	" What about Jess ? "
tr	PRES	Then she sees a line of redness , dropping her mouth at the bombardment of flying red rocks .
tr	PRES	No sleeves best . "
tr	PAST	And one of the women bore upon her shoulder the remains of a huge gray wolf .
tr	PAST	Some retreated to private communes or went overseas in search of fortune .
tr	PAST	Alabaster skin dusted with the sweetest hint of rose .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands .
tr	PAST	The green haired girl stated .
tr	PAST	Grams stormed out of the room , passed Savannah who was standing in the doorway .
tr	PRES	She glances at me , and smiles .
tr	PRES	" He loves you .
tr	PRES	As in high school , they arrive at her home too soon .
tr	PAST	He tugged on his shirt and smoothed his hair in an attempt to appear natural .
tr	PAST	Not even sure where she was going , only knowing she had to run , she charged out the door .
tr	PAST	The doctor cleaned up and walked out of the room .
tr	PRES	His chest rises and falls steadily with each breath , pressing his abdomen up against my breasts each time .
tr	PAST	Out of politeness they awaited their return before continuing along a path they were yet to find a map for .
tr	PAST	A Coke machine provided the only light .
tr	PAST	Singer circled to the other side and looked up at her .
tr	PRES	I reach up slowly and take the note , opening it one fold at a time .
tr	PRES	Bill 's eyes shone .
tr	PRES	Neither of us likes Steven and if you 've got some dirt on him , it would really help my investigation . "
tr	PAST	The people around Oakes feared for their own flesh .
tr	PAST	That action cost me .
tr	PAST	Simone cocked her head at his deadpan words .
tr	PRES	He brings his rifle to his shoulder and takes aim .
tr	PAST	" I am ready , " he inhaled .
tr	PAST	I propped the photo back up and returned the picture of his mother to the shelf , my heart racing along with my thoughts .
tr	PRES	A change of administration always causes a certain amount of disruption and upheaval , my Lords .
tr	PAST	Lucas sensed her emotion shifting into a deep sorrow , accompanied by the distinct feeling of frustration .
tr	PRES	" Friend or not , you 're going have to pay for this , " Blythe insisted , her voice high and hysterical .
tr	PRES	I can 't see that , " she explains to me .
tr	PAST	Rich , oh , Rich , " she sobbed joyfully .
tr	PRES	Walking over to the pool of clear sparkling water in the cove , Diana states , " Amazing , I wonder what it is ? "
tr	PRES	Sean 's chest rises and falls in a steady motion as he holds me close .
tr	PRES	Some shirtless Africans were working behind them in a kind of plantation and two white men were supervising this work .
tr	PAST	She 's been a good girl , " her mom chimed in .
tr	PRES	From above , a tiny LED beam signals briefly down the center shaft of the squared spiral staircase .
tr	PAST	Yet I doubted he would be in .
tr	PAST	Gunner saluted Jasper with a beer bottle .
tr	PRES	" They scare me . "
tr	PRES	His hand lands on my waist and slides around my back , pulling me flush against him .
tr	PRES	Something rips my heart .
tr	PAST	Her hand floated up , gliding to a perfect landing on Josh 's chest .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us to the second part of his name .
tr	PAST	Jack crawled out and on his stomach , slowly moving towards the horse .
tr	PRES	I 'm not allowed , " he teased as he scooted his spoon around the ice cream pushing the nuts to my side of the bowl .
tr	PAST	Ash stiffened , and his hand went casually to his sword hilt .
tr	PRES	Twenty minutes later , she invites me into her office .
tr	PAST	General Well 'n gone awoke from his reverie with a start .
tr	PAST	Then we withdrew again , retreating back to the fifth tributary of the River Arend .
tr	PAST	Someone at the police station tipped me off . "
tr	PRES	He opens his top drawer and pulls out a sketchbook .
tr	PRES	He strongly suspects you 're our source , and he 's probably plotting revenge .
tr	PRES	I detest them - little worms destroying lives and thinking they know what power is .
tr	PRES	And smack him again .
tr	PAST	She clutched at his wrist and tried to glare at him as her cheeks turned scarlet .
tr	PAST	The maintenance man shrank back into the crowd that surged along the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	Jase gazes at me , those green eyes searching my face .
tr	PRES	She uses that tone that has been getting under my skin for the last few weeks , the one that implies that she thinks Tristan likes me .
tr	PRES	I bob up from my seat and go over to hug him hello .
tr	PAST	Cleon yawned , his fillings visible in the rearview mirror .
tr	PRES	" To witness ? "
tr	PAST	It further stated that Brian Carter had a long history of dissatisfaction with doctors when they refused to provide him with the medications he wanted .
tr	PAST	Considering their next stop were the mountains , she highly doubted it .
tr	PAST	When she didn 't object , he inched his way higher to her calves , more of a stroke now than a massage against her bare flesh .
tr	PAST	She looked to me , then announced , " I 've got ta go .
tr	PAST	Grace gritted her teeth to keep from saying something she 'd regret , but his attitude stung .
tr	PRES	" According to what I dug up , the analysts estimate you to be a Level Seven or Eight . "
tr	PAST	And then , with a gesture almost of ecstasy , she plunged the splinter in , sending blood spurting and spilling .
tr	PAST	" Hey , " I announced myself .
tr	PRES	The image fades and I can feel Cassandra 's hands retreat from my temple .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her .
tr	PRES	But at that moment something shone on Toby .
tr	PAST	Blake stares at her as if willing her to recognize him .
tr	PAST	I figured you 'd made your decision , ' I faltered , my heart continuing to pound fiercely . '
tr	PRES	" Good bye . "
tr	PRES	Johnny gallantly carries my sea chest back to the brig , and I put my things in it , which is satisfying .
tr	PRES	" Is everything ok Steve ? "
tr	PRES	Some sort of black leather strap swing thing hung from the ceiling .
tr	PRES	My lips part on a shattered gasp and his finger sneaks inside , strokes across the very tip of my tongue .
tr	PRES	I HAVE SEEN YOUR THOUGHTS , AND SEE NO NEED FOR CONFLICT BETWEEN US .
tr	PRES	" Oh , how tragic !
tr	PRES	My nostrils flare with a foul stench as we near to the doorway outside the room to where my father leads us .
tr	PAST	Thankfully I eventually crawled back to the family business , where I stayed put . "
tr	PRES	" She blames herself ? "
tr	PRES	" On the plaque ? "
tr	PRES	" Because my mother died last winter − with a fever .
tr	PAST	He palmed the soft globe , his thumb circling the tender nipple .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and started walking around the car .
tr	PRES	It helps to provide huge amounts of electricity for the Soviet Union .
tr	PAST	Still holding her hand , Pinky snaked through the crowded room towards two empty stools at the end of the bar and waved at the bartender .
tr	PRES	She begins to shake her head .
tr	PAST	A second later he and Archie dove into the car .
tr	PRES	That ugly captain , the one with the scarred face , he carries it with him wherever he goes . "
tr	PAST	After Jacque died , he urged his relatives to move away from his country permanently for fear of their safety .
tr	PAST	People still bothered with those ?
tr	PAST	Hunter unzipped the bag from the inside .
tr	PRES	The smell though , that was what drew them in , the blood stink of a living breathing human .
tr	PAST	A slow smile curved his perfect lips .
tr	PRES	I sneer at Stewart , my speech slurring .
tr	PRES	He deserves some solitude after what he just did .
tr	PAST	The girl eyed Jordan like he was Jesus returning to collect His saints before Armageddon .
tr	PRES	" Relax , what I 'm about to tell you is not to leave the confines of this room , ok ?
tr	PAST	Reaching for the dildo , he replaced his tongue with the fake cock .
tr	PRES	I steal a glance at the door , and I 'm relieved to see that both the deadbolt and the chain are in place .
tr	PRES	Your soul to rest in the ocean wide Your body is ours to keep inside We cherish the memories legion Sustained by the ocean tide .
tr	PRES	I lean in and take a closer look .
tr	PAST	" And you don 't know what you 're doing , " Peter countered .
tr	PAST	The cat perked its ears and ran toward a house and disappeared into a rubber pet door leading inside .
tr	PRES	i 's not right , ' it mumbled .
tr	PRES	Derrick explains , " We decided after 24 hours that the transmitter was probably broken , because they would have been there already .
tr	PAST	Angry sounds exploded from across the room .
tr	PAST	He sensed no direct threat from the man .
tr	PRES	" They belong in cages . "
tr	PRES	She stands at Dove 's shoulder , looking up at me .
tr	PAST	She was still watching me , her head cocked like she was trying to understand .
tr	PAST	The hut disintegrated and many of the soldiers were killed or wounded .
tr	PAST	I phoned the police to explain that we had cornered two burglars and one of them was slightly wounded .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I said , my voice ridiculously watery .
tr	PAST	She elbowed me playfully and then took my hand as we walked back to her car .
tr	PRES	" Oh no , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	She lets out a breathy moan , and I feel myself harden .
tr	PAST	He feared only an instant .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , not so much against the sting of the hit as the sting to her pride .
tr	PRES	Trevor lets go of my hand , then points .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed then that knitting would become my friend , my refuge , my psychiatrist , sometimes my enemy , and ultimately lead to my career .
tr	PAST	" I know what you mean , " he grunted through gritted teeth .
tr	PAST	That I had completely lied about winning a case when I first met him .
tr	PAST	For the sake of everything that I loved , I prayed that this plan of Amy 's was going to work .
tr	PRES	Kamil begins to piece the events together .
tr	PRES	" You and me both , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" You now belong to me . "
tr	PAST	His tense body and quickening breath served no help , nor did his heaving chest at her back .
tr	PAST	He calculated it would take four to five hours to reach the castle .
tr	PAST	Marco swiped a magazine up from the table and fumbled to open it , mumbling incoherently underneath his breath .
tr	PAST	On my bedside table , my phone buzzed , and I groaned , finally cracking open my eyes and looking at the time .
tr	PRES	He softens his voice .
tr	PRES	He flips me over until I 'm on my back and he 's holding my arms to the mattress .
tr	PRES	Meaning , the central street of the town holds houses and behind each house sits a large field for farming .
tr	PRES	David stares at his paper .
tr	PAST	He squinted at it for a moment , grunted , then looked up at the company .
tr	PAST	But Kelly still preferred the middle , more somber Barron brother .
tr	PAST	she asked , her voice muffled through her fingers .
tr	PAST	She preferred to remain anonymous , to make no impression on people .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " she hedged .
tr	PAST	But Kelly had lied .
tr	PRES	My bedroom door opens .
tr	PAST	No special training required . "
tr	PAST	So I solved the problem by proposing to him . "
tr	PAST	I froze , realizing I didn 't know much about it .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and takes a bite , licking her lip .
tr	PRES	Of the others , the Minotaur carries the most cumbersome weapon .
tr	PRES	Since her first major safe crack , to be exact .
tr	PAST	Meg exclaimed , her bright smile not entirely masking the concern flashing in her eyes .
tr	PRES	Speechless and about to puke , I wipe sweat beads from Aimee 's forehead .
tr	PAST	Then his eyes flicked down , and back up to hers .
tr	PAST	Dan tipped his hat back and rubbed his hand over his mouth .
tr	PRES	" Calm down , dude , " Matt whispers out of the side of his mouth .
tr	PAST	Thomas jabbed a thumb over his shoulder and raised his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	" You made it harder , " she accused in a laughing voice .
tr	PRES	Just days ago I begged you to be honest with me about everything , and instead you lie ? "
tr	PAST	Cassandra eyed him suspiciously , not sure if she should trust him or not .
tr	PAST	Wildflowers carpeted the earth and a gentle breeze drifted through the meadow and , catching her breath , Carol removed her hat in a form of worship .
tr	PAST	He forcibly hauled her over to the sofa and flung her onto it .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , my heart pounding against my chest .
tr	PRES	Anyone who could treat her like that deserves the worst possible death .
tr	PRES	Severance shone the light along the surface of a long , sealed case .
tr	PRES	Sydney leaned against me again , one of her hands resting on the little wooden cross necklace I 'd painted for her long ago .
tr	PRES	Summer glances back at me and rolls her eyes , " You never know what we 're going to need .
tr	PAST	" Shit , " Rachel exclaimed .
tr	PAST	But she just sorts through his entries and keeps one out to the side .
tr	PRES	Dax clutches his chest like the wind 's been knocked from him .
tr	PAST	She unfolded herself and sat upright .
tr	PAST	He downed it and glided into the room .
tr	PAST	Amanda scoffed at the thought .
tr	PRES	Sharp and fresh , the scent fills the cave .
tr	PRES	" Cell fourteen . "
tr	PRES	Didn 't we warn you that Rand had grown unstable ? "
tr	PAST	" I think I 'll ask him to dinner on Saturday , " Ashleigh announced , checking her lipstick in the mirror above the sun visor .
tr	PRES	His head butts against the little pendulum piece of flesh at the back of my throat .
tr	PRES	" The earl ? "
tr	PRES	Another man stands next to them .
tr	PAST	She steadied herself at the last second .
tr	PRES	Cricket stands behind me .
tr	PAST	The Abbot described a huge man , fair in hair color and complexion , who was instrumental in the attack .
tr	PAST	Dorian inhaled a sharp breath .
tr	PRES	A fever cooks my mind away .
tr	PAST	I squinted to find my dad .
tr	PRES	Gravity applies to all things evenly regardless of mass - the feather falls at the same rate as the canon ball in a vacuum .
tr	PAST	Growling his appreciation , he inched the hem of her dress up to her knees , freeing her to wrap her legs around his waist .
tr	PRES	I hiss , nervous .
tr	PAST	Oscar , waiting for him in the passenger seat , yawned ostentatiously .
tr	PRES	I shout to one of the women at the control room desks .
tr	PRES	" Ugh , I broke it , " Tammie sighs .
tr	PAST	" The book , you fool , " he fumed .
tr	PAST	Seeing her , they both froze .
tr	PAST	A long hallway extended away from the elevator , each side lined with open doors .
tr	PRES	" Damn Paige - you almost brained me with that thing ! "
tr	PAST	At that , I scoffed .
tr	PRES	She stands with me .
tr	PAST	Half cremated , half buried , the wreckage bore no resemblance whatever to the graceful Fair Monique .
tr	PAST	The person before us bore no resemblance whatsoever to Miss Peregrine .
tr	PAST	Riley hopped and struggled away from the village and towards the forest .
tr	PAST	Tara motioned the kids out of the room .
tr	PAST	He grunted in response .
tr	PRES	He loves me something fierce .
tr	PAST	He blamed all ills on the gambling industry .
tr	PRES	Lips curving up , straight white teeth revealed , dimples out in full glory .
tr	PRES	He releases my arm but beckons me forward , and , though I 'm still a bit wary , I follow .
tr	PAST	He produced a small , rolled up parchment and handed it to Adelia .
tr	PAST	" So your observation that you may go forty-eight hours without a fight is actually one of disappointment , " Deuce surmised clinically .
tr	PAST	Stark regret carved out the lines of his face , even as she noted his full erection and the hot need in his gaze .
tr	PRES	She gazes at me for awhile .
tr	PAST	" No , and the security robot produced all the tapes this morning .
tr	PAST	Finally some words emerged .
tr	PAST	He cocked a brow .
tr	PAST	As if on cue , a chime sounded over the chips PA and a muffled voice announced that they were making the final approach to landing .
tr	PAST	Charlie thanked Theresa and went to his class .
tr	PAST	Tyrone referred to the man taking a piss .
tr	PRES	The venom in her voice unmistakable , and his eyebrows went up the slightest bit .
tr	PRES	" Jennie , it has come to my attention that you must move into the yellow room , " Aunt announces first thing .
tr	PAST	She balled her hands up in her shawl as she debated what she should do .
tr	PRES	An abandoned house almost invites somebody to move in . '
tr	PAST	Chapter Two The frustrated roar split apart the otherwise normal sounds of the sprawling auto garage and both Heather and Atlas went on red alert .
tr	PRES	She slides in next to him , tilting her head in his direction .
tr	PRES	And my heart stops because I know that I have to answer it , but now isn 't the time .
tr	PRES	It slides into his skin with ease like a needle puncturing tissue .
tr	PAST	Ileana 's wicked giggle replayed in my head .
tr	PAST	" I - " " I 'm back , " Kira announced as she bounded next to me .
tr	PRES	At the same time , the wall at the rear cracked , shards of stone rattling down to the cave floor .
tr	PRES	Patty loves to come here , too .
tr	PAST	Tom motioned with his head toward Natalie .
tr	PAST	Gradually , her breathing slowed , and her shaking subsided to an occasional tremor .
tr	PAST	James seized on that .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue . "
tr	PRES	Kenji winks at me .
tr	PAST	Returning his smile , she adjusted the garland on the tree .
tr	PRES	Du n no where .
tr	PRES	It helps relieve the stresses of life in this new world . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mutter again .
tr	PAST	His whole body bounced with his casual nod .
tr	PRES	She hates everyone . "
tr	PAST	Because she 'd lied about it .
tr	PAST	Sam sort of smiled back , eyes squinted shut , still acting like he had something in them .
tr	PRES	He flicks the air bubbles out and goes over to where Royal sits .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth momentarily .
tr	PRES	It stops the pounding but not the yelling .
tr	PRES	I lean back , resting my foot on top of my other knee .
tr	PAST	Her hands groped for her , pushing her to the side of the ski lift .
tr	PRES	To him , human equaled prey , equaled meat .
tr	PRES	" I 'll make sure your opinion of him reaches the right people , Nia .
tr	PAST	Once I was in , I created a backdoor , canceled my contract with them , and I 've been accessing and analyzing their data ever since .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't your parents ever teach you that children should be seen and not heard ? "
tr	PAST	It required a herculean effort . "
tr	PRES	Once we start heading down this new hallway , I relax a little and Rian starts telling me about it .
tr	PAST	She pitched her phone back in her purse .
tr	PAST	He clutched her to him fiercely .
tr	PAST	" My dad 's gon na be mad if we don 't go home soon , " Max announced .
tr	PRES	To my dismay , my body shudders .
tr	PAST	We treated you like a child and left you in the dark .
tr	PRES	" Whenever a serial killer is caught , he blames the voice in his head ... .
tr	PRES	" Well , then , let 's feed you . "
tr	PRES	In time of war , they merit summary execution . "
tr	PRES	" Do it again , " she whispers , breathless , her hand rubbing me hard .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Hastings sniffed defensively .
tr	PRES	He laid still , his cloak shielding him from sight .
tr	PAST	I exploded , the tears rapidly giving way to a rage I had never known existed .
tr	PAST	He motioned with his hand to indicate that they should head up the stairs .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , the door opens , and Lacey jumps up , separating us in one final , powerful leap .
tr	PRES	That explains the dizziness .
tr	PRES	The smile snuck back on Jane .
tr	PRES	He loves that car . "
tr	PRES	Xe touches his right hand .
tr	PAST	" Richard , please don 't get cross threaded with my next statement .
tr	PRES	" Mmm , so sweet , " he mumbled and I began arching my back and writhing around .
tr	PRES	" What ladies ? "
tr	PAST	Brody bounced up to her and wagged his tail .
tr	PRES	he said , his breathing shallow . '
tr	PAST	I thread my hand through her hair , pulling her closer , trying to get as close to her as I can .
tr	PRES	" Hey , Mary ' Lise . "
tr	PAST	Then it bounced off the adjacent walls , making even more of a racket as it rolled down the passageway .
tr	PRES	He " d drag " em back and lock them up and throw everything at " em and see what stuck .
tr	PRES	' ' Bruno ! "
tr	PAST	The terracotta tiled roof had sagged , the white window shutters hung loose , and the paint flaked away from its wood .
tr	PAST	" That means nothing , " Garrett chided .
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder at me , smiling .
tr	PRES	Pierre reaches out and takes one sword , admiring its workmanship .
tr	PAST	Robin lingered in the kitchen , frowning .
tr	PAST	Monica collected her thoughts for a moment .
tr	PRES	Holly opens her mouth to answer , when a voice calls out .
tr	PAST	Her teeth tugged worriedly at her lower lip .
tr	PAST	He pretended to be happy for my sake , but I sensed him slipping into a dark place that scared me .
tr	PAST	Stacie jiggled off again , returning moments later with an additional wineglass , a bottle of wine , and another place setting .
tr	PRES	I strain to watch Will from the corner of my eye .
tr	PRES	He pushes out a breath .
tr	PRES	" Well , ya see , Capt 'n , that 's not really me job , " he begged off .
tr	PAST	His hands crawled up her stomach and lifted one breast , then the other to his greedy , hungry mouth .
tr	PAST	Please do not leave her side , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	But then the beam of her favorite flashlight shone across the ornate desk , and Kat knew what she had to do .
tr	PRES	Still damp and still smelling like Sharpie .
tr	PRES	She tries to turn her chair to face mine , but I hold it fast , so instead she twists her head sideways .
tr	PRES	my dad snaps , stopping in his tracks .
tr	PRES	No rips or holes that would have explained how it had come to be relegated to the rag pile .
tr	PAST	They eyed each other warily , neither moving .
tr	PAST	He reported that indeed the passage existed but was technically difficult .
tr	PAST	Here , the law operated however he wanted it to .
tr	PAST	Jay inhaled sharply , and he said , " Easy , easy , " as he stroked the soft mounds .
tr	PAST	" For a human , yes , given that they lead such short lives , " Ryder piped up .
tr	PAST	he motioned to a Fairy behind her .
tr	PRES	" She still loves him , doesn 't she ? "
tr	PRES	She sees a tail and then nothing .
tr	PRES	" We sing these unaccompanied , the breath through our throats like the wind in the sails of the ship .
tr	PAST	Daniel herds his son out the door .
tr	PRES	" Grandpa ... I ... Jesus ! "
tr	PRES	" She likes you , Clay .
tr	PRES	In the distance he glances back at me one more time and seems to be baffled by the fact that I turned him down .
tr	PAST	The tension fled her body .
tr	PAST	Frowning , I swiped up the bag .
tr	PAST	Concern pricked at Kylie 's mind .
tr	PAST	All in all she bore all the hallmarks of a wealthy woman .
tr	PRES	They expose the radioactive core and the whole thing powers up .
tr	PAST	Something writhed deep beneath .
tr	PRES	Bronwen likes our horses .
tr	PRES	The words echo around the square and beyond as the mike amplifies my voice .
tr	PRES	She stops short of the base of the path .
tr	PAST	" That can 't be , " Antonietta denied again .
tr	PAST	The ME concurred with Oriole that Marvin Stutz and the dead body were one in the same .
tr	PRES	You and your friends have passes out of Morganville .
tr	PAST	But it plopped into existence a few inches from his face ; it was fat , round , black and glossy , with horrible eyebrows .
tr	PRES	" But if you 're leaving your swords ... " " Safe as houses . "
tr	PAST	" Blow , " she instructed , holding the towel in place , and he did with the excess energy he put into everything .
tr	PRES	" Which Counts ? "
tr	PRES	He sighs , then gazes around at our little group .
tr	PAST	The picture of Elle at Homecoming swirled around in my head like a ghost of some distant memory .
tr	PRES	" No , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Up many stairs and down many hallways , they padded like whispers .
tr	PAST	Edmund floated around the corner and came toward us .
tr	PAST	Rainwater soaked her feet and ankles , dampening her nightgown .
tr	PRES	The door begins to bend inwards ; it 's only a matter of seconds before they get inside .
tr	PRES	" It 's hot , " he explains .
tr	PRES	" Okay , so scratch that .
tr	PAST	Her already flushed face deepened a shade and her eyes glazed over with desire .
tr	PRES	The baby belongs to Reese .
tr	PRES	Pale light from the dash shone on her face .
tr	PAST	An ache unlike anything I 'd ever felt pierced me all the way to my core .
tr	PRES	" My mum ... she wants us to introduce ourselves to your family . "
tr	PAST	Vin followed quietly , feet crunching splinters of wood as she slowly withdrew , leaving a broken keep , shattered army , and humiliated lord behind .
tr	PAST	She yawned and stretched , rubbing her hands across her face before digging into her satchel for her spectacles .
tr	PAST	His hand lightly caressed my forearm .
tr	PRES	She plays with Anna sometimes .
tr	PAST	" Of course I 'll go , " I stated .
tr	PRES	" Not unless we want a bubble bath .
tr	PAST	With a nod , he dismissed Manuel and Adele , who quickly disappeared , closing the doors behind them .
tr	PAST	Late summer ruled here , but it was a more temperate summer than my own kingdom 's .
tr	PRES	For Mindy was the picture of the sophisticated , dislocated urbanite , her hair , nails and make up perfect .
tr	PAST	He sloshed in the gel and then clumsily pushed open the thin plastic lid .
tr	PRES	' Yeah , sure , buddy ... no problem .
tr	PAST	She swiped a finger across her lashes , then a smile curved her sweet lips .
tr	PAST	she shrieked at him .
tr	PAST	' Hey , the canvas is stuck , ' he announced to the tower in general .
tr	PRES	Someone brings food , someone brings drinks , someone brings dessert .
tr	PRES	He tries to comfort me , but I shake my head , bring my hands to my eyes and cover my face .
tr	PRES	And I respectfully request the Court to obtain a determination on this point . "
tr	PRES	And an Arcadian always pays her debts . "
tr	PRES	" You don 't have to , " Kenji points out .
tr	PAST	The cloud of dust swirled and curled up over the creature 's head as if in response to its command .
tr	PRES	He stops and is waiting for an answer .
tr	PAST	' Yeah , message received loud and clear , doll .
tr	PAST	The inferno tormented him , taking him to the edge of insanity , skittering a dull ache up his arm and into his heart .
tr	PAST	For being so apparently unfit , you handled yourself rather well . "
tr	PAST	All around us , knights emerged from the trees .
tr	PRES	Zander 's head snaps up .
tr	PRES	" Clay was there too , " I add uselessly .
tr	PRES	Liam stands , brushing off his cape .
tr	PAST	I faked a smile and looked away .
tr	PAST	" Baby girl , you described yourself , not Romeo and Juliet . "
tr	PRES	The stars shine brightly against the onyx sky .
tr	PAST	I dealt with them . "
tr	PAST	Nicolas slept propped against a tree trunk with his sectioned staff in his hand , ready for any sudden danger .
tr	PAST	My head bounced off the floor , and the pillow landed on top of my face .
tr	PRES	I swing one leg through the window and latch on to the cord .
tr	PAST	Duke swirled his wine and smelled it before taking a long drag .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	Fletcher 's nostrils flare .
tr	PRES	" Good lord , this city isn 't ready for the likes of you , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	Momentum pushes me on but my feet can 't keep up with my urgency and I fall to the floor again .
tr	PAST	A chromosome scan of the Galli girl proved she was human .
tr	PAST	He secured the tourniquet .
tr	PRES	" That applies to most of the LNA , as near as I can tell . "
tr	PAST	Dizziness assaulted her , and she had very little time to break his grip before she blacked out .
tr	PRES	Thus begins weeks of horror as the party makes its way south .
tr	PRES	" Starred Gods . "
tr	PRES	" I assume this is strictly confidential . "
tr	PRES	" Every man deserves to know he has a baby .
tr	PAST	Mist of varying colors swirled through and around the branches .
tr	PRES	Says here that she only takes certain cases . "
tr	PAST	Stuart eyed Phillip with suspicion - and jealousy .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her body into his and she sighed at how comfortable it was to be with him .
tr	PAST	Then he ditched the world 's greatest piano chops to DJ .
tr	PAST	Izzie 's head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	He slapped my bottom and gave me one last kiss , before pulling away .
tr	PRES	She stands there for a beat before saying anything .
tr	PAST	A split second later three blue beams of light engulfed the door frame .
tr	PRES	One rips off most of his right leg and devours the flesh , howling with satisfaction .
tr	PAST	With Nina 's stability at stake , Phoebe feared she couldn 't risk another night in his bed .
tr	PAST	Every fiber of his being urged him to yell back at her and tell her no .
tr	PAST	I cringed when I thought of my behavior over the past few weeks .
tr	PRES	" Stewart loves you ! "
tr	PRES	" What brings you back ? "
tr	PRES	" Costs to the Federal government would be minimal , " the senator points out .
tr	PAST	Nigel exclaimed , looking at Simon .
tr	PRES	Cordelia opens her mouth , and begins to sing to the doll .
tr	PRES	He glances up from the book he 's skimming through .
tr	PRES	Madeline deserves to know what happened , don 't you think ? "
tr	PRES	Like a tall , skinny gorilla .
tr	PAST	His giant black body wavered slightly , then slumped to the floor .
tr	PRES	" So the times you fade away ... " " Sometimes it 's because they 're too close , " he said , starting out .
tr	PAST	She tensed to spring , just as the door to the kitchen flew open and Clary burst into the room .
tr	PRES	Utterly confused by what he 's just witnessed , Link stares at the open air in a stupor as the rain bears down on him .
tr	PAST	~ I awoke with Adam between my thighs .
tr	PRES	" First , " she said , " please call me Charlotte , Miss Gray .
tr	PAST	She twirled around the closet .
tr	PAST	I prayed everything would work out for Lee and consequently for Casey .
tr	PRES	" I was starting to worry , " Gabby teased .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to go study , " I announced glumly as I headed up the stairs .
tr	PAST	A loud explosion boomed , followed by screams .
tr	PAST	His world tilted , then tipped over .
tr	PRES	Darcie flashes me a thumbs up and I laugh .
tr	PAST	He charged Ares , raising his fist to strike .
tr	PAST	I hoped he didn 't notice the elevated level my electricity suddenly surged to , I pretended not to anyway .
tr	PAST	Her hair floated around her head as if she were submerged in calm water .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , you screwed up and got caught but you 're still alive .
tr	PAST	" You 've never lied to me before . "
tr	PAST	Fifty students attended this class , but half always skipped .
tr	PRES	They balanced each other perfectly .
tr	PRES	Max sees me through the glass and motions for me to come in .
tr	PRES	His usual cheery self .
tr	PAST	The thick branches overhead blotted out the paling sky as he entered the wood surrounding the cabin .
tr	PAST	Behind me , Zayne tensed and then he launched into the air .
tr	PAST	He pinched his nose again .
tr	PAST	My muscles locked into place , froze me where I stood .
tr	PAST	I scampered through the familiar maze of marble statues almost to the back fence .
tr	PAST	" I would draw the line that none shall pass , " he exclaimed as the sword quivered in the sand .
tr	PRES	Kalen said , his hand resting on the back of the control couches both officers sat in .
tr	PAST	Mom brightened , and I suspected their new home would be somewhere near her beloved London .
tr	PAST	" Hi , Rachel , " a male voice slurred .
tr	PRES	" Who steals them ? "
tr	PRES	I belong to Reyes , and he belongs to me .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth against the pain and glared into his eyes .
tr	PAST	She giggled , then became sober again .
tr	PRES	Where I belong . "
tr	PRES	They " put away childish things " , those first and fondest loves .
tr	PAST	Nikko stirred at Painter 's feet , rising to his haunches , one ear cocked to the sound of his master 's voice .
tr	PAST	" I lied because I had to .
tr	PRES	The call just disconnected . "
tr	PAST	" I guess , " Emma lied .
tr	PRES	Sounds , um , relaxing . "
tr	PAST	" Earlier this year , I received more threats .
tr	PRES	" He 's always angry , " Gabe sighs .
tr	PRES	With every gesture , my anger rises .
tr	PAST	I sniffed and caught a faint whiff of blood in the air .
tr	PRES	Someone buys a house and finds something in the attic , or buried in the backyard . "
tr	PRES	" Me , too , buddy .
tr	PRES	She considers her words .
tr	PRES	" A hundred yards . "
tr	PRES	After they passed the small town of Townsend , the traffic gradually thinned and allowed them to push their speed to around 85 .
tr	PRES	A moment later , tears sliding down his face combining with his saliva dripping from the corners of his mouth .
tr	PRES	She pushes Lucy aside and brings her hands to her head as if she can protect her thoughts from my intrusion .
tr	PAST	A gust of cold air caressed her face luring her inside for a more thorough helping .
tr	PAST	A quick look around the dining area revealed a collection of New York 's wealthiest and visiting famous .
tr	PAST	You freed me ! "
tr	PRES	And he loves you and your brothers and sisters . "
tr	PAST	That served as confirmation that England was in this mess up to his neck , not that I 'd needed it .
tr	PRES	After a moment , he hugged me close , his hand resting on my hip .
tr	PRES	And instantly the old man ceases to be alone .
tr	PAST	Not noticing the amount she put into the mug , she dumped full spoons of sugar into the murky brown liquid .
tr	PRES	Michael carefully slid the tasers out of his pocket , his thumbs resting on the buttons that would shoot the wicked prongs up to fifteen feet .
tr	PRES	When the medics try again to pull me from Day , I shove them roughly away and scream .
tr	PAST	Yes , that was what would be best for both of them , though remembering my own feelings , I doubted they would listen .
tr	PAST	They ruthlessly dealt with the enemies and took slaves to further his kingdom .
tr	PRES	" And will you be a vampire someday , Mr. Stephen ? "
tr	PAST	Bonnie predicted that it would be sharp and sudden and that I would need both of you .
tr	PAST	" Dear God , " he prayed .
tr	PRES	Again unimaginable , but it makes everyone feel as though they have a firm grasp on things .
tr	PAST	the president inquired further .
tr	PRES	he whispers as he affectionately combs his fingers through my hair .
tr	PAST	Gatsby grunted as he tried to get up from the edge of the bed that he was sitting on .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here in the afternoon ?
tr	PRES	Ares stands beside the fireplace , warming his hands .
tr	PRES	I exhale , almost laughing .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " she mutters , her shoulders slumping forward .
tr	PRES	Briefly , it shone straight into Sally 's eyes and then , moving on , lit up the pale faces of the Northern Traders .
tr	PRES	" Liar , " she mumbled and sighed .
tr	PAST	The creature slowed as it approached , wide mouth cracking into a jagged snarl .
tr	PRES	How about warming them on the heater first ? "
tr	PAST	Eliza topped off Gwen 's glass and refilled her own .
tr	PAST	He froze again , fearing , hoping .
tr	PRES	I add a little chuckle trying not to sound too broken .
tr	PAST	The Christmas tree in the corner twinkled with festive lights that illuminated the gifts piled beneath .
tr	PRES	When we 're closer , she points to the field between her back garden and the cliffs .
tr	PAST	I whimper , shut my eye , curl up tighter , and try to shrink away from the columns of fire that roar around me .
tr	PRES	Sighing , I lean against the building .
tr	PRES	But the higher I go , the more my stomach lurches in terror .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	For a moment , I hesitate asking a new question .
tr	PRES	He swears he 'll go public before he allows any harm to come to them . "
tr	PRES	" The guy really hates you . "
tr	PRES	A livid look passes across his eyes and for a second I get an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of my stomach .
tr	PAST	You violated Smitten Kitten code . "
tr	PRES	" A witness ? "
tr	PAST	Cassandra toyed with her wineglass .
tr	PRES	" Babe , I am going to the ladies room real quick , Ok ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , that explains why she was so eager to leave when I burst into her chamber . "
tr	PRES	" He hates that name . "
tr	PAST	While frantically thinking of how he could resolve this situation and admitting to himself it was a ridiculously unprofessional gesture , he received a call .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the lenses and it seemed to be clearer , but it was still just water .
tr	PAST	She circled it to be sure .
tr	PRES	" Get cleaned up , sweetie , " she told her , tone soft .
tr	PAST	Our guide motioned around her .
tr	PAST	The vampire fell back beneath the impact of her clean shot , its hands clutched at its chest as it gurgled and squealed .
tr	PRES	The bite either kills you ... or changes you .
tr	PAST	Ten minutes later Neil came up the stairs , his hair tousled .
tr	PRES	Josh lets out a sigh , as if being bored hurts worse than getting shot .
tr	PRES	His musky scent fills my nose and my mind begins to swim .
tr	PRES	No humiliating or snarky comments .
tr	PRES	Jason snaps out of his reverie and checks his watch .
tr	PRES	My Mama opens my door with a fake smile .
tr	PRES	" That guy kills me .
tr	PAST	She palmed his chest .
tr	PAST	A quivering smile curved her lips even as she started again to cry .
tr	PRES	Heat and just a hint of moisture .
tr	PAST	Doc stifled a yawn .
tr	PAST	Amma froze in the kitchen doorway .
tr	PAST	Its eastern wall featured a small tower ; its western side sported a round , protruding sunroom .
tr	PRES	Aunt Letty talks to her about the effects of cyberbullying at a school .
tr	PRES	" To be polite . "
tr	PRES	" Can 't you untie the whip so we can have a civil talk ? "
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands between his legs and smiled .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	John trudged behind us , his boots as heavy as any Mortal 's footsteps .
tr	PAST	His words only served to renew my convictions .
tr	PAST	George claimed this would pass after another ten years of marriage but Darren didn 't think that would happen .
tr	PAST	" I served the principality and I did it well .
tr	PRES	Ervin stands and opens the dry box , snapping Serena from her concentration .
tr	PAST	It matched her eyes to perfection .
tr	PAST	" Oh , please , " she scoffed .
tr	PRES	An idea strikes me .
tr	PAST	And then , seeing what he carried , she exclaimed ; her face ignited with elfin , exuberant glee .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PAST	Liza skipped and ran over , throwing herself into me .
tr	PRES	Without them , the system stops working .
tr	PAST	She far preferred her dream world to this one .
tr	PRES	I muttered wearily , my head still spinning .
tr	PRES	He likes to sleep in fresh laundry , and he always smells so good .
tr	PAST	She scribbled the time on her notepad and jotted things down as he spoke .
tr	PAST	He flicked the cigarette , sending the butt on the pavement , and he didn 't move to put it out .
tr	PAST	Although Simon 's reflexes were finely tuned , his initial focus on blocking the punches exposed his ribs .
tr	PAST	To his left and right , the others also charged , but he ignored them .
tr	PRES	" To a certain extent . "
tr	PRES	" Callie Lawrence , you let him put his arm around you , " he states .
tr	PAST	Penny volunteered that he had his 84th birthday last week and they had a little party at the nursing home where he lives .
tr	PAST	My dick wept for mercy .
tr	PRES	Which brings me to our first mating .
tr	PRES	My darling , cute , grouchy little gargoyle demon !
tr	PAST	She extracted herself from his embrace .
tr	PAST	Cecily would also have Alice over frequently who regarded Sarah as her arch enemy , realizing she was in the way of the one thing she desired .
tr	PAST	I stormed toward the front doors of the manor , yanking hard .
tr	PRES	" But she has to know , Agnes .
tr	PAST	His company , with or without his consent , stole our top consultants .
tr	PAST	I pretended to think about it , knowing exactly what I wanted to do .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , but lots of people quit smoking .
tr	PAST	But she just matched my quick " no " with her own word .
tr	PAST	She tensed even more .
tr	PAST	Trent dove to the right and into the scrub .
tr	PAST	Sitting back down in frustration , she tugged harder at the knots , the impossible tangles tightening even more around her waist .
tr	PRES	He lays his forehead against mine .
tr	PRES	The victim breathes the mist in , and it takes a while for it to get into his blood .
tr	PAST	I crouched down and got ready .
tr	PRES	I represent the estate of the deceased and you can tell me now what 's going on or you can wait until I get a subpoena . "
tr	PAST	Danni 's frown deepened .
tr	PRES	" I assume you didn 't come over to check out my place . "
tr	PRES	Dante laid next to her , his head resting on his elbows and his eyes not moving away from Tammy .
tr	PRES	" So ... can you fix it ? "
tr	PRES	She deserves it after coming this far . "
tr	PAST	Raja hopped over the side of the convertible and watched as Vinny drove away .
tr	PAST	She dared not remain too long outside the safety of rock , so she ate in quick gulps , and she never got enough .
tr	PRES	" Remember what I said about the toxicity , " teased Lee .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , yeah , fuck you too , Ma !
tr	PRES	" They connect some of our safe houses , the homes and estates of our patrons .
tr	PAST	Then , you bath , again , using more bubbles .
tr	PRES	Karen clears her throat and new tears form in her eyes as she struggles to continue with the painful truth of her past .
tr	PRES	" Let him go , Ship . "
tr	PRES	" Then , that explains it . "
tr	PRES	Nobody likes panda eyes .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Watson , you are charged with murder , " the Judge announced loudly .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " I hedge .
tr	PAST	I clasped her hand tightly .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , well , I screwed up .
tr	PRES	She giggles , and I look down at her .
tr	PAST	He dusted his fingers together as he rose .
tr	PRES	He pays for everything and picks up the bag of supplies .
tr	PAST	Faded scars crisscrossed here and there from his life on the run , either from stupid accidents , desperate escapes , or conflicts with local lowlifes .
tr	PRES	Which explains why I can only afford this place . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew the badge and flipped it open .
tr	PAST	They caressed her like silk , like Lorraine 's manicured hands .
tr	PAST	Veronica exclaimed , " You have to do something .
tr	PAST	In the beginning , he pursued me with such passion and fire that I still dream about it sometimes .
tr	PAST	The Prince was lying on the couch , feet propped on the TV set , which he 'd dragged closer .
tr	PRES	Zoey ( Flipping her hair ) : " It helps me get my way . "
tr	PRES	At times , Domi sees fit to send disasters upon the world : other times he will give the most innocent of children a deadly disease .
tr	PAST	" No he doesn 't , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	And I prayed the Ageless wouldn 't try to interfere .
tr	PAST	And they bore no resemblance to Amanda .
tr	PRES	Inhale , exhale , inhale , exhale .
tr	PRES	Minna remains quiet , letting us come to the final conclusion all on our own which she already knows is going to go her way .
tr	PRES	He slides one finger , then another , easily into my vagina and I feel my stomach muscles contract as my breath catches in my throat .
tr	PRES	" Lady Julienne , your beauty steals the breath from me . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , Preston , " mumbled Joe , looking sheepish .
tr	PRES	Everybody mumbled and panicked at the sight of them .
tr	PAST	" Mine , " he rasped , kissing and nibbling at the skin on her neck .
tr	PAST	Then he produced a handkerchief and rubbed away at whatever the green stuff was that had begun to grow on the glass .
tr	PAST	His sister-in-law slapped his arm as they turned into the house .
tr	PAST	I swiped my hands over my thighs .
tr	PAST	He presses a playful kiss to the end of my nose .
tr	PRES	Until she falls asleep .
tr	PRES	Everything you are , you teach .
tr	PAST	Bill ambled over to the plane , smiling and greeting each of them .
tr	PAST	The other leaped for the bear 's throat but found only yellow teeth and a fierce bellow of rage .
tr	PAST	She flicked a glance at his extended hand and then stood on her own , wobbling on her white stilettos .
tr	PRES	He hates to be dependent on it .
tr	PAST	Why , even my confident smile never so much as faltered on my face .
tr	PAST	She cringed at the thought .
tr	PAST	He countered her evasive leap with a lash of his tail , which boasted a hard weighty scale on the tip that was used like a mace .
tr	PRES	" See you when we return Mother and Father , " Pierre states sadly .
tr	PRES	" What about teddy bears ?
tr	PRES	" He suspects subterfuge . "
tr	PAST	And therein lied a built-in lesson for students on frugality .
tr	PRES	' Is it polite to pour boiling pitch on visitors ?
tr	PAST	A detective who worked out of the Twelfth Street station related the curious tale to Coughlin and Whalen .
tr	PRES	" I know a sticking point when I see one , captain .
tr	PAST	As the rigging dragged in the water , the ship slowed to a crawl and the Wench sailed quickly past .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side and said , " You could . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to play football like you , " Travis announced .
tr	PAST	Noah stiffened when a vision of his father 's Range Rover popped into his mind .
tr	PRES	She looked fresh , her hair still damp .
tr	PRES	Elliott pushes against it , but it won 't budge .
tr	PAST	Hanna instantly inhaled a heady whiff of her fruity Kate Spade perfume .
tr	PAST	Many collapsed into slumber immediately , for their limbs were weary and the feast had contented them beyond measure .
tr	PRES	Lennox just stares back at her .
tr	PRES	Bob glares at him .
tr	PAST	Tara munched on a chip before glancing across the cafeteria .
tr	PAST	Just then , my cell phone buzzed again .
tr	PAST	" No , " Rita shrieked .
tr	PRES	Pinned and hooked and buttoned to my body , they drag me under .
tr	PRES	" Your tutor in Jerusalem ? "
tr	PAST	Stalker 's skin was ruddy and chapped , his lips split .
tr	PRES	" Oh god . "
tr	PRES	Then a leopard with a Collar , a smaller bear without one , and finally , Xavier .
tr	PAST	He zipped me into a thick sports bra , pulling a tight , thin shirt over my head .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat before he continues , voice gaining firmness .
tr	PRES	He hates himself for the thought that just ran through his mind , but he has to address the issue .
tr	PRES	Why anybody likes me .
tr	PRES	Push too far and they will go crazy .
tr	PRES	A smile plays on his lips .
tr	PAST	At that moment , a troop of some fifty Lifeless barreled around the corner , charging toward him .
tr	PAST	Graham went for Tiger Man 's throat and missed , the tiger landing Graham a spinning blow on the side of his head .
tr	PAST	' And we have an engagement later this afternoon , ' Frances lied .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat , and then another .
tr	PRES	" This changes everything .
tr	PRES	" Tell me something about you , " he begs , slumping against the seat with his head turned toward me .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Woodstock ? "
tr	PAST	With his palms on the mattress , he supported his torso easily .
tr	PRES	Alex remains staring at me with way too much heat in his eyes .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a deep breath and heard a sound .
tr	PAST	Kumiko giggled , actually giggled , looking at George as if they 'd somehow stepped into the middle of an unexpected comedy sketch .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat when he stood in front of me , leaning down to kiss me slowly .
tr	PAST	Rayford exclaimed , relieved that his angel had allowed him to express just a tiny bit of what he was feeling .
tr	PRES	I swing around , seeing the tall , light , and handsome male .
tr	PRES	They signal a harmony of mind , body , and spirit , all living in peace , and at one with the environment . "
tr	PAST	The rest of the world ceased to exist as we sat there , in a bubble of happiness .
tr	PRES	" Over Chloe ? "
tr	PRES	He even helps wash my back , and takes a few liberties while washing my front as well , but that 's why I love him .
tr	PAST	It proved easier than they 'd expected , as the other vines appeared unresponsive , perhaps asleep .
tr	PAST	For a moment , she panicked .
tr	PAST	She hooked me up . "
tr	PAST	He glided a hand over his short shaven head before lightly running it down along the scar that started under his ear .
tr	PRES	I immediately snap out of my trance and feel embarrassed .
tr	PRES	Pox hugs me then tries to stand .
tr	PAST	He only acted according to the rules set down by the Ancients .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and squeezes my knee .
tr	PRES	He mistook the fabric of his suit for his own skin , itching a thick seam over his elbow .
tr	PAST	" Two dead , " Logan reported after crouching to take a pulse .
tr	PAST	" Got a delivery for ya .
tr	PRES	He stands , gives a practised wave directly to the cameras , and the screens go black .
tr	PRES	" Says here you 're a star football player .
tr	PRES	He talks highly of you .
tr	PAST	With a grimace , Bryan dumped the rest of his punch into the dead moss at the base of a fake ficus tree .
tr	PAST	When they were inside , he secured the door .
tr	PRES	The pain in his voice undeniable .
tr	PAST	He caressed her back absently .
tr	PAST	If the living room had shocked me , the bedroom rendered me speechless .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not sure , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Torrance proceeded over to their old garden plot , and began to dig .
tr	PRES	She flicks her wrist and Doctor Hartman is flung into the bulkhead next to him quickly and painfully .
tr	PRES	He sighs and stares into the blackness of the TV screen .
tr	PAST	Curling up in the large feather bed next to him , Victoria pretended to fall asleep whilst waiting for the drug to take effect .
tr	PAST	" Time to plan revenge , 'cause I 'm not about to sit back and do nothing . "
tr	PRES	" I 'll call you soon , " I mumbled , then turned and left the room , heading straight for the front door .
tr	PRES	It seeps into me , stealing my breath , and latching onto my hunger more intensely than ever before .
tr	PAST	" I found the gun , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she sighs .
tr	PAST	" Dad , " Lacy exclaimed .
tr	PAST	And he trusted her , knew she hadn 't betrayed him willingly .
tr	PAST	He lovingly washed her back , her long hair , and after massaging her shoulders , Daniel turned her to face him .
tr	PRES	This matches perfectly with your eyes , such beautiful eyes ! "
tr	PRES	Let 's compare notes . "
tr	PRES	" The history of the Sun Stones . "
tr	PRES	' But what of Abbas , Master ? '
tr	PAST	Curling her legs up to her chest , she sobbed quietly into her knees .
tr	PAST	" I 've not stuffed anything in Ty 's bed in some years .
tr	PAST	The words taste acrid in my mouth because I know I don 't mean them .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with the zipper of the portfolio .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it again , and held it up as evidence .
tr	PRES	Jerking her elbow from the council member 's grasp , Serena returns a harsh gaze and doesn 't answer .
tr	PAST	The floor appeared to be black painted steel , scratches in its surface shining brightly against the hard black all around .
tr	PAST	His green eyes bore into mine with stern appeal .
tr	PAST	Elena jabbed the candle 's flame against his neck .
tr	PAST	" We faked my death , a necessary device due to my small amount of fame , or in some views , my notoriety .
tr	PAST	The weight of his sword tugged at it .
tr	PRES	" Exactly what we expected , Tony .
tr	PAST	" Excellent work , " Mrs. White cheered .
tr	PAST	I flung open the front door and screamed his name just as he was opening the door to his truck .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Loftin motioned with her gun .
tr	PAST	" The horses are ready , my lord , " a servant announced from the door .
tr	PRES	" Playing with us , Donald .
tr	PRES	He winks , " Too much talk , too little action !
tr	PRES	" Just divine ! "
tr	PAST	Clicking their glasses together they then commenced drinking the very fine wine donated for their wedding day .
tr	PRES	The eyes snap open , flaring crimson as the staff .
tr	PRES	He glances up the street toward the store before he stuffs his keys in his coat pocket and enters the restaurant .
tr	PRES	The nurse said something to her , and Kelsey nodded limply , her face expressionless .
tr	PRES	A council member taps the microphone .
tr	PRES	He holds up a lighter .
tr	PAST	The wall shattered upon impact , sending brick and stone flying across the room .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , rising to meet us .
tr	PAST	I tensed a bit .
tr	PRES	James glances sideways , catching me looking at his arm .
tr	PRES	" Please , Rafe , " she begged .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Garrett strokes his hair , then brushes his tears away .
tr	PAST	" You miss the sex , " she countered because she simply would not let herself believe anything else .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Paul , and I 'm not good at telling lies .
tr	PRES	Teenage boy , on the tall side , dreamy blue eyes .
tr	PAST	I flicked a glance in Alex 's direction .
tr	PRES	" Hi Joyce . "
tr	PRES	He tries to steal it away again , but this time the little girl is faster .
tr	PAST	- tempting him to test their weight with his hands , explore the swell brought on from carrying his child .
tr	PAST	Chapter 24 " Fix the world back to what it was ? "
tr	PRES	She reached out , her right hand tremulous as she picked it up , then slid it slowly onto the third finger of her left hand .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , you cow !
tr	PAST	The car bounced over the rough path -- bottoming out many times before I reached the highway .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps as I wait to see who steps in the door .
tr	PRES	Ruben finally snaps out of it .
tr	PRES	Round arches again everywhere .
tr	PAST	Jonas absorbed the blow and barely avoided the knee to the groin that followed .
tr	PAST	' Bring that drunkard here , ' I instructed the huge Master of the Guard .
tr	PRES	That 's kind of sad , " I retort .
tr	PRES	No tears or lonely days , no secrets and no lies .
tr	PRES	" It isn 't natural , the way you live , Savannah .
tr	PRES	" And me , Mac Mackenzie . "
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	Damien 's smile matches mine .
tr	PRES	She digs her nails into the gray flesh there , pulling it away .
tr	PRES	The woman glances at the corpse .
tr	PAST	" They probably think we 're lovers , checking in for a night of passion , " I joked , trying to keep the mood light .
tr	PAST	When the message was the same the second time around , I crumpled the note in my palm and roared .
tr	PAST	The Toad lazily eyed the horizon .
tr	PRES	No food , no water , pitch black .
tr	PAST	I cringed , not sure how to answer that .
tr	PAST	You trusted in her to look after a fragile heart that had never beat with acceptance before .
tr	PRES	Then he discreetly glances around the campus , his attention lingering on the line before he returns his attention to me .
tr	PRES	I exhale the fear and freight , viewing the ceiling .
tr	PRES	Merciful kills these , swift .
tr	PAST	My voice lightened into a tone that should have felt unnatural , but somehow it didn 't .
tr	PAST	Jenny shuffled her feet .
tr	PRES	" Meaning you , Senator . "
tr	PRES	" And not everyone belongs to this island .
tr	PRES	A twig snaps behind me .
tr	PAST	Diana wriggled experimentally and discovered her legs were trapped beneath his .
tr	PRES	Lacey slams her hairbrush into her bag .
tr	PAST	They made no sound , uttered no war cries , and their eyes were empty .
tr	PRES	" I think I 'd better put a bit more on , " Marshall teased back .
tr	PAST	Julia hooked her arm around Amelia 's and led her to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" I prayed for help yesterday .
tr	PAST	The window shattered , flying inwards , spreading broken glass over their hunched bodies .
tr	PRES	" You stealing Dog ! "
tr	PAST	" It would have been warmer if you were naked , " I joked , and she poked me in the chest .
tr	PRES	" You could tell him what you think of his tactics , " Jase points out .
tr	PRES	A video camera lays tipped over on the grass , the red LED power button now flashing .
tr	PAST	Rising , she rinsed her glass in the sink and put it in the dishwasher .
tr	PRES	Murdering our own tenants - leaving them to die whilst you fill your bellies and drink your fine wines ?
tr	PRES	" Yes - packages . "
tr	PAST	She squinted her eyes against the tearing wind .
tr	PRES	A senior at Port Q. " " Hello . "
tr	PAST	Gordian advanced a small step .
tr	PAST	" I never lied to you . "
tr	PRES	Reading that letter from my mom changes everything .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you joining us ? "
tr	PAST	I slapped them around his ankles and wrists .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " mumbled Zoey , " I 'm getting up . "
tr	PAST	The elevator jolted to a stop , and she opened her eyes in relief .
tr	PAST	He transformed from Echo into the shape of Josie 's best friend since kindergarten , Jimmy .
tr	PRES	He holds his hand out .
tr	PAST	" Ever since we joined this crappy expedition we have risked being killed at least twice a week and often twice a day !
tr	PAST	He dove into the hall .
tr	PAST	She preferred not being an expert on this subject .
tr	PRES	" Excellent , so much for Earth 's reinforcements , " Zachary announces with a grin .
tr	PRES	Todd asked , his hand resting on the register .
tr	PRES	Something flashes in her eyes , and the only promise I make is in my grin .
tr	PRES	In the kitchen , Willem tries to collect himself as he makes drinks .
tr	PAST	Airbags exploded out of the dashboard with the impact , throwing off an airy whine and a puff of electronic smoke as they deployed .
tr	PAST	Bloody handprints painted the floor and continued up toward the backroom .
tr	PRES	The look changes from confusion to " What have you been up to , Nessa Joanne Mulholland ? "
tr	PAST	The rapid rise and fall of her shoulders slowed .
tr	PRES	He speeds up his pace .
tr	PRES	Eden mutters under his breath .
tr	PRES	His words rang through the room as she stood still next to him , her breathing suddenly ragged and uneven .
tr	PRES	A drop falls down my forehead , past my nose and into my mouth , salty .
tr	PAST	I faked a yawn .
tr	PRES	She shone like a million suns .
tr	PRES	Dropping into his former seat behind me , Phillip reaches out a hand and strokes the fading bruise along my cheekbone .
tr	PRES	If I don 't , the same thing applies .
tr	PRES	" They belong to a woman who 's been missing for several weeks now and is now believed to be deceased . "
tr	PAST	Rags fetched it and ran back to Michael .
tr	PAST	She eyed the creature warily .
tr	PAST	He flicked her clitoris with his stiffened tongue and she lifted to his mouth , seeking more .
tr	PRES	Kayla immediately opens the door .
tr	PAST	I unbuttoned the next button , then the next .
tr	PRES	A moment of complete understanding passes between us .
tr	PAST	the woman behind Lara exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Robbie eyed the two from where he was standing in front of the fire .
tr	PAST	My mind jolted me back to standing awkwardly at the table at lunch , nerves eating me alive .
tr	PAST	A stuffed giraffe that smoked and charred and took a long time to catch flame .
tr	PRES	His cell phone began to sing , a raucous fiddle tune that belonged to only one person in his contacts .
tr	PRES	" Commander Pierce ? "
tr	PAST	I stripped down and stepped under the delicious spray .
tr	PRES	I scramble into my new togs , realizing they 've effectively isolated me from my old life in a surprisingly short time .
tr	PRES	" Mama , " she mumbled in a sleepy voice pointing to Tawny .
tr	PRES	Every disgusting shape and shade imaginable .
tr	PRES	' Thought you would , ' she teased .
tr	PRES	She hating Riley for making her feel so loathsome , as though she 'd done something very wrong .
tr	PRES	With affection , Doc Tucker ' . "
tr	PRES	The coven considers them bite bores .
tr	PRES	He also likes the way you choreograph your sweater to rise at the precise moment you lift your skirt .
tr	PRES	He stops to burn some bodies in a courtyard behind the Morgue .
tr	PRES	He wears a coat that 's dark brown with darker stains .
tr	PRES	Courtney opens the door and anger races like venom in my veins .
tr	PAST	Addy 's mind urged her to say no , to insist that she hadn 't been there that late .
tr	PRES	Shimmering green oil puddles wove into a narrow shape beside Dad .
tr	PAST	Before it disappeared completely , Cole tugged on my arm .
tr	PAST	They exploded like a startled flock of pigeons but in the sealed train carriage there was nowhere to go .
tr	PAST	Heat lamps glowed in the corners of the patio , casting a blanket of warmth that took the edge off the evening chill .
tr	PAST	I grieved more than you can know when I learned of His death , for I served Him without question .
tr	PAST	Diego clutched the wheel as Xavier took a hairpin turn in the dark .
tr	PAST	His jaw tensed beneath her hand .
tr	PAST	She steadied him , held him up , and tried to convince him to go back .
tr	PRES	Eric pushes off the fence .
tr	PAST	His eyes even twinkled , and I couldn 't help but notice the soft , silvery aura that surrounded him .
tr	PAST	" I was beyond caring at that point , " she lied .
tr	PRES	But the second passes in a flash .
tr	PRES	Gratton stops the truck and rolls down his window .
tr	PRES	Now she owes me .
tr	PRES	Noble society carries on with or without you , and you disregard it at your own future peril .
tr	PAST	Then again the kindly influence ceased to act -- I found myself fettered again to grief and indulging in all the misery of reflection .
tr	PRES	First , that she was pregnant , unmarried and destined to become the most scandalous member of her notorious family .
tr	PRES	" Another dragon ! "
tr	PAST	I squinted at her .
tr	PRES	It allows the passengers to cross from one car to the next easily .
tr	PAST	Right then , Kylie 's phone beeped with another incoming text .
tr	PRES	Jolene reaches down for the letter in her lap .
tr	PRES	My body pulses with the thought of tasting his c * ck in my mouth .
tr	PAST	Steve slowed , engaged four-wheel-drive and let out the clutch .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in front of her , squeezing them tight , feeling the blood flow nearly stop .
tr	PRES	" They belong to whoever is temporarily staying in that house .
tr	PAST	The words mortified her ... She wanted nothing more than to shred the idea of her being that .
tr	PRES	Ye shame hearth and hame !
tr	PAST	" Yes , I think so , " Jericho announced , through bites of ice cream .
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore into his .
tr	PAST	" That 's the one he 's using , " he stated as his screen flashed indicating the target was next to him .
tr	PAST	He underestimated Xavier 's power .
tr	PAST	Sand invaded everything here .
tr	PRES	" Just a Coke . "
tr	PAST	He grunted and might have whimpered .
tr	PRES	Day needs your help , it whispers .
tr	PRES	She concludes , following with an equally powerful backhand .
tr	PRES	' Milk or orange juice ? '
tr	PRES	She hears the scrunch of boots on gravel , the creak of a door opening , a dull thud as it closes .
tr	PRES	Lance floats above the table , its huge jaw agape , its eyes fiercely red and its claws extended .
tr	PAST	He stopped the abuse by kissing her deeply , his teeth grazing against her lip slightly .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and turned to Cory , forcing a smile .
tr	PRES	Finally giving up , I creep over to the car , my heart pounding in my ears .
tr	PAST	He emerged into the sunlight .
tr	PRES	Sliding in , Jonathan again slides too close .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted , shifting uneasily on my feet .
tr	PRES	She rises in her seat when she says it as though it were an epiphany .
tr	PRES	Dagger quickly brings his jump portal emitters online and makes the calculation in his head .
tr	PAST	The dark haired vampire inclined his head and disappeared into the black sedan , driving off into the early evening Bali night .
tr	PRES	" Did you tel Henry that ? "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth into a smile .
tr	PAST	Steven thought he felt threatened by Rodrigo , as he had by any child we sought .
tr	PRES	" The circus ? "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you , little fella ? "
tr	PAST	They motioned us down the hallway , yelling for us to help the others escape .
tr	PRES	I stir the ranch with a fry .
tr	PAST	" You were right , " he announced grimly .
tr	PAST	He risked turning over , a process that extracted a considerable amount of groan .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Tabby . "
tr	PAST	What I mean is - " " I know what the word means , Barak . "
tr	PAST	I visited cities known for their artist populations .
tr	PRES	Rob just frowns , yet I produce a soft laugh .
tr	PRES	My heart eases , and breath returns to me .
tr	PAST	A flood of kindness and love engulfed her body , and she knew Nellie would love Mattie as much as she did .
tr	PAST	They produced such strikingly different effects , yet each electrode was very close to the next .
tr	PRES	" He likes to tease all the pretty girls who come in . "
tr	PAST	He rumbled on , " We 're remembering something that happened fifteen years ago , and somebody will say , ' Ask Leah . '
tr	PAST	If something benefited him , he supported it , not caring if it was ethical or not .
tr	PAST	Her fingers glided across the screen .
tr	PRES	Either way amounts to the same thing .
tr	PAST	Beside the Hope and Crosby Road pictures , the studio produced Sunset Boulevard , Going My Way , and Calcutta .
tr	PRES	The concern in his eyes eases and a playful grin takes over his features .
tr	PAST	Those are the most hideous glasses I 've ever seen , " Charlotte exclaimed .
tr	PRES	I tune out his thoughts for a moment to relish my debating skills .
tr	PRES	Uncle opens the door , allowing Aunt to lean across him so that she might make excuses for them both .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand , and I took it .
tr	PRES	If anyone is seen talking with the prisoner , no dinner to the talker and 40 lashes for the prisoner .
tr	PRES	Those swim shorts probably were as expensive as they looked .
tr	PRES	' And the chauffeur ? '
tr	PAST	He steadied himself , but the sight of Armand made him want to cry .
tr	PRES	The first fact remains that all gratification actually begins with an instant and intense joy .
tr	PAST	She stifled the thought , terrified she had actually blurted that aloud .
tr	PRES	As he reads it , he frowns .
tr	PAST	A cluster of buildings across the street from the docks served as the center of town .
tr	PAST	Colonel Adani cocked his head sideways .
tr	PRES	Seth giggles at me and angles back his head , knocking the shot back .
tr	PAST	After exchanging meaningful smiles , Frances and Michael meandered through every ground floor room , discussing almost every feature of the vacant rooms as they went .
tr	PAST	The room plunged into darkness .
tr	PRES	This , somehow , lets you hear .
tr	PRES	" American Horse Show Association .
tr	PRES	Now kindly fetch him for us , before I lose my patience . '
tr	PAST	In the faint moonlight , she jabbed at the radio buttons .
tr	PAST	Shannon 's cheeks brightened , too , and he turned away from his ... boyfriend ?
tr	PRES	' This tastes horrible . '
tr	PAST	She muffled her laughter when she saw the man panicking over the old woman , and then she continued to follow Mrs. Chandler .
tr	PAST	I ranged far and wide , buffeted by wind , sometimes sailing , sometimes flapping hard .
tr	PRES	He whispers under his breath .
tr	PRES	The red flames shone brightly in her falling tears .
tr	PRES	The sparring matches were just for practice , some friendly competition , so indoors was definitely the best option .
tr	PAST	A knight named Frederick the Red .
tr	PAST	With smal swords in hand , the twins charged past them , shooting around the gate .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't know you could sing , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" Celeste Richards loves the smell of her own farts . "
tr	PAST	Glass lampposts sprouted up between the hedges bordering the path .
tr	PAST	Chapter 15 Kaitlyn dreamed of Zack that night .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to miss you , " she whispers softly .
tr	PAST	A minute later , Mr. Gordon buzzed them in .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the sunglasses .
tr	PAST	" Benito Mussolini stated it best , ' Democracy is beautiful in theory ; in practice , it is a fallacy . '
tr	PRES	" Hang on , Sonia .
tr	PRES	Coming to the outside door , Daniel opens it , taking in a breath of fresh air .
tr	PRES	The sign at the end flashes .
tr	PAST	I was surprised by the amount of inquires I received .
tr	PAST	He donned his hat , tipped it to her , and strode out of the kitchen .
tr	PRES	My tablet vibrates and a new schedule reminder pops up on the screen .
tr	PAST	Phillip 's grimace deepened because every word I said was true .
tr	PRES	I reserve now only my sword ! '
tr	PRES	Mostly part-time staffers trudging along at a harried pace .
tr	PAST	He pierced the water with an incredible splash .
tr	PAST	" I prayed that Tio Ramon had lied to me , but I feared that ... Never mind .
tr	PRES	Nothing more than a pile of rocks against the rover , but it reached the roof .
tr	PRES	I mutter quietly , and only when I hear my own voice , I realise I spoke aloud .
tr	PAST	" They wrecked Jesse 's car !
tr	PAST	Her hand froze in midair when she realized what she 'd done .
tr	PAST	She smacked Cassidy 's arm .
tr	PAST	The lights swirled and bounced around me and the sound of its advancement was a thundering grind now .
tr	PAST	She squealed and I laughed as Noah picked her up and swung her around .
tr	PRES	Thousands of eyes snap up in my direction .
tr	PAST	He claimed it was because his mother moved here , but I think she moved here to be closer to him .
tr	PAST	" You must be part wolf , " he joked .
tr	PRES	" Push the pedals , Sir Horace .
tr	PRES	Emma lets out one final whisper of a whimper as he slides out of her and rolls to her side on the bed .
tr	PAST	He crawled a little more .
tr	PRES	" You brat ! "
tr	PRES	" Why did he confess ? "
tr	PAST	He feared it and refused to become part of it .
tr	PAST	Sav 's eyebrows winged up toward his hairline as he stared the petite woman down .
tr	PAST	She doubted she could ever go through with that threat , but it felt great to have a little power .
tr	PRES	" Flynn , you said the Mask of Death gives its wearer the power of his god , correct ? "
tr	PRES	See , I teach a course on pop culture , and we discuss the differences between reality and fiction in the field of archaeology . "
tr	PRES	Hunter never loses his temper .
tr	PAST	His chest rumbled with a low laugh and he hugged me tight and laid me back on the bed , following down .
tr	PAST	In the soft moonlight , the clean white of the fur and feathers nearly glowed .
tr	PRES	" Nobody likes spending a month in traction . "
tr	PRES	" He ruined my life .
tr	PAST	It cost $ 41,000 a year to house an inmate .
tr	PRES	" Holy gods ... " I jerked back , bouncing off of Aiden 's chest .
tr	PRES	" The Bolo Kid ! "
tr	PAST	She stormed off down the street .
tr	PRES	" I belong to you . "
tr	PRES	" More than the one on Timber Road ? "
tr	PRES	When Ash realized that they were calling for me to go up , he held out the guitar towards me , " By all means , Scarlett .
tr	PRES	My eye muscles twitch .
tr	PAST	And something crouched on the brink .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , sir , I didn 't realize asking a question is disobeying the order , " I snap .
tr	PAST	Emma 's ears perked up at the sound of her name .
tr	PAST	Instead of arguing further , she leaped into it .
tr	PAST	Charlotte fiddled with a rope bracelet around her wrist .
tr	PAST	He advised me it was , so I packed up my briefcase to go home .
tr	PAST	I sought out her spirit , refusing to let go of my prayer .
tr	PAST	The kid must have thought he 'd just tripped on something , for he inched across the ground toward the orb , hand outstretched .
tr	PRES	The Aggro releases me as I collapse to the floor .
tr	PRES	Day clears his throat , unsure of himself .
tr	PAST	" I lied to you . "
tr	PAST	But she dreaded this one , staying in the shower until the last possible moment .
tr	PAST	In recent times he preferred the elegant , the sophisticated .
tr	PRES	He hates surface talk .
tr	PRES	" No , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	The rain retreated ; the smell assaulted .
tr	PRES	Jackson stands and offers me his hand .
tr	PRES	A row of feathery footwear blocks Gale 's view .
tr	PAST	The tiny , raspy little woman extended her hand .
tr	PAST	I grunted and kept walking .
tr	PAST	He smashed his lips together and sat silently for a few seconds , before glancing over his shoulder nervously .
tr	PRES	It always talks with the same voice , like blades over slate , and death and horror look out of its eyes .
tr	PRES	Mr Sullivan likes to surround himself with pretty things , thought Love .
tr	PRES	Mother snorts in disagreement .
tr	PRES	He tries not to let you catch him at it .
tr	PAST	In other words ... I scored one-tenth of a point higher than the Jade Dragon Clan student !
tr	PAST	I dared to slide Tom another glance .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over me like a cold shower in this summer weather .
tr	PRES	The silence stretches , and I watch small sparks of energy scurrying along the tree limbs .
tr	PRES	With reluctance , Rachel slides back into the driver 's seat of her car , and Echo slips into the other side .
tr	PAST	" Hold still , " she announced , wielding a bottle near his head .
tr	PAST	A dry , croaking sound emerged from Joanna 's lips .
tr	PRES	And then he blackmailed Dan , forced a vow of silence that even now Dan could not break .
tr	PAST	" It still floats , " Zane countered , a smirk obvious in his voice .
tr	PAST	I dove in through the narrow gap and pressed the close button , which caused the door to close just as my feet cleared .
tr	PAST	Laurel Canyon insects droned mantras in the dusk .
tr	PRES	Disbelief shone clear in the blue depths of his eyes .
tr	PRES	" You know , Hal ?
tr	PAST	That he did not simply attack proved just how much Ashlyn had changed him .
tr	PAST	So I spiked her water bottle with my mom 's Valium .
tr	PRES	" I await your answer , Khans . "
tr	PAST	The truce the undead and mortals shared here at the Silver Chalice was tenuous ; once strained or stretched , it quickly disintegrated into a melee .
tr	PRES	The huge man chuckles loudly with his deep baritone voice .
tr	PAST	I hauled her in , hand over hand , until she could drop safely to her knees again .
tr	PRES	" All of them , Sergio .
tr	PRES	She stares at me for a moment , her grayish eyes pensive .
tr	PRES	" What about Sister Nic ? "
tr	PRES	He remembers how he and Elijah would have contests to see whose tongue could stay blue the longest .
tr	PRES	And so I oblige her .
tr	PAST	The legs of the chair clutched the woman round the waist and over her shoulders .
tr	PRES	He recognizes it from the train , remembers the hatred in her voice .
tr	PRES	" And not a single one of them wears clothes . "
tr	PRES	Three bolts of lightning slice through the tumultuous sky , striking the side of the ship in rapid succession .
tr	PAST	The car sped along down Gloucester Avenue .
tr	PAST	she inquired , leaning back to give him a wide-eyed innocent look .
tr	PRES	And hopefully Jackie . "
tr	PAST	His tongue swirled over her nipple , teasing the soft space under her breast until she screamed .
tr	PAST	Uncomfortable with what the answer to that might have been , he dismissed the mental question .
tr	PAST	Everyone taking part in this amazing gathering in the air experienced an overwhelming sensation of health and fitness .
tr	PRES	Today , Bob Dylan remains a force in my life , though now , he 's also a pal .
tr	PAST	You tipped off the police and can 't figure out why there wasn 't blood aboard .
tr	PRES	Then , just as he had done after her claiming , he coated her thighs with their combined wetness .
tr	PRES	" Since when has it mattered what I wanted ? "
tr	PRES	The lunchroom monitors keep an eye on me as if any second I 'll start playing baseball with the mozzarella sticks .
tr	PRES	Nora beamed . " '
tr	PAST	He felt the blade enter his flesh again and he screamed , the sound somewhat muffled behind his gag .
tr	PAST	Nolan exploded , leaping away from her as though he 'd received an electrical shock .
tr	PAST	She squinted at the glowing display on her alarm clock .
tr	PRES	" Wicked thing , " he mumbled , but his voice was shaking and he couldn 't stop his hand from trembling .
tr	PRES	The same fingertips that seemed so capable of murder .
tr	PRES	I lean back on my hands , because those bulbs just need to go away for a while .
tr	PRES	The shower squeaks off abruptly .
tr	PRES	My cribbage team only plays every two weeks , and I wouldn 't mind a few practice games in between . "
tr	PRES	" A richer one ? "
tr	PRES	Lucy tries to calm him ; she tries to take him from Kim who can barely walk for his twisting in her arms .
tr	PRES	I lean back and exhale .
tr	PRES	She arches her eyebrow at me , daring me to tell her otherwise .
tr	PAST	exploded a running Nora .
tr	PRES	" Teach them to attack capital ships and facilities .
tr	PRES	Please be careful , he mouths .
tr	PRES	Gemma sighs and unravels the dress she has in her arms .
tr	PRES	Lindsey 's laughter fades .
tr	PAST	you macaws me missed I know much ) " it lied .
tr	PRES	" It tends to .
tr	PAST	The journey proved to be uneventful except for Parrish hearing the plan first hand .
tr	PRES	" No sign of ' em ! "
tr	PRES	Travis sings from the bench .
tr	PAST	Typically , he had a cigarette dangling from his mouth , and he inhaled , then exhaled in short jerky puffs , a sign of agitation .
tr	PRES	They exist because of the pride of fall en angels .
tr	PAST	Dog sat up , his ears cocked before glancing at Luke .
tr	PRES	Tiny raindrops flutter on my face and the windowsill , cooling my skin .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not mad , " I snap .
tr	PRES	An anthill towers from the soil flinging dirt from its center .
tr	PAST	A grinding sound kicked up above them , the same one that always accompanied their descents , and the ship tipped forward a bit .
tr	PAST	For a moment , Matthew feared he had said more than he should have .
tr	PAST	Sylvia exclaimed , all sugar and spice .
tr	PRES	At great expense , the Navy brings a mysterious alien sphere to the surface .
tr	PRES	Trust me , it always winds up using you . "
tr	PRES	Kaitlyn bolted upright , her heart racing even as she told herself to calm down .
tr	PRES	His jaw opens like he 's going to say something , but the DING cuts him off and the doors open .
tr	PAST	The idea of a being of light rocketing through the galaxy and destroying planets at will , appealed greatly to his predatory nature .
tr	PRES	His lips crash into mine with fervor , and he pulls me into him .
tr	PRES	" But not by the likes of you . "
tr	PAST	" Pray to Jesus , Mary can 't help you , " he chided .
tr	PRES	Some beautiful clothes that I would never wear , a few ' nice things ' , very few and those prints still in their ugly frames .
tr	PAST	He squealed the brakes and turned his car around right in the middle of the street .
tr	PAST	He motioned me to follow him so I had to call after him before the door swung shut , " I 'll just wait out here . "
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice husky with sleep .
tr	PAST	' I 'm fine mum , ' he grunted as she entered the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Still he plunged downward .
tr	PRES	By the look in Alec 's eyes and the silent treatment he 's giving me , I assume it was catastrophic .
tr	PRES	" Tell me what , Mama ?
tr	PAST	When Justin took his last breath , Joshua panicked and started crying .
tr	PAST	He inhaled a second time , drinking in her fragrance .
tr	PAST	I puzzled for long moments over the box and the photos , about the parts of my mother that were a mystery .
tr	PAST	I slowed to a stop in the gravel behind it , hoping my help wouldn 't be necessary .
tr	PRES	The boy with the gun dives into the nearest aisle , leaving George , Amar , and me alone .
tr	PAST	Blake 's skin crawled with Jeff 's words .
tr	PAST	Jarrett motioned for Clay to follow , and they took seats at the table with a half dozen others .
tr	PAST	The beast didn 't even have time to get his crooked maw out of the fish trap we baited him with .
tr	PAST	" Then a few months ago , your daughter claimed to have figured out what the word was in the image she had been given .
tr	PAST	I floated in the soft , warm core of him and let its red waves gently rock me .
tr	PAST	She mentally braced herself for the dreaded duty of litter box cleanup .
tr	PAST	When I reached him , I circled him seven times to symbolize how our souls would be intertwined , and then , Rabbi Dave began the ceremony .
tr	PAST	He preferred to settle payment on his own terms .
tr	PAST	You probably ruined it when you dumped all that black poison on it . "
tr	PRES	Wars , deceptions , atrocities .
tr	PAST	He tipped the cup back and swallowed hard as the drink burned its way down his throat to his stomach .
tr	PAST	Hyde smacked his brother on the head .
tr	PRES	" Can I untie him first ? "
tr	PRES	" I told you I could grill , " he murmurs , smiling as he serves me a cheeseburger .
tr	PRES	" What about privacy ? "
tr	PRES	' Sebastian Scott , ' a voice giggles from behind us , causing my back to go rigid .
tr	PRES	We have a lot to do today , " Derrick states .
tr	PAST	Returning inside , I rummaged through my ditty bag retrieved from my airplane before departing Gulfport .
tr	PRES	His cheek rises on the side , forcing his newfound dimple to wink at me .
tr	PRES	He loves animals , also .
tr	PRES	" Or freeze to death . "
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair as we both stare up at the sky , silently regarding the stars .
tr	PAST	Savannah eyed the book and said , " I want to know what 's in the book . "
tr	PRES	I blurt the first thing and somehow I know I 've never been good at guessing games .
tr	PAST	The president squinted a bit .
tr	PAST	He zeroed in on me .
tr	PRES	" Our bodies warn us of the approaching light .
tr	PAST	Brother Michael shrank down in his chair .
tr	PAST	Painter eyed the professor 's colleague , not sure how freely he could speak in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Merit , " Catcher whispered , a warning .
tr	PRES	As the backhoe went out of sight he unloaded the weapon on the two remaining Weeds .
tr	PRES	He rises , takes her hands in his , affectionately pulls her up and tenderly drags her towards the river .
tr	PRES	" It only brings more death . "
tr	PRES	Warner glances at Adam only to tilt his head in my direction , his eyes dancing in the light , clearly entertained .
tr	PAST	A passageway extended from it .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , because Milena worked there .
tr	PRES	" Anything remains a possibility .
tr	PRES	" They connect us with the elements , but some are friendly and some are not . "
tr	PRES	Never Lies sighs theatrically and shakes her head .
tr	PRES	" Fire me , " he mumbled with a smile .
tr	PAST	Focusing on the youngest of the bunch , he willed the man to remove the thick chain that held him immobile .
tr	PAST	Enrico cocked an eyebrow and looked at his friend suspiciously .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a breath of resolve .
tr	PAST	Wrapping a hand around her waist he tugged her closer .
tr	PAST	Panic native to her own heart clutched at her .
tr	PRES	" The heck ? "
tr	PRES	His hand slides over the bare skin of my arm , his breath in my hair .
tr	PAST	They estimated they fired about twenty rounds before he was finally brought down .
tr	PAST	Ye should go back to sleep , " the cook urged .
tr	PRES	" No tetanus shots ?
tr	PAST	He urged my head down , and traced his fingers up and down my spine .
tr	PRES	" Just more Thayer crap .
tr	PAST	One woman clutched to an ancient quilt , crying as her husband tried to make her leave it behind .
tr	PAST	It soaked them as thoroughly as any storm , though .
tr	PRES	' Lady Victoria , you underestimate us .
tr	PAST	Lisa charged for the door to the spa again .
tr	PAST	He advanced warily , in a crouch , ready to spring .
tr	PRES	The colors bubble back .
tr	PAST	With a familiarity that broke Dee 's heart all over again , Evan clutched a lock of her hair and nuzzled it to his face .
tr	PAST	The floodgates caved in .
tr	PRES	How about French toast with butter and maple syrup ? "
tr	PAST	He replaced the toothbrush into the cleaner and gently laid the pendant onto his special lint free cleaning cloth .
tr	PAST	Gordon stomped out through the curtains .
tr	PAST	And finally , the tiger , carved on the prowl , its stripes gold .
tr	PAST	She kind of skipped worry and went straight to panic . "
tr	PRES	" He won 't hurt you , " Gabe whispers .
tr	PRES	She snaps to attention like she 's working for him .
tr	PAST	Farther down the mountain , near the village , he identified sheep , goats , cows , and horses .
tr	PRES	She folds it into a square and carefully blots the tears under her eyes .
tr	PRES	The horse leaps then slams into the dying stallion , not making the opening along with three other horses .
tr	PAST	It swirled around her in a hazy blur .
tr	PRES	He glances away from me and nods to Chris before his eyes return to mine .
tr	PRES	She chokes on a laugh and then lowers her head toward my chest .
tr	PRES	When a meteor hits the moon then boom , " chuckles .
tr	PAST	When I moved back , it reappeared .
tr	PRES	Once a month , the compound throws us a pizza party in here .
tr	PAST	the girl hollered , shooting up .
tr	PRES	" Okay , that all helps me understand how you perceive your space .
tr	PRES	Gemma attempts to decipher whose intentions are genuine , but does she have enough time to figure out who has her best interest at heart ?
tr	PAST	More than anything else I 'd seen , that unsettled me .
tr	PAST	' Parties aren 't my thing , ' I countered in annoyance .
tr	PAST	" A truce , " Marcie stated pointedly .
tr	PRES	She digs at me but I don 't take her bait .
tr	PAST	As soon as she walked out of the room , Daemon dismissed the footman who had served them at dinner .
tr	PAST	" She accidentally awakened us again when her ship crashed here . "
tr	PRES	Just blurt it out .
tr	PAST	David stumped over to the kettle .
tr	PRES	I always pays me debts .
tr	PRES	She collects them , like dolls .
tr	PAST	" He saved my life , " Selena countered , refusing to be intimidated by someone who went flying around on ... .
tr	PAST	Being a nurse , Carrie volunteered to watch for blood when each person lifted a foot .
tr	PAST	The deck of cards emerged and we started the now familiar routine .
tr	PAST	Then he froze at the sight of her .
tr	PAST	I opted for going off on him .
tr	PAST	She dialed Agent Fuji .
tr	PRES	" Heels down , toes in .
tr	PAST	He tousled my dark hair , the way he 'd always done when I was small .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Avalon , " she tilted her head up to me , her chin resting on my bare chest .
tr	PAST	She feared to touch the tiny dried clay fragments that looked as fragile as dried dough .
tr	PAST	Stella tugged on Jamie 's arm .
tr	PAST	Her pom-pom rustled , but otherwise the cheerleader remained still .
tr	PRES	I 'll tell them soon , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	You belong with me .
tr	PAST	Anger now replaced guilt .
tr	PAST	" Been worse , " she lied .
tr	PAST	Its talons scored the wolf 's flank , drawing blood as black as the hide before the hawk soared up again .
tr	PAST	The delicate sound matched her soothing voice , perfect for her counseling career with their clients .
tr	PAST	I inquired rolling my eyes in a manner that Aaron knows that I know grates on his nerves .
tr	PAST	The proud young man eyed the door , looked back at them , eyed the door again , and swallowed .
tr	PAST	Emma clutched her hands dramatically .
tr	PRES	I handcuffed his left wrist to the metal post that connected the headrest to the passenger 's seat .
tr	PAST	Legion petted his temples , and the screaming faded to a mere whisper .
tr	PRES	" Go away , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	The wolves crouched together in instinctive synchrony , their hind legs tensing to leap .
tr	PAST	His way of assuring me that I was his main interest , provided I remained number one .
tr	PRES	My terror originated in the fact that my tattoos were completely exposed and I would be so dead if Nix found them .
tr	PAST	His jaded heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He mumbled , and I smiled down at him .
tr	PRES	He opens the door , leaving me no time to reply .
tr	PAST	He crawled forward , black still winking through his line of sight .
tr	PRES	He suspects we might be valuable .
tr	PAST	Kaia shrieked as Quin yanked John backwards from the Door .
tr	PAST	His white teeth matched his beaming countenance , and for a second , he looked familiar to Harry .
tr	PRES	As for the Army of Four : I await it .
tr	PAST	Van slapped him playfully on the arm .
tr	PRES	I dreaded this moment .
tr	PRES	He stares up at the lights overhead : long fluorescents , far too bright .
tr	PRES	Drake 's mouth covering her nipple had Mairi gasping , and she clutched his shoulders harder , her nails digging into his skin .
tr	PAST	Someone up ahead beeped their horn in frustration and several others joined in , creating a cacophony of noise .
tr	PAST	While he had the phone in his hand Boniface scrolled down the recent calls list .
tr	PAST	After several minutes , it banked and flew southeast toward the rest of the Olympians .
tr	PRES	He ran his palms along my thighs , then back to my knees , his thumbs grazing the insides .
tr	PAST	Esther screeched , never failing to feel livid whenever the topic of her deceased husband was introduced .
tr	PRES	Jim hears an electronic click as the call ends .
tr	PRES	He glances at me as I press my hand to my aching chest , realizing what I 've done .
tr	PAST	I busted into my dad 's liquor cabinet , busted into my mom 's medicine cabinet , and started chasing sleeping pills with whiskey shots . "
tr	PAST	" You stole from me . "
tr	PAST	It created a muffled beat that filled the silence of the car .
tr	PRES	He chuckles under his breath then lies down on the bed beside me on his back .
tr	PAST	Cheyenne 's eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	You 're the best blanket I 've ever had , " I teased , trying to ease the nervous stiffness in her body .
tr	PAST	He swirled his glass of wine , enjoying the aroma and flavor as he took a long sip .
tr	PAST	He motioned Sean to a chair , then sat down at his desk , the gloom of early evening filtering softly through the window behind him .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think we 'll need that , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	Caleb , standing beside him , stares in disbelief , first at the cheese and then at me .
tr	PAST	Her breathing slowed , and her core pulsed as she thought about someone gripping her in all the right ways .
tr	PAST	It opened him up to responses he preferred not to deal with .
tr	PAST	Marcus 's lips , known widely for their ability to charm women breathless , curved in blatant anticipation .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I wish I could say the same about my eulogy , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Gail Anderson Bradley to David Bradley .
tr	PRES	Christina holds me upright and doesn 't say a word for a long time .
tr	PRES	Landon points to the door .
tr	PRES	Asks Rosie , placing her hand on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	Luca opens his door .
tr	PAST	She padded into the kitchen and forced herself to make a pot of coffee .
tr	PAST	Eventually I sensed , rather than heard , him move toward me .
tr	PRES	Like the space between written words , or the nothing in music -- the silence , the momentary pause that allows creative genius to shine .
tr	PRES	" Aye , aye , captain .
tr	PAST	The re-formed coin suddenly glowed brightly , highlighting the joined Mayan glyphs in the center .
tr	PRES	" Your tattoos . "
tr	PRES	The glow from the cobblestones helps wash out much of what little light there is outside the castle . "
tr	PAST	He rumbled , a low sound of amusement from deep in his broad chest .
tr	PAST	Can 't , " Drake nuzzled my other temple .
tr	PAST	She advanced on me once again , taking slow steps .
tr	PAST	Owen and I also announced to them that we were engaged which went over well with everyone but Falcon and Maddox .
tr	PRES	Ethan holds my hand the entire time , while staring down at his free hand .
tr	PAST	Theo accompanied the guitar intro with intricate cymbal work and then used his full might on the snare drum when the rest of the band kicked in .
tr	PRES	" Your Amanda ? "
tr	PRES	It paces the floor back and forth a few dozen times and then as quickly as it appeared , disappears up the stairwell .
tr	PRES	Fiona sighs , snatching the keys .
tr	PAST	Selena crouched beside him .
tr	PAST	" He needs to be fed , " Carol announced as though she were an authority on the subject of newborns .
tr	PRES	" Kev , you idiot !
tr	PAST	He persisted , however , sorting through the bundles until he pulled out the bag the man had just discarded .
tr	PAST	Katie exclaimed pointing to the mountain above .
tr	PAST	His hand lingered on mine , cool and smooth , though he wouldn 't meet my eyes .
tr	PRES	The ugliness of everything , it all washes off .
tr	PRES	My h * ps buck into his hand , and I cry out .
tr	PRES	" People are starting to move around down by the food area , " Hayden announces .
tr	PRES	" Which incident ? "
tr	PAST	Worn out , Eliot collapsed next to Brynn on the ground , his chest heaving .
tr	PAST	Time crawled along with what seemed to Daniel very little progress .
tr	PAST	Startled , she shrank bank , but at the same time perceived that the stranger was a lady , and one who must have been exceedingly handsome .
tr	PRES	Or a horror film .
tr	PRES	And you represent everything the city can give them . "
tr	PAST	That night , just as I used to do , I dreamed of the Thorn Land .
tr	PAST	Zo exclaimed , having an amazed look to her eyes .
tr	PAST	" Keep your money safe , " he advised .
tr	PAST	He fanned the crinoline skirt so that it billowed from my waist , pooling behind me like a sea of ink .
tr	PRES	The man took in a deep breath through his nose , his eyes rol ing back into his head .
tr	PRES	' Eh there lass .
tr	PAST	It reflected so much need and desire that it made him ache .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " his response , through gunfire .
tr	PAST	The fingerprint evidence from the door frame of the closet door provided independent corroboration of this identification . "
tr	PRES	She sighs as she opens the laptop resting on the table .
tr	PAST	Usually , she sensed his presence almost before he appeared .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse from the extended sleep .
tr	PAST	Once she did this , fiery ashes floated into the night sky creating the effect of an upside down snowfall .
tr	PRES	" Patty likes it . "
tr	PRES	" A documentary film production company . "
tr	PRES	He stops feeding to stare at me eyeball to eyeball .
tr	PAST	Turning around , I bound down the steps and took off into a light jog .
tr	PRES	" I have been so very worried about you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	He breathes , then lays his head back down .
tr	PRES	There 's one at the laundromat , " Cy points out .
tr	PRES	Behind him stands Marian .
tr	PAST	Julie froze at the fringe of the trees , unsure what to do .
tr	PRES	" He likes you , Helen .
tr	PRES	But , every girl wears a fancy pretty dress .
tr	PRES	" Probably explains some of the losers around here . "
tr	PAST	" Smokey , come here , " Gia crooned , holding out her hand .
tr	PAST	" He stole one of Darius 's wives . "
tr	PRES	From the windows , the first lights shine out .
tr	PRES	Inhaling , Alex launches up and dives us off the cliff .
tr	PAST	" Yep , they named him Rudy .
tr	PRES	Turns out that railing is still strong enough to hold as much weight as me .
tr	PAST	The apparition yawned widely and said lazily , " the usual . "
tr	PRES	" but I forgive you . "
tr	PAST	Three Masters dove into the water but they would never reach him .
tr	PRES	I don 't " feel " old , my joints and bones disagree .
tr	PRES	" You a lawyer ? "
tr	PAST	The newspaper speculated that he had left the area , and then other stories , more current , took over the front page .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , hardened my will , and stopped the thing five inches from my hand .
tr	PAST	Her skin no longer glowed with soft white light .
tr	PRES	Renunciation Renunciation allows the individual to free himself or herself from external responsibilities and , instead , to concentrate on an inner search .
tr	PAST	Raina stifled a happy laugh .
tr	PAST	A wrapped tampon , her compact , lipstick and blush bounced on the mattress and scattered among her other things .
tr	PAST	As he took a sip of beer , Marcia tipped her glass at him and he saluted her back .
tr	PRES	Frantic footsteps , jumping , more thumps .
tr	PRES	You on another film project already ?
tr	PRES	She stares at Uriah .
tr	PAST	Not that she blamed him .
tr	PRES	A loud ' ding dong ' proceeds .
tr	PRES	Last of all , he ruined both of the maces .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not giving the speech I originally planned to give , " she announced as soon as Cloud Chief 's History teacher stepped away .
tr	PAST	In the backseat of the BMW Leon smoked a cigarette and scratched at the cast on his leg .
tr	PRES	Sighing , I lean to press my head against the glass of the car window .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth cringed when they walked in the door .
tr	PRES	Russ sees a psychologist twice a week .
tr	PRES	" Stop , it tickles . "
tr	PAST	After a minute she finally stated her opinion , " Dmitri has a point about adding long range weapons to our arsenal .
tr	PRES	Katie paused , the glass halfway to her lips .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Collins mutters , " Who is a responsible adult who knows what Isaiah is capable of ? "
tr	PAST	She inched forward , trying to be sexy .
tr	PAST	They also destroyed our lab and took the samples of blood she had been working on to find an alternative vaccine . '
tr	PRES	Nicko reaches out a small , pudgy hand and gently strokes the baby 's cheek .
tr	PRES	For example , the dandelion helps regulate the gastro-intestinal system , and would be ineffective as a flu fighter .
tr	PRES	Quick , fluid lines , and all the sketches on one page ; she overlapped them so they looked like an illustration of dance .
tr	PRES	" Sleep well , Sloane , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my palm .
tr	PAST	Ibarra stomped on his hand and the Venetian cried out in pain , releasing the weapon .
tr	PRES	He smiles at me , strokes a tender hand down my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Colin , I have to go , " she begged , staring at his throat .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved ruefully .
tr	PRES	" I du n no man . "
tr	PAST	A delicious feeling washed down Spencer 's back .
tr	PAST	" Some say it 's bigger , " the Senator from Michigan eggs them on enthusiastically .
tr	PRES	I slap her hand away .
tr	PRES	Dervish and a woozy Meera shuffle up beside them .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head and squinted as if confused .
tr	PRES	" Ollie ... " Paige reached out a hand to me , squeezing the tips of my fingers .
tr	PAST	The county clerk then stated , " All in favor of suspending the sheriff with pay during the investigation raise your hand . "
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed the length of my body as I stood before him in the water .
tr	PAST	He selected what he thought were the best books that might give the answers he wanted .
tr	PAST	" I tire of games , also .
tr	PRES	The dragon floats off as none of us know where it went off to .
tr	PRES	' Bob bob bob ? '
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her fork , and contemplated the man sitting casually across from her .
tr	PRES	John spoke , ' Mal , this brings me to your role .
tr	PAST	He unclipped the back of the jeep and opened a box shoved inside .
tr	PRES	" Your Highness . "
tr	PAST	" Thank you for gathering in an orderly manner so I can tell you what I 've been ... instructed to tell you .
tr	PAST	" I 'll give him a good whack and you tie him up , " instructed Thatch .
tr	PAST	' At least I was right about the missing minutes , ' stated Sarah .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled her neck and would have tightened my arms around her if I didn 't think it might cut off the circulation to her lower body .
tr	PAST	Carson shields his eyes from the sun while looking up at the lines .
tr	PAST	Finally the felonious forearm freed its grip and fled for the foyer .
tr	PAST	" He has that effect on people , " Sadie joked and walked over toward him .
tr	PRES	" He hates the grocery store . "
tr	PAST	" Well , " he faltered , clearly not as confident as I had believed .
tr	PAST	" I think I 'll be fine , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Callista exclaimed to passers-by as she hobbled through the crowd .
tr	PAST	Glass spewed through the archway onto the wooden floor .
tr	PRES	I chuckle again as I remember how stoked he was when he found out that he and Veronica had gotten their respective roles in this play .
tr	PRES	" No more lies . "
tr	PAST	Nicole gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	My dad chokes on his words too .
tr	PAST	" He destroyed someone who was very important to me and ripped my family apart . "
tr	PRES	Though I 'm lately rethinking the color of the velvet drapes .
tr	PRES	The crowd tries to scatter , but they 're packed too tight , and people trample one another .
tr	PRES	" Good luck , sweet damsel . "
tr	PRES	Does that mean I have to get you guys presents ? "
tr	PRES	" Bloody hell Johnnie , you arse !
tr	PRES	Cain offers with a sincere smile , adding , " Take tomorrow night off . "
tr	PAST	Derrick even flicked it a few times in the beak and it didn 't move .
tr	PAST	The cop frowned , his jowls jiggled .
tr	PAST	" You are not fertile , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	The sphere was open , the door gaping wide and black .
tr	PRES	Finally she opens her mouth and speaks .
tr	PRES	We 'd be glad to stay , Capt 'n .
tr	PAST	Amber sensed she needed this man on her side if she wanted to reach Mike .
tr	PAST	With a growl , Royce threaded his fingers through her hair and brought her face closer to his .
tr	PRES	" He only talks about a blond girl .
tr	PAST	She steadied her breath again , tried to do the same with her mind , her pulse .
tr	PAST	Several times he dismissed this as a premature conclusion , but the news reports just kept on reminding him of how widespread the interest was .
tr	PAST	I collapsed in the hallway , slid down the wall onto the floor and sobbed .
tr	PAST	He collapsed behind me , pulling the condom off as he softened and quickly tying it in a knot .
tr	PAST	He 'd never doubted that it would be well .
tr	PAST	Adam instructed , " What you do with any or his horse and gear is your doing .
tr	PAST	Strange dreams invaded Jason 's fitful slumber .
tr	PRES	Abe sighs dramatically and reaches to take the cup from my hand .
tr	PAST	I flung myself out into the fresh night air with the werewolves in close pursuit .
tr	PRES	Breathing heavily , Mai exhales with a faint growl before initiating the final battle .
tr	PAST	Jon 's scowl deepened .
tr	PRES	" All right , Chrissie loves Scott .
tr	PRES	Frank pushes his way to the pool and gets in .
tr	PAST	The elation I 'd circled back to when I discovered Sam .
tr	PRES	After a few minutes , he clears his throat .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me across the threshold , shutting the door behind me and then pressing me up against it .
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded to describe the exciting revelation that more than one factor was involved : that the two factors had to work together synergistically .
tr	PAST	They twirled and twirled gracefully as if they were on ice .
tr	PRES	Smiling sweetly , Rema responded , " Of course , my love , " her words dripping with sarcasm .
tr	PRES	" Nothing good occurs where I will be going . "
tr	PAST	Emma brightened her flame .
tr	PAST	The girls munched their cookies and found something new every couple seconds to point out to each other or their parents .
tr	PRES	She returns her attention to me , her eyes squinting as if she 's trying to figure me out .
tr	PAST	As much as she disliked meeting his predator 's stare , she preferred that to this shadowy observation .
tr	PAST	" You know I 'm right , " Janet persisted .
tr	PAST	Vaughn 's frown deepened .
tr	PRES	" Bastard , " she whispered , spitting on him .
tr	PAST	Cole hopped out of the truck and opened her door .
tr	PAST	My eyes sought out the darkened corners , the places he could be sleeping ... only there were none .
tr	PRES	Everybody , please raise your glass for Miss Soraya . "
tr	PRES	" You wraiths must sneak up on each other a lot . "
tr	PRES	" A password ... to go down ? "
tr	PRES	Bonnie , who was like a kitten , making airy pounces at no prey at all .
tr	PRES	And then finally , at dawn , the grieved expression on the face of the mine captain that could only mean one thing .
tr	PRES	' After I 've wiped it for prints .
tr	PAST	And " - now she made a sad , pouting face - " so unfairly feared .
tr	PAST	The doctor exhaled and blew a cloud of smoke across the table .
tr	PAST	He barreled his way inside , following right behind her .
tr	PAST	Morgan stiffened , and when he grazed her nipple with his tongue , she surged up and pushed him away .
tr	PAST	More people risked their asses getting to that meeting tonight than we 've ever had before , just on the off chance you might be there .
tr	PRES	After enough wood is gathered for the first schooner , Ian and his crew teach Gray Wolf and his crew how to build a ship .
tr	PRES	A smile stretches across my face .
tr	PRES	He points to my hand .
tr	PAST	" It 's not the same in England as in France , " I countered .
tr	PRES	( All joining in with mugs aloft . )
tr	PAST	His hands ranged all over her body and he moved against her in a way that scared and disgusted her .
tr	PRES	He just chuckles and takes my hand .
tr	PAST	So , let 's get this started , " Amon instructed , sliding in his swords .
tr	PRES	" Times up , Mitch . "
tr	PAST	Ewan 's expression sobered and then he leaned forward .
tr	PRES	He begins to smile .
tr	PRES	Duke climbs in next to me .
tr	PRES	His dark hair barely touches the collar of his shirt and is pushed back from his face .
tr	PRES	And my entire body freezes .
tr	PAST	The hand tugged the curtain all the way back .
tr	PAST	She motioned over Erik 's protest .
tr	PRES	said the Dean , his voice sounding as though it was coming from a long way away .
tr	PAST	You abandoned her body at dawn , knowing that it wouldn 't be discovered immediately .
tr	PAST	Savannah inched her way toward her seat , but was stopped by the sudden silence of the band and Quentin 's voice over the stage speakers .
tr	PRES	Liam shouted , batting at a low-hanging pine branch , needles showering free .
tr	PRES	The ones who never came near Evernight Academy , who cared less about appearing human and more about taking prey wherever they could find it .
tr	PAST	" Priscilla provided the security access codes . "
tr	PRES	She closes her eyes , ' read my notebook , ' she stops short , gagging .
tr	PAST	Leslie twirled around and beamed at Rita .
tr	PRES	He couldn , t help himself .
tr	PRES	Turns out that basketball had falsely scored a point .
tr	PAST	Mallory stepped forward , arms outstretched .
tr	PRES	" Can you lean up and over me ? "
tr	PRES	The sight of her brings a sick feeling to my stomach , confirming that something is wrong .
tr	PAST	Victims freed from their torment .
tr	PAST	Emma fiddled with the strap on her bag .
tr	PRES	She slides the cabinet doors open and pokes around inside it , her bun bobbing up and down lightly as she hunts .
tr	PAST	Custom dictated that the new husband and wife present themselves to their liege lady before they could go on to their family and friends .
tr	PRES	" Come with me , you naughty wench .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Foster ? "
tr	PRES	He pushes the tray in front of me .
tr	PAST	She collapsed but still carried the momentum of her massive body .
tr	PAST	Before she could make up her mind , blackness engulfed her .
tr	PRES	The policeman handcuffed me and spoke to the mortician , who answered promptly .
tr	PRES	" That explains a lot !
tr	PAST	She screwed her face up at him .
tr	PRES	Did Noel ... ? "
tr	PAST	" Let 's look around and see if we can find anything else unusual , " volunteered Ricky , setting his backpack down .
tr	PRES	A shatter ripples the air .
tr	PAST	Shira muffled a snort and said on a distaff thread , * I guess that means Wynne and Keely will have pretty toenails .
tr	PAST	The men 's gaze lingered hungrily before they realized I wasn 't oblivious .
tr	PRES	He stops , searching .
tr	PAST	' And he transformed into him ?
tr	PAST	" You 're so full of it , " Cassidy teased , scooting onto the bed .
tr	PRES	" The Pentagon ? "
tr	PAST	The General spewed the cider across the room and slammed the cup down , spilling half of it on his desk .
tr	PAST	I eyed my alarm clock .
tr	PRES	She flinches and snaps her head up to look me in the eye .
tr	PAST	Nora fumed but held her fire .
tr	PAST	I almost froze to death ! "
tr	PRES	She glances my way now and I feel frozen in place .
tr	PAST	Dennis 's pale gaze glowed with a sorrow that was tinged with intense pride .
tr	PRES	' Detective Love ... ' ' Just Love , remember ? '
tr	PAST	Since Maia was still asleep in Luke 's bedroom , he announced that he 'd be just fine on the couch .
tr	PAST	I exhaled sharply as I said the words .
tr	PRES	He tents his fingers under his nose .
tr	PRES	Ryan lets me hug him too , and I 'm happy that my family 's together again .
tr	PAST	First , it endured reentry via a heat shield .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to shake her .
tr	PAST	" You sequestered her , " Sonia accused .
tr	PAST	You , with the way you took care of one good-for-nothing hole in the ground , proved you 're smarter .
tr	PRES	Then she wraps her arms around my waist in a tight embrace .
tr	PAST	The sheep cowered in the corner .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the gut .
tr	PAST	The count regarded him with utter contempt .
tr	PAST	She giggled at his reaction .
tr	PAST	Waves of light-headedness washed over her , and she put her head in her hands to steady herself .
tr	PRES	This time an old lady opens the door just enough so I could see her face .
tr	PRES	The driver in the jeep opens the door , hat and sunglasses covering his face .
tr	PRES	It arches up , and at its apex , a thin , silvery line slices through the silhouette of the moon .
tr	PAST	And Ezio 's hunch proved right .
tr	PAST	Dropping the napkin and the French accent at the same time , he plopped next to me on the sofa and reached for a plate .
tr	PAST	They identified him by a birthmark on his right cheek . "
tr	PAST	She inched toward him .
tr	PAST	Lindy unfolded the napkin and took pains spreading it over her lap .
tr	PAST	He stares quietly at me .
tr	PAST	Seeing their garments mingled that way made Lily feel warm inside , and she easily moved her hands to the zipper of his trousers .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked the back of my eyes as my heart stopped in my chest and then sped up .
tr	PRES	A screeching sound fills in the room and we all duck down covering our ears and pass out .
tr	PRES	Or , better yet , bra to thong bikini .
tr	PAST	" Linda 's a friend , " Josie countered .
tr	PRES	My pulse slows again , and I feel a little foolish .
tr	PAST	Lavina shuffled in her chair and gazed back .
tr	PAST	My aunt received a text from my phone with the same message .
tr	PRES	" Someone from Wessex wishes me dead ? "
tr	PAST	A bull like creature emerged , six feet tall .
tr	PRES	" I assume he isn 't married or you 'd have invited his wife , too ? "
tr	PAST	White lights outlined the arched doorway , the windows , the sanctuary and the steps leading up to it .
tr	PRES	" Is he dependable ? "
tr	PRES	With that in mind , I abandon my car and stroll into the garage to shut off the engine .
tr	PAST	Beside him , Varg 's chest rumbled with another , quietly furious growl .
tr	PAST	" Too easily tipped over .
tr	PAST	Pink hearts sketched in silly string on the windows ?
tr	PRES	Then another short lightning arc .
tr	PRES	As I work to get it back , something slams into my front door .
tr	PAST	He flicked his gaze to her before slowly removing his hand from underneath hers .
tr	PRES	" You 've got a lot to learn , my boy , " Alex teased as they all started up the dock .
tr	PRES	He jumps up then offers me both hands .
tr	PRES	" People died here , " Julia whispers .
tr	PAST	A smug smile curved her lips as she slowly unfastened the button .
tr	PAST	Alanna pretended to close her eyes , but Thomas could see she was still peeking .
tr	PRES	His laughter booms down the line .
tr	PAST	Our ancestors invented it long ago .
tr	PAST	Hunger rumbled in his stomach .
tr	PRES	I shout , chasing after her , seeing my opportunity to help Quinton any more slip further and further away .
tr	PAST	The urge to comfort her tugged at him , but he managed to keep his distance .
tr	PRES	" What about tailing Vaughn ? "
tr	PAST	She touches his arm every time she talks . "
tr	PAST	You lied to me ! "
tr	PAST	" I 'll be back a few more times in the coming weeks , " Ezra caressed the stone .
tr	PAST	' We meet at Meatball 's house tomorrow , ' he instructed .
tr	PAST	Cronus inhaled deeply as guards entered the room to remove the bodies .
tr	PAST	With quiet deliberation , she unzipped its padded case .
tr	PRES	I shout at him .
tr	PRES	" Been in meetings all day , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	My heart drums in a wild rhythm as he runs his fingertips over every inch of my face .
tr	PRES	The La Push kids do it all the time .
tr	PRES	' I snuck out the front door .
tr	PAST	She unfolded her hands and reached out to him .
tr	PAST	" I was just telling her that we need to order a part for her car , " I retort , annoyed by his insinuation .
tr	PAST	The pleasure exploded in her , hard and deep .
tr	PRES	The head pops out the top and he gasps , he moans as it draws back inside and disappears , surrounded by my flesh .
tr	PRES	She glances at Eden , then back to me .
tr	PAST	I screeched as I hit the side of the door again as Kaspar straightened the wheel , thrusting the car up a gear , engine whining .
tr	PRES	Everything stops - his breath , his heart , time itself .
tr	PRES	" The individual wears dark clothing .
tr	PAST	" It wasn 't so bad , " I backtracked .
tr	PAST	Miriam stumped upstairs beside Mana 's graceful stride .
tr	PRES	His words tumble out , fast and jumbled , as though now he 's begun speaking he can 't stop .
tr	PAST	None of my Union boys matched your Will , but I suspected your aunt would respond strongly to an angel .
tr	PRES	To think that my failure might glorify the king , offers me great comfort . "
tr	PRES	I lean over and put my hand on his arm for a minute .
tr	PAST	And Juliette experienced an instant flare of heat .
tr	PAST	Bob 's eyes linger on the chronometer on my wrist for a moment , but then he picks up his plate and stands up .
tr	PAST	As daylight drifted out of sight , the urgency that had once filled their pace also fled .
tr	PRES	Not big clay people . '
tr	PAST	After a second thought , she dumped two more , took off her shoe and crushed them .
tr	PRES	Before I totally blacked out for the second time that day , I swore I heard someone scream , " Drop the gun now ! "
tr	PRES	Karen reaches down and hugs me .
tr	PRES	Our breaths mingle in a way I probably never would have noticed with a different girl .
tr	PRES	Because she sees you .
tr	PAST	The light outside dimmed .
tr	PRES	Specifically , in the form of his apprentice . "
tr	PAST	Features tightening with concentration , Dallas unfolded his computer console , located where steering wheels were once positioned .
tr	PRES	She holds her iPhone screen up to my face so I can see their latest Twitpic .
tr	PRES	" All sorts of things .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " Turk mumbled .
tr	PAST	My racing heart slowed .
tr	PAST	She sobbed the entire time .
tr	PRES	1 " YOU MUST BE TIA CRUZ . "
tr	PRES	" And not ones that stink of those other humans . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Simon , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Her smile brightened and she leaned into him .
tr	PAST	Now , his normal day ranged from annoyance to frustration to anger .
tr	PRES	Pivoting , Seth shone his flashlight at the approaching revenant .
tr	PAST	He pitched his booty onto the nightstand , save one packet .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	By making this commitment , it lets us both know that we 're serious about each other .
tr	PRES	The goons behind me releases me and run down the corridor , but James isn 't as easily fooled .
tr	PAST	His brain froze on one terrifying thought .
tr	PAST	I slowed , grinding to a stop like a machine just unplugged , as I studied the man on the bench across the street .
tr	PAST	" Evie ... , " Bishop began , stepping forward , hands outstretched .
tr	PAST	Most of Aurelio 's clients also ' tipped ' me for my services .
tr	PAST	Spines , tentacles , cleavers , mandibles , and all sorts of appendages , mauls and limbs writhed in chaos .
tr	PAST	I bore them no ill will .
tr	PAST	Violet exclaimed , racing across the park , her auburn hair flying behind her .
tr	PAST	Lady Isobel prayed for help .
tr	PRES	" Thank God , " Misty said , heartfelt .
tr	PAST	She fanned her face .
tr	PAST	Benny squinted at me .
tr	PAST	A Gothic door with an arched top , painted blue .
tr	PRES	The nobles murmur among themselves .
tr	PRES	" What kinds of things ? "
tr	PRES	Adel stands alone awkwardly in the living room with his suitcase beside him -- waiting .
tr	PRES	Sometimes Eric lets him borrow it for other stuff .
tr	PAST	" And for the next two , " I chimed in .
tr	PRES	He stares down at me , his eyes searching mine .
tr	PRES	A new Inquisitor comes hurrying in , then whispers something in the ear of the closest guard .
tr	PAST	Ashe eyed the Shades at our right ... and then he charged .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Princess .
tr	PAST	He was stomping around , hands clasped on his head , the sun beating down on him .
tr	PRES	One of those dark silhouettes out there had squealed on him .
tr	PAST	I exited without any hesitation this time .
tr	PRES	And so the families ... endure .
tr	PAST	She yawned , but she refused sleep .
tr	PAST	" Fine , " I lied .
tr	PRES	A kindling of hope fills my heart .
tr	PRES	" The true reward of heroics lies in the satisfaction you feel , not the glory others heap on to you . "
tr	PRES	The Order ... " She could not finish .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PRES	So don 't waste your breath , Norman . "
tr	PAST	You tricked me . "
tr	PAST	Jason devoutly cleaned up after Shadow , bathed him , played with him , and roamed the woods with him .
tr	PRES	She gazes off over my shoulder , lost in her thoughts .
tr	PAST	Nancy flicked a button , and there was a different image .
tr	PRES	Thanks to the usual suspects at Koke Mill Christian Church .
tr	PAST	And both froze in horror .
tr	PRES	Can 't you tel ? "
tr	PAST	" How noble of you to trod through the wilderness after them .
tr	PAST	" Time for a backpack check , " Mr. Skeeter announced .
tr	PAST	She still sensed the spying eyes on her as she stepped out into the frozen night .
tr	PRES	" Come on , bro .
tr	PAST	He steered her into the kitchen again and turned off the stove before he burned down his own house .
tr	PRES	" Crap , " I mutter , pressing my fingers to the brim of my nose .
tr	PRES	" But what if someone sees us leaving town together ? "
tr	PRES	The light throws disturbing shadows from the man 's face .
tr	PAST	Finally the pain subsided and she began the arduous task of soaping her hair and body .
tr	PAST	Finally Lucien opted to help .
tr	PRES	" It helps you to train your brain to remember stuff . "
tr	PAST	They exited by the student parking lot .
tr	PAST	" It is from my mother who is in Ireland with my brothers , " Sarah revealed .
tr	PRES	It lets her see things from a different perspective . "
tr	PAST	A sharp strobe of lightning revealed the gap in the side of the mound .
tr	PAST	Lifting his head , he sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	Broad leaves slapped the windshield as the speed increased .
tr	PRES	" Jesus Christ , " he mutters as his hands fist at his sides .
tr	PAST	Every breath she took , she inhaled his masculine scent .
tr	PRES	As she read the message , tears clouded her eyes .
tr	PAST	The old , circular slabs of stone lie piled into a wall with a plethora of plants and trees making the obstruction impassable .
tr	PAST	" I don 't suppose we do , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	Erin offers her hand and says , " I 'm Erin .
tr	PAST	Saber emerged from the bushes , twigs and leaves in her hair .
tr	PAST	He stares at me yet again , but this time he actually seems uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	Then the man washed the clothes in the spring and laid them out on rocks in a small sunlit space to dry .
tr	PRES	When he murders his latest victim , our heroine sees him and makes a wax model of him .
tr	PRES	Her eyes bulge from her head .
tr	PAST	He zipped his pants and picked up his shirt , yanking it on and shoving his arms into the sleeves .
tr	PAST	Leander Jack exclaimed , panicking , and he ran the bow over the strings in violent discord .
tr	PAST	I dumped my big container o ' shit on to the soil and nearly puked from the smell .
tr	PAST	Anne thanked her -- and waited until we were well out of sight of Mrs. Tate 's cottage before she emptied the tonic bottle into a bush .
tr	PAST	" The world has not lied in naming you handsome . "
tr	PAST	As I passed by him , heat washed over me , as if I had stepped too close to a bonfire .
tr	PAST	Chapter 1 The world had caved in on Amelia Bailey .
tr	PAST	" Then we 're doomed , " Nick exclaimed , sweeping the papers off Cassie 's desk .
tr	PAST	" You 're supposed to be doing this to me , aren 't you , " he accused .
tr	PAST	He plopped into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	Tom circled around it , pointing the rifle .
tr	PAST	The animal attempted to back out from under it , with little success .
tr	PRES	From time to time , distant bangs .
tr	PRES	" Started in the streets , " she explains as she dumps rice into a large , dented pot .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to notice , as was only respectful for a king .
tr	PAST	I scooted away from him .
tr	PRES	He lets me use his shoulder to support my weight while I put my panties and jeans on .
tr	PAST	Kiersten belted it louder .
tr	PRES	She half grinned at me , her pigtails swishing around her shoulders .
tr	PAST	The studio , like the other six major studios , produced an average of one film a week .
tr	PAST	He stated in response as if the answer should have been obvious to me ( and , perhaps , it should have been ) .
tr	PAST	He snaked out and tore the ball away from me , twisting and shooting before I had barely even registered that the ball was gone .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up . "
tr	PAST	Looks Victorian , like mine . "
tr	PRES	" She likes my tats . "
tr	PRES	She belongs to me .
tr	PRES	Tammie swears under her breath before replying .
tr	PRES	Laughter instantly fills my head and even though I hate to admit it , it 's not Cameron 's ; it 's my own .
tr	PRES	I gape at his massive cock as it 's unsheathed from his underwear .
tr	PRES	He stands and tugs free of the leash , ignoring the clatter of the clasp on the pavement behind him .
tr	PRES	" Now fuck off . "
tr	PAST	Roman pinched the back of his neck .
tr	PAST	I pretended that the only one watching me was Xavier .
tr	PRES	I thought you weren 't going to use my number , ' I teased . '
tr	PAST	He dreamed of her sexiness .
tr	PAST	Eyes narrowed , the witch regarded him for several long moments ; then , muttering to the cat , she pivoted on her heel and walked away .
tr	PRES	" What brings you by today ? "
tr	PAST	Her nerves tickled with delight .
tr	PAST	He fanned out the keys with trembling fingers and found the right one .
tr	PRES	Serena hears through the bushes .
tr	PAST	The calm in his voice revealed the depth of his anger .
tr	PRES	He climbs up beside me , then releases my hand to help Quinn from the swaying boat .
tr	PAST	I prayed for those words to be true .
tr	PRES	" A little something at this time of day helps a man relax . "
tr	PAST	" Anyone could be watching , " uttered Reg mysteriously , although Kathy knew he was talking about her .
tr	PRES	" It occurs in varying degrees , naturally ; however , defectors tend to deteriorate over time and they very seldom recover . "
tr	PRES	The first couple of button pushes unlock large security vans which I discount due to their size and lack of stealth .
tr	PAST	But , oh hell , screw stopping the guy .
tr	PRES	He lands on my back and a shout leaves my throat as excruciating pain zips along my spine .
tr	PAST	Considering the purpose of our discussion , I opted for discretion over comfort . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry I yelled at you , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Bliss washed over her as she came , her body pulsing around his .
tr	PAST	Even the waitress eyed them curiously .
tr	PAST	Thomas tuned out -- he didn 't need directions on how to use the bathroom -- and turned to get a look at where they 'd stopped .
tr	PAST	With a curse , Myles dialed the number he 'd just gotten from the CDCR .
tr	PAST	He replaced the picture and stepped back to the center of the room just as Rina reentered .
tr	PRES	The stars twinkle in the sky , but I don 't recognize any of the constellations .
tr	PRES	He stands defeated for a moment until he notices the open sunroof .
tr	PAST	A few tests proved that with care and effort we could resist at least the initial onslaught of radiation sickness .
tr	PAST	The bear cocked its head to one side .
tr	PAST	' No , ' he lied .
tr	PRES	" Push the other way .
tr	PRES	" Why do this , Quentin ? "
tr	PAST	" Someone posted it on that Spotted website . "
tr	PAST	But I comprehend already that you 've a wonderful eye for how things will look , and I 'll gladly take all your suggestions . "
tr	PAST	Francesca utilized the energy immediately , grateful even though she wanted nothing to do with Gabriel .
tr	PRES	But every time I reach for my cell , something stops me .
tr	PRES	" I love pink " she states excitedly .
tr	PAST	Jack motioned to the dress bag .
tr	PAST	Lucas tensed beside him .
tr	PAST	Humor rumbled through him , his chuckle warm as stove-top molasses .
tr	PRES	" And the panels ?
tr	PRES	" I think you mean , how can it imitate a life force ?
tr	PAST	For two weeks I mourned .
tr	PAST	Jackson quickly untied his limbs and slowly sat up .
tr	PAST	When he got to the end of his mile-long driveway , he rumbled across the cattle grate and squealed out onto the paved main road .
tr	PRES	Turns out ... he has a girlfriend . "
tr	PAST	He strapped me into a seat and sat directly across from me right as we took off .
tr	PRES	With a quick tap , the bag shrinks again .
tr	PAST	His hand fisted my hair , tugging harder the longer we kissed .
tr	PRES	When I took another step back Benedict lets his arms drop to his sides .
tr	PRES	" Well , this changes things . "
tr	PRES	" Reinhard holds the money , but he 's not spending it selfishly .
tr	PRES	Byron affects mild outrage , as though he 's been wronged .
tr	PRES	The young man , pleased with himself , pushes his glasses up with one finger and grabs the photo with his other hand .
tr	PAST	" Scanners indicate humans ahead " she reported , " increase forward locomotion to maximum ! "
tr	PAST	My finger itched to squeeze the triggers .
tr	PAST	Rick grunted out a laugh and said , " Stop .
tr	PAST	The path dumped them off at a road called Mayflower Drive before continuing on the other side of the street .
tr	PRES	" To celebrate the start of my class preparation . "
tr	PRES	His hand reaches out , grabbing the arrow Serena shot .
tr	PRES	The fire in his eyes softens .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six They walked out into the night , the fresh , cold air bringing her out of her haze of need .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she begged .
tr	PRES	She loves Alfonso as much as he does her , which we are thankful for .
tr	PAST	She purses her lips like she might cry and shakes her head .
tr	PRES	I shout , racing after her .
tr	PAST	His frown deepened as he drew in a whiff of gunpowder .
tr	PAST	Mars and the Net are inhabited by artificial intelligences and souls , these last obtained by digitizing the brain after death .
tr	PAST	He attempted a wan grin .
tr	PAST	Her tires squealed as she missed him by just inches .
tr	PRES	Rebecca strikes me as a little kinky .
tr	PRES	Needless to say , the article enraged me .
tr	PRES	Max sighs in relief .
tr	PAST	Did he collar you in London ? "
tr	PRES	She stared at him wide-eyed , her mouth agape .
tr	PAST	Things rustled in the bushes , and a breeze wafted the scent of cabbages over the endless fields .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	And then she shuffled out of the room , her pajama bottoms dragging on the ground .
tr	PAST	That jolted her back to reality .
tr	PRES	The standard tuning fork I played you earlier . '
tr	PAST	Unlike this morning , I restrained myself to another kiss across the table , without throwing the rest of my body after it .
tr	PAST	Summer and Pigeon skipped the line and pushed their way through the front door with the cake box .
tr	PRES	Knox chuckles and lifts me off of his lap .
tr	PRES	I pump his hand , unable to tame the smile plastered across my face .
tr	PRES	" Are we sightseeing ?
tr	PRES	Everyone has been busting their humps , not just me , " Valerie explains .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for trusting me , Leigh . "
tr	PRES	" I forgive you for everything , as long as you forgive me for pushing you away all those years ago .
tr	PAST	I quickly dialed Ruby 's cell phone number and waited .
tr	PAST	Haven eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	She abandoned all pretense of gentleness and slapped him .
tr	PAST	Rupert motioned them towards the brown leather couches .
tr	PAST	He barreled into the giant , throwing her back against the vault door .
tr	PRES	I wipe my nose with the back of my hand , " You can stay here with me .
tr	PRES	' The one who saw you drag Malik from his cell .
tr	PRES	That just brings out the opposition . "
tr	PAST	Laurel exploded with giggles .
tr	PRES	Pets that amuse and take scraps off the floor , but have no other real purpose . "
tr	PRES	Nor shall anything of my realm endure that a son should inherit . '
tr	PRES	A good commander learns to delegate .
tr	PAST	" Daniel , would you be so kind as to put down that bun clutched in your fist and make your bows to our guests ? "
tr	PRES	" It helps the sense of smell .
tr	PRES	" Top drawer of my dresser . "
tr	PAST	" It 's me you want , not him , " he persisted .
tr	PAST	Ian 's brows pinched in thought .
tr	PAST	Ali demurely blotted her lips with a napkin .
tr	PRES	The entire Texans football team ? "
tr	PRES	What 's it involve ? "
tr	PAST	Loved brightening their day , getting them to step outside themselves for just one minute .
tr	PAST	Normally she accompanied him , but this time she 'd begged off .
tr	PAST	" But you only just learnt them ? "
tr	PRES	George beamed , ' Great idea - great .
tr	PAST	His finger caressed my cheek .
tr	PRES	Where family belongs ... and you haven 't been my family for a long time . "
tr	PRES	Wrong time , wrong place but ... " Why didn 't you feed ? "
tr	PRES	" My human fur just for my little blossom , " she giggles .
tr	PAST	She stared off , her voice dropping low , her hand resting warmly on his arm .
tr	PRES	And disappears under the wall of water .
tr	PAST	With both hands on her hips she circled slowly before the astonished company .
tr	PRES	Paul of Tarsus begins his missionary travels , according to one traditional dating scheme .
tr	PRES	His mouth stretches into a smile when he ducks down to see it 's me .
tr	PRES	He sees a shadow suddenly laid across the dark wood of the hall floor from an open door on the left .
tr	PRES	Sweet , forthright , widowed Mrs. Basso who had been a beloved friend .
tr	PAST	For the next hour or so , Jimmy and Sheen related the details of their separate adventures .
tr	PAST	... going out Dumpster diving later ... " " ... no money .
tr	PAST	The way you walk , talk and stuff like that , ' advised one of the older guys .
tr	PRES	I assume I 'll be using it in a minute anyway . "
tr	PAST	" I made coffee , " Callie announced while they sat down .
tr	PRES	Pierre begins to laugh .
tr	PAST	Sabin flicked him a glance .
tr	PRES	Adel refuses to look at her .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " she mumbled , still holding on to him .
tr	PRES	Says my dad , silencing my mum .
tr	PAST	These thoughts reassured him .
tr	PAST	" Cam , think , " Bex urged .
tr	PRES	In front of Isaiah 's fender , he holds his hands in the air toward Isaiah .
tr	PAST	He floated across the chamber to lie in the earth .
tr	PRES	Then he glances back out the window .
tr	PAST	Don 't think you 'll always get served breakfast in bed when you are well . "
tr	PRES	The future lies across the sea . "
tr	PAST	He eyed the shawl more closely .
tr	PRES	It helps us function .
tr	PRES	I rip my mind away from this train of thought before I go too far down it .
tr	PAST	We crouched behind the rock , Bull with his .45 at the ready and me hoping that I would not be in need of my bat .
tr	PAST	Rat smacked Lom on his backside .
tr	PAST	At one moment during our discussion , the conversation waned a bit , and I asked him why he hadn 't moved somewhere else .
tr	PAST	Jake downed his coffee and grabbed his hat , and swung around ready to get up .
tr	PAST	As we got closer , I tensed up .
tr	PAST	Marwan cringed inside as he spoke about his father , but managed to hide his emotion well .
tr	PRES	Until a few minutes later nothing remains except the swirling ash of the monsters returning to the underworld .
tr	PAST	His eyes matched his hair .
tr	PRES	I viciously slam open the door of her private suite , when it hits the nicely painted wall with a loud boom .
tr	PRES	" Slave bracelets ! "
tr	PRES	As the girls put their finishing touches on their costumes they all danced around the Rihanna music that blared over the radio and started singing .
tr	PAST	In surprise , his hands clasped at her back and then he pulled her into him for a deeper kiss .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me then .
tr	PRES	Pike stubbornly refuses to meet her gaze .
tr	PRES	I exhale then start the rotation completing the circle .
tr	PRES	She flips through and around them as Chest runs up the steps to join her .
tr	PAST	I feared that it would wilt and wither if I fail to water it with the thoughts of her .
tr	PAST	" You haven 't lost me , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	You hooked up with Colton . "
tr	PAST	The street lights glowed amber in the darkness .
tr	PAST	He preferred to maximize as much time as possible to work and found driving a waste of his time .
tr	PAST	It slowed me down .
tr	PAST	His irises split into a million different hues , every colour in the spectrum .
tr	PRES	I lean in closer to him .
tr	PRES	" You hush now . "
tr	PAST	Isaac crawled into his surprised grandmother 's lap .
tr	PRES	' Any other offers ? '
tr	PAST	They advanced across it toward the hallway at the end .
tr	PRES	The crowd stills , confused .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Mia .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes it helps to talk about things . "
tr	PRES	He stood passively , his face expressionless but his eyes alive and full of repressed emotion .
tr	PRES	" He owes the world an explanation and I think that Eva Roberts was right , he will now do exactly that . "
tr	PRES	Thoughtfully studying the arrow , he remembers Pierre and the arrows that he made specifically for his bow .
tr	PRES	He lets go of me and walks away .
tr	PAST	" An image projected onto molecules to give it shape and form . "
tr	PRES	" I know , Herr 'D on .
tr	PAST	Julian 's eyes flicked around the room ; everyone was muttering and glaring .
tr	PAST	Ramon steered her forward , the light strapped to his head streaking ahead .
tr	PRES	He clears the fence with one jump and barrels into me .
tr	PAST	He flicked the metal bar in his bottom lip and tilted his head toward the door , " Went to get some air a while ago . "
tr	PRES	Only one guard remains in the building . "
tr	PRES	Finally , with a few seconds before the final credits roll , the Stranger rises and addresses nobody in particular .
tr	PAST	Philip Preston himself hopped up from a divan .
tr	PRES	He teased one breast with his tongue , flicking and sucking it until she wanted to scream from pleasure .
tr	PRES	He falls back into his chair and folds his arms over his chest .
tr	PAST	Sakura , who was heading back up the stairs , gritted her teeth in annoyance .
tr	PAST	The continued inactivity signalled that the hunt in Spain remained on and that the other Packs had yet to emerge from the portal in the North Tower .
tr	PRES	" Many places , " she finally mumbled .
tr	PRES	Paul mumbled , but seemed to quiet down when Bill shot him a look .
tr	PRES	My dog loves me . "
tr	PRES	" Did your father approve of this ? "
tr	PAST	Insects buzzed in the morning dew .
tr	PAST	I defended myself as gently as the circumstances permitted . "
tr	PAST	They seized most of the fishermen catch at the end of the day .
tr	PRES	Her throat felt dry , her skin clammy .
tr	PAST	His breathing slowed after a few minutes .
tr	PAST	" I wasn 't reading anything , " he lied .
tr	PAST	" Somewhere in Europe spending whatever money she received in the inheritance .
tr	PAST	He slapped my hands away and struggled upright , his eyes fuzzy at first .
tr	PAST	As expected , Josie whipped her head from side to side .
tr	PRES	Whatever the consequence , I wash my hands of it . "
tr	PRES	CHAPTER SIXTEEN Mary stands there , smiling .
tr	PRES	" Enemy agency ... " he mutters .
tr	PRES	He glances up at the surrounding hills .
tr	PRES	The stark white gown that clung to her curves only to spill down around her legs in sensuous folds of silk .
tr	PAST	They both awaited Petra 's answer .
tr	PRES	" Well , come on , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	" Give me the phone , " Jeremy instructed .
tr	PAST	Half the level collapsed , rubble bouncing noisily off the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	Ringing fills my ears .
tr	PRES	" Your mockery slides right off of my altruistic humility . "
tr	PAST	Wood walls prevented the biting wind from whipping around , but a small window let a cold draft inside .
tr	PRES	" Ha , ha , ha .
tr	PAST	His sister clutched onto his arm , fearful as well .
tr	PRES	" What about Florida ? "
tr	PAST	All clear , Kaden reported .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	Fear seized my belly .
tr	PRES	Well , I confess .
tr	PRES	She reaches down to guide me in .
tr	PRES	He reaches up to my face and holds my cheeks in his hands , then kisses me .
tr	PAST	Then , it suddenly buzzed again .
tr	PRES	" And am I then to assume that you find no use whatsoever for your weaponry outside ?
tr	PRES	Emma reaches down and fumbles with his belt .
tr	PAST	" Bart is deeply devoted , " they stated in unison .
tr	PAST	The lady stated , warmly .
tr	PRES	" Then we sell it , along with everything else I get . "
tr	PAST	He motioned towards the other officers riding in the train and said , " Death is everywhere .
tr	PAST	I finally sniffed , because my grandfather had a right to an explanation .
tr	PAST	He tensed , crouching , his sword ready , offering the smallest target possible .
tr	PAST	Her negative response puzzled him .
tr	PRES	" Holy cow ! "
tr	PRES	Scott H. Andrews ) .
tr	PAST	Digging the car keys out of her pocket , she threaded them between her fingers and kept her eyes peeled for any suspicious movement .
tr	PAST	And ultimately Shallow Lucy scored another victory .
tr	PAST	Both of us froze .
tr	PRES	" Yes , and I approve of the general direction , but our charts don 't show the planet you guys are looking for . "
tr	PRES	He offers me 4 words .
tr	PAST	I wagged my finger .
tr	PAST	They advanced on her .
tr	PAST	It sobered me up after a long night of whisky and smoking kush mixed with a dash of PCP .
tr	PAST	Liam extended his hand across the desk , standing up .
tr	PAST	She inched along it .
tr	PAST	As her eyes were gradually adjusting to the dim light of the hall , Bob Hayes bounced into the next seat shattering her reverie .
tr	PAST	" My mother designed this room .
tr	PRES	' Yep ' Another reach into the holdall produces a plastic bag of shells for the shotgun and a box of rounds for the revolver .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , and I put a hand on my abdomen to still the twitching .
tr	PAST	" Just a couple more , " she urged herself , pulling every ounce of energy from her body .
tr	PRES	Might as well crash some speedboats while waiting for Chainsaw .
tr	PAST	Perseus shrieked as my claws dug into him for grip .
tr	PRES	" Me too , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Yo bro , you coming ? "
tr	PAST	It faltered the first time and started on the second .
tr	PAST	She dreamed of him .
tr	PAST	Tiny pink blossoms floated across the green , green field .
tr	PAST	Probably a gene therapist , though it could have been a plastic surgeon .
tr	PAST	I lied to you and didn 't respect your choices .
tr	PRES	" And you don 't understand the stress of being a slave , " I retort .
tr	PRES	He uses a plastic fork and digs in .
tr	PRES	" He likes to look at houses with female realtors ?
tr	PAST	Boone pondered what Delilah was suggesting .
tr	PRES	' Welcome , ladies . '
tr	PRES	In both hands he holds knives .
tr	PRES	For Mary 's sake , they settle grievances in the arena .
tr	PAST	He cocked his chin sideways and appeared to be considering something .
tr	PAST	Concern tugged at his eyes .
tr	PAST	I practically collapsed into Aiden 's arms , crying softly as he stroked my hair .
tr	PRES	Hannah looked down at herself , the navy cloak her mother made her billowed around her , hiding her lucky outfit .
tr	PRES	That part of me wove words into my soul , words like doubt and can 't trust and lust and not worth it .
tr	PAST	Grey charged after it , onto the terrace , shouting for the sentries .
tr	PRES	His eyes still shone brightly with the same fire that she first saw when he confessed his feelings up the ledge on that fateful afternoon .
tr	PAST	Instead of letting go , instead of breaking the bad news , he deepened the kiss .
tr	PAST	After waiting a minute they exited as well .
tr	PRES	Or chasing her through the house , but not threateningly , playfully .
tr	PRES	Becoming more thoughtful , her forehead relaxes .
tr	PAST	I eyed the odd assortment of furniture , no chair matched .
tr	PAST	Her mind leaped ahead as she thought of where they 'd go and what she 'd wear .
tr	PAST	He flicked them : one , two .
tr	PAST	She padded in slippers over to her bookcase .
tr	PRES	Of course , Lucy sells the manuscript to her friendly local publisher , and that problem is all taken care of .
tr	PRES	" In case yer git thirsty , " she mumbled , and disappeared inside the house again .
tr	PRES	( garbled ) BG : Yeah , I 'm ok .
tr	PRES	First , a state helps its workers find jobs .
tr	PAST	For once , Jane preferred the darkness .
tr	PAST	Emma scrolled down the page , full of pictures of her old room and stories about how disturbed Emma had seemed .
tr	PAST	His mother , shocked , hauled off and slapped him .
tr	PRES	Two presenters nearby struggled awkwardly to help him regroup .
tr	PAST	' And quit sighing like that . '
tr	PRES	" No , you 're fine , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Amanda , can you help me with this box ? "
tr	PAST	' So you forgive me for today ? '
tr	PAST	The ambulance screeched to a stop .
tr	PRES	He holds power in his mind and hands .
tr	PAST	The space served as a waiting area for clients between treatments .
tr	PAST	The little girls wept in fright .
tr	PRES	" That 's a koala bear , you idiot !
tr	PAST	Wald clutched at her , pushing her over him .
tr	PRES	Bob blocks the doorway so we can 't see out .
tr	PAST	" And they also announced that they 're purging the jails early .
tr	PRES	" You said I could have all of you , " she whispers , running her finger over my features .
tr	PAST	An officer quickly exited .
tr	PRES	" The assembly of a mannequin , Highness .
tr	PRES	He gazes once more deeply into my eyes , and then surprisingly drops to one knee and speaks his first words to me .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to my question ; how do we get in ?
tr	PAST	She tugged the starter cord .
tr	PAST	" What if we built a setback here , eliminated this little area and let the coffee shop stay ?
tr	PAST	She instantly jolted and was able to move again .
tr	PRES	Carmen whispers as she runs out of the bathroom in her wedding dress , and throws herself into her fiancé 's arms .
tr	PRES	Then he clears his throat .
tr	PRES	She rises and walks across the room .
tr	PRES	" All alone , " he sighs , looking at the chess piece but speaking to me .
tr	PAST	He simply rummaged around in a nearby pile of broken lumber and pulled free a short length of wood in a rough shape of a chair leg .
tr	PAST	And , they , too , selected death over loneliness .
tr	PAST	Nick yawned as his exhaustion caught up with him .
tr	PAST	The dragon crouched there , its neck stretched high , its wings unfurled wide , as if readying to take flight .
tr	PRES	" By the gods ! "
tr	PAST	We joked about being at the kids ' table while the adults ate in the other room .
tr	PRES	As her body falls back to the deck , Gwendolyn twirls her other blade about and slices in a downward arc , decapitating the yeoman 's corpse .
tr	PRES	Think she belongs to anyone ? "
tr	PAST	I unzipped the black duffel bag hanging off my shoulder and reached inside .
tr	PRES	Shelby opens the huge doors .
tr	PAST	To Tara 's relief , Matthew resigned and rode beside her .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , right , I don 't do sensible , you should know that by now , " Suzy sniffed .
tr	PRES	The alcohol helps , although it isn 't always a cure .
tr	PRES	" Did you feed ? "
tr	PRES	" Patrick likes working with her , so he wanted to do a scene with her for the producers .
tr	PRES	He taps the outside of my thigh .
tr	PRES	" Oh , fuck , oh , fuck , oh ... fuck ! "
tr	PRES	" This morning we can crash together , ha ha . "
tr	PAST	Ali thrived on stuff like that , seeing just how far she could manipulate people .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven There 's something sexy about a short dress and cowboy boots .
tr	PRES	Then Cooper stops suddenly and looks into my eyes .
tr	PRES	She pushes it open harder than I expect , and it whacks into my knees .
tr	PAST	" That 's right , I almost forgot , " she lied , not even bothering to feign good humor .
tr	PRES	A flashlight shone in his eyes , making all around him even darker .
tr	PRES	" Was Suzie the woman that Ruth had alluded to ? "
tr	PAST	I briefly pondered the fire I was lighting .
tr	PRES	He holds me as if I 'm the most valuable thing on the planet .
tr	PAST	Her fingers strayed to the sword slung by her head , caressed the hilt lightly .
tr	PAST	Little eyes reflected amazement .
tr	PRES	Their glow winked out , one insect at a time .
tr	PRES	" I should punish you for the celibacy you imposed on us , " she teased as he locked the door .
tr	PRES	He falls back into the chair he must have been sitting in earlier .
tr	PRES	A transfer that routed through three accounts before finally ending ... in the Middle East four weeks ago .
tr	PAST	" You drugged her ?
tr	PAST	" The coroner measured it .
tr	PRES	All sports professionals , actors , and writers use " faith , practice and study " to hone their craft .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on his elbows .
tr	PRES	He sees her reaching , the smooth motion of her arm and forearm , appearing .
tr	PRES	Only one that might agree to help Camille .
tr	PAST	I emerged from the apnea gasping for air but not wanting to go back to reality .
tr	PAST	He munched on it merrily until he spotted the net .
tr	PAST	He attempted it while the idiots stood outside of the bathroom while he supposedly bathed .
tr	PAST	" He ambushed me when I stepped off my porch .
tr	PAST	The robot floated off the terrace and hung above the backyard pool for a second before disappearing into the sky .
tr	PRES	But before I can say anything , the door opens up .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the Mexican restaurant , Mariachi , and immediately feel comfortable in the place .
tr	PAST	Wanting her to feel confident , I reassured her before opening the door .
tr	PAST	Lillian pretended to ignore him .
tr	PAST	It appealed to people like Raoul and Jen and Sara .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth and closes it again .
tr	PRES	She loves my little son and by the way his name is James Roy MacDonald .
tr	PRES	For example one time ... " Mom clears her throat .
tr	PRES	The way station then transfers the cargo to a second type of airship that 's designed to go into low Earth orbit .
tr	PRES	" You warn me ?
tr	PRES	' Not the poker !
tr	PRES	A steady set of heavy footsteps rises slowly up the stairs .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	" Unless it 's the ghost of Gauss haunting me . "
tr	PRES	" Uncle Rafe ! "
tr	PRES	As if I 'm not standing in front of two corpses .
tr	PAST	the pilot hollered above the strained wail of the rotors .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on her mouth for a moment , but then he went on in a dry and detached tone .
tr	PRES	I assume Raven wasn 't the man 's real name . "
tr	PAST	Because I may still be working on putting myself back together again , but I 'm doing it , one painful piece at a time .
tr	PAST	Ruben exhaled in irritation .
tr	PAST	Our breath glowed white under the security lights .
tr	PRES	she whispers , eyes wide .
tr	PRES	A grin creeps across his face .
tr	PRES	she asked , eyes gleaming as she extended her arm and crooked her finger toward him , beckoning him to come to her .
tr	PAST	I instructed my men to remain there , out of sight , until the assassin or assassins reveal themselves .
tr	PAST	The cornfields swayed and parted as the first figure emerged from the crops .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Katie ?
tr	PAST	" The prophecy named you as the person who needed to collect the information from Darian .
tr	PAST	Momma Oaks soon interpreted my weariness correctly .
tr	PAST	We hopped a cart after about two hours of walking , and I shut my eyes for a while , never sleeping in true .
tr	PRES	The ball pulses for a few seconds .
tr	PAST	He exhaled with deliberation .
tr	PRES	' OH NO ! '
tr	PRES	It suddenly occurs to me that we 're standing still on the sidewalk , quite obviously staring .
tr	PRES	" Ed McCarthy ? "
tr	PAST	He pretended as if I 'd just the most scandalous thing in the world .
tr	PRES	It bothers her for some reason .
tr	PRES	The image fades and I know it is because the woman in the vision is gone , at least her body is .
tr	PAST	" Then I guess I 'll just come out , " a voice boomed from behind the rock .
tr	PRES	The president frowns slightly .
tr	PRES	He offers , grabbing my butt and rolling until he 's on top of me .
tr	PAST	" Then even at a fast march it will take us the best part of a day to reach the camp , " Wallace calculated .
tr	PRES	Some misses his mouth and I watch with fascination as it rolls slowly down his chin .
tr	PAST	" Well , I panicked and didn 't exactly stick around to chitchat .
tr	PAST	The far side of the bridge exploded in a blast of sandstone and mortar .
tr	PRES	Grinder clears his throat again .
tr	PAST	Windows from nearby buildings shattered with my cry .
tr	PRES	whether seen or unseen , a brilliant clarity .
tr	PAST	Heat coiled in her as his mouth moved over her pulse again .
tr	PAST	Levana cinched the belt tight , then stood there , shaking with anger , as she watched him pull on his boots .
tr	PRES	And they probably stank too .
tr	PRES	" Silence , wench .
tr	PAST	A counter in deep red curved around the west wall , the glass over the edge dusty from abandonment .
tr	PRES	Becca pushes two pieces of bread in the toaster before folding her arms .
tr	PAST	An image of her in a cotton nightshirt with a silky red thong underneath blazed to life .
tr	PAST	" Try it on , Mom , " the boys urged .
tr	PAST	I chimed in a Bing Crosby voice , throwing my hands toward her theatrically .
tr	PAST	She froze as she tried to figure out if she had fresh cause for alarm .
tr	PAST	The Gray Jewel glowed softly as he pulled the covers back to let her in .
tr	PRES	" Almost as if something is physically surrounding you .
tr	PAST	Brick squinted for a better view .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens as if she wanted to say something else then aborts the effort .
tr	PAST	The stars twinkled in the fading night sky , and the pebbles caressed my feet , smooth and cold .
tr	PAST	He relayed the message .
tr	PRES	The man clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " Ryan reaches up and scratches at the scruff around his face .
tr	PAST	A boy exploded out of his chair as if someone had lit a fire under his butt .
tr	PAST	A hundred colors painted patterns in the sky .
tr	PRES	" It helps that I have the world 's best study partner . "
tr	PRES	Lucas begins laughing , " Yes , but if this ever happens again , don 't walk up behind me so quietly .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself , and holding the spear well down the shaft , lowered the fish down toward the writhing hole .
tr	PAST	He lands hard next to me .
tr	PRES	A wave of vertigo washes over me .
tr	PAST	I carefully collected samples from my entire journey .
tr	PRES	After letting out a pitched sigh he returns to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	The Ageless intervened by casting a spell on me , effectively throwing me to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Just let me wash my hands . "
tr	PAST	She gently unfolded the bundle in her arms , focusing on an infant .
tr	PRES	Holly 's face falls a bit .
tr	PAST	The policeman crumpled to his feet and submerged under a wave of furious fans .
tr	PRES	He mutters something about Rob going crazy .
tr	PRES	" The satellite . "
tr	PRES	" I assume you haven 't met Elizabeth and Evelyn yet . "
tr	PAST	With an effort , Gaius regained command of his temper and regarded the tiny female with a mocking smile .
tr	PRES	Her body damp and sated ... " Cass , I 'm starting to get worried . "
tr	PAST	All of it swirled together into a tight knot he wasn 't sure he could loosen .
tr	PAST	" He acted as if no price was too high .
tr	PAST	Hippolytus concurred with my plan .
tr	PRES	He strikes me as someone who plays many levels of a chess game while always wearing a smiling face . "
tr	PAST	He clasped my nape in his free hand .
tr	PAST	Conny 's laughter boomed and then faded as he walked away .
tr	PAST	Cole cocked his head toward Jeff , speaking in a whisper .
tr	PRES	She also learns of a murder back home in Ohio and soon finds out she 's wanted for questioning .
tr	PAST	I ' d swung too hard , hitting the ball over the fence .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , you ´ re totally right , " Dante whispers back .
tr	PRES	The handler lets go of my elbow and smiles sympathetically .
tr	PAST	His bushy eyebrows matched the white fluff around the sides of his head .
tr	PRES	His thumb draws circles on my back .
tr	PAST	Are you committed to coming with us ? "
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	John and his team including Marie and her support group piled into the dark coloured transit and sped off towards Bermondsey Tube Station .
tr	PAST	Carts and waggons of all sizes circled the outer perimeter of the plain , carrying more provisions than the army would need to get through a month .
tr	PRES	" What objects ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted it , but hope was a silly thing .
tr	PRES	Time slows , becomes impossible to measure .
tr	PRES	" Just a little bit exclusive . "
tr	PRES	" Such magnificent inspiration ! "
tr	PAST	Georgie refrained from reminding him that she hadn 't been his girlfriend since they got married in his wardrobe when they were eight .
tr	PAST	Tessa fled from the room .
tr	PRES	It brings her bad fortune . "
tr	PRES	" I crushed your corsage . "
tr	PAST	Morton zoned in on a pair of gloves found near the shotgun .
tr	PAST	The question exploded around me , and I realized we 'd reached a turning point .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	And to answer your earlier question , He loves your people and wants you kept safe because He created you .
tr	PRES	Lennox touches his temple .
tr	PAST	With his eyes open to thin slits , his lashes fanned the skin under his eyes .
tr	PAST	My heart nearly exploded inside my chest , desperate to be near him .
tr	PAST	When she was finished , she slapped the card down onto the tabletop .
tr	PRES	" Henry , " I cal out .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth , closes it , and opens it again .
tr	PAST	Realizing what I had said , I clasped my hands over my mouth and backed off .
tr	PRES	" For what , Dr. Blackstone ? "
tr	PRES	I certainly disapprove of any more changes contrary to our interests .
tr	PAST	They cuffed both of the women .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned the top of his shirt and took the pendant out to glance at .
tr	PRES	" And once again , pop culture misses the truth .
tr	PAST	She doubted he 'd welcome her with open arms .
tr	PAST	He smacked his lips .
tr	PAST	His hand fisted in his pocket .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think eating would be appropriate at this moment , " Tyler comments .
tr	PAST	The bone had sliced through his skin , the edges jagged , chips missing .
tr	PRES	" You got that right , " I mutter , still reeling from her revelation .
tr	PRES	While looking for Gael , I discover that Jack has his own office too .
tr	PRES	' Too scary to imagine ? '
tr	PAST	McDougal shuffled up to the iron bench next to the spigot and set his load of paraphernalia on the sidewalk .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't ask , " JD said simply , then with a smug tone continued , " Got the door , activating MAP device now .
tr	PRES	You scare me to death when your heart tries to work so hard .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a large glass table with four chairs .
tr	PRES	Timothy stands up and walks to the counter to grab his math book .
tr	PAST	Hannah squinted up at Mr. Bundy 's pleasant , open face , marveling at the difference between this man and the man she despised .
tr	PRES	She likes me and I 'd like to keep it that way .
tr	PRES	Here , let 's wash it again with soap and put some disinfectant on it . "
tr	PAST	I crawled on the floor to the windows .
tr	PAST	Both pilots saluted , turned and left .
tr	PRES	My heartbeat speeds up , I become unusually aware of my lips , like they 've been activated for duty , and I flush .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something I couldn 't understand and inhaled sharply .
tr	PAST	They stripped my clothes off and dressed me .
tr	PAST	The smell of fresh rolls mingled with the inevitable odors of pent-up horses .
tr	PAST	Despite its translucency , the mirror reflected Carey 's own image back to her faultlessly .
tr	PAST	Zarah cringed at the memory of her conversation with Rashid .
tr	PAST	Chapter 21 Katy I stood quickly , palming the gun .
tr	PRES	The death certificate states that he died of a massive heart attack , but I believe otherwise .
tr	PRES	Carter pushes me toward the haunting blue flame , licking at me with its strange cool tongue .
tr	PRES	" You freak out over things like that , " Ty mumbled .
tr	PRES	My voice cracks and I scramble to my feet .
tr	PRES	It draws to itself some intangible variety of magic , which adheres like condensation , suspending disbelief , and dissipates with the morning sun .
tr	PAST	More , " she begged , wrapping her legs around his hips .
tr	PAST	she inquired , her teeth bit her bottom lip again to stop it from trembling and she accidentally nipped his thumb .
tr	PAST	His chest was broad and sculpted , a light brushing of dark hair on his pectorals .
tr	PRES	Big D stands taller .
tr	PRES	Why the fuck not ?
tr	PRES	And he begins , of all things , to cry .
tr	PRES	" That I was , brave soul .
tr	PAST	She circled back and pressed her head against my shin .
tr	PAST	He trusted me to keep his secrets .
tr	PRES	" How delightful . "
tr	PRES	I rip it away just in time .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " she whispers against my mouth , and I pull back .
tr	PRES	I 'm about ready to go to bed , " she announces , not sure if he hears .
tr	PRES	Another one pushes the fucker .
tr	PAST	Joe wielded the board like a broadsword , but the zombie skaters seemed thoroughly unimpressed .
tr	PRES	He touches his forehead .
tr	PAST	The parentheses deepened around her mouth .
tr	PAST	Pulling up at the thrift shop , Chloe busted out laughing at Becky 's emotional meltdown .
tr	PRES	Ethan tries to untangle the lines , avoiding my gaze .
tr	PAST	Pete jabbed his fork at his plate .
tr	PAST	Bern was going to lead it , standing exposed fifty yards away , fearless in his body armor and confident in his firepower .
tr	PRES	Your contract remains unsigned and undelivered .
tr	PRES	He sees me and shouts me over .
tr	PRES	" It lacks the proper scientific approach and proofs . "
tr	PRES	She loves you and you left her ! '
tr	PRES	" It 's to last the week , captain .
tr	PAST	Spock wagged his tail .
tr	PRES	" Back off the hormones , buddy .
tr	PRES	Bending down , he hugs his father and utters a soft plea .
tr	PRES	Dane opens the window and slows down .
tr	PRES	" Panama City Beach .
tr	PRES	Tomorrow , when he " d had his fill , he " d be gone .
tr	PRES	" Therein lays the problem . "
tr	PRES	Ula leaned forward , the smile vanishing from her face .
tr	PRES	" If you call this retirement . "
tr	PRES	A lock of dark hair fel over his forehead as he bent his head , offering his condolences .
tr	PRES	This wedding garment my soul affects : so shall I be found without spot when the Master of the feast comes in to see the guests .
tr	PRES	Everyone calmly exits the spacecraft and I can smell the fresh air already .
tr	PAST	With the station still careening down the slanted shelf , the Ski-Doo regained some of its speed .
tr	PRES	Sandra , a feisty redhead with a mostly concealed Texan drawl , pursed her lips , her brows rising expectantly as she glanced around the room .
tr	PRES	Ahead , the dark shapes of trees , dark shapes that I 'd known for years , only a couple hundred yards ahead .
tr	PAST	But I never dreamed ... " Madeline let her words fall away and tried again .
tr	PAST	" Eyes are up here , " Zane grunted .
tr	PRES	Around his thick neck hung an apron bearing the silk-screened words , " Kiss The Chef . "
tr	PRES	He tries to take my hand and get me to leave the Jeep , but I pull away and cross my arms over my chest protectively .
tr	PAST	Lara visited the South Side , and she felt at home there because of all the ethnic groups : Swedes , Poles , Irish , Lithuanians .
tr	PAST	Without looking at her , Gregori hauled the second of the humans to him , bent his dark head , and fed voraciously .
tr	PAST	" If he 's a crazed lunatic now , he wasn 't always , " countered Tiberius looking at those gathered around the table .
tr	PRES	" What kind of chemicals ? "
tr	PAST	Kennedy meandered to the kitchen , and grabbed a bottle of Jack and poured himself an eight ounce glass .
tr	PAST	Gio tensed instinctively as he was slammed back into reality .
tr	PRES	His eyes flare with heat and I step into him without thinking .
tr	PAST	He floated in a gray fog that prevented his thoughts from mooring onto anything solid , as if he slept in a twisted dream .
tr	PAST	She pretended to be asleep .
tr	PAST	Leopold cowered , but he dared not move .
tr	PRES	" Because you belong to me .
tr	PAST	A lone warrior , grizzled with age , and carrying his spear with its head downward in token of peace , advanced from the main horde .
tr	PRES	Since we 're born of magic , for the most part we wield it painlessly .
tr	PRES	But all these actions he had performed mechanically .
tr	PAST	" One of the bullies working for Mrs. White was peeking in the window , " Nate reported .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something in an ancient language and raised his pinky .
tr	PRES	She mumbled a spell and a few seconds later , after a whirl of colors blinded me , I found myself in another bedroom .
tr	PAST	Sitting up , Cassie regarded him with a narrowed gaze .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to miss her , " Tara sobbed in Duncan 's arms .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted in my seat .
tr	PRES	It evidently carries information that I am not privy to .
tr	PRES	That gorge almost swallowed the country for two long centuries .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat and turned around , heading back to the three police cars serving as the roadblock .
tr	PAST	An explosion engulfed his insides as rage roared through him and he seized upon it to ride it upwards .
tr	PAST	Fear lanced through her so sharply and completely that she felt a sudden tingling in every part of her body .
tr	PRES	Max begins to wonder if he 's forgotten that he 's there .
tr	PRES	Just try to be cooperative , Jess . "
tr	PAST	Even though I saw an r , I pretended not to .
tr	PRES	A soft breeze pushes the umbrella back and forth .
tr	PRES	For the first time , she frowns at me .
tr	PRES	" Please , Ford , " she begged again .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , hands flat on the counter , my palms sliding across the cool surface of the kitchen island .
tr	PRES	She folds her hands and leans forward .
tr	PRES	" And he loves our kids as much as I do . "
tr	PAST	I eyed Thumbs and he grinned .
tr	PRES	" Your uncle Theodore . "
tr	PAST	My wolf 's ears perked and I shifted slightly .
tr	PRES	" You and your special favors !
tr	PAST	Taking it , I braced myself for the next step in my life .
tr	PAST	But how your parents wept for their son and their daughter . "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't she magnificent ? "
tr	PAST	As the head swung around , the giant mouth yawned open , and huge teeth filled the jaw .
tr	PAST	Dean cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled as he mimicked her .
tr	PAST	She stiffened up in shock and slowly he pushed past the workers , moving through towards Section Five .
tr	PRES	" But I can try , " I mutter and sit up , tossing the pillow off my lap .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , and Julia welcomed the moment of levity .
tr	PAST	A stint in the merchant shipping world padded out his retirement pension until he felt the family 's financial future was secure .
tr	PRES	" Only two heroes . "
tr	PRES	Rachel gazes at me as if I 'm a dream .
tr	PAST	We hooked up once , and that was just because he got drunk at Solomon 's at the Ren Wrap Party . "
tr	PRES	But not the slaves .
tr	PRES	After a few seconds of me staring and Zach saying nothing , the room returns to normal .
tr	PAST	We exited onto our floor and were buzzed through the glass doors .
tr	PRES	A particle beam narrowly misses Dagger 's tail .
tr	PAST	They reentered the building through the brightly lit door , pulling it closed behind them .
tr	PRES	I stopped , my heart lurching .
tr	PRES	" Not if being romantic means I have to grope my way into rooms like a blind man , " he teased .
tr	PRES	In some cases , it changes what is going in to your eyes , letting you see things you couldn 't normally .
tr	PAST	But then my phone buzzed .
tr	PAST	This man was subtle and smart and he would not be done with him until he got the truth , Adri feared .
tr	PRES	The defensiveness in her voice in no way changes my mind .
tr	PAST	Remorse pricked at my chest , but I slammed the dagger into his chest , above the heart , to the hilt .
tr	PRES	A hot spotlight shone directly on his head , contributing to his headache .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to clap ? "
tr	PRES	" He likes to be angry .
tr	PAST	Ashleigh elbowed her way closer to the First Nun .
tr	PRES	" No longer will they look down on us with scorn .
tr	PAST	I 'll text you if I need you , " I reassured her .
tr	PRES	He glares down into Jennifer 's face .
tr	PAST	Fantasy Island fled away .
tr	PRES	You scout the gate side , " Matt said .
tr	PRES	I assume from punching Dean .
tr	PRES	" Sorry Doc , " Hera states .
tr	PAST	He cleaned the dust from his apartment , a constant battle without victories or beginnings or endings .
tr	PAST	The sophisticated coding that she engendered further complicated my understanding .
tr	PRES	Someone was tugging at me , cal ing my name .
tr	PAST	" Since you 're the Apex of the Pack and you moved the crown up here , " Jeff countered .
tr	PAST	" We simply feared that whatever was put into place decades ago might come to fruition with the reemergence of imperial rule .
tr	PRES	Handing the tainted glass to the king she smiled and proposed a toast to their future , " Here is to what lies ahead ! "
tr	PRES	Hot Guy holds his hand out .
tr	PRES	He sighs and I hear his covers rustling .
tr	PAST	He speculated as to whether he would have been better off never taking the actions he felt were right even though they had a disastrous domino effect .
tr	PRES	She throws her covers off and gets out of bed , then heads straight for the bathroom .
tr	PAST	They glowed softly , filling the room with dim illumination .
tr	PRES	" Forgive me , Lord Rafe , I meant not to intrude . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't box me in , " I warn .
tr	PAST	The assassin regained his footing with little trouble , coming right back for more .
tr	PAST	" Roy , " he mumbled aloud with relief .
tr	PAST	Hank Mill ar posted it . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe they 're busy planning another prank on us , " Ethan mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	He squinted as he tried to see through the peephole on the door .
tr	PRES	" Even your thighs .
tr	PRES	" What about a piece of the collection for the Gold Rush Museum ?
tr	PAST	Still , the man received a lusty cheer as he took the field .
tr	PAST	The boy screeched in excitement , rubbing the dog 's belly with enthusiasm .
tr	PRES	" Molly Pepper . "
tr	PRES	Another minute and a last rip and she fades .
tr	PRES	' With respect Father - superstition . '
tr	PAST	The warrior 's gaze bore into his own like a probing searchlight , leaving no shadows for Chase 's deception to hide in .
tr	PAST	A man calmly exited from one of the collided vehicles .
tr	PAST	Her fingers caressed the tatted lace finishing the edge .
tr	PRES	Finally he slams the helmet on , fastens it , and gets on the bike behind me .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward the house .
tr	PRES	He holds up four fingers .
tr	PRES	And they provide training so that you won 't die out there . "
tr	PAST	He shrank back against the window as his heart rate spiked , triggering the monitors to beep wildly .
tr	PAST	I tensed and went still , forcing myself to remain motionless , rather than leaping across the room and screaming like I wanted to .
tr	PAST	A whirlwind of blue and purple dust swirled .
tr	PAST	He inched into her , stretching her impossibly .
tr	PRES	" Higher concentration ? "
tr	PRES	He talks to the robot who handles the rooms .
tr	PAST	He sat up straight in his seat , muscles bunching with tension under his uniform , long legs tensed for action .
tr	PRES	" Finally , " he breathes , catching his breath before moving over to claim his prize .
tr	PRES	" She loves you , I hope you know , and she has a great deal of joy at the moment . "
tr	PRES	Rooms darken when I bring it up , how one stops being a ghost .
tr	PAST	Ethan protected me , Greg . "
tr	PRES	Gramps pushes his way through the haze .
tr	PRES	" And you were right , " Julie teased .
tr	PRES	She breathes deeply again and turns to face the lingering sunset .
tr	PAST	The soft glow of the morning sun on their eyelids awoke Abe and Shorty .
tr	PRES	... the original source of the breach remains at large within our walls .
tr	PRES	The mother of three and wife to a soldier , she loves chocolate , coffee , and of course good books .
tr	PRES	Life shrinks : what was but a tithe is now the half .
tr	PAST	His brows tugged together as he realized that there was nothing to be seen .
tr	PRES	Connor lets out a grunt as Alec 's weight hits him .
tr	PRES	" Did Henry tel you to say that ? "
tr	PAST	I writhed against it , even as I screamed for more .
tr	PAST	" Brown bear , " Dylan rumbled above them .
tr	PRES	" My god . "
tr	PRES	A hand touches my shoulder , but I don 't look up .
tr	PAST	Never one to miss an opportunity , Butch scampered into the weeds and did his business .
tr	PRES	Died whilst upholding the law .
tr	PAST	I replayed in my head those last few words we 'd exchanged that fateful night , as I 'd already done a hundred times since .
tr	PAST	Seldon yawned , putting his hand over his mouth .
tr	PRES	Holden clears his throat and looks down at me , shifting the weight on his feet .
tr	PRES	I marvel that he 's able to do this after twenty-four hours of abuse and privation .
tr	PRES	" Or maybe even some chocolate . "
tr	PAST	Isabella sensed the hunter 's sudden movement on the staircase .
tr	PRES	Jill stops the video , but she still doesn 't look at me .
tr	PRES	" Downstairs lies my twenty-five year old body .
tr	PRES	" It pays to hang around the police .
tr	PAST	Technology constantly created new techniques in spying and sabotage .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his gun , poking it under my ribs , then nodded once quickly .
tr	PRES	The other remains asleep at present .
tr	PAST	" I wanted him dead , " she stated flatly .
tr	PAST	Most of the servants fled .
tr	PAST	With no choice , he urged Kane onward and followed , pushing through his exhaustion , focusing on his next step through the deep snow .
tr	PRES	And so we , the new citizens of America , stand , nay bask in God 's grace !
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PRES	Claim you , take you home with me , snap a Collar on you , and confine you for endangering all Shifters .
tr	PRES	" Actually ... " Sergio sighed loudly .
tr	PRES	" They preach patience while our citizens starve !
tr	PAST	I thread my fingers in his hair and play with the curls at the nape of his neck .
tr	PRES	" At least tell me about Mr Anderson and the mayor , " I plead .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps hard , and I face front again .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't there a branch in Grand Forks ? "
tr	PRES	If that eases your mind . "
tr	PRES	You belong to me .
tr	PAST	I screeched and let myself go limp .
tr	PAST	Then he guides me toward the passenger door , opens it , and offers me a hand as I slide onto the seat .
tr	PAST	Snowball 's feelings reflected my own because she loved him .
tr	PRES	Can you spare a couple of hours this morning to go over it ? "
tr	PAST	A tall , black-haired man , dressed in a lightweight grey suit , emerged from the front passenger seat .
tr	PAST	I dove back into the cab and yelled at Samuel , " He 's got a rifle !
tr	PRES	" My fiancé . "
tr	PAST	Grabbing a sheet of paper and a pen , Raina scribbled the house number and street and slid the paper across the table .
tr	PAST	In fact , I rather painfully learnt ... after my parents separated ... there was no point in asking him for more . "
tr	PAST	Mr. White 's smile faltered .
tr	PAST	I wouldn 't have let him walk point today if I wasn 't sure of it , " Jon lied .
tr	PRES	Ryan whipped his head around and stared at the machine with a child-like smile .
tr	PRES	Last night - " I cut myself off , not wanting to force Jax to relive the memories .
tr	PRES	Past women gardening , and men riding lawnmowers .
tr	PAST	Waldo pretended not to hear Bill 's aside , but Bubba opened his mouth .
tr	PRES	She was coming out of the glass , her dark eyes gleaming as she chanted words I couldn 't understand .
tr	PRES	Because he deserves to know that someone loves him , even if he doesn 't love me back .
tr	PAST	Every muscle tensed as the vehicles came in view .
tr	PRES	The Welch Corporation , which is actually a partnership between brothers , Steven and Paul , buys failing companies and tries to turn them into profits .
tr	PRES	The wall corner houses three beautiful couples waving arms , swaying skirt tails , tapping heels with fun .
tr	PRES	" I cannot say , Partner Elijah .
tr	PAST	Living in Hart 's house proved to be less distressing than Eleanor had feared , mostly because Hart was rarely in it .
tr	PRES	Out of thin air they would appear right beside one of us and they would attack , killing with one or two strokes before disappearing again . "
tr	PAST	A grin split the boy 's face and he readily agreed .
tr	PAST	I acted rashly , Master . '
tr	PRES	" Excuses , excuses , " he chuckles .
tr	PAST	This will be a good place to stay until we can regroup , " Luther stated .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand for the phone .
tr	PAST	Each engine generated 150 horsepower .
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly over head , and bright , fluffy clouds floated by .
tr	PAST	He risked a peek through barely open eyelids .
tr	PAST	Dmitri slapped his palm to his forehead in exasperation .
tr	PAST	She grappled for her gun .
tr	PAST	" O.K " , Riley replied , grinning from ear to ear .
tr	PAST	A soft knock at the door unleashed a million butterflies in her stomach .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head toward him .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on my bed and opened my backpack to get out the chocolates when I found something shiny .
tr	PAST	The thick aroma of fresh earth and exotic flowers lingered in the air .
tr	PAST	She melded against him , a soft sigh escaping her .
tr	PRES	She points out the window .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PRES	Not the way someone normal chuckles at a hardened Viking girl with more than a few kills under her belt .
tr	PAST	I mean he thinks we 're in southern California , giggled Tessie with a nervous voice .
tr	PAST	I 'm just having a rare moment of clarity , " he joked .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're planning to schedule happy hour every evening ? "
tr	PAST	We race over the top before the dust settles .
tr	PRES	He pushes away from me , frustrated .
tr	PAST	Either way , I gently unwound Sierra 's other arm from around my neck .
tr	PAST	Marta cowered back behind him as she received the same threatening looks from the guards .
tr	PRES	The next Monday , we conclude our discussion of the political repercussions of the DREAM Act of 2011 .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out this morning ?
tr	PAST	Karou feared that they would go into the shop and close the door behind them , trapping her in this strange place .
tr	PRES	" Where he belongs . "
tr	PRES	" So I 've heard , " I scoff .
tr	PRES	Frank glances at me nervously and Jason is rooted to the spot .
tr	PAST	A shooting star chased him down the road .
tr	PAST	" You guys acted like I wasn 't even there . "
tr	PRES	" Out with it , bro ! "
tr	PRES	Watching them chase each other around Kol remembers for a moment that they are all still young .
tr	PRES	" Oh , yeah , " Nina interjected , " 'cause when I think bodyguard , I always think Steve . "
tr	PAST	" When Paul was eighteen , he and his friends stole a car .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , you 're right , " he mutters , turning around in his seat and tilting his head to check out the side window .
tr	PRES	It falls short , laying to rest on his bicep .
tr	PAST	She thanked him but had decided over the weekend that money should be valued by fluid income not static savings .
tr	PRES	I purr , thrusting my h * ps back harder .
tr	PAST	The plane taxied and took off .
tr	PAST	" It was just a misunderstanding , " I mumbled back , even though we both knew I was lying .
tr	PAST	The other Street Masters eyed their leader surreptitiously , knowing that his status with the gang was in serious jeopardy .
tr	PRES	He breathes in through his teeth .
tr	PAST	Elena stomped down on the brake pedal and the buggy screeched to a halt in the middle of the road .
tr	PAST	" You planned this , " she accused .
tr	PAST	Paul neither sped up nor slowed down ; the rain and wind didn 't seem to affect him at all .
tr	PAST	The soft bristles on my skin fanned out the thick paint , smoothing it .
tr	PAST	Though he tried to hide it , Josh stiffened .
tr	PRES	I lean down and whisper the threat .
tr	PAST	The man collapsed without another sound , and Malcolm slowly turned around .
tr	PAST	He had readied his body as much as his mind by taking Tae Kwon Do classes three times a week .
tr	PRES	She shone the torch within and a man staggered out .
tr	PRES	And no one wears corsets or stays or much of anything except shorts under them . '
tr	PAST	" Dr. Mark Goddard .
tr	PAST	Show me a punch , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	She collects it monotonously and resumes tapping her keyboard .
tr	PAST	Out in the sunshine , Lydia squinted as she adjusted to the light .
tr	PAST	The horse alighted on the road , and Buddy slipped off into the mud .
tr	PAST	In forty-five minutes , I 've scribbled down so many words that they start to lose meaning .
tr	PAST	She exhaled a quivering breath and brushed her cheeks free of moisture .
tr	PAST	A single , black obelisk extended into the sky .
tr	PAST	She resigned , and left with a feeling of complete failure .
tr	PRES	" Don 't make the affair more disagreeable than it need be , Lydia .
tr	PRES	He holds her backpack as she climbs out of his truck .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , ' It 's a relief , isn 't it ?
tr	PRES	But the third time , I think I had an orgasm , " Miriam whispers .
tr	PAST	As his mouth moved on hers , she hooked her fingers around the waistband of his sweatpants and tugged at the drawstring .
tr	PAST	Mel presses her fingers to her lips , telling me to be quiet .
tr	PAST	None of the kids ever moved away , none ever transferred to a different school .
tr	PRES	They chew straws or smoke cigarettes in a surreptitious fashion .
tr	PAST	Digging my knees in , I powered off the ground and threw the spider .
tr	PRES	" Curtis , you still in there ? "
tr	PRES	She swears she didn 't do it , and it damn sure wasn 't me . "
tr	PRES	Lennox 's wide jaw begins to grind .
tr	PRES	Disabling prey with an electrical volley .
tr	PRES	She collects one of my pillows from the trunk and hugs it tightly .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so sorry , " he whispers , before kissing me .
tr	PRES	He lets go of me and slams the bathroom door .
tr	PAST	William saluted back and nodded to Ellen .
tr	PAST	Rebecca cleaned her combs and scissors before looking up .
tr	PAST	Instead , I matched his serious air .
tr	PAST	He washed his hand carefully , thoroughly .
tr	PRES	" Two blocks north .
tr	PRES	" Could you describe what you mean ? "
tr	PRES	That urge to touch him , hug him , almost overwhelmed her .
tr	PAST	With a sigh , she dumped them down the garbage disposal , set the pan aside and opened a window .
tr	PAST	Nothing flashy about Wil , just neat and tidy white shirt , slacks generally fawn and content in dark tan shoes .
tr	PAST	His eyes sparked with amusement and desire , a smile curved the edges of his hard , full mouth .
tr	PRES	My body shone through the blood she was dripping on me .
tr	PRES	" I do not have one big enough , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Time slowed down , almost stopped .
tr	PAST	Brand awoke in the light of a blazing fire .
tr	PRES	Shanna prints off the business cards for the clothing store on something similar , and it costs a freaking fortune every time . "
tr	PRES	He begins the swim out to the dock , and I cross my arms over my bikini top as I watch him .
tr	PRES	' Oh , to be young again , eh , Maria ? '
tr	PAST	Kisses approved and ordained by God , himself , and not a soul in the world can contest our efforts .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled as I forced a smile .
tr	PAST	I unfolded my arms , feeling the need to take the defensive .
tr	PRES	" We need some feathers , " she mutters .
tr	PAST	I clutched his collar tightly , finally letting him hold me .
tr	PAST	If I didn 't have my own amazing husband , I wouldn 't be nearly as happy for you , " Jasmine joked with her .
tr	PAST	The gun wavered in my hands .
tr	PRES	My first class passes quickly , a hurricane of miniature tutus bounding around the room .
tr	PAST	I dialed as fast as I could .
tr	PRES	" As the Lady wishes . "
tr	PRES	Push her against the sink .
tr	PRES	She sees that there is only one way to achieve what she wants .
tr	PAST	" I know what 's going on here , " he accused in a knowing tone .
tr	PRES	Elegant , understated , sophisticated .
tr	PAST	The very heart that seemed to have trouble beating without Katherine near .
tr	PAST	Annie cringed at the anger in his voice .
tr	PRES	Lily frowned , her brows drawing together .
tr	PRES	" Nelly likes me .
tr	PRES	I text Elle to make sure she still wants to go .
tr	PRES	The hooded guy signals for the guards to move forward and to stay clear of the area .
tr	PAST	Adam exclaimed , " Don 't you ! "
tr	PRES	The same man who brought the stool brings a cigarette box to her !
tr	PRES	" But he owes me months of back child support . "
tr	PAST	" Mademoiselle Rousseau attempted to seduce me . "
tr	PAST	" A few weeks ago , one of the patrols in sector four reported some building activity near the river .
tr	PAST	She tugged off her boots and pulled the liners out to dry .
tr	PAST	Even though we weren 't just sharing nights anymore , I still joked sometimes about our arrangement .
tr	PRES	" I ate well but I barely survived the day , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Her duty to Andor outweighed her duty to the White Tower .
tr	PAST	' ID , please , ' she droned .
tr	PRES	He pops the aspirin into his mouth and washes them down with a sip of water .
tr	PAST	" I got a new client today , " I announced .
tr	PAST	I stowed away my anger over his insubordination and united with my vessel .
tr	PAST	He collapsed onto the floor .
tr	PAST	Ash curved his fingers around my legs , opening them wider .
tr	PRES	With a look of absolute fear Od slowly turns to see Freyja standing behind him , instantly Od falls in love with her all over again .
tr	PAST	My muscles seized up .
tr	PAST	He mirrored her position , almost close enough for his knees to brush hers .
tr	PAST	Zeus inhaled slowly and then asked , " Why me ? "
tr	PAST	I scribbled a note : Ryan - Thanks again for the loan .
tr	PRES	He disappears and I can hear him fumbling around with the equipment before he drops back down next to me , holding the phone out .
tr	PAST	Gregor hopped off and onto something soft and spongy .
tr	PRES	It allows Momma the time to explain in more detail what Daddy means when he says the things he does .
tr	PRES	I lay on my stomach with my head over the edge so I could watch him , my chin resting on the backs of my fingerless gloves .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be tasting this soon , " he whispers , teasing my entrance with one fingertip .
tr	PRES	My handsome , charming , and wonderful Tony .
tr	PRES	They expose the radioactive core and the whole thing powers up . "
tr	PAST	After another agonizing five minutes , the helicopter banked away , and the thump of its rotors slowly faded .
tr	PAST	She received her orders from commanders and made sure those orders were executed .
tr	PRES	The Shrine announces suddenly and loudly over loud speakers hidden in the corridor walls .
tr	PAST	I twirled her small body again , and her dress swished against my legs .
tr	PAST	White lights glowed from behind black plastic , spelling out the name of the station and the entrance 's street location .
tr	PRES	He offers a warm embrace , and I take it .
tr	PRES	" Within lies the true heart of the Bloodline . "
tr	PAST	In the ad , my landlord described it as cozy with historic charm .
tr	PAST	" You 'll need to go to the chemist 's to get a pregnancy test , " Mother stated , not lifting her eyes from her book .
tr	PAST	* * * Simon washed the dishes and swallowed impatience .
tr	PAST	A small smile tugged unexpectedly at the corners of Tasha 's mouth .
tr	PAST	it screeched , and the monster rose up like a snake preparing to strike .
tr	PRES	And suddenly his face changes .
tr	PAST	The smell of burnt clothes and flesh mingled with the metallic scent of blood .
tr	PRES	" What fits ? "
tr	PAST	She mumbled a hasty thanks to the nobles for their invitation and generosity .
tr	PAST	I flicked them on .
tr	PAST	She appealed to him with those incredible eyes , and for the first time , Preston noticed how pale and drawn she was under that tan .
tr	PRES	" What photo ? "
tr	PAST	People feared him , and rightfully so .
tr	PAST	A warning chill crawled across Kali 's skin .
tr	PAST	Spencer gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	He refuses to blame me for what has happened .
tr	PRES	' Sounds divine . '
tr	PRES	" I don 't think so , " I protest .
tr	PRES	On the right , the foyer opens up to a huge living room .
tr	PAST	I sensed another one soon after that .
tr	PAST	" We 'll make sure you get a beautiful ketubah , " Mrs. Roth beamed , referring to the actual contract we would sign at the wedding .
tr	PAST	" Of course they weren 't , " he scoffed , finishing off half his glass in one long swallow .
tr	PAST	Will squinted at me over the top of his sunglasses .
tr	PRES	And damn Jess for telling Lambert about her abilities .
tr	PRES	Returning to the bar , Phil opens the inconspicuous door to the network closet .
tr	PAST	She slapped me , and I sighed at the stinging burn of it .
tr	PRES	She anxiously chews on her fingernails .
tr	PRES	then he points his weapon at the girl , " terminate ! "
tr	PRES	" What if who melts ? "
tr	PAST	Walter 's frown deepened , but he glanced into the darkness of the cave and gave him the barest of nods .
tr	PAST	A purple powdery haze lingered in the air .
tr	PRES	" In the mountains of northern Afghanistan , " he states .
tr	PAST	As testament to his diligence , all across the open courtyard , wooden pikes bore the heads of the last defenders .
tr	PAST	She slapped the stick on a table to gain her students ' attention .
tr	PAST	Her mount slowed , then came to a stop , the other horses following suit .
tr	PRES	Are you saying you don 't believe those stories , Carey ? '
tr	PAST	He cocked his head as if assessing her mettle and walked a small circle around her .
tr	PAST	Dispatch relayed the information on the radio .
tr	PRES	He flicks his cigarette over the edge and then rests his arms on top of the railing .
tr	PAST	Haile chimed in ruining the scene as usual .
tr	PRES	He snorts cocaine off the table then shakes his head and grins .
tr	PAST	He inches closer , slowly , not taking his eyes off me .
tr	PRES	Talk to you later , doll . '
tr	PAST	She hooked her good ankle around his hips , driving him deeper inside of her .
tr	PAST	Finally though , Christian said , " You handled him well . "
tr	PAST	" Forget it , Isla , " he countered emphatically .
tr	PRES	" City lass . "
tr	PAST	The ox collapsed to its knees , too tired to twitch away the flies .
tr	PAST	" Just a precaution , Ian , " Charles reassured me .
tr	PAST	His square jaw matched his thick eyebrows perfectly .
tr	PRES	In fact , the last provision states that without our cooperation the entire project is null and void . "
tr	PRES	And we urge the camera crews to keep the robots out of frame as much as possible . "
tr	PRES	The man falls to the ground .
tr	PAST	Did you quit cold turkey on flying and coasters at the same time ? "
tr	PAST	Blackness wavered once more .
tr	PAST	A wicked smile curved at her lips .
tr	PRES	The circle of fey hissed and flowed toward us , claws reaching out , mouths gaping .
tr	PAST	He produced her check as the words left her lips .
tr	PRES	Tessa inquired , fal ing into step beside the other girl .
tr	PRES	" For you , Chloe .
tr	PRES	" Your confession , such as it is , delights me , Victoria . "
tr	PAST	" Actually , I 've been thinking about doing exactly that , " he announced .
tr	PAST	His words washed over me like ice water and I stepped back away from him as if he 'd just slapped me .
tr	PRES	Small Talk takes the rifle away and hands me a plasma pistol like the ones Bad Day uses .
tr	PAST	After your fleet withdrew I ... found your assassin .
tr	PRES	" I can 't hold on -- " " NOW ! "
tr	PRES	Mara lifted her head , nostrils flaring , but said nothing .
tr	PAST	Instead , he tarnished his reputation from opening another front in Iraq .
tr	PRES	Once he detaches it from her ear , she lets out a sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens , and various shades of gold ripple through her ethereal body .
tr	PRES	she breathes , but she squirms against my hand , so I push a little harder .
tr	PAST	A piece of concrete exploded near my head and I spun away as fast as I could .
tr	PRES	She sat propped against the pillows , new lines ringing her eyes and mouth .
tr	PRES	" If for any reason something goes wrong , or you just feel uneasy about something , press zero on the phone and I 'll respond .
tr	PAST	Fear coiled inside her .
tr	PRES	Thus explains the equal distance between the two towns from that point , and the approximate location of latitude on a geographical map .
tr	PRES	Dax throws the piece of pig skin through the air toward me .
tr	PRES	" Both of you shove off ! "
tr	PRES	" Your strikes are unfocused , " he snaps one night as he teaches me the basics of sparring with a wooden sword .
tr	PRES	" It was so easy , Mitch .
tr	PRES	Chapter 26 " Today we 're going to work on all of the Combat skills you have learned up to this point , " Kale announces .
tr	PRES	Messick relaxes a little .
tr	PRES	" In the Recorder Hall . "
tr	PAST	Zack exclaimed , grinning .
tr	PAST	She tugged on a silver chain around her neck and held up a small pendant .
tr	PRES	" Umm , when I was about six , " I teased as I nudged his shoulder with mine .
tr	PRES	He tries to pull her around .
tr	PAST	I pretended to look embarrassed for him .
tr	PRES	Right there , behind her closed eyelids , they danced and exploded .
tr	PAST	When Brett shoved Lukas and Lukas got in his face , my stomach churned .
tr	PAST	It really tormented him .
tr	PRES	" If he wishes to discuss the case -- " " He 's holding a gun on you , Max .
tr	PAST	Natalie scrolled through her contacts until she came to her aunt 's number .
tr	PAST	At first he chalked it up to her pregnancy .
tr	PRES	" Those are shutters we close over the windows when it rains , " the old medicine man points out , gesturing towards them as he speaks .
tr	PAST	Joe 's eyes rotated disconcertingly in my direction .
tr	PRES	He pushes me again .
tr	PRES	He slides out his pocket knife .
tr	PAST	Jenny exclaimed , stumbling as her slipper caught in a vine and then recovering , running beside him .
tr	PRES	" It remains unknown , though most believe that they returned to the sky as spirits , riding forever in the wind and the clouds . "
tr	PRES	" Talk to me , Diana .
tr	PRES	Not a trace remains . "
tr	PRES	My mouth fills with sand and I can barely swallow .
tr	PRES	" Hello Trapper , I didn 't even notice you swim up . "
tr	PRES	She begins digging in her pouch again .
tr	PRES	Vampires feed off humans .
tr	PRES	" Ah , lass , you drive me mad . " " '
tr	PRES	My head snaps in her direction as I try to rewind and see if maybe I was really thinking my thoughts aloud .
tr	PAST	The road is blackened by explosions , the avenue utterly destroyed .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she cheered and grinned up at him .
tr	PRES	How , I mean , how ... " " Ha !
tr	PRES	We praise you , we bless you , we worship you , we glorify you .
tr	PRES	Isaiah swears under his breath .
tr	PAST	With a few deft strokes he created a knot of tension low in her belly .
tr	PRES	Why a book of matches ? "
tr	PRES	Please , I need to do something , it is unbearable , " Lance begs .
tr	PAST	Sun Good squinted in disbelief at what she witnessed .
tr	PRES	I pump my fist as we jog back to the sidelines , where I grab Henry by the jersey .
tr	PRES	Jem owes nothing to anyone .
tr	PAST	' It was my fault , ' she uttered .
tr	PAST	Mia squealed , even though it was quite apparent that she loved being right where she was .
tr	PRES	Xe taps his hand .
tr	PAST	He limped to the driver 's side door of the 1984 black Cadillac , slid behind the wheel and brought the beast to life .
tr	PRES	A faint light shone underneath the door , but the voice came from inside her cell .
tr	PRES	When I hear the soft shuffle of bare feet on hardwood , I crack my lids .
tr	PRES	" Not until I tire of your company . "
tr	PAST	I fanned through the pages of the program , curious who the actors were , expecting not to recognize any names .
tr	PAST	Avalon claimed Jericho had to come for my protection and all that , but I knew better .
tr	PAST	" Of all the damn , rotten luck ... " " Drop the gun , Marshall .
tr	PAST	She sensed anger restrained within his grasp .
tr	PAST	He leaped back , swearing .
tr	PAST	" It mustn 't ask us , " shrieked Gollum .
tr	PRES	' Against each other , you idiot . '
tr	PAST	Damn it , he trusted Neil .
tr	PRES	The body hit the floor of the old silo in a heavy thump of flesh and bone , the chain rattling down behind it .
tr	PRES	I drag the tip along the straight edge of his teeth until I feel the brush of his tongue , hot and slick .
tr	PAST	Isaac twirled one of the two steering wheels .
tr	PAST	At the very least , the current engagement required another eight squads of Militia Warriors .
tr	PRES	he screamed over and over again , his rage startling even him .
tr	PRES	It signals the end of my " trip , " which really isn 't a trip at all .
tr	PAST	" Twenty , " the girl sobbed .
tr	PAST	Once more she fled -- a city in flames at her back .
tr	PAST	When he lifted his head to attend to her other breast , the scrap of lace floated freely to the ground .
tr	PAST	The smaller man instantly froze .
tr	PRES	She stretches over and turns on the lamp on the nightstand .
tr	PRES	A fierce protectiveness washes over me and I have to grip down hard to keep myself from rushing out right now to attack Shockey .
tr	PAST	The question burning in my mind for the last forty-eight hours finally snaked its way out of my throat .
tr	PAST	Ty grunted at Zane .
tr	PAST	Jared joked but I could see the worry in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Once Abel felled a doe with his arrow and tracked the carcass to the cave .
tr	PRES	Julian begins to reach for me , and I take a step backward .
tr	PRES	" And brighter lights . "
tr	PAST	A humble smile tugged at the corner of her mouth .
tr	PAST	The stretcher bearers attended the injured man and deduced it didn 't look like an accident , oh , here they are now . "
tr	PAST	He adjusted his tie , loosening it around his neck .
tr	PAST	" Oh , my god , " Rhys cheered .
tr	PAST	She toyed nervously with the drawstring of her pajama bottoms .
tr	PAST	the Suspicious exclaimed , sounding offended .
tr	PAST	Excitement prowled through his system , making him grip the steering wheel tighter .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed the length of my spine , making me shiver .
tr	PAST	I slapped his arm away , sliding across the seat so he couldn 't reach me .
tr	PRES	" Beware , " I murmur to the others , not wanting to disturb Them .
tr	PAST	He tickled his neck with one finger and said , " Tell Mommy to apologize , Adam .
tr	PAST	Something in me crumpled at the sight , and I must have made a noise .
tr	PAST	Abe and Shorty thanked him again and walked up the paved path through the archway .
tr	PRES	Luke sighs with relief .
tr	PAST	The kick of relief she felt over the possibility of his innocence unsettled her .
tr	PRES	The fact that this is causing him just as much distress lets me know that he understands .
tr	PAST	He lingered for a moment , debating what to do next .
tr	PRES	She glances over at the motorcycle and then back at me .
tr	PAST	Studying the shot , he scrolled across to see the other , his eyes narrowing .
tr	PRES	James glances over , winks , and then does a backflip into the water .
tr	PRES	Homes pushes me aside , wrenching open a first-aid kit .
tr	PAST	" I got a terribly important item here , " he dictated .
tr	PAST	Anakin cocked his head slightly as he walked down the avenue .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Evelyn to be quiet .
tr	PRES	She lets me cover her h * ps with my hands and pull her against me .
tr	PAST	He predicted the great eclipse that occurred yesterday . "
tr	PAST	Leo cringed at the sound of his given name .
tr	PRES	It always helps to know the most effective threat .
tr	PAST	They cleaned the outside of the house .
tr	PRES	No one pays attention to when I come and go .
tr	PAST	" The one Summer You took to Rome . "
tr	PAST	He tipped her face up .
tr	PRES	That was something , a marvel with no compare that she 's been witness to .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	... The peaceful foggy air of Fairbanks Alaska still lingered over the airbase .
tr	PAST	Weakened by fever , lack of breath , and sufficient sustenance , she tired quickly and soon collapsed against him , coughing and shivering .
tr	PAST	Carrie accompanied him to his four-wheel-drive vehicle .
tr	PRES	On the other end of the line , she sighs with resignation .
tr	PAST	The new voice rasped through the ranks of Forgotten , and the faeries drew back , staring at me with blackest hate .
tr	PRES	After about an hour , Neil pops his head out of the back door .
tr	PRES	A thin white spire rises from a thick circular tube like structure .
tr	PRES	Just the highlights since the whole thing would have taken nights .
tr	PRES	She loves hearing about the family . "
tr	PRES	Of course with access to antiretrovirals , HIV hardly kills anyone - we now know this .
tr	PRES	It belongs to their father , but both brothers still live there . "
tr	PRES	" Now we explore . "
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	She pecked me on the lips and left me standing there in the parking lot standing on the line that marked where her car was .
tr	PRES	Makes me relax as well .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of my family .
tr	PRES	" I liked the other shirt , " he comments , his lips tugged up in a half-smile .
tr	PRES	she whispers to me , seeming shocked .
tr	PRES	" Good day to you also , Felix .
tr	PAST	He motioned with his hand , and the musicians struck up a tune .
tr	PRES	She wears my ring and bears my mark .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me as I enter the room with a sleepy smile .
tr	PRES	She gazes toward the window where she can see a single fire , far off in the distance , dancing victoriously against the sky .
tr	PAST	She crouched to his level .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through pieces of paper to see what could be saved and what needed to be scrapped .
tr	PAST	I served him port in the downstairs sitting room .
tr	PAST	Austin froze as she watched the blonde girl pitch forward into Dustin 's chest .
tr	PRES	The sun shone especially bright and strong .
tr	PRES	Dante glances at me as he scrapes the bottom of his bowl with his spoon already , before tossing it into a nearby receptacle .
tr	PAST	But each time she got a text message or the phone rang , her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	' Er , hello ? '
tr	PRES	Great heights and hard surfaces .
tr	PRES	At the moment they exist as particles .
tr	PRES	He glances up , and the sadness in his eyes guts me .
tr	PAST	Rooting in his pocket , he withdrew a keychain attached to a short strand of beads and a few wispy feathers .
tr	PAST	A romantic mist meandered off the river and over the ground , swirling mysteriously in front of her .
tr	PRES	" Colette likes me , MJ ! "
tr	PRES	He pushes Beast off me and pulls me into his arms .
tr	PRES	Ten , eleven , twelve .
tr	PRES	' Shall we queue up too ? '
tr	PAST	The opponent attempted to keep Payton away with a jab , but Payton dodged to the left .
tr	PAST	A cold tingle crawled up his spine as he remembered the sight of her ransacked room .
tr	PAST	Sages sensed danger and saw one of the imported miners with a knife in his hand step forward and try to grab Juanita .
tr	PRES	Immediately the water wraps around him pulling Kol towards his friends until they are standing face to face with him .
tr	PAST	She must have sensed it and responded .
tr	PAST	" Ridiculous , " Otto , the late King Albrecht 's grey-haired military adviser grunted .
tr	PRES	When I lift my eyes to look at him , my heart falls to my feet .
tr	PAST	" Nothing meaning he denied it , or nothing meaning you haven 't talk to him ? "
tr	PAST	Repeated skirmishes and reprisals reduced whole provinces to piles of rubble .
tr	PRES	" Marc Bradley . "
tr	PRES	A low hum of conversation fills the room , as well as the sound of glasses clinking , and silvery laughter of the women .
tr	PAST	He shuffled back to the radio and sat down , trying to recompose himself .
tr	PAST	The canopy of crisp azure adorned in brushstrokes of incandescent white .
tr	PAST	Nora clasped her trembling hands and tried to appear calm .
tr	PAST	I lied and I cheated because that 's what your client understands .
tr	PRES	" His name , " he continued , " his presence , it summons her and she follows .
tr	PAST	The Cherokee provided enough room for only the bare essentials : clothing , television , DVD , computer gear , etc. .
tr	PRES	The answer lies in the strength of Rus and Swede sea power .
tr	PAST	Only certain members of the Palace Guard visited that section ; it was off-limits to everyone else .
tr	PRES	" Figures , " Seth mutters , giving me a sidelong glance , and I offer him a sympathetic smile .
tr	PRES	" I was thinking about it , " Emma mumbled .
tr	PAST	The server produced an order receipt from his apron , laid it on the edge of the table and removed their dirty dinnerware as he left .
tr	PRES	My wife uses your stuff all the time . "
tr	PAST	He motioned to his companion .
tr	PRES	It - " Nicole watched curiously when the woman paused suddenly and moved toward the wall socket beside the water cooler .
tr	PRES	" Rebecca Edwards . "
tr	PRES	The fence towers over us , too high and flexible to climb over , too sturdy to knock down .
tr	PAST	The man persisted , the vein at his temple swollen and throbbing faster than a pulsar .
tr	PAST	After placing a perfunctory kiss on her forehead , Randall instructed Mary Ellen to dress and come downstairs to get something to eat .
tr	PRES	He pays for it all , basically .
tr	PAST	Another new case beckoned , a man electrocuted in his own home in highly suspicious circumstances .
tr	PAST	Styx easily countered , but as he blocked the dagger with his sword Viper shifted to plant a solid kick in the stomach of his opponent .
tr	PAST	We crouched in the grass , trying not to be seen by the passing vehicles .
tr	PAST	Nathan withdrew his knife as he fell .
tr	PAST	" Be okay , Jakob , please be okay , " I mumbled to myself as I ran .
tr	PRES	She stands up and goes to the master bedroom , locking the door behind her .
tr	PAST	Her makeup and clothes provided a sort of shield in her mind .
tr	PRES	One of the kids whispers something .
tr	PRES	She rarely wears any lipstick . "
tr	PRES	" Ivory and baby gorillas .
tr	PAST	Ronan collected their bags and hailed a cab .
tr	PAST	She crouched over him like a deranged , wild creature protecting its prey .
tr	PAST	But I at least provided a distraction ; the wraith pulled its icy hand from my father and turned toward me .
tr	PAST	The little guy 's eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	When the Head went to speak , Screwdriver pricked him with his weapon .
tr	PAST	It certainly resulted in a literal meltdown of a local barn when the male in question had bluntly turned down her awkward advances .
tr	PAST	I grunted in a way that could be interpreted as either yes or no , depending on how the listener was leaning .
tr	PRES	He sighs , but pulls the truck over to the side of the road .
tr	PRES	Alex sighs , reaching for my face , and placing his hand on my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Guess you 'll be spending the day with us for sure , now , " Garrett teased .
tr	PRES	Shaking my head , I lean back in the seat and laugh with her .
tr	PRES	" Absolutely correct ! "
tr	PAST	I clutched the edges of my dress , looking down .
tr	PRES	" I thought I lost you , " Jazz choked , " you idiot . "
tr	PRES	" ... some poor innocent policeman and his mother-in-law .
tr	PAST	The light of the small lamp highlighted the anxiety radiating from her pretty face .
tr	PRES	Cole clears his throat , " I saw Lily , but she wasn 't with Mason .
tr	PAST	I dared not wait any longer to see my new surroundings .
tr	PAST	" You two be careful and keep your guns handy , " Jacob instructed .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , us and the rest of the planet , " I mutter under my breath .
tr	PRES	Moments later my door opens and Lea sticks her head in .
tr	PAST	she asked sternly , floating before me , my bottle clutched in her hands .
tr	PAST	He acted on his own .
tr	PRES	Mom trusts me , after all .
tr	PAST	The men froze when they heard Keeley cry , " Attack !
tr	PAST	Shipley accused Brad of putting the whole plan in jeopardy by bringing me along . "
tr	PAST	Using the tips of her fingers , she toyed with one of the ribs on her plate .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " she sighs .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , one of them is gone , Great misery they have for their companion . '
tr	PRES	Says he is staying in port . "
tr	PAST	Everyone in the room tensed , breathlessly waiting for Lora to continue .
tr	PRES	Rian stands up abruptly , startling me .
tr	PAST	" You 're the big war hero , " he accused .
tr	PAST	they announced in unison as if racing to beat one another .
tr	PAST	The girls proved themselves .
tr	PAST	" Like using a mechanically generated spark to ignite the pilot light in a gas fireplace ? "
tr	PAST	He dared to touch more .
tr	PRES	No more happy , no more hope , especially not for you , " Oscar hisses at him .
tr	PRES	It sees beyond external labels .
tr	PRES	Thunder booms in the background and lightning flashes across the room .
tr	PAST	He walked through his empty field in the dark , his steps muffled by the soft ground .
tr	PAST	She cocked a brow at him but said nothing .
tr	PRES	They discover and examine the complexities inherent in the so-called " simple " life .
tr	PRES	Trystan glances at me from the corner of his eye .
tr	PRES	He opens a drawer and pulls out a vinyl case , which he unwraps on the surface of the desk .
tr	PAST	" I don 't believe you , " she stated to his quiet presence .
tr	PAST	Bo and I exclaimed simultaneously .
tr	PAST	Prudence , who had taken initial refuge from the kerfuffle under a small table , emerged at Ivy 's terrified scream .
tr	PRES	I hope that you can forgive us , " she chokes out , her chest heaving with sobs .
tr	PRES	he says , getting angrier the more he talks .
tr	PAST	I elbowed his ribs , making him elbow me right back .
tr	PAST	A bullet shattered the window of the abandoned storefront behind Forte .
tr	PAST	Thomas circled the creature , jumping in and back again , poking , jabbing , thrusting .
tr	PRES	He winks at me over her shoulder when he says it , though .
tr	PRES	As would millions of Bourbon drinkers worldwide .
tr	PRES	She loves to laugh and tries to make herself smile at least once a day .
tr	PAST	He stiffened at the reference to his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Great heavens ! "
tr	PAST	I slowed , so I could watch the vehicle as I drove by .
tr	PRES	" I doona ken why ye had to stick yer nose in , lass . "
tr	PAST	His gaze strayed toward the cockpit , a familiar , steady focus returning to his eyes .
tr	PAST	With that , he urged his horse to move with more force than normal .
tr	PRES	Brad forgave me , though , and we resumed out relationship .
tr	PRES	After a few more hours together in the cargo hold , Jeff and Jenny snuck out to their bunks to get some sleep .
tr	PAST	Kelly exclaimed , not subtle as we stepped into the elegant Renaissance lobby of the Hotel della Regina .
tr	PRES	As , Julia is speaking to him , his mind begins to open .
tr	PRES	I lean on the edge of the stall , looking in .
tr	PAST	" Trolls , " he stated .
tr	PAST	She exited her new car and clicked the key fob to lock it .
tr	PAST	I dialed his cellphone and waited for him to pick up .
tr	PAST	" Please write your names on the sheets provided , " the facilitator announced through a megaphone .
tr	PRES	" In the name of the Goddess , I banish thee ! "
tr	PAST	He transformed before my eyes , suddenly the concerned and caring stepfather I 'd grown up with .
tr	PRES	" Well , as you know , America 's school year begins in September after three long months of summer vacation . "
tr	PAST	Something tickled at the edge of my memory .
tr	PRES	Apparently alcohol tastes different to different people . '
tr	PRES	" She is someone who looks just like me , " Emma whispers , realizing how crazy that statement sounds .
tr	PAST	" I 'm Sergeant Townley , Jack Townley , " he extended his hand to her .
tr	PRES	' Oh , right , Chris , absolutely ancient so what does that make my Volvo an antique ? '
tr	PRES	Can you crack it ? "
tr	PRES	He bothers me and that ´ s about the only thing he ´ s good at .
tr	PRES	Then we add a person and their character and all their baggage and their needs .
tr	PAST	She reflected my shadow of a doubt with a shade of dark conscience .
tr	PAST	Please let Devon be alive , Julian prayed silently .
tr	PRES	" And he deserves to know . "
tr	PAST	It wasn 't anything overt , just the subtle differences in her outlook and the way she phrased it .
tr	PAST	He flicked the redundant ash into the ashtray .
tr	PRES	We have karate class together and I 've driven her home a few times .
tr	PAST	He washed the foot for a long time but the bleeding did not stop .
tr	PAST	I mumbled quietly to Max .
tr	PRES	I assume the earl told you of our problem ?
tr	PAST	The doctor pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	The zombie nearest him lunged forward , the wooden stake clutched in his fist driving toward Battista 's heart .
tr	PRES	And then she stops , the sound spreading , a light glows , rising .
tr	PRES	Another door opens reveling two men encased in chains being dragged into the room .
tr	PRES	The boy floats over and lays his head on her unmoving shoulder .
tr	PRES	" You are fire , " Rift announces proudly .
tr	PAST	Then she coiled it into that familiar messy bun .
tr	PRES	Her hair falls out .
tr	PAST	Emily cowered against the wall .
tr	PRES	WHAT DID I SAY ?
tr	PAST	I slapped a palm to my forehead .
tr	PAST	After we had picked out some snacks , we thanked her , wished her good night and set out on our return journey back to our cabin .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted in the chair , unsure what to say .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Mrs. Garris .
tr	PAST	Her ears only perked up when she heard the phrase " internal audit . "
tr	PRES	Other causes we shall discuss later on .
tr	PRES	You scare the shit out of me , but you did good .
tr	PRES	The glow beneath my hand flares and then the light fades as the final burst of energy escapes my corporeal confines .
tr	PRES	" A hike ? "
tr	PAST	Riley hooked his kid around the neck and gave him a fatherly squeeze .
tr	PAST	Dear god I want him to touch me .
tr	PAST	He eyed me warily .
tr	PAST	Then , catching himself , he chased after it .
tr	PAST	He swiped his left hand , palm up in a gesture that said it was beyond him to fathom the reason .
tr	PRES	chapter one " Oh , God . "
tr	PRES	He touches my shoulder and I wrench away .
tr	PAST	As though he 'd not suggested anything , I thanked him again and said goodbye .
tr	PAST	The citizens of Winterville emerged from their homes slowly , careful as squirrels .
tr	PRES	Anna slides into the seat beside me .
tr	PRES	I assume you talk to a person and are able to tell whether the fellow is telling the truth or all of it . "
tr	PAST	Should I have lied ?
tr	PAST	I doubted that was entirely correct as the settings at the small table were only set for two .
tr	PAST	He yawned and forced his mind back to what he could handle .
tr	PRES	" Your grace - " " Sebastian , " he stated , sounding bored that she would even bother with using his title .
tr	PRES	She touches his soft fur and feels the tremble in his body .
tr	PAST	The new routines installed themselves into the enhanced code area of user two , and began to propagate throughout the user 's structure .
tr	PAST	Renny , who was the only one with knowledge of the plan , secured some dark wigs for Sarah and her mother to wear .
tr	PRES	" Lord and Lady Merrick . "
tr	PAST	The two melded together like a gentle echo that lingered in the dark air above them .
tr	PRES	My captors hauled me over and shoved me inside , onto a long seat .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " Mike said , as he woke up , " Nice nap ? "
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked up occasionally to take everything in .
tr	PRES	Nora attempts to pull away but then relaxes .
tr	PRES	" Look over at those strange lights in the water , Jaimie , " Kristen points in their direction .
tr	PAST	The dilemma hinged on the fact that the Chinese commander had pulled all his troops onto the San Francisco peninsula .
tr	PAST	Severance 's mouth curved wryly .
tr	PAST	He eyed her closely .
tr	PAST	Nate 's finger zeroed in on the doorbell , but he stopped when Lauren opened the door .
tr	PAST	A warm yellow light glowed between ours , and I bit the inside of my cheek , barely able to stop myself from pulling away .
tr	PAST	He squinted at Longbow 's campfire .
tr	PRES	( E2 enters as a bro and addresses the audience .
tr	PAST	My head buzzed louder when I closed my eyes , propping myself against him .
tr	PAST	I was so scared , I dialed my parents right away .
tr	PRES	I assume that owner was investigated ? "
tr	PAST	Sam outlined the practice plan , and the speeches were over .
tr	PAST	Aiden adjusted the waistband of his basketball shorts as he looked over at the crowd .
tr	PRES	" But in my picture of the freeze , everything freezes , even the life downstream .
tr	PAST	She advanced and reached to steady him but he stepped back again , evading her touch .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands in defense .
tr	PAST	Cronus motioned toward the pieces inside .
tr	PAST	" They 're friends , " Alice reassured me .
tr	PAST	He never faltered in his duty .
tr	PRES	' And for that I sincerely apologise , but it was ten years ago , By Jove !
tr	PRES	" No , baby doll , but you 're going to miss me . "
tr	PRES	A young man with a flowered shirt and flared blue jeans , holds out his hand to Nicole .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the handle , placing his hand over mine , and the knife begins to wiggle .
tr	PAST	After lunch , Edward slowed his pace to match Ben 's , talking about some assignment I knew he 'd already finished .
tr	PRES	This is what you have to go for , your power punch .
tr	PRES	I lean back and look him in the eyes , which are sparkling .
tr	PAST	I rummaged through garbage .
tr	PAST	Then she cleaned the razor and made sure she wiped the sink .
tr	PAST	He relayed the message from Lt. Crane 's office .
tr	PRES	Charlie stops to see if I 'm gettin ' this .
tr	PRES	I lean against the end of the bar , taking in her slim figure .
tr	PRES	" I 'm serious , " he casually comments .
tr	PRES	A mild breeze floats the white curtains like clouds .
tr	PAST	Their officers , seeing the opportunity , signalled for reinforcements .
tr	PRES	" I apologise for thy absence .
tr	PAST	Juliet messed with her chipped nail polish .
tr	PAST	On trembling limbs , she grappled onto a nearby tree and hauled herself upright again .
tr	PAST	Without warning , I flung myself into his arms .
tr	PRES	" Skyla , " Chloe twirls her fingers through her long , dark ponytail .
tr	PAST	Deckard strapped his gear on tighter and took off his climbing boots .
tr	PAST	He seized it , took out a pocketknife , and began to sharpen the point .
tr	PAST	I cringed a bit as she looked about ready to squeal with girl delight .
tr	PRES	To add to our unease , our guide simply announces , " We wait . "
tr	PAST	he inquired in a lilting voice that tugged at her deadened heart .
tr	PRES	" Many strive and to no avail . "
tr	PRES	My heart begins pounding and my breath comes faster , as if I have just run some great race .
tr	PAST	She retreated inside to the fire .
tr	PAST	Everyone giggled at her thick Tennessee accent applied to the French colloquialism , " He sounds like the strong and silent type .
tr	PRES	" Please , say you 'll come , " begged a younger female spirit .
tr	PRES	" Say the spell , " and without a second look he dived back into the water .
tr	PRES	Suddenly he bursts into laughter and asks what makes her think he won 't just keep her jewellery and throw her overboard .
tr	PRES	" Probably , " he breathes the word out .
tr	PAST	She giggled a little .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not mad at you , " he hedged .
tr	PAST	The sea woman fled .
tr	PAST	This proved he 'd been right all along .
tr	PAST	Still , a few lights from neighbors reflected off of wet surfaces , and sure enough a light drizzle continued into the night .
tr	PRES	He stops what he 's doing to lean on the end of the broom and watch me canter by on Dove .
tr	PAST	Sparks fled upward as if seeking to join the stars , and the wicked wizard screamed with glee .
tr	PAST	I giggled , " Well tell me then ! "
tr	PRES	" No , no , keep your seats . "
tr	PRES	I ditch the waiting clothes as well and lean against the washer .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	The sympathy conjured up by her presence vanished at her words .
tr	PAST	As the three of them headed toward the door , Jeremy 's tone revealed he was beginning to see the merit of Alethea 's idea .
tr	PRES	He tries to remember all he knows about magnetic fields , about radio waves and radar weaponry .
tr	PRES	Several frantic footsteps echo from the hallway and he is gone .
tr	PRES	" No envelope ? "
tr	PAST	The thought that a cold , metal floor should comfort me with its familiarity absolutely revolted me .
tr	PAST	Kane awoke , hungry , his head lying comfortably on the guitar .
tr	PRES	Cameron arches his brow in my direction .
tr	PRES	He brings a burning fist down to smash her in his palm , but it stops before harming a feather on her head . '
tr	PRES	Jase opens the door to the kitchen , motioning me in .
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PRES	Eventually , Miss Black folds and I leave the hotel .
tr	PAST	And it cost you .
tr	PAST	Just when Rena began to calm , he teased her with just enough vibration to rev her up again .
tr	PRES	Layla enters the classroom carrying something that looks like a make-up bag and she also has a black garment bag draped over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Nice to meet you , " I beamed .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , a cane smashed against his shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Fucking scumbag , " Bennett mumbled to himself .
tr	PRES	" She lies ! "
tr	PRES	Rob offers a perplexed glance in Courtney 's direction while Chloe eyes me .
tr	PAST	He pitched partly through the torn opening , and sprawled over the body of his dead leader .
tr	PAST	I inquired of him .
tr	PAST	" His metabolism slowed down as hypothermia set in .
tr	PRES	But seems natural that would nay have an additive affect on the Animus , but a detraction . "
tr	PAST	" Find her , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	• • • Devon and Tammie arrive at the clinic , terrified .
tr	PRES	A3 enters and walks across the stage as if entering a store .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes to look at me .
tr	PAST	Dane stiffened at the Drake 's venomous tone .
tr	PRES	The Wave Star passes between the Undying Lights -- it is a night of prophecy and prophecy fulfilled . "
tr	PAST	She froze , staring out the window as the danger became apparent .
tr	PAST	Bruno Stanton New York At one time , Steve received regular emails from Bruno Stanton .
tr	PAST	My dad sniffed and I grinned at him .
tr	PRES	He folds his hands behind his back and sticks his chin up .
tr	PAST	She steered Charlotte toward the table where Jack and her friends were waiting with their champagne flutes .
tr	PAST	She hopped she had collected all of the strands .
tr	PAST	She glided her hand up and down him in fine , hot strokes .
tr	PRES	A tear sneaks down her cheek .
tr	PRES	And now ... the human remains , found just before Christmas .
tr	PRES	Peter tries to push me forward too , but my feet remain planted .
tr	PAST	I sobbed into his FSU T-shirt .
tr	PAST	He readjusted me in his arms .
tr	PAST	I grunted , and then I pressed down her finger , forcing her to pull the trigger .
tr	PAST	He froze halfway to his seat .
tr	PRES	But Donald deserves all the credit . "
tr	PAST	Suddenly the front tire on the right side of the car exploded , throwing its shredded remains across the road .
tr	PAST	But she sensed a second image appearing briefly in the psychic corridor .
tr	PRES	Go sell him some of your stuff ! "
tr	PAST	She crawled into a long compartment , and he got down on his hands and knees and followed her into the darkness .
tr	PAST	Critics dismissed its members as being nothing short of petty criminals ; supporters considered themselves as something akin to a proactive cargo cult .
tr	PAST	A small lantern on the floor of what appeared to be a dark cavern provided the only light .
tr	PAST	They washed in the small toilet at the end of the carriage .
tr	PRES	He dreaded seeing these two families return to the lodge each year .
tr	PRES	" We need you , " I add .
tr	PRES	She tries her best to stay out of their business . "
tr	PRES	" But not until she reaches the age of eighteen years .
tr	PAST	Nobody in their right mind reversed at that speed .
tr	PAST	" You don 't know that , " Danni countered .
tr	PAST	Paralysis disintegrated , expelled him from its grasp .
tr	PAST	Her stern features subsided .
tr	PAST	Kate 's hand clutched my arm as the bidding quickly soared over $ 1,000 .
tr	PRES	He mutters under his breath climbing onto the back of the lion himself .
tr	PAST	To escape the oppressive silence , I retreated to my studio .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something about " this can 't be " and " I don 't understand . "
tr	PAST	When his fingers touched me , he tensed .
tr	PRES	' You ' l kil the ones you love ? '
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PAST	The tight charcoal grey t-shirt he wore highlighted every delicious ripple in his stomach .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " Cy whispers .
tr	PAST	She circled me like a vulture , ready to rip into me .
tr	PAST	From start to finish , all the years they shared sped by like a fast forwarding movie reel .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around my shoulder and leans in .
tr	PRES	" The song remains the same . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she mumbled as she chewed .
tr	PRES	He recognizes Pierre right away and nods at him .
tr	PAST	The girl inched out of the putrid freezer and didn 't seem to care one bit about the mysterious man .
tr	PRES	' The Regime manufacture a Truth ... ' ' There is none . '
tr	PAST	Joey exploded , eyes widening behind his glasses .
tr	PRES	" No tricks ! "
tr	PRES	A young male , coming toward him in a hurry , eager for a confrontation .
tr	PAST	Seventy-five souls trusted us to get them safely to Matins IV .
tr	PRES	I assume there was no note this time ? "
tr	PRES	Then something occurs to him , and he looks around the side of the house in the direction where Maury continues to chop wood .
tr	PAST	Her eyes had brightened , but they were not filling with tears .
tr	PAST	~ Lexi About Something Wild " You need a good guy .
tr	PRES	A perfect target - " His voice rose .
tr	PAST	Eyes of crystal blue flicked up and stayed on him for only a second before returning to the weapon .
tr	PAST	I palmed the heavily grained wood and felt the echoing heat .
tr	PAST	My body tensed at his words and I felt my heart going out of control .
tr	PRES	" A delicious prey .
tr	PAST	Marching around to the passenger 's side she flung the door open and grabbed her purse .
tr	PRES	Go fetch the key .
tr	PRES	" It is to you the stewardship passes .
tr	PAST	She only stares back helplessly .
tr	PRES	She murmurs my name to the sentry on duty , who nods and opens the door , announcing me .
tr	PAST	He doubted he 'd be able to forget about this attraction , but he moved into safer territory because that seemed to be what she wanted .
tr	PAST	The Jeep bounced harshly over the rough ground leading up to the Dome .
tr	PRES	And yet ... time and again , her instincts about people proved to be correct .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , Jess .
tr	PRES	At 135 kilometers above the earth 's surface , the meteorite begins to encounter friction with the atmosphere . "
tr	PAST	She swiped away her tears .
tr	PRES	Why endure the pain of forever ? '
tr	PRES	Jackson winks as Eva hugs me .
tr	PRES	" You have to go all the way back , " Bobby giggles , looking at my card .
tr	PRES	A cloud of grey dust puffs up and floats away .
tr	PRES	" Pirro disappears out at night . "
tr	PRES	Now , where are the call ing cards ? "
tr	PAST	I attempted to give it a turn .
tr	PRES	He reaches the epicentre .
tr	PAST	I tugged at the corners of my sweatshirt and cursed the fact that I 'd thought wearing boots was a good idea .
tr	PRES	She embraces its functionality , but hates what it represents .
tr	PAST	Fires in several places leaped up , catching several cargo ships passing through above .
tr	PAST	We charged in the room and readied ourselves for attack .
tr	PRES	One or two little mysteries to solve . "
tr	PAST	Mary Elise stifled the urge to do an impromptu victory dance and rubbed soothing circles along Trey 's back while Daniel reached into the crate .
tr	PRES	Black shapes entered through the window , swooped toward the bed and lighted on Effie 's outstretched arms .
tr	PRES	Weary and a bit achy at the moment , but then we just returned to Town , as you know .
tr	PRES	He offers me a crooked smile that sends unexpected flutters through my stomach .
tr	PRES	The chain pops free from its hooks .
tr	PRES	The truck stops and the engine is turned off .
tr	PRES	" Of course , master . "
tr	PAST	I awoke to screams and the next thing you know I got creatures trying to kill me . "
tr	PRES	Overhead , dark electric clouds crackle .
tr	PAST	Sometimes the brats scrawled stupid messages on it , often about Stalker or me .
tr	PRES	The idea that the message was left by either terrifies her more than the fact that she does not truly know herself .
tr	PAST	Like a well-rehearsed dance routine , Garret shook a smoke from the pack , Jack flicked the lighter , then watched as Garret inhaled .
tr	PRES	" Can you spare a moment ? "
tr	PAST	And , more than likely , he experienced some form of abuse in his childhood . "
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PRES	" Please , Gemma , " she begs me .
tr	PRES	" What accounts did you work with ? "
tr	PAST	Dark spots of fury floated before his eyes .
tr	PAST	Ash scoffed and threw himself into one of the gilt chairs sitting in front of Nicolae 's massive desk .
tr	PAST	She selected a nearby empty chair to sit down .
tr	PRES	He brings his knee up to his chest , wrapping his arms around his leg and rests his chin on it .
tr	PRES	I snap a few pictures , wondering what type of wedding dress might photograph best .
tr	PRES	The forest technically belongs to the township , but they didn 't fence it off .
tr	PRES	Together they settle in on their green sofa to enjoy the night 's variety acts .
tr	PAST	Her mind quickly interpreted what she 'd heard .
tr	PRES	My knees tremble as I shut the door .
tr	PRES	That , and the woods that surround it .
tr	PAST	I rasped back at him .
tr	PRES	Rann clears his throat with his intense emotions and thoughts .
tr	PRES	He sighs at his friend 's response .
tr	PRES	Cal holds his hand tighter .
tr	PRES	" No , " Art corrects me .
tr	PAST	His arms wrap around my back , dipping my body until I 'm practically horizontal and I don 't care .
tr	PRES	I assume this will make these elves immortal ! "
tr	PRES	The scent of dinner wafted over , making his stomach rumble .
tr	PRES	" Are they human or Aug corpses ? "
tr	PRES	Then he slides into a booth and breaks eye contact .
tr	PAST	" My dear husband , I received a visitor yesterday .
tr	PRES	Knight of Cups upright .
tr	PRES	" Seems like your boy wears boxer briefs , wears Calvin Klein cologne , and plays poker .
tr	PRES	The geometric shapes flying toward him dissolved , and Pink Floyd 's Off the Wall suddenly came on .
tr	PRES	Seconds later : " I 'm here . "
tr	PRES	He explains , " I won 't share you .
tr	PAST	The carriage slowed to a roll .
tr	PRES	The Sea of Galilee lies on the ancient Via Maris , which linked Egypt with the northern empires .
tr	PRES	Says he 's talked to Cori three times today .
tr	PRES	" He loves her , of course he 's involved . "
tr	PRES	Step by step , she learns of her own destiny .
tr	PAST	Wind rustled the leaves and whistled through the stones .
tr	PAST	Tammy , whose head had been propped up on the desk , pitched forward , " Hey ! "
tr	PAST	Ever since we stole the booty from Captain Kidd ... " " Hush , now boy .
tr	PAST	Michelle massaged her temples .
tr	PAST	Suddenly panicked , I whip around , scanning the room , and my stomach heaves in fear .
tr	PRES	' A fort ? '
tr	PRES	I wipe my cheeks with the heels of my hands , frustrated .
tr	PAST	Liz cleaned the mess and Bryan watched from a safe distance .
tr	PAST	Facing assassination , he committed suicide on 9 June 68 ( the first Roman emperor to do so ) .
tr	PRES	" Not the forest spirits ! "
tr	PAST	She stole the man you love away from you . "
tr	PRES	And Mr. Z 's crystal certainly produces energy .
tr	PRES	Whether you will again remains to be determined . "
tr	PRES	Delighted chuckles go up all around the table , and my embarrassment hardens into anger .
tr	PRES	Michael nodded , his smile fading slightly .
tr	PAST	Early one morning , I received a phone call .
tr	PRES	Just remember , if they don 't accept it , signal the others immediately .
tr	PRES	Finally she lies down in front of the statue exhausted from the emotions that have taken control of her body .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me .
tr	PRES	Tobias lets go of my hand to open the door , and the fire alarm screeches in my ears , but we keep running .
tr	PRES	The truck stops , and Amar shoves the doors open .
tr	PRES	The marble floors glisten mutely in the sunlight and are covered with woven rugs .
tr	PAST	' My god Katherine you 've played us all .
tr	PRES	She inhales and her chest rises .
tr	PRES	Then she stretches back in her seat .
tr	PRES	Now she freaked at every little thing .
tr	PAST	She eyed the concoction suspiciously .
tr	PAST	I swooped in , resumed my own form , and braced myself .
tr	PAST	I stiffened at the name .
tr	PAST	Joe Gomez 's brows crawled together to form a single caterpillar over his eyes .
tr	PRES	" To teach the council a lesson . "
tr	PRES	All anyone brings into Fisher are coins .
tr	PRES	" Honey , we 're home , " he sings , grinning .
tr	PRES	He was half kitsune , the son of a Japanese fox nymph .
tr	PRES	" Can you spare some change ? "
tr	PRES	" You 're the best , " Louise swears , shooting me a grateful smile .
tr	PRES	" An abused wife , who 's been cheated on countless times herself , and who was hurt and angry , " I correct her .
tr	PRES	" It explains how she found out about you . "
tr	PAST	She yawned behind her hand .
tr	PAST	Making his way carefully out of the darkness of the woods , John charged down the somewhat better lit roadway toward the sound of the screaming woman .
tr	PRES	" But if it helps ... " Sarah placed her hand on Luther 's arm .
tr	PAST	Faith tipped her head back and met his gaze .
tr	PAST	Her comment bothered me , but I wasn 't about to follow her .
tr	PAST	Only one line of the letter bothered her .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to sit .
tr	PAST	She hopped out of the car and walked away .
tr	PAST	A soft sound rustled through the air , like silk on silk .
tr	PAST	While I was waiting , a pretty young secretary engaged me in conversation .
tr	PRES	She holds her arms above in a V sign for victory .
tr	PAST	Joe claimed her father had loved her deeply , but Susannah believed otherwise .
tr	PAST	Winnie selected another piece of scroll and pushed it toward Diana .
tr	PRES	Hailey snaps her head in my direction .
tr	PAST	Lucien , too , produced a weapon - a .45 , cocked and ready .
tr	PRES	A man who has devoted all his life to the service of the Lord and the Temple , and now joins this sect of heretics .
tr	PRES	" Oh crap , " she mutters , and scrambles to gather the pieces together .
tr	PRES	Someone got here just before us , " he points out , attempting to mask his smile with a casual tone .
tr	PAST	We thanked everyone profusely , hugging each of our friends five or six times a piece .
tr	PAST	Its loving caress steadied the boy in reassurance almost forgotten .
tr	PRES	" Not bad , " she announces the result of the taste test .
tr	PRES	" My flaws ? "
tr	PAST	Half the church wall collapsed inward while the crumpled helicopter fuselage crashed to the ground like a big , broken toy .
tr	PAST	" Good afternoon , Captain Powers , " stated the four-star general from the rear seat next to her .
tr	PAST	Max exhaled deeply and ran his hair through his auburn hair .
tr	PRES	' It 's got to mean something , ' he mutters under his breath .
tr	PRES	An awareness that I was the one being led all along begins to settle .
tr	PAST	Few people dared step on Dog lands in the best of circumstances .
tr	PAST	I scooted to create room for him .
tr	PAST	She lectured me on the upper classes ' disregard for the smaller communities living outside the city limits .
tr	PAST	And that is the first time in my life I have lied to my mother .
tr	PAST	I trudged into the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Smoky gray shadow and fuchsia lipstick highlighted her features , while a thin gold chain glinted around her neck .
tr	PAST	The man 's eyes glowed like blue fire and his skin shimmered in the sun .
tr	PRES	I relax as relief floods through my body , chasing away the fear and replacing it with a sense of security .
tr	PAST	The giant 's voice boomed as he moved closer to Toby .
tr	PAST	Shock froze my feet in place .
tr	PAST	Smoke circled his head .
tr	PRES	" And - " " It doesn 't stink like demons . "
tr	PAST	Her full lips curved .
tr	PRES	" You coming , teach ? "
tr	PRES	Each one of these unions carries with them uniquely different agendas and social expectations .
tr	PAST	With the other hand she twirled a curl of her hair , pulled it straight , then let it flop back onto her forehead .
tr	PAST	It stiffened there , gummed to the tree , perfectly dead .
tr	PRES	" I know , lass .
tr	PRES	Holding it by the barrel , she poised herself , and swung the butt with all her might .
tr	PAST	" Go on , girl , " Alex said , puzzled .
tr	PRES	Chapter Three The door opens to an abyss .
tr	PAST	She clutched the kitchen counter with both hands .
tr	PRES	He wishes you to understand what you will be dealing with , should you choose to ignore this very worthy advice .
tr	PRES	" You 've got to hear me , Peaches .
tr	PRES	Marcus opens his mouth to say something , and that is a mistake , because Tobias punches him hard in the teeth .
tr	PAST	Let it stay that way , Liz grimly willed .
tr	PAST	Ethan sniffed and clamped himself to my leg , his small body tight with determination .
tr	PAST	He proved very quickly that he knew exactly how to arouse her .
tr	PAST	She stripped off her gloves and passed them to Ivy , who took them gravely and tucked them into her reticule .
tr	PRES	He squeezed her hands , his face alight .
tr	PAST	The machine achieved full power and the Pod was bathed in a blinding white light as the electro-magnetic pulse washed through the space .
tr	PRES	Lindy scrutinized her wax twin as well .
tr	PRES	" No , no , no , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	I had doubted him when he said so one day , but here now was a girl confirming it .
tr	PAST	" Dad probably passed out , " she joked to herself , then he heard Ted 's footsteps on the landing .
tr	PAST	His practice boomed , his income multiplied , and he started to accumulate things .
tr	PAST	Before I could respond , Eddie charged her , swinging his bola in the air .
tr	PRES	And love begins with trust , and trust can 't be formed if people think you 're hiding something . "
tr	PRES	And you belong here , with me .
tr	PAST	" Of course I am , " he dismissed her comment with a shake of his head .
tr	PAST	If only he can get stabilized for a minute and feel the control .
tr	PRES	His tongue flicked out , tasting , gliding over the smooth skin .
tr	PRES	Beneath it spiral green stems covered in thorns .
tr	PRES	Instead , he holds me tightly to his face and eats me , until I nearly come in his mouth .
tr	PAST	Toby abandoned his place next to me and slid into the open seat across from me .
tr	PAST	The captain marveled at the seamanship , remembering doing the same in his younger days in the navy .
tr	PRES	" That is it , " he announces to us .
tr	PAST	Sheila dialed the number and waited .
tr	PRES	Darken let his words sink in , " Make sure everything is ready , soon , we march . "
tr	PAST	As Hunter 's courage built back up , a quaking buzz stole his breath .
tr	PRES	May I observe as you take a bite ? "
tr	PAST	My heart leaped into my throat at the sound of his voice .
tr	PAST	I giggled like an idiot .
tr	PRES	... on wings like eagles ! "
tr	PRES	" Well I disagree .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand , and with it my mind , and barred her departure with an effort of simple will .
tr	PRES	She begs him not to go , that a terrible storm is coming .
tr	PAST	I lied when I said that I wanted to be with you .
tr	PAST	Only dying coals glowed faintly amid the ashes .
tr	PAST	I bolted noiselessly into the hallway , arms outstretched , and found the far wall .
tr	PRES	Highways provide invasion routes , however , and a city , by its very existence , proclaims the presence of large numbers of people and valuable property .
tr	PRES	" Okay , excellent tracker , " I eyeball the many differently shaped buildings , " Where do we start ? "
tr	PRES	A spray of gunfire brings down a shower of plaster .
tr	PRES	" I 'd like that , " she murmurs as I pull away , giving her the biggest grin .
tr	PRES	" Bravo Yankee Six calling Tango Victor Two .
tr	PRES	I sneer at him , but he doesn 't even notice me .
tr	PAST	Wind rustled and leaves smacked together .
tr	PRES	He sighs and runs his hand over his head .
tr	PRES	" You too , Dixon .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , looking resentful of her own tears .
tr	PRES	" If I don 't see you again , " Elizabeth whispers .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble , and Christina squeezes my knee .
tr	PAST	Dahlia created an intimacy with him , a bond , and he knew she did it for him , not for her .
tr	PAST	Paul 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" It relaxes me . "
tr	PAST	" Mom , " I yell , stumbling into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Sit down , then , lad .
tr	PRES	He pins me down , and manages to straddle me .
tr	PRES	" The cell phone thing helps .
tr	PAST	" Folklore wants us to see him , immediately , but " he tugged at Dave 's grimy lab coat " definitely not wearing that thing .
tr	PAST	Remembering David 's letters , I leap out of bed and cross the room .
tr	PRES	" No Amanda again ? "
tr	PRES	" Hey , " Mitch mumbled , face buried in the carpet .
tr	PAST	All from bad decisions by their legislature , " Lars lectured .
tr	PRES	So please file up in an orderly fashion . "
tr	PRES	Another question pops into my head .
tr	PRES	Later , " Guy mumbled as they stepped away .
tr	PRES	As he gets up , the door slides open .
tr	PAST	Hannah chanced a glance to see what he was doing , narrowly avoiding oncoming cabins .
tr	PRES	" He likes to be quiet after a fight . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled and turned around to look in the mirror .
tr	PAST	His other hand groped down my hips , searching for the damp heat between my legs .
tr	PRES	But the story changes , here .
tr	PRES	" Are you just having a flash of anti socializing , or do you really have to work this morning ? "
tr	PRES	" Marcus sees relationships .
tr	PAST	A crystal vase holding one perfect red rose adorned each table .
tr	PAST	Leaning down , he flicked his tongue over her nipple .
tr	PAST	Then Jonas 's eyes flicked open and she saw the smoldering fire he had managed to partially bank .
tr	PRES	" Not that we know about , " Suzy states , still clearly displeased with the turn in the conversation .
tr	PAST	A coven of thirteen warlocks operated the crystalline array .
tr	PAST	A low , dry whistle emerged from my throat .
tr	PAST	' I 'll do it , ' I announced .
tr	PRES	Christine loves movies . "
tr	PRES	The essence of one 's Virtue therefore lies between the ears and just behind the eyes .
tr	PRES	" Oh , how I love you , Brand . "
tr	PAST	Storm practically accused me .
tr	PAST	The sliding slowed as the tunnel evened out .
tr	PRES	Be dignified , don 't cry , and don 't get into any further argument .
tr	PAST	I doubted , I feared , I resented , and in my resentment summoned up some pretty horrible opinions about my strict , mean father especially .
tr	PRES	The silk fabric of my Marie Antoinette gown , draped across my sewing table , shimmers with a pale blue glow in the moonlight .
tr	PAST	I race over to my bedroom and open the door .
tr	PAST	Hanna 's stomach churned .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open .
tr	PAST	Rob cocked an eyebrow at Luke , an expressive gesture that seemed to be a familial trait .
tr	PAST	Trevor crouched atop the Sweet Tooth Ice Cream and Candy Shoppe .
tr	PAST	Ben pondered the accusation for a minute .
tr	PAST	She padded down the hall on bare feet , down the winding staircase , without turning on lights .
tr	PAST	Kylie 's phone beeped , announcing she had messages .
tr	PRES	" From drinking water contaminated by metals , or by eating with pewter utensils . "
tr	PRES	He winks at me , and I feel my cheeks flush .
tr	PRES	Kurt 's flashlight still shone out over the water .
tr	PRES	" It 's the talk about how to handle yourself with authority figures , " states my aunt .
tr	PRES	Father pushes me up the ladder to the second floor , while he disappears to deposit the goats somewhere .
tr	PRES	Trolls simply detest the very sight of dwarves ( uncooked ) .
tr	PRES	I wove it when I made the fur . "
tr	PAST	I doubted you could generate a full spectrum from a silver layer .
tr	PRES	" You resort to name calling when you get cornered ? "
tr	PAST	" Anthony , " I clarify , self-consciously straightening my stance .
tr	PRES	Grant bursts into the room .
tr	PAST	Gavin barely thanked the local before getting in on the driver 's side of the black Lincoln Town Car .
tr	PAST	He strapped on his seat belt .
tr	PAST	The Stingray reduced its subsonic speed as it slowly dived to a lower altitude .
tr	PAST	She flicked a piece of broken glass off the counter .
tr	PAST	It reminds me of a fattened turkey painted army green , its belly thick and rounded .
tr	PRES	" There is a reason , " she begins .
tr	PRES	" I can walk , you know , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	My weight crushes the flower petals .
tr	PAST	she glowed with pride .
tr	PAST	The Black Jewel in his ring glowed in answer .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , my insides crumbling as he held me against him .
tr	PAST	He commenced to whisper something that sounded like Latin into his ear . "
tr	PRES	she whispers to him .
tr	PRES	With every step , my strength returns to me .
tr	PAST	I awoke several times during the night , each time listening intently for sounds that didn 't belong .
tr	PAST	Sometimes he just acted as if he would eat , but it was just a game , because he didn 't want to catch anyone 's attention .
tr	PAST	She tugged at his jacket sleeve to get his attention , as if he couldn 't hear her .
tr	PRES	Al go , I tel you ! "
tr	PAST	" Was your mother bothered by it ? "
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched to smack his ass , but she loved the dual edge of dominance and subjugation he teetered on .
tr	PRES	I bark kicking it the hell away from me only to find a trio of them hovering above .
tr	PAST	" He just woke up Larissa , give him a minute , " Will ow chided her as she walked out of the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" We have to get everybody together , " Marco attempted to calm Sali 's restless pacing .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us to another point - what happened back then ?
tr	PAST	I exited the room before she could change her mind .
tr	PAST	I am also faxing the letter he deposited with me at the time he executed the will .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air .
tr	PRES	He stretches in his seat and yawns , then puts his hands behind his head and leans back .
tr	PRES	Braden snorts , jumping up .
tr	PRES	" So then you teach them . "
tr	PRES	When I read a book , it plays out like a movie in my head .
tr	PAST	" I have no choice in the matter , " Joseph stated .
tr	PRES	She wears the pants , says jump , and he asks how high . "
tr	PAST	Unfortunately my fair skin glowed faintly red in the black underworld , even in shadow .
tr	PRES	" I request permission to aid my sister in her quest as a Selective .
tr	PAST	The Guardian Jennifer sped through traffic , whipping between cars , lights flashing .
tr	PRES	The back door opens directly into a large kitchen with a fireplace .
tr	PRES	As I sit at the kitchen table , my mother flips pancakes , humming a song I can 't quite place .
tr	PAST	No one joked or laughed when the forest drew even closer around them and the light was dim and deep green .
tr	PAST	Five others chased Drake and Rachel .
tr	PAST	I giggled like a schoolgirl .
tr	PAST	He crouched down so she wouldn 't see him coming this time .
tr	PAST	She rinsed her hands in the kitchen sink and tiptoed down the hall .
tr	PAST	He sped onto the road , tires screeching .
tr	PRES	He lies back on the bed and lets out an exhausted sigh .
tr	PAST	" Well , I 'm quite pleased with my chocolate cake , " I countered with a smile .
tr	PAST	Derek eyed him in the rear view mirror .
tr	PAST	Jared 's jaw tensed .
tr	PAST	" They lied . "
tr	PRES	What 's brings you here ?
tr	PRES	Abe touches my shoulder .
tr	PAST	My white nighty under my robe tugged on the wooden ladder as I climbed up to him and he held out his hand .
tr	PRES	My revelation brings her up short .
tr	PRES	She still whispers of her strange cravings for salt and dirt and gravel , and I 'm more concerned than ever .
tr	PRES	She opens both sodas and tears the sandwich in half , handing me part of it .
tr	PAST	I squinted up at his shadowed face .
tr	PRES	" My son-in-law . "
tr	PAST	The sun inched higher .
tr	PRES	He snaps the newspaper open .
tr	PAST	Neither of us pretended that was what this relationship was about .
tr	PAST	he uttered too quickly .
tr	PAST	The soft light coming from deeper within the cave reflected in a way that made everything look as if it might melt at any second .
tr	PAST	And the way she was doing shots with Earl and Ernie revealed a need to let herself be free .
tr	PAST	He claimed the memo was nothing more than a practical joke and demanded that I have my troops augmented as scheduled .
tr	PRES	And then " NO ! "
tr	PAST	Liam stiffened for a second before wrapping his arms around her , drawing her deeper into his embrace .
tr	PRES	She sees the deep puncture wounds on my arms and her eyes well up with tears .
tr	PAST	She attempted to ask back .
tr	PRES	You brave enough to try Katherine 's eggs ? "
tr	PAST	Buddy relayed the information to his mother .
tr	PAST	Zoey motioned with her eyes .
tr	PAST	However , all scans revealed our previous belief was correct , and the planet was indeed barren .
tr	PRES	He releases me and we lay together , his arms around me .
tr	PAST	a voice boomed behind me .
tr	PAST	Dayan dealt with that problem immediately , not waiting for the shelter of a roof , but ripping aside cloth and dispensing with footwear in every direction .
tr	PRES	" Of what , precisely ? "
tr	PAST	The lines beside his mouth had smoothed , and he looked young , his brown hair tousled like a boy 's .
tr	PRES	" More than some people , groups of people ... " He frowns .
tr	PRES	" Your ancestor ? "
tr	PAST	Why she trusted him when she couldn 't trust me .
tr	PRES	Mel glances at Sean out of the corner of her eye , almost pleading with him .
tr	PAST	She awoke with a start on impact .
tr	PRES	" Love you too , " Travis mumbled around a mouthful of lasagna .
tr	PAST	Then he selected ' broccoli ' on the control panel , and gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	He exhaled abruptly and waved the paper like a flag .
tr	PRES	Sonic shrieks echo in the distance , making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end .
tr	PAST	A mixture of relief and irritation mingled inside her .
tr	PAST	He regarded Clary with mild interest , puffing gently on a fantastically large pipe as he did so .
tr	PAST	She stomped her foot , then turned on her heel and left him .
tr	PRES	" A dragon . "
tr	PAST	Julia sobbed , and Damien turned toward her .
tr	PAST	He did a couple twists to make sure the straps were snug enough without being too tight , then tugged his jersey on overtop .
tr	PAST	The sound pierced Kylie 's eardrums .
tr	PAST	Tammy prayed she wasn 't going to be too late .
tr	PAST	I prayed to the gods that I was right .
tr	PRES	- " another male who won 't be bedding our little Dagmar . "
tr	PAST	I cringed with every single creak and squeak of the pin and eventually got it all the way out .
tr	PRES	The door opens and a man steps out , decked out in a uniform .
tr	PAST	Meredith flicked the gate open with the stave .
tr	PRES	Kylie fel on top of the mattress .
tr	PRES	She holds up a white card .
tr	PAST	She replayed the sexy words he 'd said to her that night .
tr	PRES	I dreaded being asked that when I moved .
tr	PAST	I shimmied out of my clothing and then wrapped my arms around his neck again , pulling him close as if we were dancing together .
tr	PRES	I woke up late the next morning to Gem 's hands on my shoulders , her palm lightly slapping my face .
tr	PAST	An unwanted message received .
tr	PAST	The gun in his limp fingers wavered alarmingly .
tr	PAST	When this lasted several moments , Lucien enquired , " Are we finished ? "
tr	PAST	McKie sensed a definite wave of compassion with the words .
tr	PAST	" They 're just coming up the other end , " Laurie reported .
tr	PRES	I swing the handle of my duffel bag over my shoulder and walk down the hall with Davis following behind .
tr	PRES	I assume you were in one of the search parties ? "
tr	PRES	" You 're getting worked up again , " he comments .
tr	PRES	She flashes me a teasing grin , totally trying to work through our awkward moment in the truck .
tr	PRES	She deserves to see what he can be .
tr	PRES	Even though it feels nuts and a little embarrassing , I punch the mattress again , just to see what happens .
tr	PAST	He bounced up again before I could blink .
tr	PRES	" Do not resist , Sonia .
tr	PRES	" What nonsense ! "
tr	PRES	Brandi points to a tree in the distance .
tr	PAST	Clint slapped Edward 's hindquarters lightly .
tr	PRES	He considers this for a moment .
tr	PRES	She fills us in on the other girls Bobby had gotten to .
tr	PAST	Gray exclaimed whom they entered the house .
tr	PAST	" And Ty and Hunter risked so much to help you .
tr	PAST	" I hate you , " Katherine joked and turned back to the mirror .
tr	PRES	It holds our entire lineage , not just under the Gant name but the others who were lost to the past .
tr	PRES	No prints on the bottle , according to police forensics .
tr	PAST	In battles , it proved to be an invaluable tool to have .
tr	PAST	Urgency pulsed through Tanner , buzzed through the cockpit .
tr	PAST	Purple and dimmer green flashes accompanied it .
tr	PAST	A sense of freedom washed over her .
tr	PAST	The onyx exploded with light .
tr	PAST	She drugged the soldiers and opened the gate for Cameron 's men . '
tr	PAST	Margaret 's eyes revealed her apprehensions .
tr	PRES	" I 've never done this before , " I sputter , crossing my arms across my chest .
tr	PAST	Just one other creature who could really know me , rather than what I pretended to be .
tr	PAST	The stone dust powdered her green skin as she breached the surface and emerged into the night air .
tr	PRES	" Your protector . "
tr	PAST	He slowed , pivoting to scan the crowded street , chest heaving .
tr	PAST	Then , acting in unison , Tara and Nicolas dove forward with each of their respective weapons and slashed at the back of the suit .
tr	PRES	" Then lets agree that I will never take him away from you . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , shut up , Honour , " she snaps .
tr	PAST	She treated it like a sanctuary .
tr	PAST	Her stomach rumbled in grateful appreciation of the first food she 'd tasted since the nachos she 'd eaten with Simon .
tr	PAST	She dialed Rob 's number .
tr	PRES	His muscles bulge under his sleeves .
tr	PAST	Amara turned to stare as every Immortal , every single Immortal on the mountainside suddenly convulsed .
tr	PAST	In an instant , the monster was right in front of him , his inhuman nails extended to tear into Ice 's chest .
tr	PRES	Noah stands , pushing his laptop out of my view .
tr	PRES	His gaze falls to my chest and heats to a sexy smolder .
tr	PAST	His magic proved of wondrous utility .
tr	PRES	" We must hurry , " I warn him .
tr	PAST	She tugged to free her hand .
tr	PAST	I would have gladly allowed myself to be arrested , than having my village burned , " Auron sobbed .
tr	PAST	Guilt washed through me that I couldn 't be more honest with her .
tr	PRES	" What a prick ! "
tr	PRES	She glares at the thick textbook .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side and shifted in his seat to look at me .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with an unnatural glow .
tr	PRES	" Me either , " Katie agreed , her giggles under control .
tr	PRES	" You cannot deceive me , Sage , " Din bellows through her chosen 's lips .
tr	PRES	" Bumpy frogs ! "
tr	PRES	I scramble away from them , but they grab me and pull me to my feet .
tr	PRES	" That brings us back full circle .
tr	PAST	Katy sobbed , pacing around the trailer .
tr	PRES	Mikhail pressed her head to him , his fingers soothing in her hair .
tr	PRES	" The baby helps ? "
tr	PAST	Bash replaced the receiver and headed back to the sofa .
tr	PRES	They near me , and Shelby sees me first .
tr	PAST	And I silently named him Captain Kindness .
tr	PAST	Cindy froze as his lips met her skin .
tr	PAST	He dismissed the officer with a wave of his hand and sat drumming his fingers on his desk .
tr	PAST	Layers of history and experience bedding down in each Soul like layers of sedimentary rock .
tr	PAST	Knowing it was now up to him to radio for help , Corky groped the dashboard and found the radio .
tr	PAST	As corny as it sounded , she glowed .
tr	PAST	Sean caressed the small of her back .
tr	PAST	just be ready at 5 then , " announced Kamal .
tr	PRES	She talks a foreign language when she gets goin ' . "
tr	PAST	Her nails scored his skin .
tr	PRES	" She belongs to the family , and we belong to her .
tr	PAST	A vast steam leaped up , white in the sudden dark under the moon .
tr	PRES	" Hi Clayton . "
tr	PAST	All at once , eyes still closed , my place of calm shattered .
tr	PRES	That explains how we can sense each other . "
tr	PAST	His hand threaded through her hair and snatched her back to his side .
tr	PRES	When the contract is up , the scene stops being automatically updated , unless the hirer wants to renew the hire of the scene .
tr	PAST	" He described what took place in that car .
tr	PAST	Bring Conner to the Honky Tonk and have a soda .
tr	PAST	On the television , a game show contestant puzzled over an answer that could win her a Winnebago and a year 's supply of beef jerky .
tr	PAST	" The men have been dispatched to the south wharves , your Highness , " he reported .
tr	PAST	Gift twinkled back at her .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , Lucius , " the woman urged breathlessly .
tr	PAST	She writhed , only to find Graham 's warm strength holding her down .
tr	PAST	They treated me like their own son .
tr	PRES	' We have many miles to travel before we will stop , Highness .
tr	PAST	David chattered on , oblivious to the dark emptiness in Karen 's soul .
tr	PRES	Marc countered , " But what links him to Dominic ?
tr	PAST	She exhaled and started signing beside various X 's on the sheets .
tr	PAST	' All Safe And Secure ! '
tr	PAST	Alistair inhaled a sharp , deep breath .
tr	PAST	An arm hooked under hers and Maya stiffened .
tr	PAST	When he did , the sight of her stole his breath away .
tr	PRES	- the fact remains that I don 't want you .
tr	PRES	Charlie 's hand begins squeezing the life out of mine , so I return my attention to the reading .
tr	PAST	Skin split and poured blood .
tr	PAST	Sydney abandoned the newspaper .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , perhaps a little too heartily , though of course it had been mainly because of her .
tr	PRES	My hand freezes as Jonathan 's words about a big reveal of the staff causes a thought to pop into my head .
tr	PRES	" Diet Dr. Pepper . "
tr	PAST	Just then , the Old Man shuffled in .
tr	PRES	One of the iconic red double-decker buses lies on its side in a flaming wreck .
tr	PAST	I attempted to roll over and bury my head in my pillow , but my sore , tired limbs resisted .
tr	PAST	His arm extended with a Bic lighter in his fist .
tr	PRES	" That little prick ! "
tr	PRES	My fingers twitch to feel the muscles of his lean body and his soft , sandy blonde hair that hangs in his aqua eyes .
tr	PRES	' And my mate Duncan , ' cos Duncan 's me mate .
tr	PRES	She shone the light on the steel collapsible burglar door .
tr	PAST	Boaters sped by , and Alex suggested next year they rent a boat and watch from the water .
tr	PAST	She clutched the bone slab tight as she crossed the long bridge , not wanting it to fall beneath her .
tr	PAST	" You 'll come for breakfast tomorrow , " she stated firmly , giving him a look that dared contradiction .
tr	PRES	Like , some kind of vampire fraternity house ? "
tr	PAST	That unsettled me and eventually brought me to my feet .
tr	PAST	Autumn motioned with her head towards her niece .
tr	PAST	the dragon uttered cheerfully .
tr	PAST	Mathew and Cathy pretended not to notice and after a while of her walking around and looking everywhere Amelie finally gave an exaggerated shrug and said .
tr	PAST	Nic holstered his gun .
tr	PAST	He stiffened but it was too late .
tr	PAST	After Lucy purchased her makeup , Allison finally announced that we were done .
tr	PAST	He smashed his fist on the desk and quickly stood up while mumbling , " How could she do that to me ? "
tr	PAST	His capacity for defiant quips only extended so far .
tr	PRES	" My mom suffers from those a lot , too . "
tr	PAST	Dean clutched his chest and gasped .
tr	PRES	' How nice , ' mumbled Ashleigh .
tr	PRES	She stops speaking and looks up .
tr	PAST	" I meant what I said , " he reiterated .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , some fudge . "
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that I went to the theater dressed like this .
tr	PAST	That goddamned picture ! "
tr	PRES	" Happy New Year , " Kayden whispers underneath his breath as fireworks boom and drift to the water in front of us .
tr	PAST	She squinted down at her body as the room started to come into focus .
tr	PRES	Her hand reaches out , questioning .
tr	PAST	As the dispatcher came on the line , Arden relayed his request , stopping only when the operator asked which deputy she was referring to .
tr	PRES	" Beyond any doubt , Supreme Chancellor .
tr	PRES	" A cowboy hat ? "
tr	PRES	" The blue sheets of paper they were putting under everyone 's windshield wipers . "
tr	PAST	Maddie 's stomach churned .
tr	PAST	Instead , Helen inched closer .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , it 's fantastic , " the woman exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Softly , I padded around , going from room to room and finding no one .
tr	PRES	A series of thunderous howls rips through the atmosphere and I take off running toward the sound .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know the Lark 's Lament ? "
tr	PRES	Lines joining to form shapes I 'd seen in the Lesser Key of Solomon .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sure you 're all wondering why I 've asked you here tonight , " Salina 's voice floated over to me .
tr	PRES	As far as Adolf was concerned , the end justified the means .
tr	PRES	" To Sixth Street . "
tr	PRES	My stomach lurches as Andrew 's vacant eyes , tell me I am directly involved .
tr	PRES	A job that 's year round , pays well enough and in this part of the country , a position of some importance and therefore , respect .
tr	PAST	Silence lingered between them .
tr	PAST	Rick exclaimed at the visual that greeted them .
tr	PRES	For his impulsive and selfish need to have her always , she " d nearly paid with her life .
tr	PAST	David muffled a sigh .
tr	PAST	Charlie exclaimed jealously and Beth nodded .
tr	PAST	The records stated that his decision had been explicitly against medical advice , and that the patient had been counseled on the dangers of sedative withdrawal .
tr	PAST	Nadia doubted a spell of forgetting could wreck Elizabeth that badly .
tr	PAST	A small , round window next to the door revealed the gallows on the other side .
tr	PAST	" Allan was here , " Eleanor piped up as she came into the kitchen , a mischievous grin lighting her elfin features .
tr	PRES	He chuckles at his own joke .
tr	PRES	Do you hear the forest quieting - " Another rumble .
tr	PRES	The guard glares at me .
tr	PAST	" I know you sent the photos , " he accused looking at her as if he were daring her to deny it .
tr	PRES	We manipulate mathematical infinity ; why can 't we manipulate God ? "
tr	PAST	" I am aware that the rules changed , " the man said , his eyes squinted at Felix in a suspicious expression .
tr	PRES	The ground beneath us matches the rhythm .
tr	PRES	He freezes but doesn 't pull away , as though he can 't believe what he 's just heard .
tr	PRES	" But Aunt Maud -- " " Upstairs , now . "
tr	PAST	Alexander inhaled quickly at her words , feeling a familiar twitching in his pants before regaining his composure .
tr	PRES	And the mere name the Black Hand .
tr	PRES	If you have any problems , scream loudly or flick the lights and he 'll come inside . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled , tasting the air ; it was sick and stale , tainted with decay .
tr	PRES	Another Vampire Diaries marathon ? "
tr	PAST	Karen anticipated the next kick from the rifle as she squeezed the trigger , but received only a click .
tr	PRES	She stands and turns to the nurse watching the scene with sad eyes .
tr	PAST	The phone beeped again .
tr	PAST	But at every point , poor , exhausted and broken workers cleaned the grounds , slaving over the aristocracy 's palaces .
tr	PRES	He folds his arms over his chest , and I can 't help but notice how his muscles flex beneath the vibrant artwork on his skin .
tr	PAST	In fact her entire body froze .
tr	PRES	He dreaded waking her up .
tr	PAST	Charles claimed it was all worth it to be able to eat normal food and walk in daylight .
tr	PAST	Instead , slowly , he unwound her hair from his finger and took a step away .
tr	PAST	Gerald marveled at the man .
tr	PAST	He screeched , " Here comes Basha ! "
tr	PAST	Hanna emerged up a staircase wearing a long sundress , high heels , and an incongruous oversized white hoodie that stretched to her mid thighs .
tr	PAST	Black Scorpion pretended to be very ill , so ill that he could not walk or talk .
tr	PRES	His tone rises dramatically and I can feel the panic within him .
tr	PAST	The Queen giggled then .
tr	PAST	After a paragraph of what could only be considered serious whining , Sarah crumpled up the letter and started over .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	Gears inside strained , then stripped , as he forced the barrel parallel to the hotel 's exterior .
tr	PRES	" The offer remains if you happen to change your mind . "
tr	PAST	Their moans mingled together .
tr	PRES	Knox throws his key to the side of us and they clank against a glass bowl .
tr	PAST	She regarded him curiously .
tr	PRES	She sighs and casts a gaze over the rocky shoal in the distance , the wide flat mainland beyond .
tr	PAST	She tugged the coveralls zipper down , revealing a mile of toned muscle , and slid her hand inside .
tr	PRES	" Help me , " I shout .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , her plan for dealing with Chris Harper required a bit more subtlety than banging on doors .
tr	PRES	Grand total : I have enough food to last till Sol 600 .
tr	PRES	" All right , " he agreed , suspicious .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number from memory and prepared himself for another busy signal .
tr	PRES	She likes to sit at the window , just looking out over the city . '
tr	PAST	" Briefly , " Dahlia lied .
tr	PAST	It crumpled with a screech .
tr	PAST	A slow smile tugged at Jonas 's hard mouth .
tr	PRES	I lean toward her .
tr	PAST	She massaged her temples and lifted her eyes to look at Lord Reginald .
tr	PAST	The brief flair exposed a horrific bedroom .
tr	PRES	Dozens of voices shout in unison .
tr	PAST	A rock bounced down the hillside , coming to rest at Janie 's feet .
tr	PRES	Numbers , letters , weights , measures ; it was not what you " d call a rich curriculum .
tr	PAST	I eyed the liquor store again .
tr	PRES	Noah opens his eyes and examines me .
tr	PAST	" So you preferred to risk blowing me up ! "
tr	PAST	Then , in the next room , one of her sons announced the arrival of a runner .
tr	PRES	' Yeah , well all joking apart , smoking kills .
tr	PRES	" What about the Order ? "
tr	PAST	He also stated that the evidence could have easily been planted by the police .
tr	PRES	With much effort , she finally situated herself and took the glass from him .
tr	PRES	Something that made Tony unwilling to commit again .
tr	PAST	" But -- " My inner conscience was feeling all weak again , the anger replaced by fear .
tr	PRES	" Oh shit , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	She replaced the remainder of the papers , along with the ring and necklace .
tr	PAST	She turned her head to breathe , then plunged under again .
tr	PRES	Brielle offers , stepping in before me .
tr	PRES	He tends vast furnaces and cauldrons of molten metal that could burn him to the bone .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " she breathes .
tr	PAST	It exploded into a thousand shards , representing the pieces of his broken heart .
tr	PRES	The tip of his erection pushes against the juncture of my thighs , against my damp panties .
tr	PAST	When they had all cleared the frame , he dove for the bay floor and the exits .
tr	PAST	His throat matched his surroundings .
tr	PRES	" In more ways than one Elliott Gray , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Then his arm stretches , reaching farther , touching the bundle of nerves at the top .
tr	PAST	He suckled my bottom lip and bit at the soft flesh .
tr	PRES	Slashing at the air wildly with its claws the lion roars in pain as the poison spreads through its body killing it slowly .
tr	PRES	asked Tristram abruptly , the smile dissolving from his face .
tr	PAST	Sofia motioned to follow .
tr	PRES	" You creep me out .
tr	PAST	" South , " she lied .
tr	PRES	A large , burly patron sees that the man performing the Heimlich is becoming exhausted and says anxiously , " Let me try ! "
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply and forced a smile .
tr	PAST	He merged with the adults , keeping his cap down , and not speaking to anyone as they moved along the bank of the lake .
tr	PAST	" The question is not if I will help them , but if you will , " the black man countered , standing up from the fire .
tr	PRES	" His homecoming ? "
tr	PAST	I hung up , then rotated the pad to display the number to the others .
tr	PAST	I squealed in surprise as the weight of the hefty mountain bag yanked me backward .
tr	PAST	Grinning , Stephan cuffed Edward for his impudence , his white teeth a contrast to flawless black skin .
tr	PRES	The name and face spill into my mind immediately , although I don 't know why he would do it .
tr	PAST	Megan inhaled the refreshing coolness , it felt so good , intoxicating , a promise of life .
tr	PRES	Like me , he likes tidy conclusions , tidy reports ; he abhors loose ends and doesn 't always appreciate having to treasure his exceptions .
tr	PRES	" Telling her she belongs to you when you haven 't even bed her yet is always a bad idea . "
tr	PAST	I doubted she 'd hear me through her own ego anyway .
tr	PAST	Her hips writhed , then suddenly she arched her back and screamed .
tr	PAST	Rick readied himself for the grinning man or the woman with the brown and gold eyes , but they did not approach him .
tr	PRES	She holds no interest in your future and cannot say what is best for you as your mother can .
tr	PAST	Russel circled him but Riddick kept them face-to-face , then swiped at his leading fist .
tr	PAST	We blamed him for the knife attack and made sure everyone knew what he looked like .
tr	PAST	" I pitched the show to Connor and his boys myself .
tr	PRES	Colby loves me enough to agree , as long as I organize it quickly .
tr	PRES	" What a terrible affliction . "
tr	PAST	I steadied Annalise and , for the first time , saw fear and bewilderment .
tr	PRES	Come over here and you boys bury this poor animal .
tr	PAST	The beaten guy claimed exemption from the draft because of his physical condition , and then he told the recruiter about his assailant in prison .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and feel tightness at my chest : restraints .
tr	PRES	Now put out that fire before David sees it and you get us both killed . "
tr	PRES	" Over ... " " Women . "
tr	PRES	" O. K. Buck .
tr	PRES	She allows a long silence .
tr	PAST	Patrons sitting nearby cheered their approval of the girl-on-girl action , and the heat simmering in Josh 's body rocketed through his groin and up his chest .
tr	PAST	He also feared the work that would be needed when he and Sallie wouldn 't be together .
tr	PRES	Something flashes into my mind , something indefinable .
tr	PRES	He glances around as if to verify my observation .
tr	PAST	Fear jolted through her when she saw .
tr	PRES	" Can I swing by your place so she can pick up the rest of her stuff ? "
tr	PRES	He glances over some of the names and then quickly ushers me into the room and shuts the door .
tr	PRES	She hates my beauty .
tr	PRES	" Although we may have to help Evil succeed in order for our plan to work . "
tr	PAST	Simon plopped back into his chair to hide his growing erection .
tr	PAST	This time the paper instructed him to proceed to another room for further auditions .
tr	PAST	The car slowed as we pulled into town .
tr	PRES	The hope for the future brighter than ever ; and a little life stirring inside her own womb .
tr	PAST	" A man named Joe . "
tr	PAST	He feared for his life .
tr	PRES	" I exist , as you do , as all creatures do . "
tr	PRES	Chang ' e melts the rabbit 's remedy , the one that unites spirit to body , and blends it with her blood .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and listened to every single thought in the room .
tr	PRES	" That ... wasn 't exactly what I was expecting , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her sobs subsided slowly to sniffles .
tr	PAST	She eyed the gun in Sasha 's hand .
tr	PRES	" Plane crash . "
tr	PAST	Stars exploded behind her eyelids .
tr	PRES	I witness several take to the air leaping over our ghouls to get the flesh that wears red or white clothing .
tr	PRES	I cal ed to the others .
tr	PAST	Jane Tate 's face crumpled .
tr	PAST	You pretended not to know who I was .
tr	PRES	He and his friends race off , And they meet an army and two friends , supposedly gone forever . '
tr	PRES	The table opens and the lever pops up .
tr	PAST	He doubted this was one of those situations he 'd look back on years from now and find amusing .
tr	PAST	Eve steered slowly through crowds of lunchtime students walking across the streets , hit the turnaround , and followed Claire 's pointed directions toward the dorm .
tr	PRES	To feel his strong body soar through the deep blue skies of Dark Plains .
tr	PRES	" So which one are you dating ? "
tr	PRES	Viktor lets go of her chin , the simmering storm in his eyes dissipating as fast as it came .
tr	PAST	Using his paw , he flattened me against the pavement .
tr	PRES	' Sure , Sarge .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled my ear and his words sent messages all the way through my body .
tr	PRES	I assume you are in need of a wardrobe fit for a duchess .
tr	PRES	" But - " " And I can 't believe you didn 't warn me . "
tr	PAST	Kneeling before her , he clasped her hands between his .
tr	PRES	As these recollections pass by , their tone begins to undergo a shift .
tr	PAST	Vicki 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" That idiot congressman ... I got so pissed off , so I got his military records and dumped them off at the newspaper . "
tr	PAST	I circled the cabin with my bat in hand looking for any signs of their whereabouts .
tr	PRES	Comes from spending too much time with just myself and my books . "
tr	PRES	Vivian mutters something but I can 't tell what she 's saying .
tr	PAST	Constance motioned to Grace .
tr	PAST	Jonathan slowed , squinting out into the darkness .
tr	PAST	He clipped off his mask , and tied it behind his neck .
tr	PRES	Bile rises up the back of my throat and I swallow it hard .
tr	PAST	Once it was within a hundred feet he flicked his fingers at the craft , sending it toppling end over end into the Nile .
tr	PRES	" A rendezvous ? "
tr	PRES	Realm reaches up suddenly , holding a handful of my curls .
tr	PAST	They rumbled the cans as they crossed them and laughed to themselves .
tr	PAST	When Alex didn 't , the elated beam on her face subsided , and she frowned .
tr	PRES	And then his kiss ... Where their first kiss had quickly led to a driving hunger , this time it was sweet , dreamy .
tr	PRES	The squeak of the back door announces the arrival of my last brother .
tr	PAST	I feared for you , and I did not care for the feeling .
tr	PAST	The breath exploded from her as her heart leapt wildly in her chest .
tr	PAST	I lied to my brother and said I wasn 't going today . "
tr	PAST	" Probably why the drive-in was so popular , " he joked .
tr	PRES	" She tries to vary the place each time so that her brother can 't track her cell phone .
tr	PRES	" But what about keeping her in La Push ? "
tr	PRES	Ronan points silently at a spot to the left of the huts .
tr	PAST	I shuffled through it .
tr	PRES	" You have no idea , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	But the thinking part of me refuses to heed it .
tr	PRES	" What kind of nonsense ? "
tr	PRES	No lights shone through any of the windows .
tr	PRES	With a nod , he begins to walk away .
tr	PRES	Well , " she adds , eyeing the bandage on my shoulder , visible through my undershirt , " Almost . "
tr	PAST	She cringed and heaved one of her huge suitcases onto her bed before unzipping it .
tr	PRES	" Please , Jack , " she begged softly , and she felt his smile against her lips in answer .
tr	PAST	They treated her like Cinderella .
tr	PRES	The vehicle lurches forward .
tr	PRES	Each of the guards bow until she has started up the hill , the moist ground making the climb more difficult than usual .
tr	PAST	" Get in the chair , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	Though , in truth , there was little reason to think so drastically , she always preferred to have every base covered .
tr	PAST	A group of school kids chattered noisily as they raced down the sprawling steps to the hot dog carts and pretzel vendors on Fifth Avenue .
tr	PAST	He created a massive storm and eventually it was Lucian who destroyed the undead while I took to the air above the battle scene . "
tr	PRES	Drinking from poisoned streams .
tr	PAST	The immobilized body writhed under the foil Mylar survival blanket , groaning louder .
tr	PAST	" You proposed here ? "
tr	PRES	" But Mrs. Beaumont loves him , I know that she does . "
tr	PAST	The liquid immediately soaked through my torn shirt and jeans , seeping in through the pores in my skin .
tr	PAST	Moist perked up a little .
tr	PRES	It cracks against Ethan 's back .
tr	PAST	John tensed as she gave him a hug as well , and quickly dislodged himself from her .
tr	PAST	Not a big tree by any means , it still proved heavy enough to effectively render her motionless .
tr	PAST	The notion of our fated love bothered her .
tr	PRES	Our loud moans of pleasure mingle .
tr	PAST	" Not really , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Silence replaced the congratulations .
tr	PRES	Something as simple as that did affect him .
tr	PAST	Blind fury raging in her eyes , the monster stomped about in circles , thrashing her tail violently .
tr	PRES	Trying to push those thoughts away , I deepen the kiss .
tr	PRES	She considers answering the call , but panics and instead sends it to voicemail .
tr	PRES	She experiences a jolt of recognition when she meets a couple meant to be together . "
tr	PAST	Then a stooped older woman shuffled through the door .
tr	PAST	Julie shrank at the outburst .
tr	PRES	Inside lies the hospital wing we 'd left from .
tr	PRES	We provide a hand-knit blanket for each newborn , and the parents take it home with them when they leave .
tr	PAST	I 'm impressed , ' Cole taunted .
tr	PAST	In the station 's toilets he washed his hands and the spoon before dropping it in the bag .
tr	PAST	" Caroline , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	' Peter , my goodness , ' her eyes bulge further still , as though about to break through her glasses .
tr	PAST	He just crawled off the bed and started getting dressed .
tr	PRES	" So , umm ... what brought you here ? "
tr	PRES	" It all tastes pretty much the same to me . "
tr	PRES	" My previous offer still stands . "
tr	PAST	I lied and said I had a small one .
tr	PRES	Her ass was softly pressing against his groin , her breasts resting against his forearm .
tr	PRES	" When it 's dark , stars shine the brightest . "
tr	PAST	Anchored to rings in the floor , thick chains crisscrossed each segment of its body .
tr	PAST	Anakin floated the trooper over to Obi-Wan .
tr	PAST	Thomas ' face again bore a tragic mask .
tr	PAST	Nick balked at the name .
tr	PAST	She sensed something was wrong and quickly opened her eyes when she heard Ryan 's frantic cry .
tr	PAST	He relayed the situation .
tr	PAST	The whole drive here , the thought replayed in my head over and over like a bad song on the radio .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the page .
tr	PRES	Shelton tries to see him somewhere in the smoke but can see nothing but gutted shadows from the reflected fires on the glass .
tr	PAST	I massaged my temples trying to make the world stop whirling .
tr	PAST	" Scar , " I sobbed .
tr	PRES	They scramble around , grabbing equipment .
tr	PAST	If he said no , he doubted Byrnes would believe him .
tr	PRES	" Help me out here , " I urge Mack .
tr	PRES	At an age when one should never have those kind of deep , meaningful sighs .
tr	PRES	Her mouth open , panting breaths and moans escaping each time he rocked into her , harder with each thrust .
tr	PAST	The glittering gem stones that sparkled and flashed as they twirled on their supporting strings .
tr	PAST	She barely refrained from collapsing again at the thought .
tr	PAST	He charged John and swung his staff high then down toward him .
tr	PRES	" A blushing pirate ? "
tr	PRES	" Two men on these in front , two flank the back , the rest with me inside .
tr	PAST	Colour sprouted in his cheeks and he jerked harder , a curse muffled on his lips .
tr	PRES	Catching the briefest glimpse of the ninja 's hands , Link sees they are wrapped in the same disgusting cloth as his legs and feet .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 8 Screams pierced Sam 's ears , jerking him out of a deep sleep .
tr	PAST	That shooter was never identified , the murder never solved .
tr	PAST	" That 's just it , " the words nearly exploded out of her .
tr	PRES	You arrive at the address and look at your watch .
tr	PAST	He knelt beside her , his pants still unbuttoned .
tr	PRES	My hand twitches with this aching urge to ball my hand into a fist and punch the casualness off his face .
tr	PAST	Steam washed over him .
tr	PAST	Mike slapped the big burly man on the shoulder , but Bill apparently wasn 't satisfied because he pulled Mike into a brotherly hug .
tr	PRES	" The tail . "
tr	PAST	" I told you , you wouldn 't like it , " Silver stated with a matter-of-fact tone .
tr	PAST	" I may be sick , " he announced .
tr	PRES	Probably better and more intimately than those who stay in the luxurious hotels and air conditioned coaches .
tr	PAST	But Jackson was being slapped with a reality that she had been living with for nearly two years .
tr	PRES	He stands behind one of the chained people .
tr	PAST	She skipped away again .
tr	PRES	The crinkled iron slides back to reveal a gaping hole in the ceiling .
tr	PRES	She folds herself into the lotus position beside me .
tr	PAST	He fetched the pot and a cup for himself .
tr	PAST	" I was expelled , " I announced .
tr	PAST	I received a glancing blow to the head ; he 'd aimed for my shoulders again on the seventeenth stroke .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not torn up , " I protest .
tr	PAST	They stripped us of our atmosphere and bathed every square inch of land and ocean in flame .
tr	PAST	Trees rustled and I felt a sudden chill run down the back of my neck , across my shoulders , and down my arms .
tr	PAST	I trusted him even though he was a thief .
tr	PAST	" Sloppy , " she taunted .
tr	PRES	" Okay , hello , and what the hell ? "
tr	PAST	It bore beautiful workmanship .
tr	PAST	At nine , I phoned her back .
tr	PRES	" I assume I 'll see you at breakfast ? "
tr	PRES	His heart beating faster as midnight creeps closer .
tr	PAST	Whoever invented them did so with the intent to torture kids everywhere .
tr	PRES	" This figure rises a monument to liberty !
tr	PAST	Verity crouched beside her and felt for the pulse in Elyssa 's throat .
tr	PAST	Fate simply lent a hand . "
tr	PAST	Susan whipped her head toward the window of the sofa jerk , but could hear her friends scream .
tr	PAST	Terry gritted his teeth against the pain radiating up from his ankle .
tr	PRES	Pain tastes like truffles to me .
tr	PRES	Then I lean forward and whistle loudly .
tr	PRES	And don 't even try to compare superstition to ... to ... blood rape . "
tr	PRES	I crack an eyelid to look at her , flinching against the harsh daylight as I do .
tr	PAST	She sobbed into my shoulder and I reached around to pat her back .
tr	PRES	She closed her eyes , her fingertips drumming on the tabletop .
tr	PRES	" And Katherine ? "
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mumbled and took a deep breath .
tr	PRES	And then he sings this incredible song , which ended with him proposing , in the song .
tr	PRES	The glowing box fades away , replaced with a video that starts playing automatically .
tr	PRES	Once I have it under control , I whisper , " He loves me .
tr	PRES	" It never ceases to amaze me how much closet space you have , Amy . "
tr	PRES	His family loves me , and I will be a very fitting bride to his empire .
tr	PAST	Sit down , ' he instructed .
tr	PAST	I crumpled up the little piece of paper and hurled it toward the wall .
tr	PAST	I downed another chocolate , then asked , " So , how is Kellen holding up after last night ? "
tr	PRES	You no longer belong to any of the following people that once held claim to you and your past .
tr	PAST	The two shrieked in fear .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone through the half-light .
tr	PAST	She brightened , " But they 're all intelligent , and they 'll be moving into their rightful educational levels soon . "
tr	PAST	Maggie cringed at the thought of her matchmaker daughter in action .
tr	PRES	Her face shapes the facsimile of a smile .
tr	PRES	A picture pops into my mind .
tr	PRES	She upends her glass over her tongue to catch the last drops , then pushes it aside .
tr	PRES	Olivia mumbled something about checking in with Keira , and then she left , but I didn 't pay much attention to her .
tr	PRES	" Chica , she 's trying to clinch , punch her away from you ! "
tr	PAST	He dealt us a hand , and now he wants to play . "
tr	PRES	His serious eyes roam my face and he leans closer to me .
tr	PAST	Julia clasped her suddenly cold hands in front of her .
tr	PRES	He points to the menu , and she nods .
tr	PAST	She jolted and spun to face him , finding him so close her heart leaped into her throat .
tr	PRES	Then he lies still , activated only by slow gentle rhythmic breathing .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head and regarded her .
tr	PAST	" And you stomp people 's breakup ice cream into the floor . "
tr	PRES	" The Cursed Hand guy . "
tr	PRES	At first they starved and died by the hundreds .
tr	PRES	Skye hooks her arm around my elbow and leads me out the back door , cutting across the alley to the back of the doll store .
tr	PAST	" I 've got this , " Chase cheered as he charged onto a red light .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his suit jacket pocket and pulls out an envelope .
tr	PAST	That spurred me to action .
tr	PRES	Not much else of the couple remains in the house -- I know one of them was a fan of old western novels .
tr	PRES	" A few blocks from the library . "
tr	PAST	The bartender denied several times of being a communist and philosopher after the ways of the infamous Englishman .
tr	PRES	You reproach me with your creation , come on , then , that I may extinguish the spark which I so negligently bestowed . '
tr	PRES	He sighs and leans against the lockers .
tr	PRES	The floor creaks beneath each slow step I take .
tr	PAST	Melanie hedged , suggesting , " How about a place in town ? "
tr	PRES	By the time the noise reaches her , her twin is gone , slipped away .
tr	PRES	I snuggle closer , reveling in the touch of him .
tr	PRES	" Never mind , luv .
tr	PAST	I propped myself up on an elbow ; my hair brushed over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Sixty-five tons for the heaviest module . "
tr	PAST	I thanked her , and hung up .
tr	PAST	The directive unsettled her .
tr	PRES	After changing into fresh pj 's , like a total hermit , I padded over to my desk , where I 'd left my cell phone .
tr	PAST	He prayed it wasn 't too late .
tr	PRES	" Think you are ... " Push .
tr	PRES	" Excuse my language , but don 't you find it a bit crazy that a man is teaching the Mommy and Me class ?
tr	PAST	My phone vibrated in my coat pocket , and I reached in to see a text from Daryl .
tr	PAST	He crouched down at the entrance to the culvert and surveyed the interior .
tr	PRES	Sometimes the blunt term fits the bill best .
tr	PRES	None of that bothers you , right ? "
tr	PRES	" I love you , " she whispers , and then her body grips me hard , pulsing around me tighter than I 've ever felt .
tr	PRES	" Life changes us , that 's for sure . "
tr	PAST	I refrained from shaking my head .
tr	PAST	" You 're right Mr. President " , Majeed concurred , moving to the screen and maneuvering a few buttons to bring up a new screen .
tr	PAST	Jack and Jim cheered a bit as they drove the injured Gremlin far away from the site of the fight .
tr	PAST	When we were both more collected , he extended his hand to me , and I happily took it .
tr	PRES	He hates that Dean knows what his childhood was like .
tr	PAST	" Please , " she begged again as she wrapped her legs around him .
tr	PAST	It froze his heart .
tr	PAST	He thanked Lydia for the coffee and picked up a cookie .
tr	PRES	Like a solitary blade of grass that bears no significance to the world of hooves and horsemen 's feet . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm good at everything , " he points out .
tr	PAST	I cringed against the heat in his voice , even though it wasn 't directed towards me .
tr	PAST	Giant masks decorated the walls , each a bronze human face , each with one eye squinted shut .
tr	PAST	" Yes he is , " Brother Follett stated looking down upon the terrified creature chained to the wall .
tr	PAST	" Kind of arrogant , " he countered .
tr	PAST	The T-shirt she wore rasped her aching nipples , tempting her to remove it , but she knew better .
tr	PRES	He presses a button on the control panel .
tr	PAST	A flat layer of bumpy clouds panned across most of it , the eastern edge outlined in fiery orange .
tr	PAST	I sensed the mood getting ugly , after everything we 'd seen today .
tr	PRES	These interactions teach us how to respond to others . "
tr	PAST	And he pondered her question for a while and then just said that this was different , but Mary couldn 't really see that it was .
tr	PAST	" Finish it , " she urged .
tr	PRES	" Elizabeth Duncan , but you can call me Biddy , lass .
tr	PRES	" Mallory , " she whispered , tears clogging her throat .
tr	PAST	The band vibrated intensely .
tr	PAST	He approved of it all with fervent endorsement .
tr	PAST	Below , the rundown , long abandoned school sat , a blight upon the blighted land .
tr	PRES	Just in case cancer tries to come back and make me its bitch . "
tr	PRES	" This program helps us to interpret the data in an understandable way .
tr	PAST	Then her thoughts subsided back into the mass .
tr	PRES	" Cyrus doesn 't discuss , he lectures . "
tr	PRES	When he didn 't say anything , she plowed on .
tr	PRES	He winks at Uncle Jared .
tr	PRES	My reality slams into me , hard and fast and ugly .
tr	PAST	Common sense dictated that I stop and seek help .
tr	PAST	He watched as a dagger was cocooned , then emerged as a small boy who had no limbs .
tr	PRES	Matt lets him stick around to chase off the dangerous critters that might roam onto the property . "
tr	PAST	Jace squinted through the dripping rain .
tr	PRES	Now , if you could just join us , and tell us how many seats we need to find in the vehicles . "
tr	PAST	The bedraggled man with his hands clasped firmly on his head obeyed and looked petrified .
tr	PAST	His lips tickled my ear .
tr	PAST	Kimber still cheered with her .
tr	PAST	Albert sniffed , then tipped the beer toward Brian .
tr	PAST	Finishing the last of his beer , he rendered payment for the food and beer , leaving Carla a big tip .
tr	PAST	With a wide swipe across the screen , the applications collapsed .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Liam frowns .
tr	PRES	" No more walking , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	" Mr. President ? "
tr	PRES	He holds up the plate filled with triangle cut sandwiches .
tr	PAST	The clerk named a price that shocked her .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Abby .
tr	PRES	One by one , their heavy trunks smack the ground in thunderous explosions that send vibrations through the soles of my feet .
tr	PRES	" It 's not like you knew me then , " she whispers , as if she were mournful that I didn 't .
tr	PRES	" No one around here likes to have decent , intelligent discussions . "
tr	PAST	The man plunged toward Walker , tearing through the trees like a big hunting cat intent on bringing down a deer .
tr	PAST	They visited him in nightmares .
tr	PAST	Seconds later Northern High scored .
tr	PAST	They saluted at once and then parted to reveal bound men and a woman kneeling on the ground .
tr	PAST	She flicked her hand impatiently .
tr	PAST	The pain and embarrassment lingered in me .
tr	PAST	But now ... Jesus wept .
tr	PAST	Dollop flung the gun half a mile towards the university and skipped down .
tr	PRES	Once again , the knife arc downward and plunged into my stomach .
tr	PRES	' This is the perfect moment , ' Louisa whispered loudly .
tr	PAST	Stopping in front of the door , Sara readjusted her ponytail , wiped her sweaty hands on her jeans , and knocked .
tr	PAST	His fiancee extended her hand the way any woman shows off her engagement ring and Mrs. K gasped then clapped with unrestrained excitement .
tr	PRES	" And she likes the idea of riding .
tr	PAST	Emeline yawned hugely and not at all politely .
tr	PAST	The smell of burnt flesh violated the air as Emilio 's hand was ruthlessly burned .
tr	PRES	" But she still lets me wear my tutu .
tr	PAST	" Tell me something I don 't know , " I grunted .
tr	PAST	He received no water or food for the day and under the scorching sun it had to be unbearable .
tr	PRES	" Is this really the right thing to do , Shadow ? "
tr	PRES	" No more lies . "
tr	PRES	" But it brings them closer . "
tr	PAST	Just thinking about her carrying another man 's child produced such an inner agony that the oxygen constricted his lungs and he couldn 't breathe .
tr	PAST	Kurt inhaled , taking in the scent of a new city , as he walked down the stairs .
tr	PAST	A flush heightened his cheekbones .
tr	PAST	Mmm , there , shove those fingers in as hard and fast as you can manage .
tr	PRES	I lean my forehead against the glass .
tr	PRES	Our tempers and emotions flare that entire week . "
tr	PAST	Her healer instincts perked up and her feet started to move back inside until Declan gripped her waist and held her back .
tr	PAST	My entire chest completely hollowed out as if Preston 's words grew claws and snatched the heart straight from between my ribs .
tr	PRES	" And I assume you had something to do with that too ? "
tr	PAST	He dumped the contents of the cube onto the floor .
tr	PAST	A dead highway up ahead revealed a pool of water in its shadow .
tr	PRES	" Uh-oh , " Riley mutters , glancing down at me with a wicked glint in her eye .
tr	PAST	Corporal ( possibly ) Cotton saluted in front of the fort 's sergeant , who was trying to shave .
tr	PRES	" Did we say so , precious ?
tr	PRES	" What of a ... Stephen ? "
tr	PRES	Dark blue , with white , choppy waves smashing against the rocks of the shore , roaring like a monster .
tr	PRES	" So what 's new , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	His silken hair caressed her skin , sent shock waves rippling through her body .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and scrubbed the paw over his face .
tr	PRES	My gaze slides to Nadia , still sitting with her back to us , crying .
tr	PRES	They abandon their routines .
tr	PRES	" Any time now , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	I prayed for escape , but my captivity only revealed new watchmen .
tr	PAST	He motioned for him to smoke it as well .
tr	PAST	I cringed stiffly away .
tr	PAST	Such powerfully charged choreography and showmanship .
tr	PAST	After what feels like an eternity , he speaks , his tone resigned .
tr	PRES	" You 're middle-aged , " Dean mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	" You owe me , " he gritted .
tr	PAST	You never disobeyed your tutors .
tr	PAST	" Go on , " urged Father .
tr	PRES	He glances over at the cheerleaders .
tr	PRES	He circled the back of her thighs with his hands , his fingers grazing the apex of her legs .
tr	PAST	She relayed their intention to remain inside the tree overnight .
tr	PAST	The smoke crawled underneath the clouds to reach and then scatter to nothing .
tr	PRES	Along the way I marvel at how much life there is beneath the ocean .
tr	PRES	" I love you , Tabitha Kelly , " he whispers back .
tr	PAST	He sensed she was about to attack after distracting him .
tr	PRES	I lean back slowly .
tr	PRES	" Does this qualify as an emergency ? "
tr	PRES	" Small amounts as if he is being fed them , but it is in his muscles and tissues . "
tr	PRES	" I knew it , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	A beer bottle shattered on the cruiser 's force shields .
tr	PAST	" There you are , " the new arrival announced .
tr	PAST	She prayed he wouldn 't need long .
tr	PRES	' Mr Sullivan , did you engage in sex with Carol Butterfield ? '
tr	PAST	" That 's what I thought , " rumbled Cain .
tr	PRES	As if to prove his point , Laila lets off a series of squirts .
tr	PAST	" They matched . "
tr	PAST	She awoke in the night because he wanted her again .
tr	PRES	Brax stops walking and looks at me with concern .
tr	PRES	Flooring the accelerator , Nicolas whipped the car around and drove them away from the blazing town .
tr	PRES	Nick tries to make a game out of it by dancing back and forth but Josie freezes up and does not respond .
tr	PRES	He lets me pull him backwards .
tr	PAST	She chided herself for the insensitive thought ; no doubt they were just as shaken as she was by what they had just gone through .
tr	PRES	Granny exhales then inhales , not smiling while replacing the pie back upon the tray .
tr	PAST	My face split into a grin .
tr	PAST	" Please , " she begged on a rasping breath when he let her free for just long enough to try to catch her breath .
tr	PRES	" Though my mama tried to teach me better judgment . "
tr	PAST	There were the sounds of a lot of voices talking at once , all of their words muffled .
tr	PAST	Her ears perked up at the sound and I could see a comfort in her mind from it .
tr	PRES	" Not that I noticed , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	This proved a bit tricky : there were babysitters to obtain , schedules to consider ( kids , work , husbands , etc ) .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Burke . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked around , taking stock of her situation .
tr	PRES	I shout , raising a block of cover from the floor for her to hide behind .
tr	PRES	" No , his hopes and dreams vanish .
tr	PAST	The whole time , he 'd lied .
tr	PRES	" We 're going to start calling you Goldilocks , " I warn .
tr	PRES	" And Clark . "
tr	PAST	He eyed the knife in her hands .
tr	PAST	Lights glowed at the far end of the shaft , almost half a kilometer away .
tr	PAST	She had risked everything to be with him .
tr	PAST	After a moment of searching through the bag , he produced a box and handed it to me .
tr	PRES	' Come , my faux juggernaut , my nefarious loins !
tr	PRES	" That 's not fair , " I mumbled into his chest .
tr	PAST	And created him for what purpose ?
tr	PAST	Her name still really bothered me , but I did my best to be mature about it as I said , " Did she say why ? "
tr	PAST	" I 'm not hungry , " Austin mumbled , shaking her head at Dustin .
tr	PRES	Nicholas falls to the ground motionless .
tr	PAST	But when in Rome ... He looked over to Kane , who was crouched on his belly beside him .
tr	PRES	Dax slows the bike down to a crawl .
tr	PRES	He holds them up in his hand so the camera can see them clearly .
tr	PAST	A huge map of the Laramie base and a thick stack of papers clipped together .
tr	PRES	" What about Miranda ?
tr	PRES	It carries an exotic accent .
tr	PRES	I gulp as he talks .
tr	PRES	Chapter 29 He watched his fellow Overseers file into the conference room .
tr	PRES	Knox helps me with my other heel then takes my hands and leads me out of the room .
tr	PRES	' Not celebrate Christmas ! '
tr	PAST	Gia shrieked as a stray pigeon flew toward her .
tr	PAST	" It also prevented us from ever being able to land Godspeed . "
tr	PAST	Cornel pursued indirectly , by running around to the coven entrance , but he trailed far behind .
tr	PAST	Ryan limped slowly down the aisle , his arm around Claire .
tr	PAST	A part of me overflowed with joy that I would finally see my girl again .
tr	PAST	She dared to ask , " Pate plans to keep me locked up , doesn 't he ? "
tr	PRES	" You 're no one , " he whispers before he goes still altogether .
tr	PRES	Water beads in his hair , his long eyelashes , his lips .
tr	PAST	He squinted one eye and gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Alice 's lips curved in a teasing grin .
tr	PRES	He lashes out , a move that would 've broken my forearm if he 'd connected .
tr	PAST	If Joe knew anything about the Bible , he would 've stormed the police station ; he wouldn 't have kept the news to himself .
tr	PAST	" Eh ... it 's okay , " I teased her , laughing when Grace slugged me in the arm .
tr	PRES	As a bear he ranges far and wide .
tr	PRES	He murmurs a wordless agreement .
tr	PAST	His tone was curt , his words clipped .
tr	PRES	' Actually , they 're not at all what they seem , ' Freak whispers to me mysteriously , making an odd twirling of his hands .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but she refuses to budge . "
tr	PAST	Is a man who has a vast collection of comic books , he collected them since he was twelve .
tr	PAST	Felix grunted , and I apologized quietly .
tr	PAST	Kyle palmed Phoebe 's back .
tr	PAST	My cell phone chimed .
tr	PRES	" Fair winds , and mind you don 't let Emily run wild . "
tr	PAST	J.C. motioned furiously for me to hide it in front of myself , so cars passing along the street to my right wouldn 't see .
tr	PAST	The flush on my face deepened now and I became very embarrassed about my act of voyeurism .
tr	PRES	She steals Matt 's nuts by crawling into his lap and prying them from his hands .
tr	PRES	" Your enthusiasm is contagious , my lady , " he mumbled as he helped me rise from my chair .
tr	PAST	" That 's so sad , " Lydia exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" She still loves you , Zane ; she 's your mom . "
tr	PRES	The second she sees my face she 's going to know I 'm not Mum .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her pipe and the empty Ziploc into the bottom of her backpack , tucking them under a spare pair of panties .
tr	PRES	He reaches for something on the top shelf , which is stacked with board games .
tr	PAST	She circled him with her tongue then took an inch of him in her mouth , withdrew , and licked the sides of him again .
tr	PAST	Then he waddled away toward the octopus mural .
tr	PAST	When he climbed into bed with Jase , Jase extended his arm and Luis snuggled up against his chest .
tr	PRES	He releases my hand so we can sit on the curb .
tr	PAST	Even though Ali rolled her eyes , the rest of the girls pretended not to notice .
tr	PAST	Evy 's face soured .
tr	PAST	Shane steadily transformed into the beast inside .
tr	PRES	And stop drooling . '
tr	PAST	He tugged the hem of the T-shirt from under her ass and lifted it over her head .
tr	PRES	These runes , however , only specify the destination in vague terms .
tr	PAST	The soft intake of breath as the wolf readied himself to leap forward .
tr	PRES	He sees me at the same time and leaps up .
tr	PRES	But , you , Cherie ... you 're all still just people .
tr	PAST	David awoke particularly late the next morning , complaining about a horrific nightmare he had the night before .
tr	PAST	To either side of them , sanctuary awaited ; twin rows of glistening metallic pods .
tr	PRES	" Hush now my old friend .
tr	PRES	The ability to jump higher , to move faster , than prey .
tr	PAST	His wife pinched him to settle down , but George wasn 't having any of it .
tr	PRES	Can you rig up something to pull all this stuff up ? "
tr	PAST	" In any homicide , the police look at the husband or boyfriend first , then extended family members and friends .
tr	PRES	He holds her chin up and looks into her eyes .
tr	PAST	We experienced a wonderful distraction just now , but our situation will call on each of us quickly .
tr	PAST	Kylie 's heart clutched .
tr	PRES	" That big cedar ... " " The one we called Hotel California . " "
tr	PAST	That depth she 'd seen in the workshop .
tr	PRES	Lon Lon Ranch stands solitary in the center of Hyrule Field .
tr	PRES	Her heart rate slows until it 's nothing more than a soft murmur .
tr	PAST	She skipped another page , put the date at the top of the page , and stopped .
tr	PRES	Perhaps you mistook that for a request .
tr	PRES	" Only after some time did I begin to see -- that a greater story buried in our past did exist but it was not ours alone .
tr	PRES	Each peg cranked echoed in the sterile room .
tr	PRES	It falls under domestic detail . "
tr	PRES	And Matt passes me a tissue so I can blot my eyes .
tr	PAST	Bark stated eagerly while wagging his tail and then he started walking through the paths in the snow that they had created getting here .
tr	PAST	The road flattened out and then sloped gradually downhill .
tr	PAST	She stole a glance in his direction and noticed the tight lines around his eyes and the clenching muscles in the side of his jaw .
tr	PAST	* * * * * Rick awoke slowly and glanced at the alarm clock on his night table .
tr	PAST	Addy sensed that they weren 't used to having problems within the group .
tr	PRES	" Our war lies with the Syndicate .
tr	PAST	The next morning I awoke energized and with a peaceful calm in my body .
tr	PAST	Without hesitation , he swooped down and planted a kiss on her lips .
tr	PRES	Then Grubbs lets go of my hand and Bec 's .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Dev .
tr	PRES	" I assume this is non-negotiable . "
tr	PRES	I value highly everything you do for me , and I 'm grateful for your unconditional friendship and support .
tr	PAST	The oh god risked a look down .
tr	PAST	She fetched her husband , much to his irritation , and brought him to the long low building where the sleds were kept .
tr	PAST	Her mind groped for the words to explain .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	Immediately , I dismissed the thought .
tr	PAST	And then he walked out , bell chimed as the door opened while holding it for a woman who now entered .
tr	PRES	Seen him thereby identify himself as an opponent .
tr	PAST	" Has my staff treated you so poorly that you 've lost your manners ? "
tr	PRES	And we -- we are just as much prey for them as you are . "
tr	PRES	All your power over me lies in the other . "
tr	PRES	He sighs as we make our way inside .
tr	PRES	" Hey , she no looking good , eh ?
tr	PRES	' Some adapt ... ' ' Some do not . '
tr	PAST	He inhaled with a hiss .
tr	PAST	They rocketed past it doing at least seventy , maybe eighty miles an hour .
tr	PRES	If there are prophecies , if there is a Hero of Ages , then my mind whispers that there must be something directing my path .
tr	PAST	He advanced upon her , and then Daniel switched positions in his vision .
tr	PRES	Her voice rises in a panic as she takes in the rifle strapped to my chest .
tr	PRES	" I have to , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Frank winks at me .
tr	PAST	Frankie stomped on his foot again and this time he released her .
tr	PAST	Deckard pondered this and talk turned over to other matters .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	He reciprocated my smile .
tr	PAST	She shrank when she could not .
tr	PRES	Everything else fades away .
tr	PRES	Those dimples ... oh , they kill me every time ! "
tr	PRES	Your power wil feed his ... and vice versa . "
tr	PRES	" Having you there allows us to stop splitting our focus .
tr	PAST	Waves of sensation washed over me as my orgasm rose to meet me for the second time .
tr	PAST	Chaos arose , as neither Nephilim nor vampires yet understood how new vampires were made or how they could be reliably killed .
tr	PAST	Sticking it down on the tabletop , he produced a pen from another pocket .
tr	PAST	A small text document , also encrypted .
tr	PAST	" We can 't exactly get started immediately , but you could practice , " she dared him , heat gathering between her thighs and branching outward .
tr	PAST	I tugged on the vampire 's chain to make sure I had its complete attention .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know how we got out of there , " Gage whispers into my neck .
tr	PAST	Vines snaked around them , out of reach , bearing small scarlet , purple , and light blue flowers .
tr	PRES	A damned shame that the mark wouldn 't last .
tr	PRES	She begins to riffle through my wardrobe .
tr	PRES	The day passes quickly .
tr	PAST	It extended a bullhorn which turned in his direction .
tr	PRES	Ha ha ha ! "
tr	PAST	Dizzy and very tired Sam , and Frodo following him , crawled up the last step , and sat down rubbing their legs and knees .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps your wolf senses something about Eva that you do not care for , and it sees her as a potential rival . "
tr	PRES	Without warning , the scent of coffee fills the air .
tr	PRES	It took me a minute to recognize it as my beach sharer 's feeble flashlight , not nearly a darkness scalpel like mine .
tr	PRES	I lean in closer .
tr	PAST	" No , " he reiterated firmly .
tr	PAST	Fear fisted her entire body .
tr	PAST	I attempted to smile , but it fell quickly as he continued to scrutinize me .
tr	PAST	Instead Turner adjusted his hat .
tr	PRES	I left it out because I didn 't want to shock you , " Lisa explains .
tr	PRES	Let 's relax . "
tr	PRES	" That belong to others . "
tr	PRES	" Miss Manners ' School for Girls ? "
tr	PRES	Looking torn , he glances over and then steps all the way into the bathroom , closing the door behind him .
tr	PAST	She crouched low , her tail slashing back and forth behind her .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , like surfing the internet , " Jenny teased .
tr	PRES	He glances at my purse .
tr	PRES	So , he kills aristocracy .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled , and I broke off a corner .
tr	PRES	I recall my mother saying I was about the twins ' size , and they were pretty small . "
tr	PAST	Her hand circled his pulsing length .
tr	PAST	" I can 't believe that you 're going to your first dance , " she sniffed .
tr	PRES	The voices shone like stars in the sky .
tr	PAST	His head tipped down and alarm shot through her at the way he said it .
tr	PRES	Elijah opens a window wide .
tr	PRES	" Carry on , Maxim .
tr	PRES	And Logan 's severed head pops like a melon dropped from a great height .
tr	PAST	Rachel squealed , running up to me as I was cleaning out my locker .
tr	PRES	' No , not just immortality as we understand it .
tr	PAST	Her phone vibrated in her purse , and she pulled it out .
tr	PAST	Love floated around the two of them in heavy waves .
tr	PRES	It seems like you have a soul , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Megan snaps her fingers in front of Verity 's face .
tr	PRES	A number of data points .
tr	PAST	But it served a purpose .
tr	PAST	Avoid Folklore at all cost . '
tr	PAST	She froze with the burger in her mouth .
tr	PRES	" She bleeds ! "
tr	PAST	" The detective in charge messed up the way he gathered the evidence or something . "
tr	PRES	Carolina rises and brushes the creases that sitting has caused from her dress .
tr	PAST	In that moment , he reflected on all of the events that had taken place since he 'd left from his home .
tr	PAST	Her father preferred the brown leather recliner that sat in the corner and faced the flat screen television .
tr	PRES	Will brings the microphone to his mouth and finds me in the crowd .
tr	PRES	" She would never hurt me , she protects me . "
tr	PRES	" He deserves to know this , Blaire . "
tr	PAST	My skirt pinched at my stomach and there was a run in my nylons .
tr	PAST	I slapped the door and heard the lock clunk open .
tr	PRES	She stretches out her arms almost comically and does her customary yawn .
tr	PAST	The material of his pajama bottoms tickled my legs .
tr	PRES	For now , the question remains , Who hired her and why ? "
tr	PRES	" There you have it , Laura . "
tr	PRES	Marked in chalk , the words shone on the cobblestones , just a few steps from the door of the Marco Polo high .
tr	PAST	To his left , two sheriff 's deputies restrained Brother Follett from behind , forcing him to kneel in a twisted , contorted , painful position .
tr	PRES	Japan likes it , too .
tr	PRES	Eventually , she stops hitting and rests her forehead on my chest .
tr	PRES	He lets me stuff the bread in my mouth and move on .
tr	PRES	Sam throws an arm around me .
tr	PAST	I freed myself from his control .
tr	PAST	A new stab of fear pierced him .
tr	PRES	His jade green eyes almost shone in the dim light .
tr	PRES	A few chews later and he could smell nothing .
tr	PRES	" What brings you so far Out ? "
tr	PRES	Am I imagining things or are they reaching for a zipper ?
tr	PRES	He stares , unblinking , a replica of Castle , who 's sitting in a chair across from him .
tr	PAST	" When you deleted the cipher key off the institute 's server , " Davis said , " you eliminated it .
tr	PAST	A sudden thought leaped into Pippin 's mind , and he acted on it at once .
tr	PRES	It matches my nails ! "
tr	PRES	The man will not die in our forest , I warn you . "
tr	PRES	Heat rises to my face .
tr	PAST	Although , it probably would be nice to let the people of Kiki marvel at Tau 's Cup for awhile . "
tr	PRES	He never mentions that name , but you find yourself filling it in the blanks for him without it having been said . "
tr	PAST	Rema reluctantly threaded the needle and took the fabric Aunt Maya shoved at her .
tr	PRES	The stronger strength embalming fluid kills the parasite .
tr	PRES	His eyes snap open and he twists my arm in an awkward position that tears at my muscles .
tr	PRES	" So ... are you going to call Ed ? "
tr	PAST	Sky cocked his head in thought .
tr	PAST	I would never have risked my family otherwise . "
tr	PAST	He groped for the right words as a drowning man might clutch at flotsam .
tr	PRES	When she realized who it was , her expression clouded .
tr	PAST	Lines deepened on her forehead and the words dropped in a quick whisper .
tr	PRES	Although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and is licensed for personal use only .
tr	PAST	He obviously trusted Adam Templeton a great deal .
tr	PRES	" Promise me , Owen .
tr	PRES	With a tilt of her chin , she falls into business mode .
tr	PAST	But the key had eluded them .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER TWO " Horseback riding , " Daniel announced , proudly .
tr	PAST	I squealed as he grabbed for me again .
tr	PAST	Dave sped off as abruptly as he 'd stopped .
tr	PAST	The stench of soured spaghetti sauce washed over me .
tr	PAST	So he opted to simply heal the skin over the wounds again , hoping to avoid excessive blood loss .
tr	PRES	She secretly observe and listened to everyone as they explore the house .
tr	PRES	His voice was growing louder , his dancing wilder .
tr	PRES	" Runner , nobody likes a beggar .
tr	PAST	He lied to the governor that his son had stumbled into their camp drunk and had tripped over a sword and slain himself .
tr	PRES	He remains staunchly fixated , unmoved by what I 've just told him .
tr	PAST	Sebastian 's calloused hand caressed her hip as he rose .
tr	PRES	She tries to understand my fascination , but I always see the disappointment in her eyes .
tr	PAST	He reappeared moments later with a glass bottle of black liquid .
tr	PAST	Autumn tugged his hand .
tr	PAST	Talon 's lungs seized .
tr	PRES	Streams of dusty light shone through like long prying fingers .
tr	PAST	The sword eyed the girl , who was once again raising her sword and charging at me .
tr	PAST	She clasped Quade 's hand tighter .
tr	PAST	I dared to raise my eyes and meet Selena 's gaze .
tr	PRES	I crawled to my knees , my ears ringing from the blast .
tr	PRES	I lean back against him , against his warmth and strength .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Robert mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her father treated her harshly and critically , judging all of her actions .
tr	PAST	But instead I plunged back in .
tr	PRES	He lets out a low whistle .
tr	PRES	When I pull up to my house , the front door opens .
tr	PAST	His deep baritone conjured her forth , and she appeared in the monastery 's vaulted doorway , clutching the infant to her chest .
tr	PAST	Like the salt , it practically glowed , leaving a trail of light where she waved it in the air .
tr	PAST	( laughs ) Crafty recorded " All the Shit that 's Fit to Print . "
tr	PAST	He leaped forward so fast that I had only enough time to turn my head .
tr	PRES	When I reach lane two I dive in before standing up and rinsing my goggles off .
tr	PRES	" I think I 'm going to have to demand a pay raise then , " he teased .
tr	PAST	His heart clutched into a strained knot .
tr	PRES	But before I even realize I 'm doing it , I lean into Maddy and start to kiss her .
tr	PAST	The diamonds finished , reduced the dominos to two streams again , then one , which zigzagged up ramps to the ceiling fixture , its facets removed .
tr	PAST	The bright moon reflected off the rippled water .
tr	PRES	What brings you up this a way ? "
tr	PAST	It featured similar beefcake on the cover of the first card .
tr	PRES	But then people overcome those ... circumstances ... and ... " " So you believe in second chances ? "
tr	PAST	the fleet 's traffic controller advised .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes again .
tr	PRES	I pump my legs and soar higher and higher .
tr	PAST	Tabitha cocked her head .
tr	PAST	This rest , while monotonous , proved to be therapeutic in a way .
tr	PRES	A ring of fire bursts to life around us , turning the dark cavern into an illuminated space .
tr	PAST	Joey eyed him hard and then turned away .
tr	PRES	her eyes shone with the icy rage of betrayal .
tr	PRES	Maybe he ' l relax a bit .
tr	PAST	As intriguing as Susan made it sound , the idea of messing with the brain 's natural chemistry troubled Clementine .
tr	PAST	Richard dismissed me with a wave of his hand .
tr	PAST	Layla awoke before Brian .
tr	PRES	It tastes like Sebastian 's . "
tr	PRES	" Lovely , " he murmurs as he taps his fingers against Yasmine 's skin .
tr	PAST	Earl grunted and pushed away from the table .
tr	PAST	The scene unfolded slowly as the figure appeared from no-where standing in the middle of the road .
tr	PRES	Most of the ton refuses him admittance .
tr	PRES	I assume that was Zoey . "
tr	PRES	" The story begins at the Crucifixion of Christ .
tr	PRES	" What about Ashley ?
tr	PRES	Can you ever forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	I wither in your steely presence .
tr	PAST	" You ladies sure are keeping us busy these days . "
tr	PAST	His sensual mouth curved into a smile , and his gaze drifted over her before his lashes lowered and his hand moved over the guitar .
tr	PRES	You know what has to be done , " I plead .
tr	PRES	" Because I know you like her , Kane .
tr	PRES	I lean my back against Bilal 's broad stomach as it moves in and out in the slow , peaceful rhythm of sleep .
tr	PRES	" Not so easy , Scar .
tr	PAST	Two people she cared about lied to her about this bizarre fact for weeks .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened as he said his wife 's name .
tr	PRES	" And therefore off-limits to him . "
tr	PAST	She sobbed , begged and promised him anything if he would just allow her release .
tr	PRES	What if he hates me ?
tr	PAST	As soon as it moved , Sam resigned himself to his fate .
tr	PRES	" The leaded whip always causes permanent injury ; Dorn will have ugly scars on his back till the end of his life .
tr	PRES	' Ah , Alcatraz , my lad !
tr	PRES	Mom snorts into her coffee .
tr	PAST	" Maybe the shorts will increase my brain 's efficiency , " Seth regained her bearing and sense of humor .
tr	PRES	" That was awesome , Joey .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Collins 's chair squeaks when it rolls toward her desk .
tr	PAST	She stuffed the notebook back into her bag and stood .
tr	PRES	She strikes a bodybuilder pose .
tr	PAST	A further search revealed that it was nowhere on his person , and a sudden image of the table in Elspeth 's den popped into his mind .
tr	PAST	The rejection slapped over her all the more coming from him .
tr	PRES	They are still under the bed , " Juste comments with a smile .
tr	PRES	" These fold up . "
tr	PAST	They steered towards the deadly island which had claimed so many brave elves in the past .
tr	PRES	Just a single small spotlight shone on a hard wooden chair .
tr	PAST	" Well , she entertained it . "
tr	PRES	I was trying to save you , " Jason states .
tr	PRES	It kills me that he 's been so alone for so long .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , like totally , for sure , and stuff , " Anita chimed in .
tr	PAST	Ali shrieked as two hands clapped over her eyes .
tr	PAST	After Bjorn pried open her mouth , Jamila produced a thin scalpel to remove all of the demon 's remaining teeth .
tr	PAST	" Layla hooked up with someone ? "
tr	PRES	" You tempt me .
tr	PRES	Blood spills over her lip , and runs down my forearm .
tr	PAST	All around him , people wept but claimed that it was for the best for Clarice .
tr	PRES	I scramble out of the stall and into the aisle .
tr	PAST	She dreaded the day she 'd have to give the baby up .
tr	PAST	She eyed him with confusion .
tr	PRES	" It tastes like lemonade .
tr	PAST	She tugged the door open , stepped back out into the night .
tr	PRES	She glances back at me again , and when she does , Duke winks .
tr	PAST	" That stallion cost me thirty grand and the dubious pleasure of seeing you every night over dinner .
tr	PRES	Asher bellows from the front door .
tr	PAST	I yell at him , spitting his blood out onto the floor when it leaks into my mouth as I speak .
tr	PAST	George would have lectured you for a week straight . "
tr	PAST	Needing no more encouragement , we selected several treats and tall glasses of wine before again settling into our chairs .
tr	PRES	" The land of your ancestors . "
tr	PAST	She just stares ahead pretending not to hear me .
tr	PAST	His voice rumbled in his chest , vibrating against her .
tr	PAST	His black eyes converted to their normal brown color and his power quickly fizzled out to normal levels .
tr	PAST	Of course , this triggered another piece of the security system that dropped another iron gate down in the middle of the section Adam was standing in .
tr	PRES	Turns out he tortured many of the prisoners who were bomber crews .
tr	PAST	Sebastian dove deep under and then emerged again .
tr	PRES	But what about the real porter ? "
tr	PAST	A dull , worthless fear created by dull , worthless bullies .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my dagger and eye protection from my belt , and ducked down beneath the waves .
tr	PRES	she cried , a querulous strain destroying the melodious quality of her voice .
tr	PRES	The snowy carpet shone like hidden diamonds in the moonlight .
tr	PAST	Melissa plopped onto the bed and drew her legs up beneath her .
tr	PAST	From the foliage of the greenhouse she emerged like a flower .
tr	PRES	Relieved , he whispers , " Thank you , God ... " Then he hears it .
tr	PRES	" Are you tired or are you up for a night swim ? "
tr	PAST	Lisa urged her to the rear of the rows of seats , where the guests were craning their necks to see her reaction to the surprise .
tr	PAST	It only lessened when she listened to his words and dug deeper to another hidden meaning .
tr	PRES	Stars blinking in the sky .
tr	PRES	Why - " " Out . "
tr	PAST	" Asked and answered , Mr. Messick .
tr	PRES	Some of the people Ernie lets -- " the woman was saying as the doors thumped shut .
tr	PRES	My whole body flinches when she slams the door in my face .
tr	PAST	Nodding towards the dining room table , the leader motioned for Pierce to observe its presence .
tr	PAST	She swiped at her cheeks with the back of her hand .
tr	PAST	Then Reacher lounged in one of Pauling 's visitor chairs while she played phone tag around the U.N. Building , looking for her friend .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand and I shook it .
tr	PAST	I adjusted the triangles on my blue floral bikini top .
tr	PAST	The two swords crossed over a rising sun perfectly matched the etching on his own blade .
tr	PRES	You recall what happened to the expedition on the factory planet that the Arash had found . "
tr	PAST	They quieted when he revealed himself .
tr	PRES	He likes everyone . "
tr	PAST	Stars twinkled in the distance .
tr	PAST	When Emma cleared her throat , Peter jerked upright and grabbed for his glasses , which were folded on the coffee table .
tr	PRES	Muslims regard a multitude of titular names for God , while in Judaism it is common to refer to God by the titular names Elohim or Adonai .
tr	PRES	And besides , " his demeanor changed into something colder and his eyes turned that menacing silver again , " we detest humankind .
tr	PAST	They piled into the small room as Lisa tore open the envelope .
tr	PAST	Pulling out the drawer that was overflowing with Holly 's toiletries and hair goodies , I rummaged around until I found what I was looking for .
tr	PAST	His blood actually soaked his shirt and left a trail of blood with every step he took .
tr	PRES	Nicholas 's hand drifts for the crystal ball , hesitating , before he picks it up .
tr	PRES	But Rian still stands there with the girl by his side .
tr	PAST	I froze at her words ; there was no way I wanted her to come inside of my house .
tr	PAST	" He dismissed me .
tr	PRES	Hello , Mr. Marley , how are you ? "
tr	PAST	Victoria unfolded to her full height , reed slender and lovely .
tr	PAST	Lucy 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , Amaranth .
tr	PAST	A feral smile crawled up his lips .
tr	PRES	Seth hates to drive . "
tr	PAST	He referred to the round gym as something that needed to be razed because there were too many physical problems with it .
tr	PRES	" Of course I studied , " I snap .
tr	PRES	That allows you to travel within it whenever you choose , once you have finished completing the contest .
tr	PRES	Every moment stretches into forever as I try not to imagine a dozen grisly ends .
tr	PRES	" I assume the craft you flew in on is inoperable . "
tr	PAST	The judge instructed one of the junior lawyers on the defense team to leave the room and wait for his re-entry in the damp and drafty corridor .
tr	PRES	He normally never lets it out of his sight , and usually has it chained to his wrist , but not at the match .
tr	PAST	After the Duke forced me into engagement and also to clean the buildings of his sock collection , I dreamed of running away .
tr	PAST	Cindy scoffed at his remark .
tr	PAST	She has lied once , and I think she now realises that her celebrity and wealth carry no privilege in a murder enquiry . "
tr	PAST	Deja vu smacked into me , and my heart stuttered .
tr	PAST	Jain advanced with her sword held high .
tr	PAST	They still desired her .
tr	PRES	Let 's get this show on the road , " Beans mutters .
tr	PRES	His mouth drifts to my cheek , and then my eyes and nose , leaving a trail of light kisses in his wake .
tr	PRES	And this is very dangerous , these whispers , dangerous for him and for you . "
tr	PAST	Then thousands upon thousands of homeless people meandered along the streets .
tr	PRES	And the English eh ? "
tr	PAST	Roman eyed the frenetic corridor .
tr	PAST	Her sultry voice fanned the flames of his irritation .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah . "
tr	PAST	Declan sped up , trying to catch the wolf .
tr	PAST	She eyed him , looking just faintly uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	The treasure stands before you .
tr	PRES	With a hint of trepidation , Storm reaches forward and takes my hand in hers .
tr	PAST	She stole some poor Wizard family 's only daughter and ran off with her .
tr	PRES	Once inside , he pushes the button for the ground floor .
tr	PRES	The ruckus draws Will .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat and begins to move away .
tr	PAST	It trod on a small tomb , crushing it to powder .
tr	PAST	His stomach shrieked the worst echoes of last night 's attentions .
tr	PRES	Recollection surfaces in his irate expression .
tr	PRES	His mouth opens and his tongue flickers out insistently .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	The vast anonymous throng of dancers provided a sort of instant protective covering for them .
tr	PRES	We both wince at the unfortunate choice of metaphor .
tr	PRES	She hears me laughing because her spine turns ramrod straight as she disappears into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't the thought of having an extra ninety thousand dollars a year tempt you at all ? "
tr	PRES	" Martin crushed on her , " John teased .
tr	PRES	" Guess not , " he mumbled softly .
tr	PAST	" I knew better than to get involved with him , " she hedged .
tr	PRES	Eros stops at a scattering of driftwood near the entrance to a cave we 've explored a dozen times before .
tr	PAST	Josh stated , staring at them with loving eyes .
tr	PAST	Brandy downed half the elixir before he could snatch it away .
tr	PRES	Adam swears under his breath .
tr	PRES	" Peter ruined our marriage .
tr	PRES	He slides under the car again .
tr	PAST	She slowed down somewhat and turned her head to see it more clearly : it was a male vampire in a black coat .
tr	PAST	Tristram froze , and Ryan heard a gasp from Daisy , who had obediently seated herself at the table .
tr	PRES	I click connect on my cuff again , more urgently this time .
tr	PRES	She opens the door .
tr	PRES	Her dark brown hair shone , and her skin smelled of lavender moisturizer .
tr	PRES	My door slams behind me as I stalk up to the house .
tr	PAST	Buck zipped his jacket , threw up the hood and went outside .
tr	PRES	And for him to be in this condition just by looking , imagining ... Unbelievable .
tr	PRES	She opens up her gills along her neck , sucking in cool air and expending it through her mouth .
tr	PRES	The two snuck into the building .
tr	PRES	Sali crunched into the snack crackers Adele had given them before they 'd retreated to Ashe 's bedroom on Sunday afternoon .
tr	PRES	He sees me watching , and slows down , in a self-conscious way .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , he falls out of it rather quickly .
tr	PAST	It cocked its head calmly and regarded me with intelligent eyes .
tr	PRES	She wraps her legs around my waist and I carry her to my bedroom and we collapse onto the bed .
tr	PRES	I also recall , just as vividly , the day I realized how much my sister loves me .
tr	PRES	Oliver loves his limousine . "
tr	PAST	Back in the Before time , coffee shops just served coffee , but now coffee was just the cover name .
tr	PRES	" Like now , OK ! "
tr	PRES	" We disagree a lot .
tr	PRES	Grayson disappears through the garage door .
tr	PAST	I slap him playfully on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	She refuses to let go of me even when I get us onto the mattress .
tr	PAST	" Here , lay these down , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	" H.H. stands for Herbert Hoover .
tr	PAST	Strom slapped his face but Olaf could not respond .
tr	PAST	Liz exited the car after Greg pulled into the driveway and opened the door for her .
tr	PRES	Would you rather exist as a mindless beast , running wild , no understanding of the past or plans for the future ? "
tr	PRES	" Open file . "
tr	PAST	The torchlight reflected off the blade and Emelia gasped at the beauty of the weapon .
tr	PRES	" Ah , pure , definite planning ... ' change something . ' "
tr	PAST	" They ... " Shawn 's face froze .
tr	PRES	" Saber , I 'm trusting you to get Patsy out of here . "
tr	PRES	" How ' bout the loser throws a party and supplies the drinks -- and I don 't mean Kool-Aid ? "
tr	PRES	I mingle amongst a more confused grouping where the lines aren 't quite so distinct .
tr	PAST	These guys quit fighting back at school years ago .
tr	PAST	Growling , I stormed to the double doors that led into the Council chamber .
tr	PRES	Great , wonderful , delicious , unbelievable .
tr	PAST	Silva 's nose smashed into the top of the cruiser and rained a fountain of blood .
tr	PRES	" And how precisely do you think we should do that , Morley ?
tr	PRES	A dusting of red highlights her cheeks and travels south .
tr	PAST	" Speak for yourself .
tr	PRES	" And my therapist . "
tr	PAST	His wife countered , " Let him ask his questions , Mark .
tr	PRES	' Can you estimate how many years ? '
tr	PRES	He giggles and bats my hand away .
tr	PAST	Mike propped open the door to the parts room , and turned a small light on inside .
tr	PRES	He frowns and gives a single shake of his head .
tr	PRES	A familiar figure floats over its ruins .
tr	PRES	Sorry that I 've used up half the passes already . "
tr	PAST	I doubted it had ever been plugged in .
tr	PAST	His thick brown robe glided over the floor like a maple leaf pushed by a storm .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore down on me so intensely it was as if he were actually touching me .
tr	PAST	Not on my beat , anyhow . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , I took care of it , " I beamed .
tr	PAST	The woman glowed with good health and contentment .
tr	PAST	I swirled the last few drops in my glass .
tr	PRES	And , um , sexy .
tr	PAST	I perked up , leaning closer , my hand against the wall for balance .
tr	PRES	Instead , I abandon my one last chance .
tr	PAST	As excited as Grace was about coming to the Dragon 's Lair , she much preferred to be an observer rather than a participant .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed through both mouths at the same time .
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger at Mack .
tr	PAST	he ruffled Zarah 's hair and chucked Isla underneath her chin .
tr	PRES	This woman holds the key to the future , Colton , and we need that key ! "
tr	PRES	Cassie lays her doll on the ground before the spirit .
tr	PAST	Damian collapsed backward on the sofa and put both hands above his head .
tr	PAST	A faint scent of cinnamon floated into the air .
tr	PRES	" We belong together .
tr	PAST	My father lied to my mother .
tr	PAST	Nate regarded the globe with new respect .
tr	PRES	She remembers how Kai made her leave the dummy head on the floor while training in the archives .
tr	PAST	Unable to get rid of him that way , she exhaled .
tr	PRES	She drew measured hits off her oxygen mask , microphone embedded to pick up her every word , even their breaths .
tr	PRES	" We 're all ready to do what you think is best Diana , " Snow Flower states .
tr	PRES	" The Devil . "
tr	PRES	He arches his eyebrows , rocking back on his heels , feigning interest .
tr	PAST	Kinsella 's questioning prompt jolted him back to his surroundings .
tr	PRES	I murmur in his ear .
tr	PRES	On the tips of his worn boots , Jas snuck towards the stranger 's cabin .
tr	PRES	But it changes nothing about the danger presented by the Empress . "
tr	PRES	" Good , because they scare me . "
tr	PAST	Basically , it handled like a brick .
tr	PAST	He never ceased to make me smile .
tr	PRES	" Stay perfectly still , " he breathes .
tr	PRES	Her head falls back against the couch and she says , " Wine coolers . "
tr	PAST	She squealed into the phone .
tr	PAST	The soft glow chased some of the chill from her .
tr	PRES	He opens his desk drawer and takes out his pistol .
tr	PAST	In fact I preferred waiting to see how these events would unfold .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the floor with Ashley coming down hard on top of him .
tr	PRES	He stares at me , his jaw set in a challenge , but his eyes are almost desperate .
tr	PRES	A screech from above draws all of their eyes up .
tr	PRES	Serena sighs and moves to the box .
tr	PAST	My entire body seized .
tr	PAST	When this happened , historians working for the constabulary stole an object they thought to be of great significance .
tr	PAST	The Four Nerds grunted as an indication of some latent interest .
tr	PAST	Buck attempted to muster up a smile and mumbled , " Ya can 't blame ah guy for tryin ' ? "
tr	PAST	" I don 't believe you , " he persisted .
tr	PAST	I operated on you with Andrew , remember .
tr	PRES	And binds them too - tightly .
tr	PAST	she urged him as she pulled his shirt over his head .
tr	PAST	I twirled around to look at him .
tr	PRES	The land was too rich , the scents too crisp and clean to concentrate .
tr	PRES	" Kayla , " he whispers my name softly .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains the few times I thought I was being followed . "
tr	PAST	She clipped a halogen flashlight to my belt , and another to her own .
tr	PAST	" The wall should not be purple , " he stated , ignoring Kathy and gazing down at her with complete disdain .
tr	PRES	Still , the thought seeps in and I feel a pang in my gut .
tr	PAST	He grunted , then he howled .
tr	PAST	Last week , they served me food laced so heavily with arsenic I swear I could taste each poison grain .
tr	PRES	I 'm not going to lie to you and tell you it tastes amazing because , truthfully , it sucks .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , delighted .
tr	PAST	I told you , " some of them giggled , poking other one with her shoulder as if she won the bet .
tr	PAST	Gabriel 's simple movement of lips and teeth created a blindingly beautiful greeting .
tr	PRES	" Nothing like job security , " Arthur mumbled .
tr	PRES	When he 's finished , Ryan approaches , and it 's all I can do not to throw myself into his arms .
tr	PRES	' Super senses ' ? "
tr	PAST	He opted for it being one of the boys , knowing that once Em had settled in for the night , she rarely budged .
tr	PAST	A long-haired brunette holding a microphone chased a man across the lobby .
tr	PRES	" I thought so , " Alba whispers .
tr	PRES	He glances back at me again before turning back and speaking .
tr	PRES	He wrapped his arms more closely around her , his touch possessive .
tr	PAST	He clutched the case to his chest and backed away several steps before turning and scurrying down the hallway as fast as he could without actually running .
tr	PRES	And that brings us all up to date .
tr	PAST	It also stated that just dying in battle wouldn 't give you a one way ticket to Valhalla , the Norse heaven .
tr	PAST	The quickness slowed after an eternity .
tr	PRES	As I crumble to the floor , my muscles weaken and my eyes roll to the back of my skull .
tr	PRES	So , if there 's no one here worth talking to , how about you , ' Annie ' ?
tr	PRES	To cover my frustration I bow my head .
tr	PAST	Erin tugged the doors closed behind them , likely fearing the same .
tr	PRES	Zander stands in front of me pretending to be stoic and calm , but the twitch at the side of his mouth gives him away .
tr	PAST	He prayed they didn 't lay a finger on her .
tr	PRES	When I keep pulling , he lets me tug it over his head .
tr	PAST	" You wouldn 't have volunteered for all those extra assignments that kept you overseas . "
tr	PAST	Rene volunteered to stay in the room and watch the squirrel while the rest of us went toward the first floor .
tr	PRES	My entire body relaxes as I lean against the wall trying to cool off from the heated exchange that just took place between Wes and I .
tr	PRES	Six throws herself to the side just in time to avoid being crushed .
tr	PRES	" Get your neighbour in , Joyce .
tr	PAST	A side wind jolted me , splashing cold water across my face .
tr	PRES	He tests a door , and the lock is broken , so it swings wide .
tr	PRES	As they 're packing up to leave , Xavier reaches out to touch my hand .
tr	PAST	Quite suddenly , she collapsed in his arms and started bawling on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Jon seemed reassured , the sadness in his eyes fading as he placed his hand on Kimberly 's lap and squeezed .
tr	PRES	" Madam Steele ? "
tr	PAST	They hauled Hilda out into the court , her hands bound in rope .
tr	PRES	" So I hesitate when we kiss . "
tr	PRES	James opens the driver 's door and jumps out to begin walking .
tr	PAST	Reaching into her pocket , she prayed she had a small crumble of a treat left over from the last time she 'd worn these shorts .
tr	PAST	However , a quick read of the mind of his wife or girlfriend often proved that to be delusional thinking on the part of the man .
tr	PAST	The riders charged by furious order of their commanders , and once engaged the cavalry came running into a sea of thorns .
tr	PAST	Jack steered the flyer towards the cooling vents .
tr	PAST	Let 's split up . "
tr	PRES	I assume that the answer to this is not suddenly going to change .
tr	PRES	He doesn 't inch toward my nipple , he just strokes his fingers lazily beneath the sensitive sweep of my boob .
tr	PAST	Butterflies flapped recklessly in her stomach whenever Cooper was near .
tr	PRES	I wince from the contact , her death smothering me like a heavy blanket .
tr	PAST	David cocked the machine gun , and Joe 's son did the same with the rear gun , swinging it around to point forward .
tr	PAST	When both were ready , the doctor inked a small dash on the top corner of the raw , stapled flesh .
tr	PRES	I swim up to the opening , emerging .
tr	PAST	She announced as we reached the top of the staircase .
tr	PRES	And if you need proof , dig up the grave .
tr	PAST	In the last years , he lectured only now and then .
tr	PAST	They still feared him -- that was good .
tr	PAST	Phoebe 's eyes brightened and she shook her head .
tr	PRES	" Or small minds never differ . "
tr	PAST	" They 're getting worse , " Benson countered .
tr	PAST	Jake clutched at his heart as though he 'd been shot .
tr	PAST	I smacked his chest even harder and he laughed again and pulled me tight .
tr	PAST	A piece of paper floated past Jake 's feet , like a wayward tumbleweed on a vast desert .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head , she quickly stripped off the delicate nightie , pulled on clothes , and then grabbed her phone and left her room .
tr	PRES	The more victims it attacks in this way the odds increase that they will not be consumed , but instead merely mauled until they lose interest .
tr	PRES	" How awful for you . "
tr	PAST	I motioned for him to come closer and he complied , putting down his tools and taking a seat next to me on the floor .
tr	PRES	" Compound directory . "
tr	PRES	" Spare me the details , " Grady begged .
tr	PRES	For the first time , something other than terror , shone from him .
tr	PRES	" I do know , Corinne .
tr	PRES	A huge flaming Wiccan pentagram flashes on the giant screen .
tr	PAST	Then Emma sneezed and I almost dropped my cup .
tr	PAST	I pondered a while , watching the embers and listening to the weather .
tr	PRES	" To Dark Glen with you , wench . "
tr	PRES	I signal with my torch and the guard , Grant , slides the door open to meet our party .
tr	PRES	" Are you going to tell me your idea before my car gets towed , Zane ?
tr	PAST	In the lowlands , five giants crouched around a fire , their bulky figures reminding him of someone , their number reminiscent of the past .
tr	PAST	Nerves rapidly replaced passion .
tr	PRES	" What I saw in that alleyway freaked me out .
tr	PRES	His warm breath tickles me just before I feel the first stroke of his hot tongue .
tr	PAST	The youth 's mood brightened .
tr	PAST	I fan my hand in front of my face .
tr	PRES	" Honour , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" A tutor ? "
tr	PAST	Gwen flicked her hand and expelled the same blade as Zoey did .
tr	PAST	" Don 't blame this on me , " I elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PRES	I forgave her a long time ago .
tr	PRES	I estimate her to be about six and a half weeks along .
tr	PRES	" We , ah , bro and I , well , " he didn 't finish .
tr	PRES	He touches my charm bracelet again .
tr	PRES	But just when you 'd think I 'd keep my mouth shut , I said , " Nice blade , carrots .
tr	PAST	When they were gone , James replayed the conversation in his mind .
tr	PAST	Craig announced as if time really mattered now .
tr	PRES	Father squares his shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Very perceptive of you , Ian . "
tr	PAST	I faked a smile .
tr	PRES	Jet drapes an arm over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	How she had ignored him for the last half of their lives , as little more than a target to practice throwing her bile at .
tr	PAST	Things either assault me or they don 't . "
tr	PRES	Troy 's fate lies in the hands of the Greeks .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , " Seth breathes , suddenly understanding who it is .
tr	PRES	Lifting it to his lips , he flinches when a reflection of light hits his eye just right .
tr	PAST	His baritone rumbled through her as if his words were her own .
tr	PAST	The ambrosial flavor that immediately filled her mouth washed away her last vestige of hesitation .
tr	PRES	She ruined my life . "
tr	PRES	" That jerk deserves to go down . "
tr	PRES	What about these timber trades ?
tr	PRES	" Sounds mystical . "
tr	PRES	His eyes shone yellow-green in the light , looking more inhuman by the moment .
tr	PRES	Vermillion attempts to move my eyes , to roll them around .
tr	PRES	Having your best friend sell you out . "
tr	PAST	It represented my feelings toward him , but every night , my dreams placed it inside his mouth .
tr	PRES	Evan stops to the side of me and slightly shakes his head at me .
tr	PAST	She squirted ketchup on her fries .
tr	PAST	The reflection bounced off the enemy position to be picked up by the sensor array on the flagship .
tr	PRES	Her face , until then , had been hard , her expression forceful .
tr	PRES	When they noticed I was aware of their behavior , they quickly averted their attention away from me .
tr	PRES	" But who he is ... who he was ... It still messed me up inside . "
tr	PRES	But disaster strikes not long after he arrives .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , it 's okay , " he whispers , kissing Bo 's temple and patting his floppy brown hair .
tr	PAST	His breath caressed her cheek , as warm as his touch .
tr	PRES	He stops me with a raised palm .
tr	PAST	An uncertain shudder rumbled deep within Emma 's core .
tr	PAST	Bending in front of me , she painstakingly painted my eyelids with malachite and dark black kohl .
tr	PAST	Josh stiffened and glanced at the front door .
tr	PAST	Bart acted as if it had been coming to this all along , as if he 'd expected it .
tr	PRES	He frowns , biting his lip .
tr	PRES	He loves your boy as he would a little brother , even perhaps a son . "
tr	PRES	The room falls silent .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the crutches leaning against the wall and comes after me .
tr	PAST	" Now that 's you , " Aliyah announced proudly .
tr	PRES	Jarvis sighs , almost gladly .
tr	PRES	He gazes at the screen , hypnotized , not noticing that President Shepherd is staring at him .
tr	PRES	He slides off the chair and gets down on bended knee .
tr	PAST	Majid tickled his daughter .
tr	PRES	He sighs and walks over to me , coming to sit beside me .
tr	PRES	" Powerful en ... " He lunged backwards as the sword slashed at him .
tr	PAST	" And yet you still stick around , " I countered letting the automatic response come .
tr	PAST	Hilda pursued and launched a left to Lea 's face .
tr	PAST	I had desired her , but I had resisted .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate the people of our famous Grecian state !
tr	PAST	He tensed , wondering who Nath was , but then she snuggled against him again and he eased down at her side .
tr	PRES	The aide stands and gestures to DeWitt .
tr	PRES	Right now Chloe 's ring remains safely on the right , but I know it won 't stay there for very long .
tr	PAST	The other patrons of the elevator regarded him with equal dour judgement .
tr	PAST	Scout regarded him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	She seized the subject , petting the steering wheel .
tr	PRES	You ponder on that now , Hank .
tr	PRES	" It first uses two hybrid rockets with a mixture of solid and liquid fuels .
tr	PAST	Michael collected her and held her and she sank , crying , against his chest .
tr	PAST	Brady 's hands slapped down onto her ass as soon as the words fell from her lips , and she cried out in surprise .
tr	PAST	They crawled all over my fur coat .
tr	PRES	His own eyes shone with tears that did not quite fall .
tr	PAST	It served him right for trying save a few seconds .
tr	PRES	If anyone tries to talk to me ... and I have to respond ... start arguing with me .
tr	PAST	' No calls , ' he instructed as the tray changed hands .
tr	PRES	But she fits your description . "
tr	PAST	Everyone in the throne room mourned for the loss of the prince .
tr	PAST	They inched forward and back on the shoulders of muscular swells .
tr	PAST	All eyes turned toward them , some humanoid , others beastly .
tr	PAST	My eyes froze at the sight of myself lying there .
tr	PAST	The fork truck buzzed loudly and was gone .
tr	PAST	I eyed the Librarian captives .
tr	PAST	The elders pretended the other enclave had done something wrong , that they deserved their fate .
tr	PRES	Aloud he said , " Stand down , slave .
tr	PAST	It smacked into his chest , the mixture splattering all over him and then falling to the floor where the glass shattered .
tr	PAST	As he suckled on her , his thumb delved between her folds , circling and teasing her clit .
tr	PAST	Nuala slapped my arm again .
tr	PRES	A vivid handprint bruise on her cheek .
tr	PRES	' ... feed ... ' Coba laughed .
tr	PRES	The problem lies far deeper than any bullet can pierce .
tr	PRES	" Kentucky 's state motto United We Stand Divided We Fall " pretty well sums up my feelings on the matter .
tr	PRES	He touches the ground and signals for my help .
tr	PRES	Slowly he creeps silently out of his room and peeks down the length of the attic area to be sure the coast is clear .
tr	PRES	' No , no , don 't be silly Jackie ! '
tr	PAST	" I always dreamed of this .
tr	PRES	Then an email alert pops up at the bottom of my screen .
tr	PAST	He emerged carrying a tube of burn cream .
tr	PAST	Rachel produced her phone and handed it to him , assuming he intended to program a private contact number into it .
tr	PRES	Anyone who serves needs to go through the course , " Storm explains .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to start again , but I raise my hand and turn to my mother .
tr	PRES	Neither one of us trusts the other . "
tr	PRES	Suddenly , he pushes his chips and says " All in . "
tr	PAST	After using the toilet , he stripped down , twisting about to see the wound on his back in the mirror .
tr	PAST	Lady Poser shuffled down the street , limping slightly .
tr	PRES	" Every second buys you time to run . "
tr	PAST	He cringed a bit before he responded .
tr	PRES	" A pact ? "
tr	PRES	And questions race through my mind .
tr	PRES	Evie gasped , alarm bells ringing in her ears .
tr	PRES	I snuck in after everyone had left .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Hailey awoke with a start .
tr	PRES	Shane reaches over and pushes on my knuckles .
tr	PAST	Donovan emerged from the back of the room and walked confidently up to the stand .
tr	PRES	Toward nightfall , he snuck food down to her out of his own meager rations .
tr	PAST	We split profits right down the middle .
tr	PRES	" Oh , so we 're back to that again , " I fold my arms .
tr	PAST	I fled down the hallway .
tr	PAST	Then he readjusted his jacket , pulling down hard on his sleeves as he shifted his neck uneasily .
tr	PAST	As Milos came at her , she leaped from the guard , and directly into the flesh of Mary Hightower .
tr	PRES	" Douglas , patch up the door before anyone sees what the hell we 're doing . "
tr	PAST	Kincaid leaped to his feet as the exchange was being made .
tr	PRES	" Now , to Ludwig .
tr	PAST	He balled his fists , growing angry .
tr	PAST	But before Scar could say anything , a shadow leaped up from the trees , landing in a graceful twirl .
tr	PAST	His hair floated around him in a black cloud , his T-shirt edging up to reveal that taut , smoothly muscled stomach .
tr	PAST	It washed over us .
tr	PAST	He had circled the building as soon as he left and had been waiting in the back room .
tr	PAST	Stone walls and mossy roofs , vines coiled around everything .
tr	PAST	Alarm pricked Trent 's nape .
tr	PAST	His back bore the marks of her pleasure .
tr	PAST	The creature barreled after her , tearing through the obstacles as if they were no more than gossamer curtains .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me and the misery in his eyes matches what lies inside my heart .
tr	PRES	Nose to the ground , Kane padded off , following the edge of the plateau .
tr	PAST	Connor caressed his hand along Maria 's calf muscle .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she gritted between her teeth .
tr	PRES	" Miss - " There was another distant pop , small and insignificant sounding .
tr	PAST	So the group slowed down and Basha gave up his old hope that they would reach Coe Kiki by the 75th day .
tr	PAST	Monk clutched the boy , a single tear running down his cheek .
tr	PRES	" No sign of anyone Warden . "
tr	PAST	Gary sped as hard as he could to escape , but the lorry was out to get him , with burning eyes and dripping fangs .
tr	PAST	A small smile broached her lips .
tr	PAST	His stone described a graceful arc and Struck .
tr	PAST	But a slight smile emerged on his thin brown lips as his shackles fell away .
tr	PAST	He steadied me when he stood and pulled me against his body .
tr	PAST	His mouth replaced his fingers as he took one ruby crest between his lips and sucked hard .
tr	PRES	Behind the altar , a large statue of a Goddess dancing atop a swirling wave stands high over the chorus bleachers on either side .
tr	PRES	But drugstores sell all sorts of things .
tr	PAST	Tammy froze on the spot , the suitcases !
tr	PRES	" You 've done well , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He reappeared , traversed the front and disappeared around the east side of the duplex .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , a little loudly , and I slapped a hand over my mouth and looked fearfully at the door .
tr	PRES	Then he throws it to me again .
tr	PRES	He talks to everyone , laughs with James , helps get breakfast together .
tr	PAST	His large frame stiffened .
tr	PRES	Becky stands off by herself , shaking like a leaf caught in a sandstorm .
tr	PAST	I trusted you , while you were planning to use me .
tr	PAST	" I am here , " a chilling voice announced quietly .
tr	PRES	For a hundred grand . "
tr	PRES	Eve returns to the first room .
tr	PRES	Sabine wears a similar hairstyle in her golden brown tresses .
tr	PAST	Myst shrieked and snapped her teeth at her sisters .
tr	PAST	" It is , my lord , " she rasped .
tr	PRES	" I pledge allegiance ... " Afterward , she hurried into the bedroom and lifted the side of the mattress .
tr	PAST	He attempted to pretend as if it was nothing and , failing miserably , he sensed that his prisoner had apparently discerned his intended fate .
tr	PAST	" I don 't date assholes , " I mumbled , stepping onto the sidewalk with Noah right behind me .
tr	PAST	Finally , the president hauled himself out of his comfortable recliner and began to pace , his slippers slapping the carpet .
tr	PRES	He strokes a hand down the back of my head .
tr	PAST	From his jacket pocket he produced a small display unit with a universal connector lead attached to one end and plugged it into Arthur 's terminal .
tr	PAST	The minutes crawled by and became hours , and I watched as the sky grew darker and the sun set .
tr	PRES	The truth lies somewhere in-between .
tr	PRES	The plane 's door quickly opens and a flight of metal stairs descends .
tr	PAST	So Captain Miller saluted the Major .
tr	PRES	Her voice husky , she groaned , " Please , Tristan .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	Again it depicted that strange triple helix .
tr	PRES	He loves jokes and almost is never serious .
tr	PAST	" I " m here , sergeant , " he reported .
tr	PAST	The look in his eyes dared her to refuse .
tr	PAST	Anthony gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head at that .
tr	PRES	Zeke sneaks up behind me and wraps an arm around my neck .
tr	PRES	Emily breathes in a hushed tone .
tr	PRES	I asked , my voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	Billy sensed my wish to know more and valiantly buzzed the lead car with that other thing nipping at his tail .
tr	PRES	He likes Sarah . "
tr	PRES	I lean back in the booth .
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass . "
tr	PAST	He dialed the hotel .
tr	PRES	Tonya winks at Jack .
tr	PAST	Amber giggled , " Get out of here !
tr	PAST	" What tipped you to Sherri ? "
tr	PAST	Sunday , September 7th to Saturday , September 13th 2014 Tuesday It 's all kicking off again .
tr	PRES	' Goodbye and good luck at the eye clinic . '
tr	PAST	He crumpled the paper in a tight fist , his knuckles white from the effort .
tr	PAST	Madeline scooted to Mille 's other side and wrapped her arm around his waist and immediately detected his fever .
tr	PRES	One lesson , and you 're already putting me to shame ! "
tr	PAST	My attention perked a bit .
tr	PRES	She reaches the point from where she moved her first step .
tr	PRES	The raw pain fills me , rising up into my throat and chokes me .
tr	PRES	And it occurs to me that I know exactly how I can be of use .
tr	PRES	Counting paces in the field .
tr	PAST	" You will take me to the afterlife , " she instructed it firmly .
tr	PAST	" Viper " he rasped in shock .
tr	PRES	" You and fine china . "
tr	PAST	He extended it to her .
tr	PRES	I hate to say this , ' Luke whispers against my ear , nibbling at my earlobe .
tr	PRES	" What - " " Shh . "
tr	PAST	And I disobeyed my own evacuation plan to get to you .
tr	PAST	" They carted you away in an ambulance , and that 's where you are ! "
tr	PAST	She tugged her way out of his arms .
tr	PRES	He wears only moccasins when he 's in the woods .
tr	PAST	The ground under him yawned and he sank into it up to his hips .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , but a slow moan escaped instead .
tr	PAST	Clouds dusted over him , cool and moist , and birds flew beside him .
tr	PRES	Sean padded barefoot into the den , and found himself cradled in his father 's arms .
tr	PRES	I shove forward , the ground beneath my feet pebbly , until I reach a gentle slope that leads to a narrow river .
tr	PRES	" To send these ignorant souls abroad with mad lies ! "
tr	PRES	Cracks wove their way across the sheen of its mirrored surface .
tr	PRES	" In my drawer , Trace .
tr	PAST	He leaped over the fence .
tr	PRES	Sinking back on her heels , she mumbled something highly profane .
tr	PAST	He charged forward as Kinsey fell to the ground and the man lifted his leg as if he were going to kick her .
tr	PAST	I retreated to the rear of the theatre , not keen on the idea of seeing Evra again .
tr	PAST	" If you 're looking for the lady , she 'll be on the very last floor , " he stated .
tr	PAST	If she could get to the staircase maybe ... She froze .
tr	PAST	Hell , I dealt with Snodgrass myself occasionally .
tr	PRES	Two friendly voices sing in unison from the common room .
tr	PAST	Anakin cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	Adam withdrew a DVD from his inside jacket pocket .
tr	PAST	It charged me as I tried to gather myself .
tr	PAST	His lips tightened , and he leaned forward , pricked his neck against the sharpened tip of the blade .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands , surrendering .
tr	PRES	Chloe throws a blanket at me and I grab the pillow she threw at MacKenzie .
tr	PRES	" Good luck Phantom One . "
tr	PAST	With a cry of outrage , Jack leaped in front of the other man and took the bullet .
tr	PAST	His throat pinched but he quickly stifled it .
tr	PAST	He floated up to her .
tr	PAST	He tormented her with his fingers first , gliding them between her legs and slipping one into her slick folds .
tr	PAST	" They invaded our territory , or as good as .
tr	PRES	The sound of George 's shoes and her heels on the hard surface echoes loudly .
tr	PAST	Knowing he was getting his revenge little by little , she gritted her teeth against her answer but lost .
tr	PAST	" Ugh , " he grunted as he touched a swollen area around his eye .
tr	PAST	Perfect abs and pecs that felt good beneath her hands as she caressed them over his skin .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , and I don 't care , " he proceeded to bind her wrists with the rope .
tr	PRES	" Says he 'll take you out to see the Collar maker .
tr	PRES	He sees me observing his nails and he looks down at them and pouts .
tr	PAST	The epiphany that resulted from a single look created an amazing level of order .
tr	PAST	You can sit in the next one , " Caleb announced .
tr	PRES	I didn 't look at any of them , though I could feel their eyes on me , Ron saying " Matthew , you cant . "
tr	PRES	" Caveman has no life , " he sings .
tr	PRES	" Charges fill the air , a storm approaches . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , " he teased .
tr	PAST	" But maybe stealing , too , if we have to .
tr	PAST	And with her mouth open , he swooped in , rising up and kissing her hard .
tr	PAST	His flashlight projected an isolated beam of light across the room .
tr	PAST	Turning around , the smile on Zayne 's face froze .
tr	PAST	After several seconds , the lightning fizzled out .
tr	PAST	" Since then , no one ever dared to use it again , and the agency stopped producing the boomerangs all together .
tr	PAST	Throwing the ball into the air , she smacked it hard and watched it rocket to the other side of the court .
tr	PAST	William plunged both hands into his golden hair .
tr	PAST	" Mr Hepworth , is your business related to that of Alistair Banks ? "
tr	PRES	Seth 's eyes shone brighter .
tr	PAST	The voice exploded within him , seeming to set his insides ablaze with a fury of purpose like no other .
tr	PRES	If everyone 's all happy and quiet , no one kills anyone ? "
tr	PRES	" She loves you .
tr	PAST	All the unanswered questions .
tr	PRES	Picture it in your mind , try to remember every little detail from then on : smells and sounds , anything you can think of that helps .
tr	PAST	I swirled the wine around in the glass , watching it trickle back down with slow , long legs .
tr	PAST	Meredith grappled a stiff and resisting Bonnie forward .
tr	PRES	But that only amplified the sensation deep inside , as my muscles rippled around the toy inside my vagina .
tr	PRES	Our hope lies in Director Smith .
tr	PAST	McBride estimated they had covered thirty five miles when he started looking for a place to lay low .
tr	PAST	I outlined all that you said you needed .
tr	PAST	Chapter 2 Josephine inhaled the aroma of her lasagna with satisfaction as it baked in Jake 's oven .
tr	PAST	Just a few more patients , they urged .
tr	PAST	" Go young fellow , touch a tree , " Rod dared .
tr	PRES	Without thinking , I lean forward and hug James , making him stagger backward against the other side of the doorway .
tr	PAST	The dark shadows far below only heightened the white and green and bright orange and yellow that predominated above .
tr	PAST	Rose , dusted off his borrowed jeans and cursed again .
tr	PAST	His rich masculine scent tugged at her senses .
tr	PAST	they all chimed in wildly .
tr	PRES	" They must be following you , " Ivy teased me .
tr	PAST	But she underestimated Candice , Doc , and Chaz .
tr	PRES	" Always keeping her for yourself , Your Highness . "
tr	PAST	Daemon cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	Kate gritted her teeth against a flurry of wind blasts .
tr	PRES	They steal jobs from men .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed in clear frustration , " Let me out ! "
tr	PAST	Jack bounced up and down next to him .
tr	PAST	We crawled back through the brambles and walked out of the woods , her hand in mine and the sun on our faces .
tr	PRES	My hand skates over his throat , reveling in the thickness of it , of its muscles .
tr	PRES	A hush falls over the car .
tr	PAST	At the mention of his father 's name , he exhaled a long groan .
tr	PRES	Sometimes I even amaze myself . "
tr	PAST	Eileen scribbled a note to herself .
tr	PAST	He seriously doubted whether he could have lifted it anyway .
tr	PRES	" Under all the layers , a part of you remembers .
tr	PRES	He exhales , nodding .
tr	PAST	A really ugly emotion churned in Rocky 's middle .
tr	PRES	Hailey reaches up and wipes her own tears away .
tr	PRES	" Shhh ... they 'll go away , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	' Thinking of someone in terms of a suspect because they wore aftershave ?
tr	PRES	" Tom loves building things . "
tr	PAST	She produced a clipboard with a form .
tr	PRES	She reaches for the cylindrical object hanging from her neck and rips it off .
tr	PAST	" So you ... " He leaned closer , his hot breath brushing my hair with the scent of mint .
tr	PAST	Next to her , Kowalski , outfitted in regular street clothes , simply swirled his tea , looking inattentive .
tr	PRES	My hands slap against his chest , as I push him off with a violent force .
tr	PAST	I would not have dared say or do anything that might upset a robot .
tr	PAST	Johnny prayed for applause .
tr	PAST	She stifled a gasp , biting her lip .
tr	PAST	She stiffened as she thought he meant to draw her into his arms .
tr	PAST	Milk invaded the plasma at the break in the ship 's hull in the rear and struggled to break through the surface tension barrier .
tr	PRES	" Monitoring badge ... for radiation levels . "
tr	PAST	" I don 't care if you fight , " she scoffed .
tr	PRES	" Just let go , lass .
tr	PAST	Susanna 's posture stiffened .
tr	PRES	Or getting arrested ? "
tr	PAST	I never stole it from their hiding places . "
tr	PRES	That freezing drizzle . "
tr	PAST	Something in his gaze froze .
tr	PRES	Gideon , do that thing with your fangs , that potion you release between my legs . "
tr	PAST	Maddy 's expression revealed her confusion .
tr	PAST	She never uttered the words though .
tr	PAST	And , for the first time since Henry 's death , he prayed .
tr	PAST	Laila palms the wall monitor , and as the door slides open she places a hand high on the frame .
tr	PRES	He hugs my neck tightly and laughs .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Though I wonder what she sees in him .
tr	PRES	The ballad of family conversations , clinking glasses , plates being cleared .
tr	PRES	The floor creaks with his approaching footsteps until he 's standing directly behind me , setting my hair on end .
tr	PAST	" So , um ... will you tell me some more about you ? "
tr	PAST	Dr. Steve crumpled to the ground , and Bex went with him .
tr	PAST	He quickly reloaded it and shot a round into the sky above .
tr	PAST	Ed notified the troops that friendly air assets were in the area and to act accordingly , but he cautioned them to maintain vigilance just in case .
tr	PRES	" Um ... " Sonia muttered .
tr	PAST	Paige doubted she would ever get over him , and he had forgotten all about her , from the word go .
tr	PRES	" For now , " I add trying to soften the blow .
tr	PRES	' I ... err ... no . '
tr	PAST	Alexandra exploded , so enraged she swung her hand to strike him before she realized what she was doing .
tr	PAST	Although Hunters , they simply attended as witnesses to the case .
tr	PAST	Anger exploded through her , displacing the last nagging sense of grief .
tr	PAST	Just last night , he described Jack as her perfect mate .
tr	PRES	Obviously a carefree spirit , her casual nature speeds Rift to a less panicked state of mind .
tr	PAST	They emerged from the Undercity into a flurry of chaos .
tr	PAST	The smaller craft , as black as its mother ship , plunged into the moon , crushing the solar fields in a furore of silver powder .
tr	PRES	Summer sighs when I finish .
tr	PAST	I busted another red light .
tr	PAST	He stomped on Auron 's face .
tr	PAST	My phone beeped and I reached for it , noting a text message from Melissa .
tr	PAST	Pulling his rifle tight into his shoulder , he selected his targets rapidly and fired in short , economical bursts .
tr	PRES	" It originated with the big bang . "
tr	PRES	His eyes roam the length of my body .
tr	PAST	Anon sensed sudden movement .
tr	PAST	Once they hit the ground , they exploded sending metal shrapnel into the air .
tr	PAST	That seed of hatred unfolded , sprouted .
tr	PAST	" So , " Jake leaned forward , hands clasped in front of him , as if we were sitting down to discuss something of great import .
tr	PRES	A scientist in a white lab coat already stands by a solid metallic bed .
tr	PAST	With a single loud twang the band ceased playing .
tr	PRES	He reaches down between us and wraps his pinky around mine .
tr	PRES	Just a bruise . "
tr	PRES	Lorena opens the door .
tr	PAST	I giggled , happy to be safely in my husband 's good graces again .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Woods .
tr	PRES	Once the door is fully open , I hike down the driveway toward Ethan and Lila 's house .
tr	PRES	He begins to shut the door .
tr	PRES	She talks too much , Max interrupted inside my head , his irritation evident .
tr	PAST	" Thirteen , " I lied .
tr	PRES	An inner voice whispers in my ear , telling me to stay .
tr	PAST	He wavered a moment , clearly trying to decide whether he should cleave to his initial idea .
tr	PRES	" You undo me .
tr	PAST	He turned then to look at Errand , his expression puzzled .
tr	PRES	" Well that explains the acquaintance .
tr	PRES	" You want to join us , I assume ? "
tr	PRES	He stops and my feet hit the ground .
tr	PRES	Tammie begins to cry .
tr	PAST	Her testimony along with all the evidence Blue and Slater collected put Dom and his crew away for a very long time .
tr	PRES	I crack open an eye warily and remember where I am .
tr	PRES	Says you told him so . "
tr	PRES	Isaac stands in front of the boy , his back to the congregation , completely obscuring the smaller figure before him .
tr	PRES	" To get you chocolate cake . "
tr	PAST	Ms. Loos pretended to be talking to the whole class , but her sharp eyes remained focused on Skye .
tr	PAST	Then , she announced that my hair didn 't need a trim , so she 'd shave my whiskers instead .
tr	PAST	' He 's injured , ' Zeus announced , void of emotion .
tr	PRES	Sweat shone on his body , making his golden skin glow .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to brush the hair away and tuck it back behind her ear .
tr	PRES	' I , I 've already explained this to you , Agnes .
tr	PRES	Who climbs a mountain in sandals ? "
tr	PRES	He rises and the door shuts moments later .
tr	PRES	He enters the room and flips the light switch on as he places his satchel on the desk .
tr	PAST	The weather mirrored my reaction , the sky growing darker and the air pressure intensifying .
tr	PRES	Then , remembering the pain that Elizabeth had gone through , she changes her tone to one that is more caring .
tr	PRES	Again , no tattoos .
tr	PRES	" But what about dealing with it when there aren 't a lot of folks around ? "
tr	PRES	I text back : If I say ' no ' am I a bad friend ?
tr	PAST	As usual , a variety of photos accompanied the lists and descriptions .
tr	PRES	" But the whole horde lies between here and Garrison .
tr	PAST	We bounced around trying to hold ourselves in because there weren 't enough seat belts , laughing whenever we hit a speed bump .
tr	PRES	Oak floorboards shone in the sunlight slanting through the windows .
tr	PRES	A perfect golf game uses not a single wasted movement : order , form , and efficiency are its trademarks .
tr	PAST	Markus inched hesitantly towards the thing .
tr	PAST	He surmised that the woman in the parking lot had reported suspicious activity and sent security after him .
tr	PRES	She hears a hoarse voice outside her window and clasps her sister 's hand .
tr	PRES	" Shoot , Ara , " Mike said , folding his arms .
tr	PAST	She tugged on his arm , turning him toward her .
tr	PRES	Her gaze slides over my navy mechanic 's coveralls , heating my blood a few degrees .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in her lap , willing them to stop trembling .
tr	PRES	" A little fuzzy . "
tr	PRES	You would 've been golden , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" So ... meet me here on Saturday . "
tr	PAST	All right , so I lied to him .
tr	PRES	Sasha 's mouth fel open .
tr	PAST	She then re-entered the flat noisily , slamming the door behind her and shouting : " Yoo hoo , Mammy , it 's only me . "
tr	PRES	" What if he tries to kill me too ? "
tr	PRES	Quickly we all pile into Mother 's tiny , dark quarters .
tr	PRES	" A Blood Bond , as you know causes the mind to experience things that are not real .
tr	PAST	He sobered and gave her a harsh stare .
tr	PAST	Walter smoked a cigarette .
tr	PRES	" State law allows only married couples to hire surrogates . "
tr	PRES	I swing around , viewing for any more birds , or snakes , or bears .
tr	PRES	Not after what I witnessed . "
tr	PRES	Hope it helps your little boy . "
tr	PAST	Instead of drinking the coffee , she clutched it like a lifeline .
tr	PRES	Just because you hooked up with Preston and ruined all our partying fun doesn 't mean I disowned you as a friend , " I teased her .
tr	PRES	Bits of beach glass add color to the pile .
tr	PRES	" I confess I 'm not pleased with mother 's meddling , but Lady Amira is ... a remarkable woman . "
tr	PAST	The hot pink in Evan 's shirt acted like a bright neon sign drawing our attention toward him , as he struggled to pull himself up .
tr	PAST	Daemon 's steps slowed as he spotted me .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're speaking of yourself ? "
tr	PRES	" Harlin , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	I mopped a hand over my face .
tr	PAST	Cold chills crawled all over her body .
tr	PRES	Or of entire villages being slaughtered by monsters from the frozen reaches . "
tr	PAST	" It 's very beautiful here , " Devon chimed in after a quiet turn around the main garden .
tr	PAST	Someone dumped cold water on me , putting out the flames that were slowly consuming me .
tr	PRES	She glances at me , confused by the shock in my voice .
tr	PAST	Immediately regretting its decision to attack , the recoiling squid dives back into the water with a painful whimper .
tr	PAST	He spurred his horse and returned to the ranks .
tr	PRES	His eyes snap open .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around him , tugging at his simple white T-shirt until I manage to pull it free from his jeans .
tr	PRES	" And she loves you , too .
tr	PRES	The door opens , and a sliver of light tumbles into the room .
tr	PAST	The truck slowed to a stop .
tr	PRES	It also helps that I want you .
tr	PRES	While she took a drink of wine , Julian snuck a bite of her spaghetti .
tr	PAST	She tipped her face up to his , streaks on her face broadcasting the tears she 'd cried silently .
tr	PAST	Finally the sounds of gunshots ceased , and the door opened , revealing Scotia .
tr	PAST	Bobby extended a hand , and Hale took it .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , I was , um ... in the library doing research . "
tr	PRES	Sweet , pretty , blonde girl that everyone likes .
tr	PRES	" Please , " Laci begged turning to face him as she fought back the tears forming in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Somewhere in Grahame Coats 's house , a grandfather clock chimed politely , twelve times .
tr	PRES	He glances at the elevators , then down at the bodies .
tr	PRES	He tries to get as far underwater as possible , but everything in his dream is happening in slow motion .
tr	PRES	Why this bothers me so much . "
tr	PAST	He babbled a stream of nonsense and begging .
tr	PRES	Gord begins swishing his fingers across the clear glass panel in front of him and it comes alive with digital swirling lights and indicators .
tr	PAST	He doubted he ever would .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to Harold J. Simpson , III .
tr	PAST	A ghost of a smile lingered on his lips .
tr	PAST	But fools screw up easy jobs just as well as they do difficult ones . '
tr	PRES	" I can 't say you pull your punches , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the door and perched on the burgundy sofa .
tr	PAST	He reciprocated by touching her hand back .
tr	PRES	Mason chuckles , " That 's what I thought . "
tr	PAST	Whistling wind slapped her face .
tr	PRES	" Um , just a sec , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	The boy points to the bush at the end of my parents ' driveway , where the hockey puck landed .
tr	PRES	She likes cartoons and drawing in her notebook . "
tr	PRES	A three dimensional medium to savor .
tr	PRES	She signals her cameraman to begin filming .
tr	PRES	" But you already know this , " she murmurs against my lips .
tr	PAST	One to put him in the looney bin he imagined , or perhaps a fantasy novel .
tr	PRES	Abe snorts back a laugh .
tr	PAST	Jimmy saluted , and was off like a shot .
tr	PRES	I roughly wipe it away .
tr	PRES	" I will note your assistance in my report , " Aria states .
tr	PAST	An agonizing twenty seconds later , the wind subsided and the plane 's nose leveled with the horizon .
tr	PRES	It helps me to come . "
tr	PRES	" No offense , but you look like crap . "
tr	PAST	What about protection of the magical ecology ? '
tr	PRES	However , after having such a good day she deserves something more than just ... grocery shopping .
tr	PRES	Complete Death of a Salesman tragic .
tr	PRES	" What about bears ? "
tr	PAST	This isn 't a new thing , " I scoffed at him .
tr	PRES	The smile fades off his face .
tr	PAST	" I wasn 't staring , " I lied .
tr	PRES	I - " " You have no choice , Danika .
tr	PRES	The waiting kills me . "
tr	PAST	Riley 's eyes lingered on a curved claw , resting near the woman 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	My hands unsteady , I tugged at the cords holding them to his chest .
tr	PRES	A young consort glides through the darkness of the crowd .
tr	PRES	" Your White House wears blinders .
tr	PRES	" What brings you two here ? "
tr	PAST	Laughter exploded from the other end .
tr	PRES	" Well it was nice knowing you , " I mumbled sarcastically .
tr	PAST	Paul advanced toward the puzzle .
tr	PAST	She doubted she 'd get the answers even if she did try to talk to him about it .
tr	PAST	I inched back toward the statue to wait for rescue .
tr	PAST	She giggled and looked away , out the window .
tr	PRES	" You found her , " Painter mumbled .
tr	PRES	I assume she 's run off .
tr	PAST	Xavier plopped down two cushions away .
tr	PAST	" Then so will I. " He stifled his surge of annoyance .
tr	PAST	Amber eyed the other woman and probed .
tr	PAST	" So the robot lied even to Susan Calvin herself .
tr	PRES	I shout , and everyone backs away .
tr	PRES	He reaches out automatically to help me as we jump from stone to stone to the tilted rock in the river .
tr	PAST	At the second station he ceased to exist . "
tr	PAST	The gondola glided right up to the entrance and the boys and the Angel went inside .
tr	PRES	I recall the overwhelming emotion I felt when I was with her .
tr	PRES	That part of me stands stubbornly rooted in my disbelief .
tr	PRES	He cracks up laughing .
tr	PAST	Before I even was able to close the gate behind me , at least five goats charged at me .
tr	PRES	Whether he was really a Martian or really crazy barely even mattered .
tr	PAST	He scooted imperceptibly closer on the couch .
tr	PRES	" Wow , thank you Rhea . "
tr	PRES	" I squash them . "
tr	PAST	" Not if you want to maintain peace with the hunters , and that 's exactly what Derek wants us to do , " Aiden reiterated .
tr	PAST	She clutched her hands into fists but didn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	" Oh well , " She sighs .
tr	PRES	Ari turned toward the girl , her body suddenly stiff as the boat began moving out into the water .
tr	PRES	The crowd bursts into a flood of applause .
tr	PRES	Also raisins , nuts , and maple syrup .
tr	PRES	Gray asked her , his eyes gleaming with excitement .
tr	PRES	" Did you see , Ma !
tr	PAST	A boot emerged from the opened door , sought solid ground and landed on the pavement .
tr	PRES	Heard them hiss and mumble furiously .
tr	PAST	She floated over the ceiling , her voice picking up in my head .
tr	PAST	She zipped down the stairs and rushed outside for some fresh air before she lost it .
tr	PAST	I was intrigued by her and the fact she volunteered at the soup kitchen .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight Allie " Allie , right ? "
tr	PAST	Emily twirled the nursery monitor by the flexible antennae .
tr	PRES	She stares at me once , in confusion and then in realization .
tr	PAST	Max designed an electromagnet generator .
tr	PAST	It troubled her greatly .
tr	PRES	" Love you , bye . "
tr	PAST	Declan 's mood really bothered Willow .
tr	PRES	" Since when did that group represent the reasonable side of my government ? "
tr	PAST	Danny also shrieked in surprise and in turn the zombie shrieked again .
tr	PRES	" This is from Homecoming , " she begins .
tr	PRES	" Come unto me all who are heavy laden and I will give you rest . "
tr	PAST	" There 's a new boy , " Selena stated .
tr	PAST	They stole our women and raped them until they died of the bleeding .
tr	PRES	" No me tire !
tr	PRES	He tries to pull me closer .
tr	PAST	" Online " the repair program reported .
tr	PRES	Then he pushes me back against the wall of the stall .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for calling back , Tony .
tr	PRES	He glares over at him before heading upstairs .
tr	PAST	He pretended to debate the question , knowing it wasn 't really important .
tr	PRES	" I 'm covered , " I yell .
tr	PAST	He 's staring at me , his lips curved into a smile .
tr	PAST	I thanked the William 's for their hospitality , although Tom and Betsy looked crestfallen and exhausted .
tr	PRES	" That 's comforting , " mumbled Jack .
tr	PRES	" Now , tell me , Herr 'D on -- who are your wandering companions ? "
tr	PAST	I started to panic , feeling suffocated all over again .
tr	PAST	The big guy grunted from his position at the sink without turning around .
tr	PRES	" When you transform , does your scent change or could they detect that someone is with me .
tr	PRES	Jeff loves Sara , not me . "
tr	PAST	And I 've already thanked my Mom for the things she did for my career in my childhood .
tr	PAST	The Stingray slowly emerged from its hardened concrete hangar .
tr	PAST	" There 's always the beginning , " he joked .
tr	PAST	He stood tall over his fleeing domain , his hands clasped in front of him like he didn 't have a care in the world .
tr	PRES	Chloe reaches up and caresses the side of my face with her hand .
tr	PRES	They traverse down my sides and belly - down down down to my bikini bottom , where they stop at my waistband .
tr	PAST	Leopold turned and stared around the cavern , his brow pinched in confusion .
tr	PAST	Antonietta clutched the package tighter to her .
tr	PRES	I shout to her bathroom door .
tr	PRES	A feeling of unease ripples through me as a silver BMW pulls under the canopy outside .
tr	PRES	I assume the other side contains the same .
tr	PAST	As he watched , the sky washed from violet to ebony .
tr	PAST	Nyx hopped out of her basket and raced over to me .
tr	PRES	And we parcel the messages .
tr	PAST	The screams of dying townsfolk served as the distant chorus of his despair .
tr	PAST	His system proved very useful and slowly it evolved as their need for secret funds grew .
tr	PAST	She jolted upright and peered down at him , eyes wide with dismay .
tr	PRES	" So noted , " the witnesses mumbled .
tr	PAST	She flashed a wan grin , then hastily sobered when her swollen lips hurt .
tr	PRES	" Look away Hope , " Emma whispers as she is horrified by what she is seeing .
tr	PRES	Bobby sighs and crosses his arms .
tr	PAST	She sensed it first on her legs .
tr	PRES	Immediately he releases me , but a discerning look is in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Tim 's lip twitches , another bad move .
tr	PRES	" Says What ? "
tr	PAST	" This way , " she urged .
tr	PRES	" Talking to yourself again , sweetheart ? "
tr	PRES	" The Princess of Fire . "
tr	PRES	Never around when you needed them , heroes .
tr	PRES	" That 's called ' going traditional , ' " Kacey explains .
tr	PRES	" Jealous wench . "
tr	PAST	" Vic 's right , " Oliver chimed in .
tr	PRES	KC offers this in the hope that it may provide a solution .
tr	PAST	He thanked her over and over for being such an awesome friend then slowly drove back to his apartment .
tr	PAST	These mounds created evenly spaced protective oasis in the barren expanse of the hillside where Mariposa climbed .
tr	PRES	Andy strikes again , simulating the email service .
tr	PAST	My hand seized hold of it as an echoing snap resounded through the room .
tr	PRES	As my mind 's fog dissipates , the vision before me clears and my senses register the environment surrounding us .
tr	PRES	" You make it sound so easy , " Tammie sniffs .
tr	PRES	My name sighs from his lips with all the love and anguish of a hopeless prayer .
tr	PRES	Then Finn pinches me and points out the front window .
tr	PAST	I twirled again and felt the fabric grace my legs , my bare feet gliding across the smooth pebbles that made up the shoreline .
tr	PAST	Aunt Pol exclaimed , leaping to his side .
tr	PAST	With jagged remnants of what had once been teeth exposed a shriek exploded upon the air around them .
tr	PAST	" Go back to hell , " the twelve-year-old hollered , tossing down a shovel at one of the infected .
tr	PRES	The sun shone in a cloudless blue sky , and it was colder than it had been when there was cloud cover .
tr	PAST	She wriggled in earnest , knowing she was already late .
tr	PRES	" Power makes the world go round , " she sings .
tr	PRES	Herr 'D on stirred suddenly , as if from a gripping nightmare .
tr	PAST	The night we spent together proved that you don 't give a damn about what 's proper or ladylike .
tr	PAST	She stiffened , uncertain if she should let him hold her .
tr	PRES	" A few kinks here and there to be worked out . "
tr	PRES	Geist explains this carefully , as he has been explaining everything .
tr	PRES	Martin stops walking and lets Max catch up .
tr	PRES	No one deserves that forever . "
tr	PRES	I disagree with his statement but I don 't let on .
tr	PAST	" Other times it gets me smacked . "
tr	PAST	At home , she preferred to run on the beach .
tr	PRES	He sighs and seems to deflate slightly , as though he has finally released a last gasp of toxic air .
tr	PRES	' Judd , Micah Judd , ' I said , and to the Governor : ' You , sir , I believe are Captain Arthur ? '
tr	PRES	Serena frowns , trying to remember if they 've spoken two words together , until now .
tr	PAST	The drone pitched higher as the boat sped up .
tr	PRES	But it eases the situation , to have this white lie believed .
tr	PRES	" It creeps me out that they 're everywhere .
tr	PAST	Quick as a snake , the boy seized the crow by the neck .
tr	PRES	" My sister , thou hast read too many plays .
tr	PAST	She clipped it on her shirt and followed Joe Hess into a big , plain open area .
tr	PRES	May I borrow your book of matches , Bethany ? "
tr	PRES	" Although , I think they feed you too much candy . "
tr	PRES	I fired again , the gun spitting bullets and thunder .
tr	PAST	Ashamed of myself , blaming myself , hating myself more and more every day .
tr	PRES	Perhaps he even loves me -- -- and I love him too , but as a friend .
tr	PAST	I crouched down too , and touched her throat , just to be certain .
tr	PAST	More glass shattered around her .
tr	PAST	" You are a spineless coward , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	The cameras recorded their progress up the stairs .
tr	PRES	He couldn 't stop moaning , groaning , the gasping breaths leaving him in a constant stream .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , sport , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	So , we served ourselves , like commoners .
tr	PAST	" Yes you do , " I scoffed .
tr	PAST	Hank and Carla 's parrot screeched .
tr	PAST	Mason Byers announced that his dad was taking a private plane to Bermuda that night and getting him the hell out of there .
tr	PAST	Aboard a large patrol boat , Edward bore witness to the island 's slow destruction .
tr	PAST	Her hungry expression deepened .
tr	PRES	She 's the girl I love , because that little touch , it somehow helps .
tr	PAST	A trefoil of portrait miniatures fanned from the top , the diamond crown with ruby above .
tr	PRES	" Maybe some , if we 're only halfway through .
tr	PRES	" Well , it couldn 't hurt to get it looked at by a doctor on Monday , " my mom points out .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her fork .
tr	PRES	" Are ye all right ? "
tr	PAST	He freed my bangs from behind my ear , spilling dark curls into my eyes before sweeping it back with his fingertips .
tr	PAST	Josie and Max ambled down Hermosa 's portion of that mile-long bike path after they left Faye 's place .
tr	PAST	He crawled over to it .
tr	PAST	I stifled a sigh , torn by wanting to lie with silence , and wanting to be honest and confess .
tr	PRES	He digs his paws into the ground and hunches forward .
tr	PRES	" Well ... he lets it ruin his life .
tr	PAST	" Okay , you two , " Aunt Lulu stated .
tr	PRES	" Your pet . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you for scheduling this appointment on such short notice , " Lucy exclaimed , her inflection British .
tr	PRES	Ken loves it . "
tr	PRES	He washes a glance over me with a pleased expression , and it sends chills across my flesh .
tr	PAST	Embarrassment and shame washed over her .
tr	PAST	She giggled a bit wickedly .
tr	PRES	What about your job and your insistence on leaving Aspen ? "
tr	PRES	Finally , he sighs .
tr	PAST	Olivier squished his eyes and looked askance at me .
tr	PRES	Her bare feet padded against the tile floor .
tr	PRES	She hears Liam struggling against the tree , but her trident holds strong .
tr	PAST	" We want you , " Hayden piped up quickly .
tr	PRES	" Sheriff Davis . "
tr	PRES	" You programmed me ? "
tr	PRES	He cups the side of my head , threading his fingers through my hair , and tugs my face upward .
tr	PAST	Hébert slapped J on the back , knocking him to the floor .
tr	PRES	" You stalked me ! "
tr	PAST	Weird people , but just humans al the same , because none of the vampires I knew had matching Goth clothes .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue .
tr	PAST	" I approved . "
tr	PRES	I nuzzle my cheek into his hand .
tr	PRES	Then , we hike to Guardsmen and steal us a hover car .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall , and slide down .
tr	PRES	She buzzes us through , and guides us to the room with the metal table and chains .
tr	PRES	The icy swim in the water must have sobered him up .
tr	PRES	The removal of these important items often occurs before parties .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his shirt and bunched it in one hand , pressing it to me .
tr	PAST	I tensed as the nausea that was gripping me turned into raging hunger .
tr	PRES	But one thing I know for sure , he respects the women who work for him .
tr	PRES	Later that night , back under the covers , she talks .
tr	PAST	Kate battled the urge to giggle .
tr	PAST	He steered the boat around the channel buoy and saw the main strip of land that made up the end of East Boothbay .
tr	PAST	We al pul ed to a hasty stop , tightening our group to make a united front against the hound .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked his tunic until it clung to his body .
tr	PAST	" He only charged you two cents ?
tr	PAST	All the young women squealed with delight .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved into a smile as an enticing waft of lavender scent tickled his nostrils .
tr	PAST	He dove away and snapped his fingers : There was a boom and the monstrous vehicle collapsed as a flaming , gory wreck !
tr	PAST	" But I reread his file yesterday . "
tr	PRES	Serena disappears below the water , resurfacing down the stream .
tr	PAST	Going painful slow , I yawned the door open , drawing out the squeak till it were quiet .
tr	PRES	Even indoors , he wears a pair of thin gloves , and when I look closer , I notice tiny flecks of blood on their surface .
tr	PAST	I reel from a slight headache but advance none of the less .
tr	PAST	Dee 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" But the ' great spirit ' holds your spirit there as well , does he not ? "
tr	PAST	The car 's tires squealed and it shot toward them .
tr	PAST	She stares at him to make sure he doesn 't have a response , then she continues talking .
tr	PAST	Every girl 's hair shone , whether worn down in a cascade past her shoulders or tied back in a prim , sleek bun .
tr	PAST	She winds her arms around my waist and lets her hands ride dangerously low on my stomach .
tr	PAST	The night of the storm , when I said I took you without love , I lied .
tr	PRES	Sometimes I just relax and go with it , and then I hear the voice .
tr	PRES	" Or permanently . "
tr	PAST	His right wrist curved just enough to be noticeable from the proper angle , an arch that could be seen by those looking for it .
tr	PAST	Eventually they opted for the American favourite as being less likely to be frequented by English , and more likely to attract whatever Irish there were there .
tr	PRES	My sister never stops talking about you . "
tr	PAST	None cheered , but many wore expressions more eloquent than cheers .
tr	PAST	I need you now , " she practically sobbed .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air , then glanced over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	A sharp inhalation of breath before she stomped over , stopping just in front of him and glaring down with fiery hatred .
tr	PAST	You lied outright about two of them .
tr	PRES	" Ethan Burke . "
tr	PRES	" If I speak to her , she ' l break trance .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , you , too ... Uh-huh ... yeah , I should be around ... .
tr	PAST	We retreat to our places , ignoring the questioning looks thrown our way .
tr	PAST	Than , bam , the numbers she 'd recited to him were there , affixed to a battered mailbox dangling from a wooden post .
tr	PRES	" What brings the likes of you around so early on the first day of a new week ?
tr	PAST	From the day we met , I never lied to you .
tr	PAST	We received word tonight that another demon was sighted .
tr	PRES	" Tonight , " he murmurs , his eyes burning with promise .
tr	PRES	Weber stops , standing too close , looming over me .
tr	PRES	The inside holds the hypnotic scent of fresh baked bread .
tr	PAST	Mr. Caldwell stated in a defeated tone .
tr	PRES	She whipped the words back like I 'd betrayed her , all the same .
tr	PRES	She scoots her chair back and stands up .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply and hovered her hand over a panel .
tr	PAST	But my conscience reprimanded me .
tr	PAST	Finally , he thanked the operator , hung up and tossed Jasmine 's phone on the desk .
tr	PAST	Shadows flicked over the smile playing at his mouth .
tr	PAST	From the top of its head , four tentacles tipped with bulbous yellow eyes , pointed in my direction .
tr	PAST	Sophie froze in surprise as Jessamine looked down , saw the gear at her feet , and made a face .
tr	PRES	He misses a beat as he searches my eyes with a hint of fear in his own .
tr	PRES	He likes you . "
tr	PRES	Jake Reynolds 's face flashes in my head .
tr	PRES	Believe me , I 'm used to you being stupid , " I teased .
tr	PRES	There were computer terminals for three dozen people , three control consoles instead of one .
tr	PRES	" Take precautions when you sleep , Jacques .
tr	PRES	With each group came cries of relief , relatives diving under the rope to lead off their husbands , wives , children , parents , siblings .
tr	PRES	" He hears everything going around the camp , misses nothing .
tr	PAST	Laura served all his meals there , where he sat and stared at the TV .
tr	PRES	Trystan remains between us , dodges the hit , and swings his arm straight up .
tr	PAST	They tugged and pulled until Keith looked up and noticed a pipe running along the ceiling .
tr	PRES	I lean against the doorframe , opening and closing my eyes , trying to figure out which one is less painful for my throbbing head .
tr	PAST	The creature grunted , stiffening , dropping its sword .
tr	PRES	Harrison likes to keep it heated for his " love honeys , " as he affectionately refers to his feline herd .
tr	PAST	" I love him , " Evan announced .
tr	PAST	Slowly , she replayed everything she 'd heard between Mr. Mercer and his mother , their cutting argument echoing in her mind .
tr	PAST	The hands that had been holding him up pitched him forward .
tr	PRES	" She hates me and is bent on revenge but she wants to hurt me through you .
tr	PAST	I trudged to my first class not really paying attention to anyone around me which was just a bad choice period .
tr	PAST	Now , why have you visited me tonight ?
tr	PAST	" I 'm going home , " I announced .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed of you , the night before I met you . "
tr	PRES	Sakura , still dazed and lightheaded from the experience , did as she was told , the fear in her heart slowly fading away .
tr	PRES	" It probably was all lies .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the cap , his eyes working up and down my body before they returned to my face .
tr	PRES	He begins to glow and change .
tr	PRES	And before he does , the android disappears .
tr	PAST	" I feared ... " " I was dead ? "
tr	PRES	' He loves you , while all you do is screw with him .
tr	PAST	" For as long as necessary , " Altair reassured him , calmly .
tr	PRES	She arches her neck , head sliding backwards , and looks upside-down at me .
tr	PAST	Somewhere in the hollow ache of her chest , a tiny ember glowed to life .
tr	PRES	Except for stick doughnuts .
tr	PRES	When we finally leave , I warn Gavin I 'm not going to be much for conversation on the ride there .
tr	PAST	And then he left Denny 's shortly after you did , " Julie accused .
tr	PRES	" No , " I snap , although the thought had crossed my mind many times .
tr	PAST	I dumped him there to have his sleep out .
tr	PRES	I was expecting you to bust a ball before it was over , " Adam teased as I walked over to my water and towel .
tr	PAST	The rising sun painted broad strokes of ochre and crimson across the horizon and splashed the clouds with glowing shades of pink .
tr	PAST	He slowly rotated by the fire , getting ashes in his hair .
tr	PRES	Chapter 18 Jessie Once we got settled in our room , Jacob insisted on calling his mother .
tr	PRES	They reek of intent to do evil . "
tr	PRES	" The god who protects you ... " " He 's ever so nice , " she rushed to explain .
tr	PRES	I assume that the cell phone towers are down , but the dozen or so antennae I installed across the U.S. are still operating .
tr	PRES	Jane snuck a glance at Jake .
tr	PAST	Tom dumped the wood next to the fire pit .
tr	PRES	Marian rattles the gate in frustration .
tr	PAST	The one you 're supposed to get engaged to tonight , for Pete 's sake ? "
tr	PAST	They retreated around the standing stones , and the Ice Lord ignored them .
tr	PRES	Ashley opens the chest and peeks inside .
tr	PRES	" I guess I take her for granted , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	He snuck up on a pair of them who were engrossed in tearing apart one of his allies with their bare hands .
tr	PRES	She , silly thing , wishes to see her lover in his full divine glory , and is promptly incinerated by the sight .
tr	PAST	A mysterious smile curved Nike 's lips .
tr	PAST	The coachman 's companion advanced on Tessa , her face expressionless , her mouth half-open .
tr	PRES	Then she opens her mouth and you want to crawl in a hole .
tr	PAST	We emerged from Shannon Lasher 's womb .
tr	PRES	" You 're such an ass , " I hiss .
tr	PAST	" It nearly destroyed Regina , losing Corinne .
tr	PRES	" I mean , she likes me . "
tr	PAST	" Mike 's safe , " I practically squealed at Kennan .
tr	PRES	I smudge the face away with my sleeve .
tr	PRES	My heart slams against my chest as energy zips through my body , charging me .
tr	PAST	Energy barriers prevented objects from being knocked or thrown off .
tr	PAST	You 're welcome to join us , " Jack hollered over his shoulder as we walked down the side of the hill off the paved path .
tr	PRES	Many of the fans , who had been listlessly watching the game and chatting , lean forward in their seats while joining their voices to the cheers .
tr	PAST	The slightly sweet taste on her tongue lingered but mixed with something else .
tr	PAST	" You mourned this girl when she disappeared .
tr	PAST	And a full-size gallows erected at the back of the room .
tr	PAST	As he finished the printer quit shooting out papers and was only running the cooling fan .
tr	PRES	Her smooth , high cheekbones shone with artfully applied blusher .
tr	PAST	A chunk of ice exploded at his fingertips , shards stinging his face .
tr	PRES	Did Beth or Joseph sing you a lullaby when you were little ? "
tr	PRES	Taking a quick looking around and seeing no one , she throws her arms about the burly man 's neck and hungrily presses her lips against his .
tr	PRES	" But not courage .
tr	PAST	She padded to the window and watched as he led Axel inside the small building they 'd erected last week .
tr	PAST	Max saluted Albert and accelerated the Sikorsky up and away from Teleport .
tr	PAST	The street curved with the mountain , and passed the Salome club .
tr	PAST	" Healing touch , Dirk , " leaning towards him with my wiggling fingers , grinning .
tr	PAST	The girl much preferred to sit and sew than anything else .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless Amy anticipated a fantastic night at her favourite venue .
tr	PAST	Katrina exited , facing the camera , put up her umbrella and said , " Welcome to Matilda 's ! "
tr	PRES	" I assume you know I pick up psychic impressions from touch , so take these gloves off and let me touch you .
tr	PRES	Apparently , that one simple move momentarily melts his resolve and for a second , his tongue meets my neck .
tr	PAST	Lucian merged with him and at once they were bonded , strong and lethal , of one mind on the hunt .
tr	PRES	" The Bahamas . "
tr	PRES	At this point it barely affects me . "
tr	PRES	His face relaxes , and he gives me those bedroom eyes .
tr	PRES	" The garage . "
tr	PRES	Varg let out another amused rumble .
tr	PAST	His whole body vibrated as the sailboat crashed into the bottom .
tr	PAST	I clasped my trembling fingers under the table .
tr	PRES	" No , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	" Because ... " She sighs , lowering her hand onto her lap .
tr	PAST	They reported to Heather that a catapult was mounted on the cliff overlooking the harbor .
tr	PRES	Or starve to death , eh ? '
tr	PAST	Iseo braved the question .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at me , but his amusement did not abate .
tr	PAST	He phoned to see how she was .
tr	PAST	Panic seized me now .
tr	PAST	Lancaster sits back , one hand resting against the steering wheel while the other balances on the parking brake .
tr	PAST	" If he finds out we lied to him - " " He won 't , " interrupted Roman impatiently .
tr	PRES	The train lurches forward .
tr	PRES	Late till mid-night , Melissa talks with Shiv , even when he keeps asking her to go to sleep .
tr	PAST	Cries of horror and wordless yells of rage arose from our side .
tr	PRES	She taps the screen .
tr	PRES	" This explains some things . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , but gradually snuggled back into him .
tr	PRES	She stands up and walks to my dresser while I do my very best to loop the shoestring .
tr	PRES	Megan giggles , and I shoot her a look .
tr	PRES	" Like a turtle neck sweater ? "
tr	PRES	She sees you stumbling around lost in the woods .
tr	PRES	The long grass ripples as the wind whips across the open fields .
tr	PRES	I belong to them .
tr	PRES	" And audio feed as well .
tr	PAST	I just faked it well . "
tr	PRES	She brings the extra place setting to the table and sets an extra glass down for Lake .
tr	PAST	She dialed her mom again and told her the great news .
tr	PRES	' Um , this mug of water 's going spare , ' I told her , ' if you want it ? '
tr	PRES	It allows you to take those limits and throw them out of the window .
tr	PAST	She averted her gaze .
tr	PAST	Scarlett swooped around a sharp bend and found herself closing quickly on a black pickup truck .
tr	PAST	The tunnel traffic steadied and became a single long line , approaching the checkpoints .
tr	PAST	Confusion once more swirled through her mind .
tr	PAST	He rose at dusk , his nostrils assailed by the faint , lingering odors of eggs and milk and bacon .
tr	PRES	Every Merrow , big or small , young or old , rich or poor , carries that exact earring .
tr	PAST	As soon as her heated cunt wrapped around him , Sable stiffened in orgasm .
tr	PRES	Anthony reaches to stroke my hair , but his touch isn 't welcome and I pull away .
tr	PRES	Kate heard chuckles as she climbed into her pick-up .
tr	PRES	He loves me too , Steel .
tr	PAST	Downright soaked if you ask me .
tr	PRES	" Stephanie , stop shouting , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Camille had learned to conceal her pain , the hurt carved into her heart over being abandoned by her parents .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes , attempting to focus them against the light .
tr	PRES	" Layla , come on before someone else comes back , sees you in here and freaks out . "
tr	PAST	" I don 't want to leave them , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	Instead it tugged and pulled at me like an angry thing , as I remained seated and focused .
tr	PRES	The man stops the bicycle , both black high-top athletic shoes anchored on the pavement .
tr	PRES	I steal a peak over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	The boy tensed again as the chill shot through his body .
tr	PAST	Zane slowed his pace , a feeling of dread coming over him .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth , then closes it .
tr	PRES	Our love deserves a chance and I 'm going to give it one .
tr	PAST	She emerged from the back , holding a pair of long metal rods , bent near the base at a ninety degree angle .
tr	PRES	She stops inches from me , reaches for the neck of my shirt , grabbing the fabric .
tr	PRES	Chapter Twenty | A Gift Revealed " What kind of journey ? "
tr	PAST	There he baptized the child , and blessed the man and woman .
tr	PRES	" Killjoy , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" Does it involve another woman , you murdering someone , or you robbing a bank ? "
tr	PAST	Avery didn 't wait another second , she fled .
tr	PAST	The demon grunted from the pain , the scent of burned hair filling the room .
tr	PAST	He exhaled in relief .
tr	PRES	She loves to help people , so I was ' hurt ' ; she loves to protect people , so I was ' hunted . '
tr	PAST	Immediately , my hope dimmed .
tr	PAST	He thanked them and went straight to the airport , where he 'd fly directly to San Francisco and await further instructions .
tr	PRES	" This brings us to the joining of The Guardians and the rebellion .
tr	PRES	He brings it up to balance in the palm of his hand .
tr	PRES	But first , another experiment . "
tr	PRES	She never forgave me when I told Rhonda it was over . "
tr	PAST	Marissa sat forward in the chair , her hands clasped in her lap .
tr	PAST	Diego eyed the man in dislike .
tr	PAST	But when Marshall joined her , he hooked his arm through hers and steered her straight along the sidewalk outside the bus station .
tr	PAST	All this time so close and yet each of us walled inside our separate prisons of silence , unaware of the others passion .
tr	PRES	I slice off the green leaves then kneel , measuring the knife against my cowgirl boots , my favorite pair .
tr	PAST	Taking his cell phone from his bag , he dialed Elizabeth 's number .
tr	PRES	The idea of not knowing where I am going to sleep fills me with a bit of anxiety .
tr	PAST	Neither his dreams nor the inflexible sleeping surface provided him any comfort .
tr	PAST	His eyes shone , catching the moonlight .
tr	PAST	" Now , Edward , " chided Birch .
tr	PRES	She lies back and stares at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" Novels there , plays there , and textbooks there .
tr	PAST	A whispered scrape of moccasin froze Petra , his shoulders hunched high against a shot in the back he knew was coming but did not .
tr	PAST	As I hurried along , I clutched my cell phone .
tr	PAST	Then , as if he suddenly felt cold , he clutched the sheet and pulled it up under his chin .
tr	PAST	" However , Shakespeare was wrong about that , " pondered Michael .
tr	PAST	' Then so it must be , ' she mourned .
tr	PAST	Those of the Red arose and resumed their prior seating .
tr	PAST	" Please , " I urged , wincing at how desperate I sounded .
tr	PAST	On the brink of death , the world froze .
tr	PRES	His fingers wipe my tears .
tr	PRES	" She really likes him , huh ? "
tr	PRES	Noah releases me and stills instantly .
tr	PRES	Mamma likes to be near her sister . "
tr	PRES	Just then Olaf enters the foyer .
tr	PRES	Short , simple , poignant , yet cliché .
tr	PAST	" You quit the force ? "
tr	PRES	" In my backpack . "
tr	PRES	" That stung . "
tr	PRES	Brand falls silent and we eat .
tr	PRES	He cracks a smile and then we move to opposite sides of the room .
tr	PRES	" Just that ... he likes you .
tr	PAST	Not a single shelf or hook adorned its walls or rafters .
tr	PRES	Monika reaches in his suitcase and pulls out a bunch of poker chips .
tr	PRES	She loves to be a drama queen for the press . "
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed with the thrill of owning a ship and the thought of the adventures that awaited them .
tr	PRES	Dashing away from the disoriented and confused Rift , the king of thieves pays no attention to the torrent of arrows flying at him .
tr	PAST	She tugged at the neckline .
tr	PRES	And even then - " " Hunting ? "
tr	PAST	Anita scoffed , " It wasn 't random . "
tr	PRES	" No such oath binds you . "
tr	PRES	I 'm scheduled to retire , not to die , ha ha .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me !
tr	PRES	" Is she ok ? "
tr	PRES	It falls over the statue 's snout , then slides to lodge between it and the rough gray stone .
tr	PAST	This feeling washed over me in waves , and I would fall into deep despair , luckily it only lasted a day or two then subsided .
tr	PRES	" Okay ... " " When I give you this , you celebrate and go the hell home .
tr	PAST	The waitress replaced her pad and walked away .
tr	PRES	She leaned forward and looked at him , her hand once again resting on the tip of his tail .
tr	PRES	For the next twenty minutes you belong to me . "
tr	PAST	He extended his hand out to me for a handshake , which I took with a smile .
tr	PAST	He quickly bore a staunch look of disapproval .
tr	PAST	Antonietta sought for a way to close the wound .
tr	PRES	Sean releases the kite and I turn and run forward .
tr	PRES	She mumbled that last part under her breath , obviously cursing him .
tr	PAST	Her smile collapsed as soon as Neela was hidden by brush .
tr	PRES	" Jordan loves you and - " " Listen .
tr	PAST	" It 's your funeral , " she stated , shrugging .
tr	PRES	" I approve . "
tr	PAST	An angry scowl disfigured its dark face .
tr	PRES	When they see Timothy , their demeanor quickly changes .
tr	PAST	Mad Rogan exited on his side .
tr	PRES	He touches the ring on my finger and I flinch .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the intimacy in his voice .
tr	PRES	" Unless it is beyond them financially to make the trip here ? "
tr	PAST	The leader crawled up to one knee , obviously trying to reason with Hal .
tr	PAST	Heavy drizzle tickled the canopy roof .
tr	PRES	Even from this distance , his loud , arrogant voice carries to my sensitive ears .
tr	PRES	" He hates me . "
tr	PAST	She must have sensed it , too .
tr	PAST	I lent it to someone .
tr	PAST	John slapped her gently on the side of the head .
tr	PAST	I dumped her because she needed to grow and I needed to make peace with who I was as a man . "
tr	PRES	Delay plays into the Enemy 's hands C and here I am : delayed .
tr	PRES	" They treating you right ? "
tr	PRES	" He didn 't cheat on me , " I retort .
tr	PAST	Only a few steps away from Kendra , Mrs. Price leaped forward .
tr	PRES	" Ask the lady to dance then , you git . "
tr	PRES	So I fold up my timeline and put it in the pocket of my jacket so I am sure to have it tomorrow at the lab .
tr	PRES	Endlessly , blissfully , urgently .
tr	PAST	Dad eyed them while pulling me a few steps away .
tr	PRES	He pays all of us , male or female , the same crappy salary .
tr	PAST	" And it almost destroyed you .
tr	PAST	A prickly heat crawled up her throat .
tr	PRES	" But he likes Brittany and Ellen , and this is the sort of thing they would do , so he should buy it . "
tr	PAST	' You 've got to hurry , ' urged Junko .
tr	PAST	Melinda and I visited your father , and he explained everything .
tr	PAST	His first strike split one of the spiders in half and knocked another one clear .
tr	PRES	Jared vows to free them and his quest soon becomes enmeshed in the most magical power struggle imaginable .
tr	PRES	Neither one of them deserves you , but you don 't seem to get that .
tr	PRES	I mean , really likes you ?
tr	PAST	Her back crumpled under a heavy blow .
tr	PAST	The nail that had secured the door to the frame to the board squealed as it came out .
tr	PAST	More exhausted than usual , I trudged toward the school gates to go home while Sasuke was heading for the hostel .
tr	PRES	Redness fills her cheeks and she jumps and claps .
tr	PAST	Unlike their leisurely kiss in his driveway , Sean sought her with a kind of desperation that was echoed in her .
tr	PAST	She preferred to pick her battles .
tr	PRES	He tries again but misses and I 'm backed up against the railing of the porch .
tr	PAST	He sped toward Shallow Springs , thinking the town to be a safe haven .
tr	PRES	- Everyone loves Robbie , so I expected you would be different in this point .
tr	PAST	Her left arm glowed in bluish light .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , but protected from what ? "
tr	PAST	The wail persisted , growing louder and more urgent .
tr	PRES	" Glazed doughnuts , here we come , my treat . "
tr	PRES	" A lack of balance , " Mai sighs , clearly having been over this idea in her mind a thousand times .
tr	PRES	He blushes and smiles grand -- minus one tooth in the top front .
tr	PAST	Only one dared to irritate her .
tr	PAST	No ID required ! "
tr	PRES	Huge angel wings , a dirty shade of blue , expand across the canvas .
tr	PAST	A small smile tugged at the corners of her lips .
tr	PAST	126 " Don 't do this , " Gabrielle begged the senator as he finished at the copy machine .
tr	PRES	Which brings me to the second order of business , then .
tr	PAST	I zipped the bag shut .
tr	PAST	In a flash he scampered up towards the ceiling and wedged himself in the darkened corner at the joining of two walls .
tr	PAST	It also prevented her from thinking about Evan 's phone messages .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	One Reaper stands in the middle of it feasting off the souls of the bodies , growing more powerful .
tr	PRES	Society sees its job as preparing its children for their future as disciplined workers .
tr	PAST	' Good God no , ' he scoffed .
tr	PAST	" He doesn 't need a second-in-command , " Daemon crooned .
tr	PAST	I then described what I saw in the villages .
tr	PRES	" Like father like daughter , huh , Carl ? "
tr	PRES	" What about the briefcase ? "
tr	PAST	Very slowly , she cocked her head to the side , watching me .
tr	PRES	Teaching pays thirty-five cents an hour , but I am not tempted by the higher wages .
tr	PRES	Her green eyes shone .
tr	PAST	He thanked him for being his friend .
tr	PRES	Dried tears laced her cheeks in a dim gloss .
tr	PRES	I shine my light after him .
tr	PRES	Cassidy likes to visit her . "
tr	PRES	He points down the hallway .
tr	PAST	Inwardly , he cringed at the sound of her sleepy voice .
tr	PAST	He stated the obvious .
tr	PAST	The girl collapsed , her body shaking , the taste of her terror potent in the air .
tr	PAST	I squinted in an effort to recognize any of them as they walked excitedly in my direction .
tr	PAST	The eel dove underwater and left .
tr	PRES	I swim alone , at my pond , Terry Cleaver 's Pond .
tr	PRES	And each god a Brahman . "
tr	PRES	He remembers the steps toward his dad .
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " she murmured , then attempted to duck around him .
tr	PAST	She cringed , confused and frightened by the change in the air .
tr	PRES	He bent over her , his body posture protective .
tr	PAST	She unfolded the letter with rushed fingers as her adrenaline spiked .
tr	PAST	His hands glowed bright yellow with dancing specks of purple .
tr	PAST	She circled his neck with her arms , cradled his head .
tr	PRES	No matter how complicated our relationship , Mom loves me , and me nearly dying three times in one month has pushed her to the limit .
tr	PAST	I extended my saber , my arm a continuation of the honed blade .
tr	PAST	" I 've already said I won 't leave , " she chided softly .
tr	PRES	" She ´ s like Gabriel , he likes to live among your people .
tr	PRES	So , that fits with what you were saying , too . "
tr	PAST	They chased me through the library .
tr	PRES	He begins to laugh and Courtney answers her cell .
tr	PRES	The thought of finally being able to move against him fills me with a dark joy .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to the Air force crew who died fighting the Italians .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , but why didn 't I ever discover that ?
tr	PRES	I assume he 'd bought into the bar , as the previous bartender had .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 6 The moment sunlight touched my skin , I faltered a step .
tr	PRES	The economic and social changes you propose shaft responsibility and the management of power .
tr	PAST	Fricke proved quite the professor .
tr	PRES	" What crisis ? "
tr	PAST	Attending bal games ceased .
tr	PAST	Sheila cowered beneath the vehemence of the spoken words .
tr	PAST	In a blind rage , Pollard stormed from his office and stalked across the street , heading straight for Hollister 's quarters .
tr	PRES	Ferguson granted a few overnight and three-day passes , but only for trips to Munich or the Garmisch recreational area .
tr	PAST	Ignoring the sudden impact , I stiffened and passed them .
tr	PAST	She unleashed another volley of rabbit punches , slaps and when those failed to connect she clawed at his face with her fingernails .
tr	PAST	A year wiser , perhaps .
tr	PRES	" I can give them to her , if you like , " she offers .
tr	PRES	" Sing me one about trolls ! "
tr	PAST	She exited the cab and stepped up onto the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	I scratch her back and she scratches mine . "
tr	PAST	" Interesting for you , perhaps .
tr	PRES	She begins , but before she can continue , I interrupt .
tr	PAST	" All because of you , sweetheart , " he rasped out , finally managing to roll the damn condom onto his throbbing shaft .
tr	PAST	Laughter accompanied that comment .
tr	PAST	Snake 's eyes flicked to Connor .
tr	PAST	For all our sakes , " Myra calmly stated , hoping to ease the tension in the room .
tr	PRES	My heart misses a beat .
tr	PAST	His amber eyes churned a dozen dizzying shades of gold .
tr	PAST	He zipped up the backpack after that and hefted it over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Ben tries the handle anyway , but of course it 's locked .
tr	PAST	Jonathan tipped his head at the grey-haired man .
tr	PRES	Mother tends to look the other way whenever we need to deal with our neighbors ... for now .
tr	PAST	His chest rumbled with his deep voice as he withdrew his hands from under my legs and behind my back , saying , " Comfy ?
tr	PRES	" Here , chew on this .
tr	PRES	A few carvings here and there , but , you know , of the ' Sally loves John ' variety . "
tr	PAST	Nodding , Kadie thanked the women for their help , then went into the first auditorium .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side , studying her profile .
tr	PAST	He massaged one tantalizing breast , enjoying the way her skin flushed under his gentle caress .
tr	PRES	Ethan flashes a dimpled grin at Lila and pulls out a chair for her .
tr	PAST	He cringed , " I guess I deserve that . "
tr	PAST	" You have a question , " Amelie stated .
tr	PRES	The heat was incredible , her skin tingling as if she had suffered instantaneous sunburn .
tr	PRES	But you , you belong nowhere .
tr	PRES	Thank God , " he mumbled in a low , fervent voice .
tr	PAST	She fetched the pain reliever tablets she 'd found earlier and gave him more .
tr	PRES	" No gossiping with the other servants ! "
tr	PRES	For an antidote to the disease . "
tr	PRES	Not even Ryan , the eternal optimist , tries to say anything to lighten the mood .
tr	PAST	Susan stiffened and rose , poker in hand .
tr	PRES	The reporter refuses to quit .
tr	PAST	" Got - " I was about to say , but Troy was already two steps ahead of me .
tr	PRES	" Twenty three , plus the local man -- Henri . "
tr	PRES	" Of course she hates it .
tr	PRES	I think , like the song tonight , she holds you in a place of ' awesome wonder ' . "
tr	PRES	Says he wants the experience . "
tr	PRES	Once I heard Lottie 's deep breathing , I snuck out of my bed and went to her overstuffed shelves .
tr	PRES	I lean into his side and his knuckles stroke my cheek .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and touches the back of her thigh with one hand , pulling her closer .
tr	PRES	" It 's a male horse , in case you hadn 't noticed , " he teased her .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a furious finger at the girl 's bare breasts .
tr	PRES	She snuck in a jab to his chin .
tr	PAST	My legs slap against the back of her thighs as I repeat the motion .
tr	PRES	His face shone brightly under the fluorescents .
tr	PRES	" Come on , witch .
tr	PRES	The very idea of you dying for me , of you not existing , kills me . "
tr	PAST	After Alicia left , Emily pondered the news about Tom .
tr	PRES	The key to success lies in a thorough plan .
tr	PAST	After quickly checking a few dresser drawers and glancing inside a nightstand , Seth exited the room .
tr	PAST	Now , it only served to make the chill in his spine even colder .
tr	PRES	No lights shone from any windows or outdoor fixtures .
tr	PRES	" And a slice of pizza . "
tr	PRES	" Thank God , " I mutter , turning my focus back to my task .
tr	PAST	Certainly he desired her .
tr	PAST	Eugenie Williams charged through the door and across the room .
tr	PAST	" Supposed to be , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	Kimmy cocked her head to the side .
tr	PRES	A hand , drenched in blood , rises high in the air to stretch toward sunlight .
tr	PRES	A couple of them were blasted into trees , their bodies vanishing on impact .
tr	PAST	Rico tipped back his head and laughed , surrounded b. . .
tr	PRES	Hope rises again , mingling with that frustrated feeling , leaving me achy and distracted as Alec pulls me to my feet .
tr	PRES	As my eyes scan the dark they settle on the outhouse , a pair of eyes stares back .
tr	PAST	Scores moved to separate father from son , Case motioned him to stop .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , sis .
tr	PRES	The group of Amity a few seats away from us bursts into laughter .
tr	PRES	Looking at him brings my worst fears into reality .
tr	PAST	" You 're growing , " she teased him then gave me the bottle of soda and plastic cups .
tr	PAST	Or perhaps he feared for my safety . '
tr	PRES	" Ms. Greg ? "
tr	PAST	Indeed , the Prince 's anger also extended to the director , for he , too , had trafficked in stolen goods .
tr	PRES	But nothing cured the pit in her stomach that grew deeper with every passing minute .
tr	PRES	I pet her head and she licked my hand .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but you don 't . "
tr	PAST	Zeus squinted and stared at his communicator .
tr	PAST	A shot exploded , and Madison clawed herself awake to escape it .
tr	PAST	Bennett 's fingers created this magic that would now become a permanent part of me .
tr	PRES	Mum 's last words to me echo inside my skull - " Look after your brother . "
tr	PAST	Seconds later one of his senior agents stormed into the room .
tr	PAST	Niall quickly withdrew the sword and wiped the blood from her skin with his thumb .
tr	PAST	His breathing slowed in matched cadence with that of her son .
tr	PAST	The procession slowed , then pulled into the driveway of the duplex directly across the street .
tr	PRES	When her arms drop , the tires squeal as we peel out .
tr	PAST	Al Davis solemnly extended a chubby finger .
tr	PRES	The door slides open as we approach , but there is no-one inside .
tr	PRES	" We both know I wouldn 't need to use violence to get you to respond , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	She unwound the towel from her damp curls and let it fall behind her .
tr	PAST	" We preferred to conduct our relationship away from prying eyes . "
tr	PAST	A shadow emerged from the trees .
tr	PRES	scoffed the vile voice , " not even me , most especially me !
tr	PRES	They shone with kindness .
tr	PRES	" And you , pal .
tr	PRES	He taps a gentle kiss over my lips .
tr	PRES	" I hope your punches are better than your insults , " Five snaps back .
tr	PAST	in Baton Rouge provided a divine degree of American luxury .
tr	PRES	She climbs through the trees , crossing over on the thickest branches to retrieve her spear .
tr	PAST	The vigilantes retreated in disarray , and the saved man kept a promise and ordered the marble statue to be shipped all the way from Italy .
tr	PRES	I mutter , eyes on the distant hills .
tr	PRES	Years of sorrow dwelt there .
tr	PRES	He slams the phone down on the table , then curses loudly and runs a hand through his hair .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps unnaturally , like a thousand wild horses trampling through my bloodstream .
tr	PAST	Shaking his head in disbelief , he dialed the third number .
tr	PRES	" It 's a long story , " Emily mumbled .
tr	PRES	Heat slowly creeps up my face .
tr	PRES	She was sleeping so soundly , her head resting against his shoulder , right where he wanted her .
tr	PAST	" Actually , Gin doesn 't have to call anyone , " Silvio piped up .
tr	PRES	Twelve petty and five violent . "
tr	PAST	The three men and the old woman crouched below the windows and peered across at the melee , waiting to see what the group would do next .
tr	PRES	The bedroom door slams behind him .
tr	PRES	The knowledge that I 'll be dealing with a dumb ass fills me with relief , though I know that he 's thrice my size .
tr	PRES	The patience of the Ageless wears thin . "
tr	PAST	I risked the wrath of my own people and the Alchemists to take you in , and this is how you repay me ? "
tr	PAST	Frowning , Sabin withdrew a walkie-talkie .
tr	PRES	I fling the store door open , forgetting that the hinges are broken and it slams loudly against the wall .
tr	PAST	Luke sat forward , his hands clasped .
tr	PAST	Lincoln scribbled some things down while Bob took over the questions , switching angles .
tr	PRES	Instead he pushes me to the floor and walks out of the room , closing the door behind him .
tr	PRES	She pushes me away from the motor , hard enough that I fall .
tr	PAST	She chided herself for thinking the worst and plastered a smile on her face for Sam 's sake .
tr	PRES	" What hypothesis ? "
tr	PRES	Like , if you stray out of your stable emotional range , something changes with your ability .
tr	PAST	He smacked a hand against his forehead and extended the other one toward the dark heavens .
tr	PRES	" Well , maybe , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" I forgive your angry words .
tr	PAST	His strange line of questioning and actions baffled me to no end .
tr	PAST	She adjusted a fold in her tan cotton skirt .
tr	PAST	Luther plopped it all into the back of the Caddy and glanced at the children in the corner .
tr	PAST	Danika 's looks and body rivaled that of the models in the Victoria 's Secret campaigns .
tr	PAST	A waiter claimed my attention with a " Sorry , love . "
tr	PRES	From one as wishes you well .
tr	PRES	After thanking Mrs. Buckner for her time in introducing us around , I wove my way through the crowd .
tr	PAST	Every mundane action , every thought , every smile or frown shown even to a stranger created a chain of events , like ripples in a pond .
tr	PRES	" On average , eighteen feet .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed mine like a lover , making no demands other than for permission to continue .
tr	PAST	The two men shuffled awkwardly in place , their eyes darting to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Jesus loves all creatures .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	All talk was of how merciless he could be , and how even his officers were scared of him .
tr	PRES	It clears our Sight .
tr	PRES	You shine under pressure . "
tr	PRES	Crewe opens the back door and grabs some provisions .
tr	PRES	" I fret over you all the time .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , come to find out Sal likes to exercise too .
tr	PAST	Ali attempted a wobbly smile .
tr	PRES	" Can you sing me a lullaby ? "
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly upon her face , and it was the most beautiful face he had ever seen .
tr	PRES	And I don 't like your tone either , " she points out , growing more and more stubborn all the time .
tr	PRES	It balanced my over-the-top everything . "
tr	PAST	A flash in his eyes revealed everything to me .
tr	PRES	" James pushed me away , " I confess .
tr	PRES	They stank of rotting flesh .
tr	PAST	She gauged the length and height in four different places , then committed it all to memory .
tr	PRES	" You a lawyer ?
tr	PRES	He carries me into my room as I continue to sob and he lies down with me on the bed .
tr	PAST	Mia padded out of the bedroom and headed down the hallway .
tr	PAST	She sobbed the words now .
tr	PRES	" She pul ed me off him . "
tr	PAST	An entire city where they could live appealed greatly to Flavio .
tr	PAST	I feverishly dialed his work number , reminding myself that I could not sound panicked when the receptionist picked up the phone .
tr	PRES	Your passion carries the seeds of damnation , not deliverance . "
tr	PRES	Beast pushes away from the tree and hurries back to the clearing as fast as his injured leg will allow .
tr	PRES	" You 're beautiful , " Atlas whispered , his nose nuzzling her ear , practically purring .
tr	PRES	He stops when he sees me .
tr	PAST	A laugh rumbled from his gut .
tr	PRES	Begonia opens the throne room door .
tr	PRES	Slowly walking to the other end of the platform , he scrutinized the prisoners .
tr	PRES	Damien sighs as he stands and runs his hands through his hair .
tr	PRES	He hears her loose a sob on her end .
tr	PAST	Thomas untied the rope from the dock and tossed it onto the deck .
tr	PAST	They represented victims , victims who deserved justice for what they 'd suffered .
tr	PRES	" You , me , pajamas , and sleeping ... " I decide that perhaps a little lighthearted humor won 't hurt .
tr	PRES	Looking up to add , " But I only paid six of them .
tr	PAST	" I DON 'T WANT to be friends anymore , " Rebecca announced as soon as Josh stumbled out of her bedroom the next morning .
tr	PAST	Room , board , and minimal wages provided in exchange for manual labor .
tr	PRES	" He still loves you .
tr	PAST	Not unless provoked . "
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	It saddened him , that she might be pushed to such extremes .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed as more customers entered the bookstore .
tr	PAST	The sensation , as if spinning slowly upside down , tickled the hairs on Kate 's neck .
tr	PAST	My brother 's emotions swirled near the surface .
tr	PAST	She swiped at her eyes , smudging the dark black mascara across her cheeks .
tr	PAST	In a fast racing motion , he leaped in the air , and jabbed an upper kick .
tr	PRES	A loud thud from the ocean causes them all to turn .
tr	PRES	" Shall I wash your back first , dear ? "
tr	PRES	" I 'm a hypocrite , " I murmur sadly .
tr	PAST	" Now I understand why you picked the tree you did for your own house , " he joked .
tr	PRES	Shrugs Bruno and begins to walk away , but Greg grabs him by the shoulder .
tr	PAST	" You don 't need to crush me , Jay , " his voice rumbled , amused .
tr	PRES	My mommy draws here , and me and Elizabeth dance . "
tr	PRES	" She doesn 't look happy , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	You dispense it here and tell them it 's vitamins . "
tr	PAST	Alexia dove for the knob .
tr	PAST	The snarling distinctive bass melded incredibly with them .
tr	PRES	And I drag my boiling body ever slowly to the opening not more than a hundred yards ahead of me .
tr	PAST	Silence lingered between them as he took sips from his flask , his eyes looking everywhere but at her .
tr	PRES	" No , no ; ' tis just a trick of the light . "
tr	PAST	She rinsed the empty plates and loaded them in the dishwasher .
tr	PAST	Are we sneaking in ? "
tr	PRES	" Until she returns . "
tr	PAST	His own father 's voice , though long dead , lectured him too .
tr	PRES	I race away from the chamber , planning to put plenty of space between myself and the ball of light .
tr	PAST	All told , the vicious attack claimed fifty-seven natives and eight physicians , three of whom were French citizens , two Spanish citizens , and three Americans .
tr	PAST	Someone who could not be trusted .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me and then sighs , before walking over to the bed and sitting next to me .
tr	PAST	That one kiss cost me everything .
tr	PAST	What kind of ... " Mark regained his balance on the rock that he had been sitting on .
tr	PAST	Michael McCartney at Simon and Schuster designed the book , placed the art , and was very , very patient with our many detail-oriented requests .
tr	PAST	With sudden decision she unwound her scarf , one-handed , until her face was exposed .
tr	PRES	And then he holds me close to his chest , while we both regain our bearings .
tr	PRES	" It just strikes me as odd . "
tr	PRES	She looks through , reaches a list .
tr	PRES	" Don 't I even rate a hello these days ? "
tr	PRES	He tries to laugh .
tr	PAST	She ' s right , Onyx defended .
tr	PRES	She reaches under the nightstand for one of the magazines piled there and puts it down to catch the blood .
tr	PRES	' On the mantelpiece .
tr	PRES	The OPEN sign buzzes to life in the Santo 's window as I walk inside .
tr	PRES	Girl sees boy and falls in love .
tr	PAST	She propped her shades up on top of her head and looked Camille in the eye .
tr	PAST	After a little while my stomach rumbled , alerting the world my pancakes had stopped fueling me .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , he wraps his arms around me and kisses me .
tr	PRES	" And I thought you guys just carry machetes around to look tough , " he tries to make a joke .
tr	PAST	George plopped down in his easy chair , next to the small table holding the glowing lamp .
tr	PRES	Which brings us to the flat earth .
tr	PRES	It washes me in a familiar aching shame .
tr	PRES	He holds me steady .
tr	PRES	He removes the blade and plucks the cobalt straw from out of the drink .
tr	PRES	Everyone saw shrinks there .
tr	PRES	A rough shake at her shoulder draws Serena from her dreams .
tr	PRES	She disconnected the call and turned worried blue eyes on him .
tr	PAST	Holiday 's voice chased Kylie as she hurried out the door , but she didn 't pay it any heed .
tr	PRES	The colours wither ; the light fades and without the alliance between the elements the land will die . "
tr	PRES	Marcus rounds his desk quickly to assist .
tr	PAST	They next sought out anyone with law enforcement or military experience and found about two dozen , many of them from Forts Campbell and Knox .
tr	PRES	" No good-looking girls in Salt Lake ? "
tr	PAST	Nate 's voice washed over her , tugging her back to reality .
tr	PAST	" Who else phoned ? "
tr	PAST	It then crawled onto my hood while I watched , totally transfixed by its actions .
tr	PRES	" Only if it 's a platinum love ring , " she teased .
tr	PAST	My father speculated that their dilapidated house couldn 't withstand the flood , and that there 'd be no place for them to return to .
tr	PRES	The Civic slams back on the ground .
tr	PAST	With our backs to the wall a few inches away from the edge , Chloe produced a pocket mirror and checked around the corner .
tr	PRES	" He likes that . "
tr	PAST	He motioned for the flight attendant .
tr	PAST	" Shana 's right , you know , " Jazmine stated for Adam 's benefit , as she moved toward them .
tr	PRES	His words churn in my mind and I know how I can draw out my death .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand out and flicks a switch to activate the loudspeaker .
tr	PRES	A shout from above .
tr	PRES	" Why me , Mario ?
tr	PRES	" Ben Christopher . "
tr	PAST	The concrete under John 's feet exploded .
tr	PAST	The symbolism at the crime scene triggered the memory , and her question about the prints was an unconscious response . "
tr	PAST	His arms circled her waist as he held her so she would not fall and then she was pressing her body into his .
tr	PRES	Just blurt it out .
tr	PRES	My phone buzzes , and I think that I shouldn 't look .
tr	PAST	Michael faltered at the door .
tr	PAST	She scooted toward Angie to make room .
tr	PRES	The group originated from Seattle , Washington .
tr	PRES	Surely you see the resemblance , " another Elder states .
tr	PAST	I jabbed my finger into his rock-hard chest repeatedly .
tr	PRES	She points over Matt 's shoulder , and I see three kids sitting in the waiting area .
tr	PRES	" None of yer business , " mumbled Zeke .
tr	PRES	The hostess snuck in for a moment .
tr	PRES	" She likes you ? "
tr	PAST	Most bounced off the Slasher 's armor without even a nick .
tr	PAST	Like the first , each bore the Prime Minister 's seal , but they continued to shoot into the crowd of guards , mowing them down unmercifully .
tr	PRES	" Back to work , buddy .
tr	PAST	It twinkled and taunted him .
tr	PAST	Laughing and turning to wipe a tear out of her eye , Sky exhaled and drew herself up straight .
tr	PRES	Abe reaches over to brush a lock of my hair behind my ear , keeping his hand there .
tr	PRES	" So do I , " she mutters .
tr	PAST	The battle smashed across his desk and crashed into his bookshelf , scattering volumes across the floor .
tr	PRES	One that danced from her fingertips into the box where her heart lay .
tr	PRES	" Fucking pig ! "
tr	PRES	When I reach for my car door , he stops me , and turns me toward him .
tr	PAST	Clarissa pinched her husband 's hard cheek .
tr	PAST	They created a maze of wood that wound its way to the rear of the building .
tr	PAST	The smell of gun powdered smoke and the stench of bullets burned into dead flesh suffocated the air .
tr	PRES	He twirls me around and unzips my dress , letting it drop to the floor , leaving me in just a bra and panties .
tr	PAST	While he was doing that , Hawk loaded the third , then slapped Antonia , not too hard , but hard enough to shut her up .
tr	PAST	He stepped closer to me , hands clasped behind his back .
tr	PAST	" Her faith never faltered .
tr	PAST	The girls he passed on the way over giggled louder at his alluring smile and turned to watch me curiously .
tr	PAST	A sudden flap of wings overhead gets his attention , the source revealed to be a giant owl staring down at him curiously .
tr	PRES	Damp wood , damp matches .
tr	PRES	Gwen purses her lips and shakes her head .
tr	PAST	She crouched down next to the wall and unclipped a charge from her belt .
tr	PRES	" Hold on , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and studied him .
tr	PAST	The man bounced back and fell face down .
tr	PAST	" We hooked up in a hayloft .
tr	PAST	She shuffled to the bathroom and disappeared inside .
tr	PAST	The woman - Ashlyn - bounced on his shoulder , an unwelcome reminder that he could break at any moment and slaughter everything around him .
tr	PRES	" You know , " Cathy mumbled .
tr	PAST	I preferred to think of him as the latter .
tr	PAST	With a heavy sigh I taped closed another box and stacked it in the corner , then sank onto the bed .
tr	PAST	He bounced in place , for all the world like Eve with her Blanche DuBois note , and stopped to wave the thing at Claire .
tr	PRES	" It 's ok , " she whispers back , but doesn 't turn around .
tr	PAST	I pretended I hadn 't heard the comment .
tr	PRES	Lizzie turned her attention back to the trees they were racing through and began to shout , her voice sounding high .
tr	PRES	" This job is an unnecessary danger , " Serena hisses back at him .
tr	PRES	" He loves me .
tr	PRES	Within a minute , she returns with her purse .
tr	PAST	Understanding brightened her eyes .
tr	PRES	Uncle Pete glances at the painting .
tr	PAST	He eyed her seductively .
tr	PAST	Just like before when they 'd spoken to each other , he 'd felt her presence , sensed her emotions .
tr	PAST	Whatever it was , she preferred to think of it as sleeping .
tr	PAST	No longer trusted the sixth sense she used in her relationships with people .
tr	PAST	We speculated on its contents , and if it was full of cocaine or the proceeds from drug sales .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you say , kiddo . "
tr	PRES	His breath washes over my face when he exhales .
tr	PAST	I yawned and shuffled into the kitchen for a drink of water .
tr	PRES	She considers ditching it , but it is her only real weapon .
tr	PRES	I fumble out my phone and text Karou : URGENT ASSISTANCE REQUIRED .
tr	PRES	Lil hauled the bucket up , tied off the rope , and pulled out the brush .
tr	PAST	He slowly inched towards the fuel cap .
tr	PAST	Her recruitment as an asset and spy was known only by a small handful of people within their organization , all well trusted .
tr	PRES	He arches a brow .
tr	PRES	He tries to laugh it off , but I don 't buy it for a second .
tr	PRES	The slight pain helps to distract her thoughts .
tr	PRES	His mouth twitches under his white beard , but she can 't be sure why .
tr	PRES	" Would I fuck around if it had something to do with the Council ? "
tr	PAST	The hardwood floors vibrated , and I knew Lawrence was again moving through the house .
tr	PRES	" There you idiot !
tr	PRES	Brenden stands from the table and walks towards me .
tr	PRES	He gritted his teeth , muttered , " What else .
tr	PAST	' Obviously , ' he stated .
tr	PRES	" Just kiss me , Carlo , please don 't ask for anything more than that , " she begged .
tr	PAST	He crouched , but he was wider at the shoulders than any of the bushes , so it was of little use .
tr	PRES	He points inside the cave .
tr	PRES	Gabe arches an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	" I wan na brownie , " the little girl shrieked .
tr	PAST	A hand clutched his wrist .
tr	PRES	" He never had any to start with , " Hamish mumbled .
tr	PRES	It tries to flee but the box opens and a bright light hits it midsection .
tr	PAST	What if her obligations to her job outweighed everything ?
tr	PAST	He exhaled deeply , then turned and headed to his front door .
tr	PRES	Her eyes were closed , bow mouth open just a little , puffy sleep breaths gusting .
tr	PRES	" Good morning to you , too , " Ashe mumbled as he settled beside Trajan .
tr	PRES	History only remembers the winners while everyone forgets the losers .
tr	PRES	" What kinds of expenses ? "
tr	PRES	Wet strands of her dark hair clung about her face .
tr	PRES	My mom reaches over and pinches my arm .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	The action begins in five minutes after the start , to give everyone time to get into their positions .
tr	PRES	Still together , slight correction on a control line as a gentle breeze tries to push them off course .
tr	PRES	Instead he wraps me in a hug .
tr	PAST	" I 'll bet it means something , " I yawned , still trying to wake up .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the back of the couch and meekly suggest my idea .
tr	PRES	" Susan , where did you get that outfit , the pearl necklace ?
tr	PAST	Pray continue your discourse on fashion , " Magnus urged her .
tr	PAST	If Celine had any fear it fled when Pierce began to nibble on her ear lobe .
tr	PAST	Cindy 's sign-off line slapped me in the face with it . "
tr	PRES	' Hey Elle , ' he begins .
tr	PAST	She steadied her pistol , her finger finding the trigger .
tr	PAST	The man inched his finger toward the trigger of his weapon .
tr	PRES	That stupid Brutus ! "
tr	PRES	Eden sighs , closes his eyes , and leans his head against the mountain of pillows stacked on his bed .
tr	PRES	" Ascended exist outside the provinces of Heaven and Hell .
tr	PRES	' Oh , it 's you , you idiot ! '
tr	PAST	Jenna hopped off the stool and hid behind Parker .
tr	PAST	The Princess shrieked , ' Liar ' and plunged a dagger into her sister .
tr	PAST	Casey extended his hand to Paul and said , " All right , then .
tr	PAST	Cain 's pants buzzed , and she realized that his phone was vibrating .
tr	PRES	The process of not giving it that limited meaning lets a person understand where it is coming from .
tr	PRES	Then he falls down or cuts himself one to many times , and his mind gives up .
tr	PAST	White painted walls were covered with framed prints and photographs of the ocean , sunsets or fishing boats .
tr	PRES	She wears them on her face for the whole world to see .
tr	PAST	Amelie lingered , a trace of a frown on her face .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered again .
tr	PRES	" Ahhh ... and you think I have a dirty mind . "
tr	PAST	I panicked and called my dad .
tr	PRES	The distant clang of requested access rings with a strange buzzing echo .
tr	PAST	" No , but I 've never seen such an illegible map as that , " countered Jane peering at the mess of scribbles .
tr	PAST	" We need to take a break , " Sidney Clare announced .
tr	PRES	I wobble up and down the flight of stairs .
tr	PRES	What brings you to the Hall ? "
tr	PAST	He tensed before he could stop himself .
tr	PRES	She lays them across both hands and presents them to me .
tr	PAST	A dark-green Jaguar glided down the drive and stopped next to the Porsche .
tr	PAST	" I have a different theory , " James rumbled .
tr	PAST	In seconds , I heard , " Got 'em ! "
tr	PRES	He delicately sketches his finger along my lips and sighs .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " he lied just as the door to the building burst open and cops with weapons streamed onto the rooftop .
tr	PRES	Please , ' he begs .
tr	PRES	I rip open the envelope and slide the letter out .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth into a wild smile beneath his beard .
tr	PRES	She wraps her hand in mine , takes a shuddering breath and immediately falls sleep .
tr	PRES	" Go away , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" I lied in bed for hours and wonder if anyone would ever see me that way .
tr	PAST	He crouched down and waited , thinking maybe he had forgotten to close it .
tr	PRES	Rory mouths " silly string , " and his eyes light up .
tr	PAST	And whenever this prospect was mentioned , Lily pretended to contemplate the notion .
tr	PAST	As the Duster dignitaries exited , souls emerged from the surrounding chambers to converge on Luther .
tr	PRES	The goalie reaches up and makes contact with the puck on the tip of his glove .
tr	PAST	When I heard the footsteps pause , I froze .
tr	PRES	Tristan snuck down to the river and washed the dust from his face and hands .
tr	PRES	' Me , too .
tr	PRES	" Herr 'D on ! "
tr	PRES	He fits his fingers around the handle of his mug and brings it to his lips .
tr	PRES	Before I 'm even out the door , Eight whispers some joke to Marina that immediately gets her giggling .
tr	PRES	He joins the rebels after the Empire poisons their water supply , killing everyone in the castle , including his wife and child .
tr	PRES	" Something tougher than ' Stiff . '
tr	PAST	I tipped her head back so that I could better kiss her neck , tangling my free hand up in her hair .
tr	PRES	Orson slams the door , opens it , and slams it again before rushing back down the steps .
tr	PRES	Wheels rumble over the crumbling road , crunching pebbles beneath the treads .
tr	PAST	I squinted while my eyes adjusted to the bare light bulb dangling overhead .
tr	PAST	The earth and concrete churned as bullets dug in .
tr	PAST	Eric absorbed that , but wasn 't sure how to respond .
tr	PAST	Kellan 's growl rumbled in the quiet cell .
tr	PRES	De Grenier returns quite often , always alone .
tr	PAST	I preferred , always , to repay my debts .
tr	PRES	" He pays us to keep quiet about the location . "
tr	PRES	No nerve damage luckily , but many shattered and broken vertebrae .
tr	PRES	They echo with me now , giving a whisper of Jax to eternity , and that knowledge humbles me .
tr	PAST	A smile curved his lips as she gasped in need .
tr	PAST	Ito motioned to the retainer and Atsuko to leave .
tr	PAST	Unable to sit still , he exploded through the unlocked front door and studied the milky foam spread thickly over the living room walls .
tr	PRES	Eddie rises to his feet , chair scraping back .
tr	PAST	She cringed , terrified that her ignorance might bring on another round of torture .
tr	PAST	Dorsett listened , then dismissed a broadcast that was mostly unintelligible to my ears .
tr	PAST	I lied again , this time around a yawn .
tr	PRES	" I like ropes , " he teased her with the naughty grin he was so famous for .
tr	PAST	Jess tugged Helen to him .
tr	PAST	He sloshed on the counter then wiped it up with his sleeve .
tr	PRES	Flynn brings us food twice a day , but never stays to talk , and Landon never shows up again .
tr	PAST	Honestly , I sensed no emotion at all from the lands .
tr	PRES	Morgan pushes her oversize sunglasses on .
tr	PAST	The boy dove under the table .
tr	PAST	With someone named Connor . "
tr	PAST	She tipped her face up to look into his eyes .
tr	PAST	Isabella strummed a chord on her guitar .
tr	PRES	He removes the fruit , one by one , and sets them on his dresser .
tr	PRES	" Because you belong here , at least for the summer . "
tr	PAST	" Then perhaps it would be best to keep your secrets for now , " Simone cowardly urged .
tr	PRES	" Don 't mind mum , she loves feeding people .
tr	PAST	Nixon 's voice damn near shattered the windows as he slammed my body against the counter again .
tr	PRES	" How about a rifle ? "
tr	PAST	Her hands balled into fists .
tr	PRES	A blush creeps up her cheeks , and I thought she couldn 't look any prettier than she did a minute ago .
tr	PAST	I froze in my tracks .
tr	PRES	Kidd explains that " creating a whole new individual with its own personality is a very sophisticated thing to do . "
tr	PAST	She also served a God of comfort who loved her without end .
tr	PRES	A sharp , burning pain begins in my back causing me to stagger .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands , palms facing me like he means no harm .
tr	PRES	Why rip me away from all that ? "
tr	PRES	I teach the private lessons . "
tr	PRES	says Lucien again , his voice still frighteningly calm and controlled .
tr	PAST	Markman withdrew his hand and ruffled the dogs fur near his shoulders .
tr	PAST	' Right , ' he shuffled back off the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Nah , we 'll still have Creation Science , " she offers , laughing right back .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth against the pain , his arms around the unconscious Douglas .
tr	PAST	His body bounced onto the hood , denting the shiny metal on impact .
tr	PAST	She sensed his tiredness .
tr	PRES	" I sure am , sweetie .
tr	PAST	An empty , distant look glazed over her eyes .
tr	PAST	He advanced and she backed away until she was against the side of a table .
tr	PRES	Even modern law considers it as grave offence .
tr	PAST	I pecked her on the lips after I said it .
tr	PRES	" He tries to hide it but Vince has the softest heart .
tr	PAST	I slowed down and took her in my mouth , biting and licking her hard nipples like she commanded .
tr	PRES	She exhales sharply , and makes a noise that 's almost a laugh .
tr	PRES	" It was ... exquisite .
tr	PRES	Spread lies , blend in truths , add a pinch of snark and a dash of tears .
tr	PAST	The amusement fled from Royce 's face and with a groan he pulled her roughly against his chest , crushing her to him .
tr	PRES	Just as I 'm about to turn and leave , the man approaches me .
tr	PAST	Finished with their updates , they both announced that they were tired of sitting and waiting here in Bellevue .
tr	PAST	Madge slowed down and said , " You 're right .
tr	PRES	" Those are each twenty-five ounces , " he states .
tr	PAST	Shelly perked up , " Oh yeah ; now you 're talking ! "
tr	PAST	Devon sped through the woods , uncertain of where he was going , or what he was going to do with her .
tr	PRES	It slows down time and slows perception .
tr	PAST	He never slowed , racing through ravines and over rocks .
tr	PAST	The bulb exploded , and the two guns exploded flashing against the instant blackness .
tr	PAST	He immediately stifled the thought , knowing his mother would be displeased if he acted on the impulse .
tr	PRES	The glass door creaks as it slides , letting in heavy set of footsteps .
tr	PAST	I giggled , and then Frankie laughed .
tr	PRES	The look on his face softens everything in me .
tr	PRES	' No , no clue at all . '
tr	PAST	Secret Service agents elbowed their way through the crowd in pursuit .
tr	PAST	Something about the rumble of the engine churned up her blood .
tr	PAST	" Keep reading , " she urged the boy to continue .
tr	PAST	I had a study period before class , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha .
tr	PRES	Asher whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	He opted to go back and explain what he was going to do instead .
tr	PRES	" I thought I 'd be safer with you guys , " Shannon mumbled .
tr	PAST	He inches forward again ; he 's so close I can feel his breath on my face , minty and clean .
tr	PRES	She disappears and in her place are gray storm clouds .
tr	PRES	The faint rumble of a diesel engine .
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , Silas ?
tr	PRES	Their roots twine all the way around the roots of everything they touch , choking the water out of them .
tr	PAST	Gina and I giggled again .
tr	PAST	A small smile touches his lips , as if he 's entertained by Tristan 's nervous manner .
tr	PRES	" Cheese puffs stain better .
tr	PAST	I clutched my hand as pain shot out from the band of metal and into my body .
tr	PRES	" The Tour de Marseilles auto race offers a prize of 50,000 francs .
tr	PAST	Much of the first half dealt with the great love story between Orpheus and Eurydice before she ever went to the Underworld .
tr	PRES	I assume it was no different with you , am I right ? "
tr	PAST	Something crouched at the top of the steps , nearly invisible in the darkness .
tr	PRES	" With the ground frozen solid ?
tr	PRES	Grapes provide necessary nutrition for human survival , and for you ladies who don 't like beer , the odd glass of wine will be available . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes flit from Murphy to Kai , then to Ervin standing behind them .
tr	PAST	Hope fisted her hands in his hair .
tr	PRES	But before I can say anything else , the world stops .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 7 I awoke the next morning to the sound of the phone ringing .
tr	PRES	Most of them sell some of what they grow , but Babushka likes to live humbly . "
tr	PAST	The duke rarely visited court ; this had to be important .
tr	PRES	" A tiny bit that 's coming to you when you turn eighteen .
tr	PAST	Same thing would cost thirty next spring , I expect , " he volunteered .
tr	PAST	He flung it as hard as he could , hitting the Mex in the shoulder .
tr	PAST	He squinted up at Colton through thick reading glasses .
tr	PRES	Isaac lifts up in the bed , an intolerant expression lies on his face .
tr	PAST	Excess rubber flapped around her as she walked around , sounding like fish on the bottom of a boat .
tr	PAST	Gradually her breathing slowed and she drifted off once more , wrapped in his strong , capable arms .
tr	PRES	In answer , he taps out a quick hey and my phone pings .
tr	PRES	Grace carries her to their home , sits her down by a fire and wraps her in blankets .
tr	PAST	Jordan 's mouth crumpled into a relieved , ecstatic smile .
tr	PAST	I named it " Lewis Valley " after our fearless leader .
tr	PAST	His tongue plunged quickly and deeply into her mouth and she met it greedily .
tr	PAST	" Arm 's fine , so feel free to ask whatever you need , " his bass rumbled low and soft .
tr	PAST	As I began to chew , I marveled at her having ventured out to the market on her own to collect such a spread .
tr	PAST	Dazed , but otherwise unharmed , Mike regained his balance and turned to the west .
tr	PRES	And the old saying of " you can 't get something for nothing " applies while maintaining consciousness in such a walking coma .
tr	PRES	" I 'll show these gentlemen out , " Monique beamed .
tr	PAST	The airship slowed and circled clockwise around the hill , taking the long way to their anchor point .
tr	PRES	Hanging up , he slides off his chair and instructs , " This way . "
tr	PRES	Iona hauled in the cauldron .
tr	PAST	And froze in horror .
tr	PRES	He offers me a smile that crinkles around his eyes as he starts up the engine .
tr	PAST	And it certainly cured me from future vandalism .
tr	PRES	' Good , eh ? '
tr	PAST	He mumbled a few words under his breath .
tr	PRES	" No need Mama .
tr	PRES	Ben loves his mother , but she shocks him with her new independence and modern ideas about how to live her life .
tr	PRES	She refuses to help out in the other departments and won 't leave until I do . "
tr	PAST	" I 'll take one too , " I chimed in .
tr	PAST	Sophie exhaled , her heart thundering in her chest .
tr	PAST	No wonder Mrs. Byers always volunteered to be the team 's travel mom .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I recall ... I 'm curious about how you escaped , and so quickly ! "
tr	PAST	The blue light of alcohol flames wavered under military field cooking pots full of simmering stews .
tr	PAST	" Your secret almost cost me my life . "
tr	PRES	I bat my eyelashes innocently .
tr	PRES	While she 'll read anything that isn 't nailed down , she considers herself a YA reader and writer at heart .
tr	PRES	" That 's not true , " Robin 's mother snaps .
tr	PRES	I instantly correct myself .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the collar of his shirt behind his bow tie and kept talking .
tr	PRES	" On Friday , around noon .
tr	PAST	They didn 't look up from what they were doing as they passed by , just uttered a word of greeting towards the scientist .
tr	PAST	I zipped my bag and left it on the bed while I went and checked the house .
tr	PRES	Isaiah refuses to let me in .
tr	PRES	And then , when all the words seeped through , " Cameron ?
tr	PRES	A vampire roasting inside a death pyre .
tr	PRES	" When you 're agitated , you twitch a lot and can 't sit still .
tr	PAST	While I was in class , I received a text from Marcus .
tr	PAST	Ivy babbled and grabbed Rose 's braid , jerking it around .
tr	PAST	Can she sing , Pa ? "
tr	PAST	He stares at me sideways .
tr	PRES	" Alexa thinks she entitled to the damn world , " Darcie mumbled as she checked in another book .
tr	PAST	" I froze it . "
tr	PAST	Their stare deepened into something more primal , more knowing , and her insecurity faded as they communicated without words .
tr	PAST	Lucius named several places .
tr	PRES	He whispers as I curl into his side .
tr	PRES	You fetch Coulter ; I 'll get Tanu .
tr	PRES	I am beautiful again , " he whispers to himself happily .
tr	PRES	She flicks her wrist and the pathetic creature that Lance has become is flung off his feet and smashes into the wall opposite him .
tr	PRES	Your voice carries me away to a place where only feelings dwell .
tr	PRES	" Th ... th ... there in the warehouse .
tr	PAST	The crow proceeded to Gaspar 's Hutt and knocked on the door .
tr	PRES	Christina pushes through the swinging doors to the hospital and jogs toward us .
tr	PAST	* * * " Mr. Winkler , I messed things up .
tr	PAST	She preferred her own company and often stayed in her room , where she read or watched television .
tr	PRES	They shone like ink .
tr	PAST	He clasped it firmly in his own gloved hand .
tr	PRES	The left side of his lips rises .
tr	PRES	This brings us into the territory first of biology and then microbiology and finally neuroscience .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's body tensed .
tr	PRES	It was cruel , his expression menacing as he watched the poor wretches trail by .
tr	PRES	This Esper angel who protects those she loves with such dogged determination and zeal .
tr	PAST	I stole the front seat , forcing Lucy to slide into the back .
tr	PRES	He slams his hand on the door frame , and looks away angrily .
tr	PRES	I hesitate on the bottom step .
tr	PRES	" Wha ' ? "
tr	PAST	A moment later , a faint vibration tickled Chris 's feet .
tr	PAST	Our guide motioned off to the side .
tr	PRES	No astonished glances from one Guardian ruler to another .
tr	PRES	" What an entangled web Quincy Morgan weaves for us . "
tr	PRES	Mia pushes back her plate .
tr	PRES	An invisible needle pricks at my heart .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	He shakes my hand , then lets it go .
tr	PRES	He sighs and rolls his eyes as he opens his door .
tr	PAST	His look melded with amusement , satisfaction , and something else , something warm and rich .
tr	PRES	And are they regular ? "
tr	PRES	She loves me , just like she always did . "
tr	PAST	Even the reflection off her nose stud dimmed .
tr	PRES	" The Pentagon loves mercenaries .
tr	PRES	She considers for a second , and then draws a finger over my forearm .
tr	PAST	He created a language through the sounds he made for them , and I did my best to learn .
tr	PAST	So you just visited Zambia for the first time , didn 't you ? "
tr	PAST	I elbowed my way over to Vee .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone with sincerity and truth .
tr	PRES	" I want you here , Katherine .
tr	PAST	I cringed , not so much from the words but from the hideous warning in his voice .
tr	PAST	He collapsed into a chair and when she offered him a beer , he muttered , " Do you have anything stronger ? "
tr	PRES	I , um ... " Did she ?
tr	PAST	I motioned for them to just stop talking and leave me alone and concentrated on not losing my lunch over the side .
tr	PAST	" She has a right to hear why you object to her , " Benson countered .
tr	PAST	Their gestures mirrored each other .
tr	PAST	Emily eyed her petite , dark-haired friend warily , wondering if Randi would have been stupid enough to fall for Paul 's smooth lines .
tr	PAST	The raiders stole what they could , including Mother 's beautiful amber jewellery .
tr	PAST	" Don 't be silly , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	In return , they provided an in-house courier service .
tr	PRES	" Are you - " She chokes down a sob .
tr	PAST	They skipped the lunch at the cafe too .
tr	PAST	Although her words were meant to sting , Tara sensed a weight lifting from Duncan 's shoulders .
tr	PAST	The alphas cuffed Chain , holding him down by the silver chains that had once been his weapons .
tr	PAST	" I knew I knew him , " John stated while looking the man over .
tr	PRES	Now a current of excitement passes through the crowd around the clearing .
tr	PRES	Then I spy a Paramore label buried under the heavier stuff .
tr	PRES	" Figures a dead guy draws more of a house than any show we 've ever done at the Opera House . "
tr	PAST	When she complied , he tugged at her pants .
tr	PAST	It cost him , we think , to set the trap for her a few days ago , then fail . "
tr	PAST	Now that I was there , she just mumbled quietly as she input information .
tr	PRES	As if she were the only thing that mattered .
tr	PRES	I lean in , and close my eyes .
tr	PAST	Michael slowed the car and pulled up just out of sight of the house .
tr	PRES	Generally he likes to work alone , but he 's a good tutor when he 's in the mood . '
tr	PRES	The tension in my chest eases a little more .
tr	PRES	David mumbled under his breath : " And we don 't need five pounds of roast beef . "
tr	PAST	He instructed her to move around behind the camper , deeper into the darkness near the woods , deeper into his control .
tr	PAST	How they shot you in the head and kept you drugged up at a Farm .
tr	PAST	His breathing grew laboured , the air rattling in and out of his lips in shallow pants .
tr	PAST	" You dirty son of a bitch , " she sobbed , thinking Jack would be proud of her .
tr	PAST	He threaded one hand through her hair and kissed her quickly .
tr	PRES	I mean , freshman , " I correct myself .
tr	PAST	And someone posted his bail , which was set at a quarter of a million dollars .
tr	PRES	Maybe a polite greeting as well ? "
tr	PAST	Master George shrieked with excitement like an old woman .
tr	PRES	West seats himself on the hood of my car and I throw a rag at him .
tr	PAST	She regarded him carefully .
tr	PAST	He doubted she 'd ever guess how much Bob had done for him fifteen years ago .
tr	PRES	Lennox 's lips twitch as he turns away from us to order the vigilantes up the stairs .
tr	PAST	Alwyn talked of many things with Jamie but Abel never inquired as to their conversations , being proud and feeling left out .
tr	PRES	She deserves so much better than being beaten up by some monster .
tr	PAST	The cold , his cold , lessened her fear of the unknown and she felt ... loved .
tr	PRES	The jewel draws attention to the cleft between her breasts .
tr	PAST	After inching forward for about ten minutes , he collected a tray , and followed the kid in front of him .
tr	PRES	" What you 've told me explains a good deal .
tr	PRES	New wallpaper or paint ?
tr	PRES	I lean forward to continue our conversation just as the bell rings .
tr	PRES	" Can you compare the other students ' schedules to Emerson 's and see how much overlap there is ? "
tr	PAST	Cissy and Hugh matched .
tr	PRES	" Too smart , " I mutter again .
tr	PRES	It affects Zander , too .
tr	PRES	He tries to keep the ball out of the net . "
tr	PAST	And they both collapsed laughing .
tr	PAST	I prayed , every day .
tr	PAST	Still , the reminder of Ethan dimmed my mood .
tr	PAST	" How about floating on your back now ? "
tr	PRES	" Your niece ? "
tr	PRES	Tammie embraces her tightly .
tr	PRES	" No one else stands out .
tr	PRES	But James just stares after him .
tr	PRES	" Among my people , you sing the song on your lips .
tr	PRES	A familiar face stares down at me .
tr	PRES	Says Bjorn under his breath , " What ? "
tr	PAST	Killing them off created a power vaccuum over the entire European continent .
tr	PAST	She dove into the tote , took out the phone and switched it back on .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked around them and then fastened on her face .
tr	PRES	She approaches me first , clasping my hand .
tr	PAST	I scooted back uncomfortably .
tr	PAST	They giggled at the getup Elizabeth and Melanie had me in .
tr	PRES	Tad snaps his finger towards the van .
tr	PRES	" But what if I miss or I swing too late ? "
tr	PAST	Adelia 's eyes brightened to behold them .
tr	PAST	Kicking himself inwardly , he jabbed the little device and silenced it .
tr	PRES	" I should have gone , " Abe murmurs .
tr	PRES	" Brynn , " he sighs in a patronizing way , setting down his champagne glass .
tr	PAST	He marveled at Joanna .
tr	PRES	In the afternoon , she brings them a pot of brewed tea and some lemon slices .
tr	PRES	Instead , he just stands there , watching me , for several long , tense seconds .
tr	PRES	Nielsen mumbled something indiscernible without hardly looking up and gave a begrudging nod .
tr	PAST	I clasped my hands over my ears , fingernails biting into my scalp , screaming for it to cease .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands behind his back .
tr	PAST	But , when he witnessed Jacqueline 's power he feared for his life .
tr	PAST	He looked at me , then froze , going all white .
tr	PAST	She chanced a peek at him to see him studying her intently , his eyes glowing in the faint light that bled through the furs .
tr	PRES	She talks a lot .
tr	PAST	He even dared to improvise a little .
tr	PRES	Six throws her hands up .
tr	PAST	And then she vomited , and for that involuntary reaction , she was severely punished .
tr	PRES	Just then my bracelet begins to tingle .
tr	PAST	She crawled to the screen door and propped it open , then scrambled back to the man .
tr	PAST	I protected you from the knowledge you couldn 't handle .
tr	PAST	Of course , I also extracted the earrings and put them in my own pocket .
tr	PAST	Finally , he coasted up the winding driveway .
tr	PRES	He lets a finger drift up my inner thigh , toward the place where I 'm still wet from our recent activities .
tr	PAST	His patience fled , anger replacing it .
tr	PRES	He stops dead in the doorway and turns .
tr	PRES	The silver flare dulled a little .
tr	PRES	She parties all the time .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	Metal flashes before my eye .
tr	PAST	Sister washed me and dressed me , and then we ate .
tr	PRES	" Like a kick to the balls , " I threaten , but my insides churn .
tr	PAST	Cooper elbowed Danny , " Slide down a seat so Katherine can sit next to me . "
tr	PRES	She combed her shaking hands through her hair , the strands suddenly unbearably sensual caressing her neck .
tr	PRES	A complete idiot . "
tr	PRES	I wiggle my fingers at the unconscious Nicholas and stroll out the door .
tr	PRES	" And , your mama 's going to tell you , not to ever wear that bikini around me , doll ? "
tr	PAST	All my hopes shattered in a second ; yet , I am not disappointed .
tr	PAST	The lead horses crow hopped through the shallows to the other side .
tr	PRES	" Calm yourself , lass . "
tr	PAST	" This wise old spirit , your great , great , grandmother , Madelyn , volunteered for the job . "
tr	PAST	" Hi , " Patrick grunted , slinging his pack against a tree .
tr	PAST	He squinted his eyes at her .
tr	PAST	Thankfully , Taya dismissed the maids and Juliet closed the door .
tr	PAST	At the mention of the high king , Talon blanched .
tr	PRES	Just as she 's about to let it rip , Bob clears his throat .
tr	PAST	" Found it at the bus station in Jonesboro , " Stick announced as the small crowd gathered around him .
tr	PRES	Reason unknown , or not given .
tr	PRES	" We sew a lot of our stage costumes . "
tr	PRES	In the same instant lights around the room exploded into showers of sparks , computer consoles leapt into flame and the cavern was plunged into darkness .
tr	PRES	She refuses to share her heart with anyone else .
tr	PRES	" Well then , Melinda .
tr	PRES	Andrew states and I know he is trying to give Jeff an opportunity to vent regarding this subject before anyone else comes out .
tr	PAST	I quit the job after I met you . "
tr	PRES	My dad throws the paper to the floor .
tr	PAST	Percival gritted his teeth against the consequences of what he was about to do .
tr	PRES	Gabe tries too hard to be funny .
tr	PRES	Then when he bared his heart to her , she probably crushed it .
tr	PAST	He inquired without greeting .
tr	PAST	Yes , may all the nations praise you , ' " the rabbi prayed .
tr	PAST	Again his fingers itched to seize hers .
tr	PAST	Cynthia fidgeted with her hair , and then took her place beside me , poised and proper .
tr	PRES	' For film . '
tr	PAST	His other hand glided down her back , leaving a stream of sparks that caused her body to pulse with desire .
tr	PAST	His other hand lands hard on ass , stinging .
tr	PRES	Where he belongs . "
tr	PRES	" Here , feed them , but don 't let them knock the bucket over . "
tr	PAST	Thomas gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to talk about it , " I mumbled and lay back on the bed next to him .
tr	PRES	In death , as in life , opposites attract .
tr	PAST	No one volunteered to do it .
tr	PAST	A frigid blast stole the Swedish translation out of his mouth .
tr	PAST	Soon , all dimmed to black , and I found myself waking up in my dorm room bed .
tr	PRES	' Yeah , like they exist , right ? '
tr	PAST	" That was awesome , " she exclaimed .
tr	PAST	After a quick shower and dressing , I emerged to the living area to see what Nate had to report .
tr	PAST	Though the answer was blunt , Cassie sensed the regret , sorrow , and pain behind the word .
tr	PAST	His knuckles split against the hard plastic , but he didn 't care .
tr	PAST	" Practicality dictated someone take over the trust . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled and went over to the fridge and pulled out a carton of orange juice , then followed it with cups from the cabinet .
tr	PAST	" Now -- " I stiffened as the air rippled and several vampires appeared from nowhere .
tr	PRES	" Keeping an open mind , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" Although I was under the impression you didn 't have a heart , " she mumbled before tossing a grape at me .
tr	PAST	Trial attorneys engaged in a similar process to negotiate confidentiality agreements , stipulations , and settlement agreements .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered down my skin before turning back to the road .
tr	PAST	Finally , her breathing slowed to normal .
tr	PRES	" What flaw ? "
tr	PAST	His constant grin never faltered .
tr	PAST	" Since when has kil ing vampires resulted in new werewolves ? "
tr	PAST	It never bothered me much , because Lil didn 't have much of a family , but lately it hurts . "
tr	PAST	The Palladium prevented the interference of the gods .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves a party .
tr	PRES	She tries using magic to move him , but he flicks aside her bolt of energy and holds his position .
tr	PAST	She clutched at his hand , felt his fingers give a weak squeeze .
tr	PRES	I wipe my eyes with my arm .
tr	PRES	This really pisses him off , but he 's a pro .
tr	PRES	He likes pretending he 's some old farmer , or something .
tr	PRES	From the corner of my eye I witnessed the golden room collapse and the gold tarnish and rust .
tr	PAST	When we returned from Stephan 's wedding , we received the call that Mother had had a heart attack and I decided to wait . "
tr	PAST	She flicked them from her face in frustration .
tr	PAST	His voice vibrated with forcefulness .
tr	PAST	He grunted as he pulled his mouth from hers .
tr	PAST	He slowly unbuttoned his own , his eyes rounding the curves of my breast .
tr	PRES	She pins me to the floor with her knees and tries to punch my face , but I cross my arms in front of me .
tr	PRES	He holds up the papers .
tr	PRES	She chuckles before cramming something up one of my nostrils .
tr	PAST	" He abused him or ... ? "
tr	PRES	I march forward , pumping my arms .
tr	PRES	One of the medics holds out a hand .
tr	PRES	She never relaxes because of it . "
tr	PRES	She reaches into her messenger bag , pulls out a Polaroid camera , points it at me and snaps a shot .
tr	PRES	Red touches her cheeks .
tr	PRES	The mechanic 's voice carries back to me .
tr	PAST	She exhaled loudly when the doors closed just as Alexander appeared in the reception area .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded in the back of his skull .
tr	PRES	" Ring , rink ... they found her there early this morning , in the parking lot .
tr	PRES	" Must 've been hanging close by , " Hailey winks at Serena .
tr	PAST	I plopped at the edge of my grandparent 's bed and examined the fibers of the shag carpet beneath my feet .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue .
tr	PRES	Bobby giggles at that .
tr	PRES	" Says the guy who turns into a bat .
tr	PRES	" He uses them .
tr	PRES	Ethan glances over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Tell me about it , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	It stands out awkwardly against the rest of the space .
tr	PRES	He frowns at his hands .
tr	PRES	That remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	I shuffled past him carefully , went into the living room , and picked up the remote , turning the song down .
tr	PRES	He glances at one of the readouts on his control console and nods to himself .
tr	PAST	I trusted them and they never failed me .
tr	PRES	Even in granite , Mia 's smile shone brightly .
tr	PRES	" No one ever mentions they are having problems until it is too late ? "
tr	PRES	Jesse disappears behind the driver 's - side door .
tr	PAST	If you had business , you identified yourself , allowed yourself to be searched , and submitted to a medical examination and a routine disinfection .
tr	PAST	A couple of times Samantha emailed me and suggested we chat on Skype but I put her off .
tr	PRES	The sweet scent of jasmine and the ocean washes over me .
tr	PAST	Then , with great dignity , she exited the room .
tr	PRES	This signals the second phase of your mission .
tr	PRES	After them came the Night Children with bared fangs , and warlocks wielding flame and iron .
tr	PAST	My lips flapped ; no sound emerged .
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Can you , Lord Brand ? ' '
tr	PRES	' Are you wearing make-up , Archie ? '
tr	PRES	" Dumb chick drama . "
tr	PRES	When I finally do , my limbs tremble , and a dull ache at the base of my skull persists .
tr	PRES	No one at the university wears a tie on Saturday . "
tr	PAST	In Meadowlands buses rumbled on all day and all night .
tr	PRES	" It 'll be okay , Rach .
tr	PAST	Forced exorcisms generated a lot of paperwork .
tr	PAST	Natasha motioned her in then checked on Liam , who was still asleep .
tr	PAST	The window glowed like a neon sign .
tr	PRES	" This your new boyfriend , Michelle ? "
tr	PRES	He reaches down his right leg and finds a large piece of glass embedded in his thigh .
tr	PRES	Patrick likes clean carpets . "
tr	PRES	And certain gentle friction fabrics , which -- as it turns out -- have multiple uses and can be quite stimulating .
tr	PAST	My eyes bore into his .
tr	PRES	" Masters , " I bow .
tr	PAST	Curtains flapped so hard against the windows I expected the rods to tear clean off the walls .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled at his words .
tr	PRES	Some excuse about helping his mom unpack dishes .
tr	PRES	Then text the other if we find her . "
tr	PAST	A bruise the color of a strawberry circled my throat .
tr	PRES	" We can help you with the dishes , " Francesca offers .
tr	PAST	Instead , he fiddled with the lid to his water bottle .
tr	PAST	No , not lied to me .
tr	PRES	" Did your mother involve you in her ... work ? "
tr	PAST	The veins in his neck bulge and his temples flair in effort to keep his composure in front of me .
tr	PAST	Cookies and fragments of pottery exploded across the room .
tr	PRES	Crewe slides open the door and is next to jump out .
tr	PAST	his eyes flicked to my loose hair .
tr	PAST	Her sister 's face practically glowed .
tr	PRES	June , as if reading my thoughts , begins poking the logs and embers with a long stick , breaking them apart .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on my mouth and heat flooded beneath my marred skin .
tr	PAST	Yes , he seriously doubted the wisdom of carrying through her punishment .
tr	PRES	* * * Love and Stuart were in the car and on their way to visit Mr Sullivan .
tr	PAST	" Even with a bullet in his back and another bullet driving through his side , he protected Cassidy .
tr	PRES	" Well , Maxie , Maxie Duncan .
tr	PAST	appealed to their humane instincts . "
tr	PAST	He pretended to drop me , catching me at the last second .
tr	PRES	Comes Loki 's voice .
tr	PRES	" Professor Pratt ! "
tr	PRES	" What a shame .
tr	PRES	he finally whispers against my forehead , after minutes or hours have passed .
tr	PRES	Seconds later , it opens .
tr	PAST	The dog wagged its tail and sat down .
tr	PRES	What better way to spend the afternoon then tearing my heart apart . "
tr	PAST	Ever the showman , he thanked the audience for tuning in , and they cut the transmission .
tr	PAST	Jennifer 's thoughts suddenly froze as she felt the answer begin to click into place .
tr	PAST	I don 't remember , " Devon lied .
tr	PRES	Four or five blocks up Front at Union .
tr	PAST	" Seriously , would you like me to go and help Eva with Alex and Max so that you can catch some sleep ?
tr	PRES	" Calm yourself , lass .
tr	PAST	Growling , he restrained himself , fighting his desire and his hardening cock , before kissing her roughly , claiming her mouth as his .
tr	PAST	Within minutes the officers cuffed the combatants and whisked them away , leaving a store full of wide-eyed shoppers in their wake .
tr	PAST	I exhaled deeply and shook my head , giving up .
tr	PAST	" Is Hank here ? "
tr	PAST	Train tracks webbed out from the complex , creating silvery moonlit traces .
tr	PAST	she all but shrieked .
tr	PAST	At first , I just zoned out on the hazy glow that made the bear look like he was breathing until my own breath sped up .
tr	PRES	" Dave Wade ? "
tr	PRES	" Food always tastes better when you 're starved . "
tr	PRES	When his laughter dies down , Ashton lets out a heavy sigh .
tr	PRES	" My bravery , " he snorts , hanging his head .
tr	PAST	He cuffed the little man , who howled and ran back to the wall .
tr	PAST	She wriggled her fingers to make it flash under Isabella 's catty eyes .
tr	PRES	The cold from the glass seeps through my shirt , and I shiver .
tr	PAST	" I never received it .
tr	PRES	One senses the words one utters , and not even always so much .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her .
tr	PAST	The man moved through the darkness toward her , his head cocked to one side .
tr	PAST	Pain and doubt fled .
tr	PRES	* * * Backstage Johnny indeed found Little Spirit ready to soundcheck .
tr	PAST	Then her whisper floated in the silence , impeded , unsteady .
tr	PAST	Madame Fleur screwed up her nose as she glared at Betsy .
tr	PAST	The document outlined prior doctor visits and dates that had been supplied by Pam .
tr	PRES	For we all endure when we 're in love . "
tr	PAST	Paris shot to his feet , as well , hands fisted , body glistening .
tr	PRES	" But if anyone sees us ... you especially ... " Janet was concerned .
tr	PRES	Jus ' shine a light on it -- I seen it !
tr	PRES	He slides his hands through mine and kisses me lightly on the back of the head .
tr	PRES	" Will you teach me ?
tr	PRES	Inside the cloth shimmered small obsidian hooks .
tr	PAST	He pondered about it as he got nearer .
tr	PRES	" Which brings up another issue .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PRES	" Says the man who seduced his assistant to keep her from quitting .
tr	PAST	He shrieked with delight when one of them licked his fingers and Elizabeth immediately laughed .
tr	PRES	" Please tel me there 's not any here right now . "
tr	PAST	The ice wall closest to us shattered , and Dad and I jumped back .
tr	PAST	The magistrate shuffled his papers obviously touched by such family loyalty .
tr	PRES	The sound of my name being called brings me back to reality and I glance up to the front of the room .
tr	PAST	As she turned , her eyes sought mine , a look of horror in them .
tr	PRES	She lets out her breath and lies against the cot , staring up at the low wooden ceiling .
tr	PAST	He rushed at me , arms outstretched , aiming for my neck .
tr	PAST	Andrea 's words faltered .
tr	PAST	Melanie gritted her teeth and gripped Sloane 's hand as the pain ripped through her body .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hand , palm toward me , and I mirror with my own .
tr	PAST	My blind ambition created this nightmare .
tr	PAST	From KROQ the band then visited Aron 's Records on Melrose Avenue where they signed records and had photos taken .
tr	PRES	Instead , he contented himself with touching her , stroking his fingers over her face as he prayed for her to awaken .
tr	PRES	Behind all the exaggerations there remains the undoubted truth that a quite astonishing number of citizens did .
tr	PAST	Joshua countered and hung up .
tr	PRES	The impressive array of cooking utensils in the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Ashe stuffed hands in the pockets of his jeans as he offered Winkler an exasperated look before ducking his head .
tr	PRES	She flips a textbook page .
tr	PAST	Jonas tugged Verity toward the door , using more force than was necessary .
tr	PAST	" This way , " he announced , changing their direction east along his newfound scent .
tr	PAST	She toyed briefly with the idea of getting up and walking out .
tr	PRES	He exhales against the top of my head .
tr	PRES	" What great friends and fellow pirates . "
tr	PAST	Climb , " he grunted back .
tr	PAST	I slapped her again , harder , leaving palm prints on her cheeks .
tr	PRES	Lea hisses as I wrap my fingers around the handle of the cart .
tr	PAST	That cheered me up for a while .
tr	PRES	" So you punished her by maiming her son ? "
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	The door opens , but it 's not Jase .
tr	PAST	As in the song , the stars twinkled brightly ; there was no moon tonight .
tr	PRES	He promptly joins them and asks .
tr	PRES	He glances down at me and his eyes are like melted chocolate .
tr	PAST	In actuality , fixing those prices provided them with a golden opportunity to line their own pockets .
tr	PRES	I interact with the people and they know me .
tr	PRES	Dive , dive , dive , he thinks , as he finally recognizes the danger .
tr	PRES	My chest opens up and oxygen flows through my lungs again .
tr	PRES	I stared for ages , feeling tears prick the back of my eyes .
tr	PAST	Temp coasted by with Hazard clinging to his shell .
tr	PAST	She inched back , seeking her phone .
tr	PRES	And lets the flowing waters slowly close over her .
tr	PRES	He was in socks and boxers , his tattooed chest intimidating as he kicked the lid off the box .
tr	PAST	Gray massaged an ache behind his temples .
tr	PRES	And he swears he was alone in the room . "
tr	PRES	' An extremely heavy beetle ? '
tr	PRES	He stands up and lifts her hand until she stands up , too .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , I didn 't meant to interrupt your , um , quiet muttering . "
tr	PRES	He opens the opposite door and pulls me the rest of the way across the back seat .
tr	PRES	Leave when there 's nothing to take , " she mumbled bitterly .
tr	PRES	Average everyday woman falls head over heels in love with rich powerful CEO .
tr	PAST	I screwed up on purpose and took the lower grade , so as to avoid the possibility of reading in front of the school .
tr	PRES	Lance , his mouth agape , releases an ear piercing and chilling scream of excruciating pain while flinging the pieces of his skull away .
tr	PRES	It lacks the exhilaration , and the glory . "
tr	PAST	he rasped , gathering Air angrily .
tr	PAST	The finger sprouted right between his thumb and index finger , growing to be just as long as his pinky -- but then kept on growing .
tr	PAST	" Peirce , with the ' e ' and ' i ' reversed . "
tr	PRES	It throws them like candy to a crowd -- and some in that crowd rejoice , while others cry out in terror and regret .
tr	PAST	Everything wrecked and no answers . "
tr	PRES	" Poor Leo . "
tr	PRES	" Er , Jake , I 'll see you later ... , " I mumbled as we eased around them .
tr	PRES	' Good god ! '
tr	PAST	He slowed and stopped near a feed trough .
tr	PRES	Six opens the bathroom door and walks back to her bed .
tr	PAST	Because it was him or us now , and I 'd pick us every single time , no matter what it cost me in the end .
tr	PRES	He loves his purse already . "
tr	PAST	" Queen , " I said , spitting the word out bitterly .
tr	PAST	Two of them seized Gabriel roughly by the arms .
tr	PRES	I hesitate at the entrance though , and worry about what to expect .
tr	PAST	Sheila was already feeling the effects of the two she had downed and told Charles she was fine .
tr	PAST	Reaching his feet , he replaced the dagger in the sheath on his back before walking over to the corpse .
tr	PRES	He breaks into your locker , steals it .
tr	PAST	Her attention strayed to other silhouettes in the distance , their forms revealed by the moon behind them .
tr	PAST	Then Spencer unfolded the letter Kelsey had given her and laid it flat on the table .
tr	PAST	I eyed Kennan quizzically .
tr	PRES	She leapt toward the door , her powerful muscles rippling , and knocked it down flat with fury .
tr	PAST	She inwardly cringed at the memory of having to beg him for a loan .
tr	PRES	" Oh , how delightful . "
tr	PAST	Here we are , Grandma announced , activating the left blinker and turning into the parking lot of King of the Road Auto Repair .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , Bree .
tr	PAST	He triggered he sprayer twice , clearing the line of the lighter paint .
tr	PRES	" It helps when faerie itself crowns you , and major relics keep popping up . "
tr	PAST	Mathew emerged from his room , in a black suit .
tr	PRES	" I think my husband wants me , " I murmur as I stroke him again .
tr	PAST	Artemis unfolded herself from the chaise and approached him .
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves respite . '
tr	PAST	" You just might be my new best friend , " Julie joked .
tr	PAST	Mitch squealed happily and a soft sense of happiness filled my heart .
tr	PRES	" Despite the curious looks and impertinent comments ?
tr	PRES	She loves you so much already .
tr	PRES	Something similar applies to the trolls .
tr	PAST	She padded to the window and opened it , gazing out at the calm evening .
tr	PAST	Finally the rhythm of his breathing slowed , and he muttered , " I 'm tired . "
tr	PAST	He deliberately baited her .
tr	PAST	" Clementine , " I grunted and held her hips , but she was lost in her own world as she moved back and forth on me .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , anger building .
tr	PAST	Emily plopped back into her chair in the office .
tr	PRES	The Angel Raziel holds , of course , a special role as the patron of the Shadowhunters and the creator of the Nephilim .
tr	PRES	' Not mistrust then ? '
tr	PAST	The plane circled around the entire debris field .
tr	PAST	As we met the king he was surrounded by guards , his most trusted I suppose .
tr	PAST	They feared that eventually , the galaxy might even cease to exist , or become a place so entirely different it would be unable to support life .
tr	PAST	The flavor caressed his pallet allowing him to savor all that he possessed .
tr	PAST	" In times past , a woman who spoke to animals - to demons - risked the stake . "
tr	PRES	Staring straight out at the dark yard , he lets out a long breath .
tr	PAST	I floated there , suspended as Alastor swirled around me .
tr	PAST	Edward 's face split in a wide grin .
tr	PAST	He ruled , and those who crossed his waters had to pay him tribute .
tr	PRES	" Can you flag me a taxi ? "
tr	PAST	They received a lot of praise and no contracts .
tr	PRES	His mouth curves to a smile as he chuckles .
tr	PAST	They also stripped me of my ability to transport myself to other locations with only a thought . "
tr	PRES	" Good god man !
tr	PRES	So let 's get started , 'cause I swear I 'm not staying the night out here . "
tr	PRES	When she returned he put on plastic gloves and picked up cigarette butts and dropped them into separate plastic bags .
tr	PRES	" Suzy , it kills me that I 've caused two such good people so much pain .
tr	PRES	Sydney opens the door to the ground floor , and light floods in on us .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head slightly to one side .
tr	PRES	As he rubs the wand over my abdomen , he stares at the screen .
tr	PAST	A mischievous smile tickled her lips .
tr	PRES	Charlie brings out a hot casserole dish from the kitchen and sets it on a trivet in the center .
tr	PAST	Dr. Warner strengthened his resolve and made his incision , cutting through the various layers of tissue as blood flowed freely from the opening .
tr	PRES	" Whatever , you douche .
tr	PRES	She lets me hold her hand .
tr	PAST	An eerie , silent space that had once bustled with human activity engulfed him like a cemetery .
tr	PAST	You quit that team , because you couldn 't get along with your teammates .
tr	PAST	Your shield protected us until you touched my bare skin .
tr	PRES	" Come with me , " Maia begged .
tr	PRES	She remembers the hunters she met .
tr	PRES	Like swords , muskets and older pistols .
tr	PRES	" Bryn , " Cale whispered , spinning me to face him .
tr	PAST	Less transparent somehow , and brighter .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her thighs with his nose and mouth , then released her long enough to pull a condom from his pocket .
tr	PAST	A chill washed over me .
tr	PRES	" A hundred grand .
tr	PAST	Darryl awoke with a start .
tr	PRES	Jetta slams the door .
tr	PAST	She was flabbergasted , gob smacked .
tr	PAST	He sniffed her neck .
tr	PRES	" If you like , Miss Newberry , but I can tell you the child is no longer there . "
tr	PRES	I begged and pleaded , but I didn 't want to make a scene .
tr	PRES	Anyone tries something like this again and all hell will break lose . "
tr	PRES	" The supplies you promised . "
tr	PRES	I assume you can handle code . "
tr	PRES	She lies on her stomach .
tr	PRES	The miracle amongst the tragedy .
tr	PRES	Forty yards to go .
tr	PAST	It scampered away to cower under a game table in the far corner of the room .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , real fun , " she returns and pulls out a chair next to her .
tr	PAST	I am not a criminal , " she stated again .
tr	PAST	Katherine dismissed that he might be gay on account of his obvious masculinity ; something that went beyond his alpha status .
tr	PRES	Another huge paradox lies in the vast ocean of space that so often exists between what we think we ought to do and what we actually do .
tr	PRES	I ´ ll probably even have another family .
tr	PRES	Her frantic expression softens into one of understanding .
tr	PRES	They range from doctors , to lawyers , to military men .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PRES	' He suffers so greatly , my lord .
tr	PAST	" And you , unmoving . "
tr	PRES	" Did you engage him ? "
tr	PAST	She bounced like a ball when I said you weren 't here . "
tr	PRES	" One more to add to your collection , eh ?
tr	PRES	She tries to recall what happened the last few times a wolf came to her .
tr	PRES	" You have bodyguards . "
tr	PRES	" Two sodas , five candy bars , two packs of crackers .
tr	PAST	She trusted him when she was completely wiped out .
tr	PAST	And he feared another unexpected slap from her .
tr	PRES	" They prey on those who love . "
tr	PRES	" Still about a half kilometer and it remains stationary . "
tr	PAST	The gryphon screeched his agreement , and I wondered what I 'd said that was so wrong .
tr	PRES	" No , his spiders . "
tr	PRES	" But oh NO , " I shout , getting louder .
tr	PAST	She eyed it like she would a big , hairy , jumping spider .
tr	PRES	Our highest probability for a success lies in a surgical extraction , to drop in a small search-and-rescue team under the radar . "
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to say something , but stops , clamping his teeth shut with a click .
tr	PAST	The Hunters , however , then proceeded to decapitate him .
tr	PAST	" Checkout the bathroom , " he urged .
tr	PAST	He zipped the bag up again , ignoring her as he straightened and turned for the door .
tr	PAST	" Fought Rufus , didn 't ya ? "
tr	PAST	" Please let me help you , sir , " the guard persisted , taking Joe B. by the elbow .
tr	PRES	Michael relaxes and smiles .
tr	PRES	A minute later : Your locker misses u. Guess u sick with the herp ?
tr	PAST	the fat man squealed .
tr	PAST	Forte cocked his head and looked contemplative .
tr	PAST	She tensed and her gaze shifted to the stage again .
tr	PAST	In response , he banked his amusement .
tr	PRES	I add , seeing Shay shake his head in disgust .
tr	PAST	Blue wagged his tail at the sound of his name .
tr	PAST	The little device at her wrist vibrated and told her exactly what was next .
tr	PRES	" Cause she likes you and believes that you 're a good guy . "
tr	PRES	A bicycle lies rusting in the back yard .
tr	PAST	We have a problem , " Detective Mercer stated it flatly .
tr	PAST	At his dark , intent look , she cringed slightly , intimidated despite herself .
tr	PRES	Finn frowns as he looks at the collection of people and animals .
tr	PRES	Mr. Goodwin gently taps Jack 's cheek .
tr	PAST	Well , he dumped me . "
tr	PRES	' Anyhow , you wait here , Patti , and I will go negotiate with the mechanic .
tr	PAST	Dominic inhaled sharply and noted the jaguar relied on her hearing and sight .
tr	PRES	" The things we hunt never arc . "
tr	PAST	She teased me every minute she could .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	George bangs his own spoon on the table .
tr	PRES	... But what brings you down so early ? "
tr	PRES	She reaches down to touch her belly .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and her eyes were alight when she asked , " You stumble home drunk singing Christmas songs ? "
tr	PRES	Finders keepers , isn 't it what they say ?
tr	PRES	Mason snorts , only maddening me even more .
tr	PRES	Positive energy brings positive results .
tr	PAST	He charged down the narrow gap between the vast bookshelves of the Great Library .
tr	PAST	Mist or shadows blotted out everything like a great blanket all round us .
tr	PAST	Kendra flung the flashlight and struck the Minotaur in the back .
tr	PAST	The group mirrored most of the crowds that gathered along river walk at night .
tr	PAST	His finger caressed her lip .
tr	PAST	Her hands collected the reins and her legs tucked around him as if she 'd never stopped riding .
tr	PRES	He falls to the ground and vomits .
tr	PAST	a sudden tremor rumbled the house , startling me .
tr	PRES	The empress favors you and your family , but that favor will extend only so far .
tr	PRES	Every moment I linger on world , I increase the risk to myself and my crew .
tr	PRES	The carriage rolled forward , the horses ' iron shoes ringing on the cobblestones .
tr	PRES	Not every werewolf likes shifters . "
tr	PAST	Saber fled without a backward glance , racing for the sanctuary of her room .
tr	PRES	" And you can stay that way in that department , " I mutter , grabbing my coffee .
tr	PAST	The warmth and size of it engulfed my hand , and I would be a liar if I said it wasn 't comforting .
tr	PAST	Hawk pondered aloud as he stroked an invisible beard .
tr	PAST	It disintegrated into gray dust .
tr	PRES	My head falls back .
tr	PRES	Now all is lost , " she concludes with another coughing fit .
tr	PAST	No sound emerged ; her body refused to obey her .
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PRES	She reaches across the table , and lays her hand over mine .
tr	PRES	No one lies at my house .
tr	PAST	" I too shall be staying , " Seba announced .
tr	PRES	It helps us channel and amplify that energy to where it is needed most .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes the baby likes to stretch out .
tr	PAST	Jack inched toward me protectively .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't yell at him , " Caitlin begged .
tr	PAST	The jury convicted him in less than an hour for murdering the security guard .
tr	PAST	Gravel spattered against the old truck 's fender wells as it eased into the clinic 's parking lot .
tr	PRES	He filters all the incoming data and blocks anything which might interfere , upset , or contradict the delusional content .
tr	PRES	Lord Loss frowns thoughtfully , but it 's a deceptive frown - he knows exactly what he 's going to ask for .
tr	PAST	He neared the city walls , noting with an element of suspicion that they were unguarded .
tr	PRES	It shone against a twilight sky painted in hues of deep indigo blue .
tr	PAST	Navarre inhaled deeply and leaned back into his chair .
tr	PAST	He charged up the front walk to his house carrying her , stars dancing overhead as she jostled .
tr	PRES	Mariam winks at Serena .
tr	PAST	The Lights briefly flicked on and off .
tr	PAST	Emergency landing sequence initiated , " the auto-pilot announced .
tr	PAST	" You don 't seem that surprised , " Jeff accused .
tr	PAST	He inches his mouth away , breathing fitfully , his eyes assessing mine .
tr	PRES	He glares at me as he approaches .
tr	PRES	" We shaved my head this morning , " Eric explains as he skips over to me .
tr	PAST	Anyway , my whole heart leaped to shut the door against something monstrously amiss - not to be endured .
tr	PAST	" Do relax , you 'll pop a vein , " he advised his sibling , who he finally decided to visually acknowledge .
tr	PRES	The cold changes you to a wolf and the heat stops it . "
tr	PRES	Just run to him Andrea !
tr	PRES	She cooks for me !
tr	PRES	And if so , might I safely assume I passed ? "
tr	PAST	Kate eyed Kev with revulsion .
tr	PAST	Nolen 's glare wavered , and he gave a sharp nod .
tr	PRES	He mumbled and his voice sounded hoarse .
tr	PAST	Uh ... Keep advised . "
tr	PAST	I doubted Ralph would have believed me if I told him what the device really did .
tr	PAST	Nicole clasped her cold hands in front of herself .
tr	PRES	My brother stands in the archway down the hallway , pointing .
tr	PAST	" Both copies , " Sam stated .
tr	PRES	Then the woman loses it .
tr	PRES	Then his expression changes and he looks so vulnerable for the first time .
tr	PAST	His hands were all over her , her hands roamed over him .
tr	PAST	Shock and disbelief froze him for a breath .
tr	PAST	I lay on the hard bed , hands clasped across my stomach , and thought .
tr	PRES	" And discover if you are as soft and wet as you appear ?
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around his waist , pulling myself toward him .
tr	PRES	With all my might , I pump the ground swell into my demon and smell the burning around me .
tr	PAST	Stalls set up in propitious locations provided goods and services .
tr	PRES	Somewhere in the darker parts of me , I crave destruction , as long as it is Erudite being destroyed .
tr	PAST	I had inched over to the staircase and was just about to step down on the first step when another light came on below .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , glancing past his airplane to the field , where Molly stretched tall to hang a banner on the upright poles .
tr	PAST	" You scored perfectly .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	" What about the investigative piece on the Halloween carnival ?
tr	PRES	Our new empire owes all three of you a great debt .
tr	PRES	Five paces up , five paces back -- five paces up , five paces -- " How ? "
tr	PRES	" Look on the bright side , " she evaded .
tr	PAST	He went to the curtain , pulled it aside , and saw the white long-haired cat stretched out , face nuzzled against the warm windowsill .
tr	PRES	" Guess so , " he allows .
tr	PRES	" That explains everything . "
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn and watched that barely visible quirk of Brant 's mouth .
tr	PRES	" And why would you connect to such a thing ?
tr	PAST	The South Carolina governor chimed in , " Hell , those investors did stop buying U.S. Securities .
tr	PAST	Darius hedged a bit here .
tr	PRES	Assuming the contours of my host , I abandon you deformed in dissolution .
tr	PAST	Together they giggled as they began to scour the scrap yard for possible parts .
tr	PRES	" Fine , for a weekend then .
tr	PAST	" Adrian , " she exclaimed , and I knew it wasn 't the first time she 'd said my name .
tr	PAST	Mariah perked up slightly .
tr	PAST	Her glittering face bore an expression of inexpressible sadness .
tr	PRES	Well , that helps for something . "
tr	PAST	When she entered the chamber where she 'd slept alone three nights past , she marveled at the mark her husband had already left on the room .
tr	PRES	Not grinning like an idiot while I hit the mitts Noah holds out for me is more challenging than figuring out any of the punches .
tr	PRES	A real one , showing off those deep dimples .
tr	PAST	Then it all collapsed to the ground , a heap of thrashing flame .
tr	PAST	Dropping to his hands and knees he crawled beneath the shutter .
tr	PAST	" Someone stole The Siren 's Heart . "
tr	PRES	He releases my fingers from his and brings his hand to the top of my head .
tr	PAST	His back is leaned up against one of them and his knee is bent , his foot propped against the locker behind him .
tr	PAST	My pulse sped up .
tr	PRES	Together they lug Olivia into the ER while I trail behind , helpless , left alone to watch the blood drip from her fingertips .
tr	PAST	This Fae had used Misty to lure Graham to the desert , then tricked Misty into feeding Graham spelled water .
tr	PAST	I flung him over my shoulder , grateful for the return of my powers , which included physical strength , and fled the chamber .
tr	PRES	After dinner that night , I snuck out to the woods and tied myself to the rocket , and then tied additional explosives to myself .
tr	PRES	My grandmother subtly elbows me and busts out a fake laugh .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't require much prep , sugar , " he teased .
tr	PAST	You proved to him that not only do you have honour , but that he had better respect it , and respect you . "
tr	PRES	I hiss , lowering my head beneath the windowsill .
tr	PRES	Was it illness ? "
tr	PAST	The wind slapped snow against my face .
tr	PAST	My leg exploded in pain and I stumbled to the ground as the bullet seared through my calf .
tr	PAST	I clutched my palm to my throat , gasping for breath .
tr	PAST	The look on his face , the lingering feeling of his lips on my skin , froze me .
tr	PAST	" Not real y , " he blatantly lied .
tr	PRES	We relax again for a moment , lazily drifting in the water until Susie lets out a wistful sigh .
tr	PAST	Carol attempted to move on with her life , but could not let go of her sense of betrayal .
tr	PRES	I gape at him .
tr	PRES	The water rises to her kneecaps .
tr	PRES	I add , looking up at my dad .
tr	PRES	She touches my shoulder to confirm I heard correctly .
tr	PAST	Play us a song , " Olivia squealed with delight .
tr	PRES	" And so it begins .
tr	PRES	Dallas chuckles , sipping again from her drink .
tr	PRES	The river stretches as far as I can see in both directions .
tr	PAST	Lysander 's body tensed and his eyes narrowed .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone at me with emotion and she patted my knee as if consoling me for the hidden feelings that she knew were trying to escape .
tr	PRES	And that brings us to the favor . "
tr	PAST	She washed her hair , shaved her legs , and even put on a little makeup .
tr	PAST	" Proof that God created hell , not Satan .
tr	PRES	" We aren 't so different , you and me , " she whispers to the tree .
tr	PRES	" By the way , " he said , " in case you 're wondering , those markers picking you ... Entirely arbitrary .
tr	PAST	I prayed for it to live .
tr	PRES	He suspects too much . "
tr	PAST	Sure enough , the door buzzed open , and I went for the elevator .
tr	PAST	Drusilla dove aside and rolled back onto her feet as writhing tentacles snatched at her !
tr	PRES	He likes to craft things .
tr	PRES	" Richard Johnson . "
tr	PAST	His right hand wavered , knocking his opened thermos bottle off the console .
tr	PRES	I hesitate for a split second before nodding .
tr	PRES	Best she witness the depths to which he could sink now .
tr	PAST	While the apparition appeared feminine , her bald head reflected the light above .
tr	PAST	" Not much , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Carter bursts into the room with all her blonde enthusiasm and leopard print luggage in tow .
tr	PRES	' Shattering Glass , what am I saying ? '
tr	PAST	On a rope around his neck hung a piece of bark with a solemn carved face that matched his own .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand to the lawyer .
tr	PRES	" Don 't steal my car , " Gabe mutters .
tr	PRES	Strange item for a liquor company , but he could also see how stipulations like that might be necessary .
tr	PRES	" Riley tends to stay away from us , unless of course we 're in town .
tr	PAST	Lesa giggled , pulling out her textbook .
tr	PRES	None of it really affects us , as long as we have a safe lair and a meal now and then . "
tr	PRES	" Er ... since the lung was perforated , too , I assume the victim actually drowned .
tr	PAST	Grazing animals sought shelter under the large trees , and then waited patiently for the rain to pass .
tr	PAST	She collected the device from the doorframe , shut the door , and guided them down the gloomy hall on silent footsteps .
tr	PAST	" Here , put your hand on that loop and pull , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	We danced all the way out to the parking lot , with no music at all .
tr	PAST	" I have the feeling you 'd like her to move right here to Cedar Cove , " he joked .
tr	PRES	" Going to war , " Ashe mumbled around a mouth filled with food .
tr	PAST	Avalon reclined in his seat and slammed his feet cross-legged onto the gold , inlaid , glass coffee table .
tr	PAST	Rio cooks some good stuff when he 's home in his kitchen . "
tr	PRES	" She says it 's time for her to go , " I relay .
tr	PAST	I skipped the responsibilities and pains of parenthood , and went straight for the enjoyment of being a grandma .
tr	PRES	He also misses nearly everything the music teacher says in response .
tr	PAST	Redgrave crooned to Charity , who nodded obediently .
tr	PRES	Metal shone dully as the flashlight wandered over the remains of the body .
tr	PAST	Once word spread about the impending birth , local News 12 crews dispatched and players and friends headed to the hospital .
tr	PRES	Can you provide us with a more specific location within the Yew Land ? "
tr	PRES	Compassion shone from his eyes , and he kissed the top of her head .
tr	PAST	It flicked to green as I watched , and I tested the handle .
tr	PRES	" It will be okay , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	He urged her forward .
tr	PRES	" As you wish , your highness . "
tr	PRES	" We had some luck , " Geist comments , staring over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Whoever loves Tamsin actually hates her . "
tr	PAST	She froze the computer screen and tapped her fingers nervously on the desktop .
tr	PAST	Their initial prickles about his presence subsided quickly when he explained who Maddie was and that this was the second attempt on her life this week .
tr	PAST	Howell unscrewed the cap and poured a generous measure into each cup .
tr	PRES	" Just the stamps .
tr	PRES	Sitting beside Malcolm in the passenger seat , it occurs to me that we may be driving towards our own ends .
tr	PRES	" Kel , hon , you up here ?
tr	PRES	She reached out , her fingertips brushing the arch , flowing down the center .
tr	PRES	If one string is disturbed , it affects those around it .
tr	PRES	" Even though he forced me , I felt like I was being unfaithful to Gideon , like I was breaking my marriage vows . "
tr	PAST	He exhaled , perplexed by her continued resistance .
tr	PAST	Perhaps Parliament pretended to kill father but instead exiled him to France .
tr	PRES	Can you feed the kids and put them to bed ? "
tr	PAST	I hooked you up with Chet who could give a direct route to the Cleveland market so I 'm done . "
tr	PRES	Before I can change his mind , his mouth presses against mine .
tr	PRES	Knox reaches up with his hand and tilts my chin up to him , gently pressing a kiss on my lips .
tr	PAST	Drew cocked his head as he waited for Stavros 's answer .
tr	PAST	Of all things she prayed that Lord Rafe was a good man who would be kind in all his dealings with Adele .
tr	PAST	He smacked her bottom , just hard enough to get her attention .
tr	PAST	High over the temple , her body pierced a soft thin agitated mist .
tr	PRES	The paper trail begins and ends over there and no one , not even me , can follow it without getting lost .
tr	PRES	" Or rather , anybody important . "
tr	PAST	As they approached , the dark shape readjusted its form , wings shifting and beak lifting to reveal a black pelican .
tr	PAST	Walter 's voice rumbled as he relayed the question , and she heard a softer , indistinct mumble that she recognized as Mr. Harris 's voice .
tr	PAST	I chanced a glance at her and found the same attentive gaze .
tr	PAST	Their claws rasped on the wood floor as they prowled below us .
tr	PAST	They regarded everything with a cold distance , completely devoid of emotion .
tr	PAST	Again , I never lied .
tr	PAST	Chapter 30 Nicole awoke an hour later , unable to sleep any longer .
tr	PRES	Trystan glares at me with his mouth scrunched to the side .
tr	PAST	Language no longer created a barrier thanks to universal translators that mastered the estimated 6,900 languages spoken by humanity .
tr	PRES	Slide by slide we analyze the sheep 's blood .
tr	PRES	Kelsey glances up from her phone , looking at me as if I said I love doing homework .
tr	PRES	He begins to speak .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	His eyes pierced her with pain .
tr	PRES	Too much skirt , too much trim , too much flare .
tr	PAST	He touches my throat with care and delicacy .
tr	PAST	He strapped her down .
tr	PAST	" Ugh , I can 't stand the pretentious people who do that , " he reprimanded himself .
tr	PAST	She trod on air , and all things pleasant seemed possible .
tr	PRES	" Is she al right ? "
tr	PRES	She stands there with crossed arms .
tr	PRES	" What if someone recognizes me ?
tr	PRES	I assume that means your brother is mending nicely ? "
tr	PRES	Maryanne reaches into her huge purse and hands me a water bottle .
tr	PAST	Stretching luxuriously , I yawned and pushed myself up a little , to look at his face .
tr	PRES	Tanner snaps , and kicks over the crate he was sitting on .
tr	PAST	It tugged at me a bit , made me question what I was doing .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to our community ? "
tr	PAST	" He bounced . "
tr	PAST	Agent Ward steered Zoey by the elbow and then stopped when she saw the file in Agent Barnes ' hands .
tr	PAST	A few lewd comments rumbled from around the circle of men , and the American girl looked up sharply , terrified .
tr	PAST	That one has already fetched the plane and is preparing to leave as we speak . "
tr	PRES	" Nerds , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	I snuggle deeper into the folds of my sweatshirt .
tr	PRES	I blurt out and feel the heat explode in my cheeks .
tr	PRES	He uses women for his own gain .
tr	PAST	" Correct , " announced Colin .
tr	PAST	Adan mirrored his smile , saying , " at least we have come to an understanding , something she could not or would not do previously .
tr	PRES	The island also offers some world-class resorts and restaurants .
tr	PAST	Chapter 4 The sounds of mock combat chased me into the halls of the palace .
tr	PRES	" They 're fine , " I reassure Lowell .
tr	PAST	His firm provided security and military services across the globe .
tr	PRES	I nap , in the lightest of sleeps , wondering how all of this could happen so fast , and how it could all be so good ?
tr	PAST	He flung his arms in a desperate pantomime , trying to shoo the imaginary birds .
tr	PRES	' Seems he likes stealing pigs . '
tr	PAST	Almost wrecked his marriage and his career , watching him get away with one crime after another , then having his thugs take the fall .
tr	PAST	The faery still crouched on the railing , perfectly balanced , his elbows resting on his knees and a faint smile on his face .
tr	PAST	The tail vampire stiffened at the command .
tr	PAST	The emotional devastation of the two failures proved she couldn 't endure this process indefinitely .
tr	PRES	When cooking this the temperature should be at this and you should add this and taste that , god , blah , blah , blah .
tr	PRES	Cordelia 's hands tremble , and she hides behind Ervin 's back .
tr	PRES	When it is set up , I snuggle my newest sleeping miracle down to bed .
tr	PRES	He strokes the flesh of his blind eye .
tr	PAST	A patrol car crawled past as she watched .
tr	PAST	But he anticipated the action and doubled his speed , walking out a few seconds behind her .
tr	PAST	His hand snaked around , closing tightly over my mouth as I opened it to scream .
tr	PRES	" That kind of lifestyle tends to focus one 's attention on the here and now , all right .
tr	PRES	" She sees the future . "
tr	PRES	" Glad to be amusing , " I mumbled at him .
tr	PRES	" Occasionally , Frank and Teri invite me over .
tr	PAST	But she didn 't make the news , she just reported it .
tr	PAST	The bit of seaweed he had dropped earlier still glowed green on the ground , mingling its light with the blue luminance of his seaweed bracelet .
tr	PAST	Sunshine replaced the darkness , chasing away the shadows that stubbornly clung , unwilling to relinquish their hold just yet .
tr	PRES	Lucas stands straight and tall and puffs out his chest .
tr	PAST	Ainsley tugged at the buttons of her riding habit , but she couldn 't manage to open one .
tr	PAST	Race just kind of zoned out ; I 've never seen him like that before .
tr	PAST	Daniel palmed her waist , stirring embers barely banked after their kiss earlier .
tr	PRES	She lets out a long breath , staring at the toy planes dangling above us .
tr	PAST	Then he squinted at the messenger .
tr	PRES	" But -- " " Trust me . "
tr	PAST	I doubted he was often on the losing end of a fight .
tr	PAST	However , as she lifted the glass her hand froze and she was unable to move it .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to our neighborhood , Nicolae ? "
tr	PRES	She giggles and then we continue running through the trees .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a deep breath and savored the scent of him , a mix of heat and musk and man .
tr	PAST	" Well , I lied .
tr	PAST	Iris shrieked , helpless to assist in the struggle .
tr	PRES	I religiously wash my hands after the act .
tr	PRES	You assume it was just the sick product of a temporary rage .
tr	PRES	She points to an area on a sketched pair of lungs .
tr	PAST	Mikhail stiffened , then immediately wrapped a possessive arm around her waist .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the meal , Laura .
tr	PRES	She climbs out of bed , runs down the stairs .
tr	PAST	He seized on my silence .
tr	PRES	" Got ' em , " he beamed , and then squinted , " What are you still doing here ?
tr	PRES	And apparently not above humiliating himself .
tr	PAST	Quickly , professionally , she readjusted .
tr	PAST	Still , the loud pounding music heightened her anxiety .
tr	PRES	Patsy points an accusing finger at Alice and says , " Butt ! "
tr	PRES	Chapter 27 ' It was probably your hair . '
tr	PAST	Pleasure glowed between them , an almost palpable force .
tr	PAST	" Touche , " he allowed , one corner of his mouth tipped into a smile .
tr	PAST	He steadied her with a hand on either arm .
tr	PAST	He pinched my backside from beneath the sheets .
tr	PRES	The dungeon stank with old blood , excrement and death .
tr	PAST	" He conveniently avoided facing the cameras . "
tr	PRES	After several seconds , he drew away from the man and screamed , " Blood !
tr	PAST	Courtney Cole 20 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Since ... never , " I admitted .
tr	PRES	" Two eggs lookin ' at me , hash browns , wheat toast and a coffee refill for me . "
tr	PRES	" The dungeon ! "
tr	PRES	He holds his fingers over his mouth and inspects for blood .
tr	PAST	Elkins steadied himself and reopened the bible .
tr	PAST	Jade bounced up on her toes .
tr	PAST	Even now , he itched to run his hands along her waist and out over the cello curve of her hips .
tr	PAST	Your wife claimed to be looking for her granddaughter . "
tr	PRES	Nathan throws his hands up in the air , his dreams crushed , and Daisy laughs under her breath as he leaves back down the hallway .
tr	PRES	She wears a white strappy tank .
tr	PAST	I collapsed to the ground , suddenly overcome by tears .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the yellow crystalline candy , kept that , and handed the sandwich bag to Eric .
tr	PAST	It reassured her that Ship had kept the promise to return her to her own body .
tr	PRES	I was almost convinced he could do it , " mutters Bouncer .
tr	PAST	Just before I reached the cable 's end , something buzzed past my cheek .
tr	PAST	He 's your family , no matter what he did , " she reassured him .
tr	PAST	He shuffled in the dark and moved closer to me .
tr	PAST	I shrank away at the menace in his gaze , but he didn 't release my hand .
tr	PAST	She prayed he 'd get over it .
tr	PAST	He extracted the contents of the envelope .
tr	PRES	" And Abigail ? "
tr	PAST	She transferred schools , changed her number and everything . "
tr	PAST	He acted like a martyr enduring trial by fire rather than a high school senior getting ribbed about his arrest .
tr	PRES	" Tut , tut , mon general .
tr	PAST	The thought sobered him .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Grains of golden pollen dusted the stone tiles below .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her seat belt so she could lean against the door and watch him .
tr	PAST	| | | | | The police had DNA evidence from Alex Kline .
tr	PAST	The dog leaped inside , panting hard .
tr	PRES	" Our miscellaneous hangout area , tactical planning room , and relaxation tank .
tr	PRES	" Even in a changing job market , " she said , " courtesy of a presidential downsizing , opportunities still exist .
tr	PRES	It also helps us to become a responsible citizen .
tr	PRES	Although , it can only ever be a treat sadly .
tr	PRES	" He likes cupcakes . "
tr	PAST	Tentatively , I then attempted to move the air itself in some sort of breeze .
tr	PAST	Steven 's diamond smile tarnished in an instant .
tr	PAST	He tugged at the strand of my hair , nudging me to answer .
tr	PRES	" I have no clue what her goal is , " Cole mutters .
tr	PAST	By the time we quieted down and realized Eileen hadn 't come up again , we sobered up pretty quickly .
tr	PAST	Michael slept beside her , his knuckles touching her hip as she sat there , hands clasped to her mouth , looking down at him .
tr	PRES	Outside the walls , the Freaks feasted and prowled .
tr	PAST	And the boy circled toward him .
tr	PAST	the other girl inquired .
tr	PRES	It healed , however , surprisingly quickly .
tr	PRES	Every time he got up , someone shone another light straight into his eyes and shot more bullets into his body .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me .
tr	PRES	Comes back to life in 1 day .
tr	PRES	But I tire of politics .
tr	PRES	Julian 's face softens and he lifts his hand to tuck a strand of my hair in place .
tr	PAST	I thanked Dennis Pettibone and excused myself to have a last word with Dawson , who 'd been listening in .
tr	PRES	" All I 'm saying is ... relax and go with the flow .
tr	PAST	His lips curved in a knowing smile when he heard my legs immediately snapping shut the moment he withdrew his hand .
tr	PAST	Immediately the aroma of roasted meat assaulted his senses and his stomach growled .
tr	PRES	An officer with two rows of golden badges on his chest , towers over the group .
tr	PAST	The weight of that stolen money in her bag as she hopped a late SEPTA into the city .
tr	PRES	" I don 't have her number , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	She sighs , defeated , and collects the money .
tr	PRES	" Go , " a voice whispers .
tr	PAST	Look at their eyes , " Dec advised quietly .
tr	PAST	The dysfunctional siblings retreated , slinking back into the crowd .
tr	PRES	Never undermine your flight leader . "
tr	PRES	" The downfall of all men , I 'm afraid ... Love .
tr	PAST	He stripped himself while she watched .
tr	PRES	With the attack knife retracted Jon reaches up and grasps the thick neck of the Scavenger .
tr	PRES	" What about Melissa ? "
tr	PRES	" I blessed it .
tr	PRES	" Can you hazard a guess as to when this was written , Herb ? "
tr	PRES	Soft , indistinct classical music plays through an unseen sound system .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh behind my hand and took a step toward her .
tr	PAST	" Tell Meg all about it , " she crooned .
tr	PAST	When the ball was hiked , Zeke faked a hand-off to Frank , instead completing a screen pass to Darius by the sideline .
tr	PRES	Dad snuck up behind me and made me jump .
tr	PRES	Yaris snuck out of the palace all the time , usually to set little fires in the courtyard .
tr	PRES	" Wow , " I exhale .
tr	PRES	" If I may , master ?
tr	PAST	Cassidy 's eyes flicked to Shifter .
tr	PRES	" There is something happening that I don 't understand , " Emma begins as she heads toward the spiral staircase .
tr	PRES	Rann stops at the archway when I smile at him .
tr	PAST	I hopped to the stairs . "
tr	PAST	Ingle regarded him carefully .
tr	PAST	" Heavily drugged and in a secure location . "
tr	PRES	Welcome to Xander 's home , " a female voice announces .
tr	PRES	Just as I 'm about to cross the threshold , he reaches around me and closes the door in front of me .
tr	PAST	At the bottom of it , the page 's edge slightly divided on its right side , forming a tight pocket .
tr	PRES	Berwick chuckles being jealous of Oxbow 's infamous terror and tickles approach .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , the room begins to fill with people , each advancing on me with knives drawn .
tr	PRES	He probably wishes he had a normal owner instead of getting stuck with me . "
tr	PRES	" Let 's not get carried away , " teased Rose .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth Major , will you marry me ? "
tr	PAST	At once he sought to cloak his presence from the hunters and the mortals occupying the area .
tr	PRES	Abandoning his thirst for power , Ganondorf returns to his cunning roots , anchoring Link 's arm with a magic chain from behind .
tr	PAST	" Nonsense , " scoffed Tony .
tr	PAST	" But despite that , she created something children actually want to play with .
tr	PRES	A gift from an earlier generation , I assume .
tr	PAST	" Ladies and gentlemen , during the next few weeks you 're going to hear some terrible stories , some so horrific they 'll turn your stomach .
tr	PAST	" Haven 't you ever dreamed of something bigger ? "
tr	PRES	Elvis 's deep voice drifts from the apartment below .
tr	PRES	" You can help them , " she announces .
tr	PRES	" That they can , Willa . "
tr	PAST	Where he had doubted the need for a SPA agent before he suddenly began to understand the need for them .
tr	PRES	" All by ourselves ? "
tr	PAST	Joy and fierce pride assaulted him in a distracting surge , but Tavi let the emotions wash by him and focused upon his task .
tr	PAST	The other plunged his sword into her father .
tr	PRES	Well , " she hedged , " the lower balcony . "
tr	PAST	She sensed danger in this place .
tr	PAST	She zipped the bag shut , hefted it on the shoulder that wasn 't aching and complaining , and turned toward him without answering .
tr	PAST	Making a split second decision , he crouched down and lifted her , securing one arm behind her knees , the other around her waist .
tr	PRES	- If I know it well , you also ticked off pretty much when you were seeing like your ex-boyfriend 's ex-girlfriend began pushing to him .
tr	PAST	He looked at Gabrielle , tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	Her stupid , silly , wonderful , amazing , and apparently waterproof princess scepter !
tr	PRES	He blames me for that .
tr	PRES	It allows midnight parties for some of Atlanta 's finest yuppie population .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply as John cupped my right breast and squeezed hard , making me yelp in pain .
tr	PRES	His hand presses firmer on the small of my back .
tr	PAST	Elliott 's excited yell spurred Micah into motion .
tr	PAST	Something you would have thanked me for if she 'd gone missing . "
tr	PAST	They emerged at the same time , returning to their own bodies , smiling at one another like old friends .
tr	PAST	the big man rumbled .
tr	PRES	Its saturated stink of fungus and parasites swallowed the bullets .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and picks up my hand .
tr	PRES	" Ashe hears everything . "
tr	PRES	He flashes me a cheeky grin .
tr	PAST	I shrank in my chair .
tr	PRES	She opens the door , then pulls her cell phone from her pocket and hits a couple buttons .
tr	PRES	Because you don 't belong here .
tr	PRES	Nothing strikes my interest .
tr	PRES	" No magical objects ? "
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	" The hooked one 's attack and your rescue of Darren was staged . "
tr	PAST	As he started the water running , his hands roamed over her skin , his mouth playing at the curve where her neck met her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Of course , relax .
tr	PRES	Storm 's irises twinkle .
tr	PAST	It zipped past Zack 's ear .
tr	PAST	I dumped the green beans on the steamer tray , and held out my hand .
tr	PRES	I text Gavin and offer to buy them pizza if he 'll bring it over when he gets off work .
tr	PRES	" I. ... I don 't know , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" It bothers my feet . "
tr	PRES	" But we got here okay , " the other pilot explains .
tr	PAST	The fear in her eyes matched his own .
tr	PAST	Then she carefully unfolded my fingers from hers and pulled her knees away from my knees , and stood up .
tr	PRES	' Could be , master .
tr	PAST	" Shut up , Hank !
tr	PAST	The humor fled his face .
tr	PRES	The women comforted her the way they comforted us when we were sad .
tr	PAST	He appealed to the researcher in me - seek first to understand .
tr	PAST	The world merged into sounds and shapes .
tr	PAST	Men created hierarchy to put order in society and became hungry for power .
tr	PAST	He roamed his bedroom , restless .
tr	PRES	A stainless case surfaces , its cover glides sideways .
tr	PRES	" True , your sweat carries much fear , but still you have managed to address us . "
tr	PRES	The ragged sound of my breath fills the car as I choose my words .
tr	PRES	But aren 't I proof that circumstances and people aren 't always what they seem ? "
tr	PAST	When he returned to the Underworld , a parcel awaited him on his desk .
tr	PAST	The boy brightened at this small offer of help , took what the man could spare him , and then dashed towards the stable .
tr	PAST	Her mouth hinged open like a guppy .
tr	PAST	I stifled a giggle at her jealousy .
tr	PRES	Someone touches my arm , pushes me gently .
tr	PRES	He tickles my ribs gently .
tr	PRES	" But also likes powerful tools .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to indicate the flying horse .
tr	PRES	Clary asked , her voice sounding small to her ears .
tr	PAST	With each iteration of the word ' us ' she slapped her hand on the podium , bringing a commensurate murmur from those before him .
tr	PAST	He reported it to the state police , though . "
tr	PAST	A sick feeling coiled in the pit of my stomach .
tr	PRES	This article quotes someone else , not me . "
tr	PRES	" Give me a hand , " he ordered , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" Some brain areas are still in good condition , " murmurs Eve .
tr	PAST	Chapter 12 Thursday morning , I visited Gwendolyn Peters .
tr	PRES	She glances over my shoulder at Sarah , then catches my exasperated look , and cracks a devilish smirk .
tr	PAST	A medical team accompanied them and they moved straight to Ironside .
tr	PRES	stated Beppe whilst looking outside the window .
tr	PAST	" I crawled away from the field like an animal , which is what I felt I was .
tr	PAST	I seized the startled Celia desperately about the torso and buried my face in her chest to shut out sight and sound .
tr	PAST	For a moment , the cold dark eyes of the man who 'd shot her and murdered Agent Sandoval invaded Layla 's mind .
tr	PRES	Eleven The bears arrive without warning , just as the sun is setting .
tr	PRES	The cutlery draw rattles and a cork promptly pops .
tr	PRES	" You ah , broke yours , and so , she got a hold of me instead . "
tr	PAST	Since then she had always loved to have the looks on her , her red hair tied in an elegant chignon , her hands outstretched towards success .
tr	PRES	" Inform everyone that is not statue , that is our Lord Nemesis and he will be moving soon enough . "
tr	PAST	A moment later she quit the dance and swatted him on the arm .
tr	PRES	A quick stab of pain flashes through me , forcing me to open my eyes .
tr	PAST	The blue and white stripes protected hundreds of chairs .
tr	PAST	Her soft mouth curved into a smile , but she didn 't open her eyes .
tr	PRES	" My ex strikes again and if we try to slow him down he 'll only go all that much faster . "
tr	PAST	" Oh my God , " I whisper , horrified when I remember that his dad is the sheriff .
tr	PAST	Just that goddamned dream again . "
tr	PAST	She eyed him until he laughed .
tr	PRES	She reaches under the table and holds it out to Holder .
tr	PRES	With a muffled groan , she stands .
tr	PAST	" Nice , " I grunted sarcastically .
tr	PRES	In her arms she carries some material screwed up in a tight ball .
tr	PAST	The thought jolted my eyes open and I was glad to see my vision was clear .
tr	PRES	" Seriously , " I mutter to myself and stand up .
tr	PAST	Their phones beeped once more .
tr	PAST	I risked a look at him , expecting to find disgust in his expression .
tr	PAST	Mayor Francis stated , standing straighter as she said it .
tr	PAST	Come on just follow me , " I urged , full of excitement .
tr	PRES	Both Amelie and Fiona let out cries of pain , the crushing urge to feed catching them unprepared .
tr	PRES	I assume that I needn 't warn you how willing I am to resort to violence ? "
tr	PRES	" Mom , dad , Jess ! "
tr	PAST	Joy and sympathy washed her expression into something tender .
tr	PRES	" He plays quarterback for the football team . "
tr	PAST	In the rush of what was no doubt a chaotic morning for her , I doubted she was .
tr	PRES	" Dig him up , Mama !
tr	PRES	Katherine pops out of the house and runs towards George .
tr	PRES	" Word of mouth , I assume . "
tr	PRES	" Eva , I belong in prison .
tr	PAST	Markman dared not respond .
tr	PAST	Again he would have panicked if she hadn 't been there .
tr	PAST	Lili either underestimated me or she was hoping for a show .
tr	PRES	That always applies . "
tr	PRES	Luca draws the horse to a stop and slides to the ground .
tr	PRES	She forgave him with a faint smile .
tr	PRES	Her heart pounding , she releases the breath she was holding and finally starts breathing normally .
tr	PRES	He stands up and fires his weapons .
tr	PRES	The way his arm is wound tightly around my body lets me know he wasn 't lying when he said he didn 't want to lose me .
tr	PRES	Just don 't throw me ok ? "
tr	PRES	The creatures holding the ropes untie the last of them as he approaches .
tr	PAST	Adrian produced a silver flask from his suit jacket 's inner pocket and handed it toward me .
tr	PRES	" This is what we know , " Jason begins .
tr	PAST	It chased away the shadows and the mystery to leave a rather drab , utilitarian space , like an atrium terrace no one had ever decorated .
tr	PAST	Thomas stated as if it were fact .
tr	PRES	" Poor pathetic Jade .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , Marina wraps me in a hug .
tr	PAST	Or something repulsive ... Keller gritted her teeth and stared at various blackboards with dry and burning eyes .
tr	PRES	" Aiden , " I said , slapping his leg .
tr	PRES	The flurry of voices snaps out of my head like turning off a light switch when Trajan speaks .
tr	PAST	Realm looks defeated , and finally nods .
tr	PAST	" Put this on , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	" Okay ... Got it .
tr	PRES	Turns out I 'm pregnant again . "
tr	PRES	Above , the moon shone full and bright .
tr	PAST	It fanned out darkly in the sandy surf .
tr	PRES	" With what , lad ?
tr	PAST	She padded back to the bedroom and searched the closet .
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PAST	I cocked my head at him , now really interested in what was going on , but I refrained from saying anything there .
tr	PRES	He lets go , and I pull my arm back in front of me .
tr	PRES	Dad reaches inside his jacket , but Jack is suddenly in front of him , blocking him , screaming " Don 't ! "
tr	PRES	I assume that those of us who join with you will also be rewarded . "
tr	PRES	He refuses to look at me .
tr	PRES	Will throws his hands up in the air , exasperated .
tr	PRES	" Shock value maybe ?
tr	PAST	She thanked them for the birthday party and the car door was finally closed on it , relieving some of the tension in her chest .
tr	PAST	The boss upgraded it this morning . "
tr	PRES	But Brand was already running away , the woolen cloak fluttering the idol 's high pitched screams echoing through the winter air .
tr	PAST	At the French doors he froze .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be damned , " Jonas exclaimed softly , his attention caught by the green glow of the pulsing vision .
tr	PAST	Christ regarded me with his dark-brown eyes , and some of the humor left , replaced by deep love and even deeper concern .
tr	PRES	That explains the earlier pictures of her when she was at the other school .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me , adjusts the ties on my ankles , and turns me over .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume you can do this .
tr	PRES	She wraps a thin arm around my shoulders and sits silently .
tr	PRES	She fades and we are back in Satan 's den .
tr	PAST	They resonated with my emotions converting them into energy my guns absorbed .
tr	PRES	Hidden by trees and gun smoke , their enemy returns fire , killing troops with every shot .
tr	PRES	" Obviously Parker likes his women young and pretty .
tr	PRES	The moon 's rays shone down on the clearing , allowing me to make out the shadows of three figures sitting in a circle on the lawn .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , she unbuttoned the khaki shorts and they fell to the floor .
tr	PAST	After they 'd both donned theirs , Colin produced fleece hats from his parka pockets .
tr	PAST	he inquired , nodding to one of the chairs in front of his desk , silently ordering his sister to take a seat and calm down .
tr	PRES	" Molly misses you , and so does Bear .
tr	PRES	" Are you afraid , sweetheart ? "
tr	PAST	Tex froze behind me .
tr	PAST	She shuffled and stumbled instead of running .
tr	PRES	" I understand , Maggie .
tr	PAST	Kadie cocked her head to the side .
tr	PAST	She slowly collapsed on the cot and stared at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	He exhaled sharply before he announced , " I live in the apartment next door . "
tr	PRES	As soon as my mom is gone , I hiss , " What happened to meeting me on the corner ? "
tr	PAST	I slowly exhaled into a sigh of relief and turned to my other side .
tr	PRES	He just stands there . "
tr	PAST	He circled and rubbed the tiny spot where she ached , causing her back to arch on a startled cry and moisture to flood his hand .
tr	PRES	She announces that she is performing a piece she wrote titled ' Blue Sweater . '
tr	PRES	Love them ... I bolt up straight , a weird calming sensation flowing through my body as understanding dawns on me .
tr	PRES	He collects his bag and nods goodbye to the woman , following the huge yellow dots on the ground around a corner towards the right .
tr	PRES	Alex slides beside me , knees drawn to his chest .
tr	PAST	Laughter floated back to him .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , lass .
tr	PRES	Unification lies at the core of the phalanx formation , and the drill sergeants kept shouting .
tr	PRES	She pushes at her black hair , damp and stringy from the fog .
tr	PRES	Just bow out gracefully . "
tr	PRES	The doorbell rings and Ms. McLeod sighs before leaving to answer it .
tr	PRES	He draws me to him like a magnet .
tr	PAST	The mountains extended up past the low layer of grey clouds and from them , he was told , you could see the true sky beyond .
tr	PRES	It holds a tiny finger to its lips to silence me .
tr	PRES	My father embraces her .
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled overhead , shook the walls as the wind barreled and whistled through the trees .
tr	PRES	" And he remembers my name .
tr	PRES	" Man , that 's so messed up , " Elijah murmurs .
tr	PAST	My brows inched up .
tr	PRES	" Dehydration most certainly accounts for your low blood pressure .
tr	PAST	He retreated quickly and then strode down the hall , throwing open doors left and right .
tr	PAST	At the last second , someone dove to the ground beneath her .
tr	PAST	She stripped off the uncomfortable suit , tossing it onto the bed to take care of later .
tr	PRES	He frowns for a second then his face lights up .
tr	PRES	Dread fills me , instantly and completely .
tr	PAST	The older he got the more he doubted himself and his own instincts .
tr	PRES	" I assume you have good reason to make it . "
tr	PAST	Grace preferred to travel light , in case she needed to run like hell .
tr	PRES	The path wove all the way to the base of the rocky island .
tr	PAST	Tired from her walk and unsure what else to do , Janie plopped down on the opposite end of the stoop .
tr	PRES	" That explains why you have an ass that won 't quit , then .
tr	PAST	He visited her drunk , as was his wont , gourd clasped under one arm .
tr	PAST	Aidan attempted to shove him away but Isaac pivoted and dodged the attack .
tr	PRES	" Did it tickle ? "
tr	PRES	" Quick , now , " Shelley whispers to Nina as soon as the kitchen door swings shut .
tr	PRES	" Speaking out as you did , it mattered .
tr	PRES	Everyone wears a mask , of course .
tr	PAST	You stole my son ! "
tr	PAST	We all cheered and drank more champagne .
tr	PAST	They steadied me carefully before bobbing their heads with gentle smiles .
tr	PAST	" We 'll go over them anyway , " Roxy stated .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER ONE " It is important to make the right choices in life , however in many critical situations ; it is never enough to choose .
tr	PAST	That befuddled look again .
tr	PRES	" No , back east , ' fore coming west .
tr	PRES	" I begged him .
tr	PAST	Not pausing to worry about what that meant , Vin hopped over the altar , carrying the book with her as protection against further missiles .
tr	PAST	Somewhat short of manliness , he thought , teeth gritted .
tr	PAST	His scrubbing also revealed a few letters and glimpses of designs carved into the coins .
tr	PAST	He quickly calculated the possibilities of finding anything useful in that final drawer , given the meagre findings in the previous four .
tr	PRES	He started hopping , his fists up and ready .
tr	PRES	I assume you are ready to travel ? "
tr	PAST	His lips curved in a quick flicker of his usual smile -- though there was a grim edge to it tonight .
tr	PRES	Phoebe releases a long sigh .
tr	PRES	" Look , Bride , " he said , his voice deep and resonant .
tr	PRES	' But if Tara is now determined on getting her hooks into him again ... ' A shake of the head . '
tr	PAST	" This is not over , " sobbed Jacob .
tr	PAST	Her fingers strayed over the keys .
tr	PAST	She stomped down the hallway .
tr	PRES	Kai approaches on the other side .
tr	PRES	" To accept that she loved me without having to expose Theodore .
tr	PAST	A Girl in Blue reported , " Our sisters barricaded in the commissary are being overrun !
tr	PRES	Roger had , since last week , cancelled all credit card accounts he shared with Marnie .
tr	PAST	Lifting his fist , he shattered the wooden door with one hard blow .
tr	PAST	He tensed and hissed at the sound of her voice .
tr	PRES	Prewitt stands beside her , frowning .
tr	PRES	Keeping my footsteps light , I tail after him .
tr	PAST	I eyed him , unsure if what I had heard him just say was correct .
tr	PRES	I tuned everything out as the electricity ignited and preoccupied almost every inch of my concentration .
tr	PRES	The door bangs open , crashing into Shockey 's legs with devastating force .
tr	PRES	I tip my chin down and concentrate on the list of appetizers .
tr	PAST	Speaking of which ... " I rummaged through the cabinets and settled on Spicy Doritos and microwaveable popcorn .
tr	PRES	My body tends to agree with him .
tr	PAST	Jin cocked his head in confusion , but went along with it .
tr	PRES	He releases me and steers us back into his room , nudging the door shut .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's pulse leaped .
tr	PRES	" Of course I forgive you . "
tr	PAST	Steps silent , he retreated .
tr	PRES	" It stands to reason that no one has learned of poor Mr. Brewer 's fate just yet .
tr	PAST	It tickled , but not on my hand , this time in my stomach .
tr	PRES	Eli and Apple wove their way down the narrow , dirt paths , past squalling infants and boggy puddles that stunk of rotted food and piss .
tr	PRES	Then , very softly , he said simply , " Hello . "
tr	PRES	" Not Ms. Moretti ? "
tr	PAST	The paperwork described the Mazda 's color as " gold . "
tr	PAST	He was standing with his legs spread , the bloodied feather stil clutched in his hand , looking straight up at the nothingness above .
tr	PRES	A trusted employee with a luscious navel he really , really wanted to taste .
tr	PAST	Moments later a pair dove from the wall on the left .
tr	PAST	" I 've been accepted for OCS , " she announced without preamble .
tr	PAST	She circled to the back of the car .
tr	PAST	" The Company dispatched a rescue team at once , for our communications to the surface had not been lost .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat and I decided I wanted to hear no more .
tr	PAST	Surrounded by his loyal friends , Gabriel quieted the commotion with waves of his hand .
tr	PRES	' Heavily armoured soldiers , who just pop out of the wall as anyone enters . '
tr	PAST	It was , she reflected , as if someone had taken a china doll and painted its face to frighten .
tr	PRES	You swing from them . "
tr	PAST	Buddy was asleep , the guitar clutched to his chest .
tr	PAST	I crouch next to Raz , feeling safer beside him than Sharmila , since he was able to construct a stronger barrier .
tr	PAST	Austin shuffled past Toby and disappeared into the bathroom .
tr	PRES	" Accept what you are , Mia .
tr	PRES	I signal the bartender , who is watching me with nothing less than hostility .
tr	PAST	He caressed her hip , peeking out of his closed lids to make sure no one was watching , and traced the line of her bikini .
tr	PAST	Around him , buildings and columns smashed to the ground .
tr	PRES	" He senses your fear , Francesco .
tr	PAST	Simon was sprawled on the bed , his feet on her pillows , his chin propped on his hands .
tr	PRES	It likes to sort things logically .
tr	PAST	Jamie tensed , realizing what the punishment would be if she moved .
tr	PAST	Martinez prayed silently at first , then saw no reason to hide it .
tr	PRES	What I have seen strikes me as completely ingenious .
tr	PAST	He quickly adjusted his clothes and pushed himself into me before my addled brain could even process what had happened .
tr	PAST	A pair of headlights lanced the woodlot .
tr	PAST	" It isn 't , " she stated emphatically .
tr	PAST	In fact , too many memories floated around this place .
tr	PRES	Adele uses it daily , by the way , and also has handed it out to some people around the Lexington area .
tr	PRES	Her hazel eyes shone at him .
tr	PRES	" I 'm fine , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	He doubted she wanted to hear about Rena .
tr	PAST	They meandered through the ship , marveling at its grandeur , until they reached the buffet .
tr	PAST	The short corner man exclaimed as he quickly pulled out a small vile from his pocket .
tr	PAST	A flash of lightning exploded at the same instant that a tremendous boom of thunder sounded .
tr	PAST	The pony was nibbling grass , eyes split in two directions .
tr	PAST	A few soldiers meandered around the room , drinking coffee from styrofoam cups .
tr	PAST	You will get used to it , " Fernando urged .
tr	PRES	" And can I feed the new foal ?
tr	PRES	It also allows him to be very , very mobile .
tr	PRES	Pointing toward a shattered window a few feet away , I signal to Blythe that we are going to have to run .
tr	PAST	Then her knees smashed into his ribs before she scrambled lower , using her fangs to tear the knife from his grip .
tr	PAST	a muffled voice exclaimed from the bedroom floor .
tr	PRES	I shout back from a room beyond the top of the stairs .
tr	PRES	" Oh , I disagree .
tr	PAST	Trees as tall as a man arose around him , before the wall .
tr	PRES	" I understand , Mr. Anders .
tr	PAST	Behind her a few people hastily shuffled their kids away or grabbed their trays and headed for another table .
tr	PRES	Will slides into the passenger seat and shuts the door .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Sparrow .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , give him points for a talent for fiction , anyway . "
tr	PAST	Tears soaked his cheeks as his lips quivered from trying to speak .
tr	PRES	He opens them up , pops one in his mouth and offers them to me .
tr	PAST	She opted for the dark cherry frame .
tr	PAST	" I hope you don 't buy me any presents , " Boone stated with trepidation when the decorating was completed .
tr	PAST	At the car , he produced a small , powerful flashlight and inspected the Mercedes before he touched it .
tr	PRES	It felt like a weight had been lifted from his chest , his world just a tad brighter since she had walked back into it .
tr	PAST	He motioned back to his brothers , the sprite , and the fairy .
tr	PAST	The world exploded into a sizzling heat neither could recover from .
tr	PAST	We all tensed and whirled around toward the opening .
tr	PAST	Nell wriggled her fingers and his tightened .
tr	PRES	' No luggage ? '
tr	PAST	" That is what she said , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	Ben likes the shells fresh out of the oven . "
tr	PAST	The metal rod glowed and crackled , and the gargoyle took to the air with a panicked screech .
tr	PAST	" Please sit down , Got ta Pee . "
tr	PRES	He stares at me , his eyes flitting over my body .
tr	PRES	He breathes out a huff of air .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	I mumbled against his finger .
tr	PRES	Well , she likes George Clooney .
tr	PRES	This brings up the worst day in my life .
tr	PAST	She sensed his satisfaction over making her wait for answers .
tr	PRES	" Start the car , Dylan . "
tr	PRES	" You fold your fingers around mine , like really tangle us together .
tr	PAST	While we waited on our food , Rachel attempted more small talk .
tr	PAST	" I called 'em , " Mark hollered , running back from where Jane had parked her car .
tr	PAST	And you flicked the line , and it was hooked . "
tr	PAST	A nice , fat beetle writhed in my palm , biting futilely at my thumb .
tr	PAST	But Moira giggled and wiggled away from him , running around the restaurant .
tr	PRES	Till we meet again . "
tr	PRES	Before anyone can stop her , she rips open the attic entrance and throws down the foldable ladder , however she stops in her tracks .
tr	PAST	Her office matched my pre-conceived notion of what a therapist 's office would look like down to the letter .
tr	PRES	His voice fills the room and makes fear prickle in my chest .
tr	PRES	Dane reaches for the ice chest behind the back seat and pulls out some water for us .
tr	PRES	Less than an hour later , at midnight , the knocking at the penthouse door fills Antonio Strong with excitement .
tr	PAST	She thrived on portraying herself as a younger woman .
tr	PRES	A long line of shivering people wraps around the front , disappearing to the side .
tr	PAST	She steadied the door so it would not blow wide open .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , Gin , " Silvio piped up , texting on his phone .
tr	PRES	" Did the ram -- " .
tr	PAST	Wood floors , walls the color of fog and a narrow table boasting a cobalt vase stuffed with roses and hydrangeas greeted her .
tr	PAST	" No floods , no robberies , " she joked .
tr	PRES	" And he misses something else . "
tr	PRES	His smile fades as he seems to think , taking us past fields and pastures .
tr	PRES	They , ll pump him full of lead the way they did Bonnie and Clyde .
tr	PRES	He swung around , his face alight with a warmth she had never seen before .
tr	PRES	" But be careful , Gin .
tr	PRES	" In time , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	Doesn 't hurt at all , " he lied .
tr	PAST	" Many of the territories you claimed for me are , so very -- precious , yes , so very pure .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , I really don 't .
tr	PAST	Terror seized my heart as I took in the hollow , lost gaze .
tr	PAST	I flapped my wings slowly but powerfully .
tr	PRES	Color rises to my cheeks , as I stare down at our interlocked hands .
tr	PAST	" Relax , princess , " he urged , his hands pushing her arms against the polished boards as he sensed her instinctive urge to escape .
tr	PAST	It shattered , cutting into her arms and winding her .
tr	PAST	We toasted with our raised vessels while kissing each other , and then we carefully sipped the drinks .
tr	PRES	" In English ? "
tr	PAST	" Summon the council , " he instructed a guard .
tr	PAST	Jude sensed her hesitation .
tr	PAST	He stated , rather than asking .
tr	PRES	The answer lies in genetics .
tr	PAST	Drawing a deep breath , she inched around the car she 'd been using for cover , trying to get a good look at the house .
tr	PAST	Knox eyed me as if he didn 't believe me , and I held his stare , silently daring him to challenge me .
tr	PRES	I ken that , too . '
tr	PAST	Noah easily countered his moves .
tr	PAST	He pondered the significance .
tr	PRES	" I am so happy that Jody is with me , " Ian comments , watching his daughter as she continues to dance .
tr	PAST	On couches and chaise lounges placed haphazardly around the room , more royal Fae lounged ; some with books in hand , others with plates of food .
tr	PRES	In a blink the door pushes open .
tr	PAST	' Civil strife , perhaps ? '
tr	PAST	For me to just accept it and carry out my duties in the ways mother nature and the ocean designed me for .
tr	PRES	Then she clears her throat and says it again .
tr	PAST	Quickly searching for my phone , I dialed Marcus ' number .
tr	PAST	Jo and I visited Gina during an afternoon remodeling session at her possible new place of business .
tr	PAST	Reality swirled past as if she were a stationary stone in a stream wearing her away bit by bit .
tr	PAST	Reid flicked him off .
tr	PAST	" Of course , " I giggled .
tr	PRES	He flashes me a sheepish smile as he lets me go to swat a mosquito .
tr	PRES	" And if by some miracle I succeed ? "
tr	PAST	When she hung up the phone with Beth , she dialed Claire 's extension .
tr	PRES	She pinches my chin , turning my face to the left .
tr	PRES	It tends to get a bit repetitive . "
tr	PRES	Through the rushing wind , my head slowly clears .
tr	PRES	" Here lets go sign you out and then we will go see Esmeralda .
tr	PAST	Shelly supported him as they hurried away from the machine , toward the elevator .
tr	PRES	Your arm begs to differ , kid .
tr	PRES	" Oh , I du n no , quite well , I suppose .
tr	PAST	The bed was large , a heavy four-poster carved elaborately with roses and twining leaves .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Morgan . "
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall .
tr	PRES	" Fruit and crackers .
tr	PAST	But our departure destroyed all forward landing gear and docking valves .
tr	PRES	It seeps through as much in novels and poetry , maybe even more .
tr	PAST	" Nearly electrocuted myself in the loo . "
tr	PAST	I sensed no threat lurking .
tr	PAST	It also strengthened my resolve .
tr	PRES	Tears threaten to betray me , but I hold them back as best I can .
tr	PRES	He shone the flashlight under his chin to make his face look scary .
tr	PAST	Cole said , his voice pitched higher than he had intended .
tr	PRES	The demon strikes again and punctures my left eye .
tr	PRES	" Ah , the equally inscrutable Jenny .
tr	PAST	" There are sixty-one FedEx drop off points between here and where we took him down , " Mason volunteered , looking up from his tablet .
tr	PAST	I attempted a response but the words just wouldn 't come out .
tr	PAST	Within ten minutes she neared the centre of the city , the convergence of avenues that was the Imperial Circle .
tr	PAST	He slapped his knee and laughed .
tr	PAST	Ms. Janssen shrank back against the wall .
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon ? "
tr	PRES	Discovering what Helmsley had done both saddened and angered her beyond compare , but at least she knew that she could still count on Robert .
tr	PRES	The white Mustang was parked out front , its engine purring , exhaust melting into the fog .
tr	PAST	" A few , actually , " Jeremy lied .
tr	PRES	The stray cat gradually approaches them , drawn on by the tossed pellets .
tr	PRES	He hears the urgent edge to my voice and becomes alarmed .
tr	PRES	Her hand stops moving through my hair .
tr	PAST	Her last will and testament required that an archive be released on the universal web .
tr	PAST	Betty clutched at Agnes ' arm .
tr	PAST	She wagged her head several times , trying to shake my thoughts away .
tr	PAST	David screeched from the sidewalk as he entered the Café .
tr	PAST	" You 're ten minutes late , " the librarian sniffed .
tr	PAST	He stiffened in humiliation .
tr	PAST	The Toyota Land Cruiser bounced down the dusty unpaved road .
tr	PRES	" It makes sense -- " " Ha . "
tr	PAST	A quick glance revealed blood , and he held her closer as he tried to get far away from the sound of the shot .
tr	PRES	" Wow , " murmurs Five .
tr	PAST	Nina writhed and tried to snake her way out of his grip , but he was too strong for her .
tr	PAST	Its head split open and a scraping shriek escaped from its throat .
tr	PAST	" According to Amos , Scipio stated that he would instruct his officers to support him .
tr	PRES	Thus each fighter carries ten to twelve personnel .
tr	PAST	He vomited the first time he touched the body .
tr	PRES	I shout over the thunder .
tr	PRES	She passes us the pictures , carefully holding the old fashioned scalloped edges .
tr	PAST	She suckled the tongue that had pleasured her and his balls tightened .
tr	PRES	Her head was tilted up , her expression inviting .
tr	PRES	" I 'll just get some extra sheets , " she mumbled as she all but sprinted for the supply closet .
tr	PRES	" I never said he was , " he states .
tr	PRES	I incline my head even as Mutt 's eye catches mine .
tr	PAST	My mind still itched to know why Alec and Demetri were seeing my mom .
tr	PRES	They reached the large transport helicopter , the powerful rotor wash half blinding her with blown dust and dirt .
tr	PAST	Wolves boiled out of the forest , circled the meadow , glowing eyes fixed on the three people dodging branches that were hurtling through the air .
tr	PRES	I wipe it with the sleeve of my shirt , hoping he doesn 't see me .
tr	PRES	" And hates us .
tr	PRES	She flips her novel back open .
tr	PAST	That unleashed the estrogen into the air evidently , because the next three questions were all about wedding plans .
tr	PAST	The touch of his fingers lingered and made her feel a little breathless with sudden need .
tr	PAST	Another shockwave exploded outward and knocked Haven and Dormer to the floor .
tr	PRES	This time , she lets the giggle free .
tr	PAST	When I step toward her , she inches away , putting herself closer to the closet .
tr	PRES	Sooner or later , every army boy hears Wilmer 's account of where we came from quite a long time ago . ' '
tr	PRES	I assume we 're all thinking the same thing , that he 's just had the diamonds stolen from him ? "
tr	PRES	People disagree with me all the time .
tr	PAST	Max appealed to Chloe .
tr	PRES	I shone my flashlight and saw that there was an old wooden ladder leading down to ... Where ?
tr	PRES	( laughs ) Really .
tr	PRES	The moon rises over the river guiding us through the valley of the river . "
tr	PRES	" No collar now . "
tr	PRES	The Furies represent the female , the violent , the old , and the primal .
tr	PRES	And lost ourselves eighteen months . "
tr	PRES	The water shone indigo , beaten by the sun into a surreal , metallic hue .
tr	PAST	Mihai exhaled slowly and realized his own hands were shaking .
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere , a small round ball of fire emerged from Fin 's fingertips .
tr	PRES	" Miss Corinne ? "
tr	PAST	" Mother breezes into town and demands an audience .
tr	PRES	I wince when I hear this .
tr	PRES	The crowd mumbled their approval and he led me to a chair at the head of the table .
tr	PRES	You and I , we belong here . "
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck .
tr	PRES	" Wayne Johnson . "
tr	PRES	We assume they were headed to two military bases just south of this unknown airfield , speed 270 miles an hour .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands behind his back .
tr	PRES	" This actually fits me . "
tr	PAST	When they were wiped mostly clean , I retreated to the adjoining bathroom and washed my hands , then crawled back into bed .
tr	PRES	I hesitate before walking onto the field .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Gil .
tr	PAST	A sheepish smile tugged at my lips and my eyes narrowed .
tr	PRES	He frowns , genuinely confused .
tr	PRES	I numb the pain and set to work on building a new set of eyes .
tr	PAST	I stripped the stiff socks , the khakis , sweats , and finally the wet long underwear that stuck to my legs .
tr	PAST	No remorse reflected back at me , but I could see a man trapped by his position .
tr	PAST	he hollered as he turned on the light .
tr	PRES	He eases one side of the robe slowly over one shoulder and then the other until it pools at my feet .
tr	PAST	To strip human consciousness naked , Cervantes split it in two .
tr	PRES	Every night he holds me until I fall asleep , whispering that everything will always be alright , because he will make it so .
tr	PAST	They slapped back into position .
tr	PRES	as we ... as she ... shifted her weight to let the blood flow .
tr	PRES	No one kills an Arum in one blast . "
tr	PAST	" I never lied to you .
tr	PAST	Cassidy rolled to him , curling around him , resting her head on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	The room holds 125 so invite them all .
tr	PRES	What business brings you to Damascus ? '
tr	PRES	" Derek ... " " Hush , " he soothed , his mouth settling softly around her and suckling gently .
tr	PRES	Her temper tantrums - " Their conversation was interrupted .
tr	PAST	Not a good image for the crew , he chided himself .
tr	PRES	" And as for you , the press loves following you around .
tr	PRES	She glares at us .
tr	PAST	My dick rocketed to life .
tr	PAST	A man lounged lazily in the shade of a tree .
tr	PRES	The ref flips the quarter up into the air , and it hits the ground and lands on tails .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	They swooped on Andra and the Osh , ripping at them with sharp claws .
tr	PAST	The woman inhaled sharply .
tr	PRES	His gaze slides to my mouth before lifting back to my eyes .
tr	PAST	He gently caressed my cheekbone with a single finger .
tr	PRES	Oxbow chuckles and smiles .
tr	PRES	Everybody in town - everybody who 's a resident - pays taxes .
tr	PRES	Had she just giggled ... like a girl ?
tr	PAST	He unfolded a pocket fork out of a clasp knife he took from his pocket and sat down , eyes bent on his meal .
tr	PRES	" Your diligence is wise , master scribe .
tr	PRES	After a short , steady jog , she climbs atop a rock , using it to jump onto a fallen tree trunk .
tr	PAST	Jake withdrew his hand .
tr	PRES	" And , frankly , hurtful . "
tr	PRES	Looking at my bed , thoughts of Shelby fade .
tr	PAST	He handled everything for Savannah .
tr	PAST	They stripped it , prepared it , and hoisted it into position .
tr	PRES	I shine the torch at the girl .
tr	PRES	My daughter plays ball at Shiloh .
tr	PRES	" Love your dress , doll .
tr	PAST	At long last the shivering began to ease , he carefully inched the water temperature up , and my hands released their tight curl .
tr	PAST	Eyes full of nothing except mischief , the look that came across York 's face plainly revealed where his mind had gone .
tr	PRES	Each slice , so vivid in the nothingness .
tr	PAST	Many sobbed quietly as they held on to one another .
tr	PRES	What about the whole opposites attract thing ? "
tr	PAST	However , he also trusted me to make my own decisions .
tr	PRES	" Oh how I love you , Katie . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed out loud , stamping her foot into the floor in frustration .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't the sword going to be a bit bulky ? "
tr	PRES	They belong home and you belong in the hospital as Andrew . "
tr	PRES	Unless , of course , he refuses to answer my questions . "
tr	PRES	James chuckles , finally glancing up , looking flawlessly charming .
tr	PAST	An orange exploded in Dollop 's hand .
tr	PRES	Sentences crack under the weight .
tr	PAST	He clutched his own face and yelled in pain , " Your breath !
tr	PRES	Will paces around the waiting room while I pick at my orange nail polish .
tr	PAST	I toy with her fingers while I make an O with my mouth .
tr	PRES	After a few more hefty tugs it thankfully begins to move .
tr	PAST	Gideon regarded her a moment before asking , " What was your life like , before this ? "
tr	PAST	Elise joked , " And a little red bikini . "
tr	PAST	" The Rat is back , " he announced triumphantly .
tr	PAST	He saluted yet again and took off .
tr	PRES	" She uses humor to release tension just like I do . "
tr	PAST	" Oh , we 're certain of it , Capt 'n , " Shorty chimed in now that Abe had cleared the way .
tr	PAST	I swirled around to face him , my ire rising .
tr	PAST	During his absence , Mia twirled around in the middle of the floor .
tr	PAST	I squinted at him through the smoke floating between us .
tr	PRES	" What project ? "
tr	PRES	' Hi sweetheart , how are you feeling ? '
tr	PRES	Nothing abnormal about my sister .
tr	PAST	As she climbed the steep path , thoughts and plans swirled through her head as they 'd been doing since she heard the news .
tr	PRES	She loves you in ways she doesn 't love me . "
tr	PAST	Each time Trevor thought of his trip to Louisiana , his stomach churned .
tr	PRES	What about Tami ? "
tr	PAST	" I 'm on my way to town , " Mr. Harris mumbled , looking down as his cheeks started coloring .
tr	PRES	" And the AD stands for Anno Domini , which is Latin for ' in the year of Our Lord . '
tr	PAST	I preferred the familiar rude Jenny ; at least then I knew where I stood .
tr	PRES	Simon reluctantly pops the lid and takes a sip .
tr	PAST	Foot still in the air , Celaena collected herself before looking over her shoulder at the Crown Prince .
tr	PRES	I knew I was good but I didn 't realize I was that good , " he teased as he trailed his fingertips up her bare arm .
tr	PAST	" I 'd never let her hear you say that , " he advised .
tr	PAST	She eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	" I don 't like being threatened , lied to , or manipulated .
tr	PRES	An echo that thundered through Ion 's mind .
tr	PAST	He retreated , moving his body like a dancer to avoid the flying missiles .
tr	PRES	A spotlight shone on the stage and there was a drumroll .
tr	PRES	Five I arrive immediately at my mother 's door .
tr	PRES	" What if someone recognizes us ? "
tr	PAST	" Sara , this is one of my ... I guess , bodyguard is the best word .
tr	PAST	Feeling weary , I plopped down into the sand and lay back , looking up at the blue sky .
tr	PAST	Tegan scoffed and took a couple of long strides toward him instead .
tr	PRES	" Fucking idiot . "
tr	PRES	" You git off watchin ' people ? "
tr	PAST	Seeing that she wasn 't needed , Elise retreated to the security of her own bedroom .
tr	PAST	Sofie thanked her with a wink , earning a wide-eyed stare from me .
tr	PAST	She yawned and desperately turned the television channel to rock music videos .
tr	PAST	" Me , too , " he mumbled , a sad smile tugging his lips .
tr	PRES	A girl crawls across the wreckage , feeling a way out , finding a corpse .
tr	PAST	He abandoned stealth and bounded down the rest of the stairs in a couple of leaps .
tr	PRES	An ear-splitting crack rent the air across the hilltop , rattling between the tree trunks before escaping out into the world beyond .
tr	PAST	For example , I created the acronym VIRUS to stand for Virtually Identical Replicating Unit System .
tr	PRES	" They won 't leave me alone , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	So he pays me handsomely to spend time with his mother twice a week .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the warmth , the security of his arms and body and mouth withdrew .
tr	PRES	He slides off me .
tr	PRES	I wipe my hands on the rag on the table and walk to him .
tr	PAST	' Grey man , ' Bobcat claimed .
tr	PRES	The ending brings us too far from our destination . "
tr	PAST	He estimated that there were still one hundred jars left after what Jackie had taken .
tr	PAST	" You invaded her privacy !
tr	PAST	I sort of collapsed into the shotgun seat , since climbing or even bending was an Olympian feat for me these days .
tr	PRES	Johnny silently chews on his bottom lip .
tr	PRES	The conversation quickly returned to some upcoming campaign stops Warren was making that month .
tr	PRES	His gaze was hooded , lean face utterly expressionless as he looked at me .
tr	PAST	Personal experience dictated that ignoring Fiona was often the best course of action .
tr	PRES	That brings me up short .
tr	PRES	The list ranges from books , to movies , to Japanese ( and some American ) anime , to lots of other things .
tr	PAST	Coach 's voice boomed from the other side of the closed doors .
tr	PRES	I can picture my dad pacing , his hands resting on his head .
tr	PRES	He offers another quick embrace and buries a kiss over the back of my head .
tr	PRES	Huey sees the truck first and steadies his rifle .
tr	PAST	She stripped down and put her feet in the hot water .
tr	PRES	Every time he changes women it 's big news . "
tr	PRES	" Some good business deals . "
tr	PAST	They both attempted to shield their faces with their arms , but there wasn 't enough time to successfully complete that task .
tr	PAST	I doubted he got as much eye candy as I had .
tr	PRES	' She wove a sort of spell into the Berger .
tr	PRES	He considers something for a moment .
tr	PRES	A few more strikes like this , and I 'll have them snapping at each other like frightened animals . "
tr	PRES	We huddle together and walk to class .
tr	PAST	A new speaker replaced Kai on the phone .
tr	PAST	Lola sniffed and went into the other room .
tr	PRES	She uses the tip of her finger to trace one of the dotted lines from X to X across the demarcated seas of the world .
tr	PAST	" Everyone has secrets , " he countered .
tr	PRES	They mutter a hello and then Kayden climbs inside .
tr	PRES	What about Jupiter and the other gods ? "
tr	PRES	I din ' believe a word of it .
tr	PAST	But I entertained the scary realization that I would have to talk .
tr	PAST	" You lied to Kat . "
tr	PAST	Her fingers convulsed around her keys .
tr	PAST	Emily 's heart slowed .
tr	PAST	The steel pierced the goblin 's skull and delved into the brain , killing it instantly .
tr	PAST	She preferred not to talk about it .
tr	PAST	" I-I didn 't hear you tell them to go , " she exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Well , for starters , you hate the smell of pond scum , " she begins counting on her fingers .
tr	PRES	It explains why this new life is spread not only by purely mental acts like belief , but by bodily acts like baptism and Holy Communion .
tr	PRES	Or a low messy bun .
tr	PRES	" OK , a million bucks .
tr	PRES	I gulp a big mouthful of the scented air .
tr	PAST	" Is it terrifying out there ? "
tr	PAST	' ' Missed me ? "
tr	PRES	These , the Dax deals with too . "
tr	PRES	She paces in front of the whiteboard , lecturing on the day of impact yet again .
tr	PAST	I motioned with my head .
tr	PAST	She pitched aside his boxers and cradled the weight of him in her hand until she could see him fight to keep his eyes open .
tr	PAST	Mitch stripped his ribs clean and ate half of hers .
tr	PRES	" You want to save her , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	He spoke to me softly , his voice soothing .
tr	PAST	I stifled my eye roll and forced a smile .
tr	PAST	" Not so weak , Amadeus , " he softly taunted , shifting to ensure he blocked the door .
tr	PAST	He fantasized about what normal men fantasized about .
tr	PRES	' Only when it 's one solid piece , Pol .
tr	PRES	Perry lets out a slow breath , and his focus settles on me squarely .
tr	PRES	I estimate about twenty percent will not be returning . "
tr	PRES	They hauled her up to her feet and held her there .
tr	PRES	" Manor Road . "
tr	PAST	I practically worshipped the ground she walked on .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck !
tr	PRES	I flinch as her fingers dig into my skin .
tr	PRES	He considers correcting the " tourist " misnomer , but there seems no point .
tr	PRES	He , like the General , crocodile food ! "
tr	PAST	" You 've heard of me , " she surmised .
tr	PAST	And a few pieces of guitar , smashed open like an eggshell .
tr	PRES	The phone stops vibrating and I relax slightly .
tr	PRES	" Behind you , Bryce ! "
tr	PAST	Matt 's pillow muffled whatever he said in response but his tone was unfriendly .
tr	PAST	she dared to ask .
tr	PRES	" About six months ago , Lucia snuck a cookie out of the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Cold , furry moss tickled the bottoms of her bare feet .
tr	PRES	" Good idea , " she said , thankful he hadn 't expected her to speak to Thomas .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through the bar until he found some napkins .
tr	PAST	She slapped her palms to the stone , over and over , her frustration , fear , and anguish boiling out of her .
tr	PAST	He shuffled past me to dump his bag on a desk , and I wrinkled my nose .
tr	PAST	Her face froze as she too recognized the boat of one of the town 's most popular citizens .
tr	PRES	" They can 't all be awake , still , " Jase mutters .
tr	PAST	He advanced toward her thatch of cover , his steps careful but not fearful .
tr	PRES	I rip the paper off .
tr	PAST	The muffled sounds of screams and slamming doors ceased and all I heard was the music that helped fill the hole inside of me .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five I squinted at the sun streaming into the room , trying to get my bearings as I woke up in an unfamiliar bed .
tr	PRES	" But my sister - " Nate 's voice floated into the hallway , sounding anxious .
tr	PAST	" Har har , " she mumbled , still holding onto the tree .
tr	PAST	She had sensed him .
tr	PAST	I clasped his jaw in my hands and forced him to face me completely .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven Lovers & Friends " Anything new regarding your love life ? "
tr	PRES	Womack frowns with confusion .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	I meticulously fold the edges up and grab the roll of tape .
tr	PRES	Sometimes it pays to have a little padding .
tr	PRES	" And Lydia -- " He ducked down to peer in at me .
tr	PRES	She forgave him in the hours before she died and told him she hoped she would see him in heaven . "
tr	PAST	The others chased him up the steps .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " Jason mutters .
tr	PRES	" You 're in a safe zone , " my aunt states firmly .
tr	PAST	Charlotte eyed her reflection with both longing and trepidation .
tr	PRES	We 'll be attending the theater , polo matches ... you name it . "
tr	PRES	Molly really likes you .
tr	PAST	He dared to hope .
tr	PRES	She freezes , a platter balanced in each hand .
tr	PAST	And when John called her downstairs from her room , she utterly denied it .
tr	PAST	Her emotions mirrored Nathan 's and she could feel him trying to hold himself in check .
tr	PRES	" Man , that 's great , Maggie .
tr	PAST	They plunged through gloriously white clouds , gathering speed .
tr	PRES	I chuckle again as I imagine those beautiful violet eyes widening and her cheeks turning red at the thought of doing something wrong .
tr	PRES	Instead , he pushes my hair behind one ear and then leans forward ever so slightly as he tells me to have sweet dreams .
tr	PAST	Ever giggled as she popped a giant hunk of beef into her mouth .
tr	PAST	As though nothing were amiss , he motioned to the martini glass in front of me .
tr	PRES	His yellow eyes twinkle under mad white hair that wreaths around his head .
tr	PAST	The skin on his head split open from someone 's spur , and Karen could hear ribs cracking from the repeated kicks .
tr	PAST	One named Daniela the Ice Maiden knelt beside Annika , gazing up at her , briefly touching her with a pale hand .
tr	PRES	A guttural moan drums through Coop 's chest .
tr	PRES	This conspiracy reaches far .
tr	PRES	I chew on it for a moment as she stares at me in shock .
tr	PAST	I stiffened and stared at her .
tr	PAST	My head smacked against the ceiling .
tr	PAST	Jace 's eyes flicked to Clary once , a question in them ; she nodded that she was all right .
tr	PRES	He picks up his rifle , reaches for his Kevlar ... but he pauses briefly before putting it on .
tr	PRES	" Chez Herman . "
tr	PRES	He considers my answer for a moment .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head in agreement .
tr	PRES	Glory belongs to God alone .
tr	PAST	" Because we spend billions of dollars fighting organized crime .
tr	PAST	I tugged my skirt back down to an acceptable level .
tr	PRES	Jack sees a young lady in the garage looking around .
tr	PAST	A low growl rumbled in his chest and he felt his body react to the thought .
tr	PRES	Fergus raised his hand to run through his hair but stopped himself , hand halfway to his head .
tr	PRES	He stares at it , obviously confused .
tr	PAST	The renegade desired him to realize that Simone would suffer a similar fate if he failed .
tr	PRES	Technically , this only applies to half of her face , as the other half is made of titanium , but still .
tr	PAST	The woman regarded her with a faint smile .
tr	PRES	" To sap our morale .
tr	PRES	' When I was in France I dyed it black .
tr	PRES	" The al - knowing , understanding dead languages blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied automatically , for it was what people always said , wasn 't it ?
tr	PAST	Conversation ceased as Michael spotted me and stopped in mid-sentence .
tr	PRES	Hunter lets go of me and rolls his son off him , tackling him on the floor and tickling him .
tr	PAST	He thanked God that he 'd come to his senses in time to save them both untold heartache .
tr	PAST	Its tip pierced Jace 's skin , sending a hot stab of pain through his body .
tr	PRES	As she blew , the fire whipped and struck out at them .
tr	PRES	" One cycle ? "
tr	PRES	Dave also tries his hand at song-writing every now and again too .
tr	PAST	I jolted to a stop when I saw a deep crevice in the ground .
tr	PRES	" Occupational hazard . "
tr	PAST	It was the start position of a push-up , arms outstretched with the back and legs straight .
tr	PAST	When Ash was sent by Mab to capture me , I tricked him into making a contract with me , instead .
tr	PRES	" Sucker punch me in front of the boss , mother fucker . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , before you stands your fork .
tr	PAST	But I trusted a Blake .
tr	PAST	I stowed the rifle and picked up the anchor and rowed home . "
tr	PRES	Option B. I take this gorgeous knife and cut your heart out while you watch . "
tr	PRES	Before she can answer me , someone exits a gate and begins walking toward us .
tr	PAST	Still , despair washed over him .
tr	PAST	In all things , Logan was calm and steadfast , she reflected .
tr	PRES	" All right , " her voice booms .
tr	PRES	" No , " Guy whispers .
tr	PRES	So the government pays through the nose and buys what protection it can on the international market . "
tr	PAST	After she paid , leaving me with a whopping one dollar tip , she exited the salon .
tr	PRES	That kind of certainty helps a person .
tr	PRES	" And the alternate me ... so he 's going to ... " Blake stops moving .
tr	PRES	The demon chokes and slams its head downwards , trying to spit out the spear .
tr	PRES	What about Andre ? "
tr	PRES	What kind of guy tries to screw his brother over like that ?
tr	PRES	I punch the button and slide my finger across the screen .
tr	PAST	Uncertainty and alcohol fused inside his brain like a twisting DNA strand .
tr	PAST	She plopped down on the couch , flipped on the television and found the Today Show .
tr	PAST	Gabrielle adjusted the screen , as if that would help his words make sense .
tr	PRES	" Damn , Sabrina , you pick the most inconvenient times to get bold , " he teased .
tr	PRES	" Metal needle ? "
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to shower , " he mumbled in my direction .
tr	PRES	The little hourglass ? "
tr	PRES	Lennox offers me a bottle of water .
tr	PAST	" It bothered me to think that in this rich country , there were people who still lived as they did .
tr	PRES	Their sweetness fills our empty stomachs .
tr	PRES	I scoff , " You 're shitting me ? "
tr	PAST	She collapsed into something that muffled her cries .
tr	PRES	We describe the wars that were , not the wars that will be .
tr	PAST	He screwed his face up in disgust " He 's an incompetent nerd . "
tr	PAST	Ari was approaching her , hands outstretched in charming appeal , his mouth tilting in a wry little smile .
tr	PAST	Her touch lightened , changing from the hard rub to a gentle brush .
tr	PAST	Jackson cringed when he heard his name .
tr	PRES	" Poppa , will you show me how to swim ? "
tr	PRES	She lays my chart down on the table and turns to leave .
tr	PRES	The man holds his hand out expectantly .
tr	PRES	I also teach part-time at the university . "
tr	PAST	We retreated to the edge of the ledge .
tr	PRES	Before long she stops and takes a moment to catch her breath .
tr	PRES	A general urge for retribution .
tr	PAST	I clipped and she threw her head back and laughed .
tr	PAST	They stole a boatload of money , legally or otherwise , and then assumed it made them interesting .
tr	PAST	This one she disarmed and stabbed through the gut .
tr	PRES	" And Maia . "
tr	PAST	Very slowly , I stripped off my gloves .
tr	PRES	" The unique event hypothesis ? "
tr	PAST	She flicked aside his dressing gown and poked him where it hurts a man the most .
tr	PAST	He created an ice board , and surfed around the Circus .
tr	PRES	I retrieve the key from its hidden place and throw open the door .
tr	PRES	He points at me as he speaks .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on it .
tr	PRES	The displacement field that keeps me connected protects the exposed portions of my anatomy . "
tr	PRES	" On horseback ? "
tr	PAST	Children roamed the street on bikes and skateboards .
tr	PRES	My sister blames me for them splitting .
tr	PRES	He brings me in to fix his messiest problems .
tr	PRES	He loves it , and that is his stamp of ownership . "
tr	PRES	He mutters curses as he tries to pry the waffle free of the waffle iron with his fingers .
tr	PRES	" All right , all right , let go , you little viper . "
tr	PAST	Malcolm hauled his chair back to the table .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and strokes my cheek .
tr	PAST	There she shopped for her vampire visitor .
tr	PAST	Glancing around , Rhi quickly swiped her hands down her hair and fluffed out the edges of her gown .
tr	PAST	Neglecting my broken leg , he seized my arm and chucked me against a tree .
tr	PRES	I vaguely recall passing a town called Clemmons .
tr	PRES	She never talks much - at least to me . "
tr	PAST	She smacked him in the stomach .
tr	PAST	Her eyes brightened at this newfound trust .
tr	PRES	Because you think the wheelchair slows you down .
tr	PAST	The mattress bounced with my weight .
tr	PAST	He chased her through the woods .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the keys and get the car running .
tr	PAST	Even after he left , I received a couple of texts asking me the same questions .
tr	PAST	We exited on our respective sides .
tr	PRES	She obviously sees that about you . "
tr	PAST	With one hand clasped in the other , he stares at the floor , making no attempt to greet the boy .
tr	PRES	If you don 't have bullets then swing for the fences , head shots only people .
tr	PAST	Humming under his breath , he ambled to his dresser and slipped a necklace around his neck .
tr	PRES	" They teach you how to save lives .
tr	PAST	As if she understood the significance of this moment , Mamba exited the garden to allow the humans more privacy .
tr	PAST	I tugged at the bottom of my shirt , not daring to meet Asher 's gaze .
tr	PAST	it grunted , trying to get back to its feet .
tr	PAST	" Frankly , this guy hurts my head , " Shallow Lucy piped in .
tr	PAST	" As long as Manning is in charge , it 's a chess game , " Sam stated .
tr	PRES	Beside it , the bucket of lighter fluid , a box of matches and ... I swallowed .
tr	PRES	The black fades from his eyes and he looks almost as astonished as I am .
tr	PAST	Leo unfolded a great map which he had brought with him and began to make marks on it .
tr	PRES	" To celebrate on a lighthouse ? "
tr	PAST	" And that necklace , too . "
tr	PAST	I whirl around , shocked and angry .
tr	PRES	Ten years with him and then - poof . "
tr	PRES	' How does the supernatural influence Macbeth 's actions ? ' "
tr	PAST	The intense need to completely take him out engulfed me .
tr	PAST	Norton flicked him a look , cold as ice .
tr	PRES	But , obviously - " " Faye , what are you talking about ? "
tr	PAST	The boy 's pretty lips curved in a solemn little smile .
tr	PAST	Daniel clutched the bag as he waited in line at immigration control .
tr	PAST	I exhale , rubbing my injuries , scanning the small room .
tr	PAST	One of the soldiers attempted to enter the black tunnel behind him , to go after the others .
tr	PAST	My heart rate slowed .
tr	PAST	She nearly collapsed , but managed to shift her legs and absorb her own weight .
tr	PRES	He likes to read the paper in the mornings and carry on about the happenings in town and around Osage County .
tr	PAST	He cowered away from her , but she made no move toward him .
tr	PRES	He points toward me .
tr	PAST	They circled and closed in on Fiona and the pup .
tr	PAST	The man grunted and sprawled out on the dirt , clutching his side in agony .
tr	PAST	I invented the weave myself .
tr	PRES	Light and crisp but not too sweet .
tr	PRES	You selfish heartless foreigner .
tr	PRES	" Just relax . "
tr	PRES	" No tongue there , " Jase mutters .
tr	PAST	A stunning blow caved in my rib cage , cutting off my scream .
tr	PRES	The bedroom door opens and Alex slips inside .
tr	PRES	" Rack em ' up , stud . "
tr	PRES	" Maps and plans to attack ... " " Used for their rebellion ! "
tr	PAST	I shrank a little closer to Jacob 's side .
tr	PRES	Before she could do anything , it leapt back into the pines and sprinted away , its coat a gray blur amidst the tree trunks .
tr	PRES	You fantasize about what you want to happen .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her hair and breathed her in .
tr	PRES	" You might as well get down from there , " the voice states .
tr	PRES	I ' l tel him what I planned to tel him .
tr	PAST	Eric marveled at how well the evening turned out after the shaky middle to their day .
tr	PAST	Aidan 's thoughts buzzed as he instinctively thrust out his hands and engulfed himself , Leah and her father in a bubble of fire .
tr	PRES	' Still he tries to be virtuous . '
tr	PRES	The older woman said , " Thank you , mister ... " " Elijah . "
tr	PAST	Then he stomped with great gusto out the door , down the hallway , to the top of the stairs .
tr	PRES	One spoonful , and when you wake up , you 're a zombie . "
tr	PRES	Root hog or die .
tr	PAST	He marveled at the bandit 's control .
tr	PRES	" Cherry Martinez ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over her like a physical caress .
tr	PRES	It remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	I wipe the counter as I mutter quietly , " it can 't happen anyway . "
tr	PAST	When I looked back , Alex dove for the ball .
tr	PAST	A rather large man with a blond crew cut inquired .
tr	PRES	Tasha tilted her head toward him , her eyes suddenly dreamy .
tr	PAST	urged Temp and Tick .
tr	PAST	We piled into Zach 's van which has been the go-to vehicle for Chance of a Lifetime for a few years .
tr	PRES	Ever since our fiasco last year , she likes doin ' whatever she can .
tr	PAST	She eyed me critically as she spoke , as though mentally taking my measurements .
tr	PAST	Sasuke , holding a small cake frosted with pink icing , emerged from the doorway .
tr	PAST	The car rumbled to life .
tr	PAST	The sudden silence notified him that the prayer , said by one of the Spiritual Guides , was finally over .
tr	PRES	Her name fits what she is perfectly .
tr	PAST	The finding of such proved to be like striking a needle in a haystack .
tr	PAST	As I zipped around the school .
tr	PAST	Basically , she lied her butt off .
tr	PRES	He stretches his legs out in front of me .
tr	PRES	As the man checks me out he stops as he comes to the rifle .
tr	PAST	I lied and said there 'd been something wrong with the wine .
tr	PAST	I quickly scribbled it down , grabbing my things and joining the exodus to the front of the room .
tr	PAST	He unzipped his jeans and shed them in one smooth shove down his legs .
tr	PRES	He throws himself to the side .
tr	PAST	" Fresh churned this morning . "
tr	PRES	Getting the Dream falls back into third .
tr	PAST	Ted proved himself a sweet , understanding and sensitive man .
tr	PAST	The soldier slung the belt around Colton 's waist and clasped a chrome buckle in the front .
tr	PRES	He certainly owes me this assistance , after nearly killing me when he shot at me in the forest just hours ago .
tr	PAST	" I 've been running rivers since I was six years old you know , " Amanda proceeded to announce , to no one in particular .
tr	PRES	As I ring the buzzer , a strange feeling passes through me .
tr	PRES	" You prey on the grief of others . "
tr	PRES	" A mile ? "
tr	PRES	It allows homeless people to voice their views and opinions .
tr	PRES	" I loathe the man who runs it .
tr	PRES	I belong to a cult .
tr	PRES	His face now inches from my boots , he made fists and grunted , preparing to die .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't know this dress came with guarantees like that , " she teased .
tr	PAST	His hands caressed my body , hot against the cold of my rain-soaked clothes .
tr	PRES	" That 's this year 's Rodeo Queen , " Gabe explains .
tr	PAST	She dumped a full bag of coffee into the filter unit , leaning over to sniff the rich earthy scent .
tr	PAST	Tony Bennett 's voice floated through the speakers , filling the room with music and memories .
tr	PAST	Crawling on my hands and knees across the sea of footwear , I neared the couch and reached for the gun .
tr	PRES	One bullet here , and you 're finished . "
tr	PRES	" That 's impossible , " I shout .
tr	PAST	Michael flagged down a cab , and they climbed in .
tr	PAST	The high priestess froze as recognition flooded her face .
tr	PRES	Ryland frowns , slashing his hand to indicate quiet .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want you to die , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I mumbled into the disordered air spinning through the room .
tr	PAST	Lemon slices even floated in it .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's and Mac 's eyes reflected Hart 's uneasiness .
tr	PAST	I dealt another card from the top of the deck and slid it across the long , formal dining room table .
tr	PAST	" I also collected some data about the political situation in Europe .
tr	PAST	Amara sobbed quietly now and then .
tr	PAST	" What a delightful idea , child , " Aunt Elinor exclaimed at once .
tr	PAST	The French mathematician and social scientist the Marquis de Condorcet first identified what would come to be called " voter paradoxes " in 1785 .
tr	PAST	His deep voice rumbled in her head .
tr	PRES	" Our target within his grasp and he allows her to slip away .
tr	PRES	The clock on the wall ticks away in an otherwise silent hall .
tr	PAST	You lied to us all , and you put the lives of the council members in jeopardy along with those of everyone here . "
tr	PAST	I invested that money in a mix of medium risk shares and municipal bonds on your behalf .
tr	PAST	To the dozens of scars that crisscrossed his tanned flesh .
tr	PAST	She yawned , patting her beautiful mouth .
tr	PAST	No business discussions tonight , " he reiterated adamantly .
tr	PAST	Fear seized her limbs .
tr	PAST	The prick pretended to be your boyfriend and then wham .
tr	PRES	Sebastian falls silent again , and I leave him to his thoughts .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and took a couple of deep breaths , apparently trying to calm herself .
tr	PAST	The chains snaked out of the water and disappeared .
tr	PAST	Then , abruptly after the state championships this year , she announced her decision to quit .
tr	PRES	" It 's code word for he 's probably a lot more experienced , Pris .
tr	PAST	" No , Sonia , " he stated slowly .
tr	PAST	He faltered for a moment , eyes dulling a little .
tr	PRES	" You 're right , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	Words pile up in my throat , leaving me mute .
tr	PAST	The number of passengers slowed to a trickle and then stopped .
tr	PRES	She climbs up on a billboard by a freeway on-ramp and eats a pack of peanut butter crackers while she scans the horizon .
tr	PAST	" I 'll race you , " she giggled .
tr	PRES	All of the historical accounts that I read - " " He was a remarkable little boy , " I interrupted .
tr	PAST	" Ah , it 's you , " I mumbled , still feasting on my finger .
tr	PRES	' Baby , ' he whispers , his breath hot against my neck .
tr	PRES	She stops and rubs her hands together .
tr	PRES	" The international conference begins in a few hours and we need our coordinated ambush in place before dark .
tr	PAST	" You came in time , " Chase announced , breaking the silence between them .
tr	PAST	I pinched my arm and tried to wake myself up .
tr	PAST	He touches my hand , smoothing his fingers over the back of it .
tr	PAST	When she crawled back into bed , she propped one of her pillows against her headboard for back support .
tr	PRES	" I ´ m here to save your world , your planet and the 7th quadrant , " the alien explains .
tr	PRES	Sadly , she only sees her son once or twice a year .
tr	PAST	Shaggy Man and Bill Hill advanced undeterred .
tr	PAST	Shivers painted her body in shades of brilliance .
tr	PAST	" Got to pull out all the stops for the birthday boy .
tr	PRES	I assume she died some time ago and the manuscript is sitting in an attic somewhere .
tr	PRES	He considers this as he sweeps his bangs off his face .
tr	PRES	" Over and above the sentimental value ? "
tr	PAST	she joked , leaning her elbow on the door jamb .
tr	PRES	The clunking from the falling casing stops .
tr	PRES	" I 've always been too good for you bastards , " he teased as he lowered his chair .
tr	PAST	A flutter tickled her tummy at the words .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head back and chugged the water .
tr	PAST	She merged into the left-hand turn lane at Harbor Boulevard , one car behind Alec .
tr	PAST	Tough reeds and floating flowers that were almost a meter wide battled for living space near the banks of the river .
tr	PRES	The bright lights shone down on the pulse fluttering at the base of her pale throat .
tr	PAST	I shrugged and tightly clutched the handle of the katana .
tr	PRES	He slides his arm back around me and leans closer to whisper in my ear .
tr	PRES	The value of credits remains constant and inflation and deflation are negligible with the Average Production Index system .
tr	PAST	I volunteered at the blood bank , you know , and I was able to work in my garden . "
tr	PAST	Fred exclaimed , pointing his finger at me .
tr	PAST	Her striped gown made her look taller , her bosom a soft swell under all the buttons .
tr	PRES	" Her dad , " Nova explains as she holds on to my hand and the fingers of her other hand wrap around my arm .
tr	PRES	The mist clears and then you can see clearly ?
tr	PRES	What kinds of books ? "
tr	PAST	After about a block , his pace slowed and his hold on her relaxed .
tr	PRES	A slant of sun peers through the curtains , glares off the floor-length mirror in its art-deco frame .
tr	PRES	Suddenly his intuition draws his eyes up .
tr	PAST	Countless questions buzzed around in her head .
tr	PRES	They carried on for a few more swings , the clashing of their blades ringing out in the pre-dawn hush .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded through his head .
tr	PAST	She clutched the nearly empty bottle plus the unopened one against her stomach while carrying the plate of food in her free hand .
tr	PRES	The theater lets out , and I blend into the crowd as I make my way outside .
tr	PRES	" Oh , give it a rest , nag !
tr	PRES	Chloe lets out a magnificent roar , buckles my arms and sends the sword plunging towards me .
tr	PRES	" A Sorceress ? "
tr	PAST	I received death threats from them if I didn 't cooperate , as did many of my staff . "
tr	PAST	Victoria always visited Carmel 's house .
tr	PAST	He dialed his cell phone and waited while the call was relayed through a maze of electronics .
tr	PRES	" Or what kind of funeral rites they preferred in Salvation . "
tr	PAST	For a long time , this bothered Blue .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged .
tr	PAST	I thanked her on my computer and we left the office and pushed out into the morning where the campus had mostly cleared .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to pick the lock .
tr	PAST	The overhead lights flicked on .
tr	PRES	Hayden pushes me back and takes a look at me .
tr	PRES	" And most displeased when you 're wrong .
tr	PRES	Max stops and looks at Tammie , whose eyes are closed .
tr	PRES	No personal effects , no labels , supplies for two weeks with little chance of re-supply .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to Captain Finn , who pounded up the stairs behind her .
tr	PAST	He announced that he had everything ready and they could leave .
tr	PAST	But today her words matched his own concerns too closely to disregard them .
tr	PAST	She withdrew one of the pieces of candy .
tr	PAST	" Maddox , " she rasped , and it was the sweetest sound he 'd ever heard .
tr	PAST	Then she slowed and stopped again , shaking her head .
tr	PAST	He steered her toward his waiting booth .
tr	PRES	I wash off the raccoon eyes then dash out the bathroom , when Daddy 's grab my arm .
tr	PAST	And for the first time in nearly a year , I prayed to God and thanked Him for saving my life today .
tr	PRES	She deserves so much more .
tr	PAST	She enfolded his hands in hers , clinging to him for a moment longer .
tr	PAST	" Oops , I messed up . "
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , he also holds true to his word about taking things slow .
tr	PRES	No memory tricks ? "
tr	PAST	Her mind felt hazy , her body so limp she couldn 't move .
tr	PRES	My mom kisses my dad passionately on the lips then stands up and pulls Sebastian and me into her arms .
tr	PRES	" They don 't look like any friends of mine , " Gage snorts from his position across the aisle .
tr	PRES	I confess I never thought to see you come back alive , let alone unharmed . "
tr	PRES	" Ah , look , buddy - His gaze was locked on her lips .
tr	PAST	Oakes gritted his teeth and pounded the console .
tr	PRES	" It 's time to end the silly fight , " Crazy Aunt Letty states nonchalantly .
tr	PRES	" Nora does have lovely legs , " Mom teased me .
tr	PRES	Doctor Jones glances up from his bacon sandwich with a cold stare .
tr	PRES	Julian points to a huge , detailed creation with moats and bridges .
tr	PRES	It glances towards my window and we make brief eye contact , just before the girl cuts out its eyes .
tr	PAST	Reece inhaled , trying to remain calm , and followed Simone into the empty sitting room .
tr	PRES	Will wraps himself in his blanket , lying with his back to us .
tr	PRES	2 World governments , after a brief , rather understandable " What the hell ? "
tr	PAST	From where Aisha sat she could see the light reflected in the wide screen .
tr	PRES	The butterfly glides in front of my nose , as if it 's trying to tell me something .
tr	PRES	No threats , no demands , no one even hinting that they knew .
tr	PRES	" Maybe he got lost , " Ed offers .
tr	PAST	So , I thanked him , shrugged , and downed it in one gulp .
tr	PAST	the guard asked , her eyes lightened up .
tr	PAST	I faked a growl and she poked me in the arm .
tr	PRES	Over the course of the pledge period , you wil discover worlds inside yourselves that you 've never imagined . "
tr	PAST	Sergeant Dasher cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	They only sell it .
tr	PRES	Even though quiet rain fell outside the shop , the sun still shone through , painting the world in a glittering haze of light .
tr	PRES	She joins me at the window .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , my mom cheered me up , and bought you a new one instead .
tr	PRES	But I also know that half the time , he hates that he wants you . "
tr	PRES	" Did I scare you ? "
tr	PRES	Red rises out of the breach as well and Warrior grabs him with the claws of her hind legs .
tr	PAST	She squinted her eyes on the blank screen and started playing with her keyboard .
tr	PRES	They were also covered in dirt , their faces purple with newly swelling bruises .
tr	PRES	He sees the blush on my cheeks and smiles to himself .
tr	PRES	I waver for a moment , entranced by the delicious meaty aroma .
tr	PAST	" He violated our laws . "
tr	PRES	" Selective memory , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Bright , midday light shone through the windows and made me squint .
tr	PAST	The kid scrolled through screens at the speed of light and Dean rolled his eyes beneath his shades .
tr	PRES	" At first I mistook you for one of the guests as you glided across the lawn with the cape on your arm .
tr	PRES	" Free country , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Selena eyed him with relief but with deep questions in her eyes .
tr	PAST	I awaited each with barely constrained anticipation .
tr	PAST	Fila stiffened at his tone , recognizing the implied threat .
tr	PRES	He wove around the S curves , Autumn clinging to him , and the lake opened in front of them .
tr	PRES	The desperate mad rattling and cries of ' How can it close on the damn thing but not open with it ?
tr	PAST	" Ever the gentleman , " Gabriel eyed his old friend .
tr	PAST	" So you lied to her ? "
tr	PAST	Her hand glowed red and she pressed it on her chest .
tr	PAST	I have never uttered a wrong word to a prison official .
tr	PAST	As he considered doing just that , his comm unit buzzed in his pants pocket .
tr	PRES	" Carol Freeman ? "
tr	PAST	The two pieces of cylinder split then dump onto the dirt when you hear more whistles .
tr	PRES	And that still stands now .
tr	PRES	He holds them out , arms straight .
tr	PRES	" I am aware of Cornelius 's efforts , " Lord Loss chuckles .
tr	PAST	" Listen to her , Nicholas , " Philip urged .
tr	PAST	I willed my heart to slow down .
tr	PRES	" We 'll get through this somehow , " I comforted him patting him on the back .
tr	PRES	" You 're afraid of her , " Enzo murmurs , intrigued .
tr	PAST	Despite her attempt to show everyone that she was totally into Baxter , her eyes never strayed far from Stryker .
tr	PRES	" Painting your legs with suds . "
tr	PAST	In the end , I selected the law firm of Lucas , Orson and Scott .
tr	PAST	In fact , my whole body convulsed with fear .
tr	PAST	Her stomach pitched , having nothing to do with morning sickness .
tr	PAST	For a moment she sensed a closeness being formed between them .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted , looked to the floor .
tr	PAST	The man 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PAST	I would hurt you , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	She pushes the door again .
tr	PRES	Perhaps he originated from Britannia .
tr	PRES	Mariam clears her throat .
tr	PRES	He reaches his flat after 10 and there 's usually no one to put the lights on for him .
tr	PRES	I shout at him .
tr	PRES	" Cut the crap , Hayden , " Dax snaps .
tr	PAST	" So wet , " he grunted , before sticking a finger inside me .
tr	PRES	She sneaks out at night after bedtime and loses her way .
tr	PRES	The animals that still live free in the wild like life that way , many of them don 't even know humans exist .
tr	PAST	Sonia tensed and opened her mouth to reply but , as usual that night , Callum got there before her .
tr	PRES	His shadow lashes out at Eddie with such a force that it knocks him over .
tr	PAST	Eric catapulted off the bed , startled .
tr	PRES	And an astounding one at that , I recall .
tr	PRES	He never misses his daily workout , even on days when he hits the gym .
tr	PRES	Quickly , he whisked me back into the bathroom and slammed the door shut .
tr	PAST	Soggy timber split and crumbled .
tr	PRES	She digs the bal out of the goal and drops it back down in the middle of the table , and we start playing again .
tr	PRES	Everything surprisingly fits me to a tee .
tr	PAST	The toddlers squealed with delight , as if it were the funniest thing they 'd ever seen .
tr	PAST	" Barney 's is very nice , " Laci defended , liking the idea more and more .
tr	PRES	The moor stretches for miles . "
tr	PRES	Ignoring my plea , Tash begins to read .
tr	PRES	" This is a adorable , " I observe before I get out and pull the wheelchair from the trunk .
tr	PRES	He sighs , ready to give up long before he 's begun .
tr	PAST	A flock of birds sensed her approach and scattered , beating their wings frantically in an attempt to escape the whirlwind breezing through the field .
tr	PAST	I deliberately yawned , wanting to look bored .
tr	PAST	His legs crumpled , and I shot him twice in the head as I stepped over him .
tr	PRES	" Mother , " I said , impatient .
tr	PAST	The halo of another outside light glowed from the back .
tr	PRES	Backward , then forward , the gears and cogs of her internal time piece grinding and jamming .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but from what he 's told me , you scare the shit out of me .
tr	PRES	With both hands wrapped around her warm mug , she padded over to the table .
tr	PRES	The closet light flicks on , and I go over .
tr	PAST	" So you destroyed the cities . "
tr	PRES	The cocoon opened with two scaled hooks sliding the webbing back .
tr	PAST	Garn exclaimed , feeling deeply insulted .
tr	PAST	I mentally willed him to never remove his lips from mine .
tr	PRES	He considers it his business .
tr	PRES	He lacks many social skills . "
tr	PAST	A forked tongue flicked out , as though tasting her fear .
tr	PAST	They stiffened , their bodies going rigid with shock .
tr	PAST	I bent down and gently clasped his shoulder , meaning to ease him to his back .
tr	PAST	I clutched her hand and refused to let it go .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , yeah , " she teased .
tr	PAST	he inquired , his tone barely civil .
tr	PAST	Her spirit form transformed into a form much more reminiscent of the material Alicia , as she had once been .
tr	PRES	At the top of the stairs , the Florida sun shone warmly through the six-foot window so that sunlight touched all corners of the foyer .
tr	PAST	Foss saluted at once .
tr	PAST	" You 're not Elijah , " she stated .
tr	PAST	Leslie attended Bryan Station High School and was graduated from the University of Kentucky summa cum laude .
tr	PAST	The deep voice rasped behind them .
tr	PRES	" Lira is quite intelligent , but you probably already knew that about her , " Sapphire teased .
tr	PRES	" So the total ... " Her eyebrows arched .
tr	PAST	He rummaged around under the counter and produced a gas mask .
tr	PAST	Since the pills had no effect , he opted for a much more drastic course of action .
tr	PRES	He sees us as his family now , not as members of the Exiled Kindred . "
tr	PRES	The young girl frowns .
tr	PRES	" Dead flowers healed Cadmus . "
tr	PAST	Aria 's heart monitor sped up for a fraction of a second , confirming Rhapsody 's belief that the comatose girl could hear her .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , shook his head .
tr	PRES	It lies buried there , silently waiting for someone to brave the mud and find it .
tr	PRES	" And the hat ? "
tr	PAST	I tousled her hair and kissed her temple .
tr	PAST	More artillery rumbled in the distance .
tr	PAST	" We have the vote , " she announced .
tr	PRES	It passes in silence .
tr	PAST	, who clutched atthe baseball cap stashed inside her tunic and smiled .
tr	PAST	Before she had a chance to find out more , the Mortal 's Caster girlfriend stormed off .
tr	PRES	I shout as I get in front of his pistol .
tr	PAST	The orb grew , engulfed their hands , arms , torsos until it was a yellow bubble of light encasing them both .
tr	PAST	As his footsteps faded , I crouched in the darkness , my palms growing sweaty as I waited .
tr	PAST	Had I wrecked her good by putting part of myself inside of her ?
tr	PRES	As they stared , the car revved its engine .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arm around my waist and I tuck myself into his side .
tr	PRES	I tackle one soldier to the ground and rip his helmet off , revealing his face .
tr	PAST	Varg 's ears flicked in amusement .
tr	PRES	" It rips the hearts out of living subjects and consumes them , then takes their form . "
tr	PRES	It ' so relaxing that I close my eyes .
tr	PAST	At which Conall , quite unexpectedly , busted out with a great crack of booming laughter .
tr	PAST	His words reflected my own feelings for him .
tr	PAST	I dig my fingers into his hair as our mouths open to one another .
tr	PAST	It puzzled her , how had they gotten there so fast , and , where had all the people come from .
tr	PAST	I tensed until it hurt .
tr	PRES	Fiona climbs out , slamming the door .
tr	PRES	" What authority allows you to use such a dangerous creature , especially on youth ? "
tr	PAST	Susan twirled the phone cord around her finger and held her breath .
tr	PAST	She sniffed in all directions .
tr	PRES	Calder chuckles and helps me pull the T-shirt over his head .
tr	PAST	And just then , outside on the street , a voice hollered , " Marissa !
tr	PRES	" Why don 't you just put the gun down , Carl , " Peter begged .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , Beans .
tr	PRES	Bright , blinding light met their eyes , gleaming from the surfaces of buildings that stretched up toward the sky and sparkled with iridescent light .
tr	PAST	They practically glowed against the moonlight .
tr	PAST	He exhaled heavily , and lifted his chin toward the door closed behind me .
tr	PRES	" Dare begged me not to .
tr	PAST	His eyes were closed , his voice sleepy , drifting into no more than a murmur .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " mumbled Jack through his pain .
tr	PRES	This bird likes it .
tr	PRES	" Just come home , " she whispers before the phone goes dead .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Jenkins ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume you know she 's an Influencer .
tr	PRES	But yet , the rotten apples still linger on the tree . "
tr	PRES	He gazes at the crystal ball in awe .
tr	PRES	She glances back in Logan 's direction .
tr	PRES	He helps me get my food even as Derek and Shep break his balls , saying he 's whipped .
tr	PAST	A dark shadow swooped down from a hidden nest among the stalactites and landed atop the tips of its clawed leathery wings .
tr	PAST	' Go on , ' urged Cori , intrigued .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains it .
tr	PAST	He flagged down a waitress .
tr	PRES	" You are to come with us without resistance , " one of the guards announces .
tr	PAST	Whatever , he pondered , whatever that will be .
tr	PAST	Chapter 17 Hands gently smacked my cheeks .
tr	PAST	" Secrets for secrets , " it rasped , nodding .
tr	PRES	" And I don 't think there will ever be a right time , " I add .
tr	PAST	" You lied and cheated and tried to kill me !
tr	PRES	Until he suddenly reached out and yanked a passerby into him , his mouth latching onto her neck .
tr	PRES	There were fresh flowers down by the altar , some of them lilies , judging by the awful heavy scent that permeated from that direction .
tr	PAST	After seeing my room and bathroom , I doubted anyone had touched a thing .
tr	PRES	The rest of the room remains silent .
tr	PAST	" Therefore , I strip you of your Governorship of Europe and your command of the European Armies .
tr	PAST	Chapter One " This is as close as I can get , love , " the taxi driver announced apologetically .
tr	PRES	The golden rule that successful kings have followed for millennia , still applies today .
tr	PAST	She reared back , fingers hooked into claws to attack whoever had done it .
tr	PAST	The suit accented his broad shoulders and tapered waist , even showing off his perfect ass .
tr	PAST	Celaena sniffed the water goblet again , racing through a list of odorless poisons .
tr	PAST	Ian and Duncan circled around the opposite side of Fin and Todd .
tr	PRES	" What , were you eavesdropping ? "
tr	PAST	She reclined and hooked her legs over the arm of her favourite leather chair .
tr	PAST	" I think ' mate ' is Australian , " she giggled , and I reached over and wiped a tear off her cheek .
tr	PRES	Ancient Indian thought , which is also philosophic in a broader sense , originated as early as 1500 BCE and appears in scriptures known as the Veda .
tr	PAST	I skipped to lunch and returned to my desk with a newfound passion for my job .
tr	PRES	He hugs me real hard and I can feel my chest start to press again and I 'm so confused and frightened and angry .
tr	PAST	Pausing , I add , " Wow .
tr	PAST	Once we -- " The phone ringing interrupted him .
tr	PAST	He munched down a handful of chips .
tr	PAST	His senses sought her in his castle .
tr	PRES	" I 'm such an idiot , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" So she wears the pants in the family ? "
tr	PRES	He brings it to his lips and kisses it .
tr	PAST	Finding her anger , she slapped out at his chest .
tr	PRES	Louisa stops her incessant knocking at the jingle of the chain , and her shouting turns to laughter even before I 've opened the door .
tr	PRES	" Dude , there 's like , pencil crap and who knows what in here . "
tr	PRES	Target in range . "
tr	PRES	The arrow on the shell points at the opening for the tortoise 's head .
tr	PRES	" Matthew loves my hair down , so I think I 'll stick to that .
tr	PAST	The desire to increase the intensity of the kiss soon exploded .
tr	PAST	Surely Jace never giggled , not even at the age of five .
tr	PAST	Alexandra and Tony also arose .
tr	PRES	For now , he deserves to be here . "
tr	PAST	He clasped his knees loosely to his chest .
tr	PAST	Under her , the desk vibrated , and she flinched at the unexpected sensation .
tr	PRES	" Your birthday ? "
tr	PRES	He plays for the cover band that 's entertaining in the field tonight .
tr	PAST	He slowed to a jog as he closed in on the large clearing .
tr	PRES	Harlin reaches to take my hand .
tr	PRES	She points a finger at the table .
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PAST	Couldn 't really make out the words , the reason bein ' , the piano exploded . '
tr	PRES	' He loves me . '
tr	PAST	Later that night , imprisoned in the castle , he lied to the others about what had happened to Nevaeh .
tr	PAST	Edna yawned more than once and the Mayor was a bit fidgety .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I stated , breaking the absence of sound .
tr	PRES	Adel enters his bedroom .
tr	PAST	She swiped her tongue over her lips .
tr	PAST	It does not matter that her first shot meant to warn : wing clipped , the eldest sun plunged and shattered on the earth .
tr	PRES	He passes the new billboard where a worker is painting the " e " in " Paradise . "
tr	PRES	" Your cooking tends to ' shorten ' a man 's lifespan . "
tr	PRES	" Can you teach how to do that ? "
tr	PAST	She elbowed him in the shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry ' bout it , lad .
tr	PAST	The mists swirled around him , obscuring him from the king 's view .
tr	PAST	" Relax your shoulders , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	Pretending travel fatigue , she arose to engage in a short constitutional .
tr	PAST	He stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	She giggled with a mischievous smirk .
tr	PRES	But whatever the cost - his friendship with Richard , his pride or her scorn - he had to see her again .
tr	PRES	His mom collects stuff .
tr	PAST	" It 's just an hour , " I mumbled to myself and grabbed my purse .
tr	PAST	Rose blanched but complied , earning laughter in return from Dimitri .
tr	PRES	Have a nice day , Violet , you slut . '
tr	PAST	I tensed at the mention of my name .
tr	PRES	One finally learns that it is a rhetorical question .
tr	PAST	Jayden hooked it up to himself and started moving his hands carefully up and down together as the truck was still in them .
tr	PAST	Liz circled , confident .
tr	PRES	I grumble , stamping my foot .
tr	PRES	" Keep everyone clear , " I snap .
tr	PRES	I whirl to find him looming behind me , a scowl on his face .
tr	PRES	He stands and turns to me .
tr	PAST	A senior Weekday Warrior named Holly Moser sketched nude self-portraits in charcoal pencil , portraying her rotund form in all its girth .
tr	PRES	A smile begins to stretch across his face .
tr	PRES	I perch on the edge of a damask chair and Carolina and Jeremy join the Goldens on the sofa .
tr	PAST	" Well , in that case ... " I swiped the bottle of Merlot and topped off my glass .
tr	PAST	The wagon trudged on .
tr	PRES	" Good heavens . "
tr	PRES	She stops : a message arrived .
tr	PRES	Says he wants you to know that time is limited , and whatever you need to do , do it quick . . "
tr	PAST	TV sets glowed in many of the mobile homes .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as we ran .
tr	PAST	She padded to the kitchen to make a sandwich , pausing to stare at the photo of Earl and Charming .
tr	PAST	Though he smiled at her , Danni sensed a coldness lurking behind it .
tr	PAST	" You ... " He yawned again .
tr	PAST	Phin and James uttered a few choice names for the bad men then scrambled to the top of the hill .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked my body , causing the blankets to stick to my skin .
tr	PRES	" About a quarter mile from here . "
tr	PAST	We ambled out into a fresh brace of sunshine , searching the crowds for Erin .
tr	PAST	In a blink of an eye , Carson was in front of me , his expression pinched with concern .
tr	PRES	" Must be a side effect of my amazing kissing skills , " I teased her .
tr	PRES	Pistol in hand , Bax reached forth and , with his fingertips , felt of the dark wall until he did in fact discover a door .
tr	PAST	I 'm going to bleed to death eventually , " Rick joked .
tr	PAST	It barreled into the vampire , knocking him backward .
tr	PRES	Of disease , an accident , in childbirth .
tr	PRES	Why so glum , why so grim ?
tr	PRES	Josie enters as she did in Scene II , but now with a new spring in her step .
tr	PAST	' I learnt the hard way .
tr	PRES	" So a few years back -- our years , mind you , they 're longer than your years -- I snuck over to Earth .
tr	PAST	I tidied up and set off down the slope , towards a cove I could make out in the distance .
tr	PRES	He carries a small wooden casket , carved of lustrous ebony wood and inlaid with ivory .
tr	PRES	I hesitate as if I 've forgotten something .
tr	PAST	They ambushed me , stole the papers I carried -- which were false anyway -- and then amused themselves torturing me .
tr	PAST	Emma pretended to be disappointed , pursing her lips in a pout .
tr	PRES	" What kind of person allows this insanity to occur ? "
tr	PAST	Pride and hurt feelings urged her to say yes and sweep past him .
tr	PRES	' Why , thank you , father , ' she beamed .
tr	PAST	A sickening feeling invaded Rebecca 's stomach and started radiating outward .
tr	PAST	Josef exited the van quietly and looked round it .
tr	PAST	When Ryan decided he needed a fresh start , Sal urged him to transfer to UT with him .
tr	PRES	A recommendation from me to the Elders grants special consideration .
tr	PAST	She only braced herself , ignoring his leer , as the vehicle left the clearing and rumbled along its track under a canopy of living green .
tr	PRES	Seth always freaked me out , but I just never thought we would end up here .
tr	PRES	Ha , ha , ha .
tr	PAST	Nicole froze then paled .
tr	PAST	Personally , she marveled .
tr	PAST	" No , " she lied again .
tr	PAST	" Other shuttles are reporting in with similar results , " Kit Fisto announced .
tr	PRES	Joy bursts from the hidden place deep within my heart and flows through my body and spirit in an everlasting spring of happiness .
tr	PRES	" What brings you two out this morning ?
tr	PAST	He claimed the sale of his body had been born of necessity , and she believed him , but not for the reasons he presented .
tr	PAST	Once I figured out who she was I phoned in the anonymous tip . "
tr	PRES	It all tastes of shampoo , according to the Gauls .
tr	PAST	The change in direction only revealed the redhead coming at him from behind , along with several others .
tr	PAST	Now taste it , " he instructed . "
tr	PAST	Waiting for her sister to die , when Nicola 's emotions would be wrecked .
tr	PRES	It shone clean and bright in the middle of Boy 412 's muddy paw .
tr	PRES	" Eugenie , " he begged at last .
tr	PRES	He winks and then pulls out his phone , peeking at the time .
tr	PRES	' Stop drooling , man , ' he teased .
tr	PRES	The clock digits shone in neon green .
tr	PAST	Colin blamed the glare for making his eyes water .
tr	PAST	" You , too , " she urged and immediately wiggled out of her skirt and pushed her panties down and off .
tr	PRES	" Little Ms. Black Belt . "
tr	PRES	She inhales deeply and loosens her clutch on my midsection .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I want a guarantee of safe passage for me and my crew , " I add .
tr	PRES	Dad lets out a deep breath .
tr	PRES	Cricket helps me stand .
tr	PRES	One of them belongs to my mother .
tr	PRES	Somehow it fits the somber mood that has fallen between us .
tr	PRES	The next few moments drag by , as there is nothing to do but stand there and wait for the poison to take effect .
tr	PAST	Something dove into the water beside me in a rush of bubbles .
tr	PRES	Graduate school in biology tends to be a paid position .
tr	PAST	When Thunder heard the barn door squeak , he ambled over to the corral fence and poked his head through the rails .
tr	PAST	I announced in a defiant manner .
tr	PRES	" I , ah -- " Jim moved the microphone back toward me .
tr	PAST	She ambled over , sniffed the apple and then bit it in half .
tr	PRES	My eyes sting with tears as fear begins to make me tremble .
tr	PAST	Chance grunted as he climbed into his car .
tr	PRES	My Noise opens wide .
tr	PRES	" Nothing so crude .
tr	PAST	His low , rough words washed over her shaking , twisting body .
tr	PAST	" They chased you ?
tr	PRES	She reaches up to her face with her free hand and winces when she lightly touches her crushed nose .
tr	PAST	" It really is a nice dress , Mom , " Celia chimed in , glancing into the backseat with a hopeful smile plastered on her face .
tr	PAST	Lucia 's lips curved into a smile .
tr	PRES	" But we witnessed - " " They made contact with a submarine and are now en route to Washington . "
tr	PAST	Victor slapped him lightly on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	Not quite sure if I wanted to clarify my musings , I crawled to the edge of the bed and sat over it .
tr	PAST	Elias squinted a little against the sun and nodded once , to himself , as if whatever he had seen satisfied him .
tr	PRES	" Bran , " she hisses .
tr	PAST	Violet giggled and retreated quietly into the back .
tr	PRES	Abbi begged me to stop , quietly pleading , " Kane , no more .
tr	PRES	I cal ed , my voice wavering .
tr	PAST	She twirled playfully out of his grasp and headed upstairs .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PRES	Big cylinders , from which sharp spires and metal frameworks stretch out as skeletons .
tr	PRES	I chew the inside of my lip .
tr	PRES	His judgment remains his deciding .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , Friedrich and I secured the lifeless man to the cable and tied the other end of the rope to his harness .
tr	PAST	Adele eyed her skeptically and Darcy laughed .
tr	PRES	Before I had a chance to catch my breath , he stalked away .
tr	PRES	He loves you and out of that love gives us all the freedom to make our own choices .
tr	PRES	" No one , " he ground out , his eyes an inch from my own , " no one touches my queen . "
tr	PRES	" Please continue , Mr. Bradford .
tr	PAST	Luis exhaled and said , " I feel the same way .
tr	PAST	The radiance mesmerized her .
tr	PRES	He loves this job and QT more than anything . "
tr	PRES	And a light infused my sister 's body .
tr	PRES	" He loves me ? "
tr	PRES	" Mr. President . "
tr	PRES	" I expect you to do whatever you like , " I snap , worn down from the stress of the previous days .
tr	PRES	He glances in my direction before walking out .
tr	PRES	Aunt Wisdom buys her groceries at WalMart in Whistler 's Gulch . "
tr	PRES	Might as well just shout it from the roof tops .
tr	PRES	Made ' em myself .
tr	PAST	The world shrank to that barrel .
tr	PRES	A law student ? "
tr	PRES	She wears a simple black pantsuit and around her neck , a gold chain threads a red teardrop pendant .
tr	PAST	The audience exploded into cheers .
tr	PAST	" I tipped my hand when I told you and Catfish about Matt 's car .
tr	PAST	The teams circled the parade ground at a gallop .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side endearingly .
tr	PAST	Nearby , at the billiard table , courtiers verbally replayed the King 's game .
tr	PRES	I dwelt lovingly on this image to quell my fears .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a shaky breath .
tr	PRES	" Oh , yes , though I don 't think I can follow that announcement , " I hedge with a smile .
tr	PAST	Shock and dread washed through him , all but swimming laps in his bloodstream .
tr	PAST	" Come here , nephew , " Prospero rasped .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're not thrilled .
tr	PRES	Trick throws back his head and laughs .
tr	PAST	She swiped at her face again to clear the tears , and then she looked at Kylie .
tr	PAST	But it sniffed them , and moved away , too .
tr	PRES	His lips murmur against my skin .
tr	PAST	" Then quit staring at me . "
tr	PRES	It likes you to think that it 's gone .
tr	PRES	' Do vampires exist ? '
tr	PAST	I upgraded your cabin .
tr	PAST	" Jace dodged my fist , " countered Asa without missing a beat , keeping up with his lie convincingly .
tr	PRES	" How brave of him . "
tr	PAST	Then I chiseled out a billion little chunks between the holes .
tr	PAST	" By the way before I forget or lose the nerve , I 'd like to thank you for the way you protected me like that . "
tr	PAST	She yawned as she read the clock .
tr	PAST	/ should have lied about the number we had !
tr	PAST	Rage and frustration flared , thirteen years of hurt , fear and anger , all bursting to the surface at once .
tr	PAST	Sara giggled at something Jared whispered in her ear - which was exactly why I 'd chosen the floor .
tr	PRES	It slides open without a sound .
tr	PAST	My fingers fisted the blanket .
tr	PRES	Not with the likes of him . "
tr	PRES	" You were right to say this was live , " he states .
tr	PAST	This represented a change from the old naval tactic of ' crossing the T ' .
tr	PRES	Internally I wince worrying what Eva told him about me .
tr	PAST	" No , no , no , " I begged myself , panicked .
tr	PRES	" But , " he clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Not if he kills me for refusing .
tr	PAST	He instead grunted and nodded towards a dark corner .
tr	PRES	Eric approaches Amar , who sticks the needle almost savagely into the side of Eric 's neck .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my fangs and punched through his chest , ripping his heart out , shutting him up instantly .
tr	PRES	" If he hurts her , he deals with us . "
tr	PRES	" On both accounts .
tr	PRES	To the east lies the country from which we emigrated many generations ago .
tr	PAST	As one of his adversaries hopped into the ditch , Patrick hopped out .
tr	PAST	I circled the parking lot once , looking for a good space .
tr	PAST	' Motorized Ship , Small . ' "
tr	PAST	The one on the left glided around and clicked with no effort , but the one on the right was stiff and would not turn .
tr	PRES	" The computer helps the gates to align themselves properly . "
tr	PAST	He slowed his steps for Beth , who was plump with child , as they entered the house .
tr	PRES	Reaching out to pat him on the back , I inadvertently touch Jase 's hand , as he 's doing the same .
tr	PAST	The picture of my vibrant little sister , who had always been so full of life , reduced to , to ... this , never left me .
tr	PAST	She alighted with the help of a footman , smoothed her pale lavender silk skirts , and then set off without looking back .
tr	PRES	And don 't tell Viktor . "
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze heavy as iron .
tr	PAST	Mr. Henderson , my art teacher at school , marveled at my talents .
tr	PAST	Once again , the person behind beeped .
tr	PRES	" He really likes you .
tr	PAST	" It is different , " he announced .
tr	PAST	He obtained private rooms at the top of the public house that proved snug .
tr	PAST	She served several people , moving mechanically while asking herself if Derek was the one who 'd broken into her bedroom .
tr	PRES	, " I mumbled , truly nervous around a man for the first time since my transformation .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , but couldn 't smell mothballs either .
tr	PRES	After another minute or so , Rian stops by a door and I wait behind him .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here , son of Morpheus ? "
tr	PAST	Letting Mica and Angela , who seemed to be in their own little world anyway , go on without her , she skipped toward him .
tr	PRES	He lets out a low growl .
tr	PAST	He sped after her , following her to the web where her spirit lay entangled by strands of memories rushing together to surround and capture her .
tr	PAST	Nate retreated to the kitchen , dodging around the counter .
tr	PAST	The rock plopped at floor level .
tr	PAST	Black 's comments , even on an average traffic stop , painted him as the only rational , " normal " individual involved .
tr	PAST	Ohara signalled to the bartender , who nodded and immediately went to work on the drinks .
tr	PAST	He caressed her cheek and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied .
tr	PAST	The beaded silk garment shimmied down my body , catching on my hips .
tr	PRES	I had some sense before I met you , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Nobody remembers its name , or that it ever existed .
tr	PAST	The edges of the hole glowed with white plasma .
tr	PRES	But even he sees how ridiculous this would sound , especially since they 've sent him away to think of things other than work .
tr	PRES	The beasts provide their own security . "
tr	PAST	Gerald was being chased .
tr	PAST	She slapped away his hands and leaned down to look him in the eye .
tr	PAST	After he caught his breath , he withdrew from her and stood , heading for what appeared to be the bathroom .
tr	PRES	I realized we were moving , our bodies subtly rocking .
tr	PRES	Each day begins in the morning when the sun sets off in the east .
tr	PAST	" No , " Pope exclaimed , his voice deepening severely .
tr	PRES	Everyone we 've talked to describes how she treated you from the day you arrived .
tr	PAST	I squinted to one side and saw Murphy sitting slowly back up .
tr	PRES	" She gifted to someone else . "
tr	PAST	You acted like it was no big deal .
tr	PAST	He tickled Noelle 's chin and she gurgled back , which made him laugh .
tr	PRES	Around the corner on an intersecting street . "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this much nicer ? "
tr	PRES	On the other side of the door , she hears someone stir .
tr	PRES	" Not that shade .
tr	PRES	I wipe at my tears and rip the page out of my notebook .
tr	PAST	He clasped Roberto 's hand in a fatherly gesture .
tr	PAST	Rage swirled and tore at Valerie 's chest , and she shot fire from her eyes as she met his gaze .
tr	PRES	In addition , Sarah draws on power that has been untapped for years , thanks to her broken bloodline .
tr	PRES	Whenever something is coming for you , snap its neck or double tap .
tr	PRES	" I saw your car here , jackass .
tr	PAST	I cringed without realizing it , until nothing immediately came flying at me .
tr	PRES	He strokes my cheek with his finger .
tr	PAST	Paige scampered up , breaking our collective trance .
tr	PRES	" If it meant destroying the ghost ? "
tr	PAST	The weed had circled .
tr	PRES	Love always , Katherine I fold the letter up and blink back tears as I hand it back to my grandmother .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be fine , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Not over this roar , not if I don 't shout in my Noise . "
tr	PAST	Sparks floated upwards threatening to set fire to the mountains of books .
tr	PAST	He lightened again with the next blink , motioning towards the table .
tr	PRES	" No argument there . "
tr	PRES	" Commander Greene , " he says , then launches into a series of orders .
tr	PRES	" Reed - " " Enough . "
tr	PRES	" Were you singing ? "
tr	PRES	" My car only fits two people .
tr	PAST	Mairi gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	With forty yards between them , Dunk spurred Thunder to a gallop and aimed the point of his lance squarely at the silver snail .
tr	PRES	" She hates that a boy all the girls seem to have a crush on is talking to me . "
tr	PAST	I bounced on my toes trying to keep the blood from icing up in them .
tr	PAST	She dealt with the bureaucrats on the Hill all the time .
tr	PRES	Let 's go , eh . "
tr	PAST	In the end , awkward , I thanked her and prevailed upon them to bring me stationery .
tr	PRES	He tries the truck radio .
tr	PRES	" I know , Becks .
tr	PAST	A voice boomed from a loudspeaker .
tr	PRES	He hugs me and says , " You are right on time , Kobi .
tr	PRES	" Go ahead , " Lisa tries to say , but her voice trails off and is indecipherable .
tr	PAST	" Mail call , " the guy hollered , opening the slot in the door and dropping in an envelope .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and considered .
tr	PRES	I crack an eye open , shielding it from the afterglow of the flash bomb with my hand .
tr	PRES	An irritated blond man flashes onto the vid screen above the double doors .
tr	PAST	Zeke didn 't hesitate back then , we trusted each other .
tr	PAST	The water churned with silt and bubbles from the battering waves above .
tr	PRES	" Their judgment belongs to the Lord : my answer to their crimes will be to return to my fellows with the word of God .
tr	PAST	The hair on the back of her neck pricked but Jo kept her pace steady and her eyes straight ahead .
tr	PRES	He pul ed her back a bit more and she felt his c * ck nudge against her .
tr	PRES	Evan rises to his feet .
tr	PRES	" Which cities ? "
tr	PAST	And Paolo never sought to be alone with Sally .
tr	PRES	She stands and backs down the steps of the porch .
tr	PRES	" But the wisdom of the heart .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , Your Lordship . "
tr	PRES	He lets you put me on the nags and the leftovers and you take the best for yourself .
tr	PRES	" What about Jasmine ? "
tr	PRES	When our fingers brush , a sparkling flash of warmth instantly relaxes me .
tr	PRES	Noah stands up and offers me his hand .
tr	PRES	" You seem to know a little something , there Wallace . "
tr	PAST	With her permission my mother prevailed on his rustic guardians to yield their charge to him .
tr	PAST	She opted for the latter .
tr	PRES	The odd-looking mechanism pops into the ground with a loud click as the boy squeezes his eyes shut , waiting for the armor to angrily awaken .
tr	PRES	' Well , what else Carey ?
tr	PAST	He stayed with her every step of the way , his pace measured as he helped her toward the house .
tr	PAST	Rick acted like I didn 't understand who was sharing the images .
tr	PRES	Her tongue swirled around the head , her mouth pulsing with a gentle suction , her fingertips kneading the clenching cheeks of his buttocks .
tr	PRES	Stars shone brightly overhead .
tr	PAST	" He treated his last wife kindly , and all she did was complain .
tr	PAST	He claimed to be Wesley Boss , but some of the things he said reminded her of Malcolm , so she gave me a call .
tr	PAST	An osprey flapped away from its perch .
tr	PAST	More than anything else , she feared that something might attack Jacques while she was away .
tr	PRES	" Listen to you talking like that , " she teased him .
tr	PRES	' Not a dime . '
tr	PAST	She hooked her finger in the collar of his shirt and tugged down .
tr	PAST	Her brain conjured up the words I 'm fine and It doesn 't matter , but she couldn 't say them .
tr	PAST	Warmth engulfed her and with it , a feeling of pure love .
tr	PAST	She coasted to a halt and put the stick in neutral and buzzed her window down .
tr	PRES	" Please lay down your weapon , brother , " I begged .
tr	PAST	Rome sniffed the air and lifted her head .
tr	PAST	Link stuffed the envelope in his pocket .
tr	PRES	She was pushing aside his clothing , her hands finding the hard length of him , fingertips dancing and teasing , making intimate promises to him .
tr	PRES	" The Serpent 's Mark gave me the lovely gift of making you think snakes were crawling all over you , " he explains with hilarity .
tr	PRES	The smile falls from my face .
tr	PRES	She shudders with the memory .
tr	PAST	" That 's more like it , " he crowed , grabbing me in a headlock and ruffling my own hair .
tr	PAST	Jared hauled with arms and pulled himself up and in .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed while looking over at Shannon in shock .
tr	PRES	And if Hephaestus meant it when he said he 'd be there for us always , no matter what - " Aphrodite ? "
tr	PAST	Their scorched earth policy also extended to outsiders , and especially to people of different faith .
tr	PAST	Fae women who did like children often stole them from humans , rather than bearing their own , raising them to be their doting little slaves .
tr	PAST	" That 's what my instructions claim , " she defended .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and hung up , eager to get back to Emma and our plans .
tr	PAST	He created a damp path down the side of her neck and up to her ear , where he paused and nibbled the lobe with his teeth .
tr	PAST	Junior belted out a hungry roar .
tr	PRES	The sea urchin 's sting kills a lot of people each year .
tr	PRES	The doors hiss open , hinting at the delicious warmth awaiting us within .
tr	PAST	He treated her like crap !
tr	PAST	Although Tench 's logic did make sense , Gabrielle still doubted the allegations .
tr	PRES	I fold my hands together out in front of me on the table .
tr	PAST	The word everything busted into his brain at the exact moment that the old backstage video clicked back on .
tr	PAST	He prayed out loud .
tr	PRES	Harry loves this garden , and the house , too .
tr	PRES	Jared scoffed , rol ing his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Maybe one cow and a calf each year for the freezer . "
tr	PAST	The world exploded in light .
tr	PAST	Chapter Twenty Legion I bolted for the top of the stairs , shoving the altar out of the way .
tr	PAST	So his fingers hooked into that tempting lace , pulling it down her legs and tossing it to the side .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 " I 'm not scared of you , loser , " stated Brad , hissing with venom .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head toward the house .
tr	PRES	Officers swarm the place and pull fellows off the ladders .
tr	PRES	" Who hates him ? "
tr	PRES	Micha glances at me and there 's a tease in his tone .
tr	PAST	I 've sensed Jalal developing ... misconceptions about you .
tr	PRES	The thought of their face , the scent of their skin brings a light to that darkness so bright that it drives out everything else . "
tr	PRES	" What about the actual Shields ? "
tr	PAST	He sniffed in a way that suggested the odor of rotten meat that undercut the scent of all vampires .
tr	PRES	Anyway , welcome to the team , Grady .
tr	PRES	She stares down the hal way ; her face is a shadow of concern and sadness .
tr	PRES	Physically , mentally and in durability .
tr	PAST	I crawled across the floor to the door and unlocked it .
tr	PAST	" As if I need explain myself to you , " Cronus scoffed .
tr	PRES	" Are you all right , lass ? "
tr	PRES	I almost lean over to hug him and then realize how weird it is because it doesn 't freak me out .
tr	PAST	The laptop bounced off the carpet .
tr	PAST	Viper gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Gregor stripped off Boots 's damp clothes and put on a fresh set .
tr	PAST	Rush 's frown deepened .
tr	PRES	" Unless you 've caught the person who 's responsible , it affects everyone , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	" Okay ... " Logan mumbled , his eyes fluttering open before sliding shut again .
tr	PRES	A slice of peanut butter toast lies on a towel .
tr	PAST	The Lady withdrew within herself as she considered .
tr	PAST	Sebastian 's insides coiled with repressed violence , and his hand slid to the blade strapped to his thigh .
tr	PAST	Josie thanked the coroner , wishing they could let the jury go home with nothing more than memories of what had been said here .
tr	PRES	When suddenly he stops moving his fingers and brings his free hand to my hair .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	He alighted and ran to the sergeant .
tr	PAST	I dialed my home number .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , Becks .
tr	PAST	He eyed the man suspiciously .
tr	PRES	" You seem uneasy , " Navi points out , continuing to ridicule the man .
tr	PAST	Caleb flung the doors wide and stomped after him , a man on a mission with thunder in his eyes .
tr	PRES	That look of pride flashes across my dad 's face again .
tr	PAST	Joanna sensed the opposite of malice .
tr	PAST	I smacked him on the back and then shoved him for good measure .
tr	PAST	Jaxon attempted to bring the gun around to point at him .
tr	PAST	What prevented someone from eating half the cake and keeping the other half ?
tr	PRES	A twisting fist of shadows slams into her right arm , snapping it at the elbow .
tr	PRES	No , teach me . '
tr	PRES	She lets out a moan and I feel her legs start to move around me .
tr	PAST	His expression sobered when he looked around the room .
tr	PAST	He just trudged toward the building .
tr	PRES	" Barracks to Captain Drake , " Lisa begins , trying to desperately stop thinking so deeply about what is happening .
tr	PAST	" This could get expensive , " Patrick persisted .
tr	PRES	He points down the road to the other car that dumped him and left .
tr	PAST	" You crazy woman , " he chided .
tr	PRES	Rex winks as he points to an empty room across the hall .
tr	PAST	As Jeremiah waited , he rummaged through his suit pants pockets , pulling out receipts and other little slips of paper .
tr	PAST	They crawled under the tree .
tr	PAST	Or that Bob stole the rifle .
tr	PAST	His bright blue jacket weaved through the trees , getting smaller and darker .
tr	PRES	" Talk to him , " he murmurs , standing at the door .
tr	PAST	The blank look on her face at supper troubled him .
tr	PAST	I handled this all so badly .
tr	PAST	Bobby stares at me for a moment , obviously trying not to smile .
tr	PRES	" Good afternoon Joey .
tr	PRES	' Yeah , just a little sleepy .
tr	PAST	His mind floated to thoughts of April .
tr	PAST	She hooked a line to a safety grip , metal sliding against metal .
tr	PAST	" Sit down , sit down , " she instructed Olivia .
tr	PAST	" He 's as crazy as my dad , " Doug marveled .
tr	PAST	But not an actual eye -- more like a really stylized tattoo sketched all in black , except for the iris , which was deep gold . "
tr	PAST	The fright of the sudden stop jolted Janice back from her inebriated state .
tr	PRES	Push the ticket under the door . "
tr	PAST	He stiffened his fingers and slid them free of her grasp .
tr	PAST	They represented ' the people ' and that meant they were simple folk unadorned by advanced degrees .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , rising to my feet again .
tr	PAST	Cassie inhaled sharply ; she found the brutal picture he was painting extremely disturbing .
tr	PAST	' Have you reported it ? '
tr	PAST	When she heard Boone 's massive shoulder connect with the wooden entrance , she busted through the front door .
tr	PRES	As I walk up the front steps , an evil plan suddenly begins to form in my mind .
tr	PRES	" I assume you can tell me more of this break-in ? "
tr	PRES	When my turn comes , he removes his gloves and wipes his hands over his tracksuit bottoms .
tr	PRES	He shone his flashlight in my face , then lowered the beam .
tr	PAST	" Leave her alone , you son of a bitch , " Jonas rasped .
tr	PAST	Jagger ' s crew inched closer , hovering around me like a flock of vultures .
tr	PRES	Ever since he was a boy he 'd kept matches in his back packet , a habit his father had taught him .
tr	PAST	But I described the local flowers here and in my garden , and Mags guessed what would be coming up at the community place .
tr	PRES	He brings me fashion magazines and we discuss them . "
tr	PRES	He presses another kiss against my forehead but I 'm numb , blindsided by his words .
tr	PAST	I slapped it from Galen 's hand .
tr	PRES	And it terrifies me .
tr	PAST	His brown hand still clutched the hilt of a broken sword .
tr	PAST	Then he withdrew himself from the Matrix .
tr	PRES	My breath hitches in my throat as he begins to thrust into me , and I feel a single tear roll down the side of my face .
tr	PAST	Leaving the blind over the window , he smashed a pane of glass , then leant close and shouted at the humans below .
tr	PAST	Once a Stygian galley , fleeing from me , fled up the river and vanished .
tr	PAST	Helen knew she should close her eyes but she watched , mesmerized as his head descended toward hers , his mouth moving slowly , painfully slowly .
tr	PAST	" Remember she will never feel a thing , " Max reassured .
tr	PAST	She crawled to an opening through one of her sleeves .
tr	PAST	He actually preferred Gina without makeup .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me more and more that I just am not the same person I used to be .
tr	PRES	Dad slams around the barn for a few more minutes while I feed Tequila a carrot .
tr	PAST	Mike unfolded the bills .
tr	PRES	" Well , then sweetheart , who am I to stop you ? "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and tried to concentrate harder .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand and clasped Bock by the elbow as they shook .
tr	PAST	Booker downed one piece of bacon and then the other .
tr	PRES	His gaze remains fixed to the structure .
tr	PRES	It talks about all sorts of history , like the curse ... " Her voice trailed off and she stared down at the bed .
tr	PRES	" Or email , or even just text . "
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	A comfortable silence wraps itself around us .
tr	PAST	Ev propped a chair at an angle under the door knob and flipped the open sign to closed .
tr	PAST	Power exploded out of me .
tr	PRES	Carolina stands and narrows her eyes at him .
tr	PAST	He cringed at the high pitch of her voice .
tr	PRES	He points to me and strums at the air like he 's playing a guitar .
tr	PRES	' What kangaroo ? '
tr	PAST	Her aquamarine blue eyes twinkled , and she shook her head in humor .
tr	PAST	He padded into the green metal room like a cat , despite being weighted down with what looked like enough weaponry to outfit a platoon .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and grabs two tall shot glasses from the eight that are circling the middle of the table .
tr	PAST	Jared tugged on my hand .
tr	PAST	She collapsed against my good shoulder and I let myself fall back against the mattress .
tr	PRES	The door opens to reveal Mr. Wick , the school counselor , and a student behind him .
tr	PAST	Grasping his hand , she steered him toward the sofa .
tr	PRES	Without another word , he grasps me tighter to his chest as he picks up our pace .
tr	PRES	" And do not presume to dictate to me , Cain .
tr	PRES	" What occurs after final termination ? "
tr	PAST	The sounds of the charcoal scratching against its rough surface lent a gravity to his words somehow .
tr	PRES	" Last chance , pet , " he warned , his voice a low rumble .
tr	PAST	A slow smile curved his sculpted mouth , enhancing his sensual black magic .
tr	PRES	She senses the danger and hears him call out to her !
tr	PAST	" Nice , " I laughed , tip toeing across the gravel so that the stones wouldn 't trip up my three inch heels . .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my elbow out of his hand , and before he can grab me again , I step up onto the windowsill .
tr	PRES	" For crying out loud , Kat .
tr	PAST	She mumbled a few words and water gushed out of her own palms , extinguishing the fire .
tr	PAST	He prowled quietly forward along the veranda .
tr	PRES	I shout into the phone as I head out of the lobby .
tr	PRES	Bobby glances quickly at me .
tr	PRES	" No , no Your Highness .
tr	PAST	Although his eyes watered and burned from the horrid stench , the bearded hunter 's anger spurred him on .
tr	PRES	He opens the door , letting the sounds of the night slip in .
tr	PAST	" You 're staying too , " the lord of the manor stated .
tr	PRES	Della stops crying again to admit she has a key to Angela 's home .
tr	PRES	" And your accent is ... different . "
tr	PAST	In a last ditch effort I crawled for the door , hoping against hope that the demon was confined to my room .
tr	PRES	" Just let me go , Farooq .
tr	PRES	" Now , Ma .
tr	PAST	' Yeah , ' Sara scoffed .
tr	PAST	After closing the lid , he willed himself to his lair in Gatlinburg .
tr	PAST	Reinhard sensed an urgency in Rayford 's voice that he must not have found in his other clients , because he quickly backed down .
tr	PRES	Florence stands and casts a sympathetic look over me .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	He suckled one breast while his thumb stroked the nipple of the other .
tr	PAST	Rome acted just as bad .
tr	PRES	I wipe at my eyes and realize that they are covered in goop .
tr	PAST	My cell phone buzzed .
tr	PRES	" Good intentions . "
tr	PRES	Make yourselves comfortable " he chuckles , then turns back to his computer .
tr	PAST	When his eyes settled on me , the sorrow behind them rendered me speechless .
tr	PAST	He collected a few and stuffed them into his pockets as he walked .
tr	PRES	* " Natalie . "
tr	PRES	Your heart bleeds no more than mine does .
tr	PRES	" I ... um ... yeah ... um ... " " Savannah it 's okay .
tr	PAST	I slapped my steering wheel again , feeling it sting my hand .
tr	PAST	Pushing Jared behind him he barged into it and the magnetic security seal cracked loudly .
tr	PRES	His long finger , gently strokes the red light and he appears lost in some distant thought .
tr	PAST	" Sure , Miss Kristy , " Delia chimed as she walked around the corner with a cheerful smile .
tr	PAST	She giggled as she ran her hands along the bulge in his jeans .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through the Egyptian cotton sheets for her cell phone .
tr	PAST	I stole it , so I get to ride in it . "
tr	PRES	" You compare me to her ? "
tr	PRES	The woman reaches for her .
tr	PAST	By the evening of the second day , Jared 's phone buzzed .
tr	PAST	Bowe stormed to the cabin , tearing down the now locked door .
tr	PRES	My body throbs with lingering pain .
tr	PAST	Becky stares down at my hand on her arm .
tr	PRES	Her dark brown hair shone brightly , as did her silver dress under the lights .
tr	PAST	a voice boomed across the garden .
tr	PRES	" Now what brings you here ?
tr	PRES	My head falls back against the cot ; shadows overtake me .
tr	PRES	Uriel begins to observe the area .
tr	PAST	" Except when you don 't , " Allegra persisted .
tr	PRES	And how much I want to kiss u , over and over again .
tr	PRES	Despite his painful progress , Corr 's ears prick to the sea .
tr	PAST	I squinted an eye at Ashley .
tr	PAST	Surprised , I fidgeted , my fingers sliding off my dad 's arm .
tr	PRES	" Mia , " she sighs .
tr	PRES	" Can we just swing by my apartment , so I can get clothes for tomorrow ? "
tr	PRES	The police officer talks into his shoulder unit and gestures to Isaiah .
tr	PRES	" What about the hot chocolate ? "
tr	PRES	He whispers as if we 're in a conspiracy together .
tr	PRES	She offers me a quick smile before looking away , blushing for no apparent reason .
tr	PRES	" Officer Candidate School ?
tr	PRES	The burn helps me to remember why I am here .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Spence .
tr	PRES	No more attempts to wear down her defenses .
tr	PAST	His canines extended and his eyes flashed dangerously at Declan 's taunting .
tr	PAST	He slapped down a boy with nothing but a look when that boy tried to bully the one girl who got brave enough to approach the table .
tr	PAST	Her doorbell chimed and she turned to glare at it .
tr	PRES	He considers Friend to be a victim of some kind already .
tr	PAST	Her dad had lied .
tr	PAST	He swooped from the room in a blur .
tr	PAST	The organ of sight twinkled menacingly from the shaded depths all the same .
tr	PAST	" Oh , yeah , you do , " he crooned in a darkly seductive voice .
tr	PAST	Roth tugged me forward .
tr	PAST	" A simple yes would suit me , " Cole urged warmly .
tr	PRES	Can you teach me ? "
tr	PAST	Maddy cocked her head to one side and said , " My father said there is a reason Aunt Patrice is as bitter as she is .
tr	PRES	He stands still , but he jerks his head as if trying to rid himself of a fly .
tr	PAST	He destroyed everything he touched , and yet he desperately wanted to stay with her .
tr	PRES	When the overhead light flickers to life , the breath I didn 't realize I was holding slowly seeps through my lips .
tr	PRES	Mantra 's echo like voice said .
tr	PAST	Though without Joyce ... ' Her voice wavered uncertainly .
tr	PRES	" Liar , liar , liar . "
tr	PRES	" Gentlemen , these natives have canoes and they are coming out to meet us .
tr	PAST	She crouched there a minute , breathing shallowly , then she crawled toward the bathroom .
tr	PRES	" I only need it temporarily , " soothing the cries of the squeamish Scarborough .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the counter for an ashtray near the sink .
tr	PRES	Sander yawns pointing in the direction of a ship that is heading straight at them .
tr	PRES	" I assume we 're going out the back way ? "
tr	PAST	Liam gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	It stole Ty 's breath and he couldn 't look away .
tr	PRES	He stands , peering south toward the road .
tr	PAST	I destroyed the perfect image they had of me .
tr	PAST	Kimberley 's tongue sometimes acted faster than her mind .
tr	PRES	You always strive to do something extra .
tr	PAST	Though his struggle with the monster prevented him from replying .
tr	PRES	You and I belong together .
tr	PRES	Her whole body begins to shake .
tr	PAST	I abandoned him when he was in danger . "
tr	PRES	The elevator door opens just as I turn to run , but the two big guys block my escape .
tr	PRES	Do you want to join me , Dolores ? "
tr	PAST	She adjusted her sunglasses and leaned forward on her elbows .
tr	PRES	She remembers how she erred when she was dumped .
tr	PRES	" And signal the fleet .
tr	PRES	He tries grabbing at me and Janelle 's already on her feet .
tr	PRES	' Er ... like , Eat a Better Pie ? '
tr	PRES	My father eases me to the ground as I begin to slip that direction and turns away to conceal his pain .
tr	PRES	Finally , he lets go and the body stills .
tr	PRES	The whites of his eyes illuminate in jags like a mirror reflecting the sun .
tr	PRES	" Thirty yards . "
tr	PAST	All those names , people , and places melded together in his mind as he read making each one look just like the one before .
tr	PRES	" I belong to no one ! "
tr	PRES	" Three soft tacos with rice and beans , and a papaya mango smoothie , " Doug announces his choice , and the waitress nods and withdraws .
tr	PRES	Emma hit her fists against her thighs in frustration , her nails digging into her palms .
tr	PRES	He hears an infinitesimal drone .
tr	PRES	" Holy shit , Brand , " she breathes .
tr	PRES	He glances around and then back at me , a smile creeps onto his lips .
tr	PAST	She rummaged in her coat pocket and pulled out a small coin , on which Akiva glimpsed Brimstone 's likeness .
tr	PAST	An ominous grin unfolded across his face .
tr	PRES	A little closer than I was comfortable having a strange man stare at me while I was half nak * d. " Sorry about the water .
tr	PAST	He referred to the electronic warfare planes that lead the attack planes into battle .
tr	PAST	He buzzed once more and sat down , grinning like a psychotic piranha .
tr	PRES	" Sir Ralph ? "
tr	PAST	She charged forward like a raging bull and slapped Sakura on the cheek , causing the girl to swing her face to the right .
tr	PRES	" Charming to the last , tis a shame .
tr	PRES	She glides her hand down my arm and places it in mine .
tr	PAST	Usually women only acted like that if they have been hit or beaten by a man .
tr	PAST	Tess limped over to her sister and put her free arm around her .
tr	PAST	Shane 's mom advised .
tr	PRES	Encounter Area 7 Land of Dreams As soon as you bust your way into these chambers a strange vision fills your head .
tr	PAST	Their bodies , once blunt weapons of destruction , had given out , expired .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands together .
tr	PRES	But Daddy holds my future in his hands .
tr	PAST	Then Yvan tapped my shoulder and said , " Got your spirit back , now ? "
tr	PAST	Deb 's mother provided an explanation in the diary .
tr	PAST	Anxiety washed over me .
tr	PAST	" Solomon , " he countered , the water at his lips .
tr	PRES	He loves spoiling you .
tr	PRES	" And without worrying about collateral damage .
tr	PRES	He freaked when he saw my eyes were blue .
tr	PRES	Quite a bit of personal and extra security measures .
tr	PAST	Justus wept , tears overflowing , releasing a lifetime of pent-up grief .
tr	PAST	Jax 's hand clasped around mine tightly .
tr	PAST	" Well , if you didn 't notice , then I 'm definitely not going to tell you , " he joked .
tr	PRES	To keep the population down , explains the blond man , whose name is Louis .
tr	PRES	" He sees through everything . "
tr	PAST	Riley 's frown deepened .
tr	PAST	" The wire hadn 't come in yet , " I lied .
tr	PRES	The girl slides her finger over the black lines outlining the colored areas , then passes to an ochre zone .
tr	PAST	He exhaled cautiously , not wanting to do anything that might arouse the sentry 's attention again .
tr	PRES	I don 't understand the kind of guilt Jared carries over his mother .
tr	PAST	The stone glowed and pulsed with an unnatural light , sending waves of power throughout the room .
tr	PRES	He just likes being reelected . "
tr	PAST	She trusted him to work on her ship , which spoke volumes about how much she respected and believed in him .
tr	PRES	He stops a few feet short of our goal .
tr	PRES	" My hero ! "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side .
tr	PRES	" Three tries . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Sixteen Sarah awoke with a start , her heart racing .
tr	PRES	He lies in bed like a prince on his tomb .
tr	PRES	But of course , nothing changes .
tr	PAST	Quinn motioned Tanner forward with the gun before jabbing it back into Kathleen 's side .
tr	PAST	You countered with I met someone .
tr	PRES	Her long dark bangs hooded equally dark eyes .
tr	PAST	He flicked the switch on the dome lamp between his knees .
tr	PAST	He pondered that for a moment .
tr	PRES	Mariam grasps Serena 's arm .
tr	PAST	Brielle laughs as she takes a seat , her hand stuffed with a giant wad of tissue .
tr	PAST	As planned , the wagons slowed to a more leisurely pace .
tr	PRES	She likes to feel needed .
tr	PRES	" Fine , no needles .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	She unfolded the piece of paper and read it : Do you want to go to the movies tonight ?
tr	PAST	Gently scratching , rubbing , petting .
tr	PRES	" Not personally , but all Carpathians share knowledge .
tr	PAST	Jacob stuffed his hands in his jean pockets , looking so tall and strong .
tr	PRES	She holds out her hand for her bag .
tr	PRES	He climbs out and holds his hand out for me .
tr	PRES	As soon as he 's back , Julia 's attention returns to him , and he feels all right again .
tr	PAST	" For a while , after that meeting , the bloodshed ceased , but it didn 't last .
tr	PAST	Wrath exploded into a frenzy of activity , pacing the prison of Aeron 's mind , drooling with anticipation .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's gaze flicked from Connor , to Lindsey , to me , and his expression blanked .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Antal .
tr	PRES	In my time , biosynthetic integration has been a proven science for hundreds of years , " Doctor Hartman states softly and patiently .
tr	PAST	The dining hall 's furnishings rivaled those of any upscale restaurant in any major city .
tr	PRES	" She hates humans .
tr	PAST	Deciding to confront him , I sped up to him just before he could reach the bathroom .
tr	PAST	The disguised drake eyed his conspecifics , who suddenly took on a visage similar to their companion .
tr	PRES	His breath stank of whiskey .
tr	PAST	You up for four movies today ? "
tr	PAST	I would never hurt you , " I crooned , waiting for the hypnotic trance to kick in .
tr	PAST	Two minutes later , Nate emerged from the bathroom , dressed perfectly , as usual .
tr	PRES	Listening helps a lot . "
tr	PAST	I dreamed about growling animals that night : they were all around me in the fog , and I was scared .
tr	PAST	He neared her and said , " You see Natalia ? "
tr	PAST	Abruptly it froze in the middle of its silent agony , then it dissolved into thin air .
tr	PAST	I clasped his cheeks and kissed him again , sliding my tongue inside his hot , waiting mouth , but it didn 't last long .
tr	PRES	Her skin shone silvery , almost translucent in the feeble light from a tiny lamp at her bedside .
tr	PAST	He motioned the children to hang back , to be ready to bolt and hide among the debris if necessary .
tr	PRES	" Pewter drag ? "
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PRES	It opens into a small ante room housing two other doors .
tr	PRES	It creeps me out . "
tr	PRES	" She blames herself for Sebastian 's existence . "
tr	PAST	The forest writhed in the dark .
tr	PRES	She glances at me out of the corner of her .
tr	PRES	What if someone recognizes you , Andy ?
tr	PAST	" Oh no , " she panicked .
tr	PAST	Without a sound she leaped out of sight and hid her invisible body behind the trunk of a tree .
tr	PAST	With a snap the cicada transformed , the pointed cap rising up , arms and legs sprouting from nowhere .
tr	PRES	" You practicing saying those words ? "
tr	PRES	It helps that I can concentrate without the snickers and stares that had become my life on campus in Illinois .
tr	PAST	I exited the small utility room and took a closer look at the cells surrounding me in the male dungeon .
tr	PRES	" Is Elaine here ? "
tr	PAST	Willis conducted some experiments and concluded that the crystals had phenomenal potential .
tr	PAST	The voices of all the campers and their parents bounced around the huge room and echoed down from the rafters .
tr	PRES	The door opens , swinging wide .
tr	PRES	" Well , I didn 't come out here just to see you , Aiden , " Izzy teased .
tr	PAST	Then without warning he unleashed a punch that took Rock in the gut and knocked the wind from him .
tr	PAST	Dante collapsed on top of her and she cuddled him in her arms .
tr	PRES	He loves to go for walks .
tr	PRES	" Not a scratch . "
tr	PAST	Tara 's hand clutched Lizzy 's as she strained with the effort to bring her child into the world .
tr	PAST	" Good , " he rumbled , leaning down and burying his face in the crook of her neck in a surprisingly tender move .
tr	PRES	She pushes against me .
tr	PAST	Adam and Paul eyed Rick with suspicion .
tr	PRES	" Oh god ... " I whispered , as he casually brought a hand to my cheek and pulled me in for a kiss .
tr	PRES	" Right then " he said , " Brand New Cadillac .
tr	PAST	Pigeon exclaimed in hungry disbelief .
tr	PAST	They divided up their records and books amicably .
tr	PAST	He berated himself for not having the business sense to keep his saddle .
tr	PRES	" So , no more of this nonsense about being forced on me .
tr	PRES	" And so it begins . "
tr	PAST	He crisscrossed the lanes and made a point of staying perpendicular with the bus .
tr	PAST	" Priestess ... " His eyes glazed .
tr	PAST	Then he trod on something that moved .
tr	PAST	Whispering his name , I sought to deepen the contact , to take his delightful tongue into my mouth and kiss him until forever .
tr	PRES	Her name pulses with the pain radiating through my body in waves .
tr	PRES	He chuckles on the other end of the line ' I told Trevor I loved him during his grandmother 's funeral . '
tr	PAST	Darcy squinted , - the sunshine bouncing off the road surface was a little too bright .
tr	PRES	Blythe holds my COMM device while I slide it on and we proceed from the room together .
tr	PRES	I hesitate and then shrug .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry about the misunderstanding , " he evaded .
tr	PAST	" Hold me , " he advised her and she did .
tr	PRES	" You drag it there yourselves ?
tr	PAST	" No , son , no word at all , " lied Myron Lawless .
tr	PRES	' Those men exist .
tr	PRES	" If you charge maybe $ 10,000 per guest for 50 guests , you take in half a million right there , " he presses it .
tr	PRES	But they will , " I reassure her .
tr	PAST	She 's lying face-up , her long neck exposed .
tr	PRES	" You don 't need to scream anymore , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He exhales , shaking his skull .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you approve of my creations ? "
tr	PRES	" Love you , too , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	When he moved down her body , kissing a path to his goal , she writhed underneath him , her fingers tangling in his hair .
tr	PRES	" Is there something you want , Byron ? "
tr	PRES	The magic only surfaces once a generation .
tr	PRES	The aging rich often surround themselves with antiquated servants .
tr	PRES	May I borrow the brush ? "
tr	PRES	" But Kim ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh ... sorry ... well that explains why you 're wearing sunglasses today . "
tr	PRES	" I pledge to always follow the rules and to take care of my body .
tr	PRES	" This exact one . "
tr	PAST	Carmine eyed him warily , wondering what time it was , but Corrado didn 't elaborate and Carmine knew better than to question him .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't know that it would happen for this reason though , " Shelly stated sadly .
tr	PAST	All I need to do to crush him is expose the crimes he committed . "
tr	PRES	Oh bugger it , now I really am in trouble . '
tr	PAST	A bright , full moon emerged above the horizon into a cloudless sky .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want you shooting me up the ass , you moron . "
tr	PRES	A tear drips down my cheek .
tr	PAST	He hugs me , claws cradling my shoulders .
tr	PAST	A look of regret washed over her face .
tr	PRES	We estimate at least six hundred eighty-five deaths of children , ranging from preteen to early twenties , and those are the ones we can confirm .
tr	PAST	Stuart stole a glance at his partner sitting next to him .
tr	PAST	Geese , Kinsey thought , people acted like the Anderson 's were royalty .
tr	PAST	Gloria cringed in embarrassment .
tr	PRES	" You pig ! "
tr	PRES	He glances at Janette .
tr	PAST	Aristotle eyed the board .
tr	PRES	I arc my burger wrapper into a trashcan a few feet away .
tr	PRES	I assume that you 've handled things on your end ? "
tr	PAST	The glass lantern shattered as it struck , casting oil throughout the corridor , which quickly caught light , engulfing the area in flames .
tr	PRES	He stops and tugs at me gently .
tr	PAST	His mind blackened for several heartbeats , a dark shroud covering every corner .
tr	PRES	" Right , your new family offers protection , so at this point , the ball 's kind of in your court .
tr	PRES	He loves his toys .
tr	PRES	She lets a breath out .
tr	PAST	James 's voice floated toward me and wound its way through what was left of my heart .
tr	PAST	In my chest , the bubble of hope shrank .
tr	PRES	And she carries a tremendous amount of weight with not only this firm , but many other potential clients .
tr	PAST	I motioned to the register asking , " Shall we ? "
tr	PAST	" If you weren 't like a brother to her , I 'd kill you right now just for enjoying it , " Rourke rumbled .
tr	PAST	He tugged her closer and embraced her within gentle arms .
tr	PRES	I shove him a little .
tr	PRES	I tuned them out .
tr	PRES	Lieutenant Tasker proceeds to quiz me about the aspect of the mission with which I have been charged .
tr	PAST	Her words wavered , like she was barely hanging on to the urge to turn and flee .
tr	PAST	She chanced a look in his direction but his expression was impassive .
tr	PAST	" We could leave him here , " Herr 'D on mused , rubbing his beard and biting his lip .
tr	PAST	Anyway , since we skipped over it before , good evening , Sentinel . "
tr	PRES	He stares out over the landscape , and then he looks back to me , a hint of a smile on his lips .
tr	PAST	I exhaled slowly and sank back into the seat as she pulled out of my drive .
tr	PRES	" This Alec ? "
tr	PAST	He had risked his life for hers ; he had sacrificed himself for her .
tr	PAST	" The sergeant reported that the leg was uninjured , sir .
tr	PAST	" We protected him with warding .
tr	PAST	Had Fanny Mae lied ?
tr	PAST	Her chest clutched at his dismissive , caustic tone .
tr	PRES	" Mia , relax you are going to hurt him .
tr	PRES	She eased herself up , the book resting atop her belly .
tr	PAST	Jane dumped her potato mess in the scrap bucket .
tr	PRES	" Let 's just assume ... " Lisa shuddered , burrowing her head in my neck . "
tr	PRES	" Not the same as the bastards who made Shifters . "
tr	PRES	She glances around at the yard , the front door , the garage , pretty much everywhere but at him .
tr	PRES	At least tonight the atmosphere matches my mood .
tr	PRES	Most people fumble through young adulthood with idiots of equal age and naivete .
tr	PAST	Elaine 's red painted mouth curved in a smile .
tr	PAST	He clutched his stomach , eyes wide .
tr	PAST	I panicked for a second .
tr	PRES	She watched the shapes roll and settle , their stony surfaces gathering a film of soft yellow dust .
tr	PRES	" Just a great fuck ?
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder as I gain on him , lifting his knees higher and pumping his arms harder with every stride .
tr	PAST	Lloyd 's boots reappeared beneath my bouncing head .
tr	PRES	She holds her pose for a few seconds , cognizant of the drama about to unfold .
tr	PAST	Rachel scoffed at Rick 's inability to show up on time .
tr	PAST	I squinted , trying to compare letters , sizes , scrawls .
tr	PRES	" Stupid , little creatures , " she mutters under her breath and for a second I kind of like her .
tr	PRES	He did , pul ing her close and gripping her ass .
tr	PRES	My best friend Brielle deserves to know something .
tr	PRES	He wears a tattered blue shirt faded by time with dirt smudges throughout .
tr	PAST	Radiance twirled the staff like it was a baton and he was leading a parade .
tr	PRES	And as much as it is excruciatingly painful , the beast never loses focus ; it never takes its eyes from her .
tr	PRES	" It is my birthday , I heard there was cake , " Doctor Hartman states cryptically , his voice reverberating mechanically .
tr	PRES	My words flow out as the memories wrap around my heart like a blanket .
tr	PRES	She climbs two branches to retrieve the arrow , then she does it all over again with another line of flowers .
tr	PAST	He charged them as they were brought down and would 've gutted them with his knife had I not intervened .
tr	PRES	Della wouldn 't kill me , she loves me ! "
tr	PAST	I exclaimed and hugged him , " I 'm so happy for you ! "
tr	PAST	He replaced his glasses , and looked closely at the photograph .
tr	PRES	That brings us to the next commandment : 2 .
tr	PAST	" I thought so , " she exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Interesting and a bit terrifying .
tr	PAST	Suzy froze , hardly able to believe what her eyes were telling her .
tr	PRES	English spy kills French spy .
tr	PRES	He helps me to my feet , barely able to control the smile on his face and I 'm stunned by the level of my own nervousness .
tr	PRES	" If she can land a punch . "
tr	PRES	She stops at the sunglass booth and drops the bear to the ground .
tr	PAST	She opted for Tatler as it had a very fetching photograph of Princess Margaret on it , and Evie enjoyed looking at pictures of her .
tr	PRES	Soft footfalls pad against the floor somewhere unseen .
tr	PRES	" How about Atlantis ? "
tr	PAST	McBride slapped Ben on the back .
tr	PAST	Julie regarded her with undisguised skepticism .
tr	PAST	In fact , she freaked out more about the size of my house than her initial reaction to my conversion .
tr	PAST	" Just thinking about stuff ... " He clasped his hand around something shiny and sliver and looked up at me .
tr	PAST	Actually , quite a number of scientists have balked at the theory since it was first proposed , but that 's another story .
tr	PRES	The red light flicks on again .
tr	PAST	His eyes linger on my face for a moment , as if he 's reading my thoughts in my expression .
tr	PAST	Pressing the End Call icon , Albert pondered his rapidly growing potential wealth .
tr	PRES	" It means healer , " he explains , urging Galen into a trot .
tr	PRES	So ... go to your room and ... relax .
tr	PRES	She pushes back her dark , curly hair and ties it up with an elastic .
tr	PAST	A weighted sense of expectation replaced the mourning .
tr	PAST	Roman cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	He witnessed the brutal death of his beloved wife , before he , himself , was killed . "
tr	PAST	The tool of Good proceeded to raise a small baton with a flashing red light on the end .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER EIGHT THAT COMMENT HE 'D MADE on the phone about being friends really bothered Caleb .
tr	PRES	The stories originated at the beginnings of time .
tr	PRES	" Don 't make me go , Kane .
tr	PAST	The teenagers eyed it and the air in the room thickened .
tr	PAST	" We might even get them to eat something green , " Jenny joked as she stirred the mixture together .
tr	PRES	Quebec still stands , they say , but the British control more and more land around it .
tr	PRES	He likes making her squirm by using me . "
tr	PAST	" You hooked me when you said ' Grace Kelly . '
tr	PRES	She flicks her red hair to the side and finishes off Rick 's drink .
tr	PRES	His words sounded logical , his smile heartfelt .
tr	PAST	He feared his weight might somehow injure the child .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and Simon retreated .
tr	PAST	The policeman grunted and poked at the surgeon 's handiwork for a moment , then looked back at the priest with a concerned frown .
tr	PAST	Derek elbowed the boy on the right , hard enough that the boy actually stumbled .
tr	PRES	Italian suits , German sports cars , Georgetown real estate , downtown office space , and what was next ?
tr	PRES	From a collision of light on the floor rises a bright form .
tr	PAST	The drums faltered and stopped .
tr	PAST	Once again he thanked that gut feeling , that innate sense , call it what you will .
tr	PRES	You belong here , Selena . "
tr	PAST	The older woman 's words provided the answer .
tr	PRES	He scoots around me and picks up Mia gently by her arms .
tr	PAST	He dared not hope she could ever learn to love him again , learn to trust him again .
tr	PRES	Then he pushes down on the lid with his hand and twists it off .
tr	PRES	She glares at both of them and then her big blue eyes fall on me .
tr	PAST	Lydia ' s earlier attempt to understand teenager angst fled out the door .
tr	PRES	" Fuck you , Gage !
tr	PAST	Spencer fidgeted with the leather tassels on her Coach bucket bag .
tr	PAST	" But it 's only just after ten in the morning and it is a two hour drive , " Liam defended them .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at her .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " Gage whispers directly into my ear .
tr	PRES	John chuckles , catching my joke right away .
tr	PAST	Turning from the heat of his stare , she attempted to straighten her rumpled robe .
tr	PAST	She executed a perfect curtsy , pale hair falling over one shoulder .
tr	PAST	Hoppy virtually skipped along the pier as they returned to the car .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha , very funny .
tr	PAST	Whereabouts you from , Mr. Hank ? "
tr	PAST	A shadow crouched over her , and she recognized Elijah .
tr	PRES	Jonathan enters , lifting me .
tr	PAST	" I stubbed my toe , " she lied .
tr	PRES	" How about dessert ? "
tr	PAST	With his free hand , he dialed his cell phone , speaking to someone and giving them information .
tr	PAST	Graham tugged at the button of his jeans then his zipper .
tr	PRES	He sees me looking at him .
tr	PRES	Oh , yes , her body begged , please touch me all over .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the credit card into the small purse I carried and Merrill hugged me .
tr	PAST	She dove cleanly through the water , coming up on the other side and taking a deep breath .
tr	PRES	" And stop that infernal bobbing , Teri .
tr	PRES	he whispers against my cheek .
tr	PRES	" I try to stick in the mud but I 'm too big to stay , " chuckles Oxbow .
tr	PRES	He just likes to hang out with me . "
tr	PRES	Gabe stops but doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	They 're not going to throw you under the bus , he 's just covering all the bases , " Shay explains .
tr	PRES	The world stops spinning .
tr	PRES	" Pretty sure there 's some translating software on Sandor 's computer , " offers Nine .
tr	PAST	The mist in her eyes glowed in the dimmed light , which Hemp had said might help to calm her and me .
tr	PRES	" Leave me , " Oliver whispered , his face white , the tendons in his neck tight with pain .
tr	PRES	" Does it involve angular momentum ? "
tr	PAST	George twirled the chicken nugget in his fingers , much to the chagrin of the smaller of the aliens , who was biting his nails .
tr	PRES	Panic flashes across her face .
tr	PRES	' Them ' ? "
tr	PRES	No life passes as symbol only , without a purpose behind it .
tr	PRES	Reach in and just rip it out of me because I can 't take it anymore .
tr	PAST	And all thought of anything else fled his mind .
tr	PAST	Over two dozen riders , all split up to attack each party .
tr	PRES	" Cut ' im up ? "
tr	PRES	His eyes narrow for an instant and a thread of suspicion enters his voice .
tr	PRES	She tries to reconcile what he 's saying .
tr	PRES	That explains the gel on his body and clothes .
tr	PAST	Had her father lied to Lucas and deliberately separated them ?
tr	PRES	" I think I 'm going to puke , " Jaden mumbled .
tr	PAST	I rummaged through the box and finally drew out a plastic test tube full of metallic grains .
tr	PRES	Abe reaches to take my hand , as if reading the hesitance in my expression .
tr	PAST	He maneuvers it back a good three feet near the piano .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand over his face , just as she had his brother .
tr	PAST	The desire to stride over and haul her against him battled his control .
tr	PAST	Grace and Olivia squealed with delight and clapped their hands .
tr	PRES	Aunt Tabby hates bats .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , bro .
tr	PAST	My eyes coasted over my surroundings .
tr	PRES	Reeve reaches them before me . "
tr	PAST	She merely stripped down to her bikini and told him she was ready .
tr	PAST	He urged her below a streetlight .
tr	PRES	Everything around me stands still ? "
tr	PRES	So instead of arguing back with my list of valid reasons for postponing marriage , I redirected the conversation .
tr	PRES	" Carmine uses it a lot . "
tr	PAST	The sound of helicopters buzzed in the distance .
tr	PAST	" How many survivors down there ? "
tr	PAST	His low voice rumbled through his body , vibrating against her flesh .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we could get two , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	He sobbed louder , sounding disturbingly like a grief-stricken woman .
tr	PAST	Bethany tipped her head back and giggled .
tr	PAST	Still Willa eyed her closely .
tr	PAST	They treated humans exactly the way humans treat cattle , breeding them for their hearts and livers .
tr	PRES	He only brings pain and shame .
tr	PAST	His thumb caressed her lips and then slid along the small dimple in her chin .
tr	PAST	I mean really defended my honor , even when I didn 't deserve it .
tr	PAST	I shuffled past the short , plump fellow before I broke out laughing .
tr	PAST	Her body convulsed again , arcing , stretching , contorting .
tr	PAST	" General , did you ever find out the owner of the satellite you hacked ? "
tr	PRES	" We belong to two different races , races that hate each other .
tr	PRES	" It 's gone , " she states solemnly .
tr	PAST	He destroyed easily without anger or remorse .
tr	PRES	My mind snaps to full alert right as Sean dips his head and lands his sinful mouth on the perfect spot on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	Serena allows them to lead her away , surprised by how quickly the rest of Society leaves the Great Hall ahead of her .
tr	PRES	After a few minutes , maybe more , he slows down .
tr	PAST	Though the thought to dabble on the side just to relieve his stress had crossed his mind , he never acted on it .
tr	PRES	The front door opens and Adel and Kamil enter the smoke-filled apartment .
tr	PAST	She sensed the change in me but didn 't understand it .
tr	PRES	A kilometer of road passes with nothing but potholes .
tr	PRES	" These are beautiful guns , " Joe exclaimed , " but where can we get cartridges ? "
tr	PRES	He lets go when I turn back around to face him .
tr	PRES	" Mark my word , Guv 'n or , don 't let him go back .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand .
tr	PRES	You belong to me . "
tr	PRES	My pulse speeds up when he looks at me again .
tr	PAST	Joe pretended not to understand but he really did .
tr	PRES	# " Okay , okay , truce ! "
tr	PAST	The tip of his tongue snaked out to lick his lips .
tr	PRES	Big brick building , not many windows , and what windows had been there were broken out three stories up by some local kids with good arms .
tr	PRES	" Can you add me , too ? "
tr	PAST	' I 'll be all right now , ' she claimed , as Johnnie wiped her lips with his bandana .
tr	PAST	Johnny piled the winnings next to it and counted saying , ' That 's the five hundred you gave me to start with . '
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the quick turnaround Greg , not that I know what to do with this information . "
tr	PAST	She thanked him and glanced down the table , noting Sarah 's pleased smile .
tr	PRES	She cried out , her nails raking over his skin .
tr	PRES	Then one day , he hears Rosie sing .
tr	PRES	" Not quite , Sonia .
tr	PAST	Ashley reappeared from the reception area and spoke to the guests who seemed unsure of what they should do next .
tr	PAST	I swiped at my eyes to make sure they were dry .
tr	PRES	" I assume we have intruded into the lair of some demon . "
tr	PRES	Dina holds her fire , too risky now that our bodies are between her and the enemy .
tr	PRES	Turns out , not so much .
tr	PRES	Long way from home , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" You don 't give me a choice , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Opening his mouth in obvious protest , Ruth quickly countered : " Call me " honey " and I swear I 'll physically hurt you . "
tr	PAST	He painted the windows black and made sure they were all blocked from daylight . "
tr	PAST	Claire inhaled deeply and swallowed down the inexplicable urge to weep that swept over her .
tr	PRES	I hiss at him .
tr	PRES	Who suffers from sibling rivalry ?
tr	PAST	Vertigo swirled me around as I realized how long we 'd been in the Bower , but I firmly set the thought aside for later consideration .
tr	PAST	Trajan slapped Ashe on the back when he and Marco came in panting after the run .
tr	PRES	He digs the shovel into the red dirt , scooping up the hard soil .
tr	PRES	" It can be , " I mimic .
tr	PRES	The thing suspended in the jar , scratch , scratch .
tr	PAST	I barely trusted myself to speak but I had no choice .
tr	PAST	I prayed I had done enough to save him .
tr	PAST	" Still within tolerance levels , " Waiter reported , fudging the details slightly .
tr	PRES	' And what do you bring to your team , Love ?
tr	PAST	Chapter Four Evie awoke the following morning to find Peter had gone .
tr	PAST	She advanced cautiously , her bare feet slapping quietly over the cement floor .
tr	PRES	His skins stretches over each pack of muscle , the shadows in the indents between them like a light engraving on his skin .
tr	PRES	My lips twitch as I try not to laugh .
tr	PRES	The fungus uses its host to spread the infection .
tr	PAST	Klaudia 's eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	Her attempts to persuade him finally resulted in a " conditional sentence . "
tr	PRES	The Promised Land stretches from the river of Egypt to the Euphrates River .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around me , embracing me back as she laughs under her breath .
tr	PAST	* * * " This isn 't good , boss , " Trajan phoned Winkler after following Ashe out the door .
tr	PAST	His hand engulfed hers and she felt a charge of something powerful work its way from her fingers up her arm at his touch .
tr	PAST	They cleaned the site so there would be no trace of death only that which had already been brought to this place .
tr	PRES	He glances at me over his shoulder and smiles .
tr	PRES	Turns and faces me .
tr	PAST	Holly eyed her friend with suspicion then nodded .
tr	PAST	He regained enough control to close his eyes , shutting out the tempting sight of her so close .
tr	PRES	" I dyed a paralytic serum purple and switched it out with the death serum .
tr	PRES	Ha , ha , ha ! "
tr	PRES	Marae stands in front of one of the control panels .
tr	PRES	When he can 't stand it anymore , he surfaces and drinks in a gulp of air .
tr	PRES	Hiding myself behind a dumpster , I hiss into nothingness , " No .
tr	PAST	It revealed his true nature , that of a predator .
tr	PAST	Though she had no idea when he 'd stripped out of his sweater and jeans .
tr	PAST	" They might have , " he sobbed .
tr	PRES	Our illusion of disguise shimmers at the edges of my vision .
tr	PAST	I yawned hugely as I wearily followed her .
tr	PAST	Her question puzzled him .
tr	PAST	The closets also proved to be empty -- nobody hiding there .
tr	PRES	Still , nice to see him his old self again . ' '
tr	PRES	Hell , Chase likes to have a good time almost as much as you , but it 's different .
tr	PAST	I stated what I wanted to .
tr	PRES	" So , " Valerie said , turning her gaze on Ronan once more , " what brings you here after such a long absence ? "
tr	PAST	Kennedy attempted a charming grin and jerked his head toward the stand she 'd erected in the front yard .
tr	PAST	He palmed her waist on his way past the SUV for towing the boat and on down the line of family vehicles .
tr	PRES	" She likes you , you know , " Des glances toward the stairs , and I follow his gaze .
tr	PRES	It rises two feet off the ground .
tr	PAST	Students at the front retreated while those at the back pushed forward , meshing into a scrum around the teacher two students deep .
tr	PRES	Bill 's white hair shone in the light of the pendant lamp that hung over the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	" Aren 't we just torturing ourselves ? "
tr	PAST	The ending bothered her .
tr	PRES	" Why you lousy ... " Gordon sputtered angrily .
tr	PAST	He squinted at her , as if that would help him understand what she was saying .
tr	PRES	Melissa loves my cock .
tr	PRES	I bury it as deep as I can .
tr	PAST	Sonia exclaimed , going directly into damage control , as usual that night after he told this tale , leaning into him and patting his stomach .
tr	PAST	She stormed through the tunnel all the way back to the apartment .
tr	PAST	The guy panicked and ran off , probably afraid of drawing attention .
tr	PAST	I giggled , realizing how silly it sounded : melting into a pile of goo after being splashed with water .
tr	PAST	Mike proceeded to summarize much of his medieval dream , but specifics were fleeting at the moment .
tr	PRES	" My associate deals with that . "
tr	PAST	Sid ceased laughing and continued .
tr	PRES	With my feet secure on a branch , Nicholas crushes me against the tree and pins my arms behind my back .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PRES	She whispers the words against my lips .
tr	PRES	The wood shone white in the moonlight , and the streaks and pools of shadow across the ground gave the whole place a haunted feel .
tr	PAST	And seeing your face deepened that feeling somehow .
tr	PAST	Shannon relayed our news , and then he too looked for England .
tr	PAST	Ezio submitted himself to the tailor 's ministrations and chose a discreet dark grey velvet for the doublet , with matching hose in wool .
tr	PRES	" He deserves to be pranked just for thinking it could ! "
tr	PAST	Two thick , wide metal bands secured the crate .
tr	PAST	Happily , she floated her way around the pool .
tr	PAST	Lucien pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	She sobbed in his arms .
tr	PRES	His tongue slides across my bottom lip , and I open my mouth , letting him inside , wanting to taste more of him .
tr	PAST	More and more , I just trusted him .
tr	PRES	He glances at Holder , then back to me .
tr	PRES	I wince at the partial truth of his accusation .
tr	PRES	" Not being repeatedly attacked by vampires really helps your mood . "
tr	PRES	I generate heat when it happens and fires start .
tr	PRES	He just loves the school more .
tr	PRES	Says a crippled man falling in pace next to her .
tr	PAST	" The string is not taught enough , " he chided .
tr	PAST	He trudged to his chair in the sitting room and sank into it with a relieved sigh .
tr	PAST	For a moment she toyed with the idea of letting it go to her voice mail .
tr	PAST	" I did , " she lied .
tr	PRES	She considers asking Adam to leave them , but the look on his face changes her mind .
tr	PAST	For many , the challenge proved irresistible .
tr	PAST	Jeff unfolded Susan 's thick letter and scanned its contents .
tr	PRES	Marky stretches her arms in the air .
tr	PAST	I flicked my wrist back , and the dart shot through the top of the thug 's skull .
tr	PRES	" A pirate perhaps ? "
tr	PRES	Like if he 's found a young woman he favors . "
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PRES	" No , " Amy whispers .
tr	PAST	He smacked the papers with his fingers .
tr	PAST	What little part of my heart was still in one piece shattered at her words .
tr	PAST	Myrtle squealed like a schoolgirl .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight " You sure you 're going to be okay ? "
tr	PAST	I race to the dais and leap over the small step .
tr	PAST	As soon as I was out of the car and on solid ground , the Jeep revved forward , not wasting time accelerating .
tr	PAST	The moon and stars twinkled , winking as if they knew how glad she was to see them .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " he said , his voice husky .
tr	PRES	He carries his father 's head around in a black leather satchel . "
tr	PAST	" Hello to you , too , " she chided as she brought her exercise gear to the laundry room .
tr	PRES	What kind of changes ? "
tr	PRES	" Miss Rhodes ? "
tr	PRES	And Vivienne deserves to find it as well .
tr	PRES	" At one of the galleries downtown .
tr	PAST	I sensed a deeper meaning in his words .
tr	PRES	The gentleman slammed his fist against the bulkhead , the movement rattling the cramped cabin .
tr	PRES	The years march by and before you know it you 'll be old , like me and getting close to retirement .
tr	PRES	He stops beside a pool of water .
tr	PRES	He felt her hand on his , her fingers lightly ringing his wrist .
tr	PAST	A loud crackling from the speakers boomed over the otherwise entirely silent crowd .
tr	PRES	Reaching behind himself , the salesman produces a mask resembling the skull of some sort of beast .
tr	PAST	Greg pretended to carefully consider the view while he used the extra light to search out Hazel .
tr	PRES	When his thumb meets the slick juncture of my thighs , his breath draws in with a hiss .
tr	PRES	She sighs and then pulls me in for a hug .
tr	PRES	" What about a flare ? "
tr	PAST	Only knowing the father 's first name and that he was a very dangerous man further complicated things .
tr	PRES	Who talks to my mother that way ?
tr	PRES	" Okay , so let 's assume I 'm not an idiot . "
tr	PRES	" Age reminder , nice . "
tr	PRES	" A marble ? "
tr	PRES	" Or Woman . "
tr	PAST	Marshall thrived on his opponent 's fear .
tr	PRES	I swivel in front of the mirror , checking out my look .
tr	PAST	Roman stifled a yawn and set the empty bowl on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ Kevin awoke thrashing and bathed in sweat .
tr	PRES	" Three kilometres ! "
tr	PRES	Evie snorts , and I have the urge to do the same .
tr	PRES	I fold the note up and put it back in its place .
tr	PRES	I half drag him past the balcony hallway and into the living room of the apartment .
tr	PAST	Spencer stomped over to the corner of the room and aimlessly stared out the window .
tr	PAST	I 'm being lied to , and I 'm terrified to know what it is that everyone 's trying to keep from me .
tr	PRES	Then by the grace of the Heavens it stops and Roland is inside the cage within seconds .
tr	PRES	She stands in the middle of the room .
tr	PRES	Davy stands there scowling a bit and then comes back to his ordinary self .
tr	PAST	They froze in place , where they 'd be locked in stun for hours , unable to move .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that illegal ? "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FOUR VISITING HOURS I woke in Ethan 's arms , my consciousness triggered by the whirring retraction of the automatic shutters that covered his windows .
tr	PRES	A man likes his woman to be happy . '
tr	PRES	" And that he recognizes this wine cellar . "
tr	PRES	Sometimes , Adam joins them .
tr	PRES	He chuckled and cuddled me closer , his chin resting on my hair .
tr	PAST	After closing his left eye , he proceeded to measure the sun 's lowest point against the mountain 's highest peak .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Grimes and Chuck crouched over him .
tr	PRES	As if on cue the pressure in my lower body blew out and I shattered on a muffled scream , my sex rippling around Braden .
tr	PAST	He retracted his hands , looking at them as they burned red and started to blister .
tr	PRES	Josie stands waiting in line facing stage left .
tr	PRES	First , he offers me tea then he reminds me that I 'm pregnant .
tr	PRES	His voice begins to crack .
tr	PAST	To their happiness , Dickens McCormack scored 95 points .
tr	PRES	If I asked you what those things are , could you describe them to me ? "
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	Though Manfred knew for certain that Rain used a computer every day at work , she regarded his Internet business as very specialized and difficult .
tr	PAST	They named me Vulture and thought to destroy me after they had used me .
tr	PAST	Vaughn slapped me across the cheek , and it stung like hell .
tr	PAST	I have seen gentle defenders , sadistic healers , creators of beauty scorned while craftsmen of destruction are worshiped . "
tr	PAST	I squealed , shoving him on the arm .
tr	PRES	Yet it strikes me now that there was something almost defiant in the way she proclaimed her affection . "
tr	PAST	The moon shone , creating a pathway down the quiet water like daylight .
tr	PAST	He even produced a laser pointer from somewhere to help with his lecture .
tr	PRES	As if he couldn 't ask Howell .
tr	PAST	He stares through the glass window and observes his colleague ; still , patient , waiting for a reply .
tr	PAST	They teased her , called her names , sought to humiliate her .
tr	PAST	He flicked me again .
tr	PAST	The mermaid bounced over to our table .
tr	PAST	Noelle nearly scoffed at the ludicrous statement .
tr	PRES	" I assume whoever killed Hawthorne took all of his valuables .
tr	PAST	Seventeen Too edgy to stay still , Daemon prowled the room that opened onto the flagstone terrace at the back of the Hall .
tr	PRES	A small bit of vomit rises to the back of my throat .
tr	PRES	Jeremy chuckles from beside me , " Guessing you didn 't know from that look on your face ? "
tr	PRES	" Never mind , Phillip .
tr	PRES	He lets them look at two white older style shuttle vans .
tr	PRES	He stands in front of the civilians , looking frail and ill but alive .
tr	PRES	Would you permit me to see him in your place ? "
tr	PRES	The young man reclaimed his knife and slipped it back into its sheath .
tr	PAST	All the missiles exploded harmlessly .
tr	PAST	He just acted like himself and you know how that is . "
tr	PAST	' You abandoned your family .
tr	PAST	The lantern 's globe shattered upon impact , and the oil that splashed from the reservoir burst instantly into flame .
tr	PAST	The ship glided on in an unbroken inertial flow for one fragmented second .
tr	PAST	These men sought possession and money , the ownership of other human beings , and were willing to do whatever it took to accomplish their ends .
tr	PAST	She motioned back toward the front gate .
tr	PAST	Opening the top revealed a small flash drive .
tr	PRES	" But not like that , Katherine .
tr	PAST	Dan exclaimed , seeing the treasure .
tr	PRES	The Regulator collects the torn dress and pair of shoes , padding out her bed chamber , ordering .
tr	PRES	Every night , I fel into bed , my muscles screaming for rest .
tr	PAST	All sorted , tidied up the last few bits while you had your nap .
tr	PRES	Alec stops and grabs his flashlight to get a better look .
tr	PAST	Jase massaged Luis 's ass ; he couldn 't keep his hands away from it .
tr	PRES	His pitiful attempts to expose us .
tr	PRES	Grand Uncle stands up .
tr	PAST	Her daughter immediately smacked her palms against Jolene 's .
tr	PAST	James fisted his hands , turned towards the wall , and started hitting the brick wall with all of his might .
tr	PAST	Her hands fisted in his T-shirt .
tr	PRES	" Many of the larger hotels provide wedding services for their guests . "
tr	PAST	" But Hunter has volunteered to escort Corinne to Detroit in Brock 's place . "
tr	PAST	She braved a smile for the one person in the world who seemed to care for her .
tr	PAST	By the time I finally reach for them , they will be cold , their power stripped by the passage of days .
tr	PRES	" Chantilly is just so heartbroken , " mentions Suzy when we 're at her house .
tr	PRES	" Okay , an hour , at Café Lulu .
tr	PAST	Lucian 's voice , louder this time , more urgent , bounced off the jagged stone ceiling .
tr	PAST	There , he seized the One Power .
tr	PAST	He stiffened at the memory .
tr	PAST	Her right ankle crumpled and she fell against him .
tr	PRES	" Congratulations , the stick matches the wits . "
tr	PAST	Cole doubted whether he could have extracted seven of these even if they had been readily available .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she said , " this carton under the tank . "
tr	PAST	" There is no way I am going to provide any endorsements , " Carol stated adamantly .
tr	PAST	Dollop hadn 't protested for fear Sid replaced his nose with a turbot .
tr	PRES	A satisfied smile steals across his pudgy face as though he just used the best teaching method ever .
tr	PAST	She treated herself to another languorous stretch then turned to Ben .
tr	PAST	He whipped his head around , giving me an amused look .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't those , like , wolves ? "
tr	PAST	That triggered the memory she 'd been searching for .
tr	PAST	I pledge myself in Covenant as a Nephilim , and I pledge my life and my family to the Clave of Idris .
tr	PRES	" Good bye . "
tr	PAST	Dante 's laugh rumbled like stone down a hill .
tr	PRES	Anthony stands up and starts pacing .
tr	PRES	His voice remains flat .
tr	PRES	He slew many of them and the rest fled .
tr	PRES	" You would try , " he concludes .
tr	PAST	As quickly as I could , I whipped off my shirt , and shrugged off my shorts .
tr	PAST	Caitlin inquired , even though she didn 't want to know the true answer .
tr	PAST	Jasmine stiffened , alarm spreading on her face .
tr	PRES	" Hey , Dad , " I teased .
tr	PAST	The confidence I 'd glimpsed in the carriage had wavered , and he looked at me like a sheep looks before its death .
tr	PRES	Comes out of my mouth before I can even think .
tr	PRES	At least she didn 't hiss : I would have found that rather frightening .
tr	PRES	" Umm ... " A loud squelching rumble suddenly sounded from her and she gasped and threw her hands over her belly .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Lexi ? "
tr	PRES	I swing my fist at him again without an explanation , but this time he ducks and slams his fist into my side .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance up at the other Reboots , but they were all looking at Forty-five sadly .
tr	PRES	Over the years I witnessed that scene play out a half dozen times .
tr	PRES	Slipping through back yards , bush to bush , tree to tree , he hears people inside the houses talking low and walking softly .
tr	PRES	Shaking , staggering , nails scratching on the tiles , falling to the floor .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck .
tr	PRES	' Apprentice Postman Stanley , ' mumbled Groat .
tr	PRES	The fog creeps and slithers around as if it were alive ; it 's very well-done , and yes , creepy .
tr	PRES	Our eyes connect and chills go through my body .
tr	PRES	" So now the waiting begins . "
tr	PAST	I quickly stuffed my hand back between my thighs .
tr	PAST	Traffic piled up on the roads , loud horns and screams of frustration .
tr	PRES	" What about my mum ? "
tr	PAST	While they were eating , they speculated on their position .
tr	PAST	Right now , I doubted it , the ungrateful mutt .
tr	PAST	His arms envelope me so he can steady me to my feet .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , I 'm just tired , " Rick lied as he lit a smoke and took a soothing drag .
tr	PAST	" You 're trying to change the subject , " she accused him .
tr	PAST	' Just a restless night , didn 't get much sleep , ' Nightingale lied .
tr	PAST	Lia asked , her eyes shadowed with worry .
tr	PAST	They concurred with its sensibility and readily accepted the grim duty , but they had no intention of burying the mortal remains of their comrades .
tr	PRES	As the meal proceeded , a group of servants appeared , bearing white , bulbous fruit the size of watermelons .
tr	PAST	The comment puzzled Kendall .
tr	PRES	He stands in my kitchen .
tr	PAST	A moment later , though , he dismissed the idea .
tr	PRES	Nan glances at me , wincing .
tr	PRES	We lean over the little square of foil .
tr	PRES	I crave to be controlled .
tr	PRES	The jelly donuts , not so much .
tr	PRES	Nobody outside the family ever visits him . "
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms above his head and then offers his hand to me .
tr	PAST	Dennis eyed him , unsure if the man was joking or not .
tr	PAST	I hit him again , he retreated less .
tr	PAST	Zach 's sister , Amelia , emerged from around the corner with a plate full of food .
tr	PRES	' Not the poker ! '
tr	PAST	He gently caressed my cheek with his finger .
tr	PRES	I saw you checking them out , " Jan teased .
tr	PAST	And then he urged his tip inside of me , and I shuddered against the feel of it .
tr	PRES	" Rachel , this is my friend , Abby .
tr	PRES	Old pictures , bank accounts overseas , but nothing about family .
tr	PRES	" That sounds kind of boring , actually , " I mumbled , without thinking .
tr	PAST	He tugged on his ear and looked at me as if I had sprouted two heads overnight or something .
tr	PAST	Yet , she lied to whoever this was so that I could escape .
tr	PAST	" Very funny , " countered Schell .
tr	PAST	" I don 't like owing people , " he lied .
tr	PRES	I estimate around eighty or so men were in that building . "
tr	PAST	Daniel sniffed the air and got to his feet .
tr	PRES	He sees me and knows what I got is outta reach but that don 't stop him from wanting it .
tr	PRES	" A casino . "
tr	PAST	She started to cry uncontrollably , she leaped forward towards him hitting and scratching him as hard as she can .
tr	PRES	He dreaded going back .
tr	PAST	" Too bad there 's no wood to chop back home then , " he joked .
tr	PRES	" Name 's Sam , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He gently massaged my neck muscles .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes , brimming over her lids .
tr	PRES	Arn looked up to the glittering stars , just beginning to shine in the darkening sky , two moons also shone .
tr	PRES	But now secrets define me .
tr	PRES	" We feed innocent women and children , it 's true , but also we feed the killers . "
tr	PAST	He may have uttered them several months ago , but their enormity had only just registered .
tr	PRES	A look passes between him and Robin .
tr	PRES	My instincts shout for me to jump out of the truck and run through the desert back to the apartment , far , far away from her .
tr	PAST	Alex screeched and caught her up in a hug .
tr	PRES	" Too bloody right , lets move " .
tr	PRES	As he shoves it into the ground , the cylinder fills up with dirt .
tr	PAST	I , uh , already enrolled in classes . "
tr	PAST	" For your ... situation , " he mumbled , rubbing the back of this neck .
tr	PAST	We trudged to the exit , where we stepped over Ahmed 's body , slipping in his blood .
tr	PAST	I circled my fingers around her tender spot before gently inserting them inside .
tr	PAST	That equaled over $ 200 million .
tr	PRES	She caught my hand , pul ing it to where her heart beat .
tr	PAST	Azriel quieted the men 's angry voices and removed everything else that was a distraction .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PAST	It also provided Candice with another opportunity to soak up the atmosphere .
tr	PRES	" That 's what I thought , " I teased .
tr	PAST	She absorbed the name 's sound , her mind lingering over the feel and form of it .
tr	PRES	" He was the first person to climb Everest , " the short one explains .
tr	PAST	Scott revealed the happenings of the previous evening and what he had witnessed .
tr	PAST	Feeling like her heart had switched places with her Adam 's apple , Echo inched her way along the side of the house .
tr	PAST	A shaky breath vibrated through me and I pulled my courage together .
tr	PAST	" I 've got to talk to Julie , " he announced , slamming the door on his way out .
tr	PRES	The anger melts off of Jonathan 's face and he stands there a beat longer than he should , almost shocked .
tr	PRES	He drums his fingers on his knee as he stares at the gas station .
tr	PRES	When he finishes , they compare the two written versions , and the one who does the listening decides which one 's accurate . '
tr	PRES	It lets us know you are where you are supposed to be .
tr	PRES	' And never returns ! '
tr	PAST	Chase tugged at his mangled ear , a wound from a stalker in boarding school .
tr	PRES	Please , alert the doctor , " he begged the others and then turned to enter the room .
tr	PRES	Most likely the restocking of medical supplies .
tr	PRES	But I screwed it up .
tr	PAST	His rugged features wavered .
tr	PAST	I 'm alone , " Kaylee lied .
tr	PAST	Mad Dog eyed the embroidered scrap of linen .
tr	PAST	Instantly her heart sped into a frenzied beat .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven Jim Hewitt stood at the end of the bar alone , one hand fisted around a glass of Irish whiskey .
tr	PAST	He sprawled to the ground , his cuffed hands robbing him of balance .
tr	PRES	Why add one more to the mix ?
tr	PRES	" I hate you , " Emma whispers .
tr	PAST	Moving water that far required you to use the river 's own flow and pressure . "
tr	PAST	Tavi regained his feet and dodged a falling rock .
tr	PAST	But curiosity prevailed , and he decided to see what all the fuss was about .
tr	PRES	She passes a hand over her face and takes a seat next to me .
tr	PRES	Shared ideals , at least for a while , and sincerely worked together to improve things .
tr	PAST	She bore a remarkable resemblance to his sister , Emily .
tr	PRES	What brings you here , Bill ? "
tr	PAST	They eyed him warily and he didn 't back down .
tr	PRES	A swirl of fog drifts in front of the screen .
tr	PAST	He puzzled over it and recognized what it was .
tr	PRES	These days , no one pays attention to state lines .
tr	PAST	His hand emerged from his pocket and moved up .
tr	PAST	He lands on the bed and braces himself up on his elbows .
tr	PRES	" And if we do piss them off ? "
tr	PAST	Nate collected the remainder of the documents he 'd brought into the room .
tr	PRES	Olivia tries to jerk away from me , but I hold on tightly .
tr	PAST	A drapery of vines claimed the bridges and chasm walls , and in many places the finely carved stone was crumbling away .
tr	PAST	He saluted me and sauntered off , no doubt to pen an entirely false version of events for the Morning Herald .
tr	PRES	Breathing hard from the brutal act , he approaches his victim once more , and withdraws the special token from inside his black trench coat .
tr	PRES	" You 're going to be a wonderful artist , " Emma mumbled .
tr	PAST	The roach , if he could read it right , acted impressed .
tr	PAST	It announced my status to the world .
tr	PRES	Crewe dives for my ankles and takes me down the same way he did in the thick , larch forest outside of Miles .
tr	PRES	A person with great credentials resting on their laurels .
tr	PRES	Everybody loves you . "
tr	PRES	" Only reconnaissance ! "
tr	PAST	Kit stifled a growl as she sat down , focusing her attention on the man who occupied the chair opposite .
tr	PAST	Everyone received food , everyone received housing , and everyone received needed goods , but not everyone received luxury .
tr	PRES	" You ancient bitch ! "
tr	PRES	" The project ? "
tr	PAST	Silver produced his staff .
tr	PAST	His mouth teased her skin while more tingling ripples traveled over her body .
tr	PRES	He inches closer to me .
tr	PAST	Christopher 's expression reflected only a willingness to listen .
tr	PAST	He and Dud engaged in a conversation spoken entirely in a rapid pidgin dialect which Shapiro was able to follow to some degree .
tr	PAST	Jax cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	How simply barbaric . "
tr	PAST	Dan ' r exploded forwards , like a sprinter leaving the starting block .
tr	PAST	He twirled it in his fingers .
tr	PAST	Drumming rumbled In the distance .
tr	PRES	He draws no breath himself , though he believes that he breaths .
tr	PRES	It tries to siphon all of the hurt and drama from the moment , but its efforts prove impotent .
tr	PAST	" You 're wooing him , " Gascon grunted miserably .
tr	PRES	Her husband stands with her , holding her , bracing her arms in his big hands , prepared for the worst .
tr	PAST	No business of mine when a pretty woman gets her clock cleaned . "
tr	PRES	Maya and her sighs .
tr	PAST	Fletcher lounged in his chair , cocked one ankle over his knee and studied her with a vaguely troubled expression .
tr	PRES	" Is Dale purposefully trying to make me angry ? "
tr	PRES	Ola gratefully embraces the savage who fights to open the door to Ola 's future . "
tr	PAST	Darcy jolted up and rushed over to the edge of the diving board .
tr	PRES	The figure wears an expressionless mask , and adorned upon his cloak is a sort of yin-yang symbol .
tr	PRES	Our footsteps echo in the small , empty chamber .
tr	PAST	While I was in the bathroom , I washed the messy makeup off my face and quickly brushed my hair .
tr	PAST	From fifteen feet away Julie and Emily giggled , and Dana blushed .
tr	PAST	She groaned and kissed him harder , her hips grinding in insistent circles against him while he thrust his fingers deeper .
tr	PRES	She deserves that much , at least , for chasing off the monsters .
tr	PRES	" May I borrow some clothes ? "
tr	PAST	* * * Kira awoke one day to find the whole ship in a stir .
tr	PRES	She pushes her shoulder into mine .
tr	PRES	I squat down , in order to get a better grip .
tr	PRES	The president joins Stan and a waiting Secret Service agent in a sleek low black unmarked American car with tinted bulletproof windows .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the hall light , and sure enough , the glass panes above the outside door had been smashed .
tr	PAST	Cigarette Boy elbowed his friend in the ribs .
tr	PRES	Have you cleaning dishes in the royal kitchens the rest of your life .
tr	PRES	Ethan sighs and leans against the shelf .
tr	PRES	" Then divorce him . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , just another thing for you to criticize me about , huh , Bob ?
tr	PRES	" This takes the heat off Cadogan , slides it right over to Grey .
tr	PAST	Not that he was slumming it , I reflected , driving down the long street .
tr	PRES	' And even if her being a thief explains why she left , what about the bullet , the note ... ' ' OK .
tr	PAST	Anger replaced fear as certainty overcame doubt .
tr	PAST	She fled to the dressing room .
tr	PRES	Mom misses her most around the holidays . "
tr	PRES	Rain slams against my skin , like icy needles , and I shield my eyes , searching for my mom .
tr	PAST	Lights reflected off the gold-plated steel girders that crisscrossed in an open lattice design to form , of all things , a gleaming pyramid at the top .
tr	PAST	Zoo collected the fallen guard 's crossbow .
tr	PAST	It shattered over my knuckles , but caused no real damage .
tr	PRES	A shadow passes behind the peephole .
tr	PRES	Much still remains in flux .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed insistently on the nightstand , shattering the spell .
tr	PRES	He wishes to compete . "
tr	PAST	All the air fled my lungs .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head , telling him that I understood his sentiment .
tr	PAST	shouted Gregor as Ares and Aurora sped over the rat 's head .
tr	PAST	I defeated the last one , but he had a small army .
tr	PAST	" Has he proposed yet ?
tr	PAST	Their conversations on the phone brightened his day in ways he didn 't expect .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me sharply , his eyes flashing .
tr	PAST	The only time her mother 's appearance bothered her was when people speculated about her father .
tr	PRES	You have to take your medicine now , " Damien begged the frail woman .
tr	PRES	While he changes , I retrieve my dress and underwear from the bed and put them on .
tr	PAST	He stowed the typewriter in his van , returned to his hotel room and ingested a wild assortment of pills .
tr	PAST	" Did Nic - " I broke off , mortified that I 'd been about to ask her if he 'd said anything about me .
tr	PRES	" They 're a couple , " I blurt out , needing to tell someone .
tr	PAST	He regarded her fondly .
tr	PAST	He braced himself , turned the knob , pushed open the door .
tr	PAST	Its broken body bounced once and stopped .
tr	PRES	I awakened my bow , and began making my way further down the path .
tr	PRES	Lila twirls a bit of hair around her finger .
tr	PRES	After a while , he relaxes , leaning into me .
tr	PRES	For saving my life . "
tr	PRES	Her posture becomes more rigid , her strikes more purposeful .
tr	PAST	Then he grunted , " My new bride . "
tr	PRES	" Dammit , Kiya , snap out of it ! "
tr	PRES	How very nineteen fifties of you , and kind of sexist . '
tr	PAST	The Undead Guardian himself appeared to rock on his heels .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to cover it with plastic wrap ? "
tr	PRES	The boys mumbled their understanding and then another woman appeared next to Maximo .
tr	PRES	Her tone drips with disgust .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry I lost my temper , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	" And , uh , you can see the lock reflected in that chrome fitting ... see that one there ? "
tr	PAST	He stares at me for a second .
tr	PRES	" What about the gallery ? "
tr	PRES	" She loves you still , you ungrateful bastard , no matter what I did or said .
tr	PRES	My stomach begins to grumble in sad complaint as the time gets later .
tr	PRES	Sarah tries one more time , and her voice has a ring of desperation .
tr	PRES	" Sweet Jesu , " the good captain mutters .
tr	PRES	Sooty stops beside me and turns to back up against the side of the stable to where both of us are looking out into the paddock .
tr	PAST	The line beeped two times before someone answered .
tr	PRES	She stumbles backwards then falls upon the rock , closing her eyelashes in pain .
tr	PAST	My focus wavered , eyes wanting to open .
tr	PRES	' The prime minister ... ' ' You think he doesn 't trust you . '
tr	PAST	" Fear not , sweet wife , " he chided .
tr	PAST	In the years to come , newly elected world leaders dispatched rescue ships , loaded with supplies , to come to their aid .
tr	PRES	Valerie taps her own CU and activates the ship wide speakers .
tr	PRES	Here Rousseau describes the evening encampment and the sense of danger being so close to the large British army .
tr	PAST	Every time he thought too hard on it , an uncomfortable tightness formed in his throat and butterflies assaulted him .
tr	PRES	" Around here , we smack the nerve right out of white girls for doing that . "
tr	PAST	Akira and I danced , for hours and hours .
tr	PAST	Yet just saying it out loud established a greater sense of intimacy , at least for her .
tr	PAST	Bryant and Nadia swiftly scooted their chairs next to mine , detecting the massive amounts of stress that filled my head .
tr	PRES	Unsurprisingly enough , then , Jones ' speech fails to win him over .
tr	PRES	" It looks perfect , " I add as I smile and dig into the food .
tr	PAST	Leaning forward , he adjusted my hands and offered me instruction .
tr	PRES	' Guards ? ' '
tr	PAST	And yet she feared that if she spoke he might disappear .
tr	PRES	The moon shone meekly through the blinds .
tr	PRES	What wrong lies in the lives they choose ? "
tr	PAST	Cassie leaped towards him .
tr	PAST	With deft fingers she bound up her hair again .
tr	PRES	The grass hisses at our legs and the grey clouds menace the sky .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the diffused light brightened and flushed .
tr	PAST	Suddenly I entertained a wild idea .
tr	PAST	" There 's one group of soldiers stationed a few hundred yards north of us , " he reported quietly .
tr	PRES	Nathan clears his throat from the doorway , and we startle .
tr	PRES	She wraps her hands around my neck and pulls my head down to hers and kisses me .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so stupid , " Tammie frowns .
tr	PRES	So many creatures , even ... jaguar .
tr	PAST	Ultimately he sought to scientifically prove that there was an organic basis in the brain for what the Russians had demonstrated with the mother cat . "
tr	PRES	She opens the lid and stands back so I can see it .
tr	PRES	I lean my forehead against Ty 's for a minute , but then move my chin back to his shoulder , taking in the scene again .
tr	PRES	" Um , not well , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	As Jake walked off , Rob lingered where he was .
tr	PRES	The question remains , can you correct this situation ? "
tr	PRES	He sighs , as though I just asked if he 'd be willing to donate a kidney to charity or something .
tr	PAST	" Congratulations , " Evelyn exclaimed , apparently oblivious to Diana 's stunned expression .
tr	PAST	They froze as he stirred but breathed a sigh of relief as he simply slumped into a more comfortable position and carried on snoring .
tr	PRES	Today I teach you .
tr	PRES	" I apologise for cutting you off . "
tr	PAST	Iain threaded his fingers through her hair , cradling the back of her head .
tr	PRES	" Footsteps , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Robin pushes herself up from the bed slowly .
tr	PRES	She strokes back my hair .
tr	PRES	" It tastes all right to me . "
tr	PAST	Chair legs screeched against the hard linoleum floor as Jared edged up closer .
tr	PRES	" She loves you and your sister and brothers , but she doesn 't want us to upset you right now because you 're very busy .
tr	PAST	Relief exploded through his body , tingled all the way to his fingertips in waves of painful pleasure .
tr	PAST	The same polite look flicked on his face as he waved us inside .
tr	PRES	She considers it and shrugs , gesturing with both hands held out to the side , palms up , almost at shoulder height .
tr	PRES	He buys me a car ?
tr	PAST	We visited her a few times , but she was unresponsive and her husband told us our visits only seemed to upset her .
tr	PAST	They secured him onto the backboard .
tr	PRES	The rest of the game passes in comfortable silence interspersed with a few comments .
tr	PAST	Ya feared him as a child . "
tr	PRES	" I pledge to always follow the rules and to take care of my body .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the fantasy of snapping a photograph of him in this pose as he was now , and comparing the two .
tr	PRES	He stops in his tracks and turns in slow motion .
tr	PRES	" The hunk ! "
tr	PAST	" Please , Dimitri , we need to talk , " she begged , wanting to set some ground rules .
tr	PAST	We prayed for him every single night .
tr	PRES	My heart stops beating inside my chest and for a moment I 'm thrown back through time into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	He sighs , then leans farther out on the railing and rakes a hand through his hair .
tr	PRES	" Quil , Embry this is my friend , Bella . "
tr	PAST	" To Eileen and all her dreams , " he toasted .
tr	PRES	And on his neck she sees a jagged pink scar , healed , but still dramatic .
tr	PAST	His head smacked the ground , like a bowling ball hitting the hardwood on the lane .
tr	PRES	Cara hugs her arms close to her body .
tr	PAST	They announced the selections today . "
tr	PAST	I feared for him .
tr	PRES	I relax as she pulls away and turns for the door , but then I feel the presence of Donny behind me and I immediately tense .
tr	PRES	" Bitch , " I mutter under my breath as I get up and cross my room to the phone on my nightstand .
tr	PRES	" To the medical wing . "
tr	PRES	What if she freaked out on him again ?
tr	PRES	He cups my cheek . '
tr	PRES	Giving his plane some throttle , it wasn 't long before he was airborne , banking around to the east .
tr	PRES	Someone who doesn 't belong with them .
tr	PAST	Embroidered patches on his sleeves announced that he was " Security " .
tr	PAST	I wept again as they screamed and died .
tr	PRES	" It tastes absolutely scrumptious .
tr	PRES	The man who owns this place still visits often .
tr	PRES	He begins to be cut off by a horrid roar .
tr	PRES	The boss loses his visual focus in the slats of the concrete and brick beehive where members of the public overlook the scene .
tr	PAST	It mortified her now , looking back .
tr	PRES	Suddenly he brings the ember down to the touch hole and the gun roars and slams backward .
tr	PAST	She dove again , hoping to find a way around it or beneath it .
tr	PAST	And thus being the greatest sinners among us , they ascend the pulpit to become our Saints .
tr	PAST	" The attendance office left a message on your phone , " Marcie stated , clearly unimpressed by my feigned innocence .
tr	PAST	Now , once a month , they pretended .
tr	PRES	' Thanks Graham that gives me a bit of time for my own planning .
tr	PAST	I countered , feeling as though my request shouldn 't be necessary .
tr	PRES	I confess you had me done up and done down .
tr	PAST	' Lower your weapons ' John countered .
tr	PRES	She talks a good game , but I bet she 'll give in eventually .
tr	PRES	He stands and offers me his hand , and to my surprise , I take it .
tr	PAST	The voice droned out over the water .
tr	PRES	" An experiment ? "
tr	PRES	I don 't know if I know how , " Alice mumbled .
tr	PAST	She practically shrieked at the pleasure he caused , her back arching into his and her hips rolling against his hand .
tr	PAST	He propped his hip against the desk , still smiling , and nodded at her .
tr	PAST	They created the gap large enough for them to get out .
tr	PRES	He allows me to use it .
tr	PAST	Even though I can 't feel his touch , my fingers wrap around his , reacting to the stimulation .
tr	PRES	The final responsibility lies in the hands of the Inter Galactic Police .
tr	PAST	I stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	She giggled , completely unprepared for a joke .
tr	PRES	" Following a tight meal plan helps control his blood sugar . "
tr	PRES	As he runs , he hears his breathing as if it were greatly amplified through a loudspeaker .
tr	PAST	The tree only bore one fruit ; it was red like an apple but more oblong then round .
tr	PAST	He shuffled away toward the heavy oak doors .
tr	PAST	A low , rumbling growl still accompanied his words .
tr	PAST	" There from now on the strange woman ruled .
tr	PRES	" Bye , sweetheart , " he said , loudly .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't even look at me , " she accused , her hands clenched together in front of her .
tr	PRES	Her voice drips with a false sense of pity .
tr	PAST	My eyes bounced between the two guys .
tr	PAST	I sobbed , my entire body shaking with emotion .
tr	PAST	She giggled and continued with the brushing .
tr	PRES	He sees ' average ' across the board .
tr	PRES	" This needs to go too , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And he got them looks and brains from somewhere , " Gramps butts in .
tr	PAST	" She discharged deadly weapons to attack an unarmed civilian .
tr	PRES	I assume that woman is you . "
tr	PAST	" Little humans , " she purred , as the other faery came around the corner , boxing us in .
tr	PAST	Gabe babbled , his voice shaking as much as his body .
tr	PAST	The scent of smoke deepened around him .
tr	PAST	He later painted the images of the women , claiming to have been inspired .
tr	PAST	It required two tokens to play .
tr	PAST	Something to be used without thought or regard , like the animal you compared me to !
tr	PRES	" The X Women . "
tr	PRES	He stares into my eyes .
tr	PAST	Then the cathedral exploded .
tr	PRES	' Oh ... ' The woman giggles .
tr	PAST	He swiped a hand down his face , sighing , then slid his butt across the box and flopped back on the bed .
tr	PAST	Tilting his head , he squinted and treated it like a Where 's Waldo ?
tr	PRES	" I think that one 's above my pay grade , " he whispers , eyes tracking the demon as it moves closer .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something incoherent in reply and I got up and took him by the hand to lead him to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	As I reach the door leading outside , I hesitate .
tr	PRES	Kai sighs , rubbing the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	Slamming the doors shut and hitting the on switch , Storm exhales deeply , blowing her long bangs off her face .
tr	PAST	She stared at him in amazement , her hand still half extended .
tr	PAST	Flattery risked a glance away from the board .
tr	PAST	He crawled back into bed and pressed the wet cloth between my legs .
tr	PAST	" So you just trifle with men like me while waiting for Mr. Right ? "
tr	PRES	I loathe this city . "
tr	PRES	He loves these things .
tr	PRES	Perhaps not fully , but enough that it no longer causes him pain . "
tr	PAST	He acted poorly , but his motives were pure . "
tr	PRES	he said , pul ing my chin up so that he could see into my eyes .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a large section of the room 's floor collapsed with a tremendous groan .
tr	PAST	she asked , her head cocked like a bright bird .
tr	PAST	The bus slowed down to a stop and they both looked up .
tr	PRES	They raise their weapons , then begins the most furious fight I have seen in an age .
tr	PAST	He inquired sounding genuinely confused as to which one should take precedence .
tr	PRES	" Did you drag me outside to play basketball with you ? "
tr	PRES	" Mark ye that it is a north-facing wall protecting the plants from the hottest sun of the midday . "
tr	PRES	My phone buzzes with a text ... from Cora .
tr	PRES	He likes all food , really .
tr	PRES	Everyone hates me now .
tr	PRES	" A woman who lets a hobo steal from her because he refuses to accept her charity .
tr	PRES	" Just tuned it up . "
tr	PRES	" Deserted streets , an eerie quiet , and a place like this deprived of the many customers it deserves .
tr	PAST	DeVries reiterated that the patrol car would continue to check the house periodically .
tr	PRES	Please don 't stop , " she begged .
tr	PAST	A quickly scribbled poem mentioning names of all those who hurt him , including the name of a consenting adult .
tr	PRES	" Now then , " Hailey begins pointing out jars with gloved fingers .
tr	PRES	He bursts into laughter so hard he holds his stomach .
tr	PAST	He pecked once , then again , at the lump in the sand .
tr	PRES	Besides , I assume Casey 's crow ? "
tr	PRES	Grandma hisses , grabbing onto my wrist with surprising force for such an old lady .
tr	PRES	After taking a huge breath , she dives into a story that I wish I never heard .
tr	PAST	Your boyfriend dumped you for me and now my brother gets interested in you .
tr	PAST	Charlotte slowed her steps , and turned back to walk right into her mother .
tr	PRES	" Bye bye . "
tr	PRES	Probably too perceptive because I couldn 't help watching her now .
tr	PRES	Incandescent light shone down from each corner , making the room feel warm and intimate despite its vast size .
tr	PRES	Triple power prayer ! "
tr	PRES	He returns his attention to the window and my heart sinks in my chest , knowing there 's something he 's not telling me .
tr	PAST	Betsy stomped her foot and spun around .
tr	PAST	He yawned and raised his fists to knuckle out the sleep from his eyes .
tr	PRES	If a bit wobbly on the corners .
tr	PRES	Only been dating her after she graduated , eh ? "
tr	PAST	The words still glowed : I WILL KILL YOU ALL .
tr	PRES	" Get off me , you prick ! "
tr	PRES	As softly as her shoes permitted she snuck past the desk where the librarian was obscured behind his large text .
tr	PRES	Some of them slap Elliott on the back .
tr	PAST	Holly motioned to the table behind him .
tr	PRES	The radio plays and the engine keeps cutting out .
tr	PRES	On the ground , Prince arches his back , his feet scrabbling .
tr	PAST	" Apples , " he eyed the bag in her basket , " which you have already . "
tr	PRES	He glances back long enough to ask , " Everyone all right ? "
tr	PRES	I detect one person above me .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through her dresser drawers .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PRES	In a way she loves you too .
tr	PAST	The years of lies and imprisonment at the hands of the Director washed through her like a current of cold blood .
tr	PAST	A New York Times ' reporter named Katelyn Fox uncovered his murderous spree .
tr	PRES	" Nobody bothers me there .
tr	PAST	She wove her hand in , using her nail scissors to sabotage Isabella 's dress .
tr	PRES	Fleck now sports a necklace of blue and green bruises .
tr	PAST	Liz stifled a scream .
tr	PRES	She glances at him .
tr	PAST	How his laughter had brightened her world .
tr	PAST	She carefully secured the house , not about to forget to lock up again .
tr	PAST	" A flare of emerald happiness , no more .
tr	PRES	I 'm surprised you 've tried talking me out of it for this long , " Josephine teased .
tr	PRES	" You threatening me ? "
tr	PAST	Shame washed through me .
tr	PRES	" Sydney , please don 't do this , " he begged .
tr	PRES	" Can I show you something , " he whispers , his mouth hovering above mine .
tr	PRES	Or her cousins ? "
tr	PAST	In addition , they provided the springboard for Trevor Thornley 's campaign .
tr	PAST	Tasha 's motions slowed as she thought about it .
tr	PRES	His Adam 's apple rises and falls .
tr	PRES	And if I manage to find those two missing pages in the process , my stock rises even higher .
tr	PRES	Nadia falls hard through the window and lands heavily on the ground .
tr	PRES	The creases between Michael 's eyebrows deepen .
tr	PAST	It glowed as if possessed .
tr	PRES	A fight begins at the front of the bar .
tr	PAST	Calling in her favorite stiletto , she balanced it in her hand and smiled .
tr	PRES	My decision stands , as does Henry 's .
tr	PRES	" What about Troy ? "
tr	PRES	Would probably always hunger to be with him .
tr	PRES	She snaps her head toward me as if coming out of a trance .
tr	PAST	However she easily refrained from doing so .
tr	PAST	Still , he gently massaged her back , arms , and shoulders until he felt certain she 'd feel no lingering effects from being tied up .
tr	PAST	The online classes we were taking required a lot of reading and answering multiple-choice questions .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a long cardboard box .
tr	PAST	His face tensed , and for a moment she thought she 'd pushed too far , but then he sighed and dropped the glamour .
tr	PRES	He points to the back .
tr	PRES	He points at a clock on the wall , and I see that it 's after ten .
tr	PRES	My stomach rises into my dry throat .
tr	PRES	Sitting across from me in our rowboat , he explains it to me .
tr	PRES	The figure bolted upright in the seat as soon as Jackson looked towards him .
tr	PRES	She uses their blood to bathe .
tr	PRES	Lord knows the team wasn 't attracting the crowds , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Devon seized hold of its arm , squeezing down until he heard , and felt the bone snap within his grasp .
tr	PAST	The softness of her scent floated beneath the lingering smell of sawdust .
tr	PAST	Cries and flatulence from the far corner of the house cheered the assistant on as he laid the final touches on a presentation well done .
tr	PRES	" And me just being seen there helps ? "
tr	PAST	" She 's what other people would call a menace to society , " he countered , his gaze never flinching .
tr	PRES	She pushes her fingers into her forehead and closes her eyes .
tr	PRES	My lips tremble as I stare at the bracelet .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " she reassured me weakly .
tr	PRES	After running hard for I don 't know how long , he stops and places me upon something soft .
tr	PRES	" She really hates her mom right now .
tr	PAST	Then he circled wide to the front of the house .
tr	PAST	Blood squirted from his wound in a thick geyser .
tr	PRES	The recording stops and the home screen returns .
tr	PAST	Nicolas perceived this as a slight .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to live , " she whispers , pushing past me .
tr	PRES	White fudge samples always do the trick .
tr	PAST	" You needed to whip them out and compare notes , " I countered .
tr	PRES	Demetri actually likes learning .
tr	PAST	" They barricaded themselves on the other side , " he stated crisply .
tr	PRES	Miss Glory , your Confederacy thanks you . "
tr	PAST	The deafening blast , blast , blast of a car horn and the screaming of skidding tires jolted Abe back to reality .
tr	PRES	It shimmers off his cheeks as if they are lit from inside .
tr	PAST	And he replayed , again and again , her voice whispering , " my handsome wolf " .
tr	PAST	" I 've lost , " the baron uttered and sat down looking beaten as much as one could .
tr	PAST	Z 's voice rumbled over her .
tr	PRES	He snorts as I set the phone and gun down on the kitchen counter .
tr	PRES	No signal at all ... " Ronald hissed .
tr	PRES	Senseless violence surrounded life in the West , gunfire being an ordinary occurrence in every town .
tr	PAST	" You aren 't my sister , " she accused .
tr	PAST	The guard 's mumbled voice stated .
tr	PRES	He removes the paper bag from the bottle of vodka and puts the tip of the bottle up to his mouth .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips and taps the table with her fingernails .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands out in supplication as I reach them .
tr	PAST	He inhaled too , but not quite as deeply as August , wary that in his sober state the tobacco would make him feel queasy .
tr	PAST	I gently tugged at his arm , not really able to pull him .
tr	PRES	' Yeah , but ... ' Julie begins , her voice uncharacteristically timid . '
tr	PRES	Change and the status quo .
tr	PAST	Eddy unfolded his arms , and shook hands with Ben , a little reluctantly .
tr	PRES	As the youngest and most ineffective child , no one ever pays attention to my comings and goings .
tr	PRES	" Jason 's a freak , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" You wish , " Bash countered softly .
tr	PRES	Peter returns Dham 's smile , but I notice it doesn 't reach his eyes .
tr	PAST	he enquired , amused with my perplexity .
tr	PRES	She squeezed him back , her sadness for Timmy making her heart break .
tr	PAST	Yeah , " I lied , tucking in the corners of the sheet as I made her bed .
tr	PRES	" New Jersey ? "
tr	PAST	I always feared you , Gregori , feared your power over me , feared what you represented , the loss of my freedom .
tr	PRES	That woman hates you , yet you won 't kill her to be safe .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the fine buildings as they flitted past .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked towards the affected spot .
tr	PAST	So I charged ahead , disregarding tree roots and twigs that sprang up and tried to trip me .
tr	PRES	The door opens and Cal appears , brightness behind her .
tr	PRES	' Where it issues from the shadow of the vale a green hill rises upon the east .
tr	PAST	She regarded her friend .
tr	PAST	The wolf sniffed disdainfully .
tr	PRES	Bob pops out of his chair and trots back into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" Full power now " the one legged Captain ordered .
tr	PRES	" Is everything ok ? "
tr	PAST	It accused him of ignoring her , and ignoring her wishes .
tr	PAST	They acted as body guards and guardians and kept the gates .
tr	PAST	I grunted as his fangs tore at it .
tr	PRES	" She refuses to talk about it . "
tr	PRES	Meredith queried , her eyes suddenly alight with interest .
tr	PRES	Through that tiny opening she sees the sunlight bright and clean .
tr	PRES	While her heroines often wield a sword , they equally value the skilled use of their intelligence , wisdom , courage , and compassion .
tr	PAST	I seized my notes from the writing table and flung them into the fire .
tr	PAST	He attempted an angelic expression that only strengthened my suspicion that he had no intention of actually following through .
tr	PRES	" They were putting him into the chamber when I heard you were waking and I came up here , " Aria explains .
tr	PAST	I doubted what I was feeling was the same thing that made Joseph think something was off .
tr	PRES	A smile of unrivaled appreciation and genuine happiness graces the old woman 's face .
tr	PAST	Sharp features lent her an aspect of intelligence ; we 'd find out whether that was true once we spoke .
tr	PRES	He danced and sang , and when his turn to solo came , he went to the front and performed like he had never done before .
tr	PRES	Nothing remains unchanged forever . "
tr	PRES	Apart from the odd chair , some office furniture , a few clothes racks .
tr	PAST	The publication bounced in the breeze and hit the Captain square in the face .
tr	PAST	He blamed himself for what she 'd become .
tr	PRES	Catching Hawk 's hot gaze , she teased him by tracing the edges of her lacy pink bra with her fingertips .
tr	PAST	James leaned in , saying something in his ear , pitched too low for even me to hear .
tr	PRES	" The only clue you 've had in your life , " Jack reminded him , " Enough of this inane banter .
tr	PRES	Eddie reaches under the table and grabs my hand and squeezes it .
tr	PRES	Say what you will about vampires , they value knowledge .
tr	PAST	Terror and pain exploded in Autumn 's chest .
tr	PRES	Skye 's voice matches her name , light and airy , which makes everything that comes out of her mouth sound sweet and innocent .
tr	PAST	' ' Abigail , wait for us ! "
tr	PRES	We file out of the car , the fresh damp air hitting me in the face , fragrant with the scent of eucalyptus .
tr	PRES	" What do mean helps what ? "
tr	PAST	I prowled toward the stairs , hitting my destination without interruption .
tr	PRES	Prisoners crave mail , but this was one package I could have done without .
tr	PAST	Obviously her father received the letter her mother wrote him .
tr	PRES	She lets out a shaky breath as she swings her feet out of the cab .
tr	PRES	My mother yawns and stretches , exposing her pink lace negligee from beneath her terry robe .
tr	PRES	" At least I have Mum and Steve , " she mumbled to herself .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hand away .
tr	PRES	Your fountain will be restored soon , " Navi points out , fuming at the fairy 's boldness .
tr	PAST	" Don 't move much for another five minutes and you 'll be golden , " Terry instructed .
tr	PRES	I wipe the side of my neck with the antiseptic , but when he reaches out with the needle , I pull back .
tr	PAST	One side of his lips tipped up , but it wasn 't a real smile that showed off those dimples .
tr	PRES	She hauled Audrey up by her houndstooth jacket and pulled her to the door .
tr	PAST	" We could be more , " he countered .
tr	PRES	He strokes her hair and kisses her tenderly on her forehead , her cheek and her lips .
tr	PAST	Somehow , it strengthened her , and she was able to push the overwhelming power being unleashed all around her from her thoughts .
tr	PRES	Tomorrow at sunset we would be among ogres , if all went as planned .
tr	PAST	Not even his Deity had ever dared such a thing .
tr	PAST	They toured the interior of the house , which was still drywall .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Riva ? "
tr	PAST	But then a group of guys and girls exit the bar , creating a lot of noise and making it so there are now witnesses .
tr	PAST	He prayed that God would give him the wisdom to deal with these prejudices as they came up on Monday .
tr	PRES	" You belong to a concentration camp . "
tr	PRES	He lets me take a shower first as he comes in and out of the bathroom freely .
tr	PRES	chapter twenty-one A day passes .
tr	PRES	No one touches you ever at all .
tr	PAST	A quick glance around the library revealed nothing , but I could still feel eyes on me , peering unseen from cracks and shadows .
tr	PAST	Azriel squinted in vain to see through the tinted windows .
tr	PAST	He eyed the manor with blessed relief as he approached , hoping old Gerald had stayed safe -- had he come to the keep ?
tr	PAST	Her hands hooked on to his jacket , and she held on .
tr	PAST	" So , tomorrow you 're with me , " his father announced over dinner .
tr	PRES	He whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	" A priest ? "
tr	PAST	Lights twinkled in some windows , but most were still dark .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Kyle with a quick jerk of his head .
tr	PAST	The door chimed on our way in .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Holiday lied , and almost sounded honest .
tr	PAST	They are really old , ' she stated with pride . '
tr	PRES	He draws his hand away , and I have to bite my lip to stifle a moan of protest .
tr	PAST	Bash flicked the cigarette away that he 'd only half finished and turned to face Josh .
tr	PRES	" James , " Bianca gasped , sounding shocked , distraught .
tr	PRES	He returns a second later with another navy sling .
tr	PAST	Tate quickly cleaned up the mess .
tr	PRES	She quietly snuck a couple of tissues from her purse and these were soon reduced to sopping rags .
tr	PRES	He stretches his hands above his head , yawning , and rubs his eyes roughly .
tr	PAST	" I hacked the system .
tr	PAST	" Forget it , " Roy urged , snatching up a pen , pretending to get to work .
tr	PAST	Alexia inched toward her .
tr	PAST	Twirling high above her head , weaving it 's self into a giant braid .
tr	PRES	The land in which we 'll be campaigning lies at awesome distance , up above the skies .
tr	PAST	' Not lost , ' countered Altair .
tr	PRES	A strangled sound rips through the room , followed by a gasp , and I force my eyes to open .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	He rummaged inside and brought back a small jar to hand to her .
tr	PAST	A car zipped past the opening of the alley , as bright and red as a smear of nail polish .
tr	PRES	Kamil points his finger at him .
tr	PRES	He frowns at me and then shakes his head before returning his attention to his phone .
tr	PAST	Her notes pitched higher and higher until the frequency shattered the ice ropes and they fell , harmless to the floor .
tr	PRES	Celeste shifted her weight , her bracelets jangling musically against one another .
tr	PAST	I unbuttoned his pink dress shirt , quickly discarding it .
tr	PRES	She holds her hand against the wound on her thigh .
tr	PAST	I sensed a nearby mailbox .
tr	PRES	A nice trek up to the Northlands and away from the Blood Queen .
tr	PRES	" Stop panicking . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes strayed to the glowing silver locks in Sophia 's hair .
tr	PRES	" Of course , sweetie , but he 's very busy .
tr	PRES	When I set the vase down in the living room , she reaches her hand inside and grabs a star .
tr	PAST	I dove into his mind and images and colors flashed into my own mind .
tr	PRES	" You have no idea , lass .
tr	PRES	Whatever it is , her menacing glare softens just a bit .
tr	PAST	" Crude , but effective , " Kaylie concurred .
tr	PAST	I twine my fingers into his mane , relishing his solid assurance .
tr	PRES	And no one passes here because the bushes and trees almost completely encircle you , leaving just one entrance and exit .
tr	PRES	She reaches out but stops herself short .
tr	PAST	Logan crouched beside him but kept his weapon clear and ready as he examined Jess 's face .
tr	PAST	This quieted Logan and Tristan .
tr	PRES	" I forgave you because I love you and I hate being without you .
tr	PRES	" She hates birds .
tr	PAST	He advised the RNC during the last campaign , he 's visited G. W. Bush at his Crawford ranch ... " Well , ew .
tr	PRES	" He swears she is here to help Shay find the truth of her curse . "
tr	PRES	Madam DOB stops , blinking the metal parts .
tr	PRES	I sob then say .
tr	PAST	He stares at me for a moment before lowering his head back to the pumpkins .
tr	PRES	" It 's all a bunch of shit if you ask me , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He tugged a little harder and my gaze snapped to his .
tr	PRES	" It 's not that , " Graham mumbled .
tr	PRES	It was there in his voice and still present in the expectant way he holds his body .
tr	PRES	Kevin enters after us , taking his place at the back of the room .
tr	PRES	When he takes it , his hand wraps briefly around mine and gives it a firm squeeze .
tr	PRES	All that anger changes what you are , reserved " - I opened my hands - " and turns it into dour . "
tr	PAST	She tensed , waiting for the boom of a shotgun , but nothing happened .
tr	PRES	" Here , " Elliott brings out a dress and tosses it to me .
tr	PRES	Twice begins to look like a habit . "
tr	PAST	Fire exploded up through the hilt of the angel 's sword and along the blade .
tr	PAST	Cole regarded Mira pensively .
tr	PAST	Between my Porsche and professional driving lessons you created a monster . "
tr	PRES	And then ... " That 's me , " Elder whispers .
tr	PRES	Or a rocket launcher ?
tr	PAST	" Or value uniquely specific to an individual , " Duncan countered .
tr	PAST	The stately warrior stiffened .
tr	PRES	Kayden slides his finger out of me and kisses me gently , his breath hot against my lips .
tr	PAST	He bounced , agitated , upon the balls of his bare feet .
tr	PRES	Bare skin in public somehow loses some of its sexual quality .
tr	PRES	" Have a good day , Jess . "
tr	PRES	" And if you -- " " What is it , Natalie ? "
tr	PAST	He exhaled , tried to focus on the proceedings .
tr	PAST	But the smell of eggs and bacon and homemade biscuits tipped the scale .
tr	PAST	Kit pretended to think about her suggestion , then shook her head .
tr	PRES	The team misses you in the patterns . "
tr	PRES	" I told Mother a thousand times not to fill it with all the food and the other stuff , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" You 're so sure of yourself , " she teased .
tr	PRES	The tunnels all connect to the sewage network so you can get in and out from almost anywhere . "
tr	PAST	TD or Hollis Matthews , maybe ? "
tr	PAST	Her voice mesmerized Josie .
tr	PAST	The wolves circled restlessly , their glowing yellow eyes fixed on the driver 's door .
tr	PAST	He sensed something was wrong .
tr	PAST	Though she radiated loss and loneliness , he also sensed a steel rod of strength and pride running through her .
tr	PRES	" Is she ok ?
tr	PRES	" Yes , darlin ' .
tr	PAST	The men elected him on the spot to command , and off they went .
tr	PRES	" After the bad publicity in that Montana town , I overreacted .
tr	PAST	He pretended to laugh at a joke of mine and then whispered into my ear .
tr	PAST	" Got to be someone who doesn 't mind getting their hands messy .
tr	PRES	" A Taser fits inside a purse .
tr	PAST	His voice dismissed them as he lifted the internal phone to dial Mr Happy 's number .
tr	PAST	She eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	He quickly dismissed his superstitions .
tr	PAST	My attention flicked to his face , shot back to the pad just as fast .
tr	PAST	' It cheered us up in the fogs .
tr	PAST	I jolted up , but he was strong , and apparently he didn 't realize I was trying to stop him .
tr	PRES	We bow to no man , et cetera .
tr	PAST	She squinted at him , trying to suss out whether he really needed her help or whether he was just being obstructionist .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled her lips .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brightly .
tr	PAST	The 9-month initiation proved hard on its leaders .
tr	PAST	The Seraph panicked and tried to mend the tear , but the bubble continued to contract until it was flush against his skin .
tr	PAST	He grunted and looked back out over the land .
tr	PAST	Reaching the rear double doors , which were made of reinforced steel , Alec attempted to shift inside and was prevented by a ward of some sort .
tr	PAST	He exhaled heavily down my throat , an enticing noise escaping his lips , making me shudder .
tr	PAST	She replaced the glass on the table , the contents untouched .
tr	PAST	He taps the cup in front of me .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand .
tr	PAST	Unlike what you may hear about brothers , we trusted one another . "
tr	PRES	Thunder roars again ; the rain hammers me .
tr	PAST	Grandma clutched her purse and marched for the escalators .
tr	PAST	Her tongue glided over her lips .
tr	PAST	" The lounge is spacious , " the building reassured her and Sarah got the distinct feeling that the word ' spacious ' was a considerable understatement .
tr	PAST	" It 's all so pretty , " Charlotte defended herself .
tr	PRES	" We -- nothing -- early -- " Light . "
tr	PRES	Hamilton visits McKay and he pours them two glasses of wine .
tr	PRES	The Mouse Queen pays the PCs the full reward of 100,000 gold pieces if they should choose to return the Holy Grail .
tr	PAST	Balthazar leaped forward , straight for Lorenzo .
tr	PRES	" I hadn 't thought of that , " Alma mumbled .
tr	PAST	A mixture of relief and happiness exploded inside me .
tr	PAST	Sarah Fuller , too , but she was sitting at a different table .
tr	PRES	Staring at him , his red flecks glisten .
tr	PRES	Gossip , somebody slamming some unknown person , event invitations , quotes ... James Preston is in a relationship .
tr	PRES	He climbs under the bar of the fence and stumbles into the corral unnaturally .
tr	PAST	He outweighed me by about a hundred kilos and his reach was much longer than mine .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , " Ashton mutters under his breath , glancing around .
tr	PRES	" Your sauce , " says Ricky , " it sings in the mouth . "
tr	PAST	He slapped my hand and looked up at Bailey then to me .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved upward in a wicked grin .
tr	PAST	My hands hooked around her hips and lifted her into the air tossing her onto the bed .
tr	PAST	I dig my fingers into her hair , cupping the back of her neck .
tr	PRES	she mutters , tossing the dish towel into the sink .
tr	PAST	However , those placer deposits proved to be small and unprofitable .
tr	PRES	I shout with the others .
tr	PRES	" Rather than letting her identify these seven people ... " Bastien continued .
tr	PAST	' Okay , ' Henrietta caved in .
tr	PAST	" You -- you killed her , " her voice wavered .
tr	PAST	they wept , and Anansi , he closed his eyes , and he breathed no more .
tr	PRES	Just leaning on the door opens the door !
tr	PRES	The deck lurches beneath the technician 's feet and he has to steady himself on the console .
tr	PAST	He puzzled over her face , and the shock and frustration that rested there .
tr	PRES	He probably blames you for it somehow .
tr	PAST	A groan rumbled from his chest .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of me and folds his arms over his chest .
tr	PRES	( Restorative slap here . )
tr	PRES	Because he loves to walk around stinking piles of dead bodies and listen to Elliott 's snide remarks ?
tr	PAST	Angelica tensed behind him and Voss edged backward to keep her in place , ignoring the flash of a pang in his shoulder .
tr	PAST	I unzipped the sleeping bag and threw it over me like a blanket .
tr	PAST	" Keep watching , " he urged as he spread her legs and licked his way through her already drenched folds .
tr	PAST	I emerged from the shower clean and smooth , my mangled chest the only blemish on my skin .
tr	PAST	Melanie adjusted the top .
tr	PAST	I then proceeded to write down each symbol 's numerical and letter meaning .
tr	PRES	Comes naturally to you though , huh ? "
tr	PRES	Faking a low , scooping swing , he suddenly changes into a spinning , vertical backslash , aiming to cleave the man in two .
tr	PRES	She likes it too much . "
tr	PRES	Logan sneaks up behind me , trapping me between his back and the sink .
tr	PAST	She inched forward carefully .
tr	PAST	Something smoked through his eyes and for a moment she thought she might have truly gotten through to him .
tr	PRES	I text back : So you 're saying I should ... attack him ?
tr	PAST	Reyes withdrew a package of turkey and a package of ham , looked from one to the other , then shrugged .
tr	PAST	Alex froze , keeping his white face hidden in the grass .
tr	PRES	" No , he deserves to be set free ! "
tr	PRES	When he blinked or talked his hairs danced .
tr	PAST	" Damen , please , " Mairi sobbed .
tr	PAST	He created the company with next to nothing and has been reaping profits with no real outlay ever since .
tr	PAST	From the deep dimples his smile created to the sharp cut lines his jaw made across his face to his chin .
tr	PRES	Cliff reaches his homeroom , which is just to the right of the stairwell .
tr	PRES	" It plays again and again in my nightmares . "
tr	PAST	A burst of light exploded , filling up the sky , but was quickly snuffed out as I heard Blake 's pained scream .
tr	PAST	" You just lied to my entire army , Kell . "
tr	PAST	She eyed the bunny slope with trepidation .
tr	PRES	Cassidy 's eyes shone with fear in the darkness .
tr	PRES	' Okay , swim . '
tr	PRES	He throws a cautious glance toward the car where James has his head against the steering wheel as if he 's tired of waiting .
tr	PAST	When he reached Ida , he extended a hand for her .
tr	PAST	Aria exclaimed , laughing out loud .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of me , his face hard , his eyes warm but worried .
tr	PAST	Jared hopped out of the jeep and flashed to my side to open my door for me .
tr	PAST	" Once , in real life , I had to fight off a pack of wolves from the sheep I protected .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , thank you , " the customer beamed at me .
tr	PRES	" Good lad . "
tr	PRES	At the top of the steps , Adrienne turned , her hand still resting on the balustrade .
tr	PRES	At my words , she relaxes a little .
tr	PRES	" Someone spoiled you , Jess .
tr	PAST	The wizards advanced in a body towards the organ .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Nisha , " I mumbled back .
tr	PAST	I stole a quick look at Dave ; he was watching us with a slight frown on his face .
tr	PRES	" That 's messed up , man , " Ty mumbled .
tr	PRES	" To feed the ducks . "
tr	PAST	" He chanced upon the house of a young woman who was unhappy in her marriage , for her husband was often away .
tr	PAST	Her happy shriek vibrated the entire phone .
tr	PRES	" They stung the hell out of me . "
tr	PAST	Enormous April collected miniature dolls , all types and styles .
tr	PRES	" I knew no one would be here , " he mutters after getting a good look at the dark house in the distance .
tr	PRES	And in this case , overwhelming numbers . "
tr	PAST	Mat flicked his reins , Pips continuing to plod along .
tr	PRES	He wears that hot wool jacket over his body , making my sweat from the coldness of the room .
tr	PAST	" The King won 't see you , " he piped .
tr	PRES	She flashes me a smile , but pauses .
tr	PRES	Our system monitors the implant for keywords only .
tr	PRES	Will stands in the front of the room and faces the students .
tr	PAST	He charged down the narrow lane , and Thor watched as his lance brushed off the shield of a competitor .
tr	PRES	" And what about Chess ? "
tr	PRES	A violent memory of the flood and the fire rips through his mind , and he jerks his head in an effort to make it stop .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	As it fanned open , Karou 's trademark characters wavered on the pages , gorgeously rendered and deeply strange .
tr	PRES	You scare the hell out of me .
tr	PAST	She served neighboring tables , pausing to talk at some , flirt at others , and avoid wandering hands as she worked .
tr	PAST	I exhaled softly and looked over as her eyes intently studied the road .
tr	PRES	" I could have killed him , " Lucy murmurs , reaching up to brush her hair back with her fingers .
tr	PRES	She whispers quick words as she stares into my eyes .
tr	PRES	' Umm ... ' She glances behind her .
tr	PAST	His head cocked sharply to the side and he asked , " Pardon ? "
tr	PAST	" I never stole from you .
tr	PRES	They slap and smile at each other then tumble from the platform .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	The distinct sound of an ocarina floats through the air among the sparse insects and drifting leaves .
tr	PRES	He considers what I said and then reaches for his pen again .
tr	PAST	A wry grin tugged at the corners of his mouth .
tr	PAST	She tugged on him .
tr	PAST	David required little of her attention .
tr	PRES	Cricket Bell remembers everything .
tr	PAST	She clutched the fabric to her body .
tr	PRES	" Listen , luv .
tr	PAST	" We were only kissing , " Helen defended them .
tr	PAST	It washed up against its walls in a twisted tangle of trees .
tr	PRES	A kid learns the basics damn fast on a ranch .
tr	PAST	He reappeared a minute later dressed in a pair of tropical print , baggy bathing trunks .
tr	PAST	" You better find some protection or you 'll have another kid to put through college , " Rebekah advised .
tr	PRES	It changes that which moves it and moves within it .
tr	PAST	Alexa gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	" A swarm . "
tr	PAST	Sorry I bothered you . "
tr	PAST	Now she wept again .
tr	PRES	Just out of control werewolves and vampires that want to feed and drain their prey dry . "
tr	PAST	Aged mid to early thirties she estimated , close enough to her own thirty-one years .
tr	PAST	Leo marveled at the hunter .
tr	PRES	Then the sky cracks and its starts to rain .
tr	PAST	Aldred emerged into the bailey and then froze , his hand slipping to his longsword .
tr	PRES	She opens the cabinet containing the crackers and cereal boxes .
tr	PAST	He smashed his right fist through the concrete wall and grabbed the black covered wires .
tr	PAST	She circled his tongue with hers , invaded his mouth with a hot abandon , like no kiss she 'd given before .
tr	PRES	At impact it draws energy from me to become a solid form .
tr	PRES	Every sort of inner organ imaginable .
tr	PRES	Grabbing my hips , Trick scoots me to the end of the table .
tr	PRES	' Another shoe factory ? '
tr	PRES	" We Princes share and share alike . "
tr	PRES	" If you mean Jace , he hates you too . "
tr	PAST	Tessa regarded the other girl with bafflement .
tr	PRES	Damon mocked , pul ing me out of my reverie .
tr	PRES	" Thanks a lot , " he hisses , disappearing toward the exit .
tr	PRES	James glides the car to the side of the road and parks .
tr	PAST	I giggled , as I bounced around him like a giddy school girl .
tr	PAST	A cheery jingle announced that she had a message .
tr	PAST	Jason described the colossal crab in the neighboring cavern , explaining how it currently impeded their way to the top of the cliff .
tr	PRES	She holds out her hand again , shaking mine , but even as she does , I can see her shaking off her earlier thoughts .
tr	PAST	Then , crawling sideways instead of backward , he prayed he 'd made it just far enough and drew the pruning knife from his parka pocket .
tr	PAST	Jake and Melissa received an awkward wave instead of a hug .
tr	PRES	Timothy quickly removes his gloves to shake his hand .
tr	PAST	I stood still , my breathing slowed and almost stopped .
tr	PRES	Adam stares at the material in Winston 's outstretched hand .
tr	PRES	" In case he doesn 't drink the wine , " she explains .
tr	PAST	Rich , rosy light shone down into the tanks , light that was much brighter than that in the corridors .
tr	PRES	Gary 's brother really likes being there and is happy that he made the move to them last year .
tr	PRES	" An item . "
tr	PAST	It bounced off a nose hole .
tr	PRES	When we get to Rusty 's car , this time something I think might be a GTO , Jenna opens the passenger door .
tr	PAST	The leaves rustled as the Oracle answered , " I was waiting for you . "
tr	PAST	She bounced a little on her toes .
tr	PRES	I describe what I saw between the levels .
tr	PRES	Not even any Kryptonite in this story , " I said , my chin resting on my palm .
tr	PRES	" Mr Nigel ? "
tr	PRES	Something inside my chest relaxes somewhat .
tr	PAST	Emma twirled under Sara 's arm , laughing .
tr	PAST	I shouldn 't have doubted even for a second .
tr	PAST	Shimmering rocks supported strategically placed vines , and plants held flowers that inspired romance .
tr	PRES	" I kinda like this place .
tr	PRES	June considers what I 've said and I expect her to erupt and scold me .
tr	PAST	She toyed with her hair .
tr	PAST	The wheels chugged in my head .
tr	PRES	It holds us together , one on top of the other .
tr	PRES	My breath hitches as he wraps his arms around me to pull the drawstring in the front and tighten them .
tr	PRES	The bot brings the tray faster than I would 've believed possible , and the room is silent as the doctor drains his glass .
tr	PAST	Emily cocked her head .
tr	PRES	" Your Majesty , the Church deems it a fish , suitable for Fridays .
tr	PAST	As he wiped at his eyes with his sleeve , he sensed a brightness , and when he looked again , his breath caught .
tr	PRES	" We 've been over this already , Jade .
tr	PRES	And at the same time he no longer witnessed the climb of the elderly man .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head in a slight bow .
tr	PRES	Max removes himself from his hiding spot and walks slowly to Mr. West , pushing his index fingers together and keeping his head low .
tr	PAST	After she finished the cheese , she extended her fingers toward the fire , delighting in the intense heat that licked the tips .
tr	PRES	He stops unable to go on through his laughter .
tr	PAST	She slowly retracted her hands from his .
tr	PAST	She screeched and clawed at her head , and Kaia could see that Clyde was watching his mother like a hawk .
tr	PAST	" Too bad , " I countered with a sigh .
tr	PAST	Plus , he lied to me .
tr	PRES	Her hand twitches , itching to leave the court and retrieve her property .
tr	PAST	he inquired in a low voice .
tr	PAST	But Riley sincerely doubted that he 'd ever convince Hannah of that .
tr	PAST	Eileen exclaimed , thoroughly angry with herself .
tr	PRES	I wince at the pinch of the piercing metal , drilling a hole into my flesh .
tr	PRES	" That tickles . "
tr	PAST	But then everything slowed down for me , because Bryce was in danger of getting hit by his dad .
tr	PAST	Slowly she sat up , her brain too fogged to make sense of what he was trying to tell her .
tr	PRES	The President uttered , " Why are you guys silent ?
tr	PRES	Pulling me further into the room , he stops in front of an oversized tub , half full of water , suds and flower petals .
tr	PAST	They posted a picture of me from the photo shoot , blurring certain parts to make it acceptable for TV .
tr	PAST	I froze , wondering if I was only imagining things , but the whine came again .
tr	PRES	He deserves a medal , perhaps the Nobel Prize , not a lawsuit . "
tr	PRES	I yell , as he manages to find the top position .
tr	PRES	I shake my head and smile to myself , Coop still refuses to call him Ryder .
tr	PAST	I slap my lips , together staring at Rann .
tr	PRES	And still he pushes me .
tr	PRES	My particular interest lies in the field of time space and how we must keep it on it 's due coarse .
tr	PRES	" The ambassador wishes me to convey her admiration for your incisive questions this morning .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with honesty as he reached my spot in the water .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned with embarrassment as I remembered my latest breakdown .
tr	PAST	They all announced , " To the glory of Allah . "
tr	PRES	She mumbled something and wouldn 't meet his eyes anymore .
tr	PRES	Because you 're that desperate , my mother 's voice hisses in my head .
tr	PAST	Alexander fiddled with a dandelion in the grass .
tr	PAST	My fangs never extended , and all of my other vampire ... features ... were contained . "
tr	PRES	" Purely from an aesthetic sense of course , no desire enters my mind .
tr	PRES	Seeming to have run out of wisecracks , Ashley frowned and muttered , " Bite me . "
tr	PAST	I clutched the girl 's hand tightly and jumped in .
tr	PAST	It matched my sundress perfectly .
tr	PRES	I snuck a glance at him from the corner of my eye .
tr	PRES	That explains so much . "
tr	PAST	A few days later ... Sitting on the window seat I twirled my pen while my math book lay open in my lap .
tr	PAST	Al conversation quieted as she once again held everyone 's attention .
tr	PRES	I lean to my left and look at the ground , but can 't identify my piece among all of its contemporaries .
tr	PAST	Stunned , Marguerite froze .
tr	PRES	" Uncle Frank swears that his business partner said the company was doing well when he first talked to him on Tuesday .
tr	PRES	" Towards realizing the true Self . "
tr	PAST	I prayed it would stop , but it continued , growing louder .
tr	PRES	Contents Chapter Thirty Eight " I 'll miss Chris .
tr	PRES	" But he uses humans for his experiments . "
tr	PRES	Her tongue slides across my lips , wriggling slightly at the seam of them .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it fabulous ? "
tr	PAST	An old man , as salty as the Earth itself , shuffled up to us .
tr	PAST	Eight large , hairy black spider legs sprouted from her torso , and she was covered with sharp black hairs .
tr	PAST	" Penn Station , " a voice boomed over the PA system .
tr	PAST	We both inched toward the door , as if it had one of those signs warning that it had hazardous nuclear material on the other side .
tr	PRES	" Spiderman wishes he could fly .
tr	PAST	I hopped on my bike and kicked it over .
tr	PAST	" Or maybe I 'm not into him or anyone else being ordered to service me as if they 're sex slaves , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Ted clutched onto the rung for dear life .
tr	PRES	All that power , control , perfection .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed hungrily over my body .
tr	PAST	She clasped my hand and I pulled her up the rest of the way , then I looked for Edmund .
tr	PRES	A full moon cast silver highlights on the surface of the water .
tr	PRES	" Still nothing definite ? "
tr	PAST	It soaked into my clothes and trickled through my hair .
tr	PAST	Shannon 's complexion blanched in an expression of fright .
tr	PAST	" We 'll buy it , " Sofie announced .
tr	PRES	" Is that a yes , Love ? "
tr	PRES	He snaps his head up and looks directly into Jacob 's eyes .
tr	PRES	" Magnus Bane . "
tr	PAST	He eyed my attire .
tr	PRES	He grasps my hand , and we head to the front of the stage and take our bows together .
tr	PAST	The boat pitched suddenly and she felt her own stomach lurch .
tr	PAST	Relief replaced some of the tension that had tightened every muscle in his belly .
tr	PAST	So she tipped her face upward , welcoming the soft cascade of snowflakes , hoping they would numb her brain and make her forget ... ... everything .
tr	PAST	He stuffed one end of his last cloth string into the black gunpowder , letting the other end hang down the side of the barrel .
tr	PRES	Often , in bed at night , she lets me go on and on about my day , my dreams , my goals .
tr	PAST	Dread inched up her spine , sending shivers over her shoulders .
tr	PRES	The king slams his fist down .
tr	PRES	She begins walking , but I stand my ground .
tr	PAST	I see her turn to Jada , hand extended in greeting .
tr	PAST	Grey pondered , ' I 'm not so sure .
tr	PAST	But slowly , very slowly , my eyes adjusted .
tr	PRES	All at once , Riley snaps from giddy girlfriend to drill sergeant mode .
tr	PAST	" They 've been fighting , " Sheila reported .
tr	PRES	Evelyn 's smile remains , but without its former touch of amusement .
tr	PAST	I just thanked him when he unburdened me of the bags .
tr	PAST	Then he regained his tongue and turned to her .
tr	PAST	Clarity dove in the pool and got the remote control .
tr	PRES	Her emerald eyes shone like jewels .
tr	PRES	" What , and let you corrupt him even faster ?
tr	PRES	Annette finally reaches out , and tugs on Derek 's arm .
tr	PAST	She flung her right arm up and slammed her head down hard to the right , momentarily trapping her captor 's knife arm away from her skin .
tr	PAST	Megan hauled me into the bathroom .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a deep breath and waited for the sadness to pass .
tr	PRES	Kyle , our storm chaser guide , snaps a photo for his website .
tr	PAST	A third time , and Ashley busted out laughing .
tr	PRES	As I said , I detest cruelty .
tr	PRES	She points at the floor .
tr	PAST	The bear , a giant of a thing , regained his feet and swiped the shotgun out of Xavier 's hands .
tr	PRES	Carefully , gingerly , they harvest the honey from the bees that feed on the pollen of those trees and make their long perilous journey back .
tr	PRES	He reaches across me for something behind my head and flutters fill my stomach .
tr	PRES	" Of course she 's not , jackass .
tr	PAST	Canto 25 Minster pretended to peruse the jewelry in the case .
tr	PAST	Frowning , she flicked her vision back into the Shade , and was almost blinded by the devil 's trap painted up there .
tr	PAST	But when he had said he wasn 't seeing London anymore , I had caved .
tr	PRES	Good job JJ . "
tr	PAST	He slowed down , but gave no indication that he planned on pulling over , so I decided to wait for the next stoplight .
tr	PAST	She plopped back down onto the table , threw open the box , and removed a locked little book decorated with stickers and glitter .
tr	PAST	A tapestry of vibrant autumn painted around them over the gently curving land which reaches out , crawling toward the Appalachian Mountains southeast in Kentucky .
tr	PAST	Not sure how far he would go ahead without me , I shuffled forward a few steps .
tr	PAST	The tunnel curved , and a set of large double doors appeared at the end .
tr	PAST	The light from the room below wavered then brightened then rose and fell in brightness .
tr	PAST	" And , " Bridgett urged .
tr	PAST	This afternoon I visited the constable and asked to know who found the boy .
tr	PAST	" Take him , " Cassie urged .
tr	PAST	A young man in uniform cowered under a table next to him ; he looked to be about eighteen .
tr	PRES	Breathing through clenched teeth , he wraps up his hand with a paper towel .
tr	PAST	The second Rack demon I toyed with , catching it by the neck and lifting it into the air .
tr	PAST	Very little vegetation sprouted outside , and that which did was spotted with black .
tr	PRES	" Because they despise the Most High , and He loves you .
tr	PRES	" Well , if you 're offering - " " NO !
tr	PAST	His thick sex extended the front of his short , snug boxers .
tr	PRES	He begins to imagine various possibilities for how they will later make the ascent back to the top .
tr	PAST	There his nieces awaited him .
tr	PAST	Pins and needles carpeted his body inside and out .
tr	PAST	I groped desperately for something to say , wishing again I 'd learned the social skills that came so easily to others .
tr	PRES	He stands nine feet and one inches weighing 830 pounds of insulated fat , blood , flesh , minerals , and muscles , mostly fat .
tr	PAST	Nikolas merely grunted as if to insinuate that Xavier was wasting his life with such distractions .
tr	PAST	I should have slapped him , reported him and had him hung .
tr	PRES	After the paperwork is completed , he produces a pair of golden keys .
tr	PAST	All her life you protected her .
tr	PAST	The spear transfixed a cloud of inky smoke without resistance , hit the ground , and broke .
tr	PAST	Simone cocked her head irritably at his quick reversal .
tr	PAST	He caressed the outside of my thighs , my calves , still encased in nylon .
tr	PAST	All at once I was taken by a sharp sensation , something best described as vertigo minus the threat of height .
tr	PAST	" I proved I was the best vineyard worker .
tr	PRES	Once I saw Tyler come backstage from where the curtain dropped , I stalked towards him .
tr	PRES	He rips the bear 's head off and throws it on the ground .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the chair on the left , which Steven took .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six We knew when we were close .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand to her .
tr	PAST	" Not that I know of , " I stated .
tr	PRES	Her brows black and drawn in an angle of defiance .
tr	PRES	They swarm to whatever side is closest to you in the hopes of contaminating you .
tr	PAST	Thick dust floated in the air of the dark burrow so the Snake 's senses became confused .
tr	PAST	" Is the sky painted ? "
tr	PAST	" Sam risked a lot to be with you .
tr	PRES	Gage opens the one at the end with caution before ushering us inside .
tr	PAST	The man tensed , a cup of coffee halfway to his lips , as his eyes slid toward Corrado .
tr	PAST	He acted like his mausoleum was the greatest thing ever while appearing to believe that it was the only place to stay cool .
tr	PRES	In fact , for some reason , it downright pisses me off .
tr	PAST	" It 's a - " Calliope slapped her hand over my mouth .
tr	PRES	Now , a tall forest of evergreens and oak and ash surround the house .
tr	PRES	Two soldiers standing guard at the manor house bow low to her .
tr	PAST	She announced to the group .
tr	PAST	A loud , wrenching sound shattered my peace .
tr	PRES	" You ruined Cora .
tr	PRES	Sydney stares at the floor .
tr	PRES	I drag my blade against the pentacle on the floor , severing the magical ties of completeness .
tr	PRES	Sand in the beard brings about a tortuous itch .
tr	PRES	It throws fire -- remember ?
tr	PRES	Since this psycho upped and left town , leaving Maggie to fall apart .
tr	PRES	Jewels shone upon fields of precious metal bright as stars , black as onyx .
tr	PAST	With a sheepish look on his face , one of the young Garde slowed down .
tr	PRES	* It stung that she wouldn 't make the effort to wish him happy , but he wasn 't surprised .
tr	PAST	Anger pierced his heart .
tr	PAST	Terrence slapped his hand to his pocket as if remembering something .
tr	PRES	Tasker glares at me , then the stranger , then his fellows .
tr	PAST	She feared the coming separation from him , but she had to find Jasmine .
tr	PRES	" Gwen deserves to be happy .
tr	PAST	Daniel flicked aside the hair on his wrist .
tr	PAST	" You won , " she squealed , her smile enveloping him every bit as much as if she 'd hugged him .
tr	PRES	" What kind of tricks ? "
tr	PRES	What monster breaths poison so casually ? "
tr	PRES	If I focus on a light , it glides towards me , stopping when I tell it .
tr	PAST	From the moment I laid eyes on him , he represented the life I would never have .
tr	PAST	" That sounds great , " she marveled .
tr	PAST	And of course this resulted in the neurosis being awakened or activated or whatever the term is for when a neurosis leaves its hibernation and takes control .
tr	PAST	She thanked God and all the saints for that .
tr	PAST	The words fumble out of me in an untamed flow of wild waters .
tr	PRES	Caleb points out houses where there used to be farms , and suggests we turn back toward the highway .
tr	PAST	He feared he 'd frightened her so badly that she 'd fled in horror .
tr	PRES	Viggo 's eyes had turned cold , his smile menacing .
tr	PAST	Shawn surmised that these creatures , which walked as humans at night , were tired of spending the majority of the day as a statue .
tr	PRES	Says he works with a celebrity who wants to come by today and check out our facility . "
tr	PAST	Rema exclaimed , her eyes widening at the revelation .
tr	PAST	" When he 's done he 'll tell me , " he stated in a voice that said that line of conversation was done .
tr	PRES	" Or fight scenes .
tr	PAST	She slapped at his arm .
tr	PRES	Anyway , it helps Ion if someone is listening to the word on the streets .
tr	PAST	" We 're done , " Sheila announced .
tr	PAST	I described how the vampire had returned to open the door , allowing me to escape .
tr	PAST	He stamps the starfish beside the cake .
tr	PAST	Anne 's eyes flicked away and she sighed .
tr	PAST	Chess required strategy , deliberation and the ability to forecast consequences , and he 'd transferred those cerebral skills into every aspect of his life .
tr	PAST	Darkness is encroaching and the lights of the midway are on , the Ferris wheel outlined in a circle of white .
tr	PRES	But of course , none of that mattered now .
tr	PAST	She sensed that he needed the answer ; that it was a need for him as much as an understanding about her .
tr	PAST	I ambled up to the side of the barn squeezing my body against the coarse weather beaten wood .
tr	PAST	The sorceress shrieked with pain and rage .
tr	PAST	How unlike a woman of your situation not to smile and look flattered ! "
tr	PAST	" When you were lying there on the floor ... " His voice faltered slightly .
tr	PRES	He lets me go into the back room , so I can pick out the rat I want .
tr	PAST	Pearl unfolded her arms and pointed at Grace .
tr	PRES	Sighs Bjorn pulling out his sword and disarming the man in one motion .
tr	PAST	She stiffened a little and caught Cal 's arm .
tr	PAST	She sniffed up her tears and inhaled a shaky breath .
tr	PRES	Ella was about to follow when little John rushed towards her , his eyes gleaming with excitement .
tr	PRES	" Secret signals ? "
tr	PRES	With green brilliance they shine on me and it feels like I am falling .
tr	PRES	The guy talks in circles . "
tr	PAST	He served six months and left in disgrace .
tr	PAST	The two security operatives hopped out of the car with the guns drawn and cautiously approached .
tr	PAST	I nod , taking in a deep breath , feeling each footfall as it lands in the soft dirt , dirt churned by countless feet and hooves .
tr	PRES	" It would not be very practical , Elijah .
tr	PRES	I stir my cocoa and mash a few of the lumps of cocoa against the side of the mug with the back of the spoon .
tr	PRES	I wipe the sweat from my forehead .
tr	PRES	He guides me into the sparsely populated restaurant , and we find a booth in the back corner .
tr	PRES	" The Red Dawn approaches ! "
tr	PRES	Serena breathes a small sigh of relief for them -- and for herself .
tr	PRES	The organization funds educational programs for at-risk youth in the city . "
tr	PAST	When he bent towards me , I tensed .
tr	PAST	I just received the letter today in the mail .
tr	PRES	" That explains a lot . "
tr	PAST	Having been without sex for so long , Bowe dreamed about it constantly .
tr	PAST	She freed her hand from his .
tr	PRES	But before all your updates , his closet system stands out .
tr	PRES	Using his thumb , Ty points over his shoulder at the house .
tr	PRES	" He just always brings him up .
tr	PRES	" Nice doggie ! "
tr	PAST	But it revealed the depth of his pain .
tr	PAST	Lauren tugged to get the sheet around the corner of the crib mattress .
tr	PRES	and " Awesome ! "
tr	PRES	" I 'm not normally a jealous guy , I swear , " he offers as explanation .
tr	PRES	" That bothers you ? "
tr	PAST	She stuffed her work clothes in a to-go bag and walked through the kitchen door into the main dining area .
tr	PRES	Running around the deck , Lucas quickly stops .
tr	PRES	Faint light shone through the thick lead windows .
tr	PAST	She flicked her wrist and tapped her head to emphasize her words .
tr	PRES	She tries to brush past me again so I grab the vase from her hands .
tr	PRES	Lily turned to look at the men , her eyes alight with excitement .
tr	PRES	She giggles , and I hear my dad growl .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to strip me of all my clothes .
tr	PRES	They connect wirelessly to the Internet at any Wi-Fi hotspot .
tr	PRES	" Little charmer . "
tr	PAST	Then he plunged hard .
tr	PAST	" One thing is certain , a family divided cannot stand as strongly as one united .
tr	PRES	Emma whispers as collapse against the wall .
tr	PAST	He dove down again through the greenish water and went up along the other side .
tr	PRES	He studied me , head resting on his knees .
tr	PAST	When she was sure of her footing , she collected the dishes and patiently made her way toward the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Because he sees the way her body curves when she steams the milk , and it makes something twist up peaceful inside of him .
tr	PAST	Snow mixed with icy sleet soaked his socks .
tr	PAST	Callie eyed his torso and gently touched her fingers to his face .
tr	PRES	She points the pistol in the air and fires three times in deliberately paced succession .
tr	PRES	And a very astute one .
tr	PAST	He reclined the seat and lifted his hips , pulling his shirt free .
tr	PAST	I clutched his arm , and I could feel tears welling up in my eyes for the first time .
tr	PAST	" For God 's sake , Viper , it is almost dawn , " she gritted , as if he were almost too stupid to bear .
tr	PRES	She stands , grabs her bag , and lets herself out the door without a word .
tr	PAST	The character brightened momentarily , seeming to pulse with life ; then it flashed weakly like a man heaving his last breath .
tr	PRES	" Not for long , Your Lordship . "
tr	PAST	The earth rumbled and the sky darkened .
tr	PRES	I crash through the next doorway and stagger into the hall .
tr	PRES	Tack holds up a hand and gestures for silence .
tr	PAST	" There you go , sounding all surprised again . "
tr	PAST	I stomped right up to him and told him what for .
tr	PAST	A week later Paige secured the blanket under her daughter 's chin , strains of guitar music drifting up through the bedroom window from the front porch .
tr	PAST	Reaching up , Brian fisted each side of his pillow , wishing the light was on so he could watch her suck him .
tr	PRES	" Not really , " Addy mumbled , but she doubted her mother heard because Gran spoke over her .
tr	PAST	When he landed in the sand , I cheered .
tr	PRES	It helps to alleviate the constant bombardment of energy .
tr	PAST	The female servants far outweighed the males .
tr	PAST	Her head exploded with pain .
tr	PRES	Looking into Adams ' eyes , Parks sees cold fury , and holds his tongue .
tr	PRES	I confess , I was starting to panic , as I didn 't have something to read at home . "
tr	PRES	A great dome of light stands over the whole garden .
tr	PAST	The purr of a car engine lingered behind her .
tr	PRES	Collin talks about you all the time . "
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back , leaning against his chest .
tr	PRES	He uses circular polarization to make one stream go clockwise and the other go counter-clockwise .
tr	PRES	Good concealment until the last minute . "
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PAST	Things arose that had infused Edward with multiple causes for concern .
tr	PAST	Using sweatshirts and jackets , we split the field into two and marked the end zones .
tr	PAST	With her eyes closed , her long , dark lashes fanned out against her pale skin .
tr	PAST	Dot scampered toward it , barking hysterically .
tr	PAST	His hand lingered for just a second before he moved it .
tr	PRES	" That young lady likes you a lot . "
tr	PAST	Something rasped across the darkness and my heart leaped in my chest and I lunged at that thin vertical line of light .
tr	PRES	" Bath tub . "
tr	PRES	SIX " Bonnie ! "
tr	PRES	" It just brings back memories . "
tr	PRES	The shorter of the three holds her long nose closed in agreement .
tr	PAST	He crouched down behind them , out of sight .
tr	PAST	He eyed her warily , then grinned .
tr	PAST	She steadied her staggered breath , dragged in air from between her lips .
tr	PRES	She reaches out her free hand in front of her and crushes it into a fist .
tr	PRES	Because it had been more than just losing the truest of true loves , as if that were not enough to kill anyone .
tr	PAST	They advertised for a governess , and she arrived on their doorstep . "
tr	PAST	I opted to keep my mouth shut for the moment .
tr	PRES	" So " Jenna grinned , dipping the brush in the nail varnish .
tr	PAST	At the centre of the hollow , the object that held the spider 's attention glowed softly silver in the dim light of the jungle .
tr	PAST	In turn , she eyed him , studying him like a book .
tr	PRES	It changes everything I thought I knew . "
tr	PRES	Pressed , pristine , soft , white and it fits me perfectly .
tr	PRES	He pulled gently away , his eyes bleak as he stood .
tr	PRES	You snap a picture , and you can be sure it 's going to be perfect .
tr	PRES	" So ... " Ryan begins , " what was the original name of Ponce Inlet ? "
tr	PRES	He chuckles , his eyes twinkling .
tr	PRES	We sell our books through distributors and book shows , same as everyone else . "
tr	PRES	I twine my arm through his and we wend our way back into the town .
tr	PAST	Smoke spouted from Ganesha 's trunk .
tr	PRES	Not my Z , because it only seats two comfortably .
tr	PRES	The house changes , but it 's the walls around the place that extend to damn near the interstate . "
tr	PAST	" And you denied it ? "
tr	PAST	He froze on top of me as his brain finally registered the eerie presence radiating off me .
tr	PRES	I swing the metal bedpan down hard .
tr	PAST	Just as I was closing my eyes to kiss him , my heart pounding and mouth ready , the elevator doors chimed their arrival .
tr	PAST	I sped down the street , not thinking about the icy roads or my car .
tr	PRES	" Good thing he loves what he does .
tr	PAST	Several wagons ambled by , followed by shouting .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , still watching him carefully .
tr	PRES	" Fifteen taxis to the Community Centre at Cadbury Council Estate in Weston .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ! "
tr	PAST	He lied straight to my face just then and I hated him even more for it .
tr	PAST	Boo leaped down from the rail and into his lap .
tr	PAST	The way his fingers caressed my skin and how he seemed able to elicit pleasure from just looking at me properly .
tr	PAST	My heart pinched with pain at the realization that she could be just fine without me .
tr	PAST	Rose shrieked his name .
tr	PRES	" Because your pride has been hurt , you threaten the very vampires you just invited back into your fold ?
tr	PRES	" What schools ? "
tr	PRES	I snap that over the ring and stand back .
tr	PAST	' The invisible handmaiden , ' Diana scoffed .
tr	PAST	Barrett flicked them a quick glance .
tr	PAST	Feeling marginally better after her all-night weep fest , she washed her face and straightened her hair .
tr	PAST	The bear padded softly away , and the boy said , " I hope he wasn 't bothering you ... he 's ever so curious . "
tr	PRES	Manny crawls over Daniel 's lap , joins Coto , and watches Leon .
tr	PAST	He slapped me on the back .
tr	PRES	A similar thing occurs with a charmed stake .
tr	PRES	He stops and looks dead at me .
tr	PRES	Swiftly , Salina draws her own knife and presses it against Flynn 's throat .
tr	PRES	" Can you spare two men ? "
tr	PRES	" How about some shooting lessons sometime ? "
tr	PRES	Sometimes he invites members to stay with him .
tr	PRES	" He hates you . "
tr	PAST	She asked , closing out whatever she was leafing through on her glove and looking at me , her head cocked a little to the side .
tr	PAST	He never smoked them , just seemed to like handling them .
tr	PAST	She fumed as her eyes narrowed .
tr	PRES	Says a feminine voice back to the man .
tr	PAST	As if he sensed her reluctance to return Rand transferred his hands from her torso to flank hers on the handlebars .
tr	PAST	She doubted whether they had even done anything as substantive , however , as the prank they were about to pull on her brother and his friend .
tr	PRES	Unsure what to say Kol remains perfectly still and silent unable to do anything except watch .
tr	PRES	" To an extent .
tr	PAST	She bounced on her heels with excitement , eagerly waiting for our response .
tr	PRES	The brick cellar once more .
tr	PRES	" The winds ! "
tr	PAST	My gaze constantly soaked in the details of my surroundings .
tr	PRES	I assume it has to do with Diana and the accident . "
tr	PRES	" It brings evil with it !
tr	PAST	" I 'm not a normal Brit , " he joked .
tr	PRES	Travis stands up , too .
tr	PRES	Who holds me close and keeps me safe .
tr	PRES	I thought , She wishes .
tr	PRES	My dad clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Running for the door , Josh charged into the cold night air to find his brand-new Ford Excursion engulfed in flames .
tr	PRES	She has brought her very own brightness here , " Madam Enid announces .
tr	PAST	They lingered on and collected members slowly , always moving when they became noticed .
tr	PAST	She and the man in the picture named Rolf Peterson were having coffee one afternoon .
tr	PRES	She winks and then walks away .
tr	PAST	Dan shuffled nervously in his seat .
tr	PAST	Dragging the phone toward him , he dialed his wife 's cell .
tr	PRES	They occur once every six hundred thousand years . "
tr	PAST	As soon as the path to Goliath was clear , Joey charged .
tr	PRES	I savor the memory for a brief moment -- until the sadness creeps in .
tr	PRES	" She loves the ranch , William .
tr	PAST	Tears emerged from my eyes and wet the pillowcase before they even had a chance to roll down my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" You two scare me ?
tr	PRES	He pushes past Dax and Hayden to be at my side .
tr	PAST	His low chuckle rumbled along the breeze .
tr	PAST	Alaric rummaged in his rucksack and produced a loaf of bread and a large sausage .
tr	PAST	The youth extended his thin blue horny hand and Tibor shook it awkwardly with his front right extensor .
tr	PAST	We sought the one who had the strength to defeat the Gift , the ancient Gift from this side of the Sea . "
tr	PRES	I shout , which stops him .
tr	PAST	Dante 's thumb massaged his knotted brow .
tr	PRES	The guard glances at us .
tr	PAST	Then she slapped him .
tr	PAST	Sean inches his hand further up my leg .
tr	PRES	Left a pair of young children orphaned . "
tr	PAST	Where buildings had stood , now only rubble and dust prevailed .
tr	PAST	Nicole clasped her hands before her and said weakly , " I like both ? "
tr	PRES	He whispers , his breath hot against my ear .
tr	PRES	" What an accomplishment .
tr	PRES	" Only if you want to be , lad .
tr	PAST	" They used the same trick on the opening , they matched the paint to a sharp right turn .
tr	PRES	He remembers Batman and Robin .
tr	PRES	In fact , I teach that skill to the more advanced runners in my coaching group . "
tr	PRES	I been listening to this guy plays the pan flute .
tr	PAST	Something in Gabriel 's eyes fractured .
tr	PRES	The left fork carries on north to the witches and the right fork , I 've been told , leads to the spider nest . "
tr	PAST	Fucking Sonia so hard her moans were sharp and curt , jolted to silence by his thrusts .
tr	PRES	He hates our small apartment , and the fact that not even half of my clothes fit in our closets . "
tr	PAST	By early morning , she awoke and head downstairs to brew coffee .
tr	PRES	She tries to touch my shoulder and I yank it away , not wanting to be comforted .
tr	PRES	A thousand questions tickle at my tongue , but I bite them back .
tr	PRES	The world changes a lot ; it 's hard to keep up . "
tr	PRES	I kind of freaked out .
tr	PAST	His voice wavered a little .
tr	PRES	" I highly doubt that , " she mumbled to herself .
tr	PAST	The intercom buzzed again and I got up to answer it .
tr	PRES	" You 're an idiot , " he whispers as we take our seats .
tr	PAST	Evan scored three goals that period and assisted with four others .
tr	PAST	Claire again tugged down the sleeve over the tattoo , and her fingers skimmed over the gold bracelet she still wore .
tr	PRES	He holds my hand and caresses it with his thumb .
tr	PRES	She falls back against the door and I quickly zip myself back up while looking at her stunned face .
tr	PAST	" And stop comparing yourself to us .
tr	PAST	Bright waves of fires sped down the wires and it looked like Kya was burning with sunlight streaming down every part of her body .
tr	PAST	His face brightened immediately .
tr	PAST	A small , wry smile tugged at Stanton 's lips .
tr	PRES	" They are just people , " she mumbled under her breath .
tr	PAST	Rings , necklaces , bracelets and bands of gold and silver , studded with precious stones , adorned fingers , necks , arms and wrists .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , all black with a red belly .
tr	PRES	When we met that day , you awakened me .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens , but my brain hasn 't yet figured out what words to use in my response , so I close it .
tr	PRES	Ginny rounds the corner and begins climbing a steep , narrow set of wooden stairs .
tr	PRES	" But she loves to eat . "
tr	PRES	His gaze briefly flicks to me .
tr	PRES	The mist clears , the woman has gone , the water below ripples as if a large body has just passed through and down into the depths .
tr	PRES	asks Carolina as she glances between the two of us .
tr	PAST	He limped on until he stood over her .
tr	PAST	" Would you guys quit ? "
tr	PAST	And he doubted the guy was bluffing .
tr	PAST	" Yes you all received ten assignments . "
tr	PAST	Monkeys screeched from their outdoor habitats .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six She followed the sound of snarls .
tr	PAST	And he sought the more to have his will in other matters , shirking no toil or burden , if he might thereby have power .
tr	PRES	Congratulates Greg as I mutter under my breath and nurse my throbbing side .
tr	PRES	That wil tel you which direction it 's running .
tr	PRES	We belong to no one . '
tr	PAST	His muscular body boxed me in .
tr	PRES	He flinches from the pain and then turns fiercely and grabs me by my shoulders , backing me hard against the wall as I gasp .
tr	PRES	He holds his cock and strokes me a few times before drawing back and sliding inside me .
tr	PRES	My second light flashes on .
tr	PRES	Delilah also deserves this .
tr	PRES	" In a minute , bud . "
tr	PRES	The Father delights in His Son ; the Son looks up to His Father .
tr	PAST	she enquired in a delighted sort of voice .
tr	PRES	Then they were tracing along the line of her bra , his warm palms resting on her stomach .
tr	PRES	She finally looks at me , her eyes gleaming with delight .
tr	PRES	But after a few jokes , the man falls silent .
tr	PAST	As the beating became a butchering , everyone fled .
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere a spear of electricity pierced the flames surrounding the house and hit her in the chest .
tr	PAST	Once David told him about all the evidence we had piled up on him , he quit and left .
tr	PRES	Harry reaches up and scratches the side of his jaw where a little stubble is starting to grow .
tr	PRES	Any scheme that draws their ire draws my suspicions . "
tr	PAST	" Got a horse of my own now .
tr	PRES	However , the act states there are exceptions .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side , his forehead creasing over with worry lines .
tr	PRES	The nurse bandages the girl 's cuts .
tr	PRES	His dick throbs , and I savor every moment .
tr	PAST	Cade described the accident that hospitalized her best friend .
tr	PAST	My body floated inside a warm bubble , and the steady rhythm of a heartbeat pulsed around me .
tr	PRES	Before then , I urge you to take this chance to travel , see the world and all of what 's out there .
tr	PAST	Tristan still limped a little , walking .
tr	PRES	He pul ed away .
tr	PAST	Sheree doubted it ever would be .
tr	PAST	Maybe he 'd panicked and , fearing his brother would become a suspect , provided an alibi .
tr	PAST	All females bore twins and sometimes more but only one child , was allowed to live beyond the first few months .
tr	PAST	Teri stripped off her jacket and dumped it on a chair , walked out of her shoes , and collapsed on the sofa .
tr	PRES	Cold air drifts into the bottom of the large white tent housing the hundreds of guests and chills my ankles .
tr	PRES	" Daddy , " I whimper .
tr	PRES	" Just some guy , huh , " Jen said , watching her from the bread dough she was kneading .
tr	PAST	The Professor regarded us , the tweed and glasses and bow tie all striking me as absurdly unfunny .
tr	PRES	A video floats in the air .
tr	PRES	Somehow it eases the pain .
tr	PRES	Hungry as I am , I hesitate to eat her offering .
tr	PAST	I tensed , ready to sprint .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure your maid 's not going to tell your mom or dad we snuck in here ? "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side and the blinding smile he wielded like a weapon fell off of his face .
tr	PAST	More like a soap bubble cocooned in mist .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Kahn chalked up her cue and sank the six into the corner pocket .
tr	PRES	Jack lurches forward and gets stuck in the chair with his butt propped up in the air .
tr	PRES	" He saved my life , " she mumbled and placed a hand on Yuri 's chest .
tr	PAST	" Will you two stop , " chided Mary .
tr	PAST	She awoke an hour later and jumped from the bed .
tr	PRES	Will stops laughing when he sees the blood on my shirt .
tr	PAST	She glowed again and his slide abruptly stopped , his kicking feet dislodging a few more of the tiles that crashed unnoticed amongst the men below .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the straps on her back , making sure they were snug to reduce chafing , and began the long , hot trudge to the station .
tr	PAST	As the entire bridge gave way he utilized the only option he had left .
tr	PRES	He deserves someone much better than me .
tr	PRES	" I bruise easy , that 's all there is to it . "
tr	PRES	She measures oatmeal into the pan and covers it again , then returns the oatmeal box to the cabinet .
tr	PAST	Many of the girls fantasized about him as some sort of prince charming , or knight in shining armor .
tr	PRES	I yawn and stretch my arms over my head .
tr	PRES	" And your nails .
tr	PAST	Blake flagged over the waitress and ordered a bottle of wine .
tr	PAST	I doubted such a thing existed , except in his own crazy , Parisian mind .
tr	PAST	Her scent soaked his nostrils and the connection between them seethed with electricity .
tr	PRES	He digs fingers into my waist and yanks me closer , acting all sexy alpha male .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Kat .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to see him , " announced John , and started toward the steps .
tr	PRES	" What the ... get the fuck out of my house . "
tr	PAST	They regarded me with puzzlement , and then with increasingly open amusement .
tr	PRES	I settle for some comfortable lace-up blue sneakers .
tr	PRES	" EVERYONE STOP , " I shout , and my voice echoes in all of their ears .
tr	PRES	The scenery around them changes .
tr	PRES	Not all medicine affects everyone the same way . "
tr	PAST	Kara perked up , startled .
tr	PRES	He flips through screens of text intently and then turns and says , " I think I got something . "
tr	PRES	" You 've done a major about-face , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Fury zipped his jacket up .
tr	PRES	The boys teased and chided her .
tr	PRES	" Du n no yet .
tr	PRES	" He hates his wife . "
tr	PRES	Though he did always estimate , keeping in mind the magic number sixty .
tr	PRES	" How dare you compare me to him !
tr	PAST	Nathan 's face blanched .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around my body and weep .
tr	PRES	Castle uses his energy to toss the objects into the air and it 's my job to destroy them from across the room .
tr	PAST	He extended his other hand and raised her chin , forcing her to make eye contact .
tr	PRES	And in this sanctioned off arena , your mind begins to worry .
tr	PRES	She lets her hands fall away from my face .
tr	PAST	He crawled back , dragging his body across the distance to hers .
tr	PRES	" Micha I - " " Stop arguing and take it young lady , " I warn with humor in my tone .
tr	PRES	She looked over at the smirk on my face and giggled , her ponytail bouncing with her laugh .
tr	PRES	I 'm so happy with you , here , with me , " I sob .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PAST	My vision glazed over .
tr	PAST	He hauled her close , not even caring that at least ten sets of curious eyes were on them .
tr	PAST	Here , his eyes never dimmed and his demeanor never shifted .
tr	PRES	As it approaches me , it throws back its head and lets out a shriek before charging .
tr	PRES	For saving me . "
tr	PRES	" You 're wrong dude , " Hicks states emphatically .
tr	PAST	Brigid visited twice before the wedding , stressed and anxious .
tr	PRES	If they capture that rogue of a king he deserves to be hung ! "
tr	PRES	" One of the fake crime scenes that they use to test us , like the sets in the basement . "
tr	PAST	Will scoffed as we ascended the staircase back to the room .
tr	PRES	And then he opens the door of the small block home .
tr	PRES	My mom 's beautiful face flashes before my eyes and I feel so sad that I 'll never get to see her again .
tr	PAST	Come on Daddy , help me out here , she prayed .
tr	PAST	After a moment , he regained his composure .
tr	PRES	" Papa ... papa ... " She whispered as loud as she could manage , as the sailors dragged her past her father 's unmoving body .
tr	PAST	I scooted back slowly , closing my eyes , hoping that when I opened them again there would be normal people standing in front of me .
tr	PAST	His hand curved over her bottom and she clenched up , expecting a sharp slap .
tr	PRES	To listen to the almost obsessively blunt soldier describe it as dangerous forced consideration of abandoning the known for the unknown .
tr	PAST	The social worker exhaled through tight lips .
tr	PAST	The professor produced his wand from a sleeve of his robe .
tr	PRES	Sometimes he kills because he has to , but mostly he does it because he enjoys it .
tr	PRES	The rooftop door opens , but this time it 's not Rodney .
tr	PRES	I strain my ears for the sound of stirring but hear only silence .
tr	PRES	The image of her with another enraged him .
tr	PRES	And then he winks at me .
tr	PAST	She carefully banked that quick flash of fear before saying , " I can carry my own bag , thanks . "
tr	PAST	" I need to go to Engle 's , " Emily announced while having her dry toast and sturdy black coffee .
tr	PRES	Slowly , I lean against the rock beside Lennox .
tr	PAST	Lukas dove between them , and Jude plunged headlong into his body , slamming it with such force that they both tumbled in a heap .
tr	PRES	You underestimate young people . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry but what kind of person tries to sucker their best friend into thinking that stealing is okay ? "
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	I attempted to push her away but she was persistent .
tr	PAST	The constraints of time slowed in a labored pace as he wondered how the sound of death would resonate .
tr	PRES	She breathes deeply , relaxes , and sets to making more pizzas .
tr	PAST	I pretended to pull my arm muscle and used a treadmill the remainder of the session .
tr	PAST	The victim convulsed and dropped to the floor .
tr	PRES	" L.A. , " she explains .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you need , Kane .
tr	PAST	Fifteen unanswered telephone calls .
tr	PRES	' Tom that is ... madness .
tr	PRES	' It helps me to hear you say that .
tr	PRES	None of that was you , Jess . "
tr	PRES	" Waiting and hoping the creature passes on without noticing our trail . "
tr	PAST	The only time that you can do something for me , for your people , you shove it back in my face ! "
tr	PAST	The Fate 's cold eyes bore into Echo 's , causing her to feel like a trapped animal .
tr	PRES	" You already screwed his soul over when you fucked him last spring .
tr	PAST	" And by damned , you scored a big one with that project of yours .
tr	PRES	Coach Lynn announces that we have to write a two-page paper about where we see ourselves in five years , and everybody starts groaning .
tr	PAST	But then the Irons they were fighting suddenly charged , pushing them al back .
tr	PRES	The aroma of freshly cut pine mixed with unwashed bodies ; these miners had only recently come from the mountains .
tr	PAST	She petted him and continued to hold the wineglass for him .
tr	PAST	" You lied ? "
tr	PAST	With a whimper Nell crouched , scooped up her books and hurried around her car .
tr	PRES	Somehow it brings it all back , and the war is real again .
tr	PRES	Hugo sees his love torn apart and can only assume Dollop her murderer , the anguish breaking the spell he 'd been under .
tr	PRES	After the elders had banished her best friend , Deuce , for alleged hoarding , discontent spiked .
tr	PRES	The scent of leather and mint fills my nostrils as I slide into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the edges of my lips .
tr	PRES	" Yes , your highness . "
tr	PAST	I trusted Cassius with my life , so I followed him .
tr	PRES	" Good , " he whispers , kissing my neck .
tr	PRES	" What kind of resort ? "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he mutters over and over .
tr	PAST	One intricately carved pool table sat just back from the entrance .
tr	PRES	My mother 's face softens slightly , but my heart sinks as I turn toward my shouting father .
tr	PRES	He wears no shoes and his hair is sandy in tone and graced with a small amount of dirt .
tr	PRES	Then it dawns on me What if it 's not Freak What if it 's the freaks ?
tr	PAST	The truck rumbled beneath her as she sank back onto the pillow and stared up at the blackness .
tr	PRES	" As her only surviving victim , Kate , her punishment falls to you . "
tr	PAST	The two of them then proceeded to walk along the belly of the plane towards the pilot 's cabin .
tr	PRES	He throws me a kiss and rushes off .
tr	PRES	" How generous of you . "
tr	PAST	But fortunately , they both soon received an answer .
tr	PRES	Behind him , Mariam glances at Serena .
tr	PRES	Creepy , uptight , pops out of nowhere .
tr	PRES	When you 're out of the stands , the excitement wears off . "
tr	PRES	He likes put on Scottish airs every now and again .
tr	PRES	He stops and regards her .
tr	PRES	The classroom door opens .
tr	PRES	Robin 's head pops up .
tr	PAST	Not surprisingly he regarded her with wary puzzlement .
tr	PAST	He attempted to clarify ( rather incredulously ) .
tr	PRES	" He likes me to pitch for him , too . "
tr	PAST	My eyes streaming bloody tears , I sobbed in his arms until he put me to sleep .
tr	PAST	The lights painted her blue , white , blue again .
tr	PAST	He ruled one of the strongest packs in the world and his inner wolf dared anyone to come up against him over Angela .
tr	PRES	She hates going to crowded places because of it . "
tr	PAST	The medics already cleaned and took care of these . "
tr	PAST	The secret lingered so close , almost like a third party in the bed .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , angrily .
tr	PAST	I stomped my foot .
tr	PRES	" And they 're Beth 's family , " I snap .
tr	PAST	Rather than assist the rest of the Academy in rebuilding the dreams of a shattered world , he sought vengeance and began to abuse his powers .
tr	PAST	Her wastebasket overflowed with crumpled pages they found to be of no use .
tr	PRES	A tear begins to run down his cheek .
tr	PRES	" I am , " he chuckles .
tr	PRES	Evangeline , or Eva for short , approaches me and bows once in the same way the servants had downstairs .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not seeing a guy at all , " she countered defensively .
tr	PAST	She scooted our items up on the conveyer belt .
tr	PRES	" We match again , you weirdo . "
tr	PRES	In this story , a mother offers her son to Napoleon 's armies with disastrous consequences .
tr	PAST	After breakfast we quickly readied ourselves for the short drive to school .
tr	PRES	You wash all of our laundry .
tr	PAST	So he appealed to her romantic side -- he just had to hope she had one .
tr	PAST	" Take your time , Rachel , " the Blind King advised .
tr	PRES	After you learn how to swim . "
tr	PAST	He crouched down and stared at the stone floor .
tr	PAST	I yawned loudly at the mere mention of sleep .
tr	PAST	As we approached , I sensed someone within .
tr	PAST	She visited me one more time .
tr	PAST	It buzzed loudly and flickered as Colton entered the room .
tr	PAST	His imagination only proved his excitement , nothing more .
tr	PRES	I nod , not sure how to answer , much less describe what I just saw .
tr	PAST	Had she received it the night she died ?
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , cutting her off .
tr	PRES	" That would have been nice , little late now , " she mumbled in response .
tr	PAST	At 3 a.m. on 6th November I awoke to one amazing , wonderful , earth-shattering realisation .
tr	PAST	I pretended to be annoyed , but inside I was smiling .
tr	PAST	The doctor clasped his hands together .
tr	PAST	Then he seized our hero with a thick arm around his neck and yelled , " Drop the guns or this kid gets it ! "
tr	PAST	One seized a cake of soap and Miriam 's arm .
tr	PRES	When he looks down at the drain , he sees a small ring of hair .
tr	PAST	That way you not only get these and drop me there , but save your money as well , provided you 're going that way . "
tr	PAST	Kylie tensed when they pinched their eyebrows at her , but she did the same thing .
tr	PAST	You really have to go now , " she urged , closing the door the last inch .
tr	PAST	On the pyramid among the fallen towers sat Conan the Cimmerian like an iron statue , chin propped on massive fists .
tr	PRES	People both young and old and of all different shapes and ethnicities shuffle in and out of rooms , all along the halls .
tr	PRES	' Just Katherine . '
tr	PRES	22 Back in the sanctuary , the killer stops behind the dead woman .
tr	PRES	My mother 's face relaxes .
tr	PAST	" Whether you cooperate or not , " she stated unequivocally .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for everything you 've done , Jade .
tr	PRES	" Every class " Julianne 's tone is authoritative and so low , no one else probably hears .
tr	PAST	As she spoke , she stuffed another scarf in her purse .
tr	PRES	My nervousness at this conversation was showing , my legs rattling uncontrollably .
tr	PAST	The machine froze , then exploded , sending shrapnel flying .
tr	PAST	I slowed down and looked over at Jared .
tr	PRES	" Then tell me , " I urge .
tr	PAST	" It cost more than my first car .
tr	PAST	Love slowed down and indicated right into Primrose Hill Road .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and muttered , " I 'll check online . "
tr	PAST	He flicked the mortally wounded thing off to the side with performed disdain .
tr	PAST	His entire world shattered .
tr	PRES	She likes to think she has eclectic tastes where her hobbies are concerned .
tr	PAST	Geoffrey seized her face and turned the redhead 's eyes back to his .
tr	PRES	She loves you and it 's time that you allow your heart to love someone back . "
tr	PRES	Mr. Manning hates that . "
tr	PAST	They tugged with irritation at the line of prisoners and Emelia stumbled , her knees spattering into the thick ooze .
tr	PAST	He uttered a resolved sigh .
tr	PAST	Sarah 's face crumpled , her voice strangled by sobs .
tr	PAST	You dismissed my protest ! "
tr	PRES	He likes to surprise me by acting human from time to time .
tr	PAST	Often its grimaces achieved a horrible resemblance to people whom Ransom had known and loved in our own world .
tr	PRES	A booming voice fills my ears -- the woman 's real voice : " My name is DQ , " she says .
tr	PAST	She fetched Lorraine 's cloak .
tr	PRES	The water embraces you and if you lay down just right , it comes up to your face , just there .
tr	PAST	She uttered a soft tsk .
tr	PRES	" I think you should take on the big dog , " I clarify .
tr	PAST	As large and powerfully built as the man was , the gigantic room in which he stood reduced him to an ant 's significance or less .
tr	PAST	That one crouched as if ready to kill and it watched everything around it with the sharp intellect of a vicious predator that belied its smaller size .
tr	PAST	Burke brandished his revolver and smiled .
tr	PRES	He swears on his life . "
tr	PAST	" They drugged Shotgun .
tr	PAST	With that last one , he clutched my thigh .
tr	PAST	The wind grew still , the hum replaced by nothing but the soft birdsong of an early riser .
tr	PRES	The bat just clears a parked car on the other side before bouncing off the sidewalk with a clang and crashing into a fence .
tr	PAST	Heart beating , Belly flying , Mind racing , Alive for you .
tr	PAST	" All right , " Claire said , resigned .
tr	PAST	Grim brightened , " but I have the chance to see that nobody dies without Him , unless they really want to . "
tr	PAST	Devin stormed over to the kitchen and retrieved another beer from the fridge mumbling a grouchy answer .
tr	PAST	" Uh-huh , " he grunted , grounding himself in the soft feel of Sara sitting next to him .
tr	PAST	Echo stated as he held out the bouquet of flowers .
tr	PRES	she whispers , her voice awed .
tr	PAST	Got camp together and packed up to make out of there .
tr	PRES	The great expanse of Montgomery land her own children would one day roam and lay claim to as their own .
tr	PAST	I prayed that he will .
tr	PRES	Where , he told me , he slew thousands .
tr	PRES	She embraces him , she plunges , she will not let go for a minute .
tr	PRES	He frowns in the direction of Mettle .
tr	PRES	Maybe - " Mom bursts into the room .
tr	PRES	Lucretia laughed at his anger , her dark chuckles mirroring the ones coming out of Vivian 's mouth .
tr	PRES	The chapter " The Search for Meaning " applies here .
tr	PRES	He snorts to himself .
tr	PAST	From inside , fabric rustled .
tr	PRES	" That fits with the intercept . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , and soon afterward Ted proposed to Joy . "
tr	PAST	Amy slapped him across the face , and the juvenile whined and scrambled back to the safety of his group .
tr	PAST	Zane Pulled on it forcefully , and the bit of metal dug into Vin 's skin .
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly down on Marta 's shoulders and she smiled up at the sky .
tr	PRES	" Like I told you before , he just mumbled something .
tr	PAST	Instead , he adjusted his trousers , willing himself to calm down .
tr	PRES	" You know , a while ago you wouldn 't have cared if I touched something of yours , " he breathes .
tr	PRES	" Not in your wildest dreams , cowboy . "
tr	PRES	He enters the information in his database and after a short while , calls Bradshaw back .
tr	PRES	" And if I did shade some of the answers ? "
tr	PRES	" Me and Daniela Lopez ?
tr	PAST	The air around them exploded with heat and electricity .
tr	PAST	He tugged on her arm , which she snatched weakly away .
tr	PAST	She referred to the young locals who frequently roamed around the neighborhood randomly diving into available swimming pools .
tr	PAST	With the crowd surrounding him becoming much denser as he made his way through , he slowed his pace .
tr	PAST	She propped herself up on her elbow .
tr	PRES	She reaches across the table to curl her fingers around mine , her eyes pleading with me .
tr	PRES	" Three ... two ... one ... zero . "
tr	PAST	Tick slapped at his dad 's face with cupped hands , like a dog digging for a bone .
tr	PAST	His whole body tensed with fear as if he 'd just jumped into ice water .
tr	PAST	He tensed as if he heard or felt something .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PAST	Josh motioned deeper into the trees .
tr	PRES	He just likes to think so . "
tr	PAST	Lloyd immediately withdrew and scurried away in the darkness .
tr	PRES	" Uh-huh , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Bishop Morton pursued it no further , but he came back to it the next day and the next .
tr	PAST	The tone beeped , and Jayne began to speak .
tr	PRES	I value freedom more . "
tr	PRES	For example , he talks about Buddy Holly as if he and was a close friend .
tr	PRES	At least you bathe and I don 't have to fight you for chicks .
tr	PAST	At first she resigned herself to being caught , figuring that when the replacement guard returned , he would open the door and she could leave .
tr	PRES	" Berwick , " Chartres said with condescension , " these petit horses all belong to Chretien . "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	" You don 't like my mother , " he accused .
tr	PAST	Chance propped open the door .
tr	PAST	His haste to leave once the signal had been activated meant he would miss the passing ceremony , this saddened his heart .
tr	PRES	They sell it at four times the price they dig it up .
tr	PAST	" Good , " Umbra 's resonant voice rumbled as if a mighty whisper .
tr	PAST	Simon gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	" That ring grants immortality to any mortal , and they prefer to keep their mortals mortal .
tr	PRES	A little plain , but it fits . "
tr	PRES	" No , after the broccoli cooks , drain it and pour it in this dish , then mix all the other things in .
tr	PRES	" There are no more Jedi , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Every time you move , the metal shrinks .
tr	PRES	About thirty kilometres from the city of Kampala .
tr	PRES	She blames you , the Master , the Lady , even me , but certainly not herself . "
tr	PRES	" I didn 't help with it either , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Wonderful , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	She sighs , like she 's hesitating , not really wanting to answer .
tr	PRES	She deserves better than to be betrayed , Kaspar .
tr	PRES	It tastes terrible but feels warm going down .
tr	PAST	A mix of emotions washed over Maya .
tr	PRES	He disappears down the hallway , then returns .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered all the more .
tr	PAST	In fact , it troubled me more and more as the drive continued , not knowing the full extent of what she 'd been through .
tr	PAST	I stripped off my coat and wadded it around my hands .
tr	PAST	The camera lingered long enough for us to wave and cheer enthusiastically .
tr	PAST	They crawled along the scaffolding toward the camp they 'd set-up where the Wall met the canyon rock .
tr	PRES	" I fulfill my Contract . "
tr	PAST	" Oh baby , " Marlene exclaimed as she pulled Rachel into her arms .
tr	PAST	He imagined trying to explain this fact to his friends , those he regarded his peers .
tr	PRES	I scratch my tattoo , hating that I 'm lying , but talking about Delilah isn 't an option yet .
tr	PAST	Before she could ask him what it was , he teleported them out of the nursery and into a dining room .
tr	PRES	" Jacky , " he whispers , " tonight I want ... I want us to sleep at the same end of the hammock .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on the La-Z-Boy .
tr	PRES	Rowan lets out a low grunt .
tr	PRES	Evil wears many hats . "
tr	PAST	" Next trio up ... topic is singers , " Cuervo announced .
tr	PRES	She matches up Finnick , Gale , and me each with a soldier from 13 .
tr	PAST	They ambushed me in an alley near campus and I couldn 't get to my phone in time .
tr	PAST	Victoria sniffed and hacked at the omelet sticking to the pan .
tr	PRES	Will throws me a look , followed by a crooked grin .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a button on a pad sitting next to the Cash Register .
tr	PAST	He retreated and walked on .
tr	PRES	" Justin deserves to experience all that 's awful and wonderful that kids bring . "
tr	PRES	She stands there waist high , glaring , in a darker shade as if she intimidates me , all confrontational , egging me on .
tr	PRES	" Kill me with my gun , it all falls apart . "
tr	PRES	I swing the axe one last time and strike the monster at it 's eyes .
tr	PAST	In fact , the walls and mantle bore just watercolor artwork .
tr	PAST	She dumped wood in a loud clatter .
tr	PRES	The concept remains too abstract and aloof .
tr	PRES	How big a chunk ? "
tr	PAST	Sara 's voice rasped in a low whisper .
tr	PRES	But mom , I think maybe I screwed up this morning . "
tr	PAST	Echo doubted her own tale would be so glamorous .
tr	PAST	A closer look revealed great burns and jagged holes , enough to show what sunk the once grand ship .
tr	PAST	" Interesting , " he caressed my cheek with his knuckles .
tr	PAST	His hand ghosts down my leg and then draws my leg up .
tr	PRES	Of course , I assume that not every place is like this .
tr	PRES	" And I assume you 're married . "
tr	PRES	" Online newspaper archives ? "
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me .
tr	PAST	" Don 't say something like that , " she jabbed him in the arm .
tr	PAST	Suddenly Boy 412 clutched Jenna 's arm so hard that she nearly cried out .
tr	PRES	" I 'm a twit , " Julie mumbled .
tr	PAST	Observing the thunderous look on Hawk 's face , Hank asked , " What 's up , Hawk ?
tr	PRES	And for what , Wulf ?
tr	PAST	He exited the car and slammed the door behind him , before leaning against it .
tr	PRES	" I do not know , Partner Elijah .
tr	PRES	" Asher didn 't earn your trust , " he states , leaning closer to me , his shadow covering my body .
tr	PAST	The very fact he was right only deepened Shay 's frown .
tr	PAST	Excitement and fear battled for supremacy inside her .
tr	PAST	She ticked them off on her fingers .
tr	PRES	She dreaded meeting his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Any other suspects ? "
tr	PAST	Tolland adjusted the GPR device and waved .
tr	PAST	We messed with the dates of the exam and concluded that the exams might be on some other day .
tr	PRES	It stalls a lot . "
tr	PRES	" Mr. Crane ? "
tr	PRES	Timothy enters the lab that night and sees Teri , the security guard , patrolling the hallways .
tr	PAST	It drew closer , arms outstretched , groping at the air before it .
tr	PRES	Push it up and down .
tr	PRES	A distant sound of ringing glass fills the air .
tr	PAST	The memory of the passionate kiss they had shared last night assailed her , leaving her longing for more .
tr	PAST	' Oh , Mary , we crown thee with blossoms today , queen of the angels , queen of the May .
tr	PRES	Rian points behind him .
tr	PAST	The primeval definition of gain in terms of negation of loss influenced the concept of joys defined in terms of pains .
tr	PAST	Sable attempted to shake off his grip , but couldn 't .
tr	PRES	I observe the eyes closely , trying to discern whether they are tracking us .
tr	PAST	Raphael inhaled sharply and said something in Spanish too low and rapid for Clary to understand .
tr	PAST	My gaze flicked away , meeting Dawson 's .
tr	PRES	The zombie bangs on my window , growling at me , equally angry that it can 't reach me .
tr	PRES	Now it begins to make sense that a bomb was planted in his home ; nothing is more symbolic than striking the leader directly .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hand across his chest as though shocked by the question .
tr	PAST	You need not have dinner attire , " she countered , guiding her to the sitting room .
tr	PAST	She blanched at what his expression revealed .
tr	PRES	Go warn them that the Ministry might soon have prisoners who could give them away . "
tr	PAST	" She wants you to be her guinea pig , " Crimson chimed .
tr	PRES	Francesca scoots over for me to sit down next to her .
tr	PAST	Nicholas shuffled past me into the house .
tr	PAST	So he reversed the bank , and allowed the aircraft to turn upside down , allowing the opportunity to check where the last two came from .
tr	PAST	Edwin swirled his brandy around absentmindedly as he remember reporting on the bank collapses with glee .
tr	PAST	He stomped away from Neal and called Nicholas on his cell .
tr	PAST	Others brandished pikes menacingly , snarling , ' Back with you , ' at the seething , complaining crowd .
tr	PRES	The day passes too quickly .
tr	PRES	" Because Jet sounds badass . "
tr	PAST	" I never realized how hormonal you are , " Cheyenne joked .
tr	PRES	" Keep your voice down , " I hiss .
tr	PAST	Saliva squirted from Auron 's mouth as he spoke with anger .
tr	PAST	Pearl 's voice floated out , " What was that you said about never seeing another Flamingo Sweet ? "
tr	PRES	No - scratch that .
tr	PAST	" Unless someone else at the party reported in .
tr	PRES	I fumble for it , feeling around for the button .
tr	PAST	Leaving Will ow with Preston bothered me .
tr	PRES	I mumbled into the side of his shirt .
tr	PAST	He provided the information quietly to Gary .
tr	PRES	Not as he pushes into my body without hesitation .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and gestured around the circle of trees we were in .
tr	PAST	" Sure she 's seeing someone , " Granny belted out .
tr	PRES	Dread washes over me .
tr	PRES	I lean all of my weight against the side of his head , but still can 't get him to budge .
tr	PAST	Simon inhaled deeply , searching for the scent of exotic lilies .
tr	PAST	Then I actually experienced my peculiar ability coming to life .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my fingers .
tr	PAST	Tears of embarrassment stung my eyes until I couldn 't hold them in anymore .
tr	PRES	What if Kincaid snuck up there and destroyed it before he walked into the party ?
tr	PAST	He executed a perfect bow .
tr	PRES	" Not yet , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	He put his arms around her shoulders and pulled her close , his cheek resting on top of her head .
tr	PRES	In fact , Chloe herself sums it up when the Antichrist guards protest that they have treated her quite well .
tr	PAST	But ... " Kelly tipped her head .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side and stared at me .
tr	PAST	That night I readied myself for battle , so to speak .
tr	PAST	" Get back here , " her dad shrieked .
tr	PRES	Nine city blocks they got secured here .
tr	PAST	" I 'm only marrying you for your money , " she taunted .
tr	PRES	I think he just smiled , " Turbo whispers .
tr	PRES	" Good heavens ! "
tr	PRES	" Did you scare her ? "
tr	PRES	I tuned them out and intensified my focus on the body .
tr	PAST	Shauna squinted at her , as if she were trying to assess her state .
tr	PAST	It was staged as if the owners had walked outside for a short break .
tr	PAST	And still yet I wept only for myself .
tr	PAST	Corinne withdrew the sword .
tr	PRES	Doyle lay on the ground , eyes blinking up at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" Except I didn 't Change when I was part spirit still .
tr	PAST	At once the Sherriff motioned for two of his mounted men .
tr	PAST	He toyed with a slice of ham and said , " That 's my secret though , just between us girls . "
tr	PAST	Mr. Shapiro announced and dismissed us with a wave of his hand .
tr	PRES	" That can 't be true , " states Jason .
tr	PAST	They toasted each other and sat back .
tr	PAST	Kate plopped down on my bed .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in a rush , too surprised and relieved to cuss out the other driver .
tr	PRES	" And now , ladies and gentlemen ! "
tr	PAST	Gray stiffened at the sight .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps an erratic drum beat .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder at me for a moment , still worried , but then she quickly gives all her attention to the computer .
tr	PAST	Michael shot Sarah a glance , then downed a couple more bites and one last swig of water .
tr	PRES	She just stares at me .
tr	PRES	He breathes a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	He seized a floral knife and came up with it in his hand .
tr	PAST	Sliding her hand around , she urged him closer until her lips met his .
tr	PAST	I sensed him pulling his magic to him , probably in an effort to blast Dorian 's handiwork away .
tr	PRES	" You snuck out of the camp and you went to the city .
tr	PAST	So he dialed the number for Gene and Annie Laird , perhaps their oldest friends in town .
tr	PAST	Seeing no alternative , I scooted cautiously to the edge of the portico .
tr	PAST	Jack 's smile dimmed .
tr	PRES	The smell of her hair and perfume settle something deep inside .
tr	PRES	He deserves to know , but it won 't make a difference .
tr	PAST	Remorse and quiet despair washed through Bill in a wave .
tr	PAST	She knew it was Jason by his second message scribbled in the snowy moss : " Find me Kate .
tr	PAST	His tone reflected that of Ironside the day before ; One of formality to portray the gravity of the situation .
tr	PAST	" I 'm full , " she announced suddenly , then scuttled off to the living area before either of them could say a word .
tr	PAST	The dragon screeched and swooped off toward my fire , belching out her own flames as she went .
tr	PRES	It fades as she pushes my hand away , turning her head away so she wasn 't looking at me .
tr	PAST	Stunned , she cringed while Tate made the first suture .
tr	PRES	He mutters more to himself .
tr	PAST	Zach circled around in front of her and studied her face .
tr	PAST	She served Spinelli first and then me .
tr	PRES	" YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE !
tr	PRES	" Of course , " he practically sighs .
tr	PRES	" And what about Kat ?
tr	PRES	Jennifer glances behind them .
tr	PRES	" Yup , pretty stupid eh . "
tr	PAST	The umbrella above the table on their porch flapped wildly in the wind .
tr	PRES	" The keys represent the papacy .
tr	PAST	As I stepped off I heard an inhuman shriek , I crouched instinctively .
tr	PAST	Nearby students dove to the ground as the ring expanded and passed overhead .
tr	PRES	Mr. Quintanilla sighs and becomes pensive .
tr	PRES	" The compass points to that cave .
tr	PRES	I am not , nor will I ever be , your fiancé . "
tr	PRES	' Bye , Love . '
tr	PAST	Saint John engaged warrior monks from Saint Michael .
tr	PRES	The tar fills his mouth , and covers his nose and his face .
tr	PRES	They sell health food and vitamins , but also Wicca supplies .
tr	PRES	" He is an incredible kisser though , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I anticipated seeing the winding driveway that would lead me out of this monstrous nightmare .
tr	PAST	' Sara 's in charge of ... everything , ' I stated .
tr	PRES	Continuing to look at land , he holds the wheel with all his might keeping the land to his right .
tr	PRES	She glances at me when she recognises the song , smiling at me .
tr	PRES	" Never , lad . "
tr	PAST	Captain Savage silently retreated to his quarters , unguarded .
tr	PRES	" High passes in all categories .
tr	PRES	" I 'll find someplace else to sleep tonight , " Logan offers .
tr	PAST	He thanked her for an evening out that he obviously needed .
tr	PAST	It bothered him a lot .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're standing here in my office in order to make some sort of case for why you should not fail macroeconomics .
tr	PAST	Ship 's processing units speculated that these must be sensors of some type .
tr	PAST	They rocketed across the water ; Katherine 's hair and dress rippling in the headwind .
tr	PRES	" She 's got a nice little place in Davis , " I add .
tr	PRES	We appreciate you giving us the ability to defend ourselves , " Beverly states .
tr	PAST	For a frightening instant , he wavered on the very edge of it .
tr	PRES	I snap my brain into focus , picturing the peaking towers of the castle , the lake that ovals the ground in front of it .
tr	PRES	The description he gave fits Chloe .
tr	PRES	Let our breaths mingle as one .
tr	PAST	He whisked them away , leaving everything behind .
tr	PAST	" Uh-huh , " I mumbled , starting up the car .
tr	PRES	One of the security bots trucks up to the flashing stone .
tr	PAST	Inside the triangle they crouched on either side were candles and an altar , dedicated to the dark lords summoning .
tr	PRES	" He really loves helping people .
tr	PRES	" Father talks about you all the time ! "
tr	PAST	He charged her , his mouth opening wide to release demonic curses on a stream of black breath .
tr	PAST	Williams shuffled through a few note cards in her lap and found the one she was looking for .
tr	PRES	" At ease , Drake . "
tr	PAST	I collapsed to the ground and slammed my fist into the concrete , screaming and shouting .
tr	PAST	I designed the place with lanterns lining our space on tall poles stuck deep into the sand .
tr	PRES	A beastly roar rises up in me , and I force myself to swallow it down .
tr	PAST	Her long , brown curls whipped her face as they writhed unhindered in the winter wind .
tr	PRES	A Rama temple ? "
tr	PAST	Visibility now barely extended beyond the hood of the vehicle .
tr	PAST	" I received it this afternoon .
tr	PRES	Humanity misses out on so much beauty because it refuse to accept that things exist beyond the realm of reason or understanding .
tr	PRES	I disapprove of chopping down trees as a general rule , but we needed a lot of firewood in a hurry .
tr	PAST	He finally quit whispering to her and straightened up , a teasing grin on his handsome face .
tr	PRES	" The construction project ? "
tr	PRES	" Most from natural causes . "
tr	PRES	" But not you , Nicola .
tr	PRES	" It belongs in the house of some old , rich couple . "
tr	PAST	I announced , looking fondly at her .
tr	PAST	Voices floated up from below .
tr	PRES	Luke rotates back around in the seat and shoves the shifter forward , the gears grinding a little before slipping in .
tr	PRES	He reaches into the pocket of his jacket and takes out a knife .
tr	PAST	Lying his head back against the edge of the bed , he inhaled the vanilla .
tr	PAST	She dared to look at him .
tr	PAST	For so long these four brothers defended their country against the south and countries from beyond the sea trying to conquer our good lands .
tr	PRES	He glances at me briefly .
tr	PAST	Sammie swirled her straw .
tr	PRES	Hi , I ´ m Enoch Sotheby and I don ´ t belong here ... I think .
tr	PAST	The plane glided along on autopilot while they descended the stairwell into the cargo hold .
tr	PAST	Becky hauled a chair across the room to position it under the wooden shelf that ran the length of one wall .
tr	PRES	My father absolutely hates responsibility .
tr	PAST	Then ... warm breath fanned her cheek .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry about signing her in , Melinda .
tr	PAST	Her cell phone buzzed with a text message .
tr	PRES	He pushes my hair to the side so that my neck is bare .
tr	PRES	" It falls then to you to be our leader , are you aware of all that this requires ? "
tr	PRES	" All rig - " " Now ! "
tr	PAST	He not only taped them , but took notes .
tr	PRES	The beast then begins to change .
tr	PRES	Bran holds the hairs up proudly , grinning .
tr	PAST	Gabrielle exhaled a soft sigh as she slowly shook her head .
tr	PAST	I dusted myself off just for something to do and slowly shrugged on my jacket .
tr	PAST	Behind him , the apartment exploded .
tr	PRES	You only want to feel like you belong , " she explains , cut off when another furious attack commences .
tr	PRES	No one around here steals cars .
tr	PAST	Heath volunteered , but Joe gave Grace 's foot a little nudge .
tr	PRES	Did I bruise you , too ? "
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Billie ? "
tr	PRES	" Turn around , love , " he said , his voice hoarse as he tucked the pendant under his collar .
tr	PRES	" What if my memory never returns ?
tr	PAST	A warning growl rumbled deep in his throat .
tr	PAST	We 've got to save him , " Horrendous screeched .
tr	PRES	Perhaps more than you do , lad .
tr	PAST	" Tim , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	" If you remember anything , please call , anytime .
tr	PAST	I flicked over to the next image on the roll , looking for another angle of him shirtless , and the next image surprised me .
tr	PRES	I limp through into the common room , which is grimy , dimly lit , and full of mismatched furniture .
tr	PAST	The doors beeped shut and the train began to move .
tr	PAST	Two fetched a chair from the side of the room .
tr	PRES	It also occurs to me that there is something wrong with his summary of the situation .
tr	PRES	Chisholm rips a corner off a roll and pops it into his mouth .
tr	PAST	The woman pondered me .
tr	PAST	Kerri eyed Thomas as he talked with her .
tr	PRES	While he 's gone , a man approaches the table .
tr	PAST	Maddy crouched as the flying gargoyles zoomed closer .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , elbows to the knees .
tr	PRES	I confess I let out a yelp in fear , which Logan rushed to cover with his hand .
tr	PAST	" Sure enough there she was , back at the window , ears pricked , looking in , waiting .
tr	PAST	He palmed her back , holding them chest to chest , heart to pounding heart as she glided down while he thrust up .
tr	PAST	Instead , his hands simply balled into fists and he fought back the instant prickling of his skin .
tr	PAST	A watery smile split my face .
tr	PAST	My fingers inched toward her , reaching out to touch the exposed flesh where her shirt had crept up .
tr	PRES	The room falls into silence for a moment before bursting into numerous side conversations regarding additional preparations .
tr	PRES	" I assume that Andrew will be down the hall . "
tr	PAST	She proceeded to the next vampire .
tr	PRES	" A lot , " she corrects me .
tr	PRES	Luke skates to the exit and his toe clips against the rubber threshold as he follows me off the rink .
tr	PRES	" And a sister not afraid to smack you down . "
tr	PAST	She switched on the light , shrank back when she saw him looming over her .
tr	PAST	Eventually he barged in on a meeting the king was holding with several of the high lords of the other dragon nations . "
tr	PAST	Her pulse skipped lightly , but she nodded again .
tr	PRES	He stops and turns around , carefully looking me in the eyes and nowhere else .
tr	PAST	I appraised it for a long moment , playing with her a bit .
tr	PAST	Master George grunted as he got to his feet , also searching with his eyes .
tr	PAST	Eventually , Ari braved cracking her eyes open .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head to one side .
tr	PAST	Hyperion grunted and began to stalk toward the intruder when something shook the room .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " Richard concurred .
tr	PRES	And this smile originated from premeditation and not a little effort .
tr	PRES	Emma remembers Elizabeth 's explanation , ' Latin for sun . '
tr	PAST	A breathless moment later , they barreled in reverse through the gates and onto the outer road .
tr	PAST	At thought of the ten weary miles to Hebron , through the thick , soft snow , I abandoned the idea .
tr	PRES	He misses all of you . "
tr	PAST	Salt dusted his hair and was scattered across the stained carpet .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I mean , I think so , Mr Mustaine , " Ben reassured him .
tr	PRES	" Lizzie , " he draws alongside me , taking deep breaths .
tr	PRES	The shot freezes on my face in that moment before I started to fall , lingering on the screen in front of us .
tr	PRES	" What about Doris ? "
tr	PAST	It fractured and clattered onto his foot .
tr	PAST	Marshall said , his gaze just grazing me as it swept down the line .
tr	PRES	He stands , gaze flicking to the door , then back to me .
tr	PRES	Christina stands near the sling , tapping her chin with a finger .
tr	PRES	His eyes snap fire .
tr	PRES	Warner clears his throat .
tr	PAST	" No , " I stated , my face flushing with heat from the inquiry .
tr	PAST	Several cars screeched to a halt as Davis eased the sleek , black machine down towards the tarmac .
tr	PRES	He lays the knife gently on the cutting board and places his palms on the counter in front of him , never breaking his gaze from mine .
tr	PAST	Jessica crawled out her window , ran to him , took both his hands .
tr	PAST	He quickly mopped up the mess and wiped the man 's face .
tr	PAST	Pushing back the thought of claws and talons , he pondered more human possibilities .
tr	PAST	When the windshield came clean , all three of them froze .
tr	PAST	She bounced up from the computer desk and started toward the door .
tr	PAST	" Answer the question , " she stated , her voice calm yet authoritative .
tr	PRES	" Well Grandfather you are a special case , being the school 's ... " " Aaron ! "
tr	PRES	A milk truck passes us .
tr	PRES	The rest of us flow in after them .
tr	PAST	She dismissed me with a wave of her hand .
tr	PRES	Will eyes the living room , then stands and walks into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" Man crap , " as Nana described it .
tr	PAST	The young man reciprocated by jumping both of the remaining pieces , and removing them from the board .
tr	PRES	Started doing meth when she was twelve , having sex by thirteen .
tr	PRES	I screamed as I tore through the corn stalks , each one slapping me wildly as I ran .
tr	PAST	" I want to be surprised , " Maddie countered .
tr	PAST	Sean 's hand fisted on his phone tightly enough that he wouldn 't have been surprised to snap the plastic case .
tr	PRES	I lean out over the edge of the ramp for a better look .
tr	PRES	He revved the throttle and wound out onto the street .
tr	PAST	" Do it again , " he dared me , nipping at my own shoulder and making me shiver .
tr	PRES	' You 'd know if you 'd actually call each other , ' I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	My dog lays his head on my lap as I pet him .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that correct ? "
tr	PRES	Out of everything she could have said , that she could have asked , she mumbled , " I like tea now . "
tr	PAST	She trudged back to her car and strapped herself in , sitting for a moment in the parking lot trying to think .
tr	PRES	I cal ed into the night , aware and not caring that the Abbotts could hear me .
tr	PRES	He slides his finger across it and the page virtually turns and I 'm staring at chapter one .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	" So , if they 're spiritual , um ... " I trailed off .
tr	PRES	I rip it off the wall and hurl it into the window , shattering the glass .
tr	PRES	Do not hesitate , fight with everything you have , you belong there .
tr	PAST	" Besides ... " Puck rolled his eyes .
tr	PAST	This has to end , " she stated emphatically and turned away .
tr	PAST	School clocks slowed to an unbearable pace .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , I referred to you as Mr Price .
tr	PAST	My blood froze in my veins .
tr	PRES	Just buzz ' em on in .
tr	PRES	So she hates me for hating her .
tr	PAST	His body tensed as he waited for the bullet to penetrate his scull and thrust his body forward into some spiritual tunnel .
tr	PAST	" Leary residence , " she announced stiffly .
tr	PRES	" Who talks like that ?
tr	PRES	Troy 's fate lies in the hands of the Greeks . "
tr	PRES	I chew my lip as I think of how best to address it .
tr	PAST	We visited the house of his mother and picked him up after releasing his mind .
tr	PAST	I seized Lilly 's wrist as all around us the fists began to fly .
tr	PRES	He tests my arms and legs .
tr	PRES	It slams into the pickpocket , hurling him against the alley 's side wall .
tr	PAST	I prayed it would work that way again .
tr	PRES	He brings his hands to my face and stares down at my mouth .
tr	PAST	The cargo plane bounced , then settled .
tr	PRES	It belongs to Aurelio .
tr	PAST	Colin rarely trusted ; he knew from a wealth of experience that people did not deserve to be trusted .
tr	PAST	The darkness slowed their pace even further .
tr	PRES	The rest of the season belongs to coarse fishing , where small ponds and meandering , narrow rivers are the order of the day .
tr	PRES	The chaplain 's expression mixed equal amounts of embarrassment and disbelief with a slight hint of something that could be classified as vague amusement .
tr	PRES	" Ashley , dumbass . "
tr	PAST	Xavier cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	That about sums it up . "
tr	PAST	She met his rhythm , accepted his need for hard and fast , grinding her body into him each time he plunged deep .
tr	PAST	He never smoked another cigarette after that .
tr	PRES	" Mummy loves you . "
tr	PAST	" Something bothered you and now I 'm scared and I don 't know why .
tr	PAST	His eyes strayed back to the TV .
tr	PAST	" Okay , " Hale countered before Eddie had even said a word .
tr	PAST	The seafood dishes cost much more than the gas that took me to and from the shore .
tr	PAST	The assassin somehow eluded our pursuit .
tr	PAST	The light from Daemon surrounded me as his hand outstretched , fingers becoming more visible as they circled my injured hand .
tr	PAST	Byron 's dragon faltered and went down , hitting with its nose first , skidding in the dirt and grass , leaving long , deep furrows behind .
tr	PAST	Tobias presses the DOWN button for the elevator and doesn 't look at me .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps we should change your job to court jester instead , just in case , " he teased .
tr	PAST	The thought of Catherine and Geoffrey sharing a home churned his stomach .
tr	PRES	" Aurora Library . "
tr	PAST	I lingered on a close-up shot of me , Olivia , and Rachel together ; her mother had come outside to take it right before school started .
tr	PRES	" Planning cocktail parties . "
tr	PRES	He offers an almost imperceptible nod .
tr	PAST	He divided it in quarters , and placed a folded wad in each pocket of his jeans .
tr	PAST	Just for a moment , he sensed danger .
tr	PRES	Micha holds up his phone as he backs for the door .
tr	PRES	I occasionally teach a course in history for inmates pursuing their high school equivalency diplomas .
tr	PRES	" I 'm further gone than you are , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	YES , YOU HAVE .
tr	PRES	He mumbled as she helped him to his feet .
tr	PRES	The King draws up in a sled just at that moment with his daughter .
tr	PAST	For a moment she feared she would be vacuumed into space .
tr	PRES	" As a reminder . "
tr	PRES	Andrew stops running , closes his eyes in concentration and then we are off , bolting through the forest .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Lucy , of course it doesn 't , sweetie . "
tr	PAST	Laci dove into the cheesy egg , suddenly realizing she was hungry .
tr	PAST	" What if Ali stole it ? "
tr	PAST	He even smoked grandly , puckering his lips around his cigar and taking deep inhales .
tr	PAST	She motioned for her guest to have a seat .
tr	PAST	He shuffled his feet , gave her a pained look .
tr	PRES	" Go patrol your districts . "
tr	PRES	He reaches forward and pulls both sides of the coat together , cocooning me inside .
tr	PRES	He wraps the chains around his wrist .
tr	PAST	" And that chased off a thunder lizard ? "
tr	PRES	The woman loves one in particular , because it is forbidden to her .
tr	PAST	So , I just attributed it to that whether right or wrong , all I knew is that this experience was new but familiar .
tr	PAST	Ardent " s face now bore an expression of amused contempt that Vimes longed to remove .
tr	PAST	Lime hopped into the car and buckled up .
tr	PAST	She trudged through the darkness , jumping at every sound or movement out of the corner of her eye .
tr	PRES	T is you he loves .
tr	PAST	She bounced back from heel to toe , impatiently waiting for his answer , leaning forward and wide-eyed .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't let him feed me wheat germ .
tr	PAST	None of his actions lightened the stain of his sin .
tr	PAST	The request to promote Osa as a member of the Council bothered him .
tr	PAST	" Thank you , " Sarah exclaimed , fingering the fabric .
tr	PAST	Georgie crouched in front of the dryer , trying not to block the light .
tr	PAST	Caroline froze , her heart on the floor and mind swimming in confusion .
tr	PRES	One of the other female prisoners begins sobbing at the sight of her , a loud wail that echoes from the walls around us .
tr	PAST	And its articles ranged from very unlikely to completely ridiculous .
tr	PRES	Trent peels himself away from me and steps forward , pulling out his wallet and another wad of cash .
tr	PRES	" What about Clarissa ? "
tr	PRES	" As you said , hell hath frozen . "
tr	PAST	Everything exploded on impact .
tr	PRES	I chuckle bitterly : " Dead people don 't supp , mother .
tr	PAST	A closer examination revealed that the blade was stained , with old blood .
tr	PRES	Only farmland stretches from horizon to horizon .
tr	PRES	Ring tosses , duck shooting , milk bottle throws , even a couple of polar bear dunk tanks fil ed with ice water .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Katy .
tr	PRES	I crave for him to kiss me again , but ... " Are you going to call me after ? "
tr	PAST	Driven by anger and desperation , Jordan clutched her hand tighter and abruptly switched from pleas to stern threats .
tr	PRES	" The McPhee sisters . "
tr	PRES	But they cheat us in the end .
tr	PRES	' Tis probable that a period of calm reflection will do much to make the matter clear . "
tr	PAST	I crawled out of bed and grabbed a sweatshirt before following Avalon to his room .
tr	PRES	You just relax and enjoy a little down time . "
tr	PAST	I prayed that sleep would come quickly , that at least there I would find some shelter from the storm of my life .
tr	PAST	Her hands balled into fists at her side .
tr	PRES	After a while , his breathing changes into the steady rhythm of sleep , and his hand falls away to rest on his blanket .
tr	PRES	She tries to remember what she must have been doing on the day itself , but being on the road swallows up the lines between days .
tr	PRES	He sees you as an obstruction , yet the more he urges Saint-Martin to set you aside , the more contrary the marquis becomes . "
tr	PRES	The crowd stands out .
tr	PRES	" Love , " I correct gently .
tr	PAST	" What are you - " He quieted , sensing her preoccupation .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you understand , Jett ?
tr	PRES	I never threaten or use scare tactics to anybody , as Caroline can attest , isn 't that right Caroline ? '
tr	PRES	She remembers that the kites are alive , engineered for this very purpose .
tr	PRES	" The Wonderful and Mysterious Sex Life of Lucky . "
tr	PRES	She never forgave me .
tr	PRES	My head falls forward again .
tr	PAST	His skin itched as more Germans began to pay attention to them , to her .
tr	PRES	We identify perps , feuds , whatever we can .
tr	PAST	Still grinning , Steve lounged against the back of the chair .
tr	PAST	He then inquired of the innkeeper who had asked about him .
tr	PAST	Shane slapped Austin on the back as he passed us by .
tr	PAST	She giggled , " Keep sipping .
tr	PAST	" For what you endured .
tr	PRES	The loser buys dinner . "
tr	PRES	Talk about stubborn . "
tr	PRES	Turning his gaze back to the pathetic creature in his grasp , Ganondorf bellows a question .
tr	PRES	Vel fits himself with compact breathing apparatus , slightly different from my nasal plugs , but they function in the same fashion .
tr	PAST	He stated reaching out and tugging on the end of my pony tail .
tr	PRES	I smack it down , trying to figure out where my folded arms should go .
tr	PAST	Daniel 's voice floated over the others .
tr	PAST	' We were just getting things ready to start fixing supper , Nala , ' the girl with the runny nose reported .
tr	PAST	Honestly the idea of the coffee obsession appealed to me .
tr	PRES	' Porter County . '
tr	PRES	" No , you idiot .
tr	PRES	It 's almost as lovely as the front of you , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Schwartz denied everything and kept doing all he could .
tr	PAST	Winston jabbed a finger at the great canine .
tr	PAST	My teeth gritted as I felt my anger burn out wildly .
tr	PAST	Bending his long legs , he crouched next to his friend .
tr	PAST	Trembling hands scrolled through her text messages .
tr	PAST	When they were both naked , he tugged her into the shower , helping her inside .
tr	PAST	" You 've got to be kidding me , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	He crumpled up the fortune into a pea-sized ball and dropped it into his pocket .
tr	PAST	Love thanked him , disconnected the call , picked up his cigarette , took a long drag .
tr	PAST	" You handled that pretty well , Fergus . "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and tried not to lose his temper .
tr	PAST	The heavy glass reservoir shattered upon the rope bridge 's planking .
tr	PAST	" I had an entourage , of course , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Lucius must have sensed my presence because he was suddenly right beside me , glaring down at me .
tr	PAST	He reflected on his abrupt approach to Cranston and agreed that he should at least evaluate the offer on the table .
tr	PRES	Billie throws her arms around me .
tr	PAST	Edward swiped the air with his hand .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	A deep sense of foreboding fills me , and I half consider retreating south .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the antique pendulum clock that sat on the mantel .
tr	PAST	It proved she was crazy .
tr	PRES	" She tries to protect you , Toby . "
tr	PAST	Hugh scooted to make room for me , and I pulled up a chair from a neighboring table .
tr	PRES	It tastes horrible ! "
tr	PAST	He replaced the disc inside the machine and pushed play .
tr	PAST	" I 'm already wishing I could rescind my bet , " Alex chided .
tr	PRES	" Ow , my head , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	He mutters , pushing us along .
tr	PAST	I pinched my eyes closed as a tear escaped .
tr	PAST	She desired him , but she was sure that was par for the course with his women .
tr	PAST	I sneezed as I rubbed my hands against my bare wrists .
tr	PRES	The sound of Damien 's apology throws me .
tr	PRES	Blah blah ... nothing 's wrong .
tr	PAST	A second later , his fingers massaged her tense shoulders .
tr	PRES	He brings his hands back around and pushes at the waist of my skirt , lowering himself to his knees .
tr	PAST	Everything quieted down as they sat smiling at one another like children enjoying the freedom of having not yet been told it 's impolite to stare .
tr	PAST	I hauled her close , making sure to press my body fully against hers .
tr	PAST	She regarded him steadily .
tr	PAST	# # # # # # # # From Izzy 's journals : April 20 .
tr	PRES	The virtual reality allows the two races to communicate .
tr	PAST	Zander twirled my hair lazily , thoughtfully .
tr	PRES	" Did the sun shine now ? "
tr	PAST	The appearance of the twins , loud and obnoxious , stifled any further conversation .
tr	PRES	Eva and Jackson feed Nicholas and Kayla .
tr	PRES	" But no scary movies . "
tr	PAST	Gain retreated down the hall with her children as we settled down in the living room .
tr	PRES	The only other girl plays the dainty tiny half pound cymbals and she 's the girlfriend of the drum section leader .
tr	PRES	I assume then that you have Friend in custody too , well that is fine for now .
tr	PAST	If you keep going you 'll cross the ancient border of the forest by nightfall , " Seer stated .
tr	PAST	" You don 't want a record , " I lectured her , but I realized the irony of my words .
tr	PAST	She immediately catapulted herself into his surprised arms .
tr	PRES	I steal a look at his profile , but his face is expressionless for once .
tr	PAST	She was just so lovely , her gentleness and goodness setting her apart from everything he represented .
tr	PAST	Sakura gritted her teeth and glared at him .
tr	PAST	Anna froze in her tracks .
tr	PRES	' One who sings to the Moon .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me in my panic that Grinder is in the house .
tr	PAST	Jason seriously doubted that was true .
tr	PRES	You steal this coach I 'm out of work anyway . "
tr	PAST	Each glide layered pleasure upon pleasure , burying her under an avalanche .
tr	PRES	She passes something to me .
tr	PAST	She giggled and kissed my lips again .
tr	PAST	Water sloshed over the rim , drenching the front of my red devil costume .
tr	PRES	" Discovering the wolf changes the equation .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , taking a step back and almost falling down off the doorsteps .
tr	PRES	' Just a few step ladders .
tr	PAST	I scoffed when he twirled me back into his embrace .
tr	PAST	The two grappled further , and I continued firing , knowing I had to be weakening it .
tr	PRES	" What about Art ? "
tr	PRES	He held her close , his cheek resting on top of her head .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PRES	She points to the water and Evan stops moving .
tr	PAST	Darin emerged from behind the sagging branches of a bearded pine .
tr	PRES	She pushes them away , giggling .
tr	PRES	" The fuck ? "
tr	PRES	" She loves me . "
tr	PAST	She pitched herself sideways so the counter would break her fall and winced when the edge hit her squarely in the ribs .
tr	PRES	" What about water wraiths ? "
tr	PRES	At the heart of our own Clan territory lies this nebula .
tr	PRES	" On earning your wings . "
tr	PRES	" The Empire Mall ? "
tr	PRES	I wince at the girl staring back at me ; big green eyes , wet hair stuck to her head , and mascara running down her face .
tr	PRES	" She deserves anything her heart desires . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't underestimate yourself , Oliver .
tr	PRES	I shout at them .
tr	PRES	When it falls back among the trees , its color brings attention to all of the other hanging ropes and the line of flowers on the ground .
tr	PRES	He glances at me in surprise , and I lean in to speak in his ear , where only he will hear me .
tr	PAST	Trystan absorbed her words , internalizing them until each one exploded inside of him .
tr	PRES	" Training clearly pays off . "
tr	PAST	He massaged the back of his neck .
tr	PAST	Garrett steered her away from the artist , and got her walking toward where he 'd parked his car .
tr	PRES	" We have to get to class , " I warn , taking a step back from him .
tr	PRES	He pushes up on his hands and looks down at me like I 'm clueless .
tr	PRES	And Adria ... I lean over fiercely into Viktor 's face .
tr	PAST	He shattered it in his hands .
tr	PRES	The idea of his sweet little sister in the arms of another man suddenly enraged him .
tr	PAST	Edward steered me out through the double French doors and into the garden outside .
tr	PRES	In stories the genie or the witch or the magic cat ... offers you three wishes .
tr	PAST	With my eyes closed I desperately attempted to get my bearings .
tr	PAST	Immediately , an image of Gabriella arose , but he squashed the thought .
tr	PAST	I slowed down and let him catch up .
tr	PAST	" He 's right , you know , " I chimed in .
tr	PAST	He limped , like his left knee was hurt .
tr	PAST	Her bond with Cirrus faltered , and everything rushed into a single blurring motion .
tr	PRES	The rattle of the trains also arrive in his attic and in the darkest nights and endless had thought to call it quits .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , holding my palms out again .
tr	PRES	He brings me more gold than any of you are worth .
tr	PAST	I tugged on the sleeve of his jacket , hoping to get his attention on me , but in an instant he 'd pulled away .
tr	PRES	Gwen 's little hand waves wildly at me , but it 's Wilder 's steady , piercing gaze that has me locking up behind the wheel .
tr	PRES	He deserves to suffer in ways I can 't articulate for what he 's done .
tr	PRES	an old rat should die , ' he mumbled .
tr	PRES	The sun shone boldly down , more than halfway across the sky , but still high enough to burn hot and cast short shadows .
tr	PRES	His gaze flicks to my head , like he 's checking for injuries he might have missed .
tr	PRES	" Right Ralph ? "
tr	PRES	Explains Jason , saying the last part in the leader 's voice mockingly .
tr	PRES	She likes it better this way , and , though it sometimes drives me insane , I 'd rather she was happy . "
tr	PAST	My hands balled into fists , but I crossed my arms to keep myself from using them .
tr	PAST	" You need to get to a doctor , " Diana stated firmly .
tr	PAST	David collapsed back against the backrest .
tr	PAST	He has eluded us to this point . "
tr	PRES	She points at the ring of small love bites that circles my collarbone .
tr	PAST	Laurel smashed a lob overhead , sending the ball sailing past Charlotte 's outstretched racket .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around him , tunneling under his jacket for warmth , and his arms twine around my back , pinning us together .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a gold band and set it on the deed .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes pierced mine .
tr	PRES	The bathroom door begins to open slowly , and my eyes move from my reflection to the reflection of the door .
tr	PAST	" Language , " Ivy mumbled , looking closely at the contraption .
tr	PRES	Fifty feet , at least , of crashing into boulders and tree stumps and thorny bushes and he 'd felt every goddamn thing .
tr	PRES	As we level off in the air I relax .
tr	PAST	The tactical targeting visor also provided night vision and real-time satellite feeds .
tr	PAST	Now , " he advanced toward her with the dildo .
tr	PRES	Mosquitoes and night bugs churn in the beam until he switches the light off .
tr	PRES	" Ahhh , " she breathes with a smile .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the blank paper and laid it out on the table .
tr	PRES	" The binoculars ? "
tr	PRES	The Mother kept pacing , yelling obscenities and threats , the red splotches on her dress growing and deepening in saturation .
tr	PAST	The colonel motioned at the second soldier .
tr	PAST	" I chased you for six months , and now suddenly I can 't get rid of you .
tr	PRES	You can mark my word on it , " the nobleman states with confidence .
tr	PAST	Prince Jake adjusted a knob to show 1952 .
tr	PAST	Each time we bleed we lose a little more of ourselves .
tr	PAST	Ares tensed and the emperor asked , " Is there some way out of here ? "
tr	PAST	He threaded his calloused fingers through the hair at the nape of her neck .
tr	PRES	" Hi , sunshine , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" And really good-looking . "
tr	PRES	" To the phone booth out front . "
tr	PAST	I text this to Gavin .
tr	PAST	Will dialed it back immediately after that to 275 .
tr	PAST	The pistol blast shattered the silence .
tr	PAST	The news article claimed that it would change the dating game yet again , and I almost believed it .
tr	PAST	Same as the beard , really . '
tr	PRES	I eagerly await the day when the agency is no longer a part of my life . "
tr	PRES	She giggles and winks at him .
tr	PRES	The doctor slides his hands into the pockets of his suit and presses his lips together in apology .
tr	PRES	One last gesture to fight the elements before we settle into middle age . '
tr	PRES	" Hey , ask Mack if she happened to see Melinda while she was out today ? "
tr	PRES	" Where you going Babe ? "
tr	PAST	Some of them even operated under a code .
tr	PRES	' ... ha ... so wrong ... such nerds ... ' Jordan was forced to shout .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " he softly opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	" Your star guest has arrived , " he announced .
tr	PAST	Chastity buzzed with power .
tr	PRES	" Later , Jes . "
tr	PRES	" Shh , lass .
tr	PAST	The other claimed Cassie 's attention .
tr	PAST	In shock , she withdrew .
tr	PRES	" And then wipe her memory and head for the airport . "
tr	PRES	" Big Carl ! "
tr	PRES	You belong here . "
tr	PAST	The second drop smashed across his face with an icy , blinding impact .
tr	PAST	I tugged my hands free from the woman .
tr	PAST	" I lent you my boyfriend for nearly a week .
tr	PRES	As she circles the house and begins to run into the woods , she hears the voice of her father as he emerges from the house .
tr	PAST	I untied the ribbon and let it fall to the floor , took the top off the box , and peeled away the layers of tissue paper .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , his eyes widening as he took in her scent .
tr	PRES	" Trust me , when it comes to shooting , you 'll be just fine , " Sadie comforted .
tr	PRES	" And that brings me to my next point . "
tr	PAST	Mason clasped his hands behind his back , keeping the hospital gown closed and somehow managing to still look macho .
tr	PAST	When I tried to help her , she acted like I was being a jerk .
tr	PRES	Blood seeps out of a fresh bullet wound , slowly forming a jagged circular stain on her white T-shirt .
tr	PRES	Every time someone mentions Terra you get defensive .
tr	PAST	Aromatherapy oils , complimentary from the hotel , floated across the surface of the water and released a pleasant odor .
tr	PRES	Oh , yes , bravo , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	I reread the opening lines of the ' bible ' and felt it was good .
tr	PRES	" To manipulate people . "
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to my previous question .
tr	PAST	She motioned for him to go into the snowy living room .
tr	PAST	He interpreted her expressions as wonder , then anger , followed by bewilderment , and ending in a harshly judgmental laugh .
tr	PAST	Forget about me -- I 'll be ok , " he urged .
tr	PAST	I trusted him to see more of me than anyone ever had , both physically and figuratively .
tr	PRES	She loves tracking down stuff when I ask her . "
tr	PAST	It created irrational fears , and provided negative insights into Amber 's own life .
tr	PRES	Concentrating hard , I add little specks of gold on the brown .
tr	PRES	" Do you ... fuck - " He took off his baseball cap and ran a hand through his hair .
tr	PRES	This changes everything . "
tr	PRES	She returns my gaze without flinching .
tr	PAST	He stowed the tools into a storage cavity in the Traveler , and manually pulled the two tubes towards the lake .
tr	PRES	Her clansmen exchange wary , suspicious glances .
tr	PRES	She loves the way I innocently flirt with her and the bantering pisses Chris off , which is a bonus .
tr	PAST	He received more than enough of the drug to ensure a successful experiment .
tr	PAST	I froze , my foot on the bottom step , as I wondered who it could be .
tr	PAST	Using the ornament on the bedside table she smashed the mirror and pulled a shard of glass as the door opened .
tr	PRES	Sam points to the hole she made .
tr	PRES	" Grab some food , Ladies .
tr	PAST	The words floated back out the passage so Hailey grasped how little time she had left if she were to save Noah .
tr	PAST	Sarah unclipped her seat belt and turned toward him , her legs dangling out of the open door .
tr	PAST	" A wrecked car , actually . "
tr	PAST	He divided a bow between me and Edward and was gone almost at once , walking back towards the house .
tr	PRES	" What if it kills me ? "
tr	PAST	Ainsley froze , hands clutching the drapes .
tr	PAST	Monday night , I served my special meat loaf , from a recipe Margaret had shared with me .
tr	PAST	She clasped the knife and aim it to her chest .
tr	PRES	Plus , Valentine hates him . "
tr	PAST	Hasn 't he been sort of on the outside of the main group ?
tr	PRES	Determined Sander reaches out grabbing Christos ' head from behind focusing his power to overcome Christos ' free will .
tr	PRES	While I nibble she gulps as if there is no tomorrow .
tr	PAST	" At first , we blamed you . "
tr	PAST	She always feared this day would come .
tr	PRES	" Don 't blame me , my mother always buys us new outfits every month , for me and for Hafiz .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to answer , but then pauses as if in thought .
tr	PAST	Her palm glided through his hair as her fingers flexed and curled against his head .
tr	PAST	Her eyes stiffened mournfully in their sockets .
tr	PRES	' He went to the funeral , ' he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" The habit ? "
tr	PAST	After she downed the rest , she perked , tears of happiness still glittering in her eyes .
tr	PRES	We pile out of the car and into the dark woods that separate the highway from the town .
tr	PRES	His dress shoes shone under the afternoon sunlight , a dark pinstriped tie hanging loosely around his neck .
tr	PAST	Just then Leah 's phone beeped .
tr	PRES	The months that you spent with him , if he convinced you that you did belong with him ... " He pulls me back into his chest .
tr	PRES	" The plane crash ... " Her brows rushed together in a frown as she tried to remember something important , something elusive .
tr	PRES	I assume the Adidas bag is filled with clothing about as tasteful as what I 'm looking at .
tr	PAST	The two women squealed and embraced , with Holly standing to the side and squealing along with them .
tr	PAST	Cara brightened at my invitation and promised to see me in the cafeteria .
tr	PAST	and collapsed to the ground , giggling .
tr	PAST	Turning his head toward me , he nuzzled my chest , and my heart nearly burst .
tr	PAST	These dark thoughts troubled him and he walked on , seemingly for many hours .
tr	PRES	Sean never talks about the future .
tr	PAST	" They claimed she knew Cleopatra . "
tr	PAST	My mind exploded with crazy thoughts : grab her .
tr	PRES	He opens the door for me and holds my hand as we stroll toward my red Corolla .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Floyd ? "
tr	PAST	" Come along , children , " Mr. George urged us , taking my arm .
tr	PRES	A very sensual man who adored women of all shapes and sizes .
tr	PAST	Your logic destroyed you , didn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	It grieved her so much that she considered suicide .
tr	PAST	When Emma saw Mr. Mercer 's tall , straight back at the stove , pouring pancake batter into a frying pan , she froze .
tr	PRES	My wolf danced around excitedly , like she 'd been doing all day .
tr	PRES	" I love your lips , " he murmurs , putting his bottle down and raising his hand to my mouth .
tr	PRES	Echo lets out a quick breath .
tr	PAST	He only lied to make sure they kept their story straight and at least what he said would give them some direction in their fictitious lives .
tr	PAST	He dreamed of her as if she was .
tr	PAST	Her green eyes glowed with warm amusement .
tr	PAST	She propped her hands in her face and looked to her dad .
tr	PRES	She climbs out of the car only to step in a wad of WHITE bubble - gum .
tr	PAST	He plunged inside her and then moaned when he felt his release spill out of the tip of his cock .
tr	PRES	As he got his asthma attack under control he reviewed the situation .
tr	PRES	" Same light strokes as in the Keats .
tr	PAST	Although he proved to be not so bad , all things considered , I trusted no one .
tr	PAST	Just the dreaded name conjured up memories she had worked to suppress .
tr	PAST	We bleed in both cups , " smiling when Dirk chuckles .
tr	PRES	It remains a real mystery .
tr	PAST	The heat of her , the moist honey of her readiness produced a groan of heady excitement from Riley .
tr	PRES	Get me my attorney , goddamn it . "
tr	PRES	" Horses scare me , and no , not everyone would have done the same thing and you know it .
tr	PRES	Shock , pain then total darkness followed the unexpected presence of the muscular man .
tr	PAST	He wore a protective metal sleeve as most Hunters did to guard against bites by vampires and the creatures they transformed into .
tr	PAST	As he did so , its slithering , coiling body exploded , then reformed again in the air above us .
tr	PRES	Elle opens the door wider to allow me to walk in .
tr	PRES	Tammie remembers her blunder and frowns .
tr	PRES	" An intimacy kit -- they call it -- just in case we didn 't remember to pack any . "
tr	PRES	" Ooo , the Simi wishes .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head as music suddenly drifted out from another apartment .
tr	PAST	Abigail preferred to work behind the scenes , not be the center of attention .
tr	PAST	Unbelievably sexy , too .
tr	PAST	Covering the distance quickly , Deckard seized the barrel and pulled it towards him , and brought his spade across .
tr	PRES	" The cold binds the liquid potion to the ground .
tr	PAST	Ralph twirled Spaghetti on his fork .
tr	PAST	He sensed a cat somewhere off to his left and a couple of dogs in the back yard of another house he passed .
tr	PAST	The tiger slashed in hard , rapid strokes , then dove to latch his teeth around Kellerman 's throat .
tr	PAST	But dreamed it right .
tr	PRES	' My greatest achievement .
tr	PRES	Her body stills and her mouth opens on a gasp .
tr	PAST	His hands left her shoulders and plunged into her hair , tilting her head to the angle he desired .
tr	PAST	Whimsy lightened somber emerald eyes to spring grass .
tr	PRES	Instead , her brows knit together in studious interest .
tr	PAST	" All right , you two , " I intervened .
tr	PRES	Instead he stares at my finger .
tr	PRES	They discover you as soon as you begin playing . "
tr	PRES	" Whenever you 're ready Gemma . "
tr	PRES	My eye throbs , and pain shoots throughout my stomach .
tr	PRES	" Andrew likes you very much .
tr	PAST	" Gemma , " a feathery voice floated up from beneath my feet .
tr	PAST	I prayed for him to say no .
tr	PAST	Its wings buzzed madly , but they weren 't taking it anywhere ; they were too heavily coated with Raid .
tr	PAST	But she 'd agreed to marry him of her free will , then proceeded to blow his mind with passion and pleasure ever since .
tr	PRES	As he eats , he talks .
tr	PAST	She wept openly as the pastor started his sermon .
tr	PAST	" Take a seat and get comfortable , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	She almost sees it .
tr	PRES	Glancing at my father , tears glisten in his eyes as he watches her .
tr	PAST	Her skin itched for relief .
tr	PAST	He swiped his palm over the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	I assume that 's true , but should we really keep it ?
tr	PAST	Her ears perked and my muscles tensed for a quick second .
tr	PRES	It belongs to another man who will leave you as soon as he gets word of your pregnancy .
tr	PRES	I screwed up . "
tr	PRES	You can see her trying to figure out what to do with that wire , " Peeta snaps back .
tr	PRES	Finally spent , I lean forward and support myself against my knees with my hands to catch my breath .
tr	PAST	Keisha whipped her body around , shaking the ladder .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , closing their door and turning towards the stairs .
tr	PAST	Lea circled around Luisa , who easily followed Lea , not letting her out of sight .
tr	PRES	Even though the memories of her parents and childhood were bittersweet , they comforted her .
tr	PAST	Flint lied when he said that he was in town to attend a professional seminar . "
tr	PRES	This affects me as well . "
tr	PRES	He stands like a rock , hard and strong .
tr	PRES	" And Braden will kick your ass if you try and set her up with anyone in the frat house , " Maddie points out .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	So she named me Gabriel . "
tr	PAST	Witnesses suddenly quit or changed their story .
tr	PRES	" So , she hates me because her son likes me ? "
tr	PAST	I text Lindsey back with a simple question mark .
tr	PAST	" Someone with your friend Zachary 's face visited her , asking about you .
tr	PAST	Dollop sensed he should change the subject and moved back to the Chancellor 's possible whereabouts .
tr	PAST	Nothing floated into focus .
tr	PAST	Now that they were flying upward , it required real physical exertion , but they seemed to be moving faster .
tr	PAST	The colonel motioned to one of his lieutenants to tie off a white flag .
tr	PAST	" I - " He froze .
tr	PAST	He palmed her ass , his eyes taking in the view , then he slapped her lightly .
tr	PRES	' Where your pet ? '
tr	PRES	They govern the energies relationships have with each other , their Prana , or Qi , or Chi .
tr	PRES	He considers something and then there 's the slightest sparkle in his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Thine jewel hath drawn a meteor from another realm .
tr	PAST	Got anything like that ? "
tr	PRES	" I see your friend Heather over there Jessica , " Momma sometimes likes to point out the obvious , just to spark up a conversation .
tr	PRES	Within the black water swam silver shapes that twisted the mind into taffy .
tr	PAST	Guy eyed the man threateningly ; the man lowered his head timidly and returned to crunching whatever numbers he had been buried in .
tr	PAST	I hauled my sorry ass out of that chair and ran down the beach after him , Blue on my heel .
tr	PRES	" So who 's leading the other warrior angels ? "
tr	PRES	" At least it helps with the smell , huh ?
tr	PAST	It certainly freed up more living space , that 's for sure . '
tr	PRES	If Douglas says it 's dangerous , then I ken it 's true .
tr	PAST	Chrissie regarded her with a suspicious glare .
tr	PRES	" High School ? "
tr	PAST	In that enormous moment of suspense , the man 's face split from ear to ear in the most generous smile Harry ever witnessed .
tr	PAST	She twirled before him , giving him a brief view of how the material clung to her delicious ass .
tr	PAST	Nothing existed but Graham , thick and hard inside her , the night , the grass prickling her hands and knees .
tr	PAST	How immature , he pondered .
tr	PRES	A solemn silence falls between us and I know his mind is on what will happen next , just as mine is .
tr	PAST	Cassie lifted her chin as she marched forward , her head held high , her hands fisted as she moved gracefully through the departing crowd .
tr	PAST	" And quit beating up the wall .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hands again .
tr	PRES	" She suspects , but part of the deal was that she wouldn 't say anything as long as you and I take out Talia . "
tr	PAST	" When you bring people back from the dead , they are not their true selves anymore , " she hollered .
tr	PAST	In return each received a rapturous applause , not only from the crowd but from their peers as well .
tr	PRES	The guy who delivered the pizza forgot plates and napkins .
tr	PAST	After looking in a notebook , the mason measured out and then marked the stones using a black piece of chalk .
tr	PAST	Cold bursts of air invaded every open seam , crack , or warped windowsill .
tr	PRES	He stands up from the couch while Adel 's mother holds him steady .
tr	PRES	" You are a poet at heart , " she teased me gently .
tr	PAST	She clutched her hands over her mouth , fighting the urge to vomit .
tr	PRES	Marika futilely clawed at the Jinn 's arm , her nails unable to penetrate the shimmering silver coat he wore that matched his trousers .
tr	PAST	" Today we hike further in and set up camp .
tr	PRES	Because when you are afraid or under stress she senses it and her wolf instincts kick in . "
tr	PRES	What brings you here first thing in the morning ? "
tr	PAST	The word bounced around inside of me like a Ping-Pong ball .
tr	PRES	" He deserves to be thrashed soundly .
tr	PRES	" -- the bottom line , Lydia -- " " -- you have to make the choice . "
tr	PAST	I merely thanked my good fortune that we were not running from spears at our backs .
tr	PRES	" Just other orphans .
tr	PRES	He stares at the cat and it stares back at him .
tr	PAST	He shrugged , reached over , and grabbed the cordless phone , then pitched it underhanded to her .
tr	PAST	I mumbled something about welcome to the real world .
tr	PAST	I race to school and head for the library .
tr	PRES	As much as she loved Allegra , she dreaded living the way her younger sister did .
tr	PRES	Ryan finally hears me ; he takes a step back , stares at Doug 's listless body , and then glances in my direction .
tr	PAST	A long , low crate floated ten yards off , slowly spinning in an eddy , offering some shelter .
tr	PRES	Serena enters the Great Hall with Kai .
tr	PRES	Amid the chaos of cheers , the first three stallions parade out .
tr	PAST	Petrus attempted to get away but Trevor , Dmitri and Baxter had him subdued and cuffed after a very brief struggle .
tr	PRES	Logan holds Skyla by the dirt lot and I speed on over .
tr	PAST	The bird screeched in agony .
tr	PAST	Beside me , Sam stiffened .
tr	PRES	Kelly enters with the coffee and I take a cup quickly , happy to be able to be rid of my wine .
tr	PRES	" In the mood for a hike ? "
tr	PAST	She had abandoned him , abandoned him to this suave , oily ... very powerful man .
tr	PRES	Another hour passes with no sign of him .
tr	PAST	He sniffed at his armpit and grimaced ; it reeked .
tr	PAST	Iseo squinted into the darkness .
tr	PAST	She runs her lips over my chest , completely engulfed in the freedom the fantasy affords .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe it ? "
tr	PAST	Jared squeezed my leg under the table , like he innately knew what I was experiencing , his head cocked as he smiled over at me .
tr	PAST	" This is little Mary , " Malthus stated .
tr	PAST	She giggled and patted her ample hips .
tr	PAST	Her body convulsed , a huge gasp escaping her mouth as she slammed her chest into the air , then back to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Dammit , sorry bro .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand .
tr	PAST	He slapped her and she fell to the ground .
tr	PRES	" She is nothing to me , " he snaps with a careless gesture of one hand .
tr	PAST	The Bitch grunted reluctantly but obeyed .
tr	PRES	Right now he sees me as his teacher , not his mother . "
tr	PAST	An arm snaked its way around my shoulders and spun me back around .
tr	PRES	God of fire destroys if angry .
tr	PRES	Danny chuckles at this endless parade of semesters abroad .
tr	PAST	Sorry to disappoint , " Jeff joked .
tr	PRES	Unlocking the door , he opens it and steps out .
tr	PAST	It represented those in the city who had escaped the Black Plague during the eighteenth century .
tr	PAST	They circled and pointed and underlined very urgently .
tr	PRES	" And a warning to you , Nike .
tr	PRES	He inhales my hair and buries his face in my neck and I sigh .
tr	PAST	It sniffed , which is quite hard to do through a beak .
tr	PRES	He opens the box .
tr	PAST	As they move menacingly forward , I quickly retreat , knowing that I am no match for their strength or number .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to speak but Isabel cuts him off with a wave of her hand .
tr	PRES	Perry glares silently down at her , attempting to make her leave of her own volition , but she doesn 't take notice .
tr	PAST	After the five minutes had passed , Whitlock whipped her head from side to side and staggered a little .
tr	PRES	royal house and royal servants ... . "
tr	PAST	Lucien motioned to Aeron .
tr	PRES	The other quarters murmur indignantly among themselves .
tr	PAST	Carl from maintenance exited the elevator , and passed by with a tool bag , a bucket , and a squeegee .
tr	PRES	Isaiah holds on when I move to go after her .
tr	PRES	A photo falls from my papers and lands face up .
tr	PAST	He slowed the steps until they were doing little more than swaying in each other 's arms .
tr	PAST	I joked , watching as my aunt pulled out a squished cardboard box .
tr	PRES	Corporate turf wars . "
tr	PRES	With a devilish grin , he reaches over me and opens my bedside table .
tr	PAST	She lightly slapped his finger away .
tr	PRES	" This isn 't for me , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	The voice smacked of desperation .
tr	PAST	The floor glowed purple , bathing the room in ultraviolet light from beneath .
tr	PRES	It strikes me that I knew very little about my father and the things he did .
tr	PAST	" Amateurs , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	Helen froze on the spot , unable to react while the sentence slowly sunk in .
tr	PAST	When Tripp finally pulled into Woods 's driveway I almost wept with relief to see that his truck and my car were the only two vehicles there .
tr	PRES	Idling in the parking lot , the silver bus chugged exhaust into the night .
tr	PRES	Bright spots danced and shimmered before her eyes .
tr	PAST	A Wise One visited that most sacred city twice in her life .
tr	PAST	Given the day I 'd had , if I hadn 't been to this room before , I might have panicked .
tr	PRES	" And after all that fuss about wearing clothing in the first place ! "
tr	PRES	I strain to catch every one of them .
tr	PRES	Evan stares at me for an eternity and pity surfaces in his eyes as he presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	Janelle provided all that Oriole asked for .
tr	PRES	She whispers , drawing a desperate breath .
tr	PRES	" Put me down , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Steve 's expression steadied .
tr	PAST	Losing patience , he tugged at the top drawer more aggressively .
tr	PRES	He begins to weep .
tr	PRES	" I know how you feel , Bride .
tr	PAST	" No , it just dove at me and then stole a book from me .
tr	PRES	My mind flashes in pain blindingly as everything grows black .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over him .
tr	PAST	Adam volunteered when silence no longer worked , taking a long drink of coffee as she waited , forcing patience .
tr	PAST	We hopped out and it was only now that we were closer that I saw what Camden meant by " battered . "
tr	PAST	Even in her head his deep voice rumbled , another seductive layer that weakened her resolve .
tr	PRES	Jaws snap with sudden force against the bars of the cage , eyes the size of fists flashing red in the dark .
tr	PRES	' Immortal , eh ? '
tr	PRES	' She lies ! '
tr	PRES	" Me neither , " he teased , his chest rising unsteadily against mine .
tr	PRES	And then he imagined her as he 'd not yet seen her , peeling off her clothes and smiling , tempting him , accepting him .
tr	PAST	Staying so close to the road risked letting him catch her , but she couldn 't abandon the only lifeline she had .
tr	PRES	" They decide what should to be done , " he corrects .
tr	PAST	' No one created those rules .
tr	PRES	" Oh Cuz , it looks like you 're getting replaced by a good couch and some book hero , " Ryan teased him .
tr	PRES	Should we formulate a plan of attack ? '
tr	PAST	Nate stole one more peek before allowing the others a turn .
tr	PRES	She belongs here ... As they yanked Nate to his feet , he was considering the wisdom of another attempt at escape .
tr	PRES	" Smoke , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Ethan , " she says , clutching my shoulders , her nails piercing through the fabric of my shirt and into my skin .
tr	PAST	Liam still lingered behind Ty 's shoulder for cover .
tr	PRES	Evil barbarian viper ! "
tr	PRES	Cody Stanfield : " This is our senior year and a guy can have anything he wants . "
tr	PRES	Cole stands , presses the phone to his ear with his shoulder , and takes hold of my hand , " None . "
tr	PRES	I guess all us northern people crave tropic climes .
tr	PRES	He glances down at me , and I force myself to meet his gaze .
tr	PAST	It merely exposed a piece of strawberry pie he 'd been eating earlier .
tr	PRES	She called , her voice unsteady .
tr	PRES	He loves you so much and just wants the very best for you and he 's concerned that his dying has changed you forever .
tr	PRES	Victoria passes a girl with handsome features busy distributing advertisements .
tr	PAST	Chad mirrored his every move .
tr	PRES	Miranda approaches them and looks closely . )
tr	PRES	Ty glances at me sideways .
tr	PRES	He deserves a happy ending . "
tr	PAST	Taking a quick glance at her reflection in the Thunderbird 's shiny bumper , she pinched her cheeks and puffed her ' fro .
tr	PAST	Not even warlocks , witches or any other type of dark forces dared to challenge her .
tr	PAST	Once again my predecessor should have proceeded ruthlessly against this English spy . '
tr	PAST	" How strange ... " Wulf couldn 't stand the flannel barrier anymore .
tr	PRES	He holds onto my elbow until he slings an arm around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	He reappeared in the doorway in khaki shorts and a fitted T-shirt .
tr	PAST	' I died , ' I stated bluntly .
tr	PRES	" All kinds . "
tr	PRES	He winks at her .
tr	PRES	Something flashes past me and I turn ready to blast it with sol , but it is Nikolai .
tr	PAST	Eric emerged in the long corridor that led to the apartments .
tr	PRES	This remains one of the great unexplained mysteries of runic magic , and researchers continue to pursue explanations and solutions to this day .
tr	PAST	" Fin thinks it might be a good thing , " Laura sought to reassure him .
tr	PAST	Whatever they did to Colton , it stripped him of his Conduit ability and left him broken .
tr	PAST	After she 'd said amen and started to drift off , a revelation floated through her mind .
tr	PAST	Four guards saluted him as he stepped out onto the floor .
tr	PAST	Blood , pumping from the punctures , glistening crimson and beckoning him .
tr	PRES	" An elephant ? "
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PAST	" I don 't know what you are talking about , " I lied , my heart pounding in my chest .
tr	PAST	She cringed just thinking about her long and trying week .
tr	PRES	He slides his hand up my skirt .
tr	PAST	Then he coiled his athletic frame , his arms bending and his legs folding over .
tr	PAST	" I represented Preston .
tr	PAST	Sam gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	A young girl is standing in front of the car , her hands resting flat on the hood .
tr	PAST	The goggles worn by Virgin Soldiers provided colorless yet effective night vision .
tr	PRES	" Take off , eh ?
tr	PRES	And not a stalker . "
tr	PRES	" Old brats . "
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , " Stone reassured her , smiling through the blood on his face .
tr	PAST	Another part of me feared we hadn 't seen the last of Alicia .
tr	PAST	We stole a small , transport ship -- one of my royal barges that I used to travel the planet at my leisure .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his filthy shirt but didn 't bother changing his trousers .
tr	PRES	She giggles every time Billy says that .
tr	PAST	" Well , well , well , " a great voice boomed behind her .
tr	PRES	Officer Dan stops him .
tr	PAST	Breath froze in him .
tr	PRES	" I did , " I protest weakly .
tr	PAST	Kali adjusted her dress .
tr	PAST	I had volunteered to take the first watch ; I 'd spent most of the day unconscious after all .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , dealing even with the currency itself .
tr	PAST	Luke sensed her confusion and cleared his throat .
tr	PRES	" I du n no , I 've walked away from a lot better . "
tr	PAST	Stepping into the foyer , he motioned for her to hurry and she ran down the stairs without making a sound .
tr	PRES	He lets one of those off we 're all dead .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Delilah .
tr	PRES	He just changes the subject .
tr	PRES	She releases my shirt and folds her arms over her chest .
tr	PRES	" Well - " They exchanged troubled glances .
tr	PRES	" How many percent total ? "
tr	PRES	If we continue increasing our size , we increase our chances -- Of infiltrating the town ?
tr	PAST	Her chest bounced beneath her thin silk blouse and her hands went angrily to her hips , momentarily distracting Nick .
tr	PAST	A lonesome torch clutched the corner of the room , its billowing flames shedding a rich golden light over the entire space of the room .
tr	PRES	" This lifestyle isn 't one size fits all , Melissa .
tr	PRES	She danced and skipped around the plane clapping her hands , chanting , " Wilbur built an airplane !
tr	PAST	I thanked him for that information , and seeing that I was paying , made him promise he wouldn 't order one .
tr	PAST	I unscrewed the metal panel covering the unit while Reid and Anatole laid down cover fire .
tr	PRES	He points to the light bulb above him with our chargers sticking out of the socket .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and looks down at the metal case .
tr	PAST	I never sensed her there , and I usually ... Who knows what she heard ? "
tr	PAST	He cocked the gun with a click .
tr	PRES	" I know , " I smiled , " He sure deserves this . "
tr	PAST	Lee 's confusion transformed into a smile .
tr	PRES	And she loves him , instead of me ! "
tr	PAST	Instead , he received a knife , handle deep , in his chest .
tr	PRES	Then one day he sees this vision .
tr	PAST	Her laughter crawled up Julian 's leg and smacked him in the gut .
tr	PRES	He stops abruptly , his breath still hot against my neck .
tr	PRES	The storm overhead clears and the night is peaceful once again .
tr	PAST	I abandoned you . "
tr	PRES	They teach us how to take them .
tr	PRES	" What the hell Katherine !
tr	PRES	" A bat ? "
tr	PRES	Damien approaches the bed .
tr	PRES	But he felt the need , the obsession boil up in his brain .
tr	PRES	Angelo chuckles , " I always enjoy working with new captains , so eager to get themselves killed . "
tr	PAST	He attempted a grin , but in his face , there was clear apprehension .
tr	PRES	My dad 's crew loves me .
tr	PRES	I mutter as I instinctively reach a hand out to her .
tr	PAST	Edward leaped in front of them , seemingly out of nowhere .
tr	PAST	The glass shattered ; everything flew out of the ruptured silver case .
tr	PRES	Lurking , waiting , plotting .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head as he heard faint music playing from another room .
tr	PRES	" The Borden . "
tr	PRES	The smile glides from his face .
tr	PAST	He sensed the tension in her body and tightened it with every slide of his tongue .
tr	PRES	She holds court and her pretty males are still lined up to do whatever she asks .
tr	PAST	She clutched at her heart , the tears making it impossible to see so that she sat down again and covered her face .
tr	PRES	He stands up and looks awkwardly around the room .
tr	PRES	Mother sees me and grabs me by the arm .
tr	PRES	They belong to her , after all . "
tr	PRES	She purses her lips and clutches her bag .
tr	PAST	I thanked them for not betraying my discomfort .
tr	PRES	" Maybe an old flag marker ? "
tr	PAST	Mom 's face brightened at Amanda 's description .
tr	PRES	" What a horrid temper you have , Lucien Remington , " Julienne teased as she opened the hidden panel in the wall .
tr	PRES	The rest of the Undine in line lean out to see who he has chosen .
tr	PAST	Luis exhaled and ran toward him .
tr	PAST	Careers that provided him with people he trusted with his life .
tr	PRES	Our quiet world begins again as our ears can barely hear .
tr	PAST	Wide mortar lines outlined the stone 's odd shape .
tr	PRES	Those bitches ... They ruined my brother and sister .
tr	PRES	" Just a few blocks from here .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you want , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	I eyed her anxiously , wondering if she had had any idea that this was coming .
tr	PRES	They tip great . "
tr	PAST	The man slowed as he stooped to grab something .
tr	PRES	My mom 's SUV stands in the garage when I get home .
tr	PAST	Auron squinted and saw the stranger on the rooftop .
tr	PRES	I scramble up , ready to fight him with everything I have ... But someone grabs me from behind .
tr	PAST	The bullet bounced off .
tr	PAST	Madeline 's face crumpled with confusion .
tr	PRES	I scramble up as she leaps off her branches and lands on the edge of mine .
tr	PRES	He easily holds my hand , watching his legally married wife and biological baby daughter .
tr	PRES	As we approach what used to be the grand entrance , Gale points out something and the whole party slows down .
tr	PAST	I pretended to be really interested in the perfumes , saying , " Definitely a chocolate undertone , " when prompted by Mrs. Hubert .
tr	PAST	He panicked for a minute but then kept walking .
tr	PAST	Two soldiers joked with each other as they meandered back to their truck .
tr	PRES	And that kills me , Van .
tr	PAST	With that in mind , I pretended to go limp .
tr	PAST	But then something tickled my arms , and bubbles began breaking all around me , and a moment later Emma broke the surface , gasping for breath .
tr	PRES	What luscious raspberry and vanilla . "
tr	PRES	She slides her large clawed hand across the chessboard , sending the improvised chess pieces rolling or bouncing away across the deck .
tr	PAST	The heat lingered , excited .
tr	PRES	Cassandra rises and so does the creature .
tr	PRES	" Kate ... " Katherine hesitated , apparently looking for the right words .
tr	PAST	In the palace he treated me like a little sister , sending me occasional gifts on my naming day or whenever he could get away with it .
tr	PAST	She sobbed as she looked about , panic-stricken .
tr	PAST	In the distance , a side road snaked down toward the Point Bonita lighthouse .
tr	PAST	He doubted anyone in the car was going to volunteer anything , but there was one thing he wanted to say .
tr	PAST	A wagon was prepared , horses readied .
tr	PRES	" Nothing to talk about , Ma .
tr	PAST	For the last hundred yards we crawled , and then as we breasted a small rise at the edge of town , we were on our bellies .
tr	PAST	He further violated the " untouchable rule " and carefully removed the folded papers , believing them to be something incriminating .
tr	PRES	Her skin melts into me like butter .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he said , his tone clipped .
tr	PRES	My hand drifts up to clasp at my necklace as I watch him awkwardly .
tr	PAST	Tessa tensed all over .
tr	PAST	" I think I 'm a bit hungry , " Barret mumbled , wincing at the brightness of the sun .
tr	PRES	" Like Adam Stone or Kevin Manning ? "
tr	PRES	" A text ? "
tr	PRES	" Let him go , Sarge ! "
tr	PAST	Ryan completed two more interviews , all staged and programmed by his team on the ground to get the company 's message out .
tr	PAST	" Sandcastle City , " Molly announced .
tr	PRES	I wipe the slime from my face with my sleeve and I can see the girl smiling at me while I do it .
tr	PRES	She holds up her hand so I can 't argue .
tr	PRES	The sun , for one , barely shone there and everywhere was surrounded by water and swamps .
tr	PAST	I slapped him on the back .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches the corner of my back pocket .
tr	PRES	Gray Wolf offers to take over the helm and allow the helmsman to go below and rest .
tr	PAST	Then , suddenly , the car leaped out onto the road , tires screaming .
tr	PAST	Finally , Hal grunted in pain as something solid hit him in the back of his knees and knocked him off balance .
tr	PRES	I don 't understand how people could have allowed this to happen , blah blah blah . "
tr	PAST	He yawned again , tears of exhaustion springing to his eyes .
tr	PAST	" Make sure you call me , " he hollered as we exited .
tr	PAST	" I need to concentrate on this , " she lied .
tr	PAST	He stomped forward and shoved me in anger .
tr	PAST	I willed her eyes to open , but my words did nothing .
tr	PAST	It 'll be way too big for you , but put it on anyway , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	A mist emerged from the acolyte 's mouth , slowly rising .
tr	PRES	Your sea monster plays for them , as she plays for you . "
tr	PRES	" Came 2 c u. I miss u : -- LRB - " But Wayne reminded the young girl of his concerns .
tr	PAST	Herds of elk , deer , antelope , and buffalo roamed the plains .
tr	PAST	I sensed an opportunity and pounced .
tr	PRES	He stands and squares up to me .
tr	PAST	Sam limped out of his office then , using his cane .
tr	PAST	" You claimed the sea monster 's flesh had the power - " " I lied , " Yves said miserably .
tr	PAST	Dean shuffled into the room and took the tie from Nick .
tr	PRES	If his heart stops a trigger releases his stockpile of toxin worldwide .
tr	PAST	Working through the drama surrounding Neil required another set of ears .
tr	PAST	As they turned onto Main Street , he announced that Grace had agreed to go with them .
tr	PAST	" They often come to our class during lunchtime to exchange ideas for their next tale , " Stephanie quickly revealed .
tr	PRES	He holds a small light , shinning it into one eye , then the other .
tr	PRES	" How many members ? "
tr	PRES	His very first granddaughter .
tr	PAST	Once there , he abandoned any attempts at decorum .
tr	PRES	I lean over and carefully pull him onto his back , laying him flat .
tr	PAST	I perked up and listened harder .
tr	PRES	I punch the code into the keypad .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me .
tr	PRES	Jews dedicate the seventh day , or Sabbath -- which falls on the modern Saturday -- to recalling the divine basis of life .
tr	PRES	" I assume it 's wrapped .
tr	PAST	" Shit , " Styx rasped , watching Cassandra crumple to the ground before he turned to glare at the Were standing silently at his side .
tr	PAST	A middle-aged woman in a suit exited one of the classroom doors .
tr	PRES	People crave something that is sensual , that reveals the inner workings of the human mind , and I give them that . "
tr	PRES	Jael 's head snaps back , blood spurting from his nose , but an answering light kindles in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Ethan drapes his arm on the back of the sofa and his fingers brush my hair away from my neck .
tr	PAST	A desk awaited him in some obscure corner of the building where he would monitor everything Azriel did , just as directed .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the floor on top of his violin case .
tr	PAST	I feared that I wouldn 't be able to gain control over the burning pain , and I couldn 't lose it here .
tr	PAST	My eyes glazed over as they zoned in on the stars .
tr	PRES	And a strained ankle .
tr	PRES	" Apparently his word stands . "
tr	PRES	' Violet , get back in the room , ' Luke hisses , putting his arm out and shoving me back .
tr	PAST	I freaked out and didn 't think . "
tr	PRES	Everybody who 's charged blames the other guy .
tr	PAST	Before I could look away , his gaze skipped right over to me and settled on my right side .
tr	PAST	They both chorus Joseph with thank-yous before they leave into the night .
tr	PRES	Put simply , good essence opens the door to the light , while bad , the door to the dark .
tr	PRES	Alex glances over at the casual lounge pants and random Sailor Moon t-shirt Camilla gave me , sitting on the counter .
tr	PRES	" Ow , " I murmur , my throat thick with tears .
tr	PRES	" College football . "
tr	PAST	We retreated to the center of the street .
tr	PRES	But Tori just snorts .
tr	PRES	" You the cleanup crew ? "
tr	PAST	Because she 'd committed herself to Roman with those three little words .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , Daddy , " Reagan echoes sweetly .
tr	PRES	Melinda 's eyes shone with laughter .
tr	PAST	For the next ten minutes we roamed back and forth in front of that wall of mist yelling for her to hear us .
tr	PRES	" How tragic . "
tr	PAST	So she recruited Manny to come along .
tr	PRES	He flips out and starts lecturing me .
tr	PRES	Anyone but her , you pig . "
tr	PRES	He removes his helmet , smirking , " I was going to come looking for you , but you found me first . "
tr	PRES	Are you feeling lucky , Major ? "
tr	PAST	" This is not a topic that is open for debate , " he stated .
tr	PRES	For killing Cain . "
tr	PAST	Everyone brightened as they billowed out , and the Reapers were especially pleased , and held themselves proudly .
tr	PAST	He grunted , savoring the vanilla sweet scent of her blood as it raced beneath the surface of her delicate skin .
tr	PAST	" Post these up on the wall there , " the deputy instructed .
tr	PAST	Nate glided closer to the others , thirty or forty feet above the bulging sail .
tr	PRES	' Du n no , sir .
tr	PAST	Their mouths fused as he entered her on a slow slide of languorous satisfaction .
tr	PRES	" The medicine ? "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , green pulp squirted from it like pimple juice .
tr	PAST	The housekeeper reappeared and placed a steaming plate in front of each of them .
tr	PRES	The whiteboard on it falls to the carpet and I pick it up .
tr	PAST	He nodded , his whole face shadowed with a frown .
tr	PAST	I pretended to deliberate for a second .
tr	PAST	He stuffed Boots into the pack and heaved her onto his back .
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me how to do that ? "
tr	PRES	I snap open the box .
tr	PAST	A pang of shame jabbed him , but he ignored it .
tr	PRES	She loves you . "
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	I risked everything to get those letters back for you , because I respected you and didn 't want to see you embarrassed .
tr	PAST	The pain behind his words coiled around my insides until it nearly suffocated me .
tr	PRES	" It ok Miss. .
tr	PAST	It shattered into tiny pieces as it hit the floor .
tr	PRES	The owner stops and looks at Adel .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I 'm real glad to hear that . "
tr	PRES	He glances at me , then back at Leni .
tr	PRES	And the fact that I 'm about to make her relive it .
tr	PAST	On arrival his bags awaited him and a bellman quickly loaded into the trunk .
tr	PAST	But instead , she screeched : " Why the hell isn 't Earle doing the intro ? "
tr	PAST	Legend claimed there was a spring of clear water in that country which bestowed wisdom to any man who drank from it .
tr	PAST	I rinsed out the sink , dried my hands on the dish towel , and shut the window to keep in the air-conditioning .
tr	PRES	She holds a champagne glass filled with bubbly , orange liquid .
tr	PRES	He points at my shoes .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , releasing it slowly .
tr	PRES	She touches a finger to her lips thoughtfully , studying me .
tr	PRES	I add that question to the mire too .
tr	PRES	Says you know him . "
tr	PAST	Aunt Marilyn eyed Sophie over the rim of her paper coffee cup .
tr	PAST	I sniffed at it .
tr	PAST	Sofie shrieked in response .
tr	PAST	' I know , Mr Judd .
tr	PAST	Shivers tickled her spine .
tr	PAST	" The amar is not here , sir , " a soldier finally reported .
tr	PRES	Wind whipped through the stark , bare branches of the oak tree , rattling the limbs .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the hillsides surrounding us .
tr	PRES	He glares at me mockingly .
tr	PAST	He proposed it like he was arranging someone else 's marriage .
tr	PRES	' Your Highness ? '
tr	PRES	" Riding helps . "
tr	PAST	" Knock it off .
tr	PAST	" When he came at me , I froze .
tr	PRES	" For our six-week anniversary , Bonnie , a re-creation of our first date . "
tr	PRES	Janet opens the door .
tr	PAST	Mike topped off my tea , filled his own cup before he directed his full attention toward me .
tr	PAST	Low singing in rich harmony arose into the clouds above the moors .
tr	PRES	" I ... maybe we shouldn 't - " " Shh .
tr	PAST	Then a car exploded in front of our door . "
tr	PRES	He holds out a hand to test the drizzle of rain .
tr	PAST	The man saluted and immediately began blowing a quick signal on his horn .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth as if she 's about to answer then turns abruptly like she 's thought of something better .
tr	PAST	And afterwards -- you thanked me !
tr	PAST	She risked a peep around the corner .
tr	PRES	Eventually Brick tuned in to the message .
tr	PAST	But in the moment , the need to see William outweighed any rational thought .
tr	PAST	Sal supported him when he had his football injury , encouraging him not to give up .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Laura !
tr	PRES	Push her too soon and she might never turn to either Sven or Olaf . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled slowly as he dropped me back to the ground .
tr	PAST	She zigzagged through side streets until she came to the Gulfport Municipal Airport , where the small Learjet was waiting .
tr	PRES	She collects the remote from the armrest and aims it at the television , muting it .
tr	PRES	" Everybody loves a winner ! "
tr	PRES	And a little scary .
tr	PAST	He identified it as a sedan , newer body style , looked like a Honda or a Toyota .
tr	PRES	" I know you will , " Shark chuckles .
tr	PAST	" Alexander trusted me , even with his life . "
tr	PRES	" To be heroes ? "
tr	PRES	" Uh ... Beau , we got ta go , buddy . "
tr	PRES	She reaches over and puts her hand on top of mine .
tr	PAST	" I will , " I lied .
tr	PRES	The fact remains that the two officers were gunned down on our patch . "
tr	PRES	Which brings me to ask why I 'm even in this ward ?
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered again and Caesar stepped away from the microphones .
tr	PAST	Where there was once a water bowl , wooden chair , and a gold fish making its great escape , now swirled a cloud of white ash .
tr	PAST	I wept and prayed every possible way to Almighty God to keep my Raj safe and sound .
tr	PRES	Not a repairman of any kind , I assume .
tr	PRES	We represent a form of alternative thinking in this world and praise everything opinionated and artful . "
tr	PRES	unless you promise not to keep rewinding it when we get to that dancing scene where Michael Buble sings ' Sway . ' "
tr	PAST	Smiling , he motioned for me to enter first . "
tr	PRES	" Skyla and Gage , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	She sighs pacing back and forth in front of them .
tr	PRES	" Those sausages you stole weren 't bad but they 're not bacon . "
tr	PRES	Diego thrust into her , his touch no longer soothing .
tr	PAST	His partner grunted and returned the jewel to his pocket .
tr	PAST	" I thought I 'd lost you , " he gritted out .
tr	PAST	The shrill sound of an ambulance pierced the air , adding to the ringing in my ears .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Lauren .
tr	PAST	We attended the same Elem and Mid school .
tr	PRES	A doctor stands near the heart monitor , a clipboard outstretched , held out not to Hana or Zeke but to David .
tr	PAST	He eyed her basket .
tr	PRES	Steve glances at his shoes and see they 're a bit scuffed .
tr	PAST	She stares at me over the rim of her coffee cup .
tr	PAST	The third man freed himself of the cord and then went back to the shuttle .
tr	PRES	" My pigeons ! "
tr	PAST	Several voices chimed in .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	" Not yet , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Colors swirled in Mat 's head , resolving to an image of Rand , sitting alone in a room by himself .
tr	PAST	Gabe gritted his teeth and shook his head , but I couldn 't help but laugh .
tr	PAST	And this , with the first few notes of his song , Michael Glass proved vividly to the entire hall .
tr	PAST	Meg giggled at the expression on my face .
tr	PRES	The glowing snow terrifies my addled mind and I scream for the driver to watch out , but the wind whips my words dead .
tr	PAST	Kirby Ford and Ronny Wilkie crouched behind the picnic table bench set on its side -- their only bulwark from the enemy across the lawn .
tr	PAST	She cocked a brow as she glanced back over her plump shoulder .
tr	PAST	Caroline tugged up her bodice and fixed her beauty queen smile on her face .
tr	PAST	The plane coasted on the air to the hallway but it changed course in a lazy way .
tr	PAST	He cocked his hand to launch the last one .
tr	PAST	She squealed , " Just like Adrianne .
tr	PRES	I snuck across the room , raised my foot-long metal flashlight overhead , and creaked open the door .
tr	PAST	She and Harry regained their composure .
tr	PRES	He remembers his family 's deaths , for instance ... " Dr. Kann 's voice trails off uncomfortably here .
tr	PRES	Tristan cracks through my thoughts as he enters my room , rapping on the doorway .
tr	PRES	" Does she exist ? "
tr	PRES	" He dares much ! "
tr	PAST	A series of long and short flashes identified her .
tr	PAST	As he lifted himself up , he quickly donned the protection and positioned himself above her , pulling her legs up so that she cradled him .
tr	PAST	She lied about loving you and you fell for it .
tr	PRES	Wilder trusts me with his little sister , and I have no intentions of damaging that .
tr	PAST	She bounced out of the room , leaving Sara a little overwhelmed , in a good way .
tr	PRES	A sob rips past my closed throat .
tr	PAST	He experienced the struggle and strain from moving in these mountains .
tr	PAST	Steve extracted a failed polymer sphere from a beaker and looked closely at the surface .
tr	PRES	Aloud , he said , " On your knees , slave . "
tr	PRES	He leans forward , elbows resting against his windowsill .
tr	PAST	Some protestors and bystanders sought refuge in shops which had decided not to close , causing more mayhem in spaces which were difficult to police .
tr	PAST	I plopped myself on the chair , still trying to wake up .
tr	PAST	Abraham lounged , stretching his legs across the space beneath the table and reaching up high above as he yawned .
tr	PRES	' What about the blue pins ? '
tr	PRES	A precipice , where on one side lies the innocence of youth , and the other a sheer drop into the darkness that is life .
tr	PAST	He tugged Helen even closer .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to one side .
tr	PAST	" He and his wife retreated to a luxury cottage on Martha 's Vineyard after he was released from prison .
tr	PRES	" May I pet him ? "
tr	PAST	The word dirty buzzed in her ears and stroked between her legs .
tr	PAST	I cuffed him on the shoulder and stood to leave .
tr	PAST	They instinctively protected their faces from the bats that they knew would be at the twenty metre mark .
tr	PAST	His silence revealed more than a thousand words .
tr	PAST	The pervasive stench of death blotted out the once fragrant scent of the high desert .
tr	PAST	With his enormous sword flailing , he protected the other half of the battlefield the same way that Raine did his .
tr	PAST	Her stony resolve wavered , her eyes flickering with a moment 's uncertainty , before she set it firmly back in place .
tr	PAST	I chuckle , nudging his foot with mine .
tr	PRES	" May I borrow the books when you 've finished with them ? "
tr	PRES	So the next time someone offers to do you a favor , take them up on it .
tr	PRES	' Du n no , I do it all the time .
tr	PRES	She winks at Serena .
tr	PRES	Tedd lets out a little laugh , that only lasts for a couple of seconds , then he turns serious again .
tr	PAST	She sped out of the hallway and stood , panting slightly , at the far end of the main entryway .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled her delicate nose against his neck .
tr	PRES	" But he loves her more .
tr	PRES	They stank of grease and unwashed clothes .
tr	PAST	" Hawthorne and his ex split when Tula was a kid .
tr	PAST	An animal sound like a bleating lamb emerged weakly from between its quivering lips .
tr	PAST	With that happily evil thought cheering her , she stripped off her grimy clothes and stepped into the shower .
tr	PRES	Her voice husky and full of need .
tr	PRES	The champagne tickles my throat on the way down .
tr	PRES	Mason elbows me hard in the stomach as Hailey giggles .
tr	PAST	His lips tugged upward , but his face remained solemn .
tr	PRES	he bellows , digging his chin hard into my neck .
tr	PRES	" Lord Rawlings , please ... " " You never used to call me Lord Rawlings .
tr	PRES	He pushes it to me and settles down opposite , crossing his legs and leaning back .
tr	PAST	I learnt nothing else about him because Mrs Manning called me and we got down to work .
tr	PRES	It brings me unspeakable joy to have you here with me , to see you safe and healing . "
tr	PAST	Turning on the cold tap , he stripped off his briefs , stepped under the icy spray and closed the curtain .
tr	PAST	He prayed he had not given him away .
tr	PRES	The air conditioner is turned up as high as it will go and " Shake it Out " by Florence + The Machine plays from the speakers .
tr	PAST	It shattered his leg and left him near death for many months . "
tr	PRES	" Another crown ? "
tr	PRES	he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	She toyed with throwing them off and just going barefoot but decided against it .
tr	PRES	That temple a few blocks away ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on the shirt .
tr	PAST	The leaves tickled his face and the branches moved from side to side .
tr	PAST	Out in the sunlight he chased after as she ran over the gravel then across the field .
tr	PRES	Amar folds his hands .
tr	PRES	The tip of his tongue flicks against the hard peak , sending a rush of sensation to the tips of my fingers and toes .
tr	PAST	I emerged in the dry heat of mid-afternoon .
tr	PRES	Part of me wishes that were really happening , but I think I 'm tripping out .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ?
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Finally finding it , I shove the key into the lock and poke around until the door finally opens .
tr	PAST	Mira crouched beside him and put a hand on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	She releases my hand and offers me a quick bow .
tr	PAST	" I have no idea , " I yawned .
tr	PRES	" So who did I surprise , and was it pleasant ? "
tr	PAST	Her voice vibrated with excitement , and she took a step closer .
tr	PRES	Fresh tears threaten to brim over , but I sniffle and try to blink them away .
tr	PRES	He enters his car slowly and meticulously fastens his seatbelt .
tr	PAST	He saluted her and left .
tr	PRES	" About to piss me the fuck off . "
tr	PAST	He risked his life for me .
tr	PRES	" I never tire of hearing it .
tr	PRES	" You don 't even want to know , " I mumbled unable to keep the depressing truth out of my tone .
tr	PAST	" I 'm practicing on you until Riley gets home , " he joked , and I froze for a second .
tr	PAST	He glanced in the direction of the burnt house , now just a black shadow towering eerily in the background .
tr	PRES	And just like that , all her dreams of exchanging wedding vows with Jake went flying out the window .
tr	PAST	Victoria motioned the bartender over and ordered them another round of drinks .
tr	PRES	That is all , " she concludes with a stoic grin .
tr	PAST	It provided a quick and effective escape for her .
tr	PAST	Damn you , ' exploded Brian .
tr	PAST	Eve 's steps faltered , then she realized she wasn 't all that surprised .
tr	PRES	The Detective sighs and rubs his chin .
tr	PAST	She risked her life to save mine .
tr	PAST	When the heels of her leather boots hit a flagstone walkway , she slowed down , trying to approach the house as quietly as she could .
tr	PAST	Bernard 's frown deepened , and Aric turned earnestly to face him .
tr	PRES	" By all the gods . "
tr	PAST	He pretended at first to sense nothing .
tr	PAST	Burke 's smile froze .
tr	PAST	She looked puzzled , " I think you misread Master Hayes .
tr	PAST	The man only steered his eyes toward the road , not looking at us once for the remainder of the trip .
tr	PRES	" He ... ah ... he left just ahead of us , but we have a tail on him .
tr	PAST	I motioned to the spell books and the vials of ingredients .
tr	PAST	Although his approach was silent , Alec sensed Uriel coming .
tr	PAST	Then he balled it up and shoved it deep .
tr	PAST	I sped the plane down the runway .
tr	PAST	The whole way to the store , Jules babbled happily .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled the soft skin behind her ear and breathed in her scent .
tr	PAST	The computers , were they hacked from the outside ? "
tr	PAST	" I have nothing to add , " Jason stated .
tr	PRES	" That you really do belong to me at last . "
tr	PRES	I lean up onto my elbow and look down into his face .
tr	PRES	Blow things up on the shooting range .
tr	PAST	And he sensed that a strike would be coming from Lorcan himself , but he wasn 't sure when or how .
tr	PAST	Even though he 'd wanted to believe Acheron 's words , Ren scoffed .
tr	PRES	I mumbled as we continued weaving up to the cashier .
tr	PRES	So me fists should ha ' been enough . "
tr	PAST	Ian grappled for something to say while she dressed .
tr	PRES	Finally , he reaches down and finds an ornament .
tr	PAST	Edging along the pontoon , Scott leaped from the plane onto the shore .
tr	PRES	" Did she confess ? "
tr	PAST	" They announced the nominees for the AVN Awards .
tr	PAST	His senses buzzed in vivid neon colors , riding the edge of pain and pleasure .
tr	PAST	Elliott blamed the world for his loss and instead of getting on with life , he held his bitterness inside .
tr	PAST	" The series of explosions we used to knock out the underground tunnels apparently triggered one of his severe headaches .
tr	PAST	Scott swirled his glass .
tr	PAST	Allison skipped him to nod at Abby .
tr	PAST	And an appointment within one week ? "
tr	PRES	I yell at her .
tr	PAST	It swirled around her , originating from nowhere and yet permeating everywhere .
tr	PRES	No one likes to tell lies .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ?
tr	PAST	It then coasted for a few hundred feet , before coming to a complete stop .
tr	PAST	I 've sensed if it 's a true and proper love match .
tr	PAST	He only uttered a soft but strained chuckle .
tr	PAST	Chase slowed down and turned his brights on to see better in the pouring rain .
tr	PAST	Summer and Trevor giggled .
tr	PRES	" It would take years to compute the solution , the music throws a wrench into things as well . "
tr	PRES	Not in the mood for conversation , he sees no reason to be unnecessarily rude .
tr	PRES	She inhales , weighing her decision to tell me .
tr	PAST	He bit off each word , the passion in his eyes replaced with coldness as icy as the rain .
tr	PRES	Sebastian stands determinedly facing the opposite wall with his hands over his eyes .
tr	PRES	Those hot summer nights , flying down the highway , neck and neck with another car , the rush soaring through my body .
tr	PRES	What it wrong with you Gemma ?
tr	PRES	" No , " she mutters , looking at her pompoms as she ruffles them .
tr	PRES	People who had found their way to the Rim because there was an endless supply of abandoned children to prey on .
tr	PAST	The thrall shattered just as his fangs penetrated my skin , sliding in with hardly a prick of pain .
tr	PAST	His Volt circled lumped down to rest on the ground .
tr	PAST	" That was on purpose , " she accused me .
tr	PAST	Facebook , however , now stated that the picture was removed .
tr	PRES	We 're immersed in a darkness only broken by the streams of light the car throws out .
tr	PAST	Black hair floated around his head in a dark halo of death .
tr	PAST	Fully clothed , she dove into the sea .
tr	PRES	" Our reunion ? "
tr	PAST	More of Rachel 's screaming laughter floated on the wind , and he smiled .
tr	PAST	He seized the stake himself and jerked it free .
tr	PAST	" Good gracious me , can you imagine that , becoming a father at my age ? "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I mutter when the men don 't respond .
tr	PAST	" You staged that test .
tr	PRES	Says Greg after about fifteen minutes .
tr	PAST	I cowered from the uneasy feeling creeping down my back .
tr	PRES	Hopefully , Abbot chalked it up to me being traumatized , but I doubted it .
tr	PAST	She took a step forward , their hands still clasped .
tr	PRES	Her foot upon the western knoll she tends her sister 's call , And , answers her kin 's reprise with soothing minor fall .
tr	PAST	The people responsible for this abduction protected themselves .
tr	PAST	A shout pounded against his teeth , split his lips apart .
tr	PRES	Such a shame . "
tr	PAST	I clutched my phone to my chest .
tr	PRES	' And the rats steal a hundred times what they eat , the devils . ' '
tr	PAST	The moment the door closed behind him , Jenny clutched at the bedpost , tears streaming from her eyes in hot rivers .
tr	PRES	The lunging predator speeds up dramatically in short bursts , then stops completely , paused while flying through the air to acquire its meal .
tr	PAST	Her mind buzzed with Rio 's bold statement .
tr	PAST	Like the interior of Mediterranean villa , the soft walls glowed with golden light and colorful flowers spilled from vases .
tr	PAST	Seth handled the pieces with his teeth .
tr	PAST	She slowed then and actually began to read them .
tr	PAST	I prayed once again that things improved .
tr	PRES	His mouth opens wide , aiming directly for Serena 's neck .
tr	PRES	" Come in , " he mutters grumpily as he closes the door behind me .
tr	PRES	My baby sister sitting in the shadows of the building looking scared and angry kills me .
tr	PAST	" You 're late , " she announced .
tr	PRES	He offers up a quick knuckle bump , so I meet him halfway .
tr	PRES	Minna begins to chant strange words into the night ; her eyes roll back in her head .
tr	PAST	The light flicked to the right and left and back again .
tr	PAST	Her daughter claimed Charlotte was trying to raise her cholesterol and kill her off .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , sweetie ?
tr	PAST	announced a deputy , realising after he said it how obvious it was that no one by that name was there . "
tr	PAST	He dialed in to his voice mail and listened .
tr	PAST	He taped it off inside the fuel cap , and replaced the cap to conceal his treachery .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. K ! "
tr	PAST	The room gradually quieted , confused by their combative stances .
tr	PAST	She wept softly as he approached .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed on my way out , a text from Johnny : Use the front door .
tr	PRES	He considers the place his . "
tr	PAST	He tugged at his beard .
tr	PRES	A battler to the end , eh ? '
tr	PAST	He rummaged around for a moment and finally selected a book that looked much the worse for wear .
tr	PAST	His mouth was on her flat stomach , his tongue swirled around her belly button , that intriguing sexy dimple he had so greatly admired .
tr	PAST	After getting their sandwiches , which were as big as advertised , Jeff steered her up a flight of stairs to a rooftop seating area .
tr	PRES	" SHOOT THEM NOW ! "
tr	PAST	She adjusted her hold on her sandwich , staring down at it as she released a deep breath .
tr	PAST	" Please , please , please forgive me -- " Staffan hauled her to him , his lips covering hers .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and gets out of the car .
tr	PRES	Damien stops smiling , getting back to business .
tr	PAST	His mother screeched again , and now cried openly .
tr	PRES	" I-I love you , with all my heart , " he sighs , slowly becoming weaker and weaker .
tr	PRES	He remained with his head hung , eyes gaping at the floor .
tr	PRES	I compose my face to look like I 'm embarrassed and innocent .
tr	PRES	Only the sound of my phone ringing snaps me back to reality .
tr	PRES	It tends to bend people 's minds in a positive manner . '
tr	PRES	She touches my shoulder softly .
tr	PRES	" I think that we have been sitting long enough , " Lucas stands up and puts the patch back over his eye .
tr	PRES	My skin tingles , and my hands peel back and grow hot .
tr	PAST	Before he was too weak , he willed his flesh closed and licked the remaining blood from his wrist .
tr	PRES	No more surgery , no more tubes , no more needles .
tr	PRES	Luke pops a cigarette into his mouth and then claps his hand .
tr	PRES	she whispers into the phone .
tr	PAST	" Guard him with your life , " I instructed them needlessly .
tr	PAST	Jason crouched to rub the salamander 's back often .
tr	PRES	She stops abruptly , looks utterly confused and turns back around .
tr	PAST	When he reached the chain-link fencing , he risked turning around .
tr	PRES	' That fits too . '
tr	PAST	Tonight moonlight tarnished the silvery waves .
tr	PAST	Knew someday she could smile again .
tr	PAST	Ainsley stifled a shriek as the bow came off , pulling strands of Ainsley 's hair with it .
tr	PRES	Just warn him when he walks in to watch where he steps . "
tr	PRES	Mason quickly reaches for his shirt and pulls it down over my head just as Cooper comes around the corner .
tr	PRES	He reaches for his drink , his fingers clumsy .
tr	PAST	I joked in a mock sultry voice .
tr	PAST	Leaving my tea behind , I stormed from the room .
tr	PRES	' Affected supplies too , so everything 's rationed .
tr	PRES	" You did threaten to can me .
tr	PAST	Thoughts of balls and parties fled her mind .
tr	PRES	Though Dalton didn 't see himself resting .
tr	PAST	His tongue caressed her skin , traced a single drop of blood over the swell of her breast .
tr	PRES	Baby fat pads his cheeks .
tr	PRES	' Do have a seat , ' she invites and points to a chair at one end of the table .
tr	PRES	He opens a door and shoves me inside another dark room .
tr	PAST	As her tongue teased and her hands caressed the length of him .
tr	PAST	His head tipped very slightly to the side .
tr	PRES	And I provide much-needed eye candy . "
tr	PRES	He tries to say " Ramona " with his mouth shut .
tr	PRES	He froze , coffee cup halfway to his lips .
tr	PRES	We swap places , so he 's wedged in the middle now .
tr	PRES	He hears the words , but the king of thieves does not process the request logically .
tr	PRES	" He belongs to that dog . "
tr	PAST	This only served to anger Bugs more .
tr	PRES	I assume an older healer will make you more comfortable ? "
tr	PAST	I extracted one of his hands and placed it on my cheek , leaning into it .
tr	PAST	So I flattened my body against the wall , let go of the sill , and started tiptoeing toward my destination .
tr	PAST	It has sensed life and has moved to extinguish it .
tr	PRES	" Or a sedative . "
tr	PRES	I rally to that cause with equal gusto . "
tr	PRES	I smack my forehead for effect .
tr	PAST	The two exited the vehicle and Mary was instructed to wait in the house while the two detectives discussed findings in private .
tr	PRES	" And the baby powder ? "
tr	PAST	The vampire briefly faltered as his eyes narrowed .
tr	PAST	He claimed her mouth .
tr	PAST	After today 's practice , I doubted Aiden stil thought I had any raw potential .
tr	PRES	" I thought you were over him ... , " Marcia mumbled .
tr	PAST	We tousled for a while until I got sick of him dodging me and I sat down again .
tr	PAST	The lady squinted at me .
tr	PAST	Mr. Spinoza eyed them suspiciously while Mrs. Spinoza beamed them a holiday smile .
tr	PRES	His expression softens a little as he puts a hand on my back and gently sketches his finger up and down my spine .
tr	PAST	He crawled for another hundred yards , and heard Murphy 's voice , and the excitable chatter of his companions .
tr	PAST	My mind seized upon one thing , shock replacing my anger .
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't he value her out in the Volvo ? "
tr	PRES	So do you , girly . "
tr	PAST	Perdita 's eyes glowed blue .
tr	PAST	My gaze lingered for a moment on the alphas of Clan Rat .
tr	PRES	PUT YOUR WEAPON DOWN AND LISTEN TO ME . "
tr	PAST	I unscrewed the cap and poured the contents over my head -- covering my eyes with my hand as best as I could .
tr	PAST	I sensed there was something he didn 't tell me , but I didn 't press the issue .
tr	PRES	Aimee chuckles and shakes her head .
tr	PRES	" Miss Lavender and Mr. Martinez .
tr	PAST	" " Your dad has also visited us when he could .
tr	PRES	A signal to all other creatures , to stay away or be killed .
tr	PRES	But , strangely enough , the door opens a little after nine .
tr	PAST	Trenton flicked his cigarette out the window .
tr	PAST	He swiped his hands in a hard clap .
tr	PRES	White plumes crowned the bed .
tr	PRES	It just helps me so that I can go near a lake . '
tr	PRES	But then someone clears his throat behind me .
tr	PAST	Marian slapped the book shut again and threw it on the counter .
tr	PRES	" I 'm standing right here , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Cooper wraps his muscular arms around my waist inviting me to mold over his rock hard body .
tr	PAST	Stupid , but brave . "
tr	PAST	Then she giggled again , threw her arms around my neck , and kissed me .
tr	PRES	I chew my nail .
tr	PRES	Together they hauled Nicole toward the front door .
tr	PAST	I clutched the sheet to my chest and stared at him , too shocked to say anything .
tr	PAST	Eventually as he paced in front of the screen , the crawler reappeared .
tr	PAST	She acted older , though , and it would explain her love of vintage clothing .
tr	PRES	There they lay , gazes locked .
tr	PRES	" First crack out of the bag and I get caught . "
tr	PRES	He holds out the book .
tr	PRES	I lean back over again and push Sugar Kane under the bed once more .
tr	PRES	- What do we do , Grandfather ?
tr	PRES	Preserving the flesh destroys its appearance .
tr	PAST	' Keep in contact , ' Noah advised .
tr	PRES	I first slew the Madame , who 'd somehow survived the vampire attack and the two nobles who respectively rented out and taxed the brothel .
tr	PAST	Instead she caressed his skin , squeezing the bone and sinew beneath , relishing the way his body shuddered against hers .
tr	PRES	Tears shone in her eyes .
tr	PRES	He helps Andrew and Gabriel back to their feet .
tr	PRES	Says we had to wait for you . "
tr	PRES	Under the table Jane begins to rub his leg .
tr	PRES	Rachel holds tightly to the banister .
tr	PAST	When she reached her home and poured herself a glass of whiskey , her fingers itched to pick up the phone and call Clay .
tr	PAST	" Oh Elliot , " I exclaimed .
tr	PRES	She sighs , defeated , and leans back in her seat .
tr	PAST	To start folding him in to my life .
tr	PAST	" She won 't , " Tex clipped .
tr	PAST	Gwen pinched her eyes shut .
tr	PRES	" No , " Don lies .
tr	PAST	They both cowered on the floor as the ice and snow howled and mourned around them .
tr	PRES	he whispers , moving in closer so that our lips are barely touching .
tr	PRES	In answer , Elliott strikes a match against the wall .
tr	PAST	But his eyes twinkled with mischief as he smiled .
tr	PRES	The male grinned a wide , toothy grin , his fangs gleaming bright white as he approached .
tr	PRES	The rest of the day passes slowly .
tr	PAST	Aiden 's hands balled into tight fists , a muscle on his jaw twitching .
tr	PRES	" Only one problem with that darlin ' .
tr	PRES	" Nothing stands out .
tr	PRES	" We can 't fight one another , Caesar , " Peeta explains .
tr	PAST	Can you fax the letter to me ? "
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a bit as I jumped up out of the way .
tr	PRES	I punch Eddie again and again , but he 's picking me up off my feet and running me backwards .
tr	PAST	Brianna pretended to converse with Elizabeth , but ultimately shook her head .
tr	PAST	Psyche , you never disobeyed me before . "
tr	PRES	He pushes the parking brake in and checks his phone , shutting it off , and looking torn up .
tr	PRES	This fact in itself accounts for our accelerated mental evolution .
tr	PRES	I can still hear him , I marvel .
tr	PRES	He jerked me roughly forward , the bricks snagging my clothes , my arm impossibly vanishing into the window .
tr	PRES	The tunnel opens open .
tr	PAST	Ben 's concerned eyes matched hers .
tr	PAST	" Well , it 's about time to shake off the cobwebs , " she announced .
tr	PRES	" Wait , listen , " I urge him .
tr	PRES	I yell as I sit up in bed completely forgetting about my nausea .
tr	PRES	' You forgave yourself ? '
tr	PRES	" I assume the child will be human ? "
tr	PRES	" Three cheers for Ezio ! "
tr	PAST	The next hitter smacked a ball that sailed over their heads and into the stands a few rows behind them .
tr	PRES	The boss always likes to go high .
tr	PAST	When the conference room began to clear out he said , " Harlan , would you mind showing Erin to her office ? "
tr	PRES	Emma begins to thumb through the piles -- it 's mostly just family history things .
tr	PRES	The Nothingness creeps in , filling the room with color and sound .
tr	PRES	Tears bubble in the corners of her eyes .
tr	PRES	There , beyond the woman , he sees his partner out on the ice .
tr	PRES	The end of the road approaches .
tr	PRES	It pays to be careful , Rusty .
tr	PAST	Red lights buzzed on the walls .
tr	PAST	Screwing his eyes , his mind sought the verse lyrics .
tr	PAST	She eyed my flip flops .
tr	PAST	" I 'm hungry , " Vivian announced after a while .
tr	PRES	" And Blackwell . "
tr	PRES	" The souls ? "
tr	PAST	Her skin glowed in the daylight and he wished they had hours so he could explore every inch , taste every inch .
tr	PAST	Carol rinsed her plate and stuck it inside the dishwasher .
tr	PRES	" And from what you said the other day , I assume you also have a child .
tr	PAST	Getting to the point as always , Brandon exhaled .
tr	PAST	Below , the plains were long gone , replaced by deserts and much more miniscule desserts , and eventually forest , and finally , coastline .
tr	PRES	" You ruined everything .
tr	PRES	" So maybe I am a little shocked by the vampire thing , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Jim gazed at me , his face washed with tears .
tr	PAST	Instead , the people ambled together , arm in arm , laughing playfully in the French sun .
tr	PAST	I replayed the footage of the thief , wondering if it was Zen herself .
tr	PAST	he announced in a voice as loud as the thunder had been .
tr	PRES	But as an explanation of why we feel as we do about Right and Wrong it just misses the point .
tr	PRES	I swing around to face him .
tr	PRES	He pays me a real lot , too . "
tr	PRES	She stops walking and stares at me for a minute .
tr	PRES	Brooke passes me a red paper cup of Coke .
tr	PRES	She hears children playing somewhere in the distance .
tr	PAST	He crouched in front of her , and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand .
tr	PAST	Two slumped , collapsed onto the concrete .
tr	PAST	A keening , high-pitched wail pierced the sky .
tr	PRES	They sell high-end sneakers ?
tr	PAST	Gathering their carry-on luggage , they trudged off the plane with the rest of the weary travellers .
tr	PRES	She holds the black envelope up and waves it .
tr	PRES	I lean back against the wall , feeling my heart trying to pound its way out of my chest .
tr	PRES	He pushes against me again and he is not gentle .
tr	PRES	" With Mina and Filipe missing and now with Kaho hit by a harpoon , his sporting chances ruined ? "
tr	PRES	" Len likes you . "
tr	PAST	Then he giggled to himself .
tr	PAST	' Stop biting them , ' he instructed .
tr	PAST	A guard posted at the door leapt at him , coming out of the shadows fast .
tr	PAST	She sobbed so hard her eyes bled . "
tr	PRES	Says your mother . "
tr	PAST	William slapped my ass hard , the imprint of his hand burning against my cheek .
tr	PRES	Enzo pushes my emotions hard .
tr	PAST	But the Sins haven ´ t slowed down one bit .
tr	PAST	Robin munched on a slice of green pepper and handed one to Jeff .
tr	PAST	I bounced my head around and sang the lyrics to almost every song .
tr	PRES	It stops with you .
tr	PAST	I stormed the one the girls were busy with and tackled him to the ground .
tr	PAST	Gwen pinched her lips together .
tr	PAST	She inched off the bed and reached for a long T-shirt in her bag , one of Wade 's T-shirts .
tr	PRES	Miranda stands and approaches as before . )
tr	PRES	Abe stands , pulling a white rag from his apron .
tr	PRES	" Well , the Vampires slice their wrists and their Wolf feeds .
tr	PAST	She described the new decor and menu , mentioned the lounge , and raved about the hardworking staff .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the ground , motionless .
tr	PRES	She clutches the covers to her chest .
tr	PRES	She sighs and her voice is hesitant as she says , " Look . "
tr	PRES	Eventually , everyone hears enough of it to start believing there must be some truth in it . "
tr	PRES	" And the kid plays Spanish guitar ? "
tr	PRES	I value it in all its forms . "
tr	PRES	My whole body relaxes as I accept the news .
tr	PAST	Carol flattened her hands over her abdomen .
tr	PRES	I dreaded being alone in bear country , so I decided I needed to make myself busy .
tr	PRES	Octavia squeaks , and then bursts into tears .
tr	PAST	She clutched at her seat as Simon took the curving ramp off the bridge at fifty miles an hour .
tr	PRES	The doctor abruptly stops and gives stares at me .
tr	PRES	Pressing down on it , I lean over and gently place my lips to his .
tr	PAST	He fathered no children , yet all of the land became his progeny .
tr	PAST	He swiped through the pages .
tr	PRES	" Not quite ... " Chloe explained as much as she could with the little time she had left before work .
tr	PRES	He winks , and then disappears .
tr	PRES	I hiss at him .
tr	PAST	In the distance , waves sloshed against the rocks .
tr	PRES	At least until enough time passes that you recognize that we found our soul mates a little earlier than most . "
tr	PAST	They giggled again when extra cushions had to be found .
tr	PAST	" Hope , whoever took you ... they lied to you .
tr	PAST	Still the pair chattered away at each other in a series of grunts and clicks Beth couldn 't make sense of .
tr	PAST	He crouched down to my eye level .
tr	PAST	Outside the pub , he thanked me for joining him for dinner .
tr	PAST	The land people exclaimed and slapped their hands together .
tr	PAST	The heat , the pleasure , from something so simple as a kiss on the cheek exploded inside me like a fiery blaze .
tr	PAST	Elijah -- " " Yes yes I know .
tr	PRES	Max slams his door .
tr	PAST	Celaena clutched the amulet on her chest .
tr	PRES	" He 'd starve first before he -- " " Before he what Lina ? "
tr	PAST	Because they were nearly naked , and I knew that when I got home to you - " I cut myself off , my bravado suddenly evaporating .
tr	PAST	I received a nod in answer .
tr	PRES	" There she is , " Abe announces , as if he was just talking about me .
tr	PRES	Stone tombs of long dead Kings , perched on crumbling outcroppings , or loomed beneath overhanging cliffs .
tr	PAST	" The landlord never bothered to check ? "
tr	PAST	She clutched his hand tighter .
tr	PRES	As time starts to slow , the angel of death falls upon him , her remorseless expression shining through her vessel 's face as time stops completely .
tr	PAST	Of course she trusted him , but she was not sure if he could save them .
tr	PRES	When I stand us back up , the crowd around us begins to applaud .
tr	PAST	Baxter cocked his head to one side .
tr	PRES	She never stops asking questions , and when I try to ignore them she just asks more , so I 've told her all about you .
tr	PAST	" Knowing she experienced pain nearly destroys me every time I think of it .
tr	PAST	Reaching his side , she sensed he would tell her what this was all about when he was ready .
tr	PRES	He weaves us through the people and out the doors in record time .
tr	PAST	She taped a note to the door that led from the garage into the house .
tr	PRES	Finally the train stops and she sits right next to him .
tr	PAST	Vincent slapped his hand over my mouth and his eyes wandered over the island .
tr	PAST	It bothered Joe that there wasn 't a solitary drop of blood anywhere to be seen , on any of the pieces he was holding .
tr	PRES	" You cheat on your Spanish homework ? "
tr	PRES	He points out , changing the subject as they arrive .
tr	PAST	Rock tensed for just a moment as the cars rolled towards him .
tr	PAST	In this way they prayed for nearly an hour .
tr	PRES	He holds up a vial before slipping it back in his jeans .
tr	PAST	And when his gaze lowered to where his finger had been , a gleam of satisfaction glowed in his eyes .
tr	PAST	But I doubted that would be comforting .
tr	PAST	As he dipped his head forward , Kit tipped hers back , and oh , so slowly , he covered her mouth with his .
tr	PRES	She tries to convince me but the words keep coming .
tr	PAST	Rumors persisted , and then a group of active-duty personnel were arrested , charged with sedition , and then ... nothing .
tr	PRES	" It bothers me a lot that you don 't think much of me when I 'm such a great guy . "
tr	PAST	This time he produced a sign that said , Gone fishin ' .
tr	PAST	When they reached the office , she accompanied Jess inside and searched the place to insure his safety .
tr	PAST	Everyone quieted whether they wanted to or not .
tr	PRES	We reclaimed our seats .
tr	PAST	Royce uttered , his tone filled with a mixture of amusement and disbelief .
tr	PRES	Warmth reflected in spill of light , childhood memories flowing out ; file after file of muffled noises filling to every corner of the chamber room .
tr	PRES	He stretches out his hand to me .
tr	PAST	She had a few minutes , she estimated , before her extremities went dead entirely .
tr	PRES	Anyway , she talks to gods all the time . "
tr	PAST	Theresa squinted and rolled over , trying to get a few more minutes ' rest , but Kevin was persistent .
tr	PAST	The blades rake deep into the flesh of his back , ripping jagged lines across his skin .
tr	PRES	Made more than a couple of noses bleed back in the day . "
tr	PRES	The image of Francesca screaming on the softball bench fills my mind . "
tr	PRES	Eddie pinches my arm as she walks past me , letting me know she saw our exchange .
tr	PAST	" Still not a demon , " I denied his allegation .
tr	PAST	He flicked it to me for just enough time to express apology and guilt .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Bethany smashed Vic across the face with the trap , which sent him sprawling to the floor .
tr	PRES	Chapter 10 Strom 4 The sky was ablaze .
tr	PRES	" But when I saw the police report , I freaked out . "
tr	PAST	As I was making my way through the club to the door , arms circled my waist from behind .
tr	PAST	People feared walking the streets and the problem was growing .
tr	PAST	In fact , from what Mom told me about their snacks , they could probably have skipped lunch entirely .
tr	PRES	A man in overalls enters the diner , and waves at Mack .
tr	PRES	He chews on his lip briefly and then places his hand against my forehead .
tr	PRES	She likes a good party . "
tr	PRES	His Adam 's apple rises and falls as he swallows .
tr	PRES	And , as her father had less than kindly said in his letter , " Resident family idiot . "
tr	PAST	Kylie sensed she was searching her mind , trying to remember .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to the rock-hard ground anyway , the mental shock of the pain bad enough .
tr	PAST	His story matched hers .
tr	PAST	They sniffed as they looked around the room .
tr	PAST	Inside the courthouse , he stomped his feet on the stone floor and shook the rain from his hair .
tr	PRES	" That helps . "
tr	PRES	She stands and flashes me a sultry smile .
tr	PRES	A street sign flashes by : Essex Street .
tr	PRES	" I only recall ... his aura . "
tr	PRES	" You are most welcome , my dear , " he mumbled as he held her .
tr	PAST	Her communicator beeped again .
tr	PRES	He glares at her .
tr	PRES	As I turn toward him , Edward reaches for my face and pulls us together .
tr	PAST	He abandoned his prayer and sat brooding .
tr	PRES	Lisa releases a sigh of relief as she leans over the rail , holding her head in her hands .
tr	PAST	He swooped my plate down in front of me , bowing from the waist as if he were a courtier and I was some type of queen .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I 'm sure , " she snaps , shuffling forward and grabbing hold of my arm .
tr	PAST	He seriously doubted his ability to drive the car at all in this state .
tr	PRES	She likes to get her freak on .
tr	PAST	" He won 't come , " Weasel predicted .
tr	PRES	I belong with you . "
tr	PRES	She reaches out and plucks at Pen 's jacket , and one of the others pulls on Pen 's short hair .
tr	PAST	With her fingers trembling , she scrolled through her contacts looking down for Savannah 's name .
tr	PRES	Eventually the photo ops along with the crowd tapered off .
tr	PRES	Jacques sees him and says softly , " Of course , please . "
tr	PAST	Lyssa bounced down the stairs hoping it was her .
tr	PAST	She flicked him a look and her eyes were caught by the intensity of emotion in his .
tr	PRES	" It tastes like peppermint patties , your favorite ! "
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through hers and called silently to awaken their kitten .
tr	PRES	A grin stretches his wide mouth before his expression grows serious .
tr	PRES	" You know I have to , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side , confused .
tr	PRES	A few minutes later , the panel at the top of the stairs slides open .
tr	PAST	Edgar 's eyes twinkled as he closed the door to the bedroom with his foot .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not being stupid , " he countered .
tr	PRES	Not that it mattered , because we were just going home .
tr	PRES	Tobias glares at Niles , and keeps his mouth shut .
tr	PRES	My voice produces a stale echo .
tr	PRES	" In journalism we strive for objectivity if at all possible .
tr	PAST	Joe replaced his glasses after polishing the lenses on his shirt .
tr	PRES	" Just meet me , ok ? "
tr	PRES	It helps a little , waking me up and shocking me into reality .
tr	PAST	Mortimer stiffened at once , a lot of the joy that had just leaped in his chest dying at once .
tr	PAST	Troubled thoughts visited me .
tr	PRES	" Now , now , lad .
tr	PRES	A wave of satisfaction washes over me , but I do not have time to celebrate .
tr	PRES	" Don 't ... unless you 're prepared for the consequences , " he threatened , his voice husky with repressed desire .
tr	PAST	I busted out laughing .
tr	PAST	Apparently he designed the concept together with his pal Hepworth , and they sourced the components without letting their suppliers in on the purpose .
tr	PRES	A second man enters with the wood that will soon become a fire .
tr	PRES	It also explains why Hunter sent me that text message that night .
tr	PRES	I assume whole wheat on the toast ; you look positively too healthy to be hanging around us old folks .
tr	PRES	The wound in Time opens .
tr	PAST	He estimated the speed to be ten , maybe fifteen miles per hour , but certainly better than making the journey on foot .
tr	PRES	It aggravated Sonny 's asthma . "
tr	PRES	Are you certain there is no other reason , Herr 'D on ? "
tr	PRES	The truth pushes up , regardless .
tr	PRES	Shaking my head at her , I wipe applesauce out of my stark white locks .
tr	PAST	He secured his gear and grabbed a paddle before dragging the kayak to the water 's edge .
tr	PAST	Luisa attempted to blow the guard with a big punch , but Lea used it to escape from the ropes .
tr	PRES	" To teach me to fight .
tr	PAST	Each time he reappeared he looked more distant and evil .
tr	PRES	Molasses colored dew falls over the world as I try to make out my whereabouts .
tr	PRES	Aria throws Jason a disappointed frown .
tr	PRES	And that I steal from them . "
tr	PAST	" You do realise that this seriously reduces our chances for success , " Lola stated .
tr	PRES	" And what if I turn Sheree and she hates me for it ?
tr	PAST	He cringed visibly at the end .
tr	PAST	The woman clutched her bony hands together and began to babble forth with unintelligible prayers .
tr	PRES	The door of the garden slides open .
tr	PAST	Spencer clutched her own silver fork hard , trying to keep a smile pasted on her face even though she thought the joke was pretty lame .
tr	PAST	Standing there , trying to clear his head , the coffee pot beeped softly .
tr	PAST	But there also lingered something else , a black shadow on the soil that was darker than the grim clouds above .
tr	PRES	" You 're blushing , Danni , " Marcy teased .
tr	PAST	And to our north , a mountain range arose with cliffs that dwarfed the bastions of our foes .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Cooper ? "
tr	PRES	Once we finish , he passes me the diary .
tr	PAST	Dana described her design in more detail .
tr	PAST	Elliot toyed with his son 's foot .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	He snaked his arm around her waist , anchoring her in place .
tr	PAST	Once berthed she destroyed Calvin 's last-ditch attempt to give his phone number to her .
tr	PAST	The bike slowed enough for us to turn onto a gravel road that I didn 't recognize .
tr	PAST	Lara erected another office building .
tr	PAST	He twirled around to catch it on the rebound , but before his hand made contact , a fierce pain slashed through his skull .
tr	PRES	But to help satisfy this lazy wretch she also purchased a huge tract of land for logging . "
tr	PRES	" Right ... " Allie mumbled something and then left the room .
tr	PAST	" I lent you all those books so you could read them and develop your mind .
tr	PAST	Christopher exhaled , his brow lifting to his hairline like one huge shrug .
tr	PAST	Thomas collapsed to the ground gulping for air .
tr	PRES	Its face plates flip and fold in concentration as it instantly starts to disarm the device .
tr	PRES	The woman , my client , pays the fee and doesn 't even peek at them .
tr	PRES	She only wishes to do harm to others . "
tr	PAST	Finally , he replaced the unit in his back pocket .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's phone beeped , and my heart jumped nervously .
tr	PRES	My first tail . "
tr	PAST	Greg downed the first glass in one gulp and proceeded to sip the drink he retrieved from her hand .
tr	PAST	Worse than the violation of his privacy , I feared that such personal revelations about his mother would hurt him deeply .
tr	PRES	A smile that either instantly melts your heart .
tr	PRES	A deep , tender ache begins to grow inside my chest , as if my heart is hollowing out .
tr	PAST	He visited his men in prison and was shocked by their condition .
tr	PRES	" That explains the body . "
tr	PRES	Cooper chuckles and removes me from his lap .
tr	PRES	You two belong here with us .
tr	PRES	An 800 number flashes across the bottom of the screen .
tr	PRES	" Hello Sidney . "
tr	PAST	Iris shrieked as Hagan hurled the fire orb at the armed Cobra .
tr	PRES	" You don 't seem too pleased , " he mutters darkly .
tr	PAST	I should be fine , " I reassured him .
tr	PAST	After a quick glance he sped through the signal as other cars laid on their horns .
tr	PAST	Around noon he awoke and rushed downstairs when he realized his aunt was supposed to arrive at twelve fifteen .
tr	PAST	I taunted in my fake cheerleader voice .
tr	PAST	I steadied Addie with my right arm , hooking it around her neck to keep her in place .
tr	PRES	' I assume this was all through her ? '
tr	PAST	The breeze that brushed against her bare legs tickled and Hannah giggled and squirmed .
tr	PAST	Now that he was only a few feet from her , Clary was startled to see the changes in him , the changes the opium had wrought .
tr	PRES	" What about bears ? "
tr	PRES	Evie snaps around from the passenger 's seat , her wide eyes scouring her sister 's body .
tr	PRES	Then the meteorite shower stops flinging out rocks and it 's done and finished .
tr	PRES	The city loves to deepen hurts .
tr	PRES	He tries to ask me what 's wrong , but I shrug off his concern .
tr	PAST	The air fled my lungs .
tr	PRES	At least I assume he 's still being held there . "
tr	PRES	My entire plan hinges on him hiring me as a dancer for the club .
tr	PRES	I value your opinion more than anyone else 's .
tr	PRES	The action draws my attention to his perfectly rounded pecs and the tattoo that covers one whole side .
tr	PAST	Its voice wavered and shook .
tr	PRES	Congratulations and warmest wishes to our newest member .
tr	PRES	" I understand , Natalie .
tr	PRES	' Life at sea tends to do that to people . '
tr	PAST	As they drew closer , Gray 's mind shuffled through possibilities .
tr	PAST	Her eyes glazed over in a trance like state and Mike could sense that something deeper was still going on behind those eyes .
tr	PRES	" Such a fool deserves to starve . "
tr	PRES	" Am I complicating your life , Jacques ? "
tr	PAST	I floated over his head while he slipped a key card in the slot , walked into his room and shut the door .
tr	PAST	" Please , don 't , " he said , his voice slightly muffled .
tr	PRES	They stink , and they kick .
tr	PRES	Skyla lays over me until her body molds to mine , and I bury a groan in my chest because it feels so damn good .
tr	PAST	Kate entangled her legs in his , and rested her nose and lips just under his chin .
tr	PRES	' Eh there lad .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , teeth white as a shark 's , and blows a kiss at me .
tr	PRES	" You healed . "
tr	PAST	Her head tipped back to rest in his hands and her red lips parted .
tr	PAST	His numbness prevented him from feeling the pain , but he heard ribs snap .
tr	PAST	' He 's a smart bastard , ' grunted my partner .
tr	PRES	He glances at the clock .
tr	PRES	" You look like you could use a long soak in rose water , " he offers .
tr	PAST	Something like an electric shock jolted through his system .
tr	PRES	The air stank of burnt wood and dirty steam .
tr	PAST	His expression lightened as if a thought had occurred to him .
tr	PAST	" My sister committed suicide a few weeks ago . "
tr	PRES	" As best as I can determine , since I can no longer bear children , he sees no need . "
tr	PAST	My last thought before darkness claimed me was the name Haus had spoken with his final breath .
tr	PAST	Many of the emissaries endured beatings , then to be cast out ; many more gave their last breath .
tr	PAST	He tugged on the ropes one last time .
tr	PRES	Another laugh , this one deep , rumbling .
tr	PRES	You no longer flit around like everyone else , blind to that black hole you call a heart .
tr	PRES	I tickle her side and she buries her face in the pillow , shaking her head .
tr	PAST	Next , she instructed us to swirl the tea around with our fingertips while she went to get a teapot .
tr	PRES	By the grim look in his golden eyes , he hears the unspoken reply .
tr	PAST	He blanched , and started to reach for his own sword , but it tangled in his cloak .
tr	PAST	Bonnie exclaimed , her cheeks pink with delight .
tr	PRES	The house helps were all out to welcome us along with some of the dancers who followed us from the airport .
tr	PAST	Ashley buried her face in her hands , then motioned him down from the stage .
tr	PAST	She estimated that nearly a thousand men crossed the stream before her in row after row until she thought they would never end .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains some things . "
tr	PAST	The thing retreated , cautious as before .
tr	PRES	My knife lies right next to it .
tr	PRES	Old gum wrappers , orange peel , popcorn containers .
tr	PRES	John learns and speculates .
tr	PAST	" I am , " joked Matthew .
tr	PAST	Riley 's eyes flicked to his .
tr	PAST	" I 'm so sorry , " I sob still desperately clinging to his arm .
tr	PAST	Iona always marveled how different the world was up here .
tr	PRES	Unable to watch , Olivia turned to Red and buried her face in his chest , her fists clutching handfuls of his filthy shirt .
tr	PAST	Lydia smacked his arm .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something sounding like an agreement as he loosely hugged me back .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall instead .
tr	PAST	Something from memory lane here for sure .
tr	PRES	His attention snaps up to me , his eyes wide .
tr	PRES	" Her grandmother deserves most of the credit .
tr	PAST	" Hold off on getting out of the car until I come around to get you , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	But as he looked , everything slowed down like some replay footage .
tr	PRES	Mel holds up a finger and corrects me .
tr	PAST	He sensed the waiting tensions in her movements .
tr	PRES	" Love you darling " , he attempts .
tr	PRES	" Companies ... real estate investments , which is kind of boring and ... um , pharmaceuticals . "
tr	PRES	He attempts a brutal grin .
tr	PAST	Business picked up during lunchtime then slowed down a little before picking up again towards the afternoon .
tr	PRES	" Amy loves being in charge , just like always . "
tr	PRES	" He likes to garden ! "
tr	PRES	I mutter , hoping he wouldn 't stab me or something .
tr	PAST	Nora 's frown deepened as she nodded .
tr	PRES	Increasing intelligence , helping the blind to see , the deaf to hear . "
tr	PRES	She relaxes into my chest and lets me hold her while I talk .
tr	PAST	Strength abandoned me and I would have fallen had he not held me against him with that steely grip .
tr	PRES	I lean back into the seat .
tr	PAST	Georgie designed houses and Nathan made trucks and cars .
tr	PAST	" Your doctor , " he gritted out .
tr	PRES	Realm reaches to tip my chin up to him , and my breath catches .
tr	PRES	I assume this means you desire me ? "
tr	PAST	His glare blamed Charlotte as he walked past her and left the room without another word .
tr	PAST	The oversized millstone represented the only thing of substance .
tr	PAST	Karla plopped down on the couch beside him and wrapped her arms around one of his .
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PRES	They hauled her up to the ship , where Butch rushed to her side .
tr	PRES	" Suzy and Lorena seem to think that you 're getting back at Chantilly by going out with me , " I blurt .
tr	PAST	My wife simply sniffed on the other end .
tr	PAST	He shuffled in his bag and refused to look at me .
tr	PRES	Emerald briefly shone from his eyes , and when he took my hand , I felt his heat even through my gloves .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Aunt Betty , " she teased , and when the older woman frowned , Colette gave her a big hug .
tr	PAST	" My dad knew you were sending me on vacation , " Ty stated .
tr	PRES	" Where I will labor to forget you and everything you represent , though it takes me a thousand years . "
tr	PAST	She attempted to distract herself by flicking through the paperwork again , her hands shaking .
tr	PRES	" No Lexi . "
tr	PAST	" About Jamie ... " Magnus tensed .
tr	PRES	Jennie Jennings holds the microphone in her left hand , the empty coffee cup in her right .
tr	PRES	On his way the pastor paused only once , to call out over his shoulder , " And see you on Thursday evening , Kim .
tr	PAST	Lorena served them chamomile tea as Auron requested .
tr	PAST	They both exited the side door that the President had used .
tr	PRES	When I open the front , he reaches his hand out to me .
tr	PRES	She nodded , her cheek resting against his chest .
tr	PAST	A tendril of unease snaked through Noah .
tr	PAST	" When I won my first moto , it automatically advanced me to the final .
tr	PRES	It borders on suicide .
tr	PAST	Cursing myself , I cleaned up the mess and tried to get comfortable on the couch .
tr	PAST	The kind of hug where I leaned my head on his chest and let him wrap me up in his arms .
tr	PRES	Knox lies on his back and I have my head on his chest listening to his heartbeat .
tr	PAST	Those words tickled my stomach .
tr	PAST	" As a matter of fact , Your Lordship ... ... ... " Began the Inspector nodding his head .
tr	PAST	Bernard eyed him again .
tr	PRES	For the first time since arriving home , my emotions threaten to drown me .
tr	PRES	" This changes everything . "
tr	PAST	He closed his eyes briefly , groaning aloud over the possibilities her murmured words conjured up for him .
tr	PRES	Are you Natalie Long ? "
tr	PAST	" Woe unto us that we should dally with our enemies . "
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands under her chin and propped her elbows on the table .
tr	PRES	" Is there a reason my call to Leland upset you , Rusty ? "
tr	PAST	In all , each lift cost $ 17.5 million for the first and second stage rides .
tr	PRES	To add to all this the convertible had turned out to be moody and erratic , lurching this way and that like a skittish horse .
tr	PAST	Misty upended it , pouring the liquid in a stream into her mouth .
tr	PAST	The sound of their conversation bore the earmarks of exposure to AI .
tr	PAST	The giant smacked me into the side of the fortress , attempting to immobilize me so that he could continue to attack .
tr	PAST	It cost my mother a nickel .
tr	PAST	Claire elbowed him in the stomach , but he didn 't flinch .
tr	PAST	Eight pounds , one ounce , and completely healthy , " she announced , hugging her husband as he rose to sweep her into a hug .
tr	PAST	Once the Gremlin was set off properly Jim and Jack hopped out , only having to do a miniscule jog to keep from losing their footing .
tr	PAST	The chair beside her was empty as Regin lay on the floor of the plane , legs propped up on the chair arm .
tr	PRES	He flips it in the air like a coin .
tr	PRES	She stirred weakly and coughed , her eyelids fluttering and blood leaking from the corner of her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Says the self-professed computer geek , " Mike teased his sister .
tr	PRES	He deserves your respect and he deserves to be taken seriously . "
tr	PRES	" His summer fling must be back in town , " Michael mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	Her iPhone buzzed a text .
tr	PAST	A small smile touches her lips as she places her hands on my shoulders and pins me down to the mattress .
tr	PAST	Grace related most of the basic information she had learned the day before .
tr	PRES	" My appetite ? "
tr	PAST	" Maybe killing David soured him on the whole experience . "
tr	PAST	Dean stole a quick drink from Shaun 's watered down pop , extinguishing the cotton mouth making his tongue stick to the roof of his mouth .
tr	PAST	Japanese cuisine with its slithers of fish and vegetables required the sharpest knives in the world , so he knew he would be spoilt for choice .
tr	PAST	I reread the letter a couple of times more to be sure that I didn 't misread it .
tr	PRES	" It just remains the same . "
tr	PRES	Edward hisses out a breath .
tr	PRES	Mr. Burke clears his throat .
tr	PRES	I salute her and start the trek across the carnival .
tr	PAST	They slowed , and he took off his hat expectantly .
tr	PRES	It 's all been lies . "
tr	PAST	To which Alexander gratefully thanked the man for his kindness .
tr	PAST	He hooked up his sound equipment to the panel , obtaining full control of the house 's hidden speaker system .
tr	PRES	" This was my wife Abby 's sewing room , " Mr. Cameron explains .
tr	PAST	She taps her bat on home plate then rests it on her shoulder .
tr	PRES	He wears a grey trench coat . '
tr	PRES	" Rather , he refuses to give the obvious one . "
tr	PRES	' Could you teach other people ? ' '
tr	PAST	" Now go do something with that , " I instructed , pointing at his enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	" And Isaac announced to the world you were our girlfriend . "
tr	PRES	" The Mister is just being a jerk about his toy being broken , " I blurt angrily .
tr	PRES	Will pushes Henry 's hair back and pulls the blanket up to the sleeping child 's chin .
tr	PRES	The law remains my friend , and evil still persists in flouting every one we good people set . "
tr	PRES	A hush ripples through the entire place .
tr	PRES	He stops twirling his bat .
tr	PRES	The tall Teen stands beside the short Teen then they both jump at the Male .
tr	PRES	I assume he ´ s talking about the other Arcs .
tr	PRES	" To influence me , or .
tr	PRES	Then she opens them widely as a thought crosses her mind .
tr	PRES	He chuckles under his breath , totally pleased with himself , and then he stands up .
tr	PRES	Hence the coffee filters . "
tr	PRES	He removes the rag and sticks his hand under the water , letting out a relieved sigh as the water mixes with his blood .
tr	PAST	Reece fanned the pages with her fingers , " You could call it that .
tr	PRES	" Good girl Vanessa . "
tr	PRES	I assume that it must be urgent otherwise you wouldn 't be disturbing me at my workplace .
tr	PAST	The carriage slowed with the gradient , which had become very great , and the horses were snorting and stamping with the effort of the climb .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up against something and looked around , moving only his eyes .
tr	PAST	He collected his stuff and ambled down the hall .
tr	PAST	We all tensed as Rabbit 's wingtips disappeared into the hole .
tr	PAST	Tonk Fah yawned and sat up .
tr	PRES	I retort , my words laced with bitterness .
tr	PAST	Emile nearly faltered seeing that -- his only idea hinged upon his flaming sword -- but he had to try .
tr	PRES	The Commander 's heals echo on the steel floor , as he paces , tall and powerful , scanning the miserable , huddled captives .
tr	PAST	His mouth tickled the skin just below my ear , and he had his hand splayed across the small of my back .
tr	PRES	Dear gods , but he was gorgeous .
tr	PAST	But Dr. Weimer also reiterated that I am not alone and I do not have to live like I am .
tr	PAST	He thanked Him for dying on the cross , for His love , and for being so merciful .
tr	PAST	She floated off while Keller was trying to think of a reply .
tr	PAST	When I realized what I 'd done , I slapped a hand over my mouth and nose .
tr	PRES	" You earned it , Commander , " Jason states .
tr	PAST	You prevented that . "
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to the side .
tr	PRES	Then he murmurs against my lips .
tr	PRES	" ' Usually " ?
tr	PRES	The lack of a tan line on his long , muscular legs was confirmation that he did , in fact , swim in the nude .
tr	PRES	Rodin likes his coffee done right .
tr	PAST	Rice solved the murder case , and it was during that time he had come to know agent Rice as a brilliant agent .
tr	PRES	Sara slams into me as I hit the bottom step .
tr	PAST	All rational thought and the desire to speak fled at the touch of his hand .
tr	PAST	The children were well fed , their needs attended .
tr	PAST	A gateway suddenly split the air on the far side of the room , shearing through the fine rug at the floor .
tr	PRES	" Look who I 'm talking to , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	I cringed , waiting for it to smash .
tr	PRES	I crack it without hesitation and shine it into the pit .
tr	PAST	At first she chased her ball eagerly , but as the morning passed she seemed to lose interest .
tr	PRES	Who wears six different pairs of shoes in a weekend ? "
tr	PRES	The vampires feed on everyone .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want you to worry , Andy , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He stomped back any residual jealousy and watched her out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PRES	" If you like it and if we can swing it . "
tr	PAST	She stares at her mother in confusion .
tr	PAST	In the time they had available to them , they doubted , however , that they would be able to make it far into any populated space .
tr	PAST	Ethan limped , his left foot obviously tender , and his knuckles were bloody and torn .
tr	PAST	He crawled under the sheet and slid his body against the back of mine .
tr	PAST	Jonas padded softly to the wall beside the window .
tr	PAST	Jack eyed me for a moment .
tr	PRES	" What about Kaylee ? "
tr	PRES	" Goddamn Weekday Warriors .
tr	PRES	You belong to me . "
tr	PAST	Simple , unmarked , painted black .
tr	PAST	" An alliance , " Chase scoffed .
tr	PAST	The next door , far more solid than the rest , still bore the sign ' Server Room ' .
tr	PAST	Finally , he collapsed in a heap on the floor -- bruised , bleeding , and beaten .
tr	PRES	He passes an officer coming out , looking harried .
tr	PRES	I mutter under my breath as I walk away .
tr	PAST	He preferred to be seen as an orphan than to go into details about his parents .
tr	PRES	Only they stops as soon as anyone else comes close .
tr	PAST	They eyed each other with befuddled looks on their faces .
tr	PRES	Gods , and again gods , always gods ... they had stolen her .
tr	PAST	Exhausted from dancing , I collapsed under the tree , laughing giddily .
tr	PAST	He exhaled in relief and loosened his tie .
tr	PAST	" She 's gon na be fine , Aid , " he reassured .
tr	PRES	" A clinic ? "
tr	PAST	Beet red , Alec gazed down at me with wide blue eyes , mesmerized by me .
tr	PAST	" Sit down , " Walt instructed when she remained frozen to the spot .
tr	PRES	I always dreaded having to write those things .
tr	PAST	Weil collected a container from beside his box and twisted off its lid .
tr	PRES	He stops at my chest .
tr	PAST	He crawled out from under the desk , holding the stone above his head .
tr	PRES	" The Para Unit uses those specifically to restrain the stronger paranormals . "
tr	PRES	' You should have , Pol .
tr	PRES	He stops and pauses for me .
tr	PAST	" Her fever has broken , but she 's still incoherent , " Renny reported as the captain went up to see for himself .
tr	PAST	Jin then pinched the arm under his left arm .
tr	PRES	My breath freezes in my throat as my fingers automatically snap it onto my wrist .
tr	PRES	Emma stops to rest just outside of the greenhouse filled with plants and flowers .
tr	PAST	The four regarded each other and it seemed like a fight was looming , but slow recognition came .
tr	PRES	He whispers in his ear and then they both move alerting Catherine , Eva , Serena , Damian and Francis .
tr	PAST	My step faltered as I swallowed a cry .
tr	PRES	She padded into the kitchen to find a fresh pot underneath the coffee maker .
tr	PAST	I volunteer at a soup kitchen every week and I organize the recipes . "
tr	PRES	The Crimson Saint stands before us ! "
tr	PRES	An orange glow shone from behind him illuminating the area .
tr	PAST	Men scooted back to give him more room .
tr	PRES	For my mother , Claudia Williams Rees , who was born and raised in Natchitoches , Louisiana .
tr	PRES	Did you steal it from him ? "
tr	PRES	" You describe a plausible scenario . "
tr	PRES	Teeth elongate past his lips and Serena remembers them practically scraping at her neck the night of the cliffs .
tr	PRES	Now , I confess that when I bought the joint , I hadn 't at all considered that maybe , it 's best asset was you .
tr	PAST	, but I preferred the park .
tr	PRES	" Not yet , Princess .
tr	PRES	Behind her a uniformed man with short black hair slides down an access ladder , thumping his large combat boots onto the metal deck .
tr	PAST	He inched along to the edge of his chair , and I inched back away from him until he caught my wrist .
tr	PAST	With one last thrust , we both exploded and sank into the mattress , her sweaty body resting against my equally damp one .
tr	PAST	" Charlie didn 't dump me , Callum , " she scoffed .
tr	PRES	It recognizes fingerprints , and only responds to the prints of the one that owns it .
tr	PAST	She pretended to look around her .
tr	PRES	" The carvings disturbed him .
tr	PAST	Ruth who had been in her life longer than the voices ; who had helped her , dressed her , tormented and teased her .
tr	PRES	Broken stems and a river of petals littered the floor .
tr	PAST	A reminiscent smile tugged at Viper 's lips .
tr	PRES	" I 'm worried about you , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Music fills the dimly lit shelter with beautiful sound , like ten music boxes playing all at the same time .
tr	PAST	" So , any new clubs this afternoon ? "
tr	PRES	The female dance instructor giggles and flirts holding Rann 's hand with me on his other side .
tr	PRES	An open knapsack between them holds bottles of beer , and each of the girls has an open bottle .
tr	PRES	" Thus far , I estimate my own strength to be the greater by a considerable margin . "
tr	PAST	He estimated another two weeks , three at the most .
tr	PRES	The darkness in the tiny room chokes me .
tr	PRES	But I steel my spine and walk out the door .
tr	PRES	The heady scent of apple and cinnamon fills my senses and I am instantly at ease .
tr	PRES	" They were Spectators , " she whispers , her chest still heaving from the shock of seeing me .
tr	PRES	Dad pays me the same as any other server . "
tr	PRES	Heat creeps up her neck and burns in her cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Emily , can you ever forgive me for being such an idiot ? "
tr	PRES	' Or somebody who had it in for Grimshaw .
tr	PRES	Quickly he fills them in on the conversation he had with the captain and his plan moving forward .
tr	PRES	He holds me for what feels like forever , nuzzling his face into my hair .
tr	PAST	When they entered the tent , Gan 's speculations stopped , his attention riveted on the plump woman waiting for them .
tr	PAST	My thoughts swirled together and turned into a blurry haze .
tr	PAST	Her voice vibrated with rage .
tr	PRES	" How about my tip ? "
tr	PRES	" I 'm not sure , " I mutter , playing with my eggs , feeling too nauseous to eat .
tr	PRES	Loki floats watching him with new found respect for a second before answering .
tr	PRES	He loves me not .
tr	PRES	Then he glances at me and gives a thumbs-up signal .
tr	PRES	My mother already loves you , couldn 't you tell ? "
tr	PAST	Jack gritted his teeth as they went down the muddy streets .
tr	PRES	She reaches the middle of the lane , and following a smelly drain , quickens her steps .
tr	PAST	At eight he announced that he 'd had a very nice visit , thank you , but it was time he went home .
tr	PAST	Then she flung the door open and fumbled clumsily into the hall .
tr	PRES	There it was , Jake Griffin .
tr	PRES	" Well no , " Christophe begged to differ .
tr	PRES	" I assume then that you didn 't vote for him . "
tr	PAST	" Sorry , Peter , " reversed Linda .
tr	PAST	With snotty tears , she sobbed .
tr	PAST	Springs squealed over the line , and I recognized them from the reception desk chair in our dorm .
tr	PAST	He claimed they were created by design and our time here on Earth is merely a test .
tr	PAST	Denny cocked his head to the side , " The art gallery ?
tr	PAST	Jeffery and Ellen both saluted .
tr	PRES	Extra towels , a toothbrush , shampoo , conditioner , and face wash .
tr	PRES	Rage that has always been a part of me pushes to the surface .
tr	PRES	She glances at the door and then at the front yard , which is closer to her .
tr	PAST	Another attacker , the red dragon on his cloak flying as he ran , charged Tom with a huge axe pitted and gashed from past battles .
tr	PRES	" That explains why you weren 't sent to the High Shaper . "
tr	PAST	He advanced forward , his creeper footwear making no sound .
tr	PRES	" Well , you do read a lot , " Emma teased , and he threw his napkin at her .
tr	PRES	The room shrinks with each gasp , but I want him .
tr	PRES	" So , my dear , what brings you to Rome ? "
tr	PAST	And amazingly , he trusted her enough to put his mother into her keeping !
tr	PAST	He appealed to something he did not know what it was and he could hear how scared he sounded . "
tr	PAST	His hand withdrew from his coat , emerging with a small , tightly wrapped linen parcel .
tr	PAST	No haze lingered among the thick forest surrounding them , as though the air mimicked her growing clarity .
tr	PAST	" Ugh , " I grunted back , not knowing where to even begin .
tr	PAST	He saluted and turned to start walking .
tr	PAST	She acted on a hunch , but felt as though she was on the right track .
tr	PAST	I thanked the cashier , then sifted through my purse until I found a pen .
tr	PRES	She stops and looks at me .
tr	PAST	Perry gritted his teeth until they hurt .
tr	PRES	Walking outside the kitchen , Black Beard states " Gather around the table !
tr	PAST	She froze for a second .
tr	PRES	The raccoon stops hissing , but still looks mortified .
tr	PRES	He touches my face , his thumb skimming my cheekbone , and his eyes are on mine , intense and insistent .
tr	PAST	When he was finished , he swiped a fresh towel off the rack .
tr	PRES	When he drops my hand he clutches the hood and rips it back from my face .
tr	PRES	" You recall correctly , as you damn well know . "
tr	PRES	Sean sees the slight tremor of my hand .
tr	PRES	" What about Chance ? "
tr	PAST	A glittering tiara topped Morgan 's head , and a triumphant smile curved her crimson lips .
tr	PRES	How it must have sounded like raw marbled steak slapping down on a wood cutting board .
tr	PAST	I stormed out of the kitchen and locked myself in my room .
tr	PRES	But then he opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	When he hit the far wall he crumpled to the floor .
tr	PAST	Slowly , gently , she unwound the material layer by soft layer .
tr	PRES	Eddie opens the door and walks in first .
tr	PAST	I slapped him across the face .
tr	PRES	I snap , sick of his mocking tone .
tr	PRES	So she punished those who had to stay but did not wish to stay .
tr	PAST	Vampires preferred twenty-four percent oxygen in their air .
tr	PAST	Sadness swirled through the depths of my father 's eyes before acceptance took hold .
tr	PAST	She faltered , but she dared not turn around .
tr	PRES	My husband let go of my hand to curl me into his side , his hand resting low on my opposite hip .
tr	PRES	He begins to run towards the exit , the girls behind .
tr	PAST	I slapped the silence button as quick as I could .
tr	PRES	He buckles his belt .
tr	PRES	I tip some of Corr 's manure out .
tr	PAST	The violent sound of Mrs Adcock 's hand slamming down on the desk in front of her jolted Angelina back into the classroom .
tr	PAST	the cat sniffed , raising her head imperiously .
tr	PAST	A boy stuffed so full of words that they spilled out of me .
tr	PRES	" Ow , " he laughed , slapping her foil away with his own .
tr	PRES	Could you identify them ? "
tr	PAST	Her face reflected a ravaged grief that made him hesitate only a second .
tr	PRES	Humans just ... got in the way . "
tr	PAST	He clutched his staff in both hands .
tr	PAST	She tugged at Sebastian .
tr	PAST	A little fascinating , too , if I was honest with myself .
tr	PAST	I immediately perked up .
tr	PRES	" Because I want to destroy all Soul Reapers .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	When she saw I noticed , she motioned for me to join her and her friend Missy ( who was at the bonfire last weekend ) .
tr	PRES	" I dropped them , " I mumbled and turned to flee into the shower .
tr	PRES	" Don 't mention it , Zeke . "
tr	PRES	My attention drifts over Storm 's apartment with a degree of awe .
tr	PAST	He crouched next to me .
tr	PAST	He clutched a backpack in his arms like a football and charged down the trail without a backward glance .
tr	PRES	" At once , your Highness . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Fitch .
tr	PAST	The way she lied .
tr	PAST	She quickly stifled her thoughts when she heard several footsteps approaching from the other side of the door .
tr	PAST	His hand snaked to my neck , and he freed my hair from its ponytail .
tr	PAST	' He feared what would be down here .
tr	PRES	" Well , anyway , " Tanner stands up .
tr	PRES	" At the mall with Tina , " Sara answered , her voice sounding strangely tight .
tr	PRES	Nihil opens the lid .
tr	PRES	The Core houses the primary control boards and it is from here that I begin the lengthy process of trying to establish a satellite uplink .
tr	PAST	Uncomfortable , I retreated a step .
tr	PRES	She grits her teeth .
tr	PAST	I sniffed it like a wine cork , nodded my approval again , and handed it back to him .
tr	PRES	Boone helps himself to another drink from the bottle on the table .
tr	PRES	" It 's about to feel even better , " I murmur against her lips as my fingers wander to the clasp of her bra .
tr	PAST	" She proved to be a severe disappointment . "
tr	PRES	He begins to pedal and I run alongside .
tr	PAST	As they reached the door , another assassin barreled towards them .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and moved closer to her but stopped before our bodies were touching .
tr	PRES	Back in her cloaked attire , she passes by a beggar sleeping beneath a tree at the entrance .
tr	PRES	I recall it perfectly now .
tr	PRES	Otherwise the tea powder and crossed fingers . "
tr	PAST	He lied to me . "
tr	PAST	Sakura " What ? "
tr	PAST	I dialed Amanda Finch 's cell phone number .
tr	PRES	On this day we celebrate your victory in the Clan war .
tr	PAST	She doubted they would have treated Tristan or Simon like this .
tr	PAST	" One week , " he countered .
tr	PAST	I stiffened at the word cute and wished I hadn 't .
tr	PAST	Buster grunted and bent forward to ease the pain .
tr	PRES	I correct my aim and shoot again .
tr	PAST	Since the dwarf was not moving , and Trevor was almost to the door , he refrained from eating his final dose of Shock Bits .
tr	PRES	" A new era begins tonight .
tr	PAST	He slowed the boat down as he rounded the ocean buoy .
tr	PRES	It really helps independent authors get noticed .
tr	PAST	" Then we must talk about The Claiming , " he stated .
tr	PRES	How better to discover the best way to defeat us ? "
tr	PRES	That explains it , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	I pitched the soiled clothes into the washer .
tr	PRES	' What brings you to my door , honored guests ? '
tr	PAST	His hand wavered in midair before falling limply back to his side .
tr	PAST	He smashed a heavy vase into a large mirror .
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PAST	Cable thanked her as if she were a volunteer .
tr	PRES	Soldiers shout orders to those surging up the hill to head to open spaces .
tr	PRES	He never uses it this time of year , so he didn 't mind us borrowing it tonight . "
tr	PRES	A laugh pops out before I can choke it off .
tr	PAST	With a squeal of rubber on asphalt they sped off without another word .
tr	PAST	Mathers swiped his card and entered in a pin code just as he had with the previous door and we entered .
tr	PAST	The young man 's ax glided into the wood at a slight angle , first from one side then the other .
tr	PRES	" Unless we keep running into road blocks .
tr	PAST	' From the old master whose name we do not utter , she received the echo of immortality .
tr	PRES	I punished her by making her sit on the porch to watch them play . "
tr	PAST	" What happened , " Sam exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" He probably disabled all of the digital recorders in the country or something .
tr	PRES	" I 'm right behind you , " I teased as I drew closer , allowing her to stay a foot ahead .
tr	PAST	His gaze caressed her face , lingering on her lips .
tr	PAST	" I received word earlier about some Rowan movement tonight .
tr	PAST	She froze in place , her eyes a tableau of horror , her mouth open .
tr	PAST	She urged him to speak .
tr	PRES	" Of course we 've fed her , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	The eagle 's anguished cry causes me to whirl back toward him , but Stephan orders me to get our father and medical supplies .
tr	PRES	' But the Princess ? '
tr	PRES	Clean for the first time in months , he climbs out of the pool and sits in the frosted grass to let his body cool .
tr	PRES	Morning light filters into my bedroom .
tr	PAST	Aunt Mercy sniffed again .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , still adamant that I need to see him face to face .
tr	PRES	Thanks for the flowers , though , Antonio .
tr	PRES	Chapter 12 Selfish Choices ( Olivia ) " Someone broke into our house last night , " I snap at Robin when I finally corner her .
tr	PAST	He proved it by making her say good-bye to her friends and neighbors by , again , ordering it done .
tr	PRES	' How about a burger and fries ? '
tr	PAST	The cork stuffed in the opening flew out under pressure .
tr	PAST	And then she jolted back and she was in the middle of the bedroom floor again .
tr	PAST	He seized on it immediately .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think we should risk it , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	He draws a blank .
tr	PAST	" I want to see , " John exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Almost instantly , another orgasm catapulted me to the stars , this one stronger than the last .
tr	PAST	I rummaged through her bag .
tr	PRES	Moss that covers the stairs ceases to grow right where high tide stops .
tr	PAST	But I experienced something else . "
tr	PRES	" Dang good manufacture that 's been in the biz for years .
tr	PAST	A sinking feeling tugged at her abdominal cavity .
tr	PRES	Pete stops his work and turns to his uncle .
tr	PAST	She stares at the dancing flame cast upon the wall next to her ; the candle it comes from is nearby on the floor .
tr	PAST	Alethea instantly stiffened , apparently preparing for them to adapt her theory to include her .
tr	PAST	One inch at a time , he crawled forward .
tr	PRES	It changes everything about him , even the way he walks and moves .
tr	PRES	We teach self-defense classes .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and turned away .
tr	PAST	Eliza bore it all with the dignity of a lifelong soldier .
tr	PRES	" A difficult task , to make things that represent these . "
tr	PRES	" This T-shirt ? "
tr	PRES	' And people selling sweets for the kids , and ribbons .
tr	PAST	Gaius pretended to ponder his answer .
tr	PRES	In the kitchen , I fumble with the corkscrew .
tr	PAST	Matthew slowed his truck down and watched as the guard stepped out of the booth .
tr	PRES	Images of walking up long driveways and heading into backyards fills my mind .
tr	PRES	In this case , getting them to buy seminars , open trading accounts etc. .
tr	PAST	She cowered before him , quaking , with her head bowed .
tr	PAST	yes , " he said , sounding defeated .
tr	PAST	Murphy dragged Molly to her feet , her hands now cuffed .
tr	PRES	Cooper reaches for my hand as I get closer , his big mitten of a hand envelopes mine and I let him guide me to his lap .
tr	PRES	I assume you bring news ? "
tr	PAST	For good measure , and to keep sharp , Rick and Fabrizio hooked up on a long post with three minutes on the clock .
tr	PRES	Boosting from the trade gates in the cities to a tactical gate uses less mana than from one tactical gate to another .
tr	PRES	" Oh man , I did not want to hear that , " Avery mumbled .
tr	PRES	My dad calls again , his voice rises with concern .
tr	PRES	He loves to tell jokes .
tr	PAST	But it cost me .
tr	PRES	She gasped , her eyelids lowering as she let out a small moan .
tr	PAST	His titanium glasses reflected the overhead light with a sharp flash .
tr	PAST	Dave and I cringed at the anticipated slap and lawsuit .
tr	PRES	She moved up the stairs cautiously , her footfalls silent , almost gliding above ground .
tr	PAST	" Wait here , and I shall retrieve our horses , " she instructed .
tr	PRES	She snaps her fingers at me .
tr	PRES	The tip of the blade digs into my neck deeper .
tr	PRES	He grants that you are unlikely to have poisoned yourself .
tr	PAST	Serge limped across his office to discover he had hurled a heavy ashtray into the bar and broken the crystal decanters of liquor .
tr	PAST	He collapsed into me as my world went dark again for a moment .
tr	PAST	Half a toasted whole-wheat bagel with a careful spreading of butter , perhaps ?
tr	PRES	She reaches for her phone and clicks on Justine 's number .
tr	PRES	" More like a masochist , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	" Guy named Morgan .
tr	PAST	Forcing his way up , Douglas flung his arms around the scaly body dragging it below the surface of the water .
tr	PRES	They are not red anymore , I assume , and hope , the same with my face .
tr	PAST	It matched perfectly with the one of the limo driver who took Banks ' party to the football match .
tr	PRES	Sebastian stops and turns to me , taking hold of my other hand .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth cocked her head .
tr	PRES	My heart begins to hammer and the situation comes into stinging clarity .
tr	PRES	Love , S. Christchurch , New Zealand December 17th , 1943 Dear S , Hello again !
tr	PAST	Her stomach rumbled , wanting a sandwich .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Savannah .
tr	PRES	Once they were seated , Seth said , " Dean , I want you to think about something , ok ? "
tr	PRES	- spare parts . "
tr	PAST	The boy -- young Adam -- squinted and scanned , as if he had heard his name called in the distance .
tr	PAST	This thumb flicked over the hard peak and he almost lost it when she cried out against his mouth .
tr	PRES	She tries very hard not to feel afraid .
tr	PRES	Abe stands there , still dressed in black , but now his face is different .
tr	PAST	I slowed down , not liking the feeling I was walking into a trap .
tr	PRES	" You smart-ass little - " Her laughter made him pause .
tr	PRES	" These are the days I wonder why I 'm not back in Boise enjoying a nice fall hike in the Front Range , " Amanda mumbled .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand , rubs his thumb gently over my knuckles .
tr	PAST	Again he chided himself .
tr	PAST	Lori propped her chin on her palm and smiled a dreamy smile that didn 't quite hide the doubt lingering in her eyes .
tr	PRES	He lays me back , his knee nudging my legs apart as he starts kissing my neck .
tr	PRES	" Nothing kills my appetite . "
tr	PRES	Silence stretches out between us .
tr	PRES	He pushes up on his elbow and is over me .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the imaginary audience .
tr	PAST	A feeling of foreboding stole through her .
tr	PAST	He proved his point .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she said , surreptitiously reading the older man 's name tag , " Donald . "
tr	PRES	As if it 's trying to argue my point , the snake rattles its tail and its broken body writhes .
tr	PAST	Nightingale pinched his cigarette from his lips and held it butt end to the cop .
tr	PRES	I wipe my face gingerly .
tr	PRES	" A reflection ? "
tr	PAST	The soldier on the ground saluted him back .
tr	PAST	She pondered her mother 's words .
tr	PRES	Aria whipped her head up .
tr	PRES	He draws me to him , then pulls me from the chair .
tr	PAST	She braved Craig 's basketball games when Balthazar had to supervise , though she never , ever cut under the bleachers .
tr	PRES	Let 's steal some treasure . "
tr	PRES	Just as the first few reached us , a giant spotlight shone from the sky , bathing us in a blinding white light .
tr	PAST	" I know you were turned off , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	Jodi cooks them healthy meals .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Margaret , I hope you 're not telling people we 're Ute , 'cause you know it 's not true . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , Madam . "
tr	PRES	Her dark eyes shone .
tr	PRES	He taps the arm I shot .
tr	PRES	" You 've held my hand before , " he points out , recovering quickly .
tr	PRES	Wow ... that sure explains things .
tr	PAST	" We 're here , " the driver announced .
tr	PAST	Adele disconcerted him by remaining silent for some time .
tr	PRES	Two wolves nosed at the blackened remains , lifted their muzzles skyward , and howled mournfully .
tr	PRES	The brief gust of wind throws Zelda 's tangled , uneven hair to the side , and a look of contempt overtakes her brow in the torchlight .
tr	PAST	His sister 's throaty words exploded inside Theodore 's head .
tr	PAST	He prowled homes out near the forests , sniffing out babies .
tr	PAST	as the plane ditched into the sea with a massive spray of water .
tr	PAST	Finishing round after round they smoked and drank till their hearts content .
tr	PAST	Slowly , I inched out of the car and walked in a daze back to my dorm room .
tr	PRES	She could feel the Flame this time , its movement within , those breaths she took were becoming more regular .
tr	PRES	He stops and glances uneasily at Elis and Maxwell who are looking out the window , something of sudden interest having captured their attention .
tr	PAST	We worship facts , like the principle exports of Gabon , including cacao -- " " What 's cacao ? "
tr	PRES	She explains and her mother lets out a laugh of both astonishment and joy .
tr	PRES	Unless you just fancy tormenting Sean Kendrick . "
tr	PAST	He represented them in all their legal matters .
tr	PAST	The lieutenant commander slapped him across the back .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the controls .
tr	PRES	" My lady is growing thin , " she murmurs .
tr	PAST	And what mysteries are you keeping from me ? "
tr	PAST	The dragon swooped down , orbiting the castle and descended lower for his summoner .
tr	PAST	She wriggled nearer , playing with the wet locks of ebony hair curling on his shoulders .
tr	PRES	Because they resemble living things .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , Rose identified the intruder as herself .
tr	PAST	Count Calderon grunted , frowned , and looked at Amara .
tr	PAST	Julie now pondered for a few moments , Hank aware that when she did so the best thing to do was to maintain silence .
tr	PRES	But he couldn , t stop thinking about Laura .
tr	PRES	Her voice drifts off and she stares out the window , lost in her memories .
tr	PRES	Liam danced aside just fast enough to avoid the splash .
tr	PRES	Sleep when you can sleep .
tr	PRES	Dobbs holds my gaze .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sure , " she scoffed , tearing her eyes off of his dick .
tr	PRES	After coffee and breakfast , I lean back on the couch and pull Elle into my side .
tr	PAST	She flung her head up , her red braid whipping across her shoulder , glacier blue eyes crackling and glittering with anger .
tr	PAST	" I believe you , " I piped up .
tr	PRES	Not once did she scoff or raise an eyebrow in disbelief .
tr	PAST	Jake limped off the last step and faked a pained wince and a gasp .
tr	PRES	You belong tucked up in your safe , very normal life .
tr	PAST	" Hold it , hold it , Jill , " Guy chided his sister .
tr	PAST	She plunged her hand into the Doritos bowl again and again until there were only crumbs .
tr	PRES	It belongs to you now .
tr	PAST	On a scrap of paper , he scrawled down the riddle .
tr	PRES	" Shannon , " he murmurs , pulling away .
tr	PRES	My knees tremble with the effort to keep walking and not turn and run .
tr	PRES	Skyler , please accept my apologies on behalf of all Lycans . "
tr	PAST	He advanced toward Jonathan then threw his branch to the ground between them .
tr	PRES	Now , let 's celebrate ! "
tr	PRES	Malcolm explains that she is crushed by grief for her missing son .
tr	PRES	Will hears this even with his headset , and for a split second he and Devin stare at each other .
tr	PRES	She was ten , he just fourteen .
tr	PRES	" Gemma , " someone hisses .
tr	PAST	They thrived well in the heat of violence even against many adversaries .
tr	PAST	Adam squinted his eyes until he spotted them .
tr	PRES	My body fills in in the mirror , and I see my face for the first time in over seven months .
tr	PAST	Fallon mouths I 'm sorry as they head out the door .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble uncontrollably , and my ears ring , blocking out any sound around me except the beating of my heart .
tr	PRES	Wooden training swords we used , much to my chagrin .
tr	PRES	" Apparently I wasn 't the only one doing research , " I gently teased him .
tr	PAST	Within a heartbeat he hauled his shirt over his head to reveal a muscled and scarred torso that made her mouth water .
tr	PRES	As if a wolf could not swim !
tr	PRES	Elis or is it Maxwell - since I don 't know who is who - pushes himself off the wall he was leaning on .
tr	PRES	Their intensity changes , but that is all . "
tr	PRES	" What if she refuses ? "
tr	PRES	The black screen of my cell phone taunts me .
tr	PRES	" Vinnie , can you show me how to swim ?
tr	PAST	Dan cocked his head towards Dinan 's livery stable across the street .
tr	PAST	She attempted to manufacture some tears .
tr	PAST	I pretended to care less , looking as uninterested as possible but indeed Len knew I was keen to see what he had prepared for me .
tr	PAST	He stormed outside and into the dark night without looking back .
tr	PRES	Did Eirik text you ? "
tr	PRES	" Strife and discord and anguish hath derived from me since the day I first wed my dear departed lord . "
tr	PAST	Time ceased to exist in a rhythm beyond words or sound .
tr	PAST	' You surprise me , ' she countered .
tr	PRES	A minute later her file opens .
tr	PAST	Instead of sitting up , she froze .
tr	PRES	" I reserve the right to try to change your mind . "
tr	PRES	He mumbled some kind of answer and got out of the car .
tr	PAST	The hairs on my neck stiffened .
tr	PRES	" The bill deserves to be heard and voted on by the Senate . "
tr	PRES	He reaches over and hooks the clip to the necklace .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered along my skin , following the lines and curves , followed shortly after by his hand .
tr	PAST	I somehow doubted that would be the case .
tr	PRES	He points to Francesca and then me and Blake in turn .
tr	PAST	Lindsay motioned for us to follow her through the walkway that led to a large gazebo in the middle .
tr	PAST	" Tequila Watson , " a bailiff announced .
tr	PRES	" Marry her , " Simon replied , his voice actually jovial .
tr	PRES	" The poodle belongs to my soon-to-be niece .
tr	PAST	Noah propped his hands on his hips .
tr	PAST	I unfolded the paper to see that on the front page was a huge headline reading ' God Save the Queen ' .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked the battleground .
tr	PRES	She inhales quickly and blinks even faster .
tr	PAST	They cost between 18 and 30 pounds sterling depending on their quality .
tr	PRES	Now you march back inside and get sorting . "
tr	PRES	Por favor , un café largo para el camino . "
tr	PRES	" Are you really so eager to die , Andre ? "
tr	PAST	Chris and Donny immediately perked up at the beginning of the last and best story of the evening .
tr	PAST	A statue of Jesus stood by the door , his hands outstretched in greeting .
tr	PRES	" I connect with her in my sleep every night . "
tr	PRES	There was an edge to his voice , his eyes gleaming with icy menace .
tr	PAST	I retreated to the back of my cell and called out the power word to detonate the paste .
tr	PAST	Rose tugged on Surreal 's sleeve .
tr	PRES	" No you idiot it 's Feb. the 14 . "
tr	PAST	Then he tipped his head toward her .
tr	PRES	When we get to the City , Doc stops the cart in front of the weaving district .
tr	PRES	Today we tackle the idea of directly harnessing the power of the Sun , rather than its effects .
tr	PAST	" You caught our runaway bunny , " Patrick hollered , smirking at me as he wound through the trees .
tr	PRES	She returns to her car and sits for a moment , gathering her breath .
tr	PRES	" No , humans bury or burn their dead as finality to their life .
tr	PRES	Your guardian and this mysterious yet beautiful blonde await our arrival ?
tr	PRES	" Were the elves the ones who shot her ? "
tr	PRES	Much asked , his face forlorn .
tr	PAST	She scrolled through several of her more recent pictures and found the best one she has taken of Bark .
tr	PAST	Open white mouths exposed impressive sets of teeth .
tr	PRES	As soon as he pushes himself away from the tree , Serena throws her trident .
tr	PAST	Preparing the team to enter proved difficult because these kids would be jumpy and nervous .
tr	PRES	Landing solidly at the bottom , the impact flung them apart .
tr	PRES	" Tell the nurse to keep waiting , " I hiss urgently at the guard by the Bank Tower .
tr	PRES	A very odd invading army indeed .
tr	PRES	The monster roared , the sound ringing my ears , and snapped its head back at Scar with eye level .
tr	PAST	Hal sniffed subtly at the air , trying to determine what was familiar in the creature 's scent .
tr	PAST	Lesley fiddled with the clasp of the chain and handed me the key .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed , throwing up her hands in exasperated defeat .
tr	PAST	Faces swirled around him in the smog , most indifferent to his presence .
tr	PRES	" Like why you 're here and why I caught you sneaking around .
tr	PRES	Outside , the fall sunshine shone , but Gene walked in darkness back to his car and what he knew would be a long agitated afternoon .
tr	PAST	Weird dreams visited me throughout the night .
tr	PRES	She lets out a tortured wail , climbs out of the hot springs , catapults over the rocks , and runs into the woods .
tr	PAST	She crouched low and looked around .
tr	PAST	They reported that a super madman was on a deadly rampage .
tr	PAST	Andy must have inquired about Calliope , because Cricket is talking about her schedule .
tr	PRES	She likes to play matchmaker and I think she sees you two as possibly her greatest work .
tr	PAST	I dialed up Elise as I walked back to Marc 's house .
tr	PAST	Horacio saluted back and introduced himself .
tr	PRES	Victoria returns the book and starts walking again .
tr	PRES	The tip of the blade rises and points in my direction .
tr	PAST	We adjusted our clothing and I gave Shane his gun back , still unable to believe what we 'd just done .
tr	PRES	" I belong to you ; I offer my life for you .
tr	PAST	That much I perceived clearly in his mind .
tr	PRES	Every veteran of the regiment that I 've talked to since my arrival in England remembers that fact clearly .
tr	PRES	" The Elemental Legion ? "
tr	PAST	Intent on waking her husband , she leaped onto the bed .
tr	PAST	The waters lightened to either side as the two boats swept by with their headlamps shining .
tr	PAST	Saying nothing , I clutched my shawl around me .
tr	PRES	He pushes past me , looking ready to burst with information .
tr	PRES	Quinn stops close enough that I see the glint in his eyes , silver and uncomprehending .
tr	PRES	After a contemplated minute , with her head still down , she mumbled a response .
tr	PRES	One that made her muscles sing , and her veins flood with warmth .
tr	PAST	He hauled me upstairs , down a hall and into one of the more finished rooms , the floor gleaming with blonde , lacquered maple .
tr	PAST	" Tom and Antonio charged into Falco 's hideaway like the Lone Ranger and Tonto and rescued you . "
tr	PRES	' The text . '
tr	PAST	She lands hard in the next tree , gripping the trunk so she doesn 't fall .
tr	PAST	Johnson clutched the form in his hand .
tr	PRES	She begins twisting it , bobbing her head .
tr	PRES	" Can you slice these sandwiches ? "
tr	PAST	A scream pierced her daze .
tr	PRES	" And what of your message to the duchess ?
tr	PAST	For some reason , that bothered him .
tr	PRES	Glowing red eyes glared at them , a thousand sins resting where pupils should have .
tr	PAST	He opted for a shot at a bluff .
tr	PAST	I squat down next to her .
tr	PAST	" Dad knew you 'd do fine , " Jake countered .
tr	PRES	" By him , I assume she didn 't mean Sam then ? "
tr	PRES	So , no hints to Alex Rodin .
tr	PAST	Sam 's heart leaped at the sight of him .
tr	PAST	In the back of my mind , I conjured up images of skin cancer I 'd seen at the doctor 's office .
tr	PAST	Besides , hadn 't her mom lied when her dad asked about his underwear ?
tr	PAST	This produced a scream and an amazing amount of blood from the nurse .
tr	PAST	The stone hinged on one end so that it opened like the mouth of an alligator , revealing the entrance to a cave .
tr	PRES	" So , how does this affect us ? "
tr	PRES	The massive bodies of the offense charging down the field reaches down inside me and grabs onto the hunger I keep so carefully hidden .
tr	PRES	Well , I assume he has perfect teeth .
tr	PAST	Needles pierced my skin .
tr	PRES	Every year when he makes his decision , it eases my heart .
tr	PRES	" Thirteen , hmmm , ok that means that after classes you 'll be trained in weapons and warfare .
tr	PRES	The stars await me with their cool auras and their nonjudgmental light .
tr	PAST	He was a child when I found him , a Caravaggio angel painted in blood . "
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded to review the portion of files that applied to his new duties , conversing with AI through gestures the whole time .
tr	PRES	But it relaxes my again cramping muscles and stops the onset of any more pain .
tr	PAST	He motioned across the street .
tr	PAST	The mansion walls rumbled as they split farther and farther .
tr	PRES	" Ah , ah , ah .
tr	PRES	" Is Annie home yet ? "
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat , but she didn 't want to read too much into what he said .
tr	PAST	She stated her case quickly and suggested that she leave the very next day .
tr	PRES	Softly , the radio begins to play Ruby and the Romantics ' Our Day Will Come .
tr	PAST	He replayed possible scenarios over and over in his head , trying to strategize and plan from his hypothetical situations .
tr	PAST	You never pierced your ears , because everyone else did .
tr	PAST	Luke was standing over him , a black silhouette outlined by the sun .
tr	PRES	" You ruined my life !
tr	PAST	" You lied to him . "
tr	PAST	It cost a whopping # 60 , and he had to borrow # 20 from Pete to buy it ( which he has yet to repay ) .
tr	PRES	" If you 're awake , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" Where Coach ? "
tr	PRES	Still going with the dog motif , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Lynn stops short , and I step on her heel .
tr	PAST	She yawned then snuggled deeper into Max 's arms .
tr	PAST	Moonlight reflected perfect white light off the water .
tr	PAST	The group retreated back to cover .
tr	PAST	Swiftly he stripped naked , leaving his wet and dirty clothes where they lay .
tr	PRES	I bow to your occult knowledge .
tr	PAST	Zach donned an expression of curiosity .
tr	PRES	My former hound bounds down the hill towards me .
tr	PAST	She dusted as she went , figuring she might as well make herself useful while she was hunting .
tr	PRES	He holds them fast .
tr	PAST	Jill tipped her head .
tr	PRES	" And fourteen days .
tr	PAST	Pictures of her body , stripped and violated , repeatedly , achieved a horrible clarity , and she tried to push them away .
tr	PAST	I smacked it as I walked by him to go get my second cup of coffee .
tr	PAST	Besides the life they 'd inadvertently created , what power did he have over her ?
tr	PAST	Marguerite shrieked at the deep voice behind her .
tr	PRES	She brings a new spirit so they can exist . "
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	Leigh tuned out Tabatha 's advances and moved purposefully .
tr	PRES	More irritated and crazy protective .
tr	PRES	" Because I can 't have you working for Spy Games if you can 't take it seriously .
tr	PRES	An evil so vile I had to clench my fists against the urge to run .
tr	PAST	At least , not the heavens here in Southern California .
tr	PRES	Ask ' er ta add ' em ta the pot . "
tr	PAST	Then she brightened slightly , ' Though you were back , and I knew they wouldn 't do a thing with you there .
tr	PRES	But seconds later , the pain rises in my body and I let out a moan as I take in where I am .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not going to make it , " Julia exclaimed , wilting with the realization .
tr	PRES	Our guide announces and spins round to head back out the way we had entered .
tr	PRES	She holds out her hands out in an effort to balance herself from the shock .
tr	PRES	" The Major . "
tr	PRES	" Max , " Martin begins .
tr	PAST	Back to back , Ian and Todd circled the yard .
tr	PAST	A nearby log provided an ideal place to set his pole while he waited for his first catch .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of it becoming my " thing " .
tr	PRES	I fel to my knees , clutched the sides of the toilet , and gagged until my body shook .
tr	PRES	The waiter brings our meal , and Doyle has Salmon .
tr	PAST	" Ow , what ... " he yawned as heavy things continued to fall on him .
tr	PAST	When I slid into the back seat , Rachel squealed .
tr	PRES	And how fitting that one of her last tasks for Matthias Barton would be ordering him a new phone .
tr	PRES	" Did you hear that , Isaiah ?
tr	PRES	Tiny glances over his shoulder and we jump to the side , ducking behind a large boulder .
tr	PAST	He denied a request to fly the banner .
tr	PAST	She 'd never known , never dreamed that he shared the face of her lover .
tr	PRES	It might not conceal my legs properly but the lights above the scene of the explosion were mostly out , a few still blinking sporadically .
tr	PRES	When I set the canoe down for a rest , I thought , all this place lacks is a choir .
tr	PAST	Bright white dots twinkled serenely in the sky above .
tr	PRES	Did they steal it ? "
tr	PAST	" I don 't want anything from Lucien , " I announced grandly .
tr	PRES	" You got distracted , " he whispers , then grabs his backpack from behind me and leaves .
tr	PAST	She tugged him over to a bench and sat to enjoy the fair weather .
tr	PAST	" It was my client 's mother 's dying wish to spend her last days with her son , " he announced .
tr	PAST	I described the building , just in case .
tr	PAST	Since when was being a teenager so complicated ?
tr	PRES	She already copies everything else . "
tr	PRES	Her long gown glides across the stone , picking up the dust of the square .
tr	PRES	An awkward moment passes .
tr	PRES	" Your athletic prowess ? "
tr	PRES	" Nothing wrong with curves on a woman . "
tr	PAST	Aldred emerged onto the ground floor close to the barracks .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and smiled at her .
tr	PRES	The larger the spell the more it draws on your own personal power .
tr	PAST	I flattened her chest against it , pinned her arms above her head .
tr	PAST	When Wade starts the ATV , he motors east , toward New Sea .
tr	PAST	Wrapped around the vines by the cabinet with its head stretched out in the air , it flicked its tongue next to Viktor 's face .
tr	PAST	They exited the hall together then followed the dross pathway to the church 's portico .
tr	PAST	Gentle breezes caressed the hill top with a seduction of temple incense .
tr	PRES	I fish out six bullets for Blake .
tr	PRES	Before I can reply , Shockey enters the room and closes the door behind him , cutting us off from the rest of the class .
tr	PRES	" Nun and hair stylist for the school production ? "
tr	PAST	He rested his forehead on hers , his hands hooked low on her waist .
tr	PAST	One crawled into the cart and they twirled him around , howling , hopping up and down .
tr	PAST	Ibarra 's dark eyes twinkled like two black stars .
tr	PAST	... Fine ... Are you having a nice Christmas ?
tr	PRES	Standing behind him and covering his eyes with her left hand , Abby whispered in his ear , " Open up . "
tr	PRES	I race forward , intent on getting to Eight .
tr	PAST	Seems the security team busted the pickpocket ring that had been nicking chips left and right from tables all over town .
tr	PRES	But the fact remains that this little guy has so far not found a way out of the tree .
tr	PRES	But Adam stops me instead .
tr	PAST	His approval freed everyone to express their appreciation , or to feign it .
tr	PAST	Got a sword . "
tr	PRES	The carnage lies in front of me as her car comes to a rest .
tr	PRES	Moses Todd sniffs in his cell .
tr	PAST	His body stiffened , and his grip on me was suddenly less gentle , more charged .
tr	PAST	She twirled the noodles around with her fork .
tr	PRES	Good day Mr. Zane . "
tr	PRES	Third , the great captain of the French wishes them to know that he has subdued the Iroquois to bring peace everywhere .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't anyone ever teach you how to use a bow , boy ? "
tr	PRES	I scramble to catch it , but my weak vision means I miss it by a good several inches .
tr	PRES	The chain also holds nine glass rosary beads , one for each of the old saints and every one of them filled with poison .
tr	PAST	She and her team not only created artificially engineered bodies but they also developed brains that could have information inserted , including memories .
tr	PRES	Kel climbs onto a stool on the opposite side of the bar .
tr	PRES	' And that barbecue ! '
tr	PRES	She needs our protection , " Pierre states with concern .
tr	PRES	' You teach history ? '
tr	PRES	He pushes past me and grabs a different white cloth from the prop closet .
tr	PRES	Looking in that direction , she sees a small chick running toward its mother .
tr	PAST	Mine and Megan 's conversation from yesterday intruded my thoughts .
tr	PRES	Kai snaps his fingers to reclaim my attention .
tr	PRES	His cheek rises on one side .
tr	PAST	The lurker only defended itself with one weapon .
tr	PAST	I gulp , swerving around a rock in my path .
tr	PAST	His face transformed somewhat , filled with a type of wonder .
tr	PRES	She loves you , Jace - " " What about you ?
tr	PAST	Piercing blue eyes twinkled and white teeth flashed in a brief but brilliant smile at the Head of the Council .
tr	PAST	Quickly shutting the door , she stomped back to her adoptive father 's room .
tr	PRES	" Shhh , " I said , pul ing her close .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER TEN " Well , last night proved that Murphy is still very bent .
tr	PRES	' Those photos wash people out ; you 're never looking your best when you 're being arrested .
tr	PAST	Serenity tensed , her body hard and unwelcoming , but Jackson ignored the physical messages and kissed her face with frantic , hard pecks .
tr	PAST	I bounced off some people , barely keeping my balance , but Tallis kept me afloat amongst the craziness .
tr	PAST	Alec adjusted his grip on the punch bowl and reached out to her , stroking her bare arm .
tr	PAST	Soon I steadied the craft .
tr	PRES	She sighs loud and slow .
tr	PRES	Trust funds and inheritances .
tr	PRES	June 's words darken , and I feel like I can see her expression through the earpiece .
tr	PRES	Jared immediately pul ed out his phone and dialed Claire 's number .
tr	PAST	" I leaped for the middle of the pool .
tr	PRES	A cloud passes over his face but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	PAST	Now , " he urged .
tr	PRES	" Something I ought to tell you , Stockton . "
tr	PAST	The rock exploded into shards and dust .
tr	PRES	Her hands cupped his ass , her nails scoring over his sensitized skin .
tr	PAST	Norman 's eyes squinted .
tr	PAST	A few people retreated to the edges of the room , where I could see them .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his clothes and went into the bathroom and stood for a few minutes under the shower .
tr	PAST	" I just ... I washed the blood away , but I can still feel it on me . "
tr	PRES	" But mostly guitar .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I 'm guessing you are not in your twenties . "
tr	PRES	For whatever reason , this girl loves you .
tr	PAST	Mist swirled in front of her face .
tr	PAST	My toes bounced up and down , and I started to rock back and forth .
tr	PRES	" It 's always got ta be about power , " Alex mutters , slowing down for a sharp turn .
tr	PRES	Dove 's ears swivel to follow an invisible signal on the other side of the wall .
tr	PAST	She attempted to pull away .
tr	PAST	Shaking his head , Jeremy persisted .
tr	PAST	As we reached the ground floor , a sudden figure leaped out of the air and dived straight us .
tr	PAST	He whipped his head around , nailing both dragons with one look .
tr	PRES	I snuck along the shrubs , sprinted to the side of the house , and held my breath .
tr	PRES	" Sweet liar . "
tr	PRES	When she pulls away , she lets me have a line , and then she sniffs the last one herself before taking my hand .
tr	PAST	The sound of it rushing through veins , ebbing and flowing , burgeoning with life , taunted him .
tr	PAST	" Never order one without it , " he lied .
tr	PAST	" Owen , let me be , " Sandra exclaimed , struggling with her brother .
tr	PAST	Twenty one hours it persisted , as the cock crowed and the sun reappeared .
tr	PRES	" Plan B ! "
tr	PAST	Hess posted his men outside , and waited until the door closed before he spoke .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the front window .
tr	PRES	So , no more hand-me-down lies .
tr	PAST	He organized photos of everything Lily , late into the nights .
tr	PRES	" So that explains the quick exit , even if today is a perfect day .
tr	PRES	She stands up , and I realize she isn 't wearing the same clothes she had on at school .
tr	PRES	Chloe misses u too .
tr	PRES	It freezes the inside of my nose .
tr	PAST	" I reviewed sex toys for a couple of months . "
tr	PAST	He motioned to a deputy .
tr	PAST	A soft smile curved at her lips .
tr	PAST	Mentally organizing the growing list of things he needed to get done proved to be impossible .
tr	PRES	Both Eight and I hesitate at the sight of those wounds .
tr	PRES	Reaching out a gentle hand , she touches the boy 's shoulder hoping to bring him back to reality .
tr	PRES	The stories range across the human and the physical landscape .
tr	PRES	" Please , Daddy , " I add for good measure .
tr	PAST	" Now , Mrs. -- err -- Harley , " he commenced , now no longer daring to look me straight in the eye .
tr	PRES	" Who uses the word ' loins ' ? "
tr	PRES	" I don 't ... fuck , I don 't even recognize myself around you , Aly .
tr	PAST	Enraged , Madeline smashed her fists on the rough door .
tr	PRES	This helps Ormond later show his pupils how they are attacking , and how to improve . "
tr	PRES	" I " m sure that could be arranged , captain : And that was Carrot at work .
tr	PAST	The storm provided excellent cover for both her and everyone else .
tr	PAST	She joked , ' People will think you 're tax inspectors , or maybe Vernon 's pools ? '
tr	PRES	He lets me inject a needle into it and drop a different drop of blood onto a slide and analyze that one as well .
tr	PRES	" I recall Bettina explaining something about a grade one hero package .
tr	PRES	" Does Reid stink ? "
tr	PRES	Knocking , Grant opens the door and slips out as I walk in .
tr	PRES	Everyone uses protective gear .
tr	PRES	He stands dumbfounded and I seize the opportunity to walk out .
tr	PRES	Rare clear gaps , penetrated by moonlight that lights up the leaden expanse with silvery flashes .
tr	PRES	Letting the thrill pumping through him settle slowly .
tr	PRES	She hates me . "
tr	PRES	" Good morning sunshine .
tr	PAST	She jabbed me in the side with her elbow .
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	Elijah reaches over the armrest and presses the lightbulb button .
tr	PRES	" Don 't Lissa me , Tony .
tr	PRES	One evening , after he dosed Peter with what he imagined was the fatal bit of extract , he confronted Anastasia .
tr	PRES	" Enough , " Jared said , pul ing into Cynthia 's driveway .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air , Victor .
tr	PAST	The rumor compared the kiss to a movie call An Officer and a Gentleman . "
tr	PRES	I wipe my brow and look at my drenched hand .
tr	PRES	" Big gin . "
tr	PAST	Katie motioned to the location where the statue had originally stood .
tr	PRES	She inhales and a sigh escapes her lips as she releases a breath .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the living room .
tr	PAST	Kylie attempted to look away , but his gaze locked on hers .
tr	PRES	She returns the smile .
tr	PAST	Henrietta clutched onto the rag she had used to clean the table tighter .
tr	PRES	" Way ahead of ya buddy . "
tr	PAST	I hesitantly unfolded the paper and peered at the words printed inside .
tr	PAST	He cocked his eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Says it helps clear his head , so he can go back to his writing .
tr	PRES	" Loria , snap out of it .
tr	PRES	Perhaps everyone experiences a broken heart .
tr	PAST	And his fears of being discovered and caught bore no reasoned basis .
tr	PAST	He saluted the guards and motioned Paul to drive around the logs .
tr	PAST	" I can totally see , " Sakura uttered in amazement , blinking a couple of times .
tr	PRES	I cheat on my husband with a 20 something and I 'm a pariah .
tr	PRES	' You and your soldiers and their swords .
tr	PAST	He slapped the elevator button .
tr	PRES	He grasps my hand in his and pulls me close until his head rests against my stomach .
tr	PAST	I motioned to it , my hand shaking .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this the way everyone holds hands ? "
tr	PAST	A jagged spear of lightning pierced the clouds , unleashing a torrent of rain .
tr	PAST	She created a fantasy .
tr	PAST	' He must have a lot of customers for what he 's selling , ' Cori reflected .
tr	PAST	But Reuben lay crouched beside the wall , inconsolable .
tr	PRES	John just stood , his face expressionless .
tr	PAST	Cora withdrew from the embrace .
tr	PAST	Feeling traumatized but relieved , Pigeon retreated to the shed .
tr	PAST	Marwan slowed as he saw her and she walked towards him , urging him and Aiden to stop and talk with her .
tr	PAST	Before them the figure glowed brightly , its luminous skin clean and white despite the land around it .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the ground beside him .
tr	PAST	He crawled onto the bed next to her and grinned .
tr	PAST	I slapped the gelding on his rump as he moved off , and he flattened his ears .
tr	PRES	Now , this applies to every lawyer , but at this firm we take this professional relationship very seriously .
tr	PRES	" You intrigue him . "
tr	PRES	" Nothing wears out your welcome faster than a wolf .
tr	PRES	He stops and parks the car and they both turn to each other -- an awkward moment .
tr	PRES	But Elliott slams his fist down on a wooden table , as angry as I 've ever seen him .
tr	PAST	" It 's not like I 've been flinging myself at him , " I countered .
tr	PAST	He sped past the horseshoe driveway and circled around to the back .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , like that really bothered you . "
tr	PRES	I lean forward and brush my lips against his .
tr	PAST	A sudden beep pierced the quiet .
tr	PRES	Every night it opens and the suit engulfs me .
tr	PRES	" Don 't cry , ok ? "
tr	PRES	I hesitate because the shirt reveals my scars , and then I decide I want it that way .
tr	PRES	He rises to his feet and sets the water down before picking up the nail gun again .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , you proved that . "
tr	PRES	Peter holds another gun in front of him and leaves the incinerator room .
tr	PRES	He relaxes back in his chair , calm and settled , acting very different than he was five minutes ago .
tr	PRES	" I Love the way your hair feels like satin . "
tr	PAST	He pretended to be shocked .
tr	PAST	His skin glowed with our recent days in the sun , tawny as a Siamese .
tr	PAST	" We received the Athena 's transmission several hours ago but had to verify the electronic signature .
tr	PAST	Walt identified that vague gnawing sensation on the side of his head as pain and lifted his hand to it .
tr	PAST	The shadowy figures rustled in the darkness again .
tr	PRES	Realm chuckles , lowering his arm from my shoulders .
tr	PAST	She willed Kip Rayburn to give his wife a sign that he would stand beside her .
tr	PAST	" Ya named it yet ? "
tr	PAST	Chapter 26 Truth Echo signaled Shimmer with a thought and the horse jolted forward .
tr	PAST	I crumpled up the leftovers in the brown paper bag and tossed it through the bars .
tr	PAST	The amulet on her neck glowed blue , like the hottest fire .
tr	PAST	Aris exhaled , then began to talk .
tr	PRES	" Something whispers to me - " he touched the left side of his chest " - here .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes at her and frowned .
tr	PRES	Every day I snuck into the lab after hours and searched for any information that might lead me to you .
tr	PRES	A doctor explains that my clavicle is broken in several places , which is not his biggest concern .
tr	PAST	" Well that 's nothing to be ashamed of , " Marcus stated .
tr	PAST	Inez stiffened on top of him as his fingers slid between her legs .
tr	PRES	I told him , trying , to no avail , might I add , to keep my own teeth from clacking together .
tr	PAST	But mostly I just served as a blood dispenser . "
tr	PAST	She washed her hair , too , and soon the locks were dripping down her face and shoulders .
tr	PRES	This choice does not erase the past , it changes only the future .
tr	PAST	It 's blurry , " He cocked his head , his eyes full of wonder .
tr	PRES	Canto 4 ONE The tall , lean man rises from his chair and crosses the stage to the rostrum .
tr	PRES	Gabe reaches for a bag on the floor .
tr	PAST	Even so , Claire preferred not to admit the truth , especially with Isaac sitting only fifteen or twenty feet away .
tr	PRES	Let 's make this something that he will always remember , " Julia states firmly .
tr	PRES	He tries to keep a low profile , but he is considered a bit of a playboy .
tr	PAST	And Mike thanked his lucky stars that she 'd given him a second chance .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	It misses on purpose .
tr	PAST	- And we sometimes even stole eggs !
tr	PAST	That had chased him away from her side as she slept , safely hidden within a dream .
tr	PAST	I stiffened but was too tired for a barroom brawl .
tr	PAST	Although he was quiet , even solemn , she sensed a deep reserve of strength and character .
tr	PAST	In the morning they awoke embracing each other draped in the red fabric that had caused all the problems they now had solutions for .
tr	PRES	I 'll join you i. ... " " Forget it ! "
tr	PRES	To her surprise , his voice purely American .
tr	PRES	" Antibacterial dish soap ? "
tr	PAST	As she did she withdrew the dagger at his his throat and leapt back onto her horse , in a fluid graceful , effortless leap .
tr	PAST	The parents received a daily report on the detention progress .
tr	PAST	She inhaled in shock as all of a sudden beautiful diamond teardrop earrings appeared on her ears .
tr	PAST	Sean solved the problem for me .
tr	PAST	All of my senses buzzed with his presence .
tr	PRES	It lacks the full , curving , sunlit glory of that distant day .
tr	PAST	Sudden screams mingled with shouts over the explosive roar of a lodge on fire .
tr	PAST	He faked to his right , but I was expecting it .
tr	PRES	" Terrified , " she whispers , her eyes searching mine , an unreadable look in them .
tr	PAST	Pa slapped him on the shoulder again .
tr	PAST	He eyed me slowly up and down .
tr	PRES	It ain 't lies . "
tr	PRES	' My kingdom draws breath , ' he whispered to his brother . '
tr	PRES	And haan , no boyfriends inside the hostel . '
tr	PRES	Zack throws his arm around my shoulder again but squeezes me uncomfortably tight against him .
tr	PAST	" That 's where I think you are wrong , " Gabriel stated firmly .
tr	PAST	He thrived in that environment .
tr	PAST	His hand caressed her back , slid around to the curve of her breast .
tr	PAST	Savannah 's expression pinched for just a moment , as if she was counting the days .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't the FBI warn you that I have sticky fingers ?
tr	PRES	Well , you 're different , I wanted to say , She loves you .
tr	PRES	I lean back against his bed and stare at the ceiling for a minute .
tr	PRES	That only pisses me off more .
tr	PAST	He sensed that much .
tr	PAST	" I don 't usually drink ... at all , " Darcy announced in a sing-song voice .
tr	PAST	" Sit , " Miley stated as she led Ari to the table .
tr	PRES	were the first words she spoke , her tone matter-of-fact .
tr	PRES	As we come along the high part of the road , though , even Jonathan falls silent .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this nice , Hal ? "
tr	PAST	But her instincts picked up Quin 's presence the moment he re-entered the living room .
tr	PAST	Beaming happy , Iona hooked arms with her cousins .
tr	PAST	Drums rumbled from farther up the pass .
tr	PAST	His forehead was dripping sweat , his shirt soaked with flowing blood .
tr	PRES	" So where to now , Bogart ?
tr	PRES	" I love you , please don 't go , " he begged at the lifeless body .
tr	PAST	Cod reported that Eva didn 't have many belongings .
tr	PAST	His father untied him .
tr	PAST	He shuffled silently to Malcolm 's room and ran to his nightstand .
tr	PRES	We settle into soft chairs near the window .
tr	PAST	Heart racing , James sped through the city .
tr	PAST	However , the demon absorbed the blow with his hard muscles and caught the staff in his hands .
tr	PRES	" As you all know , " he begins , " Alexandra is Adria 's sister .
tr	PRES	The refresher tub solar healing waves shut down .
tr	PAST	Garuda shrieked and slowed down its flight .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand and I take it .
tr	PAST	They exited together and descended the two levels to where the child was being kept .
tr	PRES	Jenna giggles attractively and I glance at Trick .
tr	PAST	Dugan plopped the pelican between them and grabbed the paddle .
tr	PRES	Hyacinth helped me onto a gurney and the nurse I assume was named Smithy helped Jules into the wheelchair .
tr	PRES	" Oh no , nothing so dramatic as that .
tr	PAST	He unclipped his phone , punched out the number and closed his eyes as he waited for her to answer .
tr	PRES	She stands up on her tiptoes and kisses my cheek .
tr	PAST	However , he persisted and lifted her thick auburn hair from her sweating neck .
tr	PAST	Vann preferred to take a month of sub duty followed by a week of shore time .
tr	PAST	As he pulled it closer to the side of the cliff , the light bounced over a tattered sneaker .
tr	PRES	Ethan pushes off the lockers .
tr	PRES	Evelyn clears her throat .
tr	PAST	he stated , as if he was reading her mind .
tr	PRES	The one on the left loses his grip on his blaster , and I dive for it , scoop it up and shoot him point-blank .
tr	PRES	Cricket sees her expression and says something that causes her to stalk away .
tr	PRES	Speeding up the mounting process and skipping inspections buys us 11 days .
tr	PAST	Scott 's guards , including Jonah 's friends Jeremy and Danny , stormed the room not a moment later , pulling out the unconscious users .
tr	PAST	Driving proved to be an exception .
tr	PAST	Sable tugged her hand from his .
tr	PAST	" There is a dangerous enemy on the loose , " he babbled holding me by the neck with his right hand .
tr	PRES	" No one uses this part of the house , so please consider it yours .
tr	PRES	Please say me , my inner voice begged .
tr	PAST	Release exploded through her and she repeated his name arching her back until her toes curled .
tr	PAST	Kissing her tenderly , his fingers lingered briefly on her cheek before he reluctantly released her .
tr	PRES	And now my whole body blushes , " I 've seen him dripping wet and in a towel .
tr	PRES	The small white cup disappears in his palm .
tr	PRES	Max opens her door for her and they head inside the church .
tr	PRES	Echo and I huddle unconsciously close together .
tr	PAST	She stiffened against him , but didn 't offer another protest .
tr	PRES	He creeps up to the make-shift stable and stares into the dimness as he hangs to the door frame .
tr	PRES	" Will you feed me ?
tr	PAST	As he bent forward to take off his shoes , she unbuttoned her shirt and removed it .
tr	PAST	He eyed my naked body up and down , anger making his jaw clench .
tr	PRES	She laughs and grabs my hand , then stands up .
tr	PAST	Antonia gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , suddenly wide awake and alert .
tr	PRES	" Soon , " Ricky whispers .
tr	PAST	All the creatures acted the same towards them though .
tr	PAST	Footsteps shuffled towards them .
tr	PRES	" The Ice Princess .
tr	PAST	" They buzzed me through to her hall .
tr	PRES	" My mum . "
tr	PRES	Marcel begins to shout at the ceiling , " Did you hear that ? "
tr	PRES	" In my backpack ! "
tr	PRES	" Your favorite student . "
tr	PRES	She glances up at me in surprise .
tr	PAST	" Of course I have cute shoes , " I exclaimed , putting my hands on my hips .
tr	PRES	She sees the vertical plummet of red fires from the rocks at this close range on the viewer window .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're going to provide the stationery ? "
tr	PRES	Protective instincts the likes of which he 'd never experienced before .
tr	PRES	" Wake up , " she urged the man sprawled on his stomach , his hand still resting on her thigh .
tr	PAST	It disconcerted her to have him laugh just then , a low , rumbling sound , as if her words amused him .
tr	PAST	Memories of family trips here washed over me , and my throat squeezed .
tr	PRES	She bolts through the door I just opened .
tr	PAST	She reflected , as if up to now she hadn 't known .
tr	PAST	On his chest , the blue abort triangle glowed brightly .
tr	PAST	Dr. Godsend regarded his notes and cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	That rider we saw at the crossroads .
tr	PAST	Emma jolted under my touch .
tr	PAST	I inhaled through my mouth and removed my teeth from my lower lip .
tr	PRES	Beth wraps her arms around me .
tr	PRES	" Is Chloe with him ? "
tr	PAST	She crawled into bed after washing her face , brushing her teeth and changing into a night shirt .
tr	PAST	His fingers froze on her neck .
tr	PAST	I hopped in the subway and in about twenty minutes I was at an office building on Greene Street .
tr	PRES	" Use your phone , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Here , the woman installed Janie at a melamine desk with a telephone and computer .
tr	PAST	Instead of responding , I snaked one arm through the bars and grabbed his silk tie .
tr	PAST	I groped for what they would actually be .
tr	PRES	The fog has pulled back and the day is bright , the sound of heat bugs fills the air .
tr	PAST	She cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	The answer lies within .
tr	PAST	But Daemon was already sound asleep , his body curved protectively around the basket holding his daughter .
tr	PAST	" So , al your friends are members of the Original pack , too ?
tr	PRES	" Bloody typical Olivia , I 've never been any use at anything in my whole life , absolutely bugger all .
tr	PRES	I hazard a guess .
tr	PAST	Dark silky locks of her hair fanned out around her on the pillow .
tr	PAST	A quaint little island divided it from the seating area .
tr	PAST	Harriet shuffled out of the bedroom rubbing sleep out of her eyes .
tr	PAST	Had he trusted him with the truth ?
tr	PRES	" What about Byron ? "
tr	PRES	" Because she loves you so much . "
tr	PRES	So then the rich man begged Jesus to warn his brothers , that they might not come to such an end as he had .
tr	PAST	Finally , the servant retreated into the house and closed the door .
tr	PAST	Then the bed caved in around me , and I was tumbling head long into oblivion .
tr	PAST	Cass stiffened at those words and walked over to Ryan , pulling him up off his knees .
tr	PRES	The outside of Patrick 's eyes crinkled , the most masterful wince he was capable of .
tr	PRES	" It fits . "
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	" Ok , " she mumbled , throwing her arms around my neck .
tr	PRES	My heart stops again .
tr	PAST	" You 're a medical miracle as it is , " I exclaimed , walking around the kitchen , throwing my arms in the air .
tr	PAST	Something leaped inside her chest then .
tr	PRES	" A virus is something accidental , " Aiden points out .
tr	PRES	The door releases , and I kick it flinging it open .
tr	PAST	Erin tugged my arm as the line moved forward .
tr	PRES	" Separate walk-in closets and a giant soaking tub . "
tr	PAST	The clay pot shattered against the side of his skull , sending him flying to the ground in a large , unconscious heap .
tr	PAST	Her dates fled if she wasn 't up for eating or fooling around .
tr	PAST	He enquired in a romantic voice .
tr	PAST	They only nuzzled and gave soft hisses of breath .
tr	PRES	" Alexis , " Emma mutters as though the name annoys her in some manner .
tr	PRES	He opens the door for me ; the little bell jingles .
tr	PRES	" We just forgot to turn on the lights , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	He dialed his brother 's number .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , on a Sunday afternoon , his mother barged out of the cabin with her bags .
tr	PAST	Then HRT announced tryouts down in Quantico .
tr	PAST	No , " Yes " Savannah lied .
tr	PRES	" What Belgium stands for -- autonomy and freedom . "
tr	PAST	" Got in some hay .
tr	PAST	Behind them others slowed from stride to amble .
tr	PAST	Pandora crawled into the bed beside Dante .
tr	PAST	His teeth gritted ; he reached out to Carlos once more .
tr	PAST	Angelique cleaned up from the meal , and while Fredericks was eating she retrieved the Bible , " Dane , I don 't understand this . "
tr	PRES	' Uh-huh , ' I murmur , but all the drive back to the hospital , my heart races with fear .
tr	PRES	I hesitate and then sigh .
tr	PRES	Careful to avoid the main streets Elliott often travels , I arrive at the store and lock my car .
tr	PRES	" You little prick , if I were ten years younger I would kick your ass down this fairway . "
tr	PRES	She deserves a quiet place to spend the cold months . "
tr	PAST	Years later , I visited Gilbert and Dee Da Dee and they told me that those summers were the best of their life .
tr	PAST	It glowed brighter and split into two lights , which swirled around each other as they quickly rose higher in the air .
tr	PAST	His grip on the wheel was light , his arm extended in a way that showed off the beauty of his chiseled arms .
tr	PRES	When he can 't hold it back anymore , he bursts out laughing .
tr	PRES	My eyes roam to the Porsche parked in front of us .
tr	PRES	" We have to get out of here , " I shout .
tr	PAST	Z operated on the law of the jungle , and she 'd stumbled into his jungle .
tr	PRES	I disagree most strongly .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on Seth , who stood tall and stared right back at him with those icy blue eyes .
tr	PAST	My gaze bore into Balls 's back as I followed him into the living room the guards had been cleaning earlier .
tr	PRES	He holds it up for Dagger to see .
tr	PRES	I murmur a good-bye and hang up , but for an instant I stand there , wondering what 's wrong with me .
tr	PAST	She inhaled , trying to get oxygen to her starving lungs , but she didn 't have a response .
tr	PAST	I slowed up as the hairs on my neck were standing on end .
tr	PRES	He briefly glances down to me .
tr	PRES	That , and folding napkins .
tr	PAST	Gabriel urged Will to go up .
tr	PRES	With a shaky sigh , he draws away , sitting up and pulling me onto his lap , still unwilling to completely break contact .
tr	PRES	She helps kill the king and sits silently by while her husband kills off everyone else in his way .
tr	PRES	Xander climbs into the cupboard before the guards can push him in .
tr	PRES	He exits the gate and walks to one of the cars in the parking lot .
tr	PAST	A class 7-9 girl named Julie . "
tr	PRES	" Let 's just say that there are ... factions .
tr	PAST	A glob of Mackenzie yellow spattered on the polished boards at his feet .
tr	PAST	Selena looked at him horrified that something like that had happened to him .
tr	PAST	Something hard jabbed me in the chest .
tr	PRES	" I sell hotel supplies ... you know , cleaning supplies and such .
tr	PRES	Gabe clears his throat , brushes the hair out of his eyes .
tr	PRES	He flips off the light .
tr	PAST	They toasted their coming nuptials with champagne drunk from tall fluted glasses .
tr	PAST	He regarded her oddly , as if he wasn 't capable of taking his eyes off her .
tr	PAST	Benji tugged hard on her , and she found herself sprinting with he and Hunter through the house , to the front door .
tr	PAST	Ty tensed below him , just like he always did despite his continued efforts not to .
tr	PRES	He carries a knife with him all the time .
tr	PAST	Vel touches a talon to my cheek and we exchange a wa that says everything .
tr	PRES	She holds up her thumb and forefinger .
tr	PRES	" Dorian Masters . "
tr	PRES	" The old house still stands ?
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PAST	" Home , " someone suddenly announced in a baritone voice when they finally got to the foot of the mountain .
tr	PRES	The snakes slid over his ears , under his chin , past his nostrils , the bodies damp and slithering .
tr	PAST	The blush on her cheeks deepened as he covered her hand with his , but she didn 't pull hers away .
tr	PAST	She thanked me for putting that thought in her head as she surprised me by giving me a light kiss on my cheek .
tr	PRES	From the corner of my eye , I detect that Anthony 's face falls .
tr	PAST	He tugged her up by the hand , this time making sure not to come too close and be snared back .
tr	PRES	Inside his apartment , Jesse draws me gently into his arms .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the two empty shot glasses .
tr	PRES	Then a whole series of muffled thumps , that they 're on top of the situation .
tr	PRES	God loves humans no matter what evil thing they do to Him .
tr	PRES	She begged me to make love to her . "
tr	PAST	She stomped after Will and Jaime , cussing under her breath .
tr	PAST	Aria braved a smile .
tr	PAST	I steadied my breathing as I locked gazes with Lillian .
tr	PAST	The brothers chimed in and they drank again .
tr	PAST	At the sight of his wickedly happy face I stormed over to him .
tr	PRES	On one strange day , I recall it like no other as it hurt like no other .
tr	PAST	The wind created a whispering effect as it carried the demonic cackles , making it seem like the devil was chanting right into one 's ear .
tr	PAST	I crawled faster , almost delirious from the pain , but through my tears and the smoke , I saw Silver Hair raise his knife .
tr	PRES	" I never should have sent you to , Gage , " he whispers with his eyes wide open as though he were sharing a private thought .
tr	PAST	The blue lights twinkled in the dark on valley floor , while the silver spires of the shield towers caught the day 's last rays .
tr	PRES	I whipped around to find Alex ander standing next to me .
tr	PRES	" Alexis , " Emma announces as she stops in front of the grave .
tr	PRES	" To the death , Sire ? "
tr	PRES	Pilcher 's right-hand man climbs out of the Jeep and struts over .
tr	PRES	I wove my way through the path I 'd cleared to my front door .
tr	PAST	Quin sensed she was steaming inside , wanting to lash out at him , and he exulted in having stirred so much volatile emotion .
tr	PRES	" God , she 's beautiful , " Markus whispers to his back row comrades .
tr	PRES	No stars shone through .
tr	PAST	She never conjured spirits .
tr	PRES	Pierre considers , " I think that all of us should sleep in the same tent .
tr	PAST	He swooped forward to steal a heart-wrenching kiss before pulling back with a rueful reluctance .
tr	PRES	Mac leaned forward , his voice husky .
tr	PAST	" We should all be marching on , " Jen urged , not waiting to see who was following .
tr	PAST	She ceased speaking , and looked vaguely before her : her thought was travelling through the years .
tr	PAST	Kim 's Sentra barreled toward us .
tr	PRES	I would have plays on Broadway with my name in lights .
tr	PAST	" I told you my mother was odd , " she announced when he reversed out of the parking spot .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand and Jared took it and struggled to his feet .
tr	PRES	' Miss Dixon ? '
tr	PAST	Chapter Six I 'm sorry .
tr	PRES	" Let 's just slice her , a little bit ... " Duncan grabbed Saul 's hand , keeping those claws away from Holly .
tr	PAST	Setzer nonchalantly dealt a game of cards without glancing up .
tr	PRES	I advertise my latest work through popular modern technological methods such as Facebook , Twitter and email .
tr	PRES	It warped the air like a great heat .
tr	PRES	I punch her hard in the face .
tr	PRES	Terminate Morgan surveillance and close file .
tr	PAST	I sensed in the last month or so that he had given up hope of ever seeing you again .
tr	PAST	Linsey received an unusual surge of anxiety at the moment her daughter pushed off the hill .
tr	PRES	He stares at her arm .
tr	PAST	As I pulled the clean shirt over my head , I sensed my sister before she spoke .
tr	PRES	The third period begins .
tr	PRES	" Hi Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs ! "
tr	PRES	Pain strikes me like getting hit with a metal club against your bare heart .
tr	PAST	Now , Enlil was the King 's Priest because his sensitivity to Life was acute ; yet even with a touch , he sensed only Death .
tr	PRES	Messenger dreaded what was coming .
tr	PRES	" Traditionally , the bride 's family pays for the wedding .
tr	PAST	Dios floated past his vision , explaining that as a result of an edict passed several thousand years ago it was essential that he marry a cat .
tr	PAST	He eyed her a moment , then returned to his meal .
tr	PRES	" The lawyer . "
tr	PAST	The challenge spurred him into sweeping her into his embrace .
tr	PAST	He never quit , never let go .
tr	PAST	We received your message , but not in time to avoid the army .
tr	PAST	I eyed the stairs as we got closer , uncertain how I was going to manage .
tr	PAST	With one final fluid motion Mike leaped over the railing to arrive at the table where Garcia was seated .
tr	PAST	She sensed that he had been less disarmed by her studied nonchalance and innocence than the other agent had been .
tr	PRES	" I was planning on leaving tomorrow , if it is convenient , " Born mumbled through a mouthful of pie .
tr	PRES	It now belongs to us .
tr	PAST	He clutched the edges of the door ; a frown pierced his face , and he stared only at my brother 's back .
tr	PRES	His fingers ruffled her hair in a caress before tugging the silken strands gently .
tr	PAST	Lynn treated me like a mental case she 'd given up all hope on .
tr	PAST	" Well , " Leslie faltered .
tr	PAST	For a few seconds , she crouched there , cradling her bleeding hand and crying .
tr	PAST	Billy unclipped the lid on the box and reached inside .
tr	PAST	We crawled through the tunnel under the stream .
tr	PRES	" Oh fuck . "
tr	PRES	Only ... " I braced myself .
tr	PAST	She tipped her mug back and took another cautious sip .
tr	PRES	" Some kind of little jellyfish .
tr	PRES	As far as the doctors knew Victoria never even talked to Annabelle or Katherine , not verbally anyway .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped in happiness at having her take the initiative in touching him .
tr	PRES	Sensing a little anger Snow Flower begins to explain where they came from , while Blue Cloud stands patiently by her side .
tr	PRES	In a cool , dark cavern , guarded by men and by oaths , lies a dungeon in which prisoners fearfully await the inevitable .
tr	PRES	I hears someone shout , far , far off in my misery and pain .
tr	PRES	" What 's mine is yours , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He withdrew the velvet sack and slipped the egg out .
tr	PAST	Emotions chased across her face so quickly that I couldn 't follow them all .
tr	PAST	Connor propped the mop against the wall and grinned at them , happy to be interrupted .
tr	PRES	" Oh , am I now Jerry ? "
tr	PAST	I limped slowly through the archway , my muscles aching with each step .
tr	PRES	We just blurt out whatever word comes next to mind ?
tr	PRES	Joy wove the bread stick between her fingers with amazing dexterity .
tr	PRES	Like you belong to me .
tr	PAST	" Hmm ... " Alpha Realms provided a safe distraction from the peripheral view of Jayne sliding onto the lounger .
tr	PRES	Theresa lies on a sofa pulled close to an open woodstove , watching as Adam Hassler adds pine logs to the fire .
tr	PRES	Does that sound reasonable ? '
tr	PAST	He walked toward her slowly , his hands stuffed into the pockets of his dirty jeans .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the handle to the bathroom begins to jiggle followed by a loud banging on the door .
tr	PRES	" I assume it is in the east . "
tr	PAST	His timetable dictated that he move more quickly than he would like , but the ultimate reward demanded the ultimate risk .
tr	PRES	Will dispatch EMT and notify Patrol and Operations . '
tr	PAST	Razia tugged at him , nervously .
tr	PRES	Hit murmurs , " I can do that . "
tr	PAST	The lights bounced through the night sky and illuminated the city in an array of vibrant colors . .
tr	PAST	She advised against it .
tr	PAST	Caesar 's conquest of Gaul , completed by 51 BC , extended Rome 's territory to the English Channel and the Rhine .
tr	PAST	At that , Gavin scoffed , earning himself Felix 's ire .
tr	PRES	Another twirling display of aggression and the boy remains untouched .
tr	PAST	Right now she preferred to hate him than accept the other emotion that was developing .
tr	PAST	And without waiting to see if he was following , she stumped off down the verge , supporting herself on her gnarled , wooden staff .
tr	PAST	she hollered , looking at me over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	A good Champion helps carry out the god 's desires and keep bad stuff from happening .
tr	PRES	" Though you both hold important information , neither of you sees the picture in its entirety .
tr	PRES	Hundreds of guns resting on pegs that keep them in place .
tr	PAST	She exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	His expression transformed into surprise then anger .
tr	PRES	And second , you freaked out when I just asked you if you had a backup plan .
tr	PRES	" Not his usual affectionate self , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Her body flashes brightly and turns to ash .
tr	PAST	The rectangular outline of the entrance snaked between rows of engraved shells and angels .
tr	PAST	A split second later it vanished altogether .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand for me to pass it .
tr	PRES	My dad lets out a small laugh , apparently relieved that I changed the subject .
tr	PAST	Instead of speaking to the wedding guests , Mary extended one of her hands to Nicola .
tr	PAST	I clutched Alexander 's hand for security .
tr	PRES	" Tell me more , " she whispered , her hands resting on my chest .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply to keep the nausea at bay .
tr	PRES	" Oh , ha ha .
tr	PRES	He lays the book down gently , then proceeds to lay down on the bed .
tr	PRES	A bright summer sun shone from a clear blue sky .
tr	PRES	He likes to know what his property is up to .
tr	PRES	Nine stands up suddenly , looking over at John .
tr	PAST	An uneasy feeling churned in his gut .
tr	PAST	Preferably served to me in bed by you completely naked , but I 'm flexible . "
tr	PAST	Looking past the prisoner , I tipped my hat to the guards : " Evening , gentlemen . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " he teasingly sings .
tr	PRES	" You ruined my new corset . "
tr	PRES	My mom 's voice stops me .
tr	PAST	The officers reported his movements to the transit police who converged on the Gothic Line .
tr	PRES	He smacked her ass again , and Alana cried out , her body and mind spinning .
tr	PRES	Blake slides across the seat and I sandwich Francesca in the middle .
tr	PAST	When Myles would have stormed a burning building to save you ? "
tr	PRES	" Captain , " Chip interrupted calmly .
tr	PRES	' Everyone 's misses her ' But , blimey Wednesday night turned out terrible .
tr	PRES	It begins to look as if there 's a little dissension in the ranks on the other side . "
tr	PAST	Abbott cocked an eyebrow and frowned .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out at this hour , Ross ? "
tr	PRES	After a minute or two passes , we both relax and Sam chuckles .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven The dream of the Roman appeared first .
tr	PRES	Tobias helps me to my feet and guides me toward the doorway .
tr	PAST	" All of these girls visited Stellar Winds less than a year before they were abducted .
tr	PAST	Renee intervened before her friends could react .
tr	PRES	" Oh , ha ha . "
tr	PRES	Laughter fills his head as Jason descends the stairs .
tr	PAST	The scent of spilled alcohol mingled with disinfectant , and her boots squelched against the floor as she made her way to the bar .
tr	PRES	It falls under domestic detail .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Georgie .
tr	PAST	I giggled , and grabbed my heavy black coat and purse .
tr	PRES	Grubbs rips at the shadows like a madman .
tr	PRES	I swing my pack off my back and dump it on the floor to get to Quickly 's journal .
tr	PRES	" Amaranth , " Dham begins , but I shut him down with a sharp slash of my arm .
tr	PAST	Gil toyed with his knife .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze , his expression hardening into that unreadable mask I know so well .
tr	PRES	Gotten the hell out of her life before he screwed it up .
tr	PRES	" Tell me you understand , " I begged .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged .
tr	PRES	Gracey said , her heart lurching out to the child .
tr	PAST	His face was drawn , eyes shadowed in the flickering light .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands on his sides and moved her knees up to press into his hips .
tr	PRES	A barrier along the coastline protects much of the area from the Atlantic 's uncertain rage .
tr	PAST	He defeated them , of course , and destroyed them so they couldn 't rise again .
tr	PAST	Daisy ambled over , her tongue lolling from the black smile , the dark eyes questioning .
tr	PAST	Questions asked too early usually received only a grunting response and a dismissive wave .
tr	PRES	( looking at A2 , to him ) Hey ponytail .
tr	PAST	The agony of her wound continually sought to drag her down into a darker place , somewhere unholy and wretched , transfixed between awareness and the void .
tr	PRES	She then digs through her pocket and adds Ethan as well .
tr	PAST	His head buzzed with an unknown energy that permeated his entire skull .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around me , and pulls me into a hug .
tr	PRES	" But my dad will be so pissed , " I mumbled , not sure what he expected from me .
tr	PRES	She lies back down .
tr	PAST	When I first met her and throughout the tour with her , I quit abusing pills cold turkey .
tr	PAST	' Whoa , ' she suddenly screeched .
tr	PRES	His mind opens up and he breathes in .
tr	PAST	She extended it with perfectly manicured fingers , a silver charm bracelet dangling from her wrist .
tr	PAST	Backing up far enough to really see it , I eyed the tree skeptically .
tr	PRES	It helps when your friends work better than dynamite ! "
tr	PAST	The man 's weight tipped the ladder precariously with each stretch of his arm in a different direction .
tr	PRES	Mr. and Mrs. Martinez .
tr	PAST	" Oh , she 's soft , " Christine crooned .
tr	PRES	A ghost of a smile passes his lips .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER VIII THROUGH THE DISK OF DARKNESS I awoke within the utter stillness of a tomb .
tr	PRES	" Merci Paris . "
tr	PAST	He squinted at the can . '
tr	PAST	She giggled a little .
tr	PRES	It also opens the door to Kells 's office , which is where we have to go next .
tr	PAST	In a rather undignified way I crawled towards Sean who was watching in shock .
tr	PAST	Addy froze when she saw him .
tr	PAST	They blamed themselves in many ways for my tragic , young , severed life .
tr	PRES	" So -- " He steps in closer , eyeing my school 's practice jersey .
tr	PAST	As the blue , clouded world grew smaller behind , tiny flecks of light shadowed .
tr	PAST	He twirled his wedding ring around his finger , glancing at the picture of his family on his desk .
tr	PAST	His face blanched at the first part of the report that was just revealed .
tr	PAST	He slapped his head to try and clear the noises .
tr	PAST	When they reached the mirror , she thanked him earnestly and set to applying twice the amount of makeup she usually used .
tr	PAST	I nearly collapsed in relief .
tr	PAST	As they did so , the cacophony amplified , attracting increasing attention from the volunteers .
tr	PAST	" I tried calling you - but I couldn 't get a signal , " I defended .
tr	PAST	I clasped my necklace so hard that it left indents in my palm .
tr	PRES	He finally started talking , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" Good thing misery loves company then . "
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened as his mouth descended and covered mine .
tr	PRES	" To the airport . "
tr	PAST	I doubted that he just plucked it out of thin air .
tr	PAST	She flung her cloak over the back of a chair and sat as well .
tr	PRES	" Maybe not , Mari .
tr	PRES	Matthew wove around the fallen door toward her .
tr	PRES	The pounding of the horses ' hooves on the stone or cobbled streets echo back from the closely set houses and buildings .
tr	PAST	Eve , monitoring the activities at the village , reported to the Director that Neil appeared to be executing a search pattern .
tr	PAST	He waddled back around his desk , mumbling .
tr	PRES	" What if one of those clones loses their mind on-board the ship back to Coruscant and slices a hole in the hull ?
tr	PAST	The kid smacked him with a backhand .
tr	PAST	An uneasy sensation tickled the base of my skull .
tr	PRES	She sizes me up and I can see the hatred in her .
tr	PAST	Nerves buzzed in a quiet hum under the surface of my skin .
tr	PRES	It collects the infected like a magnet through metal shavings .
tr	PAST	There chanced to be a rebellion against some of these great lords .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air around her as he eyed her warily .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and turns away like he 's decided something .
tr	PAST	he uttered in disbelief , trying to see her face with only the dying embers of the little fire in the center of the tent for illumination .
tr	PRES	Phoebe falls forward , gasping for air .
tr	PAST	Caroline doubted it was quite as nice then as it is now .
tr	PRES	Says a burly short round man about four feet tall .
tr	PAST	A cheaply framed landscape poster labeled Mount Rainier hung over the mantel .
tr	PRES	The fragrance of the strawberry shampoo and body wash always mixed well in the steamy atmosphere .
tr	PRES	Much scheming remains for me here !
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed with eloquent appeal as a rather tentative , shy little smile softened her face .
tr	PAST	She twirled around to show off her outfit and tripped over her feet , sending her stumbling into my arms .
tr	PAST	He turned his head , scanning the room to find her sitting by the fire , her head cocked to the side .
tr	PRES	He respects authority − but more than that , he demands authority .
tr	PAST	Without as much as a wave of a hand , a ring of fire four feet tall circled them .
tr	PRES	Well , at least the only people you remember seeing , " I qualify my statement quickly .
tr	PAST	The winner received a prize of the statuette .
tr	PAST	Josie received a sideways look from her mom .
tr	PAST	His whole body tensed , a muscle pulsing in his jaw .
tr	PRES	His standard trademark . "
tr	PRES	As long as he provided these intrusive visions , Wendell could make sure I witnessed every brutal detail of whatever he wanted me to see .
tr	PRES	Though the Gods Above only know what she sees in me .
tr	PAST	Taking her hand , I snaked us through the hollows of town , along the sides of darkened buildings and obscured alleys .
tr	PAST	" I can talk about it , " I stated .
tr	PAST	The veneer cracked above the eyebrows , two long wrinkles pinched together as he absorbed these predictions , delivered so matter-of-factly .
tr	PRES	He touches my shoulder and leans in to murmur in my ear .
tr	PRES	When he starts to argue , I urge my horse closer and lower my voice .
tr	PAST	The bullets riddled his heart and flung him backward , arms outstretched .
tr	PRES	" Did you just compare my brothers to dogs ? "
tr	PRES	He likes anything I wear ... or don 't wear . "
tr	PAST	Laura , could you grab those sheets of paper on the table ? "
tr	PAST	I wondered if the text was too bold but before I had time to regret it , my phone vibrated again .
tr	PRES	She exhales slowly , like she 's fortifying herself .
tr	PRES	Rann chuckles with Dirk .
tr	PAST	When the car came to a stop , he exited with Avery held high against his chest .
tr	PRES	I luv san fran .
tr	PAST	The chewy brownie exploded with a harmonious mix of chocolate and butterscotch .
tr	PRES	" Another apology ? "
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed on the table with another picture from George .
tr	PAST	" My favorite part of the day ... " His fingers caressed my cheek .
tr	PRES	Nadia , " he adds , " marshal them .
tr	PRES	" The pills are made from starfish , " Noah concludes .
tr	PRES	" Undisclosed services ? "
tr	PAST	I brace for it when he parts his lips to speak .
tr	PAST	" They tolerate you because they want to get paid , " Dreamer countered , and Denise pouted at her .
tr	PRES	Echo snaps , and I can hear the savage hatred in her voice .
tr	PRES	He snuck up behind her and wrapped her in his arms .
tr	PRES	She deserves what she gets . "
tr	PAST	I know not , " exclaimed Henry .
tr	PRES	The Namibian Air Force averages three kills a night along the long border .
tr	PRES	My eyes bulge out when I realize she 's wearing her I heart BJ shirt .
tr	PRES	She hears her betrothed speaking her name .
tr	PRES	He likes to paint out doors in the nicer weather .
tr	PAST	Todd exclaimed pulling at her arm .
tr	PAST	A wave of embarrassment washed over me .
tr	PAST	It provided students with secondary to tertiary education , serving mainly children , aged thirteen to eighteen , of expatriates in Singapore .
tr	PAST	The flickering shadows painted his face hollow beneath his cheekbones .
tr	PRES	Tapping her foot to the loud music , she wove the hot curling iron through her hair and waited .
tr	PRES	" Well , ha , ha ... ha ... " Cheyenne said sarcastically , adding an eye roll for good measure .
tr	PAST	" You 're the hikers , " she exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" No , thank you , " I decline with a smile .
tr	PAST	" Gin , " Owen rasped , the raw , aching desire apparent in his voice .
tr	PAST	William extended a hand toward the door . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe we should just leave , " she comments .
tr	PRES	" Please spare me , " he begged .
tr	PAST	" I thought we 'd take a drive tomorrow , " she announced casually as Karen set the table .
tr	PRES	" Grandma and her family lineage .
tr	PRES	She lets out another groan and her feet take a few steps forward but go limp again .
tr	PRES	When they pulled up in the drive Caroline hopped out of the car and up to the porch before Cade had completely gotten out of his seat .
tr	PAST	Thirty-three minutes later , the happy family left together , with Maddie trailing behind , forgotten , her finger hooked in her mouth .
tr	PAST	It unraveled like a compressed Slinky , lashing out from the inside .
tr	PRES	" Our souls ? "
tr	PAST	Mary Jane had drawn up on her knees , her hands slapped to the sides of her face .
tr	PAST	A hot air balloon floated serenely through the clouds .
tr	PAST	This is Melanie and Davion , " Annalise extended her hand , but looked at me as Lancaster entered the group to take it .
tr	PRES	Samson likes it , so we play outside a lot .
tr	PRES	" I forgave you the moment you thought you wronged me . "
tr	PRES	Rift chuckles , slowly finding his feet and returning his hood over his brow .
tr	PRES	" And he suspects ? "
tr	PAST	My hands balled up into tight fists .
tr	PRES	Her head falls , ashamed .
tr	PRES	I forgave her with a reluctant smile .
tr	PRES	" Great musician . "
tr	PRES	When a Russian man wants something , he just reaches out and snatches it .
tr	PAST	And that bothered him .
tr	PRES	" No one deserves to suffer like this , especially children .
tr	PAST	Black clouds swirled overhead , while dry leaves and withered rose petals blew across the countryside .
tr	PAST	Glory sensed that he was troubled about something and didn 't necessarily want to talk , but she made herself look him straight in the eye .
tr	PRES	" There 's more food in that pantry if you 're still hungry , " he points .
tr	PAST	She tipped it back and guzzled it down , but the liquid did nothing to quench her thirst .
tr	PRES	No , nothing so stressful for you , though I 'll keep those offers in mind .
tr	PAST	Again and again the spider leaped into the spear point , until its body was a mass of punctures .
tr	PRES	" I 'm fifty-one percent bitch and forty-nine percent sweetheart ' , so proceed at you own risk .
tr	PAST	The shock seizing her face fractured .
tr	PRES	" Not much in comparison , but enough , eh ?
tr	PRES	" What brings you out ? "
tr	PRES	Dim gray light shone up the shaft .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Carson ? "
tr	PAST	I stole you a transport vehicle .
tr	PAST	Just thinking about him highlighted the need to be extra careful .
tr	PAST	She visibly tensed as she regarded him in frustration .
tr	PAST	Her body tensed under my touch , but she didn 't move away .
tr	PAST	And he blamed it all on James Wright .
tr	PAST	I eyed the spell .
tr	PAST	" Uh ... " " Can I braid it ? "
tr	PRES	She glances behind her , suspecting some sort of trap .
tr	PAST	" Go parallel to that of Howard at five meters , " he instructed the jetpack .
tr	PRES	The killer uses his freshly stolen key , inserts it into the doorknob , and turns .
tr	PAST	Life altering , sure , but her life isn 't over .
tr	PAST	Disgust glowed in her eyes .
tr	PAST	As they filed into the room , Jenny quickly collected the dishes and exited .
tr	PAST	Luke cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	Her voice deepened into a growl that rolled right over them .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Errol .
tr	PRES	" Take it or leave it , Buck .
tr	PRES	" Great , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Yes , Regina , I mourned .
tr	PAST	The final monster she killed required the last of her strength .
tr	PAST	Goddard pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PRES	" She laying down the law at home ? "
tr	PAST	Jax hopped up off the stool and wobbled as he went down to his knees for the end of the third verse .
tr	PAST	He urged her toward the keep doors .
tr	PRES	The sun shone into her eyes but she sipped on her coffee .
tr	PAST	I clutched his shoulders , feeling light-headed at his touch .
tr	PRES	Epilogue Matt refuses to leave me for a second .
tr	PAST	He slurred then reached out to touch her hair .
tr	PAST	Lily tuned up the guitar and then picked out the opening chords before pausing .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	It exited the back of his head and ripped his brains out as it left .
tr	PAST	In turn , Jordan received and lit his own candle .
tr	PRES	" No shoving in the halls ! "
tr	PAST	She slowed the limousine , and Luca straightened and waved an arm out the passenger window .
tr	PRES	" The Upper West Side . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply savoring in the raw scent of the earth .
tr	PRES	" You mean , what incident ? "
tr	PRES	Likelihood of obtaining the job : also zero percent .
tr	PRES	Crewe 's hand holds firmly to my hair and the base of my head as he presses me tightly into him .
tr	PRES	The headlights shone across the gravel but didn 't quite touch the end of the bridge .
tr	PRES	" What journey ? "
tr	PRES	Study very hard , Pol .
tr	PAST	" Do you recall , " the man said , " the problems NASA initially had with the anomaly software onboard the PODS satellite ? "
tr	PRES	" And ... the Lord Ruler ? "
tr	PAST	Dreamer 's arms curved around his neck , Ted lifting her off her feet as he pulled her closer .
tr	PRES	And now , lean on my hand .
tr	PRES	Finally making sure that he has not been followed , he returns to his tent .
tr	PRES	So it stands to reason all the houses of the town don a mud exterior with grass , flowers , and vines throughout .
tr	PAST	He grunted , sizing me up .
tr	PAST	His face reddening , he gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	" It shone only because it was blacker than the shadows that covered him . "
tr	PAST	A heavy weight in the middle of her chest prevented movement .
tr	PAST	She sensed a frenzy of telepathic thought buzzing through the network .
tr	PAST	His words mirrored the ones used in the first note the killer left her : Sutton 's dead .
tr	PAST	They salted down the meat .
tr	PRES	He points straight ahead and stands .
tr	PRES	Big D lets up on the pressure .
tr	PAST	I froze at the strange voice and ducked behind a rusted pickup truck .
tr	PRES	At least , not to protect your eyesight . "
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled like burning embers .
tr	PAST	Anita giggled , " I 'm adding that to our ' Things to discuss when this nightmare is over ' list . "
tr	PAST	" At the airfield ? "
tr	PRES	In the tears that pooled there .
tr	PRES	" The patch is sort of cute , " Pigeon mumbled .
tr	PRES	The long trench of sand at the base of the ravine stretches from the entrance all the way to the barracks just below the throne room .
tr	PAST	Stepping back into the floor area normally occupied by the shower , he reversed the sequence and locked the passageway door .
tr	PAST	" Maybe they 're for us , " Dana volunteered .
tr	PAST	I speculated on what could 've happened if the new patrolman hadn 't fetched him - would Stokes have launched herself across her desk at me ?
tr	PAST	Chapter Three Shock froze Claire .
tr	PRES	Thereafter , on the first full moon , our first transformation begins and we are forever frozen at that age .
tr	PRES	" He owes money to some dangerous people .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five I remained in the hospital for an entire week .
tr	PRES	A mimic of her father .
tr	PAST	He pinched his eyes shut to avoid the memories that flooded his mind .
tr	PAST	" Just think about how it could be , Bella , " he urged in a soft , eager voice .
tr	PRES	I tell him , my voice so hoarse it 's nearly unrecognizable .
tr	PAST	You pretended that nothing happened , that everything was fine .
tr	PAST	Her face blanched despite her burns .
tr	PRES	" No I guess I don 't , " Buck mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Gloria chimed in .
tr	PAST	It exploded like an unwound dandelion , silent as starlight , searing as a supernova .
tr	PRES	Bob 's bloodshot eyes were crazy , his nostrils flaring .
tr	PAST	If you want to die and do it quickly , then by all means , " Winkler flung out a hand .
tr	PAST	But Hernando plowed forward , " They arrested her yesterday .
tr	PAST	His hands lingered momentarily on the cherry blossom tattoo before sliding back up .
tr	PRES	He points to the list .
tr	PAST	" Have you installed that up-and-down gate yet ? "
tr	PRES	She folds a shirt and tucks in the dresser .
tr	PAST	Andrew readjusted his shirt and suit .
tr	PAST	He sped to the river , screening it up and down , trying to find his unexpected ward who had vanished moments ago into the dark water .
tr	PAST	And he reiterated twice that he hardly thought that a high school female could consume people .
tr	PRES	Walking in single file to avoid the flames .
tr	PRES	Thought the shot released bowels .
tr	PRES	Moments later , the access door to the tunnel rises .
tr	PRES	He seemed part of nature , his features timeless , his eyes old .
tr	PAST	He scooted across the bed and pulled her down by the hand so she was sitting on his lap .
tr	PRES	In Jesus name I pray , Amen . "
tr	PRES	He sees you as a threat to her .
tr	PRES	And the nails . "
tr	PRES	" What kind of software ? "
tr	PRES	He holds the shaking handheld camera close to his face .
tr	PRES	She stops cold when she sees me , and I can tell by the expression on her face that she wants nothing to do with me .
tr	PAST	She dialed Dee Dee .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted with a ribbon in her hair .
tr	PRES	" I fight for the patron of wisdom , " Sheik announces , a golden light beginning to emanate from her form .
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	She snorts a laugh .
tr	PAST	My mind still grasping , fumbling .
tr	PAST	Inez sniffed in contempt .
tr	PRES	" Did you just ... manipulate me ? "
tr	PAST	Tavi seized the portcullis with both hands , planted his feet , and reached down into the stone beneath him .
tr	PRES	Down the hall and to the left . "
tr	PRES	I redirect my concentration back to the drip in the ceiling .
tr	PAST	To call for the lift would only alert any men posted below .
tr	PRES	Opinionated and honest , sometimes to a fault , he holds his politicians and civil leaders accountable .
tr	PAST	His BlackBerry buzzed an unwelcome interruption .
tr	PAST	He exhaled deeply and continued to stare at her .
tr	PAST	" Oh , Mavis , " the frantic friend sobbed over the phone .
tr	PRES	Decent , thoughtful , polite .
tr	PAST	His father strapped the corrective lenses around his face , and for the first time he could make sense of the shapes around him .
tr	PRES	My drunken episodes differ enormously from my father 's .
tr	PRES	June 's chest puffs out a bit .
tr	PAST	He faked you out , you stupid bitch ! "
tr	PAST	She snaked her hand across his abdomen , sinking into him .
tr	PRES	After a few minutes , the door opens and Nathan Coley is shoved inside .
tr	PRES	Each entity remains linked until final discontinuity removes from ... network ?
tr	PRES	She slams the stem of her trident into the cave floor .
tr	PAST	He always referred to Luis as sweetie when he was slightly annoyed .
tr	PAST	I prayed for a red light to pause us on our trip , but it seemed the traffic lights were against me .
tr	PRES	He stands and points then kisses my cheek .
tr	PAST	He collapsed on the couch , keeping her body on top of his by wrapping his arms tightly around her waist .
tr	PAST	" Charlie called , " Michael announced , for Melinda and William 's sake .
tr	PRES	A wise old woman lies dying in a hospital and you don 't want to know about a miracle . "
tr	PRES	Before Will and I can proceed , Elliott enters the room .
tr	PAST	The scent of magnolias swirled about them .
tr	PAST	Before the curse of the gods of Saran came upon us , he visited the colony a time or two .
tr	PAST	A dark blond head followed by the rest of Trent 's tall , muscular body unfolded .
tr	PRES	It 's possible someone snuck in while Horton was away and sprinkled crushed peanuts or put some peanut oil in his Cheese Doodles bag .
tr	PAST	He flings an arm round the fugitive 's neck and shoves him to the ground ... He stops , suddenly .
tr	PRES	Danny begins to play with the remnants of bread on the tablecloth .
tr	PRES	My body sings over hers as our arms and tongues struggle to get enough of one another .
tr	PAST	She required not one word of explanation , which was refreshing , since I wasn 't sure I could manage anything coherent .
tr	PRES	' Byron and your cake bimbo , ' she crowed .
tr	PAST	We slowed and walked the rest of the way .
tr	PAST	Whatever the beast was , it required eleven men to go out there to contain it , even though it was supposed to be half dead . "
tr	PRES	Then she proceeds to answer her own question , " To keep you from getting psycho jealous , that 's why .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , Mr. Messick .
tr	PRES	" And utter madness ! "
tr	PRES	Pen shoots and the ball strikes it .
tr	PAST	We both - " Valerie placed her finger over his lips , silencing him .
tr	PRES	A wounded heart sees all wisdom as the point of a knife . "
tr	PRES	" Mr. Lincoln ! "
tr	PAST	Gordon emerged and waved a hand in the direction of Team A .
tr	PRES	Jerry has gone to one of the hotel 's gourmet cooking classes , ' she explains , as she takes me to his cot .
tr	PAST	Brogan regarded his fingernails closely .
tr	PAST	He smashed the bottle into the street , drew the Desert Eagle , and fired three shots into the sky .
tr	PAST	He froze in the intensity of the moment , trapped in the excruciating pleasure that had him on the verge of splintering into a million pieces .
tr	PAST	His voice was quiet , his tone clipped .
tr	PRES	Grubbs explains that the world has woken up to the existence of demons .
tr	PRES	" The whole pile ? "
tr	PAST	She yawned and sank lower into the plastic chair .
tr	PAST	Stryker swiped some frosting off his cupcake and held it out to me .
tr	PAST	Dreams that now lay shattered and broken on the ground .
tr	PRES	' ' I du n no . "
tr	PRES	" Since we 've met Nick he 's always been good to us , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Lu lets out a small cry and tries to jerk away from me .
tr	PAST	I prayed , to who knows what god , that there 'd be a time soon that I didn 't need to keep anything from him .
tr	PAST	Saul lingered alone before the threshold awhile before reasoning away his caution .
tr	PAST	More people leaped off the yacht .
tr	PRES	Chapter 6 I doze on and off until light begins to spill through the openings around the boulder .
tr	PRES	Like say , hmm ... your fathers .
tr	PAST	" Nice shot , " Morton gritted .
tr	PAST	Glossy cherry tabletops reflected tiny beams from the single candles atop them .
tr	PRES	She slams the cab door , her face twisting .
tr	PAST	They trudged through the vegetation and instantly became hidden from the openness .
tr	PRES	" Let me explain , " he begins , his hands moving to mine .
tr	PAST	Van froze , " That bastard Heisenberg hasn 't ... ? "
tr	PRES	She stops rubbing my back and takes hold of me by both hands .
tr	PAST	Jordan wavered , uncertain as to whether she should forsake her father to perish behind her back .
tr	PRES	Moonlight shone in his eyes , but his luscious mouth was a grim line and his body language was anything but relaxed .
tr	PRES	" No , " Ervin snaps his heels together as he addresses his superior .
tr	PAST	The radio strapped to his belt crackled to life .
tr	PRES	" New drapes and sheers definitely .
tr	PRES	Only the fact that she must find me equally inscrutable offers any consolation .
tr	PRES	" One race . "
tr	PAST	" You just announced on national TV that you and I are engaged .
tr	PAST	Jumping on the starter produced no effect .
tr	PRES	Dixie tries to hop over the fence , but Kim sends her to the back porch .
tr	PRES	" We 'll be there , " Jacqueline crowed triumphantly .
tr	PAST	Opening his arms , he urged me closer .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you a bit too old for Peter Rabbit pajamas ? "
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the room ahead of her .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand , and I hate and I love that contact from him is what I need .
tr	PAST	They linger , though .
tr	PAST	I lay in my bed a few minutes later , resigned as the pain finally made its appearance .
tr	PRES	" One criminal deserves another . "
tr	PAST	Online shopping replaced the Sears catalogues for many , but old people who were slower to change their habits drove to a WalMart .
tr	PRES	I whimper as he licks his way down my back , then as his quick hands undo my jeans .
tr	PRES	But suddenly the world begins to spin .
tr	PRES	The shops all sell cheap products for the welfare crowd and the low income .
tr	PRES	" This place creeps me out . "
tr	PAST	Trace shuffled into the kitchen , her hair in a ponytail and eyes barely open .
tr	PAST	Got transferred to voice mail both times .
tr	PAST	He stated as he touched some of the strands of her hair .
tr	PAST	Down in the kitchen drowsiness stole over them after the orgy of speaking had come to an end .
tr	PRES	" Just like old times , " mom mutters .
tr	PAST	On instinct , Emily froze .
tr	PAST	His gaze never wavered , and she felt itchy and uncomfortable , like he was truly seeing her .
tr	PRES	" And little Maggie ? "
tr	PAST	Julia washed her hands one final time .
tr	PAST	A woman named Beatrice owns the small complex .
tr	PRES	He likes operas and theater .
tr	PAST	Seeming convinced , Haidar exhaled .
tr	PRES	" It 's going to take more than a few sultry glances to make me your willing slave , Archer .
tr	PAST	Hayden claimed the restaurant had some of the best spaghetti he 'd ever had in North Carolina .
tr	PAST	She jabbed her finger in the middle of Sebastian 's chest .
tr	PRES	" You fuck . "
tr	PAST	On the floor below them , something smashed into a wall .
tr	PAST	The wolves charged the scooters , trying to rip the wheels of the scooters to shreds .
tr	PAST	And , in all , You featured as the hero .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	At the base of the tower stairs , he faltered , and she finally opened her eyes to look at him .
tr	PAST	" Same here , but is not good to always work .
tr	PAST	After goading the DJ to show her how to spin records , Emily sloppily engulfed Beth in a hug .
tr	PAST	He pretended to consider her question before allowing a smile to curve his lips .
tr	PRES	He plays with my curls .
tr	PRES	" And Christmas with them was ... " " Fine . "
tr	PAST	Startled , I whipped my attention to the side .
tr	PRES	" This explains how they are to be placed and set to explode .
tr	PRES	" On your knees , pig swill , if you expect to escape my presence with your skin intact ! "
tr	PRES	With it , the recognition that I dreaded .
tr	PAST	Alexia perked up at that name .
tr	PRES	He pinches the man 's nose closed and begins breathing into his mouth .
tr	PRES	She lets the last notes die off , muted by the waves .
tr	PAST	Ted yawned , Dreamer softly adding " It 's not even seven yet , Marlon .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the glowing TV .
tr	PAST	Then I shove the necklace into my pocket .
tr	PAST	When the silence passing between us became deafening , I collected my bearings and apologized emphatically .
tr	PRES	He tries to dissuade me but I pester him until he gives me a cell phone and a number .
tr	PAST	We created these without thought to their place in the whole storyline , but rather as standalone pieces or series around the theme .
tr	PRES	" In a file ? "
tr	PRES	" Sean Kendrick . "
tr	PRES	I " ve trained myself to think about axes . "
tr	PRES	Victoria sings as she heads off into another room .
tr	PAST	This one bore only a few names .
tr	PRES	Kids fantasize about Harry Potter magical powers but drown out those subtle under the surface things that we 're all at least somewhat capable of processing .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetie .
tr	PAST	Even without electricity , the refrigerator served as a fairly successful icebox , better at least than leaving food sitting out on the counter .
tr	PRES	He stops directly in front of me and mouths the words " Zeke is coming up the path . "
tr	PRES	Reyes licked his lips , the action somehow menacing .
tr	PAST	She claimed the barstool beside him as he sipped .
tr	PRES	He draws an arrow coming out of the sun .
tr	PAST	" You 've been drinking , " I accused , smelling the faint trace of liquor on his breath .
tr	PAST	Jake slapped his phone shut and threw it in with Cael 's to keep it from getting wet .
tr	PAST	I exhaled and closed my eyes .
tr	PAST	he asked , his words muffled by the pillow .
tr	PAST	Cheryl stated the slogan with Julia , " Use whatever you got to get a tip . "
tr	PRES	I feed him , and he stays around .
tr	PAST	In a smooth motion , he tipped his head forward and kissed me .
tr	PAST	" At the center , being prepped . "
tr	PAST	The pain lessened , or so it seemed .
tr	PRES	" Then trust me , lass .
tr	PRES	Phil stands and walks briskly to the bench , fetching a tape measure , he measures from the end of the beam to the wall .
tr	PRES	He tries to joke , probably to relive the stress which is evident in my voice as I struggle to find the right words .
tr	PAST	The play unfolded in slow motion before my eyes .
tr	PRES	Was she really just plain old Lizzie Somers , the new girl who couldn 't swim !
tr	PRES	" Come on lets go . "
tr	PAST	The robe lent him a kind of authority he hadn 't felt with the baggy old sweater .
tr	PAST	She cocked her eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Then she climbs the steps to the top of the tower and goes out on the catwalk and looks far off toward the mainland .
tr	PRES	Cody lets go of Jennifer and tries to pull Sean away from Nicole .
tr	PAST	He plunged into her , gritting his teeth at the overwhelming pleasure of it .
tr	PAST	A shiver chased up her spine , but she refused to let her nerves fray .
tr	PRES	Farther down in the transcript , I discover another detail .
tr	PRES	" No prints on the edge of the mirror ? "
tr	PAST	The dank smell in the hallway assaulted him , waking him up to the bleak reality confronting him .
tr	PRES	My hand strikes something .
tr	PRES	" Sleep , " she suggested , " and when you wake , I 'll be here . "
tr	PAST	She produced a thermometer and took Sam 's temperature again .
tr	PAST	" I think it would be a great idea , " she countered , then stood on her toes and shyly kissed him .
tr	PRES	" You don 't know what I want , " Gavin snaps .
tr	PRES	" If that 's true , then what about Bryce ? "
tr	PRES	Without a second thought , he storms out of the area , throwing fallen trees and debris aside as he runs .
tr	PRES	My scream stops immediately and I am sure my embarrassment shows .
tr	PRES	Emma 's best friend from elementary school , Hannah Smithson , remembers her being a shy and studious girl .
tr	PRES	" Even if he smells divine . "
tr	PAST	They acted like they couldn 't wait to get rid of her .
tr	PAST	Gwen exhaled the breath she did not realize she had been holding .
tr	PRES	" Nice work , " Nathan mumbled .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile one of his hands groped in the bag for something that felt like pizza .
tr	PRES	" Since it went up for sale , she stops here almost every time we pass by . "
tr	PAST	A great fatigue washed over me , and I fell to my knees holding my belly .
tr	PRES	Our eyes connect for a moment and my stomach flutters .
tr	PRES	Consciousness begins to dribble back to me .
tr	PAST	He eyed the dogs sprawled on the floor in front of the television , wrestling and rolling .
tr	PAST	" Maybe , " I teased , earning a grin as he reached out and pulled me to him .
tr	PAST	I am a blind fool , he berated himself , then shouted , " Girl , I would 've loved you ! "
tr	PRES	" Just , um , wait for me , okay ? "
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Leah stands up and retreats to the kitchen for a box of crackers .
tr	PAST	He plunged one hand into her hair , his fingers delving into the thick mass .
tr	PAST	Her voice slurred as if she were drunk .
tr	PRES	And now she brings Vlad the Impaler along to impose her will .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PAST	Not the work instincts he 'd come to expect and trust , but a strange new protectiveness .
tr	PAST	" Not required , but definitely a good idea .
tr	PAST	Game Plan , in my own minor estimation , proved no easier to understand than the bible , even with the simplified language .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but not in my pajamas in the middle of the night . "
tr	PAST	Claire 's peal of laughter lightened the mood .
tr	PRES	He holds me firmly , painlessly , as he guides me down the last six steps until we 're on the landing that opens to the lobby .
tr	PRES	A tree outside the window fills the living room with a soft emerald light .
tr	PAST	Holiday slowed down and peered back with concern .
tr	PRES	" No matter what happens , always strive to be the better man .
tr	PRES	The wind ruffled its tail forlornly .
tr	PRES	I lean forward trying to get a better look at the guy , but it 's too dark to see his face .
tr	PAST	Noah extended his hand .
tr	PAST	" I 'm pretty sure you 'll be able to do it by scent , " Julia giggled .
tr	PAST	They zipped past an office , a powder room , and an enormous , immaculately clean marble kitchen that smelled like fresh lemons .
tr	PRES	" In Dundee ? "
tr	PAST	Yet a problem arose which should really have been expected : the password .
tr	PRES	A little serving maid enters , carrying fresh water for washing and the news that I am expected to attend the duchess 's council meeting .
tr	PAST	She glanced up at me sharply , scanning my thoughts , then flicked her gaze up to the statue of Jesus Christ hanging above us .
tr	PRES	The moon shone crisp and vibrant in the sky , illuminating the night 's moisture upon the statues and flora .
tr	PAST	I actually faltered a little when the big room proved to be empty .
tr	PRES	I absorb it in the way you already saw in the woods .
tr	PRES	Because Latham had also been feeding on vamps .
tr	PAST	" Unless the Prince has spelled the area , " I countered .
tr	PRES	So , you value me .
tr	PRES	Knowing the rest of the food cooked at a higher temperature , I reset the oven accordingly .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so sorry , " she mumbled against my shirt .
tr	PRES	Neither one of them tries to stop me as I march out of the room and up the stairs .
tr	PRES	" Like some sort of feedback , but not electronic .
tr	PRES	Hailey whispers a while later .
tr	PAST	Jasmine scoffed and gave me a scathing look .
tr	PRES	He leaped down onto the pavement and helped her down after him , pul ing her close against his side .
tr	PRES	" Now , step forward five paces and get on yer knees . "
tr	PRES	When he pulled her upright and moved his mouth sensually over hers , she almost begged him to drop her into the hay again .
tr	PRES	Shoving my arms under Dad 's shoulder , I drag him across the floor .
tr	PAST	The pressure on Sasha 's arms and head lessened .
tr	PRES	I mumbled the reassuring words a man might offer a dog with a sore paw .
tr	PAST	She uttered a quiet command and felt the workings of the lock stir , but not enough to grant her access .
tr	PRES	To the sides bright lights shone from what looked like umbrellas .
tr	PAST	He dove headfirst into the tunnel , pushing through the thin cobwebs that filled the cramped space and disappearing into the gloom .
tr	PAST	I sniffed , staring at the cloudless ceiling .
tr	PAST	Something oily and slimy crawled in the pit of my stomach and I wanted to throw up .
tr	PRES	Chuck mumbled and dropped back into his world of work .
tr	PAST	Harry fired up the radio , triggered the send button and whispered , " Leeds United ... ... Leeds United . "
tr	PRES	Finally , I arrive the end , but as soon as I see it , it doesn 't feel like an end .
tr	PAST	Jax collapsed , crushing Lexi against the wall .
tr	PAST	That bothered me too .
tr	PAST	Asha giggled , " No ... nobody died ... these boats are sent from girls upstream who haven 't found the man of their dreams yet . "
tr	PRES	I fumble for the safety -- is it off ?
tr	PAST	In a blur of motion and lethal intent , the pair of them ditched their empty firearms and took their battle hand to hand .
tr	PAST	" Easy , tiger , " he joked , swiftly grabbing it out of the air and pulling her into his sturdy frame .
tr	PRES	" I don 't really know him , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Your body is completed healed with your powers , " whispers out of eardrums of the Honor Guards .
tr	PAST	His face pinched with confusion , the smile fading from his face .
tr	PAST	So , just reread the portion we were talking about .
tr	PRES	" Of course he 's not all right " snaps Jane .
tr	PRES	I tune out Chloe 's barking and look over at Ms. Richards sitting on a bench in the distance , referring to her clipboard now and again .
tr	PAST	The woman slowed as she approached Grace .
tr	PRES	' Come on , come on , ' I begged .
tr	PAST	The tall grass tickled her legs as it waved slowly in the breeze .
tr	PRES	Slowly , as if far away , the music begins , deep and resonant , building as if reaching out across the soundscape to take me .
tr	PRES	" Sure Mace . "
tr	PAST	And for Simon , Sam and Maddie , " Timmy squealed happily .
tr	PRES	" The average man consumes four to six liters a day , which is eight to thirteen pounds of weight .
tr	PAST	He plopped down on a corner of the deck out of the way of the crew and ate quickly .
tr	PRES	Says she likes having the pocket change . "
tr	PRES	And in the future , please try and stay out of the way of runaway Mardi Gras floats , okay ? "
tr	PAST	" Keep your arms straight and use your core to paddle , " he instructed , making a down and back motion .
tr	PAST	The electric chair topped the list .
tr	PRES	Moonlight shone off her canted eyes , making them glow in the darkness .
tr	PAST	Alena 's reflection never bothered Dennis , but lately the sight of his own , for whatever bizarre reason , had become slightly unnerving .
tr	PAST	The memory floated away , as did the voices , flying out the tunnel , softer and softer until there was silence .
tr	PAST	Images of the bachelor auction floated through my mind .
tr	PRES	I gulp and look away .
tr	PAST	Still , something about the furnishings bothered me .
tr	PRES	Brand glances over at me .
tr	PRES	Her blond curls bob around the perfectly creamy skin of her face and her blue eyes are on fire .
tr	PRES	" You 're lucky I don 't make you sleep in the street , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	A waiter brings me a cup of coffee before I open my books and look at the test .
tr	PRES	Then , of course , he sings to you .
tr	PRES	" Here , this is real butter , from the farm here , " Della offers .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Cleo smacked her hand against the wall , hitting the intercom wired directly to the front office .
tr	PAST	He was looking down , away , his neck exposed .
tr	PRES	' Indeed , our pilgrimage upon the face of this continent hath two goals - two prizes .
tr	PAST	Ryan 's fingers itched to test the texture , to warm her with his hands .
tr	PRES	" I value a young man who values family . "
tr	PAST	She stated it rather than asked .
tr	PAST	If that 's the case , we have to be prepared , " Nate instructed .
tr	PRES	He grasps his cock and begins to stroke himself .
tr	PRES	He arches a brow at me , looking more interested than he did before , which means I epically failed .
tr	PRES	The long metal table and the instruments hanging from hooks or lined up like cutlery in shiny trays .
tr	PAST	Every particle of her being reached out to it , urged her to attempt communication with the field .
tr	PAST	No human can refuse me , " he stated confidently .
tr	PRES	Her green and gold eyes and the crescent-shaped birthmark on her cheek .
tr	PRES	Once again the great stands scattered scent .
tr	PRES	I have one of each , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Gray joked , " That definitely doesn 't sound like an evening planned by Suzy .
tr	PAST	The Marat girl 's eyes shone , as she glanced over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	She clutched her wolf , letting tears roll down her cheeks .
tr	PRES	" What about my daughters ? "
tr	PAST	Steve exclaimed on a long , slow breath .
tr	PRES	" Fucking experiments . "
tr	PAST	Then Lucian leaped away from the animal .
tr	PRES	" How many of his roommates still belong to this so-called religion ? "
tr	PRES	Leaning back slightly , he holds his hands up .
tr	PAST	Footsteps and the rough clearing of a throat announced Jim 's arrival , and a moment later he stood at the door .
tr	PRES	He stops and takes a deep breath .
tr	PRES	' Of course , Baron . '
tr	PRES	The phone buzzes again .
tr	PRES	" Such a thrill to be with you again . "
tr	PRES	He presses button on an exposed panel .
tr	PAST	His lips lingered on mine briefly before he opened my car door , and the cold bit my skin .
tr	PRES	" When you 're living in a small village it helps to be able to hear the soft footfalls of a deer . "
tr	PAST	Entering her chambers , the thick scent of incense immediately assailed us.I almost covered my nose because the air was so heavy with it .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , as if he had been holding his breath the whole time .
tr	PRES	I lean in , studying the energy readings , though I don 't know enough about it to draw conclusions .
tr	PAST	" I don 't see why that matters , " Guinevere sniffed .
tr	PAST	The fathers ' runes identified the children at court .
tr	PAST	Miss Hanson related the facts to me much as they had been reported in the press .
tr	PRES	" Should we pump ? "
tr	PAST	Alec considered Hank his favorite Infernal .
tr	PRES	He offers an assessing look , and his expression turns cagey .
tr	PRES	Evie refuses to stay over at ours .
tr	PAST	She collected the glasses from the table , still feeling Singer 's eyes on her .
tr	PRES	He just likes to come up here to think .
tr	PRES	" Alright , " Coach said , " lets get to it . "
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I examined each detail he had re-created .
tr	PRES	If only I hadn 't handed Sasha the keys .
tr	PRES	With his lights he healed her .
tr	PRES	He tries to scream , but he no longer has a tongue .
tr	PRES	At noon , he announces that it 's time to go .
tr	PRES	The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain .
tr	PRES	The authority here on earth belongs to man .
tr	PAST	After the Revolution , Canada ceased being a military target , becoming more a haven for ambitious pirates and privateers .
tr	PRES	" I belong to you .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sleeping at your house tonight , " he mumbled into my skin .
tr	PAST	" Someone just dumped him in my basement . "
tr	PAST	" You said you were going to back off and give me time , " she accused .
tr	PRES	But thanks , " I add as my cell vibrates again .
tr	PAST	Ted sought the agreement of a tall , thin man in the back and then nodded .
tr	PAST	One side of Mr. Stott 's mouth curved up into half a smile .
tr	PRES	' And why sign post it anyway ?
tr	PAST	He compared it to her driver 's license and passed it back .
tr	PAST	" I received a ransom note . "
tr	PRES	' Let 's discuss our plan , ok ?
tr	PAST	Her hair was completely fine , each strand so thin he could hardly see just one .
tr	PRES	Shepherd flips to the next page , which shows a close up image of the same island , but now with a landing strip and some buildings .
tr	PRES	" Time to pay the piper , prick . "
tr	PRES	" That explains her quick escape . "
tr	PRES	" I umm ... " Emma replies , realizing that she has just said something completely out of character .
tr	PRES	I doona ken what her father was thinking agreeing to the match . "
tr	PRES	He frowns , like he just realized where we were standing .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , " she mutters , and says , " Hello . "
tr	PRES	I yell out again as I ´ ve nearly lost my voice .
tr	PRES	She brings up Warrior 's Combat Operations Technical files and begins to download .
tr	PAST	The group instantly split .
tr	PAST	Actually , Winston desired a weapon .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	" My phone , " Dexter said , weary .
tr	PRES	Dane briefly explains the situation to Officer Dillon .
tr	PAST	He squirted some water from his bottle into his mouth and then wiped it off his face .
tr	PAST	He flicked a finger toward his soldiers .
tr	PRES	A pair of narrow walkways reaches across each side of a long pool leading to the decorative throne of shells and limestone .
tr	PRES	A cold , shy wind rattles the dying leaves .
tr	PRES	" Is there a problem captain Ahab ? "
tr	PRES	The birds sing with cheer and the leaves and pine needles suddenly brighten with intensity .
tr	PAST	He sincerely doubted that anyone afflicted with their condition had discovered any useful information for medical treatment .
tr	PAST	" An elaborate ruse , perhaps ? "
tr	PAST	They saluted him formally ; when they saw me , I thought their eyes would pop out of their skulls .
tr	PAST	Staring at the ceiling quizzically , a sense of relief washed across him as he fell towards the floor .
tr	PAST	When he finally drifted off , he dreamed of being chased by a veiled man with black wings .
tr	PAST	Mages throughout the years sought to wake and kill him , but the mere idea of such a feat was so chilling that few people had tried .
tr	PAST	He phoned in on the radio , letting them know it looked clear and that he was going in to question the clerk .
tr	PRES	Finally they all shout , " A ship ! "
tr	PAST	Ash fidgeted as impatience gnawed at him .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , ' Whatever are y ' doin ' ? '
tr	PAST	With one foot on the wall and one foot on the shutter , she slowly extended herself , straightening her legs and standing up .
tr	PRES	Tam uses her left hand to point at the sling that holds her right .
tr	PAST	The emcee shields his eyes with his hand , squinting into the audience to see who spoke up .
tr	PAST	Linking her arm with his , Elizabeth tugged him toward the staircase .
tr	PRES	She tries to raise her arm , but it is without strength .
tr	PAST	A stack of cheap paper plates and a roll of paper towels topped each table .
tr	PRES	He pays more attention to me than any of the other guys .
tr	PAST	None of them bothered to court her , though ; they couldn 't even catch her eye , and she demurred from dancing with anyone but James .
tr	PAST	He pretended to pause and kiss someone 's hand sitting along the aisle .
tr	PAST	Aria shuffled back to her seat and sat down .
tr	PRES	The dragon points skyward and with a flap of its massive wings glides upward .
tr	PAST	I dive to the ground , slamming my elbows into the floor , as a bullet goes past me , the sound vibrating inside my head .
tr	PRES	Because they will not hesitate . "
tr	PAST	Upon Houston 's election to the presidency of the Republic of Texas , Burnet resigned his position as Interim President .
tr	PAST	The memory of Isaac Morgan carrying her through the forest intruded .
tr	PAST	I inched closer to Adam with the vague idea that maybe Frank wouldn 't shoot him if there was a chance of hitting me .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I mumbled again .
tr	PAST	Either demons rot quickly here or this is one of those places where time runs faster than in the human universe .
tr	PRES	As if he were Summer .
tr	PAST	Then I crouched on the balls of my feet and went low .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the fragrance of her hair .
tr	PAST	My father chimed in before the war between us could go nuclear .
tr	PRES	Now and then he mumbled , " I killed her , " but that was it .
tr	PAST	Righty and Lefty jolted to attention , gnarled wings popping from their backs .
tr	PRES	" She likes bad boys , remember ? "
tr	PRES	She clears her throat , retracting her foot from the ground .
tr	PRES	No mortal stands a chance against me !
tr	PAST	They froze , seeing Teresa on the floor , unmoving .
tr	PRES	Rain patters at first then drums loudly , the shriek of the wind accompanying it .
tr	PAST	I pondered that perhaps I would make a better woodsman than I had thought .
tr	PRES	" Ha ... ha ... ha ... . "
tr	PAST	A short while later Maria awoke with a jump .
tr	PRES	" Push me , " Iona begged .
tr	PAST	Her slack-jawed reaction to her lawn matched mine .
tr	PRES	As I think these thoughts , Silas stops to ask a woman who has fallen in the street if she 's all right .
tr	PRES	" Oh come on , lets get some tiramisu ! "
tr	PAST	He treated her with respect .
tr	PAST	Fear and exasperation overflowed all of her good manners .
tr	PRES	He holds Vanessa 's gaze for a second longer then faces the whiteboard .
tr	PRES	The momentum slams me into a flagpole and I cling to it .
tr	PAST	" Clay , " Maggie sobbed and she fell against me , pressing her forehead into my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Food poisoning . "
tr	PAST	A zombie advanced on him and like an idiot , he tripped backward and fell .
tr	PRES	When the body breaks down fat stores , it throws off a by-product called ketones , and that 's bad for the kidneys .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest .
tr	PRES	Emotion chokes his words , and Tammie caresses his face , wiping his tears away .
tr	PRES	" It just opens up somehow . "
tr	PRES	Because she 's really sick or is it shame ?
tr	PRES	" I will , your honour , " he blessed the magistrate and turned to go .
tr	PAST	The smell , along with the heat , accompanied The Man wherever he went .
tr	PAST	He twirled her around the dock , laughing happily while the more distinguished crowd looked on in disapproval .
tr	PRES	She loves this girl .
tr	PAST	Minho scoffed at him .
tr	PRES	" Now , hush so the servants can help you inside . "
tr	PAST	A line awaited us when we pulled into the parking lot of the local breakfast spot .
tr	PAST	Troy frequently dealt with similar cases .
tr	PAST	John announced , gesturing to Clyde .
tr	PRES	' That , ' meaning football .
tr	PAST	And I never lied to you .
tr	PAST	" Troy and Faith are engaged , " Olivia announced , gesturing toward them .
tr	PRES	" It always starts the same way , " Ella begins .
tr	PAST	Jake and Alaric both collected a suit .
tr	PAST	" Prior to his death , the Black Hand notified me that you agreed to take on the role of commander upon his death . "
tr	PAST	He brandished a dagger for emphasis .
tr	PRES	he whispers , bringing his mouth close , his lips grazing mine .
tr	PAST	I bounced in the four-inch heels , which I 'd borrowed from Megan and were a half size too small .
tr	PAST	He lounged in the insubstantial chair like a sleek panther , all restrained power and suppressed violence .
tr	PAST	Marguerite froze at the sight of Wren .
tr	PAST	He sped up , thrusting into her mouth , still holding her head .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked in her ear .
tr	PRES	And then this lady loses business . "
tr	PAST	" Go on , " Roy urged .
tr	PAST	Emelia emerged into the long corridor that interjected between the Great Hall and Lord Talis 's chambers .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on his elbows and whistled .
tr	PRES	Ahead , the hurtling Crewe wraps his gun into position to cover Cy .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply letting the smoke completely fill his lungs .
tr	PAST	His father scoffed back as he said , " It doesn 't matter who told me , that 's just what I heard .
tr	PRES	Her head flung back , her damp hair grazing her spine .
tr	PAST	He motioned for his men to do the same .
tr	PRES	But he considers anyone else fair game . "
tr	PAST	The Wait As Marion sat on the porch waiting for her mother to come , a man ambled up the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	That stems from all the adult films I 've watched . "
tr	PRES	A tiny bead of sweat slides down my spine , and I doubt it 's because I 'm hot .
tr	PRES	Dad gestures at the seat to his immediate right , then points at Ty to sit in it .
tr	PAST	I slapped my palms down lightly on the table .
tr	PRES	" He deserves better . "
tr	PRES	" Those ... " murmurs an android pointing to a few red points .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the nickname .
tr	PRES	" Heal him , Meredith .
tr	PAST	He squinted his eyes at me , as if trying to read me , as if I wasn 't being clear enough .
tr	PAST	Stones piled on stones until they have taken the vague shape of a dwelling .
tr	PRES	My mom whispers in fright .
tr	PRES	' Very good , Pol .
tr	PRES	Please fuck me , Simon . "
tr	PAST	He wept into the rough straw mattress beneath him until he returned to the nightmarish sleep that was now a solace .
tr	PAST	On the whole , the gamble of staying here appealed to him more .
tr	PRES	No more pit stops , no more distractions , just heading straight there and finishing this one way or the other . "
tr	PAST	She dumped a small amount of powder onto the desk .
tr	PAST	He pondered the question for a moment , but , truth was , he had no idea .
tr	PRES	Because she 's a big jerk and she deserves to be hacked . "
tr	PAST	Pleasure washed over his arrogant features .
tr	PAST	Making a deep sound in the back of his throat , he clutched my cheeks and placed his lips on mine .
tr	PRES	" Taluk baba , all that was ages ago , spare us the injustice today .
tr	PAST	Lauren and Madison Monk . "
tr	PRES	Jennie considers the remark .
tr	PRES	It 's my job , " I add before hanging up .
tr	PRES	She lets out a huge exhale .
tr	PRES	" A bat ? "
tr	PRES	My hand rises up over my mouth , and I find myself choking for air .
tr	PAST	I giggled , feeling naughty .
tr	PAST	A tall guard emerged out of the shadows .
tr	PRES	" Like a boy likes a girl . "
tr	PAST	The water witch shrieked again , that horrible drowning sound echoing around the docks .
tr	PAST	It shrieked but even knowing death was coming , it tried to bite my head off .
tr	PRES	She sighs , placing her hands on my shoulders and turning me back to my desk .
tr	PRES	" You feed in the data and the computer can create different scenarios .
tr	PAST	She sensed the other Shifters relax as well , and saw them turn back to their morning tasks .
tr	PRES	' Even a blind gnome would be able to tell that , ' mumbled Basalt .
tr	PAST	Lea charged forward , but quickly found out that Payton backed away and threw another left jab at Lea .
tr	PAST	Breathing heavily , Thomas limped after his weapon , one hand pressed against his shoulder to stem the flow of blood .
tr	PRES	" It explains why you protect Chris the way you do . "
tr	PRES	That kind of intimacy changes people I guess .
tr	PRES	A hell of a lot nicer than I would have . "
tr	PRES	" You belong with me , Avery .
tr	PAST	She cocked the hammer of the gun .
tr	PAST	I cowered within my alcove , wishing I could turn into a chameleon and blend into the rock .
tr	PRES	" Rich and Jamie Manning . "
tr	PAST	He untied the ropes binding Andy 's wrists and pulled the sack from his head .
tr	PRES	Cordelia glances once at Ervin , then toward the dark cliffs that loom on one side of the beach , and finally moves to Serena .
tr	PAST	" I like what you 've done with the place , " the German chancellor joked .
tr	PRES	With a silly smile plastered on my face , I retrieve my backpack from the passenger side of my car and wave at Isaiah before walking away .
tr	PRES	She hates my guts , and it 's obvious she 's trying to ruin my life . "
tr	PAST	He trusted his Marlee .
tr	PRES	Sudden nausea rises in my stomach .
tr	PRES	With one hand riveted on the steering , he glared at her , pitch black eyes sparkling a forewarning and dazzling red for the briefest second .
tr	PRES	A team member whispers , " I don 't see anything . "
tr	PRES	We march in five minutes . "
tr	PRES	" How nice that we all have something in common , " Warner mutters , irritated .
tr	PRES	She giggles , and then looks serious .
tr	PAST	Something bothered her about the femur .
tr	PAST	Looking up at Mr. Shakespeare like I did daily , I pretended to hear him ask me if I see dead people walking around .
tr	PAST	Maddy cocked her head to one side and studied Luke 's expression .
tr	PRES	Mason considers my question before answering .
tr	PRES	Then just swing your leg over . "
tr	PRES	But I slay her anyway .
tr	PAST	" Fine , " Joseph gritted out between clenched teeth .
tr	PAST	A young woman in an especially fine white kimono , heavily embroidered with silver thread , emerged from the fissure .
tr	PRES	Plus , she always wears this necklace with a glass bead shaped like a banana .
tr	PRES	I hesitate to cast aspersions .
tr	PAST	" I begged my father that we leave the house .
tr	PAST	His warm hand curved around my waist and he pulled me closer .
tr	PRES	She points over towards the umbrella rack , where I 've left the bag containing the can of petrol .
tr	PRES	Then I yell over my shoulder at Delores , " You heartless monster !
tr	PRES	Justine begins to cry as she can no longer choke back her tears .
tr	PRES	he asked softly , his voice husky with need .
tr	PRES	" You look lovely , " he announces , his blue eyes warm .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a deep breath before speaking .
tr	PAST	The next thing he knew , his face exploded in pain and he was slammed flat on his back , his head cracking off the metal floor .
tr	PAST	Bo must have sensed my irritation because he bent and whispered into my ear .
tr	PAST	I committed every last detail to memory .
tr	PRES	He points it around the room , peering through the scope .
tr	PRES	The morning passes and at the bottom of yet another hill there 's yet another creek .
tr	PAST	He acted like his usual commanding self , but his face told a different story .
tr	PRES	At last , he lets me go .
tr	PRES	She holds my gaze and it throws me off , scares me , confuses me .
tr	PRES	" My dad uses it in the fall as a deer blind .
tr	PRES	" The rapture ? "
tr	PAST	Taking my cue from Lia , I crouched by Dean 's other side .
tr	PAST	Her eyes roamed the field , trying to make out if someone was on the road .
tr	PRES	The sun shone into his eyes so the green seemed transparent , like looking into the shallow water and watching the sand shift underneath .
tr	PRES	My tiny face shrinks into a scowl of determination .
tr	PAST	The guard crumpled to the ground with hardly a noise .
tr	PRES	You 're going to get sick , " I murmur , my eyes pointedly on his shirt .
tr	PRES	This allows me to grow a little less upset at his intrusion , and a little less suspicious ; only a little .
tr	PRES	Ari bent forwards , too , his forearms resting on his knees , his gaze locked on the amber eyes shining up at him .
tr	PAST	The leader tilted his head to one side , " Trade for soft , " he grunted again .
tr	PRES	He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises .
tr	PRES	She sings the last word .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Duncan ! "
tr	PAST	" Put those on , " Caden instructed in a whisper .
tr	PAST	It was mostly overgrown , the stones shattered in many places , large sections of the roadway just ... well , just gone .
tr	PRES	" Everyone uses the back entrance . "
tr	PRES	I march towards him .
tr	PAST	" And if her new guy is as old as she says , he has jail bate , " Willow stated .
tr	PAST	Before one word emerged , however , his expression sobered , and he cursed under his breath .
tr	PAST	Those techniques disarmed clients .
tr	PRES	" She hates me , doesn 't she ? "
tr	PRES	His grip softens as he slides his hand to rest on my cheek .
tr	PAST	The silence lingered between them for what seemed like forever .
tr	PAST	she screeched , her shrill voice echoing down the corridor .
tr	PAST	Mito 's face regained some composure .
tr	PRES	My Daddy points the fork at the television .
tr	PRES	" That changes with each person , Terra .
tr	PRES	" No ... Claire whispers . "
tr	PRES	I lean up against the counter and twist the cap off .
tr	PAST	The heat of his leg soaked through my jeans .
tr	PAST	He seized my hand and squeezed .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER THREE The Hounds of God ONE GRAVE IN EVERY graveyard belongs to the ghouls .
tr	PRES	He still hears the slap .
tr	PAST	I inquired after his dad while the server was puttering around , and Alcide inquired after Jason .
tr	PRES	It slides across the stone and comes to rest at his knees .
tr	PAST	That thing crawled out of ... " Frederic swallowed and looked a little green .
tr	PAST	Inside roamed girls with dark lipstick and the boys with tight jeans and dark sneakers .
tr	PAST	The whole council pitched a fit when my sister turned down a partial scholarship and got married .
tr	PRES	" Does the UN just assume that we can understand their gibberish ? "
tr	PAST	Before my eyes the lion and tiger transformed into people -- a woman and a man , both young and extraordinarily beautiful .
tr	PAST	I pondered what I could do to check out the investment to see if there were any holes in it .
tr	PRES	We harvest the tendrils , dry them , and cut them up into little disks .
tr	PAST	The robot rummaged through the pack and found a miniaturized nuclear heating bar and an expander unit .
tr	PAST	He slapped his palm against the door jamb .
tr	PAST	-- Beverly Hills , California A few men exited the guard shack on the grounds of Westover Estate .
tr	PAST	I saluted with the glass , then peered in at the contents .
tr	PAST	" Adam , " Ella squealed .
tr	PRES	My smile instantly fades when I open the message .
tr	PRES	Hunter clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Which explains why you 're traveling in the degraded style of refugees ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , how delightful ! "
tr	PAST	I crawled out of bed and rubbed at my still sleepy eyes .
tr	PRES	" It strikes me that I know you from somewhere . "
tr	PAST	" Mmm , the coffee smells good , " I announced as I walked into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	As I wrap my arms around his waist , an image flashes before me of an amorous embrace with a man in a tuxedo .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I anticipated your problem , so I made sure to bring this . "
tr	PAST	After changing into her pajamas , she crawled into bed with her cell phone .
tr	PRES	The steel door creaks open , and I stand blocking Junie .
tr	PRES	" I 'm Thomas , " I blurt .
tr	PAST	Without a job , she attended classes and accumulated more degrees , which I guess is as good a way to keep busy as any .
tr	PAST	She perked up at that .
tr	PAST	" Welcome back , Colonel , " a strange , computerized voice announced .
tr	PAST	Daddy smacked his beer bottle down on the table real hard spilling a little bit out .
tr	PAST	Another man , standing at the wheel , also brandished a weapon .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Kane ?
tr	PRES	" I assume that I have to agree before I can know about the technology you people are involved in ? "
tr	PAST	She clutched his hand and walked at his side , their bodies brushing as he moved her up the steps .
tr	PAST	I doubted it was a good thing .
tr	PAST	The cool morning breeze pierced through my clothing with little trouble , but after being in the stuffy hospital , it was a welcome change .
tr	PRES	I drag in air desperately , and he smiles .
tr	PRES	Edward rips the sledgehammer handle from the Erudite man 's hands and swings again .
tr	PRES	My hand snaps out before we hit the carpet and I catch her weight .
tr	PAST	For all his thirst and hunger , Ezio feared drugs that might weaken him , render him powerless when the moment came .
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore into mine .
tr	PAST	" I defended myself .
tr	PRES	" Don 't leave me alone , " she whispered , her eyes frankly begging .
tr	PAST	The devilish twinkle in his eyes matched that dimple too perfectly .
tr	PAST	Pickford shuffled again on his stool .
tr	PAST	Stacey dumped her trash , sending me a wave as they headed out .
tr	PRES	I swim the short distance from the island to the mainland .
tr	PRES	Sarah 's eyes shone .
tr	PAST	I protest , reaching for it again .
tr	PAST	He flicked the power switch .
tr	PAST	The dog yawned , clearly not impressed by the gravity of this human problem , and rested his snout on his paws .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked to the human for just a moment .
tr	PAST	He sought her ear with his mouth and whispered , " Be good . "
tr	PAST	" Using popcorn as bait for conversation .
tr	PAST	The harbour of the city provided many shady docks , where one could fish out a whole variety of things from the water excluding fish .
tr	PAST	In fact , she seized on the exotic theme and ran with it .
tr	PAST	Desire swirled low in my belly and for a few long moments , I stared at him , unable to say a word .
tr	PRES	" She 's your daughter , she ought to know , " Amara teased Griffin gently .
tr	PRES	His eyes flare with disapproval and I stop for a moment .
tr	PAST	Bond pitched forward on to the floor and lay sprawled under the funereal violet light .
tr	PRES	' And he never forgave you ? '
tr	PRES	Gretchen loves them almost as much as me . "
tr	PRES	" Big surprise , " Callum quietly mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	The woman knelt over her , hands propped up on her own knees as though she were addressing a toddler .
tr	PRES	Then a male nurse glances at me as he walks by , but quickly looks away when Zeke clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Says the digger is at 90 , 00 , 02 west .
tr	PAST	Drew took her home instead of out to a restaurant , then massaged her feet while she fed her daughter .
tr	PAST	He winds my hands around his neck , leaving my body completely open to his roving hands .
tr	PRES	Says he bought them years ago off a man in a pub and is only too happy to pay for them to be returned .
tr	PRES	" Ah yes , your precious granddaughter .
tr	PAST	Harvey propped his hands on his hips .
tr	PAST	We all piled into his truck and drove to the Sig Tau house .
tr	PAST	She reappeared a few feet away .
tr	PRES	" He loves me .
tr	PRES	Marsh grunted , his Push forcing him back against the wall .
tr	PAST	Max squinted from the bright sunlight , and the glare in front of his eyes .
tr	PRES	A boy considers taking his own life after realizing a terrible family secret .
tr	PAST	Frowning , I slapped at her hand .
tr	PRES	" Silly little Lily , " Calder murmurs .
tr	PAST	His fangs pricked his tongue .
tr	PRES	He throws the papers on the kitchen floor and stalks away .
tr	PAST	Fifty yards from the bridge , Aran slowed the truck to a stop and quietly got out .
tr	PRES	" Because he 's Doug . "
tr	PAST	He inhaled , swore , and searched Mondragon 's pockets for the envelope .
tr	PRES	' For to the east lies our betrayers and to the west lies an unknown , and therefore more deadly foe . '
tr	PAST	Then I smacked myself in the head for being that idiotic .
tr	PRES	" If he can untie them . "
tr	PRES	' Du n no - ' Spike quickened his pace .
tr	PRES	She holds up a hand as if to say she 's retreating .
tr	PRES	" Two vile bitches , one stone . "
tr	PRES	' But just : yes perhaps , as just as our little wisdom allows .
tr	PAST	The huge man circled , putting more space between them .
tr	PRES	Izzy lets out a sob before she composes herself .
tr	PRES	He tries to engage me , but I let him do most of the talking .
tr	PRES	Come on I know that you know what a Mare is , now snap out of it ! "
tr	PAST	Tracey perked up from beside Ben .
tr	PAST	The old woman shuffled in the back , knocking pots and pans as she went .
tr	PAST	" You drugged him ? "
tr	PAST	# # # # # # # # From Will 's journals : February 28 .
tr	PRES	I scratch my head and grin .
tr	PAST	Sidra smacked her forehead and shook her head in embarrassment .
tr	PRES	God helps those who help themselves . "
tr	PAST	When Leo turned his attention back to Kimball , his frown deepened .
tr	PAST	She scoffed after a bit .
tr	PRES	Visions from long ago flit through my head , of another time and place when I found something floating in the water .
tr	PRES	I dive when I have to , jump when I have to , take risks when I have to .
tr	PAST	They saluted as the carriage passed .
tr	PAST	Kate shuffled towards him .
tr	PAST	His dog sniffed at the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	He throws his arms around me .
tr	PRES	" Oh , ha ha .
tr	PAST	You have to be patient , " Amara attempted to slow Griffin 's agitated pacing .
tr	PAST	He hopped up and went behind the bar , grabbed something , and came back .
tr	PRES	I whirl around to face my father .
tr	PRES	She scoots forward until her chest is pressed up against my back and the fronts of her legs are touching the backs of mine .
tr	PRES	Devon took hold of her hand , his touch soothing some of her tension .
tr	PAST	A look of guilt washed across her face .
tr	PAST	A shuffling set of noises arose out of the darkness ... And then , a group of uniformed men with long blue capes walked by .
tr	PRES	A sad , somber look steals over each of the Goddess , their compassion infinitely more adept than that of the Fierce Deity .
tr	PRES	" The guy tries to rape you , and you say there was no harm done ? "
tr	PAST	" But when he figures out I lied ... " He would kill me .
tr	PRES	The Hyena girl giggles annoyingly again .
tr	PRES	My hand slides under her hoodie .
tr	PAST	His coat flapped unfastened , and he 'd forgotten his hat and gloves .
tr	PRES	It sees me , veering fast in my direction .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think this , " he motioned between us .
tr	PRES	Temptation always stands on the forefront , no matter someone 's age .
tr	PRES	She tries to calm down .
tr	PRES	Finally , the Murderers ' voices fade and I know that Flynn and I are alone once again .
tr	PRES	Wash your hands before offering it to the ladies , " Grant mutters as he hands me a drink , waggling his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	Our distinguished guest has , I admit , certain eccentricities , and ... " " But who is he ? "
tr	PRES	If it wasn 't for her stupid plan ... That guy flashes through my mind .
tr	PRES	Dory Maud turns to her and thunders pleasantly , " Shut up , you cow . "
tr	PAST	Johnnie stood at the foot of the bed , his hands balled into fists .
tr	PAST	He seized Amara by the hair , baring her throat , and drew his dagger in his other hand .
tr	PAST	They crouched lower , hoping to remain out of sight of the machine .
tr	PRES	" Yes , the love changes over time , becoming something even stronger . "
tr	PRES	The thought only pisses me off more .
tr	PAST	He crawled up my body , kissing it all the while .
tr	PRES	He chuckles at his own bad joke .
tr	PAST	Heat invaded her face .
tr	PRES	My mind drifts as I detail another bush .
tr	PAST	Moaning , she circled her arms around his neck , loving the feel of his hard body pressed against hers .
tr	PAST	The dragon gracefully swooped toward the village , blasting a stream of white fire over the torches .
tr	PAST	He flung himself against Perry 's chest .
tr	PAST	A dozen Sky Raiders emerged from the breached wall .
tr	PRES	" Time to go , sweetie . "
tr	PRES	But Vera 's mind drifts away from the hard times , from the bad years when it seemed like nothing would grow .
tr	PRES	" Dinner plates . "
tr	PRES	" Oh yes , very creepy . "
tr	PRES	" Someone wishes to meet the abomination . "
tr	PRES	She freezes , then looks back at me .
tr	PAST	The other Suit 's eyes bounced to me .
tr	PRES	Says he needs to talk to you . "
tr	PAST	She slapped him on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	Holiday pondered a second .
tr	PAST	She giggled softly , allowing herself to be maneuvered and folded into his arms .
tr	PRES	When sight fails him , scent fills in , layer upon layer , marking time backward and forward , building a framework of old trails around him .
tr	PAST	" Static electricity , " I lied .
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair for a long time , his strong fingers rubbing at my scalp until I 'm all but purring .
tr	PRES	" Horseshoe crabs resemble giant trilobites .
tr	PAST	They collected their stuff .
tr	PRES	" Our son Paulo . "
tr	PAST	She limped away from him , muttering to herself .
tr	PAST	Then they uttered prayers and burned the bodies .
tr	PRES	" That holds absolutely no interest for me .
tr	PAST	The others , too , judging by the way James and Phin each shuffled their feet and sucked in their breath .
tr	PRES	He thinks he has me all figured out , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	And my blush deepened .
tr	PAST	Her nails scored the back of his hands as she gripped them tightly and raised her hips to meet every one of his dominant thrusts .
tr	PRES	Thalia mutters under her breath .
tr	PAST	The minute my lips formed a smile , I received a bunch in the jaw , then another .
tr	PRES	Oliver 's face is bloodied , Ethan lets out a low grunt as he slams his elbow into Oliver 's ribs .
tr	PRES	Finally , he clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Next he accused us of the deed , and we 'd have been executed for it if not for Eva 's rescue .
tr	PAST	She scribbled something in an illegible hand and looked up .
tr	PAST	Once again , she sensed nothing .
tr	PAST	Now she regarded him as the alien .
tr	PAST	Although , her room was going to be the last room that I cleaned out .
tr	PRES	" And angry wolves . "
tr	PAST	She fidgeted with her hands in her lap .
tr	PAST	These evening gloves cost a fortune , the bastard ! '
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	Its steady beat matched our steps .
tr	PRES	" Oh , yeah , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	' You ... have to , sweetie .
tr	PAST	He withdrew , lifted her gently in his arms , and carried her up the stairs to his loft bedroom .
tr	PRES	I feed her a bite .
tr	PAST	His free hand seized my bare shoulder , and his fingers dug in .
tr	PAST	She feebly massaged her temples .
tr	PAST	As she did so Sheena stiffened and looked at Jocelyn .
tr	PRES	He stands behind a desk and pulls out a stack of notebooks .
tr	PRES	He loves me , and I thought we were in love .
tr	PAST	She chattered a bit as he walked her to the car , and Slade hesitated .
tr	PAST	he rasped in exasperation .
tr	PRES	" It 's all about surprise with you , man , " Nine explains .
tr	PAST	Dario required a shove in the right direction .
tr	PRES	" Joanna likes Hart .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the idea of talking to her sister , of telling her that seeking a long-distance cure for a broken heart didn 't work .
tr	PRES	A sad look steals over Link 's face , knowing she is right .
tr	PAST	Her panting subsided and her heart slowed as she sat on a mound of moss between the tree roots , bow and quiver across her lap .
tr	PAST	His earpiece buzzed with chatter from the bomb squad as they discussed ways to either disable the device or contain the blast .
tr	PAST	Serenity clutched his words to her heart .
tr	PAST	Just then my cell phone vibrated on my rosewood side table .
tr	PAST	Take me , her eyes urged him .
tr	PRES	Since when do you quarantine a concussion ?
tr	PAST	He hopped off the back of my horse in a smooth motion .
tr	PAST	They stood in the dim light of the living room , the shutters casting shadowed lines across Caleb 's face .
tr	PRES	A minute later , she returns .
tr	PAST	A shiver of fear exploded up his spine , but Archie wasn 't about to be spooked by any sudden wind storm .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my skirt and sat down beside him .
tr	PRES	A few moments pass and the doubt begins to grow even larger within her .
tr	PAST	Love relayed another set of numbers .
tr	PRES	It falls away , scratching at its neck , eyes bulging as it suffocates .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Adam sighs .
tr	PAST	Chaos churned the thoughts in Genie 's head .
tr	PAST	Tibor replaced it in his case .
tr	PAST	I pretended to be skeptical , though this was precisely what we were after .
tr	PRES	" Oh , that ... Sofie likes to prepare for every possibility .
tr	PAST	Brick sensed a stitch waiting to nestle in his ribs .
tr	PRES	Marie lays a hand on my arm and I flinch away .
tr	PRES	She likes that cheap trick ?
tr	PRES	But you DID and then some .
tr	PRES	He stops , his bulky hand grasping onto the silver door handle of his office .
tr	PAST	She drooled slightly out of the corner of her mouth .
tr	PAST	Like fireworks their touch exploded - no wait , that sound did not come from within their lively imagination .
tr	PAST	How could he ever have doubted her ?
tr	PAST	" We - " Suddenly , with a startled grunt , he disappears , hauled through the panel by something on the other side .
tr	PAST	So I plunged in .
tr	PRES	When you cross such a line , you damage all of us .
tr	PAST	" They abandoned it .
tr	PAST	Daemon tensed and felt Surreal do the same .
tr	PAST	Yves stormed from the apartment .
tr	PRES	Each planet also uses a local system , of course . "
tr	PAST	I sobbed and I sobbed and I sobbed .
tr	PRES	One finger hooks into mine , buckling my knees with waves of excitement .
tr	PAST	The other girl had them too , rings of metal piled up around her black sneakers .
tr	PAST	Tiny beads of sweat collected along her brow and slid down her floury cheeks , landing on her bosom in little blobs of dough .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , as he barely managed to catch her before they fell to the floor together .
tr	PRES	Everyone always hates the fifth wheel . "
tr	PRES	She clutches her belongings a little more tightly and looks back up , still smiling .
tr	PAST	Head back , he trudged toward the dining room .
tr	PAST	' But you 're mistaken , ' a cool English voice intruded .
tr	PRES	Struck by his beauty , she pricks her finger on one of his arrows and is filled with a feverish passion for him .
tr	PRES	And whenever she 's around me , she tries to be strong .
tr	PAST	She flicked an irritated glance at her companion .
tr	PAST	His teeth chased the slippery glob around his mouth for a few chews then he swallowed .
tr	PAST	He froze , unable to move .
tr	PAST	Blanche storms off to the girls ' room in a huff , while Albert wanders into the lounge , leaving me alone with Ria .
tr	PAST	Louisa withdrew her hands from her sister 's grasp .
tr	PAST	She prayed that her father would eventually remarry and get on with his life without his daughter and crew .
tr	PRES	So basically in our country everyone learns to fly .
tr	PRES	' Maybe tidy the grave up . '
tr	PAST	As he gazed on looking up at the sky , three green shooting stars swooped by .
tr	PRES	Francesca and I lean against the countertop of the island .
tr	PRES	He comforts me as best he can and cries with me .
tr	PAST	" We 're here , " Hannah announced and she walked out the open lift doors and the other two followed her .
tr	PAST	He exited first so that he could help her down the stairs .
tr	PAST	" So because the idiot kissed you , they accused you of attacking him ? "
tr	PAST	" You want revenge , " she stated without inflection .
tr	PRES	Bobby Tatum , he sings by himself . "
tr	PRES	Once everyone has his or her vodka poured , Lennox holds hers up in a toast .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over her body and she felt shivers running down her spine .
tr	PRES	The fact that she even needs to think about it bothers me more than I can put into words .
tr	PAST	Jon tensed and slowly released Maryellen .
tr	PRES	After an hour the rain eases and moonlight breaks through the clouds .
tr	PRES	Eva stops in the middle of the room .
tr	PAST	Jaxon leaped up , sheer terror lending her the strength to move , when one wrapped around her ankle .
tr	PAST	Our population stabilized some years ago and now seems to be declining .
tr	PAST	The butler attended to their requirements with the same solicitous efficiency as always .
tr	PRES	she mouths at Jack .
tr	PAST	His deep blue eyes bore into hers .
tr	PAST	I preferred you blond . "
tr	PAST	The twins bounced over to the mirror above the sink .
tr	PAST	It pierced the sky , a spire of Air and Fire stretching toward the stars .
tr	PAST	" It 's warm enough to sleep in , " she countered , immediately feeling defensive .
tr	PRES	" Running wil get you nowhere , Precious .
tr	PRES	" I represent you . "
tr	PAST	He blamed me for the death of his wife .
tr	PAST	I slapped the door with the flat of my hand .
tr	PAST	Her fingers automatically wriggled to catch the light in the facets of the fabulous gem .
tr	PAST	Has he always painted ? "
tr	PAST	Gabriel instantly smacked me high on my right thigh .
tr	PRES	The elevator door opens on the 50th floor .
tr	PAST	Overwhelmed , he retreated back into himself .
tr	PAST	Good Lord , he could have stuffed all his military gear in that sack .
tr	PRES	It , s all much more mundane ... " " No , Jim , I , m not talking about them .
tr	PAST	The sun reflected brightly off its multi-faceted sides , making it hard to get a true idea of its shape .
tr	PAST	Gregori tugged at her long braid so that she tilted her head back .
tr	PRES	" Uh , never ? "
tr	PAST	She shone the pencil flashlight on the contents of her closet , taking care that no light was visible from the outer rooms .
tr	PRES	" But the sentiment stands .
tr	PRES	I settle her on top of the island counter before glancing down to make sure she hasn 't been cut .
tr	PRES	" Don 't go , " she begged softly .
tr	PRES	It ... pulses , in my mind , far off in the mountains .
tr	PRES	I simply compelled her to free her prisoner . "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it kind of late to be checking in at the office ? "
tr	PRES	Suddenly my ears prick up as an all too familiar tone of the one I seek roars .
tr	PAST	" I 'm perfectly all right , I promise , " Jenny reassured her as she awkwardly lowered herself to the ground .
tr	PAST	Pieces of ceiling plunged to the floor .
tr	PRES	He glides through the people , his haunting smile fixated on me .
tr	PAST	Several prowled the water near the edge of his perception , the largest around six or seven feet long .
tr	PRES	" I 'll tell you this much , " Aldershot teased .
tr	PAST	When he landed on the table , the thick soles from Reapers produced a vibration that shook the decor .
tr	PAST	She unzipped her boots and pulled them off and then shimmied out of her skirt until she was standing only in her black , lacy underwear .
tr	PRES	Or maybe the coroner . "
tr	PAST	He eyed us from where he stood - the distance between us only a few strides away .
tr	PAST	The movement shocks me and I move .
tr	PAST	The colliding union of these two opposing climatic conditions created a progeny of paralyzing blizzards , sub-zero cold and thick blankets of snow .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " Spencer mumbled , and set her head down on the cool oak table .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together with so much force the skin around his mouth turns white .
tr	PAST	She tugged once , and found nothing but limitations .
tr	PAST	Lauren exhaled hard and settled back into her seat .
tr	PRES	Then she sees my neck .
tr	PRES	" Because she 's yours , Abby .
tr	PAST	Your feet trod the soil -- make it your own !
tr	PAST	Pomeroy 's battlefield voice floated into the room accompanied by his heavy tread .
tr	PAST	Sabrina proceeded to give us a rundown on how she planned to sneak Sydney and Eddie in .
tr	PAST	" Somebody 's been in my house , " Bonnie screeched .
tr	PRES	Skyla crawls between my knees and conforms her body to mine .
tr	PRES	" You disagree with him . "
tr	PAST	As she looked at him , fear and desire mingled into a powerful toxin that rushed through her veins and sped towards her heart .
tr	PRES	" You assume correctly ; Yin and Yang were fine , as were the other three Werewolves standing in the Pit .
tr	PAST	Tonight she preferred to deal with hard facts .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and eased her over to the bed and gently lowered her to the mattress .
tr	PAST	Ronan inched his way around the smoldering pile of demons and kicked some aside so he could peer into the cage .
tr	PAST	He provided financially for us , we had a home , and when I wanted another child , he was always willing to help me with that .
tr	PRES	Everything about his current situation stank , but he was determined to figure it out and survive .
tr	PRES	Ha ha ha ! "
tr	PRES	She shudders a little , suddenly acutely aware of the inhumane coldness , the savagery and malevolence , of Charlie 's crowd of friends .
tr	PAST	The stone exploded with light , shrouding the dusk and illuminating the waters below .
tr	PRES	The corvette fits the requirement of the Philippine Navy .
tr	PRES	Maybe you can call somebody for help , " Snake lashes out again .
tr	PAST	The trapper attempted to speak , but his voice came out in a croak .
tr	PRES	Luke stops walking and his eyes darken .
tr	PRES	" Go fuck yourself , Onyx .
tr	PRES	Then he laughs , a deep rumbling chuckle so different from Patrick 's laugh that I jump in surprise .
tr	PAST	And then the figure leaped off the porch and began running toward us , and I knew it was Nick .
tr	PAST	" Check a mirror , " she taunted back .
tr	PAST	Iseo reflected on her visions , how he came to be ... his birth .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	" Are you hungry , Harriet ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on the angry sway of her hips and her curvy behind .
tr	PRES	Wallace talks about this message to the other chess players .
tr	PAST	The cell phone buzzed again .
tr	PRES	" Elbert Rhodes ? "
tr	PRES	It barrels towards Elis , its jagged teeth gleaming under the moon light .
tr	PAST	It cowered on the floor at his feet , urinating with fear , too terrified to move .
tr	PRES	Our secrets belong to me and the walls of our house .
tr	PAST	Diego unbuttoned , unzipped , and let his pants drop .
tr	PRES	But why in so clumsy a fashion ?
tr	PAST	Let 's fix this , " she urged .
tr	PAST	" That 's right , my love , " she crooned softly , urging his massive head into her lap as she stroked his fur .
tr	PAST	Gregor flagged down a cab and they piled into the backseat .
tr	PAST	Weil stiffened , too .
tr	PRES	Although he said the words gently , they stung .
tr	PRES	" Kinda wished I 'd gotten drunk last night after all , " Rachel teased .
tr	PAST	He waddled closer to Zoey .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	" I just ... I love you , " he whispers , not able to look at me .
tr	PAST	They advanced on him with careful precision , working as a team .
tr	PAST	Keegan , his ever faithful wolf and seeing dog , yawned before rising to his feet .
tr	PRES	Shelby likes hot cocoa with lots of whipped cream , so make sure she has enough . "
tr	PRES	" So he tattoos her , kills her and inks a triangle in her palm to summon a demon .
tr	PAST	The Jeep bounced over ruts and pits .
tr	PRES	They teach the young ones much .
tr	PAST	It exploded inside of him , shouting in celebration .
tr	PAST	I flicked off the headlamp .
tr	PAST	Shay slowly absorbed the words .
tr	PAST	He scoffed bitterly at her .
tr	PRES	He 's exactly as smart as I imagined , he just plays at being dumb .
tr	PAST	His hand snaked out , fingers settling around her wrist .
tr	PAST	That 's the ability that awed Lucifer so much , " she revealed in a singsong voice , a smug smile on her face .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through her medicine bag .
tr	PAST	" Maybe he lied to me . "
tr	PAST	His breath was heavy and steady , his hands balled into fists that pumped back and forth with every step .
tr	PRES	While we walked down the corridor , I tagged behind so I could have a word with Steve .
tr	PRES	He tries to fight , but is no match for the strength and savagery being delivered .
tr	PRES	" Time to die , bro ! "
tr	PAST	Final y , though , the cold , wind , and noise faded away , replaced by soft , soothing , quiet warmth .
tr	PAST	" I 'm better , " Razia countered , angrily .
tr	PAST	" He drugged me , Sawyer .
tr	PRES	Says Emmet , sounding shocked .
tr	PAST	I scampered back into the garage , opened the garage door , and revved the battered Mini Cooper .
tr	PRES	He opens the closet door .
tr	PRES	" And that bothers you ? "
tr	PAST	She crawled over to her bed and shimmied underneath to plug the phone in , half expecting the outlet to zap and spark .
tr	PAST	Godel proved a number of propositions mathematically , for which he is both famous and infamous .
tr	PRES	" The cathedral ! "
tr	PRES	" Mr. Jacobs ? "
tr	PAST	She cringed as soon as the words were out of her mouth .
tr	PRES	He pushes it towards me .
tr	PAST	He storms over and throws it into my lap .
tr	PRES	The smile melts from my face as I step forward and graze him with my lips .
tr	PRES	He reaches out for my arm and this time , his long fingers wrap around my wrist and pull me to him .
tr	PAST	Like instinct , Kara giggled .
tr	PRES	" We just cal him daddy . "
tr	PRES	He just likes a good fight . "
tr	PRES	" How about you Larry ? "
tr	PRES	" Laser turret , " I hiss back .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , on a girls ' team , " Tommy taunts back .
tr	PAST	A cloud of the stuff swirled up around us when I slid to a stop in front of her .
tr	PRES	Miriam dives for her legs and holds on tightly .
tr	PRES	" Good fortune . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't call me that , " I mutter , loathing that he used the full name my mother used to call me all the time .
tr	PAST	Before I could say anything , Mary Alice 's mother swooped down on us in a rush of oily flesh and rapid Italian .
tr	PAST	Guy yawned and rose to a standing position .
tr	PAST	She squinted at the rim of flaming orange that burned like a promise across the city skyline .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth on a sob that almost escaped , forced steadiness in her voice .
tr	PAST	Bash grunted and sank to the floor .
tr	PAST	" I doona see anything , " he gritted out .
tr	PRES	" Opposites attract in a big way .
tr	PAST	He slowed down enough for her to hear him .
tr	PRES	" 1 ... 2 ... 3 . "
tr	PRES	" And you , too , Pierce .
tr	PRES	For long periods he remains closed in his office which forms one corner of the space .
tr	PAST	One of the guys from the Acolyte group plopped down on the other side of me .
tr	PAST	He emerged from the staircase , stepping on the upper deck .
tr	PRES	He looked freshly washed too , his hair fabulously messy , but still slightly damp .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Viktor .
tr	PRES	" Why me , Demetri ?
tr	PRES	He snarled softly , his eyes pitch black .
tr	PRES	The scent of him fills the air between us and I feel charmed .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Bethany urged us forward .
tr	PRES	" She wants you , " Lily teased .
tr	PRES	It kills me to hear the guilt speaking these words inspires in his voice .
tr	PAST	I lied as a new kind of fear came over me .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed I 'd be taken prisoner by a race of hostile aliens .
tr	PAST	The woman announced with a triumphant little chuckle as she held a cell phone above her head .
tr	PAST	If the ghost had remembered anything of their earlier conversation , he doubted that she would have waited until then to remark on it .
tr	PAST	Andra collapsed to her knees at the window .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , savoring the scents of grass and dust and nature all around .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't , " Emma whispers as she feels a piercing pain as the Brian runs the blade across her wrist .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , sis .
tr	PRES	It also houses the children of those sent to live on the islands .
tr	PRES	A lot nicer . "
tr	PRES	Back in the car , he offers to buy his best girl a piece of pie at the local Big Boy .
tr	PAST	The evacuation ship exploded .
tr	PRES	They danced and chanted .
tr	PAST	Three computer screens glowed .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed again .
tr	PAST	Kylie stormed through the door , then swung around .
tr	PRES	His eyes nearly bulge out of their sockets .
tr	PRES	And the rain , the light sweet rain begins to fall .
tr	PRES	And she almost always wears skirts and dresses and khaki slacks , not jeans .
tr	PRES	" What of the mortal families ? "
tr	PAST	The polished surface reflected his poignant image as vivid as a mirror .
tr	PAST	I scrolled down my screen with my thumb .
tr	PAST	" No , my wolf " " Is named Vane ? "
tr	PAST	All the frustration he 'd grappled with for months roared to life .
tr	PAST	Hiding a smile , Daemon stuffed his hands in his pockets and scuffed his gleaming black shoe against the kitchen floor .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a set of plush chairs by the fire , and Nolen happily took the one closest to the heat .
tr	PRES	" So ... " Ketchup starts .
tr	PAST	He claimed he was from a research center for psychics and that they wanted to help her .
tr	PRES	" You 're a poster boy for a brooding artist , " she teased me .
tr	PRES	Kai stands before one door and March stands before the other .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps in my chest , and I take in my setting once more .
tr	PRES	My head tingles with anticipation .
tr	PAST	He flicked his thumb over the rose tip of her breast and she moaned .
tr	PRES	High in the saddle Viktor rode , Romani style , all caution abandoned , Romulus racing after him .
tr	PAST	I all but assaulted his girl and I 'm sure he just wants me to admit that .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Miss Cameron .
tr	PRES	Exhibit : The two women skittering backward on their hands and feet , chests up , moving like crabs .
tr	PAST	The silver eyes moved over Mikhail , then sought the night .
tr	PRES	Insecurity rises to the surface first .
tr	PAST	Dragos grunted his approval .
tr	PAST	She code named the impressive virus " Intruder " .
tr	PAST	He tensed a little , and then he let out a harsh breath .
tr	PAST	The book described a great old tree , and she felt the tree 's roots growing winding inside her .
tr	PAST	Cool air dusted her spine .
tr	PRES	" Let me ... add to my argument . "
tr	PAST	Sam produced a roll of duct tape which he used to tape her wrists behind her back , and her ankles .
tr	PRES	I waited another few minutes until the siren relaxed , its voice fading until it disappeared .
tr	PRES	Sean Kendrick holds my gaze a second longer , and then he strides away from the crowd .
tr	PAST	Dario unzipped his backpack and pulled his shirt out as proof of some wrong doing on her part .
tr	PRES	I 'm usually so smooth , " he mutters , releasing me to run a hand over his head in apparent bafflement .
tr	PAST	He quickly quit OPD and opened his own firm .
tr	PAST	Simon 's gaze jolted toward her with the outburst .
tr	PRES	Serena lays her head back against hard rock .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think the neighbors heard , " I mutter hopping into the truck .
tr	PAST	" This better be good , " Bryson announced .
tr	PAST	It plunged again roaring over the rocks and continuously flowed forth then gushing in the wide channel under the dark Lindens .
tr	PRES	The other survivors ... " He frowned heavily .
tr	PAST	Noll sighted down the length of the crossbow bolt with both eyes open .
tr	PRES	Once inside the baby , the microbe slowly kills it . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she said , her eyelids drooping .
tr	PRES	In general , the fewer people who would see a structure , the less it mattered if it was outdated .
tr	PAST	His amused expression dared me to continue lying .
tr	PAST	Coffee sloshed down my wrist , and I snatched a tissue from one of the many boxes scattered around the room to blot at it .
tr	PAST	Bo tipped his head to the side , his lips thinning .
tr	PRES	The bike with the sidecar blocks the main entrance to the hospital .
tr	PAST	She wriggled until he relaxed his hold on her , then got to her feet and reached out for his hand .
tr	PAST	His hands and feet bore heavy blackened claws .
tr	PAST	Zack regarded her a moment .
tr	PAST	His eyes reflected a stark hunger , and lines of pain were etched onto his face .
tr	PAST	I hollered and yelled .
tr	PAST	I faltered when I reached her side and threw my hands out to catch myself .
tr	PRES	" Would you tempt me and then offer no sustenance ? "
tr	PAST	He proceeded to do so .
tr	PRES	The roped end of the mop drips dirty water all over my leg as I reach for the doorknob .
tr	PRES	The heat flashes through my stomach as I arch my back , begging him to touch me .
tr	PAST	A great fatigue washed over me , and I fell back to sleep .
tr	PAST	A slight smile tugged at the corners of his mouth .
tr	PRES	I 'm keeping you here because it 's safe , " I rumble , leaning my head back in frustration .
tr	PAST	A sense of freedom washed over her .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	He opens the bag , takes out a muffin , and hands it to me .
tr	PAST	" Neither did John and Mary , " she sobbed lightly .
tr	PAST	You abandoned her when she needed you most .
tr	PAST	Still reeling , Grace related the story back .
tr	PAST	He seized a thick , heavy wooden pole , laid ready to be planted in the earth as part of the palisade .
tr	PRES	She throws her hood back , turns her head back and forth , all so I can get a good luck at how terrifying she looks .
tr	PAST	He massaged the stiff back of his neck .
tr	PAST	Then a new Jewish King emerged called Herod the Great ; who took the renovation of the temple to a new level .
tr	PAST	The kid motioned for him to step inside .
tr	PRES	Emerson 's expression slowly changes as my words sink in .
tr	PRES	He helps me to the car .
tr	PAST	" Religion 's just a fact like any other , " Prue countered .
tr	PRES	She likes to show off that she 's equal , also .
tr	PRES	Five now , five when the trial is over . "
tr	PAST	' I electrocuted the Commander accidentally . '
tr	PRES	I smack him on the arm playfully and then look at him intensely .
tr	PAST	On the walls above , the wardens cheered as the rushing waters of the Seneca Inlet began to flow freely once more .
tr	PAST	The next second , a blast shattered through the comm speakers .
tr	PRES	This last notion begins to worry me .
tr	PRES	" Did it scare you ? "
tr	PRES	" Did you say that you have been living in tents your whole lives ? "
tr	PAST	She sought the right words , the right feelings ... Do not !
tr	PAST	I slowed , scanning the horizon as the noises grew louder behind us .
tr	PRES	Then , by a frenzied course of events , it bereft both of them of all hope .
tr	PAST	From the beginning , we opted for the lintels .
tr	PRES	Before I can take a breath , the door bursts open and Andrew is on Jonathan .
tr	PAST	And perhaps she surmised that , in any case , she was dead and would never get to imbibe such things again .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Tiber ? "
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered , now fully realizing this was but another wonderfully crafted and expertly performed work of theater .
tr	PAST	I named him Sherlock because he 's constantly digging into things . "
tr	PRES	As the family struggles in their new roles , Mia quickly learns that certain demons can truly rip the souls from their victims .
tr	PAST	He dove suddenly and wrapped his arms around my legs .
tr	PRES	The slow shake of her head terrifies me .
tr	PAST	He ruffled her hair until she pulled away , smiling .
tr	PRES	You belong to me and me to you . "
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , baby , " he murmurs , sounding really groggy .
tr	PAST	" So , Sir Knight , do you play chess ? "
tr	PRES	Everything barely fits on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	Naturally , he awoke to a state of complete and utter discomfort , though this time it had nothing to do with his clothing .
tr	PAST	inquired the officer with a mixture of curiosity and doubt .
tr	PAST	Lady Kathryn floated around the room , looking much like one of the ghosts in Disneyland 's Haunted Mansion as she flitted about .
tr	PAST	Although he was handsome , her attention constantly strayed back to the brunette .
tr	PAST	" Not now , you twit , " Tristan gritted without ever slowing his pace .
tr	PAST	He looked like a statue in a church , his hands clasped in front of him .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something incoherent .
tr	PRES	We settle disputes over the council table now instead of on the battlefield .
tr	PRES	" But they don 't know we weren 't going to go to the authorities with what we suspected , " Delilah whispered , her lip quivering .
tr	PRES	Which finally brings me to tonight .
tr	PRES	Chapter 13 Vera Remembering Vera Mae hears noises outside the room .
tr	PRES	" Don 't encourage him , " she murmurs .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PAST	" Tats and names aside , Girard produced an absolutely gorgeous wedding .
tr	PAST	Her eyes dimmed , squinting , gazing through the girl , scrutinizing each small movement in her reaction to the drawing .
tr	PRES	Ron points to a guy on his left .
tr	PAST	The story exploded right in front of his eyes .
tr	PRES	Also indentured servitude is linked to a specific debt , " he tries to clarify .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this your fiancé , Lydia ? "
tr	PAST	Skylar ambled into the room to check in on her .
tr	PAST	To them , women and children represented what they were fighting for .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't have to get me anything , " Beth exclaimed , though her face softened in pleasure .
tr	PAST	The jeep sped down the dirt road , heading for open grassland .
tr	PRES	" Like elves ? "
tr	PRES	The centipede creeps back .
tr	PRES	" I assume there are dental records ? "
tr	PAST	He swiped his claws through the air .
tr	PAST	As suddenly as this unexplainable desire came over her , she conquered it , and brought her attention back to the scenery before them .
tr	PAST	She grunted and cried through the whole motion .
tr	PRES	" To second meetings .
tr	PAST	Ali 's words pierced my ears with a suggestion that I 'd never even thought of before .
tr	PAST	Thorin wielded his axe with mighty strokes , and nothing seemed to harm him .
tr	PAST	" Colonel , would you be so good as to have a large tent erected here ? "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " Cherie whispers as she releases me .
tr	PAST	Wulf reloaded his clip and fired more rounds .
tr	PAST	A smile as cruel and cold as a winter morning curved her lips .
tr	PAST	I dialed Annette 's phone .
tr	PAST	Kylie experienced the tiniest bit of relief when the crowd stopped staring and started shuffling around , reaching for purses and backpacks .
tr	PRES	I wiggle out of his embrace and head outside .
tr	PRES	We never tire so we never sleep . "
tr	PRES	My wife sighs and stares at her cereal .
tr	PRES	So many here pine for what you have truly seen .
tr	PRES	A bit of a joker by all accounts but clever .
tr	PAST	More clipped Russian words , and then he lost all control , driving his shoulder into the back of her knee and hammering into her even faster .
tr	PAST	After a few seconds the four screws holding the door handle very slowly unscrewed themselves .
tr	PAST	You must come up with something ... , " he slurred and then drifted off again .
tr	PRES	Did you swim to school ? "
tr	PRES	Now he reaches out to trace his fingers up my bare arm until he reaches the strap that binds my wrist in place .
tr	PAST	He flung his little arms around his father 's neck and snuggled his head close .
tr	PRES	" You will see my appreciation at sunrise , " he concludes , entering the throne room without them .
tr	PAST	Her vision flared brightly , then collapsed into a black hole , dragging her consciousness away with it .
tr	PAST	He then inched the letter back into position , careful not to cause a disturbance .
tr	PAST	Her small cries transformed to sobs .
tr	PRES	The excitement in her voice almost matches mine .
tr	PRES	" There 's no ' just in case , " ' Gabe snaps back .
tr	PAST	But as soon as she touched Emma , Becky disintegrated into a heap of ash .
tr	PRES	Now -- " " The easier for the haves to look down on the have-nots , eh ?
tr	PAST	Liam 's gaze flicked over to his wife .
tr	PRES	" That pretty much sums up my feelings right now .
tr	PAST	Running never solved anything . "
tr	PAST	She froze , the pistol in her hand and her finger on the trigger .
tr	PRES	So she climbs back out of the car .
tr	PRES	All the while the rubbery , hard skin fades from black to a more human-like complexion .
tr	PRES	They crash into me and our limbs get entangled .
tr	PAST	Crashes of lightning chased behind him , biting at his ankles .
tr	PAST	Perry 's voice bounced off the earthen walls of the pit .
tr	PAST	He handled them carefully , almost reverently .
tr	PRES	The path begins at the story 's ending .
tr	PRES	Linus stands staring not knowing what to do .
tr	PRES	" The witch ! "
tr	PAST	She blanched at the suggestion .
tr	PRES	I sputter the words in a desperate panic .
tr	PRES	The voice recognition system in the projector recognizes Leon 's tone .
tr	PRES	The path carries up and along as the river drops below it , getting deeper and faster and turning into rapids .
tr	PRES	Thomas Pepper draws close , dangerously close to discovering the answers to the three questions that everyone in the country wants to know .
tr	PAST	" He 's asking where you 've been , " relayed Pauline .
tr	PRES	He pushes his nose toward Prince , nuzzling into his chest .
tr	PRES	Like always , she wears a fitted blue hoodie and even tighter blue jeans .
tr	PRES	" Alien pajamas ? "
tr	PRES	" One good turn deserves another .
tr	PRES	" I checked my email account at school , " she explains as she hands me a piece of paper .
tr	PRES	He tries to listen .
tr	PAST	What was surprising was the quicksilver flash of heat and need that had rushed through her the moment his mouth claimed hers .
tr	PAST	I served those men and women for most of my life .
tr	PAST	" You 're going to have to , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" Only four of them are violent , captain , but I am afraid there are nine at large .
tr	PRES	She points toward the wall to indicate the village women as a whole and adds , " Sweet bread .
tr	PRES	I wipe the drying tears from my eyes and swollen cheek as I shake my head .
tr	PRES	The coals in my stomach crackle with heat .
tr	PAST	Josh slowly regained balance , but I ran to embrace him , almost toppling us both down on the ground .
tr	PRES	The clank of the steel swords slamming against each other rang in my ears .
tr	PAST	Claire thanked her for that bit of information .
tr	PAST	But little though Laurence felt able to form his own conclusions , the conversation served another purpose for him .
tr	PAST	She yawned again , lustily this time , and scrubbed her hands through her hair .
tr	PAST	My lungs seized as Seth 's head kicked back , the veins in his throat protruding .
tr	PAST	" You know what they say , " the other demon countered .
tr	PRES	I think I 'm blushing this time , " he teased and playfully brushed her chin with his knuckle .
tr	PRES	She also offers to trade my empty bottle for a full one .
tr	PRES	In the height of summer , though , the snow melts -- most of it , anyway -- and you can climb the trails to the summit .
tr	PAST	A new yellow Land Rover sped away from the airport .
tr	PAST	I eyed the shoes with awe .
tr	PAST	He collapsed behind the car and rubbed the flesh around his ankle , trying to massage out the pain .
tr	PRES	Down , down below , an icy river washes through a bed of grass - lush and verdant .
tr	PAST	The bowling ball -- the older man 's body or head -- bounced down the stairs .
tr	PRES	" Come for me , Sunshine .
tr	PAST	" Mine almost named me John Hancock instead of Tony Hancock . "
tr	PRES	Just a bit queasy . "
tr	PAST	Sakura cocked her head to one side and then gave Tara a lovely fake smile .
tr	PRES	" Because I value your friendship too much . "
tr	PAST	Her nearly invisible body floated effortlessly .
tr	PAST	And I underestimated Powell . "
tr	PAST	Tell him another possum 's punched a new hole in the ceiling in the ED , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	" I almost came over to your hammock and dumped you out , " he teased .
tr	PRES	His hand falls from his head to the table .
tr	PAST	I fling my hand over my mouth .
tr	PAST	Edna produced the warning call of the small finch , watching the man for any response .
tr	PRES	She stops to take another drink .
tr	PAST	He then reversed the swing to slam the flat of the axe across the other side of the shaman 's face .
tr	PRES	" But it holds an even bigger mystery for me . "
tr	PRES	A small grin plays on his lips .
tr	PAST	We pretended not to see it .
tr	PRES	She holds out a newspaper , the Oxford Student logo clear on the front .
tr	PRES	" Don 't underestimate yourself , " she teased .
tr	PRES	The cold air and the hot kisses crash together .
tr	PAST	How I handled your loneliness .
tr	PAST	Maureen extended her hand .
tr	PAST	What your father did destroyed Alice .
tr	PAST	It proved to be a mistake .
tr	PRES	Can 't you even grumble and complain ? "
tr	PRES	In smaller font it states that additional consequences can be assessed depending on the nature of the situation .
tr	PRES	" You could use a little help , lass .
tr	PAST	He awoke in a cold sweat the following morning .
tr	PRES	" Lower drawer of the liquor cabinet .
tr	PRES	The Inquisitor draws his sword and moves toward Violetta .
tr	PRES	Like freshly cleaned window panes .
tr	PRES	" It 's a beanie , " I correct her .
tr	PAST	' Oh dear , ' she exclaimed in a very insincere manner .
tr	PAST	The wall has slowly inched its way across approximately a quarter of the floor when it abruptly stops .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed just as Jason finished reading the latest issue of one of the veterinary periodicals he subscribed to .
tr	PAST	Hugh doubted he could take him a second time , especially since he appeared to be stone sober at the moment .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately her distraction cost her .
tr	PAST	When Winkler went with him to explain why he 'd gone missing , Adele treated the whole thing lightly .
tr	PRES	Down the table , Five chuckles .
tr	PAST	I can see it now , matchmaking services based on what you eat . "
tr	PAST	He reappeared in a far corner , raking a hand through his heavy fall of hair .
tr	PAST	First , she washed his face , his arms , and his hands .
tr	PRES	That effectively stops your gills from working and emitting bubbles .
tr	PRES	Vivid flashes revive the place for a few minutes , just enough to open a narrow passage .
tr	PRES	When I go to move the blanket she stops me by cuddling back into my body .
tr	PAST	Sally pretended to be really interested in the dust from the fire .
tr	PRES	" The trees provide good cover , and the wall isn 't bad .
tr	PAST	This ultrasound revealed nothing abnormal , either .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 've come to speak with Achilles ? "
tr	PAST	A firecracker boomed in the distance .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and wipes away some of his tears , yet they continue to stream down his face .
tr	PAST	Of course , Eric 's claimed them all , and I 'm sure not Challenging him . "
tr	PAST	He never abused a human that didn 't agree to it and he never would have possessed a blood slave .
tr	PRES	" You 're as cruel as they say , Eugenie Thorn Queen .
tr	PRES	Malice shone in eyes that were once bright and full of joy .
tr	PRES	" He never talks about his family . "
tr	PRES	" No interruptions ? "
tr	PAST	John cocked his head to one side , listened then announced , " Someone has died . "
tr	PRES	" I assume he doesn 't know this ? "
tr	PAST	Abby swiped the tears off her cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Come with us , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Gema reflected on this as she walked up Bath Street in the direction of the police station .
tr	PRES	But , now he talks about other things as well .
tr	PRES	You concocted this farce for one purpose : to usurp power .
tr	PRES	" Clark 's DNA matches the sample found under Trina Simms 's fingernails . "
tr	PRES	" Of course Dean Jacobs . "
tr	PAST	Immediately , pain exploded from me like it hadn 't in years .
tr	PRES	Above the constant stream rumble a thump , thump , thump sounded in the distance .
tr	PAST	Nuala crouched on the edge of the stage , looking predatory , and we ran through the first scene .
tr	PAST	She hopped , holding on to him , and positioned herself inside the parallel bars .
tr	PAST	The gnome clutched his sack protectively .
tr	PAST	Looping her arm though mine , she tugged me in the direction of the door .
tr	PRES	Marcie portraits , Marcie furniture , Marcie odors .
tr	PAST	Ezio 's sword bounced away .
tr	PAST	Ignoring Carlos , Steven scooted his seat closer to mine and drew my attention to an iPad on his lap .
tr	PRES	Until we know where Mitchell is , we shouldn 't disturb him , making him unstable carries a big risk for your son .
tr	PRES	" Good morning , your Highness . "
tr	PAST	Mac 's lush lips curved in a devilish smile .
tr	PAST	His proximity messed with her head , making her slightly dizzy .
tr	PRES	I blurt out , intent on diverting his attention from me and my perverted mind .
tr	PAST	" How we met at a local faire , and promptly dismissed one another as being far too stuck up for our tastes . "
tr	PAST	But then the bus slowed down and came to a stop at the side of the road .
tr	PAST	Keith blanched but nodded .
tr	PAST	Priests and ancestors fled as the ground began to shake .
tr	PAST	" I 'm waiting , " she lied , knowing she 'd no plans to ever tell the coven .
tr	PAST	Corinne blamed herself , believing she simply didn 't have a strong sex drive .
tr	PAST	In lieu of sitting in a bench facing forward , I opted for one of the side seats .
tr	PAST	Squires stood , arms cuffed behind him , and snarled when Brooks appeared .
tr	PRES	' Since when has being in possession of an old raincoat been a crime ? '
tr	PAST	He cocked his head like he was looking up at the moon .
tr	PRES	Every organ in my body falls to the floor .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 16 This world fades into beautiful darkness , just nothing and more nothing .
tr	PRES	The steward returns with all four passports and wants to chat .
tr	PRES	" All nonsense . "
tr	PAST	I stormed to the front door and turned the handle .
tr	PRES	" Good fortune . "
tr	PAST	Jude gritted his teeth and growled .
tr	PAST	' Oh , that was Old Twister , ' another grizzled angler immediately identified the fish .
tr	PAST	The guards had neared the area of interest .
tr	PRES	I analyze every little piece of evidence until I make sense of it .
tr	PAST	He still clutched the cross in his hand .
tr	PRES	A moment of silence passes between them .
tr	PAST	One by one he compared their voices with the one in his head .
tr	PRES	" The flu ? "
tr	PAST	I sigh , snuggling closer to Dad , resting my head on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Jazz though longingly of on-demand morphine .
tr	PAST	The ticket nearly cleaned out her savings , but she 'd just paid rent , and all of her other bills were up to date .
tr	PAST	Marcia 's wide eyes reflected her surprise .
tr	PRES	The calming sound of his voice finally helps me relax .
tr	PAST	He massaged her skin and she sighed in contentment .
tr	PRES	" Matter backup , just in case . "
tr	PRES	" You can 't stop me , " I protest .
tr	PRES	I know , " she mumbled against her forearm .
tr	PRES	" Don 't flirt with me , Jess .
tr	PRES	He pushes out of the spring , water plopping onto the rocks .
tr	PRES	" Good thing you 're not drinking then , eh ? "
tr	PAST	Beth stormed into Nicole 's office late Monday afternoon and hurled a sheaf of papers across her desk .
tr	PAST	I yell , jumping down the other side .
tr	PAST	Herr 'D on charged down the hillside adjoining the monastery , tripping over fallen rock and clambering through the dust and smoke .
tr	PAST	It featured a drop dead gorgeous young woman , with a medium dark complexion , and wavy hair that split the difference between brown and black .
tr	PAST	Spencer sniffed back tears .
tr	PRES	" Could it wiggle the fingers ? "
tr	PAST	We emailed a few times .
tr	PRES	I add that to his list .
tr	PRES	And he also washes his ears and wears clean shirts .
tr	PRES	I exhale then climb the short wall and stand .
tr	PAST	" If we talk about the bird too much it might end up here with us , " Chris joked .
tr	PAST	More volumes piled up in Bryony 's arms .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Mage .
tr	PRES	" Night , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	" You protected her all these years by sheltering her death .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Robbie ?
tr	PAST	Immediately two women served them coffee and rolls , then scooted away .
tr	PAST	My mouth parted on a gasp and the kiss deepened , stealing my breath .
tr	PRES	Being popular is not a negative but having it as the sole aim , removes the work from the sphere of art .
tr	PAST	Was the conversation stilted ? "
tr	PAST	She froze , then hurriedly scanned the sheet , certain she was about to find a record of a return trip from N.Y. detailed there somewhere .
tr	PRES	He glances at me for the first time and I have no idea how to read him .
tr	PRES	The ship lurches a few times , and then it feels like we are free of the roof .
tr	PAST	she enquired , apparently determined to have a conversation .
tr	PRES	A voice whispers in the shadows .
tr	PAST	Nathan and Mia both chimed in with wanting to take a cigarette break .
tr	PAST	He supported most of my weight as I reached a hand up , threading my fingers through the hair resting against the nape of his neck .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the house .
tr	PAST	I even pinched my arm once to make sure I wasn 't hallucinating .
tr	PAST	" Yes , they renovated this room in the late 20s .
tr	PAST	And now they protected people ?
tr	PAST	When that moment came , his muscles tensed in preparation .
tr	PRES	" Don 't lie to your father , Charlotte , it 's beneath you , " Mom teased .
tr	PRES	The tables arrive tomorrow . "
tr	PAST	Sometimes Peter doubted she was Caitlin 's daughter .
tr	PAST	Edward extended the middle finger of his right hand .
tr	PAST	Mary cocked her head to one side as she studied Sakura 's chest .
tr	PRES	Then the Pretty Robotics model summons a vehicle for me , and I step onto the platform to wait .
tr	PAST	Aria sniffed and stared at her lap .
tr	PAST	Cassie 's mouth curved into a cruel smile as her head tilted to the side .
tr	PRES	I fumble for my seat belt .
tr	PAST	Which circled back to the question of why she really was staying at The Tavern .
tr	PAST	She stripped off her jeans and blouse and slid nude into the pool .
tr	PAST	Graham slapped the deck of cards down on the table .
tr	PAST	He still bore a striking resemblance to Ty , though his hair was a little longer and lighter , and he was taller and thinner .
tr	PAST	Instead , I emailed my brother and sister-in-law to let them know that I was settled in and had made it through the first day .
tr	PRES	" Mom will be happy for you , " Margaret mumbled .
tr	PAST	She feared fusion would only bring fission , with the mass deficits too great and the energy spent too consuming to make the romantic endeavor worthwhile .
tr	PRES	The jolt throws our heads to the side , and I hear my children 's necks snap in the back seat .
tr	PRES	She pushes her head back a notch , as if I 've just verbally assaulted her .
tr	PRES	He collects a plate from the cupboard above the sink .
tr	PRES	She falls to her knees , next to Ervin 's body .
tr	PRES	Or her choking back tears .
tr	PAST	She served eggshells with my eggs for breakfast . "
tr	PRES	" I -- I ... " I stammered , his eyes flaring as if I did something wrong .
tr	PRES	She relaxes her hand .
tr	PRES	" Maybe something lighter ? "
tr	PAST	" Ask him yourself , " Brandon grunted .
tr	PRES	He ruffled his dark hair and smiled in his way , lopsided , confident and shy all at the same time .
tr	PRES	Mom clears her throat with a quick cough and adjusts the floral dress over her slim figure .
tr	PAST	" I 'm doing this because it may be the only hope we have , " I gritted through clenched teeth .
tr	PAST	Jacques , bleeding and in agony , lying so pale and gray with scarlet beads of perspiration coating his body , attempted to sit up .
tr	PAST	Rachel slapped her hands against the window , bracing herself .
tr	PAST	" They already stole the computers from my place , so we know that 's one place they would go .
tr	PRES	In her hand a cocktail , with an orange slice on the rim .
tr	PAST	A true geek , or nerd , as he proudly referred to himself .
tr	PAST	As it was , she absorbed every detail as she reached a wraparound terrace from which every aspect of the magnificent property could be seen .
tr	PRES	' Our best estimate ?
tr	PAST	Claire Collins dumped Randy Gentry again after she found incriminating pictures of the cheerleading squad on his cellphone .
tr	PRES	She sighs , a shaky sound in the dark .
tr	PAST	We pooled our credit cards together and bought your passage on the cruise ship .
tr	PRES	" Will it involve " -- here she blushed furiously -- " cruelty or violence , or pain ? "
tr	PRES	With a short clank , the gate opens up .
tr	PRES	Elaine 's brows knit into a frown at those words , and she gave me a slow and reluctant nod .
tr	PAST	Unable to restrain herself , Emma dragged in a deep breath and screamed out in panic , " I lied !
tr	PRES	" And that pirate ? "
tr	PRES	" Uncle Crowe ? "
tr	PAST	She ceased her tirade and her voice became gentle and grateful once again , " I 'm sorry .
tr	PAST	I twirled Mr. Hodge in the air and put him back in my holster .
tr	PAST	His palms glided toward the juncture , spreading her wider as he went until her soft woman 's flesh lay open and glistening before him .
tr	PRES	In fact his eyes shone with desperation .
tr	PAST	She almost slapped him .
tr	PRES	She stands and stretches , then takes her cup to the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Patrick " Jade ! "
tr	PRES	I strain as pleasant a smile as I can manage .
tr	PRES	No one likes tonguing an ashtray . "
tr	PAST	" From thy grandmother , who worked with a doctor in England , " Sarah claimed , leaving out the word healer .
tr	PRES	She loves you and is hurt as well .
tr	PAST	" But I 'm here now , " he mumbled , his eyes struggling to stay open .
tr	PAST	She slowed to let the others take more of a lead .
tr	PAST	Not like Tobias , who is almost shy when he smiles , like he is surprised you bothered to look at him in the first place .
tr	PAST	Through it charged Matt Zima , Captain of the Bronx Homicide Division .
tr	PAST	But it wasn 't animals these people should question , Cora pondered .
tr	PRES	The young yogi folds the paper and puts it in his pocket .
tr	PAST	" Ah , you 're still here , " exclaimed Mikhail , hurrying into the room .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	" You admired her , " Gabriel surmised .
tr	PRES	He owes me that much .
tr	PAST	Her hair flicked near Fintan 's face .
tr	PRES	And then little hands settle on each of my shoulders .
tr	PAST	The Doberman sloshed through the dirty water fiercely as he barked his threats .
tr	PRES	" Worry about your child , cry for him , shout out your frustration .
tr	PRES	" Let me think ... um ... no . "
tr	PRES	" Look , Mitch .
tr	PAST	' Oh yeah , ' Foxy eyed him suspiciously , ' what sort of favour ? '
tr	PRES	Really , " I emphasize .
tr	PRES	" Is there an echo ? "
tr	PRES	If that 's the case , I 'm just fucking dead , ok ?
tr	PRES	Too bad the dash lights shone on her empty ring finger .
tr	PRES	These creatures bathe in moonlight , dark creatures of the night .
tr	PAST	With wide eyes filling with tears , Tatiana beheld the benefit of Cian 's newfound gift .
tr	PRES	A dim wash of light poured out and onto the fabricated metal porch .
tr	PAST	" I just visited with you a month ago .
tr	PRES	That explains why no one was trampling her at the moment .
tr	PAST	Romulus gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	Right as my world is about to be pushed over the edge , Rachel grasps on to my body and calls out my name .
tr	PRES	" Is Elijah here , hiding ? "
tr	PRES	Nothing else explains why you wasn 't shot and hanged . "
tr	PAST	He then taped the baggie containing the soil shut so it wouldn 't break open .
tr	PRES	He dreaded to think her love was pretended , that she had a greater devotion to her cause than to him .
tr	PRES	" I thought so , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	A wide grin split his face and I got a glimpse of those straight white teeth .
tr	PRES	He stretches his legs , pops his neck , and glances around .
tr	PAST	I fetched a bottled water from the mini-bar and held it to his lips while he drank .
tr	PAST	He steadied the barrel with a feather-light touch .
tr	PRES	But it allows people to have their own religious views , as well as other views , and that 's what makes it great .
tr	PRES	" You look beautiful , " I murmur , my voice just as shaky as her dad 's .
tr	PRES	But when the doctor touches a little higher on his ribs , he lets out a painful wail .
tr	PRES	He flips on another computer and starts running a program that I 'm guessing is getting data from the things on my head .
tr	PRES	" Benjamin , you 've never told me about your summer in Mexico , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	" One of the guard mechs holds the schematics .
tr	PAST	Neither one of us dared to sleep .
tr	PAST	" What about a hat ?
tr	PRES	Beads of energy roam around the house , and I recognize the unique signature of each Fox brother .
tr	PRES	" Not as long as I keep doing this , " he said as he pressed " delete . "
tr	PRES	She reaches the shore .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	" Reach back for me , " he instructed , his eyes on her mouth .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as she buried her face between his shoulder blades , pressing the long , hard edge of iron against his spine .
tr	PRES	" I permit no man to view my designs . "
tr	PRES	My own water was good to go and I even had a bread slice to eat this morning , a leftover from last night 's grub .
tr	PRES	" An investment banker from New York . "
tr	PRES	' Aren 't you being a little ridiculous , Pol ? '
tr	PAST	One book on husbandry claimed that herdsmen sometimes left their flocks alone to graze .
tr	PRES	He begins to laugh .
tr	PRES	Brand still stares at me .
tr	PAST	She anxiously speculated what awaited them .
tr	PRES	For one thing , a holster fitting the small of the back and a gun fitting it might prove fruitful .
tr	PAST	In September of 1967 , I received an alarming phone call from Cedars Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles .
tr	PAST	A low growl rumbled .
tr	PAST	A sick feeling invaded her stomach .
tr	PAST	On their schools reunion party he proposed .
tr	PAST	It heightened his need until he was practically dizzy .
tr	PAST	The guards leaped out of the circle as it began to lower into the ground , separating cleanly from the rest of the floor .
tr	PAST	" Got a little careless .
tr	PRES	As the days went by , Justin snuck around from house to house peering through the bedroom windows where the lights were on .
tr	PRES	" Very eloquent of you , my beauty . "
tr	PAST	He cleaned the wounds on her knees , elbows , and shoulder , then found antiseptic applicators and applied them .
tr	PAST	When he was silent for so long , she dared to look up , but quickly looked away .
tr	PRES	A line of people winds out the door .
tr	PAST	Virus giggled her hateful , buzzing laugh .
tr	PRES	" Get out , you miserable thief !
tr	PAST	When she came back , she acted strange . "
tr	PRES	Zack lets out a huff of air .
tr	PAST	Helicopter blades slapped the air in the distance .
tr	PAST	Jemma Leigh designed the invitations and they 're very pretty . "
tr	PRES	He " d drunk a beer .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something behind her .
tr	PRES	" No , son , " My Daddy stands , motioning the Living room .
tr	PAST	She exhaled hard , accepting all of him , and together they soared to completion .
tr	PRES	Just him and Highland Runner .
tr	PAST	Glass shattered behind Nick , accompanied by the pops of gunfire .
tr	PRES	Lots of paw prints .
tr	PAST	I experienced a kind of frisson , as the French call it .
tr	PAST	He lied to me .
tr	PAST	" Stafford faked their deaths so he could hold them prisoner .
tr	PAST	Al five of us quietly circled the barn , hoping that if there was someone around that we couldn 't see , that Savannah might .
tr	PRES	The truck description and plate prefix matches Jansen 's .
tr	PAST	She matched my fervor move for move .
tr	PRES	You know , she talks to a lot of people but nobody talks to her .
tr	PAST	Then he enfolded her upper arms in a gently firm grip and gave a slight push .
tr	PRES	I assume you 've gotten my letter ? "
tr	PAST	I inched closer as Nikolas and my father made their way over to Soleil , desperate to hear their conversation .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	Massively wrought of fine gold , it featured the irises of her abbey .
tr	PRES	Across the dark tent , Anya 's eyes shone toward him , then she turned away , too .
tr	PRES	The sun strikes his eyes through the canopy as he exits the temple .
tr	PAST	TJ hollered from the patio on the terrace below with a ridiculous smile on his face .
tr	PRES	The glowing fluorescent lights inside the entrance to the medical center shone through glass windows off to one side of the parking lot .
tr	PRES	Yes , yes , master : give it back , eh ?
tr	PAST	She attempted to kill me with a stare of venom and I accepted it as cue I was no longer welcome .
tr	PRES	" And Joanna ? "
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied , and then we both went back to our books .
tr	PAST	In fact , it glowed .
tr	PRES	" Family reunion ? "
tr	PRES	My body relaxes as Eva enters with Alexander whose perfect features in no way resemble the impairments of my nightmare .
tr	PRES	' I assume there 's a signed copy . '
tr	PRES	And without skipping a beat , she returns to her obsession .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to flee the lab , but her legs remained stiff as stone .
tr	PAST	Kiara grunted and gave him another two dollars .
tr	PAST	I stripped clothes off as I sprinted toward my bathroom , shedding the stench of smoke and fear and hospital as I went .
tr	PAST	In the back of his mind , Dan chided himself for not remembering Mr. Smith .
tr	PAST	Hunter unscrewed the seal of the container nearest him and lifted the heavy lid .
tr	PAST	Quinn emerged from the bedroom in a thick , full-length robe ; its color was Quinn Azure .
tr	PAST	We trampled up the steps and began beating on the door .
tr	PRES	My body refuses to require rest , so I am up a great deal these days . "
tr	PAST	No one bothered to comment on how perfect her form was .
tr	PRES	Betsy , her day nurse , tends to keep an extra unit on hand in the room for when she runs low .
tr	PRES	My entire body sighs with relief now that they 're gone .
tr	PRES	The whole museum breathes .
tr	PRES	When she doesn 't answer me immediately , I lean into her again .
tr	PRES	That color how everyone sees you .
tr	PRES	I pump my shoulders like it 's no big deal .
tr	PAST	Its sharp claws mauled his upper legs .
tr	PRES	She flips off the covers and staggers to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	Max stops smiling and stares at Martin .
tr	PRES	" The Poker Club . "
tr	PAST	But he seriously doubted if anyone , even Mikhail , the Prince of their people , could overpower him if he turned vampire .
tr	PAST	Leaving me to it , Sally produced cheerful noises at the sink .
tr	PAST	A thousand stars twinkled and glittered overhead .
tr	PAST	He denied there was anything wrong , but the looks he 'd given her were close to hostile .
tr	PRES	" He owes me several favors . "
tr	PAST	She sensed the warmth , protecting her from the cold air .
tr	PRES	Past the water that falls to the river , inside the cave of crystals that shiver .
tr	PAST	I tugged her hands out of my hair and kissed the center of each of her palms .
tr	PAST	Anna quickly dismissed that thought .
tr	PAST	Beams of red light crisscrossed the room , separating her from the goal : the safe hidden inside the cabinet behind the desk .
tr	PRES	I didn 't tune this out .
tr	PRES	Pain deepening anguish deepening agony deepening pain until there was no pain at all .
tr	PAST	From everything she knew the First Lady was a poised , well-respected figure , never a cruel word uttered about her .
tr	PAST	Weighed down by the darkness , by horror and confusion and pain and the inability to breathe , Mouse collapsed to the dirt floor .
tr	PRES	They target blacks , women , kids , cowboys , rednecks , they target everybody , and you know it . "
tr	PAST	A man who 'd claimed Ivy was his and shunned any store that tried to do the same to Rose .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the floor with a grisly gurgle .
tr	PAST	Then they froze as the police raised their weapons .
tr	PAST	" He might not have any plans , but I do , " Dee stated .
tr	PAST	She collapsed atop him , panting , sweating .
tr	PRES	" O ... K ... " Kendall said and they continued to eat .
tr	PAST	Basha feared that they were demons or evil spirits from the dead .
tr	PAST	I cringed and let go of her , looking away from the distaste of it .
tr	PAST	He glided on up the stairs , baby on one arm and Beth on the other .
tr	PAST	Seth touches my bottom lip and my initial reaction is to flinch , but I work at it and keep it under control .
tr	PAST	He circled her areola with his tongue , squeezing her other breast with his hand and feeling her heart pounding against his palm .
tr	PRES	I sell dozens . "
tr	PRES	" Act normally , " Marian hisses .
tr	PAST	His hard , gray eyes lightened somewhat to regard his emotionally distraught friend .
tr	PRES	" Another artifact ? "
tr	PAST	She handled it all with remarkable strength , always resolutely going through with what she had to do even if she didn 't want to do it .
tr	PRES	" People will see that supporting such regimes causes people like me to occur , causes the hatred that spawns our activities .
tr	PRES	My mind drifts to black .
tr	PRES	With my hands gripping her hips , I urge her into a slow tempo that I can sustain without getting off too soon .
tr	PAST	Mason eyed the cargo hold quickly , aware of the danger of each passing second .
tr	PRES	Sweet , protective , caring .
tr	PAST	Right fine deed yeh done , yer wife and -- " " You have one of the farms outside of Kerner ? "
tr	PRES	Shimmer tuned her senses and together , she and Echo scanned the area for danger .
tr	PRES	" No offense to you or anything . "
tr	PRES	I assume you both have a tiny pair of cut off jean shorts in your closets ? "
tr	PRES	" Gonzo , you 're going to turn into a marshmallow if you eat one more , " I warn .
tr	PRES	Then I lean forward , lapping at the champagne infused juice .
tr	PAST	One by one they dimmed , and slowly they drew back .
tr	PRES	" I left with him , " I hiss .
tr	PAST	We piled into my hybrid and I punched it .
tr	PAST	Rhona cringed at the description because she didn 't raise brawlers .
tr	PRES	" No signs of forced entry Chief , and no prints .
tr	PRES	The crunch of dry dirt under our feet changes to hollow thumping as Bob leads us onto the porch of the ranch hand apartments .
tr	PRES	" Natural causes of death . "
tr	PRES	Running Deer states with a great deal of concern .
tr	PAST	At the back of the bus I plopped down on the tough , gray fabric seat my best friend Angel always saved for me .
tr	PAST	Still , he reluctantly revealed that a blood sample taken from her home matched the blood sample of a homicide victim .
tr	PRES	He releases a noncommittal huff then really looks me in the eye for the first time all night .
tr	PRES	He begins looking through windows until he spots something interesting -- three people talking in front of a transparent bulkhead .
tr	PRES	But for the moment , nothing mattered .
tr	PAST	Even with the Vikings ' eagerness to go raiding and pillaging , she sensed small threads of doubt amongst them .
tr	PAST	As he neared it , he unleashed his flame , and burst through to the chamber beneath .
tr	PAST	' Well I hope there are no sirens tempting us onto the rocks today , ' I joked .
tr	PRES	" Please spare me . "
tr	PAST	Nothing complicated to it . "
tr	PRES	Beyond that it though it had to be exact throughout the land-based GPS towers as well .
tr	PAST	Sensation rocketed , more at the emotion and passion fueling his words than at his expert pleasuring .
tr	PAST	They slowed to a walk and then to a stop .
tr	PAST	Leslie fiddled with the plastic cheese wrapper , which crinkled in her hands .
tr	PRES	' The summons ? '
tr	PRES	When she sees me , she scoots in towards the bush .
tr	PAST	" And you , Maren , boldly lied to me this morning .
tr	PRES	" A Seeing Eye dog ? "
tr	PAST	Feeling the sudden urge to hum , he hooked her arm within his and walked along beside her , nearly skipping as they knocked on the door .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his glove and held his hand out to his sister .
tr	PAST	" So I volunteered to come here .
tr	PRES	Therefore in a medal competition , for results purposes only , ladies add these 2 adjustments shots to their handicaps to lower their net score .
tr	PRES	Animals that had most probably witnessed Jakob killing one of their friends .
tr	PRES	... Damien opens the door with a smile .
tr	PAST	Then she stumbles over to Dylan , her red hair tangled around her pale , thin face , her cheekbones hollowed out .
tr	PAST	Sal grunted and rejoined Scarlett at the basket rim .
tr	PAST	During the later twenties Europe slowly regained its grain growing capabilities , resulting in less demand for American grain and quick weakening in prices paid to farmers .
tr	PRES	This ill wind throws both the ends of her hair and Dove 's mane to and fro .
tr	PAST	Reality intruded explosively a few feet away .
tr	PRES	Last time she drove she nearly killed us with one of those wide turns she likes to take soften .
tr	PAST	The way the sun caught the flecks of copper in her hair mesmerized him .
tr	PRES	I settle deeper into the pillow .
tr	PAST	On the table , her cell phone vibrated like chattering teeth .
tr	PRES	For some strange reason , the unexplainable urge to cry seized hold of her .
tr	PAST	" It 's a beautiful piece , " he stated calmly .
tr	PRES	He points his knife at the hillside , open , and lined with fires .
tr	PRES	" It draws my health , storing it up . "
tr	PRES	While he rules , the Kingdom fades . "
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " Pink eyed him .
tr	PRES	He senses a pair of eyes on him .
tr	PRES	Elijah pushes forward some more and then sees the girl and her distress .
tr	PAST	I received a telephone call from the school yesterday , querying why my granddaughter had not been collected .
tr	PAST	They tidied up the area , folded the tablecloth , tucked it back in the basket and returned to the car .
tr	PAST	He stomped to the glass counter and picked up the receiver of an old rotary phone .
tr	PRES	It holds part of a voodoo spirit .
tr	PAST	" So , those things I experienced as a child were real ? "
tr	PAST	" As a matter of fact , I do , " I zipped up my coat and pulled a black knit cap over my head .
tr	PRES	A laugh bursts from my throat .
tr	PRES	" Using Shifters to get it ? "
tr	PRES	He parks and steps out .
tr	PRES	At speeds unimaginable to normal men .
tr	PAST	The weight of perjury piled onto Dan 's shoulders until he feared he would be crushed .
tr	PAST	Poetic words taunted him , briefly showing themselves before dancing away within the rising smoke .
tr	PAST	I balled my fingers into fists at my sides and focused on keeping the anxiety from rising .
tr	PAST	I tugged on the corner of Chase 's shirt .
tr	PRES	Every day that I see you and come in here to drink my caramel café latte .
tr	PRES	Once inside , Vanessa peels off the leather gloves and puts on a pair of disposable latex gloves .
tr	PAST	Derek and I froze .
tr	PAST	I sniffed as I straightened up from the fridge .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , they took Lex 's jack knife from him at Scouts , " chimed in Ricky .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that delightful ? "
tr	PAST	I shrieked and then punched and clawed at him , but he just laughed at my weak blows .
tr	PAST	Pictures of Laila only served to remind her of all she would soon lose .
tr	PRES	" A pity I didn 't think of that , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Or better yet , climb Olympus itself and throw down Zeus with your spears .
tr	PAST	Bax discreetly holstered his pistols , handing the kerchief back to Cordelia .
tr	PRES	" He loves to stir things up .
tr	PAST	Loves getting her pores cleaned .
tr	PAST	I pretended to be pondering the roof pattern when the instructor started talking about poisons .
tr	PRES	" If I disagree ? "
tr	PAST	All smashed together with so many other people in your space .
tr	PAST	" Damn it , " Aaron exhaled before flicking the pillar of ash from the tip of his cigarette into the plastic blue ashtray .
tr	PAST	Kurt motioned Amanda forward , and she came to his side .
tr	PAST	Hanna pretended to gag .
tr	PAST	They named her Dawn .
tr	PAST	I crawled into the hallway and stopped long enough to make sure all the adults were asleep .
tr	PAST	Her cell phone buzzed , interrupting her thoughts , and she fished it out of her handbag to glance down at a text message .
tr	PAST	With his free hand he glided his hand down her body .
tr	PRES	It kind of rattles inside the carton .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " she whispered , feeling his hands hesitate to move away from her waist .
tr	PRES	" The truth affects nothing . "
tr	PAST	Emily dared to take her eyes from the night to catch a glimpse of her other companions .
tr	PAST	" I really messed up .
tr	PRES	" Paris is light and love and romance , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Let 's open the stand , " Heath begged .
tr	PRES	A fissure of concern rises in my chest .
tr	PRES	I snuck out of my board meeting for lunch . "
tr	PRES	He invites me out of obligation , but I can 't go to him and his new wife .
tr	PRES	Katarina murmurs something beneath her gag .
tr	PRES	Put ketchup , mayonnaise and maybe even some mustard on top of the patty , then add some lettuce , tomato , and perhaps an onion .
tr	PAST	And why she 'd lied .
tr	PAST	Sam shuffled back and then saw the menacing curve of his smile .
tr	PRES	Thanks for the vote of confidence , Len . "
tr	PAST	' Or Wales , even ? '
tr	PRES	" Please say something , " Rex clears his throat and studies my expression .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PRES	The man 's mind stank of a vampire influence .
tr	PAST	Her serious words immediately sobered me up .
tr	PAST	Marinara sauce sloshed unpleasantly in my stomach .
tr	PRES	She falls asleep first and I end up just watching her breathe softly in my arms , never wanting to move .
tr	PRES	Seeing the opportunity to speak to his father in private , Adel approaches him .
tr	PAST	Kira announced from behind us , and I turned to see her , walking up , waving her hands wildly .
tr	PRES	" Just because a scar can 't be healed doesn 't mean it can 't be soothed , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She dared not use the lapis solaris ; the acid would surely do just as much damage to one of her actor defenders .
tr	PAST	Xavier obtained the floor plans from a secret ally .
tr	PAST	Swan clasped her hands at one point and tiptoed up to the stage in her pink ballet shoes .
tr	PRES	I salute JJ , then dig in , forking up some saucy noodles and lifting them to my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Except no one loses their head , right ? "
tr	PAST	She rummaged through the glove box , completely unsure of what she might find there , and managed to come up with a Certificate of Registration .
tr	PRES	" You murmur to yourself a lot .
tr	PRES	' The hobbits ! '
tr	PAST	Squirrel shuffled his feet , and Moose just looked down , slowly shaking his head .
tr	PRES	' A bit crude , but in essence that is correct .
tr	PAST	After the greeting he retreated and glanced at Marissa .
tr	PRES	Who carries a dime ?
tr	PRES	Her firm belief that she was still out there , watching her every move .
tr	PAST	She had pinned me to the floor , her huge breast slapping me in the face .
tr	PRES	Screaming at them all , he wove threads of Air and Fire .
tr	PRES	He lies on the couch , just as he 'd been before the disaster , and stares at the flame and Elaine 's swollen face .
tr	PAST	A buttery warmth invaded him from the belly outward .
tr	PRES	" I vow to do much more than displease him . "
tr	PRES	My mother measures her words .
tr	PRES	Before he responds , Kenneth enters , but his are the only footsteps .
tr	PAST	Jake 's secretary announced them through her intercom and instructed them to go straight to Jake 's office .
tr	PRES	" I 've been ... ok .
tr	PRES	Without waiting for an answer , he holds up his mangled hands .
tr	PRES	The Commander took two powerful strides towards the central table , his steps ringing out on the black and white chessboard floor .
tr	PRES	Henry stands back up , and walks away to a screen and plops into a leather chair .
tr	PRES	- How long do you swim a day ?
tr	PRES	George searches around in the box , tipping it , then heaps cereal into his bowl .
tr	PRES	" He still loves you .
tr	PAST	she screeched , pulling him from Sophie 's side .
tr	PRES	My house holds what I make .
tr	PRES	" Corn syrup - it 's cheaper .
tr	PRES	I settle into an easy pace , allowing myself to get lost in my thoughts .
tr	PRES	" Did the men abandon you ? "
tr	PAST	" Perhaps I stole the wrong key ? "
tr	PRES	" I don 't think so , " I retort .
tr	PRES	Digital signatures provide part of the solution , but the main Benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double spending .
tr	PAST	Suspicion pinched his face .
tr	PRES	Two footmen came to greet them , each carrying torches to light the way .
tr	PRES	You provide a product and a service .
tr	PRES	Francesca 's eye opens slightly at this , and stares at me .
tr	PRES	" Our resident smith . "
tr	PAST	With all of the money that I 'd been saving , I treated myself to a new laptop to be able to do my homework efficiently .
tr	PRES	God loves life , and being a lawyer is no more important to God than chasing mice .
tr	PAST	He ditched the scooter and started using his crutches again .
tr	PAST	I was daydreaming , " stated Simon , whilst admiring the beautiful girl standing in front of him .
tr	PAST	By the time the entire crew was assembled , the Ops Room buzzed with energy and magic .
tr	PAST	He wasn 't going to give up a single second of his time on the court no matter what else it cost him .
tr	PAST	She tugged to get her arm back , but the band tightened , threatening to crush her fragile bones .
tr	PRES	Then he eases Colin down into the grass and bends to say something to him .
tr	PAST	" So ... " I perch on the edge of the sofa and wait .
tr	PAST	Then he swiped a picture on to the phone 's rectangular screen .
tr	PRES	" I fell asleep , " he announces , his voice tinged with shock .
tr	PRES	" Don 't give me false commiseration , " Ashe teased .
tr	PAST	She tugged the blanket back , expecting to be surprised .
tr	PRES	Her arm begins to shake , and she whimpers with indecision .
tr	PRES	he pushes , holding his fingers inside me and curving the tips of them .
tr	PRES	Trystan glances at Seth and tries not to smile .
tr	PRES	Like a house built on an old garbage dump , a life built on lies eventually begins to rot from the inside out .
tr	PAST	" Wait - " He ignored her plea , yanking her onto the bed .
tr	PAST	My thumb caressed his cheekbone ; he looked so tired , and defeated .
tr	PAST	Blue replayed the phrase in her head : My colleague stepped quite easily out of his skin .
tr	PAST	She toured the store with absolutely no sense of what else she would have possibly wanted .
tr	PRES	" In a shallow grave . "
tr	PRES	" A cafeteria burger . "
tr	PAST	Her small hands caressed his shoulders then moved to the back of his neck , above the Collar .
tr	PAST	Hunter navigated out of their current alleyway and found a street he recognized that would lead to one of the main thoroughfares through the French Quarter .
tr	PAST	Brenda 's flashlight beam shakily crisscrossed left and right , bouncing as they sprinted straight past the slew of right and left turns .
tr	PAST	His hands thread into the hair at my temples , and his thumbs tilt my face up so that his lips are almost touching mine .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands , releasing a calming breath before forcing herself to turn .
tr	PRES	" If he doesn 't like your reaction , he tries to alter your memory of his half of the conversation . "
tr	PAST	Fear and panic exploded through her veins as another man advanced on her , a syringe in his hand .
tr	PAST	he rasped , grinding his hips , stirring her .
tr	PAST	Right now , he represented everything sane and normal .
tr	PAST	The bodies piled on top of one another , covering the earth with blood , tissue , and bone fragments .
tr	PAST	The Superiors treated us like we were ignorant peasants .
tr	PAST	I described Shannon in vivid detail , and I also told him I was working on making her my girlfriend .
tr	PAST	" Hey , watch it , bug breath , " he teased , his eyes showing the love he really felt .
tr	PRES	A sliver of light shone onto his hand through the tiny gap .
tr	PAST	They awoke finding their arms around each other with their legs tangled .
tr	PRES	When we finally get to my bedroom , I swing open the door .
tr	PRES	It ´ s pretty technical , talks about acupuncture points and reflexology .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone preternaturally bright .
tr	PRES	Everyone freezes again at the sound of Nathan 's voice .
tr	PAST	" Thou naught thy intention , " he claimed .
tr	PAST	The human blood he had drunk to help Emily just a day before still lingered in his body .
tr	PRES	Comes up vomiting again , tearing his mask loose , wheezing for air .
tr	PRES	It bemused him to discover that her happiness was more important to him than life itself .
tr	PRES	At his father 's suggestion , Haruki tagged along to pay the bills and watch her back .
tr	PRES	" Close your mouth , " she teased .
tr	PAST	The combined movement of the trees and loss of the moonlight slowed their pace to a fast walk .
tr	PRES	A wide smile stretches across his face .
tr	PAST	She sensed that the time to wake was close at hand .
tr	PRES	" Miss Ames . "
tr	PRES	My heart tries to jump up my throat and run down the street .
tr	PAST	You stole it and shattered it .
tr	PRES	It helps more than you can imagine , or perhaps you may imagine more than you can help now .
tr	PAST	I untangled her from my neck and waist and gently set her on her twisted sheets .
tr	PRES	" You 're in my head when I 'm alone , and when I 'm near you , " he breathes in , inhaling my scent .
tr	PAST	Finally , at the right time , Shakyamuni revealed the teaching of universal Buddhahood .
tr	PRES	" I 'll go say hi and come back , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Would he approve of your association with the man ? "
tr	PAST	The dog 's ears pricked and he started toward me in an aggressive lope .
tr	PAST	He grunted in frustration .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth and a roar of pain and mischief is hurled from it .
tr	PAST	You treated him like he was some child molester or something ! "
tr	PRES	' I assume you read the newspaper stories .
tr	PRES	" He offered to teach me the difference between a slapped ass and a spanked one , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	He passes through the door .
tr	PRES	She flashes an impish smile .
tr	PRES	As males are so much less faithful , their promiscuity explains why the cuckoo has not split into many species , each true to its dupe . '
tr	PAST	They thanked her and declined .
tr	PAST	" You must concentrate Jon twenty nine A " Mother reiterated , " you must seek and destroy the enemy " .
tr	PAST	The dinosaur shattered the quiet morning once more .
tr	PAST	Biotic Response This along with similar events of extinction provided the impetus and nature began to tackle the problem , what to do ?
tr	PAST	" Twenty-two stitches , to be exact . "
tr	PAST	He clutched his fist tight , the band digging into his fingers .
tr	PRES	" I confess we were surprised , but only to hear him speak at all so soon .
tr	PRES	It just pisses me off to know that he doesn 't trust us after all we 've been through . "
tr	PRES	Luna glares at them .
tr	PRES	These appendages pump stomach and lungs , grab the heart and forced it to beat , send careful jolts into the drowned girl 's brain .
tr	PRES	If anything , it fills me with peace , and I count the days with a sense of relief and gratitude .
tr	PRES	I bury my nose into his collarbone .
tr	PRES	" Relationships aren 't part of my perfect day , " I teased , although that was far from the truth .
tr	PAST	O winged crown and throne of gold !
tr	PRES	Isaac points toward a part of the back of the house , just off to the side near the deck that looks like a small add-on room .
tr	PAST	Lil 's voice vibrated with excitement .
tr	PAST	I smacked his chest .
tr	PRES	" Ahem , don 't mind us , " Grady mutters on my other side , kind of sarcastic .
tr	PRES	Today I sing it for my mother . "
tr	PRES	" Alexandra Lawrence ! "
tr	PRES	" Let me come again , " I whimper .
tr	PAST	Violet skipped back to the car and ducked inside .
tr	PRES	' What about Hal ? '
tr	PAST	He flicked and tortured the tiny bud as her hips lifted for satisfaction .
tr	PRES	" Does this involve the so-called bandits ? "
tr	PAST	A tingle of excitement and daring arose in Emelia as she crept forward .
tr	PRES	EA stands for Executive Assistant is what he used to say , at least in her presence .
tr	PAST	I leaped up them .
tr	PRES	" And you ken what I will want of you ? "
tr	PAST	After checking on Ivy , she shuffled to her room .
tr	PAST	Without too much thought , I dialed the number .
tr	PRES	Then Maddy holds up her hand in a shy wave and I practically bound over to her .
tr	PAST	This effectively denied the researchers their due .
tr	PAST	" Come one , come all , " he announced to the people of the carnival .
tr	PAST	Patient Too Stupid to Live handled the knife with confidence .
tr	PRES	He pushes his stacks of chips in .
tr	PRES	The moon shone overhead .
tr	PAST	But he shrank from it .
tr	PAST	His fingers glided on the plastic and he let them fall down the edge .
tr	PRES	The smile abruptly falls from Realm 's face , and I see the color that was just there drain away .
tr	PRES	" Natalya pulses with power .
tr	PRES	Beyond the Canyon , on the outer reaches of the Wilds .
tr	PRES	" Mr. White suspects we 'll want blunt instruments . "
tr	PAST	She uttered a snarl of anger that would have done credit to a caveman splitting the skull of an enemy .
tr	PRES	He likes a more secluded environment . "
tr	PRES	" You mind your own beeswax , Steve , " I bark .
tr	PRES	Moonlight fills the window , giving Sean a faint halo .
tr	PAST	Caden and the others painted this picture of a pure evil vampire and yet she had been nothing but a blood-sucking Mary Poppins .
tr	PRES	A small amount of envy creeps up at their luxuries and I try to squash it quickly .
tr	PRES	" Get in , " I contented myself with saying .
tr	PRES	" Kitchen opens near the end of the month . "
tr	PRES	The charms belong to the players . "
tr	PRES	I bow my head and push my macaroni around on my plate .
tr	PAST	Someone popped out of a house , a big rocket launcher propped on his shoulder .
tr	PAST	' You ain 't scary , ' scoffed the boy .
tr	PAST	" Man trouble if I 've ever seen it , " Jacqueline announced to Lydia , who grinned slightly and nodded in agreement .
tr	PAST	' The day I proposed ... ' I let out a moan of disgust and tossed the picture on the floor .
tr	PRES	" Because they tire .
tr	PRES	All around the world the prophets danced and sang and still dance and sing .
tr	PRES	Geist flicks off my thought like water from his fingertips .
tr	PRES	" I 'm leaving tomorrow , " he sighs .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me . "
tr	PRES	Octavia begins to sob , muffling the sound in her ragged tunic .
tr	PAST	" Now we walk , " Drew announced , trying to put on a cheerful face .
tr	PRES	I mumbled something and sat down .
tr	PRES	We assume it came to us after his death but no one ever took the time to find out for sure . "
tr	PAST	Clay lied a little .
tr	PAST	A glimmer of hope twinkled in his eyes as he waited for her answer .
tr	PAST	As she got closer , she slowed her pace , looking at him .
tr	PAST	" According to his notes , the cabal recruited him a year and a half ago .
tr	PRES	He throws them over and over and Brenden dodges each one .
tr	PAST	The people cleaned their houses and made the village beautiful .
tr	PAST	" He defeated you .
tr	PAST	Not only had he apologized but there was none of the residual anger she 'd always sensed deep inside him .
tr	PRES	Paul tilted his head backwards and laughed .
tr	PRES	Wade 's big body diving through the air toward the dog .
tr	PRES	Frankie bursts into laughter .
tr	PRES	Hayden finally releases my hand and pulls out his phone so he can bring up the movie listings for the nearest theater .
tr	PAST	Stretching my arms over my head , I squealed with delight .
tr	PRES	A girl that looks about the same age as me with short curly blonde hair crawls out from under Gemma 's old bed .
tr	PRES	Maybe a heavy war bow for militia duty ? "
tr	PRES	" Um , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	One smashed into the glass hard enough to spiderweb it as it hit and then tumbled over the roof .
tr	PRES	Serena stops by a pile of rocks with a hole the size of her fist in between them .
tr	PRES	The Banshee enters , wearing a long , velvet , maroon dress , her hair done up , and loop earrings dangle from her ears .
tr	PAST	That really bothered the business manager , Jonathan Clemens , and Carter .
tr	PRES	Nothing now remains above ground .
tr	PRES	He really loves her .
tr	PAST	As it happened , the hunt also provided this opportunity .
tr	PAST	He crouched in the back of the elevator as the light grew so bright through his closed eyelids that it was like staring directly into the sun .
tr	PAST	He eyed her as if she were a bomb that might go off .
tr	PAST	He awoke instantly , however , eyes flying open when he heard Mallory giggle and saw her standing behind the chair across the room .
tr	PRES	Pausing thoughtfully before entering the small amount of light , Sheik gazes at the uneven stones , their shadows growing and shrinking in the torchlight .
tr	PAST	His father cocked an eyebrow but didn 't reply .
tr	PAST	He dismissed the flames .
tr	PAST	Matt 's arm stiffened against Claire 's .
tr	PAST	Sunny eyed her for a second before smiling , seeming to accept the need to shift gears .
tr	PAST	Except the way his cells perked up at her touch .
tr	PRES	I mutter , " I 'm not going to burst into tears because you say I can . "
tr	PRES	The letter mentions Brian 's name as someone who keeps texting Charlie .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you belong at some bikers ' meeting or something with those tattoos ? "
tr	PAST	I attempted to pour a cup of coffee and couldn 't .
tr	PRES	She points at my hand .
tr	PAST	A turn of the doorknob revealed the door to be unlocked .
tr	PAST	" How very generous of you . "
tr	PRES	My call transfers directly to voice mail . "
tr	PAST	Louisa perused his college transcripts .
tr	PAST	The pregnant women eyed each other warily .
tr	PRES	Simply twisting the knob and strolling right in habitually , Link only considers knocking after the door is swinging open .
tr	PAST	I pondered , freezing in my place as yet another loud bump resounded from the confines of Oliver 's office .
tr	PAST	Once inside her office , she asked him for his phone then proceeded to remove the battery and place it on her desk .
tr	PRES	Sexton paused , holding up the envelopes , tempting the seated crowd .
tr	PAST	Simon shuffled his feet .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the thought of asking .
tr	PRES	" Keep walking , " Raine whispers .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Garn .
tr	PRES	I vow on all the light left that I will not stop until I get her back . "
tr	PRES	Which brings me to a question I pondered last night - could Jesus , once reincarnated , have been Hitler ?
tr	PAST	A dozen shadows wriggled at her feet .
tr	PAST	Another burst of rain spattered the windshield .
tr	PAST	Beth crawled on leaving the defence beetle behind her , its protests still squawking on .
tr	PRES	He slipped his hand beneath the thin strap of her top , his finger deliberately grazing her skin .
tr	PRES	I slid my palm across her legs , my fingertips dipping into the edge of her shorts .
tr	PRES	Dallas reaches to rub her eyes with the heels of her hands , smudging her makeup .
tr	PRES	" Well , you have to understand , Mr. Shaver - " " Please call me Lonnie . "
tr	PAST	The wind pierced my clothes , breathing like frost against my skin .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the documents under my arm and headed for the old Focus .
tr	PRES	" You heartless beast .
tr	PAST	I urged his hand down to remove the lacy fabric while I got rid of his briefs .
tr	PRES	Something like realization slides into place .
tr	PRES	" She loves it .
tr	PAST	The heat in her cheeks deepened , not from embarrassment now but from utter humiliation .
tr	PRES	" Poor Sharon . "
tr	PAST	Benedict slapped him on the back .
tr	PAST	Sam skipped a beat , thought some terrible things , then said , " What 's up ? "
tr	PAST	My parents named me after my Aunt . "
tr	PRES	" Right , then we get an annulment or divorce , whichever .
tr	PRES	And glances at me .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm your mother , you belong with me ! "
tr	PRES	" They teach life after death . "
tr	PRES	And then swagger off to burn us all to cinders ?
tr	PRES	It holds a very powerful force . "
tr	PAST	Teri claimed when the fire started , a beautiful , winged lady whisked her away .
tr	PRES	The spirit changes her countenance .
tr	PAST	We withdrew , troubled by this new information .
tr	PAST	With her new awareness , Corinne sensed when Dayan further distanced her from what was happening .
tr	PAST	My mother , Aphrodite , froze in place when she saw me , apprehension immediately pooling in her eyes .
tr	PRES	My nostrils flare with each inhalation .
tr	PRES	The gray courthouse wall now pops with color .
tr	PAST	Even he started to mouth them , his eyes misting at their meaning .
tr	PAST	Two words rattling around inside her mind as she pushed the call button .
tr	PRES	Sometimes we both speak in it , he likes to practice with me .
tr	PAST	The images on the screen slowed .
tr	PAST	The next tremor to slide the length of her body proved stronger than the others , locking her jaw , silencing her and rattling the entire bed .
tr	PRES	Claire slides her hand over the door and opens it , she then flips a switch on the wall and it remains open .
tr	PAST	Picking up her beer again , she motioned toward the door .
tr	PAST	" Good " I stated .
tr	PRES	Jase frowns at me .
tr	PAST	The two other people in the gift shop immediately fled through the big glass doors , screaming .
tr	PRES	She dwelt in a real life drama .
tr	PRES	Orange juice , if it is no bother . "
tr	PRES	He sees him holding shiny brown snakeskin cowboy boots .
tr	PRES	Alex presses the gas pedal to the floor .
tr	PRES	I assure you , I represent a government that is interested in everything that has happened over the past few days .
tr	PRES	" And what borders the Pacific Ocean ? "
tr	PAST	" Shhh , " the Mexican quieted him , and made the loco sign again .
tr	PRES	" Here , " she finally announces , pulling out a small case .
tr	PRES	He pushes the hair back from his forehead .
tr	PRES	He climbs in and struggles , reaching something Annalise can 't see even though she has an idea of what it might be .
tr	PRES	Laurel looks at me , then glances at Scooby .
tr	PAST	And then the wailing ceased .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Holly likes to - " My mother 's eyes narrowed in anger .
tr	PAST	Her eyes roamed over our group before they stopped on her niece .
tr	PAST	Kathryn giggled and hurried out the door .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't do me any favors .
tr	PAST	The front vehicle left and disappeared from view and another vehicle buzzed it 's way in front of Nomi .
tr	PRES	" Because , " he puffs out a frazzled breath and then sketches the white line beneath his eye with his finger .
tr	PRES	Smiling , she begins running after it .
tr	PRES	The finger tracing the tattoo slides down to my hands .
tr	PRES	And then they feed us .
tr	PRES	I snuck out to Samson 's house , and I saw them together on the beach .
tr	PAST	I got to meet Luke , " she mumbled , sucking on her thumb .
tr	PRES	Augustine folds his arms across his chest and smiles .
tr	PAST	I clutched Will 's damp back for dear life as he released a huge groan and hammered forward .
tr	PAST	They provided visions of the future , as well as leadership and wisdom .
tr	PRES	Irene splits her time between Seattle , where she grew up , and Portland and loves the Pacific Northwest .
tr	PAST	Joy transformed his face , turned him back into the boy she 'd fallen in love with .
tr	PRES	Daniel stands there a long time , looking out at the lake .
tr	PRES	" The wolves ? "
tr	PRES	She whispers in Jason 's ear , " It was very special for me sir . "
tr	PRES	As if Jack could read the thoughts running through my mind about the paint , he said , " It tastes like sugar , sweet like syrup .
tr	PRES	" I bet she 's going off to see that new friend of hers , " Chuck teased .
tr	PRES	" They destroyed all our lovely gowns , " Mother begins , not meeting his eyes .
tr	PAST	He exhaled sharply and ran a hand over his face .
tr	PAST	I took aim at its head and with pinpoint accuracy , shattered his skull .
tr	PAST	She sneezed twice and sniffled .
tr	PRES	They witnessed you take her purse and place it into your personal locker . "
tr	PRES	It stops me cold .
tr	PAST	Mike pondered for a minute before he spoke .
tr	PAST	He caressed her hair .
tr	PAST	" When I cast my spell , it destroyed that possibility for her .
tr	PAST	After a few seconds he steadied himself and said , " OK , you 're onto something with the guns and drugs .
tr	PAST	He cocked one eyebrow .
tr	PRES	" Your lands ? "
tr	PRES	The dress buttons up the front in a military style , but the cut hugs every one of my barely-there curves .
tr	PAST	He acted demented ... or drugged .
tr	PRES	" Funny eh ? "
tr	PAST	Mass produced works of art purchased at Target hung on walls and over the fireplace .
tr	PRES	" Whoa , heavy doctrine there , " Will teased .
tr	PRES	" Brielle , Ellis , Natalie . "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and looked down .
tr	PRES	" But that doesn 't keep me from wanting to go out and do something because I want to , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Water drips from the ceiling and puddles the dirty floor .
tr	PRES	The side table holds platters of steaming food .
tr	PRES	While everyone considers the plan , Boggs flips through a stack of blueprints of the Nut and frowns .
tr	PAST	Jack advanced toward the door .
tr	PAST	She scooted into the nearest corner .
tr	PRES	Not through your lies , but through the truth . "
tr	PRES	And some distant rumbling .
tr	PAST	Exiting with two other gentlemen she did not recognize , the angel in disguise accompanied the men inside the squat Kondo with its curving double roof .
tr	PAST	Walking back to Weldon 's hotel room , I pondered the situation , considering what it might mean and how it might affect my future .
tr	PRES	Just in time , Ryan slides open the van door and Phil hops in .
tr	PAST	One thing still troubled me , though .
tr	PAST	Once Emerson left , Declan exhaled deeply and then practically flew into the bed with Willow .
tr	PRES	A real man falls down nine times and gets up ten .
tr	PRES	Josie enters from right fighting her way through people as if moving against the motion of traffic , almost getting knocked down as she does .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the seat for a moment .
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to make out anything in the darkness .
tr	PAST	When he opened the bedroom door , I squinted against the light , which seemed brighter than it had before .
tr	PAST	I stifled a sob .
tr	PRES	" Then someone owes you , big time . "
tr	PRES	He belongs to someone else . "
tr	PAST	He squinted at her .
tr	PRES	" Oh my god , " she breathes .
tr	PRES	" Then lets see if we can do something about that .
tr	PAST	Len exclaimed , looking rather surprised .
tr	PRES	A nearly infinite beam of purple light shone from the handle and across the laboratory floor .
tr	PRES	" She sometimes uses milk , sometimes yoghurt .
tr	PAST	All three men stormed inside , silent , prepared for anything .
tr	PRES	He hates Jamey so much .
tr	PRES	She clutches it as she falls .
tr	PRES	" That woman owes her life to you . "
tr	PRES	" Nope , color me clueless . "
tr	PAST	I hopped out of the car .
tr	PRES	" Now , I assume you want to be paid . "
tr	PRES	He points to one of the stalagmites , and it glows red as images appear on it .
tr	PRES	Special thanks to the critics at Reddit who helped provide feedback as I was writing this .
tr	PRES	But the power of the Eye passes through your bloodline .
tr	PRES	" What about you Savannah ?
tr	PAST	Back in the cell Simon collapsed on the bed , listening to the footsteps of the guards recede as they marched away from his door .
tr	PRES	What brings you this way , if I may be so bold ? "
tr	PRES	My dress buttons up the front and I hadn 't bothered to replace the belt when we 'd dressed at the club .
tr	PAST	The invader seized the needed item , left quickly , and swished the snow in front of the building , covering the tracks .
tr	PRES	" Mark , are you saying that you would like to interact with Beth , " Jess teased , breaking the moment of charged silence .
tr	PRES	It belongs to both of us now .
tr	PAST	My eyes washed over the porch , catching sight of dried yoke and eggshells .
tr	PRES	She tries to laugh but it hurts her .
tr	PAST	Connor lifted one gloved arm so the hawk glided down to land , wings outstretched .
tr	PAST	He preferred the night .
tr	PRES	" Usual kindly self . "
tr	PRES	The second his body falls against mine , I gasp .
tr	PAST	I perused his collection which was eclectic to say the least .
tr	PAST	She shuffled forward like a doomed woman taking her final steps toward her fate .
tr	PAST	She inhaled , trying to calm the trembling in her body .
tr	PRES	And a woolen sports jacket ?
tr	PRES	" I belong in a circus . "
tr	PRES	Beth 's shoulders visibly relax , and I wonder why she cares who I 'm spending time with .
tr	PAST	I feared for the worst .
tr	PAST	When he disclosed his meeting with Frank , Ben almost exploded with anger .
tr	PRES	" The west side of the airport , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	Every now and then , the wind changes direction and throws the smoke right back in our faces .
tr	PAST	So I dialed my mother 's cell phone and I listened as it rang .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , and it took all my willpower not to turn , fang him , and then stab him .
tr	PAST	" The last time someone freed her , plagues and suffering permeated the world and she sent Atlantis straight to the bottom of the sea .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes living so long tends to make us ... a bit self-absorbed . "
tr	PRES	Anyone that snores as bad as you do deserves a break every now and then . "
tr	PAST	' Nevertheless I think she ought to be asked , and you promised me that she would be , ' I persisted .
tr	PRES	The wonderful smell of frying meat fills the air .
tr	PAST	I carefully weaved my way through the adoring crowd , where Rhea , Marcus and Sophia stood waiting for me .
tr	PAST	Above the crackle of the fire , fabric rustled .
tr	PAST	Her mother regarded her a moment .
tr	PRES	" Please , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Lifting my arm , he presses his lips against the inside of my wrist .
tr	PAST	Solid rectangular blocks following in their wake represented the Legions .
tr	PAST	He flicked the water out of his hair .
tr	PAST	The female tender alighted by his side .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mumbled , and watched him hurry away .
tr	PRES	My thoughts snap back to the present .
tr	PRES	He deserves that much .
tr	PAST	The sounds suddenly ceased , and Matthew cautiously opened his eyes to mere slits .
tr	PAST	The dog leaped for his throat .
tr	PAST	I inhaled slowly and walked into the room , heading straight for the Keurig and popping in one of the little cups while not looking at him .
tr	PAST	The Hispanic girl slapped him .
tr	PAST	Travis 's eyes bounced from side to side .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the others .
tr	PAST	Magical wisp lights brightened , and they started marching towards the empty gate .
tr	PRES	It applies to everything . "
tr	PRES	Looked into his gorgeous face , his expression taut .
tr	PAST	Once inside , I froze , no longer blinded by the glare of daylight .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed like emerald coals .
tr	PAST	A piece of his construct shattered , and the whole thing began to crash downwards .
tr	PAST	when I attempted communication through the letterbox of his cottage some two weeks ago .
tr	PAST	Emerson eyed his companion thoughtfully .
tr	PRES	Uncle Pete opens the front door .
tr	PAST	Both cars exploded on impact due to the ignition of the gases involved .
tr	PRES	Another moment passes before the girl finally calms down , stands up , and hauls me to my feet .
tr	PRES	" The changes ? "
tr	PRES	" There are about fifteen of them , " Trick offers helpfully .
tr	PRES	Opening the door , he begins to climb in .
tr	PRES	She sighs tiredly as she slumps back in the seat .
tr	PAST	For emergencies completely unrelated to this one , NASA provided 6 square meters of Hab canvas , and some really impressive resin .
tr	PRES	I scramble to come up with an option that is safe enough .
tr	PRES	She reaches into my pocket and pulls it out .
tr	PRES	It stretches between New York and Vermont .
tr	PAST	She swirled her touch around and around the tattoo , moving her tongue in his mouth in the same rhythm .
tr	PAST	For a moment , I dared give the idea credence .
tr	PAST	She stiffened as she felt the initial prick of his fangs and then was flooded with complete erotic pleasure .
tr	PAST	As I rose from the floor , one of the windows shattered , raining glass shards inside the room .
tr	PAST	He eyed the distance between the dock and the railing that ran around the bow of the boat .
tr	PRES	" Strike me silly , " said Mr. Owens , " if that isn 't a baby . "
tr	PRES	" Are you going to tell me what happened today , or am I going to have to have Lia drag it out of Dean ? "
tr	PRES	Plant the butts firmly .
tr	PAST	With grim satisfaction Baron Samael measured his magical might and felt it sufficient .
tr	PAST	His hands caressed her and then , murmuring an oath , he lowered his head and kissed her .
tr	PRES	We all lean a tiny bit closer to her so we can hear her words , then she speaks .
tr	PAST	My stomach hollowed at the thought of how close I 'd come to not existing .
tr	PAST	Lila sobbed from the payload , " Now we 'll never collect enough money to fund the swim team trip to District ! "
tr	PAST	Though I 'd have to wake him periodically in case of a concussion , still I uttered a sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	" In Louisiana ? "
tr	PRES	The hawk pays no coinage to morals .
tr	PRES	Sinead stands beside him and cries as she holds her sister 's good hand .
tr	PRES	" He loves me .
tr	PAST	It cost her dearly to say those words .
tr	PRES	Then she throws up .
tr	PAST	Alethea choked and Lil elbowed her .
tr	PRES	Talis yawns dropping both of his swords and lying down .
tr	PAST	I plopped my backpack on the registrar 's desk .
tr	PRES	Honor whispered , the horror in her face making her green eyes shine with tears .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Kacey .
tr	PRES	You and your goons sell me ?
tr	PRES	Only a part of you , a flicker , remains .
tr	PRES	His sarcastic attitude matches his movements .
tr	PRES	" The government goin to buy it for you , and you bring it here . "
tr	PRES	You steal from us .
tr	PRES	I whirl back to her .
tr	PRES	One class stands between me and my future .
tr	PAST	The flippant statement bothered Jasmine more than anything else , but Officer Ambrose had already knocked .
tr	PAST	But I preferred the boys shooting bottle rockets into the lake to shooting them toward my yard , which tended to give my dad a nervous breakdown .
tr	PRES	And then , abruptly , he stops .
tr	PRES	Her hand grasps mine and peels my fingers off her arm while she takes a step back , putting some distance between us .
tr	PRES	I du n no , maybe you 're even a little jealous at all the action I get .
tr	PAST	I deepened the kiss , knowing that this couldn 't last and that I might as well enjoy it .
tr	PRES	Moisture fills my eyes .
tr	PRES	His eyebrows bunch together , and he stares steadily into me with those sky-blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Randa gritted his teeth and emitted a strangled high-pitched sound from the back of his throat .
tr	PAST	It puzzled young Edward for some minutes but Eadie was calling from the garden and he soon forgot .
tr	PRES	She sighs , the fight completely leaving her now .
tr	PRES	George glances around the dining room .
tr	PAST	In my ear Piper squealed and I knew she was having a good time too .
tr	PAST	" When I was in Rome , I mailed it to myself with a bunch of other jewelry . "
tr	PAST	The heavens glowed thick with fire .
tr	PRES	Chapter 11 Isaiah A LOCK OF HER LONG golden bangs falls forward and highlights the sexy curve of her chin and her thick eyelashes .
tr	PAST	He stayed slumped against the tree , his eyes glazed over .
tr	PAST	I organized the paperwork with a very grateful staff member and hustled Eleanor into the car .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stop , Emma , " he begged .
tr	PRES	The wolf freezes , right at the line , with the three sharp points of her weapon centimeters from his eyes .
tr	PRES	Then someone taps on the window .
tr	PAST	He presses the bottle into my hand .
tr	PAST	I froze , too .
tr	PAST	His lanyard , sporting one white bead , one blue , and one green bounced against his skinny chest .
tr	PAST	Hitting the line , the boy leaped over the soldier 's prone form .
tr	PRES	However , I urge you to reconsider seeking the Fate .
tr	PRES	" What about your department at the university ? "
tr	PAST	Soon , the policemen reappeared unarmed .
tr	PAST	Thrilling emotions Nilo did not understand jolted his brain circuits , and his worn out old torso began to tremble .
tr	PAST	" You painted a marijuana leaf on schoolwork ? "
tr	PAST	" I feel very inadequate , " I mumbled , kicking a rock from my shoe .
tr	PRES	Henry 's face falls .
tr	PRES	However , since the singles ' classes don 't fellowship together except once a quarter , we socialize jointly only four times a year .
tr	PAST	Let 's see you do it , " Drew countered .
tr	PRES	" What about baseball ?
tr	PAST	" Because I ... " The remaining two words lingered on her lips , Miriam crying now .
tr	PRES	" Babe , every woman loves chocolate . "
tr	PRES	The nature of the job pushes people together . "
tr	PRES	he snaps , rage flaring as he regains his balance and barrels toward me .
tr	PAST	He lingered , warming himself at the hearth of their presence .
tr	PAST	The evil doctor grunted and stumbled but quickly regained his footing and lunged again .
tr	PAST	I trusted you with my heart and you know how God damn hard that is for me to do . "
tr	PRES	She folds her arms .
tr	PRES	Max stares at Mr. Kent .
tr	PAST	Tiny shards bounced off me harmlessly , clanging off the floor like wind chimes .
tr	PRES	Caleb talks as if the thing can think and plan an attack .
tr	PRES	I sob when he brings me a piece of Gramps 's apple pie .
tr	PRES	He glances at my uniform with a surprised look on his face .
tr	PRES	" At least , we assume .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , and I swear the security guard could hear it .
tr	PRES	" The casket ? "
tr	PRES	It uses no power and no chemicals .
tr	PAST	I pondered that as the black SUV I was in came to a stop outside a set of tall iron gates .
tr	PRES	" Is it dyed ? "
tr	PAST	The lukewarm beads caressed her like a liquid orgasm tingling over her dry , scraped skin .
tr	PRES	Emma stands in front of her door ; she puts her ear to it as though she anticipates something terrible .
tr	PAST	Chapter 36 It didn 't take me long to find Piper .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Ms. Masters .
tr	PRES	Across the street , a building lies in ruins .
tr	PRES	" This isn 't a spaceship , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	Finally , without looking at her , I just blurt out what I 've thought for a while .
tr	PRES	His tone suddenly stern frustration and I glanced up just in time to see his eyes flash with anger .
tr	PRES	He wears a forming bruise and a cut .
tr	PRES	Or falls off a bridge .
tr	PAST	The sparkling threads dove into her , gleefully wrapping her in a gleaming wiry mesh .
tr	PAST	I sensed its great trust in her ... and in itself .
tr	PAST	" We all know what you have done for us , " he gritted .
tr	PAST	Peaches circled me again , wondering why I 'd stopped petting him .
tr	PRES	The controls shine as if they 've been recently polished .
tr	PAST	Because I 'd trusted the wrong person .
tr	PAST	It already exploded once , and they just rebuilt it .
tr	PRES	People assume when you are a professional that you have things figured out .
tr	PRES	She hates being rescued . "
tr	PAST	The husky catch in her question caressed the skin on the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	Aria returns the salute .
tr	PAST	I mailed several letters to the both of you , but he returned all of them unopened .
tr	PAST	It washed over her , into her , wrapped itself around her heart and soul , but none of that mattered .
tr	PAST	To protect Auntie , the diminutive eighteen-year-old quickly floated into the room and positioned herself between them .
tr	PAST	I jabbed him in the stomach .
tr	PRES	It stands for an E. And the image that looks like a carrot stands for the letter S. " Aria looked at the wall again .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me .
tr	PAST	I 'm so sorry I haven 't been able to keep my word , " Jewell exclaimed a millisecond before he launched himself into her arms .
tr	PRES	" What date range ? "
tr	PAST	The Aubrey 's office building acted as a gatehouse , traffic passing through its archway to the courtyard and factory beyond .
tr	PAST	We crawled along it as quietly as we could , our breaths coming hard and fast in the enclosed space .
tr	PRES	He reaches into the pocket of his robe and retrieves a glistening silver ring embellished with violet gems that outline a massive lavender stone .
tr	PAST	" Hey , you didn 't object when we were on our way out there , " Ice chided , wearing a half smile .
tr	PAST	The wind whipped my hair as I turned my head .
tr	PAST	Silently he regarded my expression for a minute and then quietly he said , " I did lose you ... didn 't I ? "
tr	PRES	A sly grin curves up on his face .
tr	PRES	His face loses all color and he drops to his feet in a disheveled lump on the floor .
tr	PAST	She adjusted a quiver on her shoulder to better assist him standing up straight .
tr	PRES	" You are so beautiful , " he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	A breeze swooped over the fence and rustled my rose trees .
tr	PAST	In haste , he unzipped Kara 's sports bag and rifled through it .
tr	PRES	One room that we pass by holds several people surrounded by guards .
tr	PAST	He toasted his search teams , who fanned out even now to burn the last of the bodies up in the rocks .
tr	PRES	She wishes she could say this marks progress .
tr	PAST	He slapped seventy-five thousand dollars onto her lap .
tr	PAST	His control shattered as the pleasure pumped through him .
tr	PAST	I prowled forward , passing them with a smirk .
tr	PRES	" Does anyone ever swim in the pool ? "
tr	PAST	The road winds higher through the foothills , and after a day you have reached the foot of the pass .
tr	PRES	Now Charming begged for him to do it again .
tr	PRES	I abandon my hair and lie down just for a moment .
tr	PAST	I cringed , trying to imagine the searing pain .
tr	PAST	Before she could answer , Beth squealed in surprise as Nick walked up behind her and pulled her back against him .
tr	PAST	I emerged , sputtering water .
tr	PAST	Luckily , your fiancé stated that you are right-handed .
tr	PRES	And to these ancestor spirits . "
tr	PAST	He 's really a teddy bear , " she lied .
tr	PRES	I HAVE SEEN YOU AT THE BEACH .
tr	PAST	At once she flung herself into his arms , uncaring what he might think .
tr	PAST	Del a attempted to do the same , although Del a 's smile looked more like a snarl .
tr	PRES	" She brings her car in now and then . "
tr	PRES	Jill deserves to go out for a good time , anyway .
tr	PRES	Somebody slams a door inside the small red brick office on his right .
tr	PAST	He snorted , his body tensed .
tr	PRES	A distant world holds smart phones , internet routers , and augmented vision -- but is it really a better place ?
tr	PRES	He lets out another desperate sounding chuckle .
tr	PRES	She stops laughing and looks at me seriously .
tr	PAST	Before I could ask him about it , his iPhone vibrated in his pocket .
tr	PRES	" I feel energies outside the castle , " Paul mumbled as he looked towards the castle walls .
tr	PRES	" So many tests .
tr	PAST	I propped myself onto my elbow .
tr	PRES	" Good lad . "
tr	PRES	What brings you to the city ? "
tr	PRES	Raffaele only returns my look with his level gaze .
tr	PAST	' My husband works downstairs , you know , ' she wavered , wiping her eyes a little .
tr	PRES	You shone the light down one end of the tunnel and it continued on beyond what the naked eye could see .
tr	PAST	" More , " she practically sobbed .
tr	PRES	" I know , " he chuckles .
tr	PAST	There was a round of applause , through which , I replayed what had just happened .
tr	PRES	Your bodies belong to the Void . "
tr	PAST	It vibrated through her whole body , shredding her vocal cords and trumpeting from her lips .
tr	PRES	But graphic design lets me be just as creative as drawing does , and employ my mind in other ways , too .
tr	PAST	Too courageous to run , replayed in his head .
tr	PAST	And then she wept silently .
tr	PAST	Remembering all the girly doe-eyed expressions he 'd seen from the stage he pondered how different Linda 's had been .
tr	PRES	His teeth shone like pearls , marred only by a noticeable gap in the front two .
tr	PAST	" No , " he uttered in disbelief .
tr	PRES	" Bea Lillie loves it .
tr	PAST	Before anyone would hazard a guess , Lisa 's radio buzzed .
tr	PAST	The Mario Bros theme song exploded out the speakers ; the title screen for the arcade version of Super Mario sprang up on the Blackberry .
tr	PRES	Folding her arms stubbornly , Olivia stares her dad down .
tr	PAST	His gut churned , letting him know in no uncertain terms that he didn 't like disappointing her .
tr	PAST	I tuned out the work as I watched her .
tr	PRES	Brushing her hair back as their lips parted , he whispered , " Sleep . "
tr	PRES	She really likes to leave an impression .
tr	PRES	He absently twirls a piece of my hair as we chat .
tr	PAST	Or at least away from Rodney for a while . "
tr	PRES	My other self paces through the yard and paused near the swing .
tr	PAST	An icy wind battled with the warmth of the sunshine .
tr	PAST	I writhed , unable to control what he did to me .
tr	PAST	Jane nodded in agreement then hesitantly enquired , " what happens if he returns from the excursion ? "
tr	PRES	It may just be a coincidence , " I mumbled aloud .
tr	PRES	" Should we cal an ambulance ? "
tr	PAST	The spiders chased them for a while , then milled around in the distance and one by one , turned up their legs and died .
tr	PRES	" I 'm serious , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	More blades emerged from the dark , presumably while Deirdre was still transforming into her demonic aspect .
tr	PAST	Julian caressed her untamed hair out of her face .
tr	PRES	Just ... most pleasant .
tr	PAST	But speaking of senses , something acrid and musty penetrated my awareness .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and rub my palms together like an evil villain .
tr	PRES	How could she crave his body to the point of letting him push her beyond every boundary , real or imagined , she thought she had ?
tr	PAST	Natalia gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	Z crumpled the card and tossed it in the fire .
tr	PAST	I prayed that I wouldn 't perspire too much during the training session .
tr	PRES	He complies , claws resting on his legs .
tr	PRES	" Definitely chocolate . "
tr	PRES	The barb stung , especially because Claire couldn 't be sure it wasn 't true .
tr	PRES	Mr. Caster glares at me , and Phil looks curious .
tr	PRES	Ann squeaks , " But she 's alive ? "
tr	PRES	My hands are shaking with my nerves , my palms sweaty .
tr	PRES	" Whoa , lady , settle down .
tr	PAST	Merritt motioned for a waitress to come and open a new bottle .
tr	PAST	Then I cocked my head toward where Pa was laid out on the ground .
tr	PRES	And they await you . "
tr	PRES	Trinity slowly sneaks off to her hiding spot and grabs her coat .
tr	PRES	I lean against the door , exhaling slowly .
tr	PRES	Serena blushes as she stares at his calves .
tr	PAST	All of a sudden he sensed another presence in the room .
tr	PAST	" Hey , Errol , can you be my partner ? "
tr	PAST	Approaching the bar Calvin announced , ' Everyone this is my girlfriend Katherine and our flatmate Amy . '
tr	PRES	Cash helps me look for ewes with new lambs .
tr	PRES	Slowly , I lean toward the window .
tr	PAST	She crumpled the bloody towel with trembling hands , her heart suddenly slamming against her chest .
tr	PAST	Madeline 's razor-sharp nails split the skin of her inner arm in warning .
tr	PRES	Falling to his knees , he pulls her to his chest , holding her tightly , he begins to cry .
tr	PRES	The eagle falls then disappears , before hitting the soft sand .
tr	PRES	I promised , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	His nanny usually cooks , but she 's away this week . "
tr	PAST	" I wanted to say ... uh ... what you did that day ... " Good gods , was she going to get emotional on him ?
tr	PAST	Five minutes later , Leslie 's secretary buzzed her .
tr	PRES	" Then you really do have my picture between your mattresses , " he teased .
tr	PRES	When they part like a curtain , Serena tries to focus beyond them .
tr	PRES	" Heya pal ! "
tr	PRES	The tape I was holding snaps down on Mason 's hand painfully .
tr	PRES	The less snow and more pine needles the better . "
tr	PRES	Someday , more people are either on off or leave , it affects quality .
tr	PRES	" Yes , you 're a pretty baby , " I murmur to it .
tr	PRES	He was pressed into me , chests rising and falling in time , hands on the wall either side of my head .
tr	PAST	The doctors predicted he was going to die in a day or two at the most , but Amelia sat with him resolutely , day and night .
tr	PAST	She measured the alleyway for an escape and made sure no one else was watching her .
tr	PAST	He projected indifference , a complete lack of interest in the information that Rick was imparting to him .
tr	PAST	Bret sniffed and wiped the snot away from his upper lip .
tr	PRES	Black hair falls in waves around his ears .
tr	PAST	" I messed up .
tr	PAST	Putting their hands over their faces , and stumbling into furniture , they exited the front door thirty seconds before the entire ceiling collapsed .
tr	PRES	I chuckle , " But you love me anyway . "
tr	PRES	Finally lifting a single hand , the monster begins to laugh in its gravelly , distorted tone as Link prepares to block the coming attack .
tr	PRES	That throws me off the slightest bit .
tr	PAST	" Has Isabel Red and her squad secured Sally Blue ? "
tr	PAST	Mr. Bachman dialed out on the office phone on the officer 's desk .
tr	PAST	Other people advanced their ability all the time ; it couldn 't be that bad .
tr	PAST	Misty caressed his face , wanting in , wanting him .
tr	PAST	" A trusted source . "
tr	PRES	It helps , I must admit , if they 're the good guys .
tr	PAST	Daniel lingered as the Smiths moved to their own car and drove away .
tr	PAST	Julia defended the situation .
tr	PRES	" Yes you do , Mitch .
tr	PAST	So lonely , I felt myself crumbling , unable to even watch , just drenching the arm of the chair with all the loneliness I carried .
tr	PRES	My heart speeds up again , adrenaline pumping through my system .
tr	PRES	" Go swim and leave me alone . "
tr	PAST	The enclosed space provided by the tent quickly accumulated enough snow to require constant brushing off , otherwise the task would have to be abandoned .
tr	PRES	Dirk chuckles at Wes .
tr	PRES	" To the stream , idiot .
tr	PRES	" Google , my friend , Google . "
tr	PAST	Her new extended family .
tr	PAST	Hundreds of lines of code scrolled by in seconds .
tr	PRES	Again , that surprisingly , gains a laugh from the group .
tr	PAST	I toe the table leg with my slipper .
tr	PRES	And it never , never stops . "
tr	PAST	Then , after stripping herself naked , she hopped into the tub and thoroughly enjoyed her long bath , nearly dozing off at times .
tr	PRES	Since the attack occurred at my home , I assume this has to do with me , not the woman . "
tr	PAST	She motioned towards the top step beside David and took a seat .
tr	PAST	Rose cringed at Tappan , who glowed at the prospect of being considered a " gentleman . "
tr	PAST	It smashed into the first Mercedes in the line , exploding the car on impact .
tr	PRES	Mel pushes up on her toes and kisses me .
tr	PRES	He mutters apologetically , his features are torn , and his stare bores into my eyes , pleading with me to answer .
tr	PAST	" I froze up .
tr	PAST	Several of the children stole a glance at the shiny red scales behind Astrid .
tr	PAST	But he trusted his own people .
tr	PAST	He squinted his bronze eyes as he stared at me , warring with some decision in his head .
tr	PRES	" What about Roth ? "
tr	PAST	What she saw froze her heart .
tr	PRES	' With a pointy hat ? '
tr	PAST	I motioned for the next child to step forward and when she did , I startled .
tr	PRES	" What about Barbie ?
tr	PRES	His nearness was overwhelming , his face and lips just inches away .
tr	PRES	The dark smudge to the east growing lighter .
tr	PAST	A killing machine designed to protect Carpathians and humans alike from evil .
tr	PRES	he snaps , dragging her with him .
tr	PRES	His eyes pierce me .
tr	PRES	I teased , though I still wasn 't buying any of it .
tr	PRES	" The leopard lily ? "
tr	PRES	" I merely await the arrival of the other child .
tr	PAST	Flying projectiles attempted to take her down all along the way , but unsuccessfully .
tr	PAST	Logan just steered us towards the looming mountains , and our chosen streets ran nearer to the shadowy peaks .
tr	PAST	Lowering my window , I flung the knife into the field on the opposite side of the road before turning back to the youth .
tr	PAST	Concealed beneath a black mask and hood , she willed herself to melt into the shadows , to become nothing more than a slip of darkness .
tr	PAST	" Don 't , " she urged , framing his face in her hands .
tr	PAST	But Christine sensed that the darkness having evoked such passion had also generated twinges of embarrassment .
tr	PRES	" This belongs to you .
tr	PRES	He stands as if he 's a statue , with the shotgun still pointed at JT 's lifeless body .
tr	PRES	All the things she 'd ever heard about the earth spinning too fast and blood rushing and limbs going numb ... they were all happening .
tr	PAST	He claimed that it helped him concentrate .
tr	PRES	He stands up and paces the room .
tr	PRES	" Right , because during the day , the sun over powers any signals from the stars with white noise . "
tr	PAST	It rumbled to a stop after a few seconds and I couldn 't believe my eyes .
tr	PAST	She squinted , and her mind twisted up in confusion as she finally beheld the ... ... man ?
tr	PAST	Torrance readied a drill .
tr	PAST	Ainsley hurried to him as Cameron seized the poker and jabbed the paper deep into the coals .
tr	PAST	The concern he felt for her and Max bothered him .
tr	PAST	Her phone beeped , and for a second , Ali thought Aria had written back .
tr	PRES	" She likes Lewis . "
tr	PAST	She had openly slapped me in front of everyone .
tr	PRES	He lets me have it all .
tr	PRES	I hope it 's uneven , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Julie cocked her head .
tr	PAST	I wavered on the edge , gripping at the mattress , watching my attacker regain his breath .
tr	PRES	They fulfill their Wants to stay powerful .
tr	PAST	Ken extended his wings , and dashed upward , colliding with Silver .
tr	PRES	If you approve turning them loose , of course .
tr	PAST	Marisa received a text from Jesse Thomas thirty minutes later , telling her to meet him at her bedroom window .
tr	PAST	" I had to ... , " I faltered , my face burning .
tr	PAST	" There 's really no need , " Matthew reassured him .
tr	PAST	" I kind of zoned out a bit there . "
tr	PAST	I brightened despite myself .
tr	PAST	The dark gray track circled the football field and gleamed in the Texas sun .
tr	PRES	I punch him , right on the side of his rib cage at the same time as I raise my knee up to his groin .
tr	PRES	Then I quickly strip off my jacket and shirt before crawling on top of her .
tr	PRES	I walked across the living room , my footsteps ringing on the shiny wooden floorboards .
tr	PAST	Jim exclaimed , " They deserve better than this !
tr	PRES	Elijah reaches over and touches her hand .
tr	PRES	Just teach me how . "
tr	PAST	Her tongue flicked over his throat and he cursed , his body tightening .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head resulted in Fin pulling her closer to his side .
tr	PRES	If you can 't find something just yell . "
tr	PAST	Alex tugged on her hand .
tr	PAST	He yawned as he scratched the arm that up until a short time ago had also had a bullet in it .
tr	PAST	He charged through the last of the thick overgrowth separating him from the village that was just down the river from his compound .
tr	PRES	" No , James , this isn 't a good idea , " I plead quietly .
tr	PRES	" I forgot something , " he whispers in my ear , turning me toward him .
tr	PAST	" Are there no wolves where you live ? "
tr	PRES	Al ' ice plays with the torn silks of my skirt as I recall the events .
tr	PRES	" It pays the bills .
tr	PAST	Then Roar hopped to his feet .
tr	PAST	In front of the goal , the Riverside players slapped their striker on the back , celebrating .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted with her hands a moment , then covered her mouth with one hand .
tr	PAST	Not that she missed any part of her soul that she willingly gave for every atrocious sin she committed . "
tr	PAST	Keeping my eyes on the wall , my voice fell flat , dejected .
tr	PRES	Lorne sells different kinds of stationery , as well as the stamps needed to mail things outside the Courtyard .
tr	PRES	" Go away , Finn , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	We race to the window and jump toward safety .
tr	PRES	He reaches his arm over my shoulder and draws back the curtain for me .
tr	PAST	Alex 's blue green eyes twinkled at the mention of the hot water springs and how they were used in the heating and lighting of the homes .
tr	PAST	He stopped , head cocked enjoying the silence suddenly broken by the guttural call of a pheasant .
tr	PRES	A group remains directly on course with our ship . "
tr	PRES	She opens the door and glances back over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	Haven toyed with the hem of her shirt , mulling over Celia 's words .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mutter while keeping my head down .
tr	PAST	He risked his life when he threw himself after Sharmila .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " he murmurs , plopping down next to me .
tr	PRES	So far from killing the taste of the egg and the tripe and the cabbage , it actually brings it out .
tr	PAST	Cain motioned for her to keep her voice down .
tr	PRES	I bow to the inevitable .
tr	PAST	The women squealed , and then they pounced on Lance like lionesses on prey .
tr	PAST	Their breathing mingled in heated , intoxicating kisses that only increased the passion growing between them .
tr	PRES	His mouth slightly opens as he takes the other end of the pepper into his mouth .
tr	PRES	" Right , 'cause I 'm a monster who can 't control herself and would eat her ... her best friend . "
tr	PRES	Cool points for Blake .
tr	PRES	" How long before they arrive ? "
tr	PAST	Pipes running everywhere , overpressure vents , gauges , fly wheels , and thin metal handrails circled the complex .
tr	PRES	" And I wish I could fix what happened , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	" Just when you think you have all the pieces , the puzzle changes . "
tr	PRES	She probably hates you now . "
tr	PRES	Everyone who works on Renaissance carries one .
tr	PRES	The floor creaks loudly as I step across it to turn it off .
tr	PAST	Another hunger pain seized her , doubling her over .
tr	PAST	Got a piano here . '
tr	PRES	There remains a traitor in your midst .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , fighting to hold back the tears and the music stopped in that same breath .
tr	PAST	Gary fanned the flatulence Brian 's way .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the monster charged .
tr	PRES	" For sure , Tessa .
tr	PRES	And I ruined everything ! "
tr	PAST	" You two are such jerks , " Aly mumbled only to me .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER NINE Terrance exited the building as soon as the service ended and ran for his vehicle .
tr	PAST	Once he had satisfied his lust with the novelty of it , by eighteen such attentions only served to annoy him .
tr	PAST	While he was speaking Messenger translated briefly .
tr	PRES	Zuzana deserves better than guy nature .
tr	PAST	Boy 412 gritted his teeth ; he wasn 't sure , but right now it felt horribly like this was the Die part of the test .
tr	PAST	Soon the girls reappeared striding his way .
tr	PRES	She opens her purse and produces a bottle of multicolored sprinkles .
tr	PAST	" No ... " Catherine exhaled and paused dramatically .
tr	PRES	He mentions something he thinks happened , and they tell him if it 's true or imagined , usually followed by a brief explanation .
tr	PRES	My footsteps echo in the empty chamber .
tr	PAST	I froze , wondering whose shoe it was , and then I remembered .
tr	PAST	" I circled around last night , so it might be closer than I thought . "
tr	PRES	Searching for Sebastian among the small crowd at the reception , she wove by the guests milling around the Landis compound pool .
tr	PRES	The sticker stands out on the nice car like a sore thumb and seems oddly out of place .
tr	PRES	I said , drawing chuckles from the others .
tr	PRES	" Mark , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" They cycle through a number of phases of chemistry and it requires several coats of paint and vapor depositions .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered , although the members in white T-shirts were visibly disappointed .
tr	PRES	Push the button . "
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the throat , ignored his strangled gurgle , scrambled to my feet and headed for the exit .
tr	PRES	Whenever that happens , she disappears on me . "
tr	PRES	Once we 're dressed and driving again , James stops at the gas station to get us snacks , our improvised dinner .
tr	PRES	Blake helps me onto the camel 's back , and I am borne up .
tr	PRES	The league loves it because it puts butts into seats . "
tr	PAST	I freed you , and you bolted . "
tr	PAST	While Lea tried to regain her balance , Hilda charged in and threw a left , which knocked Lea down again .
tr	PAST	I rinsed my mouth and walked out past her to sit on the bed .
tr	PAST	Leaves swirled up around them so fast and thick that for a moment Nadia thought they were being rushed at by a flock of birds .
tr	PRES	He disappears through the door and I turn to say something to Nicole .
tr	PAST	Seven of Jake 's friends all squished themselves into that little front room - I could hardly breathe .
tr	PRES	Just little pushes before , but ... Now this .
tr	PRES	He opens a drawer on his desk and takes out a thick book .
tr	PAST	He rinsed it clean and left it spread out to dry , then hurried back .
tr	PAST	Raffaello Palazzo 's voice rumbled through the air causing Ari to jump in her seat .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha .
tr	PAST	Ainsley eyed the glass in some trepidation .
tr	PRES	I chuckle in remembrance every time I pass a Forever 21 .
tr	PRES	A certain rhythm falls into place as our dialogues evolve .
tr	PRES	The detective swears , before saying , " Get her out of here before she 's sick . "
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , wide enough to scream , but he only manages to emit a strangled whine .
tr	PAST	Luther cocked his head to one side and took a step closer to Liam .
tr	PAST	He estimated that would take about two seconds .
tr	PAST	Winkler provided two of his company-owned SUVs , so we were loaded up and hauled off to Winkler 's home outside Denton .
tr	PAST	For the first time , his cool demeanor wavered .
tr	PAST	she inquired , wanting to hear what he had to say for himself , before Julian got his hands upon him .
tr	PAST	I jolted up and stared out the front windshield .
tr	PRES	You throw a stick , they race after it .
tr	PRES	Luthor draws closer to me , so close that I can feel the heat of his body burning my skin .
tr	PRES	Serena remembers her secret weapon ; the miniature arrow fastened to her front .
tr	PRES	" What about a vehicle ? "
tr	PRES	" Perhaps he hates you . "
tr	PAST	I bat Ares 's hand away and giggle .
tr	PAST	She yawned , still tired from waking up so early , and padded back outside .
tr	PAST	" Drink it slowly , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	Surprise jolted him and reminded him he should have done his research on their executive board .
tr	PRES	It pisses me off that they 're willing to risk Star being uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	When she got through , Noah 's secretary advised her that Noah was in a meeting .
tr	PRES	The curtain slides open , followed by the squeak of the faucet turning off .
tr	PRES	" Reagan , " I bark .
tr	PRES	But , as you say it could well be we repair to your plantations in Jamaica .
tr	PAST	I lay there on my stomach , hand still outstretched , panting .
tr	PRES	My back arches as he cups my breasts through my thin cotton tee shirt , letting his thumbs brush over my hard nipples .
tr	PRES	" My mom hates it there .
tr	PAST	Striking another , he proceeded across the room and into the hallway .
tr	PAST	He motioned behind him , the grin never leaving his face .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PAST	' You stole the Scales .
tr	PRES	" Of course , master . "
tr	PAST	" Oh , no , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Della stiffened her backbone and told one more lie .
tr	PRES	" And Auntie Keita ?
tr	PRES	Sibyl loves Victoria Sponge so I made her one especially . "
tr	PRES	His eyes shine with pleasure in my direction .
tr	PAST	He shuffled through his papers , looking down at them , not at me .
tr	PRES	He judges my neck and wrists .
tr	PRES	The commander plucked a metal chair from the corner and straddled it , his arms resting along the back .
tr	PAST	" We are in luck , my Lord , " a bright-eyed woodsman from the Wolds reported .
tr	PRES	He presses the tip of a fat pointer finger on my desk .
tr	PRES	Or at least allies . "
tr	PAST	She doubted that there was an etiquette rule that covered this situation .
tr	PRES	" Did they feed you okay in the hospital ? "
tr	PRES	" Mikhail wishes us to see that you are safe . "
tr	PAST	A high-pitched female voice floated down from the neighboring sailboat .
tr	PAST	The wakeboard floated on its side in front of me as I crouched behind it with my knees spread .
tr	PAST	Someone taps me on the arm ; I turn and look , Mason .
tr	PRES	She lets out a snicker .
tr	PAST	Reece cocked her head to the side , trying to follow him .
tr	PRES	I snuck into Jules ' room to visit while she packed .
tr	PRES	And dress warmly . "
tr	PRES	He glances at the door his father just slammed .
tr	PRES	" And you , Gregor .
tr	PRES	I know , ' she sighs dreamily .
tr	PRES	And this applies to my good actions too .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed while raising my eyebrows .
tr	PRES	I crack up when JJ cal s out , " I 'm ready for my photo op , Jordan ! "
tr	PAST	He slowed his approach , grabbed Sara 's hand , and pulled her against his body as they hugged the side of the tunnel .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded in her ribs , burning so badly she wondered if he 'd managed to puncture a lung .
tr	PRES	" New drapes ? "
tr	PRES	Kevin stands up and holds a hand out to me .
tr	PRES	Undeterred , Olivia launches into her big explanation .
tr	PRES	It tries again , but fails .
tr	PRES	Finally , the image matches the real brick on the original wall , texture and all .
tr	PAST	A foul belch of putrefaction exited , leaving the air inside somewhat less polluted .
tr	PRES	A rock falls , echoes with a soft clear shuffling sound .
tr	PRES	Your sister likes a drop now and then , but you don 't touch the stuff , do you ? '
tr	PAST	" Now , Mister Clarence , " she proceeded , lowering her voice and starting a slow pacing movement before me .
tr	PRES	Dear Cinderella , The news that you have shared fills me with great joy !
tr	PAST	" You dreamed about things that would happen ? "
tr	PAST	About how the Flare destroyed your brain , slowly driving you insane and stripping you of the capacity to feel basic human emotions like compassion or empathy .
tr	PAST	I crouched to watch as he reached in again .
tr	PRES	" Let 's just get out of here , ok ?
tr	PAST	After a moment of silence he caved .
tr	PAST	He acted really weird about it . "
tr	PRES	Howard stands to inherit a hefty sum should our marriage fail . "
tr	PAST	Shea groped behind her for the wall .
tr	PRES	The man exclaimed as he rose his bow and arrow , " therefore . "
tr	PAST	' So I believe , nothing reported though . '
tr	PAST	I tugged my pillow over my face as if it could block out everything I didn 't want to see .
tr	PRES	" She loves you . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles , and I can imagine his lips are curved into a mischievous grin .
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled through the skies .
tr	PRES	He strokes my breasts , seemingly absent-minded .
tr	PRES	He fel like a stone .
tr	PRES	The screen then changes to show a new image , and Ryan continues , " Now this is a satellite image from today .
tr	PRES	" Did you steal from the Queen you served ? "
tr	PRES	The door opens ; the cell 's bars make way for the hall , a new rotation of prison guards , freedom .
tr	PAST	She cups her hand over to mouth to hold in a snigger .
tr	PAST	he hollered to Todd , who was scouting the refrigerator for a snack .
tr	PRES	Catherine enters with some Juice and granola .
tr	PAST	He attended to her wounds with a first aid kit .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes and leans forward , causing me to slide out of her almost completely .
tr	PAST	A humming noise arose from deep in the pit , rapidly growing into a roar , accompanied by an irregular banging and the screeches of tearing metal .
tr	PAST	Everyone piled into the lift .
tr	PAST	she stated more than asked him and moved closer , her sword dropping slightly , seeming less threatening .
tr	PAST	Chapter 54 Destro stormed past Sergeant Major Duncan and into his private office , slamming the door behind him .
tr	PAST	He adjusted her body until she was pressed firmly against him , as intimately as possible while they were both still fully dressed .
tr	PRES	All the Walkers who 've ever been captured ... " You finally get it . "
tr	PRES	For Juliette it didn 't end , her body rippling with aftershocks , colors bursting behind her eyes and fireworks going off in her mind .
tr	PRES	Nicole returns , continuing to type .
tr	PRES	To it , I add a handwritten copy of a Pablo Neruda poem , " Leaning into the Afternoons . "
tr	PRES	Because someone pays you .
tr	PRES	" It would not have been fitting , Partner Elijah .
tr	PAST	At the top of the stairs , Max screeched .
tr	PRES	" Please stop flattering my wife , William .
tr	PRES	" She loves it , doesn 't she ? "
tr	PRES	Cuckoo , she mouths to me .
tr	PAST	A shaft of sunlight pierced through the blue , lighting up a dozen different shades .
tr	PAST	Then I fling it into the woods .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the small box under one arm , then took her hand and led her back outside , to the deck .
tr	PAST	And even that action on his part bothered him .
tr	PRES	I urge everyone to stay calm , work through issues and problems together as a community , and remember who you are .
tr	PAST	He produced a crumpled comic , pushed my coffee cup to one side and put the comic in front of me .
tr	PRES	" That 's what she said , " Carson mutters .
tr	PAST	And the world around her ceased to exist .
tr	PRES	" For you , silly . "
tr	PRES	Until then we belong to Mother . "
tr	PAST	The scale tipped in her favor .
tr	PAST	He zipped it back up and put the coat on .
tr	PAST	I doubted some of the Administration class even knew people lived up on the roofs .
tr	PRES	Her body shimmers into view behind the young duchess .
tr	PRES	" Should I open the jar , Mistress Pol ? "
tr	PAST	The city around them , at least what remained of it , bore similarities to a civilization that once thrived .
tr	PRES	I attract it the way a magnet attracts things .
tr	PRES	Fingers brushing strands of sweaty hair from my eyes .
tr	PRES	" Okay , lean into me then . "
tr	PRES	You ruined everything . "
tr	PRES	She reaches into her purse and retrieves her keys .
tr	PRES	It stank of rot and burned wood .
tr	PRES	He fel into it , and stared at the floor .
tr	PRES	No amount of explaining helps .
tr	PAST	Someone he trusted enough to take into that passageway .
tr	PAST	He sniffed his nose heavily and swallowed .
tr	PRES	You healed my broken heart . "
tr	PRES	∞ Pain ... suffering ... madness ... They were all so familiar to him they had become redundant .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not hungry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	He begins to fiddle with my door .
tr	PAST	Slowly , he perceived faint movements in the cloudy forefront of his vision .
tr	PRES	" ... bound in the flesh , O Flame ... but thy Fire , ' tis rising ... " Sarah felt herself flush red and fight harder .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , yanking away from Paige violently .
tr	PAST	At last I plunged into the cold water .
tr	PRES	The cry passes , like a siren dying away .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head around .
tr	PAST	Somewhere along the way , anger replaced fear .
tr	PAST	I sensed the beginning of a minor display of drama and tensed in preparation .
tr	PAST	" Charlie , " I mumbled , trying to shake off the stupor .
tr	PAST	He washed the salve off his shielded hands and then , dropping the shield , washed his hands again .
tr	PRES	" You know what will happen , " Robin whispers .
tr	PRES	He stands and follows me , twisting in and out of my legs , as I make my way to the cabinet .
tr	PAST	Jon adjusted his wounded arm and leaned over his legs to peer at the document .
tr	PAST	Lara froze , and for a moment she felt her heart stop .
tr	PRES	He glares at me .
tr	PRES	" We must " " In that case , you will need hard and fast proof that you are right . "
tr	PRES	She hardly lets me finish before she interrupts .
tr	PRES	" Vampire fey that hunt their own kind . "
tr	PAST	Immediately conjuring up the image of Francesca sitting in Investigator Finch 's cubicle , scratched and bruised from her confrontation with Vaughn , he stiffened .
tr	PRES	" Please let her try , " he begged in a rumbling whisper .
tr	PRES	The court file listed eight as counsel of record for the plaintiff , and nine for the defense .
tr	PAST	Pulling a pair of tweezers from the first aid kit , she squinted in the light , examining the glass before clamping down on it .
tr	PAST	Her hands groped for more seeds from her pockets .
tr	PRES	A metal hand reaches in through my chest and clamps down on my heart .
tr	PAST	I wrap myself around him , inviting him in .
tr	PRES	Her eyes were so intense , like she could read every blink , every muscle twitch .
tr	PRES	She loves me and I know that , even if she has a hard time expressing her feelings .
tr	PAST	They trusted his wisdom and skills .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , in your dreams , " Danny teased .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth as the vampire neared .
tr	PAST	He eyed the paring knife with sad , yearning eyes .
tr	PRES	" Until next time , Princess . "
tr	PAST	I hopped over a few roofs and dropped into the market , grabbing his arm and pushing him out .
tr	PRES	He plays with my curls as he coats each strand , strokes my scalp .
tr	PRES	" This story is ridiculous , " states Mr. Smith .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked his shirt , causing the fabric to stick to him .
tr	PAST	Two men emerged from the main building , catching her in the Warrior Pose .
tr	PAST	" Of course , " Aria lied .
tr	PAST	If she charged it ?
tr	PRES	Couldn 't really call it a pep rally because it was just a bunch of students getting drunk in the name of football .
tr	PAST	She averted her gaze and cleared her throat .
tr	PAST	Neil zigzagged through the trees until he reached camp .
tr	PAST	Finally , after what seemed like an eternity , William reappeared .
tr	PAST	The smell conjured up that night as vividly as though she 'd just lived it .
tr	PRES	He holds out the cookie container .
tr	PRES	" Lucy , " she begged from the living room .
tr	PRES	It just slipped out , " he explains with a cute grin that makes me melt .
tr	PRES	I dive into the water , a second time , kicking my boots and paddling my arms .
tr	PAST	I jabbed the doorbell with a finger and waited .
tr	PAST	He pitched his voice low and eased in another step .
tr	PAST	Kylie almost attempted to pull away .
tr	PAST	He finally slowed at the top of a small hill that gave them a better vantage point , letting out a long sigh .
tr	PRES	Before we eat , she cracks opens the fleshy gray-green leaf , careful to avoid its serrated edges and small white teeth .
tr	PAST	You lied to me .
tr	PRES	It houses six interceptors and six fighters per interceptor .
tr	PRES	" She misses your father , doesn 't she ? "
tr	PRES	It allows the tribes to speak with one tongue and washes up against the ridges that surround our valley , where it protects us . "
tr	PAST	My heart froze as she slammed the door behind me .
tr	PAST	Dean awoke to a world of brilliant white , buried to his neck in a pile of warm ivory powder .
tr	PRES	" So , what 's going on , Laura ? "
tr	PRES	" In the square by the bomb crater . "
tr	PAST	But Cain proved himself more generous than that .
tr	PAST	He hopped over and pulled me into his arms so quickly I gasped .
tr	PAST	I groped for a memory to explain it , but my mind was static fuzz .
tr	PRES	Rising , Andrew mutters " I 'm sorry " before they 're both out the door .
tr	PRES	He always mentions her in some way in his speeches , so he likes her to be nearby to receive her due credit .
tr	PAST	As Jordan stepped towards the coffins , he accidentally elbowed a couple of panicky priests in the ribs .
tr	PRES	The Guardian " Open the door or we 'll have to break in ! "
tr	PAST	He then proceeded to put a remarkable dent into it in a short amount of time .
tr	PAST	I sobered a little , watching my oldest friend over my girl 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	He quieted and took her by the shoulders , forcing her to look into his eyes .
tr	PAST	He grunted and staggered back .
tr	PAST	Then that feeling too abandoned her and panic arrived to take its place .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not frightened , " she denied desperately , thinking it might be a mistake to admit to any form of weakness .
tr	PAST	But inside , guilt snaked around her heart .
tr	PAST	Glen dove forward and gathered Doris in his arms .
tr	PAST	Christopher reappeared , carrying the items Tucker had requested .
tr	PAST	He froze , staring .
tr	PAST	He caressed her silky hair , bent to kiss her tenderly .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , thanks Rafe .
tr	PRES	Angus Turns out it wasn 't as difficult as I thought .
tr	PAST	He replaced the stethoscope around his neck .
tr	PAST	I phoned my hairdresser , who agreed to squeeze me in .
tr	PAST	I stood up , my bare feet relishing the cool grass and looked around .
tr	PAST	Joey bounced off the ropes and leaped into a flying cross-body block that landed him in a cover of Crusader .
tr	PRES	Better sell it , Eve .
tr	PAST	She tugged at his sleeve .
tr	PAST	She proceeded with the preparation in spite of that .
tr	PAST	Lodge inquired absently as he sorted through a desk drawer .
tr	PRES	' What if he hears us ? '
tr	PRES	" Well thanks for not leaving me , " her tone oozing sarcasm " but why didn 't you just lock yourself in until I returned ? "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you a sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	" She talks . "
tr	PRES	A golden dome shone brightly amid the urban sprawl .
tr	PRES	Please untie me . "
tr	PRES	" Please , please no , " she begged as she increased her struggle .
tr	PRES	I assume you do keep up to date , so you can report back to Carl my every move ? "
tr	PRES	She chokes the words out just this side of tears .
tr	PRES	" Marie , what is NIL ?
tr	PAST	A woman zipped out the back door .
tr	PAST	" Hannah phoned to thank me for my letter . "
tr	PAST	Stella shouted , her hands balled into fists at her sides .
tr	PRES	" Have , " she corrects .
tr	PRES	Louis breathes loudly through his mouth , almost snoring , one bare arm thrown around my bare back .
tr	PRES	" Are helicopter pilots topside still being told that suicide is honorable , if you 've let the government down ? "
tr	PAST	I reread the words and smiled before deleting it , just like I did all of his messages .
tr	PRES	Later , the teachers forgave them inaccuracy in their forecast because , as you know , one learns from one 's mistakes .
tr	PAST	He submitted to her whim until she touched the sapphire ring set in gold , the one he always wore .
tr	PRES	And finally Charley Davenport , grumpy , rumpled , and already overweight at thirty .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here anyway ? "
tr	PAST	He terminated the call .
tr	PRES	Seth lets go of her hips .
tr	PAST	He stole another kiss before stepping back and shifting .
tr	PRES	" So , Julia Jacobs , why do you sit here day after day by yourself ?
tr	PAST	His voice rumbled once more through her mind .
tr	PAST	I scooted away , giving him more room .
tr	PAST	His arms unfolded , and he could feel the rest of the room shift forward with him .
tr	PAST	I pinched my arm , hard , and winced in pain .
tr	PAST	He denied my request again . "
tr	PAST	He twirled her hair around his finger .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Turner ? "
tr	PAST	the intake worker inquired .
tr	PRES	" It 's older than Edward , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	I swing the backpack off of my shoulders and fling it at Dham , who 's ready for it .
tr	PAST	The flush heightened , and Harriet knew she was right .
tr	PRES	A long pause fills the connection and I think I 've lost the weirdo .
tr	PAST	The room lit for a split second , then one by one the women froze in place , their minds and bodies on hold .
tr	PAST	Five of the six young people watching the duel cheered .
tr	PRES	When I was certain that we 'd eliminated as many of the guards as we could , we all snuck into a large bathroom .
tr	PAST	Others munched on snacks .
tr	PAST	The room quieted , and after an appropriate pause , Owain Gwynedd lifted his glass .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she murmurs .
tr	PAST	The storm persisted beyond the edge of the forest .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the young woman who was standing next to him .
tr	PRES	Cary Grant , total glamour , total romance .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that right , Sakura ?
tr	PAST	Now , I instructed the filament to find the mist in the care center building .
tr	PAST	She exhaled a quick breath .
tr	PRES	She dreaded every minute of this , and it could last for hours .
tr	PAST	" Recently , " he began , wrapping his arms around her , " Mademoiselle Rousseau accompanied me on a journey to England .
tr	PRES	" Maybe because they worship cows . "
tr	PRES	" Is Mia home ? "
tr	PAST	She squinted at the screen .
tr	PRES	" A chill down my neck , perhaps , " Aunt Clara whispers .
tr	PRES	" Baby doll ? "
tr	PAST	Arms folded , she eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	He roamed out in the forest alone with only trees and animals for company , and that suited him right down to the ground .
tr	PRES	Summer glares at me , " You 're going to be waiting a while .
tr	PRES	She stands in the cracked doorway for a minute looking out at them as they walk down the hall , turning back at the end to wave .
tr	PAST	With one swing of his fist , Tork smashed the Doctor across the side of the face , grabbing the Jolt with his free hand .
tr	PAST	Jessica Silver posted her fear of privacy acts .
tr	PAST	Montana 's governor enquired .
tr	PRES	" He rarely uses his given name , and most don 't even know it . "
tr	PAST	" You had me worried this whole time , " she chided .
tr	PAST	He slapped her ass loving the sound of her squeal as he did .
tr	PAST	Gucci traded Vince the granola bar for a Snickers she withdrew from her monogrammed lunch sack .
tr	PAST	Felix scoffed , " Ave. That place doesn 't exist . "
tr	PAST	The long nose unraveled and sniffed out a pair of bowls .
tr	PRES	And strikes him again .
tr	PAST	His small , gentle groan vibrated against my lips .
tr	PRES	" Well , I du n no Carl , that 's not what I heard . "
tr	PAST	The silence that resounded throughout both armies only strengthened his words .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	" But he disapproved of me and my origins too much to accept that he could put his hand in mine . "
tr	PRES	" The flight attendant ... " She gave Rome a guilty grin .
tr	PRES	* He throws me one more glance .
tr	PRES	The cows feed themselves , after all . '
tr	PRES	I assume you know when the attack is going to be .
tr	PRES	I hesitate as I turn the doorknob , assuming I still won 't be able to open it , but it swings open .
tr	PRES	Ellie sighs deep and I feel it in my bones .
tr	PAST	Her blond hair was so light , it shone platinum in the sunlight streaming through the many windows .
tr	PAST	" Is your cell charged ? "
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PRES	" Which brings up a point .
tr	PAST	She froze in place , forcing the young man to stop with her .
tr	PRES	The ' R ' stands for ' robot . ' "
tr	PAST	Roach 's eyes , which had been very busy with a myriad of expressions , glazed over with the sheer volume of wonder at one point .
tr	PAST	He rinsed and dried her body and his own , then carried her to his bed .
tr	PAST	Max 's cauliflower ears perked to attention , " What are you talking about ? "
tr	PRES	" Fixing the perimeter sensors . "
tr	PRES	He blames himself for something he had no control over .
tr	PRES	You belong to me , and I 'm going to see to it that you never forget it . "
tr	PAST	Zack and Mark 's fathers phoned the guard , and they are confiscating all student copies . "
tr	PAST	When I heard what it was , I cringed .
tr	PRES	Contents Chapter Thirty Four " It can 't be that scary ; it 's too well spoken . "
tr	PAST	Loud conversations buzzed all around Rika , men swapping insults and bawdy songs .
tr	PAST	He untangled his finger from my hair and looked me in the eyes .
tr	PAST	She acted casual , but her eyes were watchful .
tr	PAST	As he leaned closer , his spicy cologne warped my brain into a puddle of incoherence .
tr	PRES	Eventually , the adrenalin fades from my system and the pangs on hunger return .
tr	PAST	They pretended not to hear me .
tr	PAST	He motioned to several chests buried in a corner .
tr	PRES	She holds out a small wrapped package , and my eyes water .
tr	PRES	My stomach flips over just thinking about the look on Thayer 's face before he darted off .
tr	PRES	He likes that au natural thing going on .
tr	PAST	Susan steadied him with her free hand as she urged Binky upwards through the sleet .
tr	PRES	But Sage likes you .
tr	PAST	After a few thankfully peaceful seconds he squinted and then unlocked his fingers .
tr	PAST	exploded a young groom whose burned hand Jenny had tended and bandaged herself yesterday .
tr	PAST	Power bounced into me .
tr	PRES	" That matches with their story . "
tr	PAST	I dreamed of death .
tr	PRES	Air Force One floats in and touches down on a runway in Moscow .
tr	PAST	He speculated that it might have been some kind of an internal dispute .
tr	PAST	His boots rustled in the dry , choppy grass .
tr	PRES	' That 's done the trick , ' I mutter , frowning .
tr	PRES	" Julian Cross . "
tr	PAST	Finally , my friend related the particulars of our ambush after the ball and Di Luca 's murder .
tr	PAST	But when Cooper dithered , lost his nerve , and retreated to a diner , Minster fumed .
tr	PRES	Only a mile now . "
tr	PAST	She lied to me .
tr	PRES	" Holy Jesus ! "
tr	PAST	- OK -- they talked over that where and when they 're going to meet , then said goodbye .
tr	PRES	" Is this true , Princess ? "
tr	PAST	" Once that happened to me ; I fused and picked up someone who had just acquired an animal .
tr	PAST	He wagged his tail as Joshua patted him on the head and said , " We 'll do it again soon .
tr	PRES	" Help me , " a voice whispers .
tr	PRES	" I could easily break the door down and carry you back to the bed , caveman style , " I add with a growl .
tr	PAST	Hungry for a mother 's love , he thrived in their attention , but James sensed this was different .
tr	PRES	And more Spanish ! "
tr	PRES	" Nowadays I belong to The Chosen Way . "
tr	PAST	Blackbirds swirled across the sky in a flurry of dark feathers before disappearing into a tree .
tr	PRES	Gabe glances back at us and nods once .
tr	PRES	It sells more drinks .
tr	PAST	I linger near the doorway for a while , trying to figure out what to say to her .
tr	PRES	Once you 're turned , your whole life changes .
tr	PAST	Several expressions -- annoyance , surprise , shame , and more than a touch of fear -- crawled across Brazel 's face all at once .
tr	PRES	She tries to call here sometimes , maybe she feels guilty .
tr	PAST	Strong arms circled me from behind .
tr	PRES	" Mr Shine ? "
tr	PRES	" He never ceases to surprise me . "
tr	PRES	" Safe journey . "
tr	PRES	And now this : a fork and faded blue blazes on both trails , each of which was thick with weeds .
tr	PAST	He gingerly cuffed her hands together , running the cuff on her right hand through a link of the chain before locking the cuff down .
tr	PAST	He acted impulsively , turned off the car and went in search of an area to bury the body .
tr	PAST	Damon groped for his jacket behind him , found it , and wished that his groping for his sense of humor could be as successful .
tr	PAST	What triggered it ? "
tr	PRES	" And don 't think I didn 't notice the marks , buddy .
tr	PAST	His heart and other tissue exploded out of his chest and splattered onto the floor .
tr	PRES	Kayla 's dream flashes through my memory .
tr	PRES	That girl belongs in an opera house .
tr	PAST	Nicolas exhaled irritably , " The wolves chewed off the tires .
tr	PAST	A wave of his hand produced dancing flames in the stone fireplace .
tr	PRES	" By all means , my lad .
tr	PRES	Why add more water to the equation ?
tr	PRES	" Then look into his eyes and tell him he remembers nothing of what transpired except the entertainment of the ride . "
tr	PRES	Our hybrid form helps , as does our strength . "
tr	PRES	Even the cutthroat , I have noticed , considers his actions " moral " after a fashion .
tr	PAST	The cat shuffled in her arms , trying to free himself and continue his very frustrating hunting of the wind .
tr	PAST	In her silence , she marveled over the uncharacteristic position she found herself in .
tr	PAST	Mike taps the microphone , signaling he 's almost ready to begin , and suddenly the audience quiets .
tr	PRES	" Such a fighter ... " His whisper drifted to her .
tr	PAST	Mark giggled , and said , " Cool ! "
tr	PRES	I lean back into the couch and she slides onto my lap and strokes my face with her hands .
tr	PAST	Yet the idea of leaving the house troubled her .
tr	PAST	Zoe scooted over and leaned against the tail .
tr	PAST	Hands shaking , she attempted to cut off some of the cheese .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms .
tr	PAST	She created new hissing sounds by rubbing her two front legs together .
tr	PRES	She glares at him with piercing eyes .
tr	PRES	Through wind and weather and the curiosity of kids it remains , a simple statement that God is still alive .
tr	PRES	He opens the top , and a ballet dancer stands up and twirls around to the tune of a song .
tr	PRES	" Grandmother Sinclair strikes again .
tr	PRES	" I forgive you .
tr	PAST	He swirled his tongue against hers and tasted her , lightly , softly , as if she were a fine wine .
tr	PRES	" Big red Dodge pickup . "
tr	PAST	She tipped back the water , thirsty and nervous .
tr	PAST	Robin 's eyes glazed over .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 2 Time passes strangely in the next few moments .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head .
tr	PAST	" She 's disowned , " Douglas stated calmly and Julia shook her head in amusement .
tr	PRES	" Oh , she likes them , believe me .
tr	PRES	" It 's good to see you again , Avalon , even if you are a complete and utter sell out . "
tr	PAST	Madeline jolted upright in the bed .
tr	PAST	Julie giggled as she grabbed a handful .
tr	PAST	I withdrew to the side of the amplifier .
tr	PRES	The weekend passes slowly without him .
tr	PAST	He prayed they would .
tr	PRES	Every glance , every nod ... just the way she stands ... My patron shouts her stature without even trying . "
tr	PAST	* * * * " I have a surprise for you , " Leif announced as he sauntered into my living room at seven that night .
tr	PRES	" Our business consumes you Randall .
tr	PAST	I tugged at the hem of my shirt , delaying for a few more seconds before I met his eyes again .
tr	PRES	" I assume that since I have been called back for another appointment , the board is considering my offer ? "
tr	PAST	I grunted under my breath .
tr	PAST	The image weaved over and around the hills until it came upon a rocky bluff .
tr	PAST	He studied her , measured the feel of her body against his .
tr	PRES	The day passes smoothly .
tr	PAST	Daniel sped off of the estate in his white Lamborghini Aventador .
tr	PAST	My pace slowed to a walk , and then to a complete stop .
tr	PRES	He returns his gaze to the sheet of codes .
tr	PAST	Within minutes soldiers fanned out across the city .
tr	PAST	" He can cook something to reassure you if you like , " Bricker announced suddenly .
tr	PAST	We stared at one another , our hands inches apart on the table .
tr	PRES	" Well , " I add .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my pillow and shifted to lay on my right side , giving Jeremy my back .
tr	PAST	Caden exhaled noisily , pushing me away so I could look into his eyes again .
tr	PAST	I navigated us through the hiking trails , telling Cassidy stories about the invisible world Toby and I had concocted there when we were kids .
tr	PRES	He attempts to give me a small smile but it falls just as quickly as it started .
tr	PRES	But before I can hit the ground , a strong hand grabs my arm , stops my descent in midair .
tr	PRES	In fact , I was surprised to learn that David spoke of an alien race , hosts on the space vessels , actual beings of some sort .
tr	PAST	Flashes of gold swirled in and out like some vibrant bird , beckoning me to come closer .
tr	PRES	" The Source does not live our lives for us , but inspires us , pushes us onwards .
tr	PAST	The barman slapped his hands on the bar in front of him .
tr	PRES	But it helps . "
tr	PRES	glad you 're back , " Sharon mumbled .
tr	PRES	" This essentially uses up your pay so far .
tr	PAST	She stormed away , a mountainous lump pushing against her throat .
tr	PRES	Then he returns to his post and waves forward the next few punks in line .
tr	PRES	I yell at the rebels .
tr	PRES	He 's had fits all his life .
tr	PAST	Nothing but the wind in the trees and the distant surf , Juarez 's voice sounding more and more panicked as he shouted my name .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PRES	" Armed robbery . "
tr	PRES	" You bitches always have ' ta choose the hard way when it comes to fucking .
tr	PAST	Miss Scrabble is going to tell them she solved the secret code .
tr	PRES	Jetta lets go and I rub my throat .
tr	PAST	Molly 's eyes brightened when she read the back of the cards .
tr	PAST	Brick flicked his hair with a shuffle of his neck , sending vague whiplash towards his spine .
tr	PRES	" Dead , " he stated bluntly , his voice flat , showing no emotion at all .
tr	PAST	Hephaestus and Ares leaped to their feet , but Zeus waved his hand , warding them off me . "
tr	PAST	The lead plane banked but it was slow .
tr	PAST	The man-made lake , called the La Salle Detention Basin , served as an emergency overflow for the La Salle Canal .
tr	PRES	" Oh hell , I um mean heck no !
tr	PAST	The Chamberlain brandished his bedpost at them , ready for war .
tr	PAST	The sounds of children laughing and country music floated on the summer air .
tr	PAST	He stiffened as I grazed his neck with my fangs .
tr	PRES	He tries to stop smiling , but his mouth only opens wider with delight .
tr	PAST	The author , Carl Overstreet , had done more than just list the ways to detect and destroy Vampires , he named names .
tr	PRES	" Hey , cuz ' . "
tr	PAST	Painter squinted his eyes .
tr	PAST	" Hmmm ... " Anderson pondered , " You could use this fancy Internet you kids play around on all the time now ... books , whatever .
tr	PAST	I clutched at Oliver 's arm .
tr	PAST	With a loud screech , the gryphon flapped his wings and darted up into the air .
tr	PAST	George sensed that Robbie was no longer behind him .
tr	PRES	" Ah , welcome , Lordship .
tr	PAST	I sensed motion to my right , but it was not the aliens over there .
tr	PRES	She loves your designs , and would love to meet you .
tr	PRES	" I made lots of food today , " Marian mumbled .
tr	PAST	He shudders slightly , pulling me towards him , and I feel his hardness against the itch of my fresh ink and tentatively covered scars .
tr	PRES	Frantically , my arms swing as I try to regain my balance .
tr	PRES	Because he was the new science project in the Para Unit .
tr	PRES	" Please , Gwen , " the band geek whispered .
tr	PAST	He slurred his words .
tr	PAST	Have you selected your novel yet ? "
tr	PRES	Dudley lets out a dull roar as if he were about to morph into a dragon and eviscerate me for the hell of it .
tr	PRES	A couple passes me after showing their room key to the guards at the door while others do the same thing at the elevator bank .
tr	PRES	" Vodka tonic ? "
tr	PRES	" Your fox hat ? "
tr	PRES	" You OK , Mr. Tracey ? "
tr	PAST	Just get me home and I 'll deal with this tomorrow , she prayed .
tr	PAST	He sat in his favorite chair , his hands curved around the faded upholstered arms , his gaze fixed straight ahead .
tr	PAST	He sought height , as if rising above the dwellings of man could give him a better perspective on life .
tr	PRES	He lets out a bark .
tr	PRES	" Get off me , you little brat ! "
tr	PAST	I panicked and rushed to the washroom but it was open .
tr	PRES	" Praetor Cronus ... " he corrected .
tr	PRES	Jayden inhales the cigarette and then walks over to me , exhaling the smoke in my face .
tr	PAST	The man motioned for them to sit down in the living room as he disappeared into another room .
tr	PAST	Tiny mouths ever on the verge of greeting .
tr	PRES	He fashioned a slipknot and tightened .
tr	PAST	Sye suddenly collapsed and Zook realized the source of the protection .
tr	PRES	" Did it ever occur to you to knock ? "
tr	PRES	I kil ed Anderson to protect you .
tr	PRES	" My specialty . "
tr	PAST	Slowly , reluctantly , he withdrew his finger , took another gentle pull on her breast and then lifted his head .
tr	PAST	It never ceased to amaze me how life could change in an instant ; how one moment could be euphoric and the next could be devastating .
tr	PAST	Holding tightly , he sped forward at a low trajectory , never more than a few feet high .
tr	PAST	His gaze strayed to the bed .
tr	PAST	I froze , the sound of my breathing carrying through the eerie silence .
tr	PAST	You represented your tribe well . "
tr	PAST	She advised me on a lot of the workings of Forrester as much as I explained my work style and what I expected of her .
tr	PRES	A spontaneous combustion item . "
tr	PRES	" Ivy loves strip poker , don 't you Ivy ? "
tr	PRES	Chapter Six Jamie lets out a laugh as a guy in nothing but a thong and a cowboy hat gets up close and personal in her face .
tr	PRES	My mind flicks over snapshots of his face , frozen in time .
tr	PRES	Just as I am hungry to believe I am the person he sees when he looks at me .
tr	PAST	Hanna gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	Personally , the idea of having all of the most dangerous paranormals in one small place ... um , yeah , that idea terrified Holly .
tr	PRES	Ezekiel states that God caused Nebuchadnezzar to destroy Tyre because its residents gloated over the fall of Jerusalem .
tr	PRES	He plays the field .
tr	PAST	Thomas sensed more than the aural projection , something not quite pride , but not completely separated from pride .
tr	PRES	He opens the research packet , pops the first of eighteen disks into his laptop , and begins to read .
tr	PAST	He swiped a slab of butter onto a warm piece of bread and smiled thinking of Michelle sitting across from him .
tr	PAST	My internship and job secured .
tr	PRES	Sandy brown hair , hazel eyes , dimples .
tr	PAST	The Montana governor motioned to admit the general .
tr	PRES	And pull the hood up , " Liam begins walking again .
tr	PAST	Her awareness of him heightened immediately .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not gon na fall asleep , sis .
tr	PAST	He then proceeded to hit any part of her he could .
tr	PRES	It was like how fire fills the inside of a lantern and makes it shine .
tr	PRES	Freshly washed , my hair stands on end like down on a baby bird .
tr	PRES	The room bloated with foreboding .
tr	PAST	They stiffened in sheer rebellion .
tr	PAST	A gust of massive winds sprouted out and consumed me up into the air .
tr	PRES	I chalked it up to being lonely .
tr	PRES	The speech therapist . "
tr	PRES	Dave , now the ball lies in your court unless you choose to hand it over to local police .
tr	PAST	Misty eyed them severely .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PRES	He really loves basketball and tennis . "
tr	PRES	" Old interface , but I can manage .
tr	PRES	Heat rises through my body , crawling up my neck , down my back , along my thighs .
tr	PRES	A new thought occurs to me .
tr	PRES	I " ll close up the front so you " ll have privacy and - " The door behind the warriors crashed open .
tr	PAST	I exhaled with relief .
tr	PAST	" That 's not the problem , " she sniffed .
tr	PAST	He motioned to just above his hips .
tr	PRES	" You ladies ready to order ? "
tr	PAST	Anna floated in , not on Luc 's arm .
tr	PAST	" We have to , " I urged .
tr	PAST	When they opened again , the relaxing breath proved to be futile .
tr	PRES	" I love you , me Mikey ! "
tr	PAST	Getting dressed proved more difficult than I imagined .
tr	PAST	He risked a look behind him when he reached the back gate to the stables .
tr	PRES	" To my guests . "
tr	PRES	" I keep trying to endure , " Jack sighed , " Ok , so where are we going ? "
tr	PAST	Kaia froze , her eyes locked on the strange little instrument clasped tightly in John 's gloved hands .
tr	PRES	Temple uses her good hand to swing the duffel onto her shoulder while Ruby opens the door and glances up and down the hallway .
tr	PAST	Prue grunted while filling the kettle up .
tr	PAST	Juliette inhaled the assorted smells , wrinkling her nose when the distinct odor of fish came through loud and clear .
tr	PRES	" But do not devote yourself to the task .
tr	PAST	The rain bothered me a little .
tr	PRES	I tuned in on the closest conversation .
tr	PRES	" The throne belongs to you .
tr	PRES	" He wishes us well and will meet you when he returns . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Two Chief Inspector Simmons twirled the pencil between his fingers as McGill took a seat in front of his desk .
tr	PAST	He squinted up at the sun .
tr	PAST	She lingered in her father 's study .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his damp face against me .
tr	PAST	Bran 's risked all to rescue me .
tr	PAST	They wrap around me , covering me in fog .
tr	PRES	He deserves no mercy , not one ounce ! "
tr	PAST	Blue light lanced making the glade shimmer .
tr	PRES	* An exasperated Ian Gladstone confronted DI Jones .
tr	PRES	She throws herself down on the bed and looks at her backpack .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	" Is Vader . "
tr	PRES	Bogart stands up and nervously takes a few steps .
tr	PAST	He marveled that she did .
tr	PAST	Moments later , the blood that oozed from the wound slowed to a slight trickle .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , " he urged , breaking into a run and dragging the others along .
tr	PRES	Knowing where you come from helps you discover where you 're going . "
tr	PAST	Again , the stranger motioned for Craig to get off me .
tr	PRES	Every time I think I know what 's going on , everything falls apart .
tr	PRES	Will it tip him over ? "
tr	PAST	My father stomped through on his way out the kitchen door to his car , grousing the whole time about not fitting in at a bachelor dinner .
tr	PAST	A strikingly good-looking man extended his hand to her .
tr	PRES	The first door opens and some guy is standing there that I don 't recognize , pulling a shirt over his head .
tr	PAST	Laura glided out of the door in front of him .
tr	PRES	In great detail , he lays out his plan for washing and shining and is surprised when I say that I 'll wait .
tr	PRES	He chuckles lowly , a sound that ripples deep inside my core .
tr	PAST	When he was in his car , he phoned his mother .
tr	PAST	" Here we are , " the cabbie stated with complete indifference .
tr	PRES	" Any news about mum ? "
tr	PRES	" Nothing egotistical about me . "
tr	PRES	He lets his voice trail off .
tr	PAST	Maddie stifled a laugh , remembering how she had told him to convince her instead of ordering her .
tr	PAST	Next from the box , he withdrew his old medicine bag .
tr	PRES	He 's sees what someone wants or fears , and he uses it to manipulate them .
tr	PRES	" All the gorillas ? "
tr	PAST	He bounced the ball against his racket twice and she saw him smile .
tr	PRES	She pushes against his chest .
tr	PAST	I inched my hand to her neck .
tr	PRES	In answer to your previous question my body lies at the bottom of the sea .
tr	PAST	Cockroaches crawled across the barracks in which 120 recruits had to cram themselves in .
tr	PAST	Behind him , Alicia happily skipped over the mound of t-shirts , to land with a happy splash in the red puddle he 'd exposed .
tr	PRES	" My T-shirt ? "
tr	PAST	His day brightened considerably a little later , when he heard a soft knock at the door .
tr	PRES	Logan pops that insane grin .
tr	PAST	Out of the corner of her eye , something coalesced from the darkness .
tr	PRES	He inches me back on the bed , lowering himself onto me .
tr	PRES	Remembering to hold on to the grenade , I revved the throttle experimentally .
tr	PRES	Sandor 's mouth twitches , like he 's fighting a laugh .
tr	PAST	The thought persisted at the back of her mind , a twinge of guilt which not even her grief for Kirsty could dispel .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up Sir .
tr	PAST	It served to remind me that right now , he was still vibrant and alive .
tr	PRES	' Oh , fuck me ... fuck me , Jac .
tr	PRES	" Good for you , " I scorn .
tr	PAST	Captain Jamison 's voice boomed out .
tr	PRES	Instead he stops behind me , putting his hand on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Shirley squealed with delight .
tr	PAST	My chest presses into his as my neck arches against his trail of kisses along my skin , sucking and nipping at it all the way down .
tr	PAST	asked Rachel riveted by the unfolding drama in front of them .
tr	PRES	A blush softens Nicole 's expression and she avoids my eyes .
tr	PRES	He lets out a long sigh .
tr	PAST	He seized his boss , gnawing at the front of his shirt , forcing Anthony further into the alcohol covered glass .
tr	PRES	My skin , my body begins to wear away .
tr	PRES	He also fills out his jeans like nobody 's business .
tr	PRES	" Just take a couple of pieces on your way out , sweetie . "
tr	PAST	He smashed into the middle of a pillar , cracking it in half .
tr	PRES	" I promise I won 't do it again , " I mumbled painfully .
tr	PRES	Gleaming white teeth hang like large stalactites overhead and rise from the ground at its lower jaw , its front incisors standing as tall as Charles .
tr	PAST	Come on , " she urged .
tr	PRES	As the bodies of the two patrolmen fall lifeless to the floor , the stranger uses their corpses to leap from .
tr	PAST	He served customers with a passion and went out of his way to have every brand of tire available .
tr	PAST	They destroyed the economy with a large , confusing tax code perpetuated by the federal , state , and local governments .
tr	PAST	Until , that is , she collapsed to the ground and cried that she was about to die of hunger and fatigue .
tr	PAST	" Me , too , " Lia piped in .
tr	PAST	I chuckle , " I imagine not . "
tr	PRES	" I have my own reasons for riding , " I snap .
tr	PAST	Reyes scooted the chilled bottle aside and latched on to the juice .
tr	PRES	Really , really soon . "
tr	PRES	He slows down to let us catch up to him .
tr	PAST	At this , Charles perked up .
tr	PRES	" Season passes ? "
tr	PAST	The stage lights dimmed and there was a familiar huge puff of white smoke .
tr	PRES	" Mormon , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Adam froze , reading his expression .
tr	PRES	They 'd never before touched , never spoken , and they 'd only met gazes a total of six times .
tr	PRES	Gage flicks at the shoes in my hands .
tr	PAST	I retreated there after I gave her the missive so I could see her reaction , and I guessed it would be something like this .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" Come here , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Derek 's deep voice carries over the steady thrum of house music .
tr	PRES	" Business deals ? "
tr	PRES	" Okay , " she mumbled and , though she wanted it to sound noncommittal , even to her own ears it sounded disappointed .
tr	PAST	All at once Jenny felt disconcerted .
tr	PAST	She scampered away through the door .
tr	PAST	Amber attempted more kicks , found her legs pinned beneath her captor .
tr	PRES	" I bet I can guess what you 'll have , " she teased gently .
tr	PRES	Jones spears through me with a viral look that says he knows far more than he 's letting on .
tr	PRES	" Ever and always helpful , Tessa . "
tr	PRES	She remains silent , giving me time to get it out .
tr	PRES	As if in response to the question , a man appeared , carrying threes plates of piping hot food .
tr	PRES	" By the teeth of the gods ! "
tr	PRES	" We belong together . "
tr	PAST	Weapons reported , " Fire main weapons ! "
tr	PAST	He pinched her delightful bottom .
tr	PRES	She chuckles , and I look up to see her smile .
tr	PRES	She digs her fingernails into my back , and I memorize the pain .
tr	PRES	' If there are enough supplies it won 't take too long to have her prepped for a destination of your choice , Professor . '
tr	PRES	But Lauren -- " " I know .
tr	PAST	Everyone exploded with laughter and I smirked at Mr Brown , who looked like he was about to knock me out .
tr	PRES	He breathed in , his nostrils flaring .
tr	PAST	" So what crawled up Sen 's ass and died ? "
tr	PAST	" You stole someone 's puppy ? "
tr	PRES	" That was close , " Mai breathes , relieved he managed to survive the fall .
tr	PAST	She circled around and leaned into the room .
tr	PAST	Bruised , burned , disparaged and winded , he nearly collapsed onto the floor .
tr	PRES	His skin was warm , his touch possessive and welcoming .
tr	PRES	With his tray in his hand , he stands and says to me , " Be careful with that one . "
tr	PAST	" It 's not too hard to beat a bunch of posers , " Paul countered , grinning .
tr	PAST	Here the stream slowed and widened and made several pools in the rock .
tr	PAST	Just a few gusts and it was done , the balance tipped , the spell broken .
tr	PAST	" See you in the morning , " I mumbled , turning to go .
tr	PAST	Joshua tensed up and started towards his brother , but Nathan stepped in front putting his hand on his son 's chest .
tr	PRES	The rain shone on her cheeks as she spoke .
tr	PRES	She giggles in response , making it all worth it .
tr	PAST	Lydia 's rocking slowed and the warm tea in her hands grew cold as she settled into that feeling of bringing the presence into her space .
tr	PRES	The girl looks back once , Emma recognizes the eyes .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't bad enough he 'd been taken over by a telepath , tasered and his deepest , most secret feelings about Josie revealed .
tr	PAST	Then I dared a peek behind me .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something , and then produced an instrument which lit up the numbers with a soft glow .
tr	PRES	She remains unknown to this day .
tr	PAST	Using his cane , Masterson limped as best he could next to Elizabeth .
tr	PRES	With a circumference of nearly five miles , it rises nearly a thousand feet in the air , and extends over three miles beneath the surface .
tr	PRES	Because the guy hates to let you out of his sight .
tr	PAST	" Five local Indian tribes claimed the body .
tr	PRES	A trifle more . "
tr	PAST	He stares at me for what feels like a century .
tr	PAST	Saber 's arms circled his neck .
tr	PRES	" I would not , " I snap .
tr	PAST	They lingered there for a moment and I sank even deeper into Meir 's protective arms .
tr	PRES	The Mayor states , " Let 's go eat , and talk over some strategy .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I did , " I countered .
tr	PAST	She reiterated her order to close the shutters and hurried away to find Guy Lene .
tr	PRES	He holds the door open for me to enter .
tr	PRES	She deserves everything I have done to her . "
tr	PAST	He quit inspecting his shirt and went back to leaning a hip against my fender .
tr	PAST	Aria squealed in delight as she raced across the clearing to the man standing in the middle of it .
tr	PRES	I hesitate to take it in the gravity of what this gesture means .
tr	PAST	Mist swirled through the cutting beams of the headlights .
tr	PAST	As she left , Crabtree and the Stevens re-entered the tavern and returned to the table .
tr	PAST	And I lied too .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and brings his mouth to my ear .
tr	PAST	As he grabbed its leather shaft , he prayed he chose correctly .
tr	PRES	" Well , she actually thought that they were married , " Marie corrects Kirsten .
tr	PAST	Then he tipped his hat and strode past Elizabeth into the house without once looking round .
tr	PAST	Traffic on the interstate buzzed along at a steady pace , and they soon hit the Valkyrie exit .
tr	PRES	As soon as it turns she releases her battle cry .
tr	PAST	" Throw the apple , " he urged .
tr	PRES	She hosts a Grandmaster . "
tr	PAST	They preferred to do their killing here , for no purpose , Balthazar supposed .
tr	PRES	The couch in the den opens into a queen bed .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes my hand in his , bringing my wrist to his lips before he sets our entwined fingers on his thigh .
tr	PAST	She chased me out of the room , scolding me all the while .
tr	PRES	" Families expand , so if you don 't increase the size of the pie , the pieces will get smaller with each generation . "
tr	PRES	Dense foliage surrounded the angel as he drifted forward .
tr	PRES	Scarlett 's visits every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon were the bright spots of my week .
tr	PRES	Do whatever you have to , " my mommy begged with tears streaming down her face .
tr	PRES	The sun shone through my window , waking me from my unpleasant dreams .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the support , Mama . "
tr	PRES	" And you stink .
tr	PRES	He helps me climb onto it , and I position myself on my hands and knees .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't think so at first , " he countered .
tr	PRES	He appraised the available space .
tr	PRES	Her pain mirrors theirs .
tr	PRES	Shaking her head , she lies down in the bed beside me so we 're lying on the mattress , facing each other .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PRES	I assume there is some sort of problem . "
tr	PRES	Trio lets go . '
tr	PAST	A thousand needles pricked every inch of my skin , crawling over me like a swarm of metallic spiders .
tr	PAST	She flicked her tail and then was also gone .
tr	PAST	Hotwire hooked his own safety belt on the run and reached .
tr	PAST	Yet every thought circled back around to Matt .
tr	PAST	The calluses along the pads of his finger rasped an added pleasure with each stroke , touch , plucking .
tr	PAST	Well aware of it , Newt tugged the sleeves of her red robe down to hide the scar tissue around her thin wrists .
tr	PRES	A chill passes through me , and the sound of the footsteps pursuing me and Thayer through the canyon echoes in my head .
tr	PAST	He hopped out and blocked my way .
tr	PAST	He sought about for a reason not to tell her about his parentage .
tr	PAST	Got a badge to go with that ? "
tr	PAST	I slapped my hand on the table , not hard , but enough to make Spinelli jump .
tr	PRES	She knew her way around the house without sight and she went unerringly , Jess right behind her .
tr	PRES	Wooden bullets on vampire prey .
tr	PAST	She 'd been betrayed by someone she trusted .
tr	PRES	A rocket launcher on one man 's shoulder , and he had known the truth .
tr	PAST	Frank 's grim mood lightened when he entered the kitchen and spotted Karla 's bag hanging from the back of a chair .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Charlie to follow and they set off .
tr	PRES	He helps me when I need the help and leaves it at that .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	He returns at last . '
tr	PAST	The color of Michael 's hair and beard matched the color of the lion ; the effect was startling .
tr	PAST	Every window reflected cyan blue as the protective ring sprawled outwards .
tr	PAST	I whirl at the heat to my back .
tr	PRES	" That tends to make a night particularly memorable . "
tr	PAST	Taking hold of his hair with one hand , I proceeded to pile blows upon his forehead with my fist .
tr	PAST	Now that he was gone , she reread what she had written by The Bean .
tr	PAST	Away from you , honestly . "
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PAST	I experienced my own resistance when I asked Eva to stay behind .
tr	PRES	Everything I asked , lies inside this letter .
tr	PRES	" Who summons Azazel ? "
tr	PAST	Vincent 's hands caressed her face as wave after wave of light burst inside his head .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , exploring his face for any signs of deception .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and walks away .
tr	PRES	From the corner of his eye Captain Tate sees movement .
tr	PAST	Pris 's eyes bore into mine .
tr	PRES	" Because this car probably cost more than the entire building ! "
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're Cinderella ? "
tr	PAST	In reprisal , the Ministry executed a few hundred random people .
tr	PRES	Biting his lip , he glances sideways .
tr	PAST	They toasted in celebration .
tr	PAST	This conversation and her behavior triggered a warning deep in the back of my mind , but I was too emotionally drained to analyze it .
tr	PAST	The barkeep regarded the old man with intrigue .
tr	PRES	Gage helps me up and pulls me in .
tr	PAST	She desired a loving kiss before class like Joan received .
tr	PRES	What if he hates Joe too and they avoid each because of the friction ?
tr	PAST	The figure dove on its knees beside her .
tr	PRES	With the curtains closed , she advanced on Liam , undoing hooks as she went .
tr	PAST	He acted as if we were the only two here and I wondered how easily he could tone the others out .
tr	PAST	She contributed little , her thoughts way too jumbled to form coherent arguments .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head on one side .
tr	PAST	" You union boys keep late hours , " a nasty looking man in plain grey overalls taunted .
tr	PAST	Then he reappeared at my window .
tr	PAST	The repetitive beat gradually subsided , and the door opened .
tr	PAST	The next day , he went up to the pulpit and asked his audience , " OK -- do you know or don 't you know ? "
tr	PAST	It glowed with the hope for a brighter future .
tr	PRES	" What about Pennsylvania ? "
tr	PAST	Her fingers fisted in his hair , the muscles in her stomach bunching .
tr	PAST	I exhaled his name .
tr	PRES	In a tornado of consonants and vowels , all the conversations in the echoing conference arena whirl into a verbal salad .
tr	PRES	" Twelve Rogues , maybe thirty vamps from Cadogan .
tr	PAST	Slowing everything physically , not just mentally .
tr	PAST	Ron slowed his pace and dropped back to the rear of the group as they walked .
tr	PRES	She flicks her head toward the back of the store .
tr	PRES	Admiral Perry remembers -- that should be file seven or eight .
tr	PAST	A cold draft of air swirled around him , thick with moisture and the crisp scents of winter .
tr	PAST	The little man squinted slightly .
tr	PRES	It affects people in different ways and grief is a personal thing .
tr	PRES	" Throwing tantrums . "
tr	PAST	Then he rummaged in his bag for new tools , and I tried not to picture a needle and thread .
tr	PAST	The goblin grunted and shot into the shadowy room .
tr	PAST	" Be thorough , " he advised .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the brim of his hat .
tr	PAST	Hearing that saddened Rachel .
tr	PRES	In the blur , a high-pitched scream rips through the air .
tr	PAST	Once again , Mrs. Bidwell delayed responding .
tr	PAST	She strummed E , A and D chords .
tr	PAST	Frost signalled to his companion .
tr	PRES	" Kiss me , lass .
tr	PRES	My chest moves with the heavy beating of my heart and a moronic , traitorous tear falls .
tr	PRES	He flicks the button on his lighter with his thumb , ignoring my comment .
tr	PRES	My mother lets the paper she 's holding slip through her fingers while looking suggestively over at Tad .
tr	PAST	The whole thing suffocated him .
tr	PRES	Far better lays from what I 've been told . "
tr	PRES	But excitement about getting the samples lays hold of him in less than ten seconds .
tr	PAST	" I 'll get you some blankets , " Daniel volunteered .
tr	PRES	" Hey Savannah . "
tr	PAST	I shuffled through our stockpile of city maps , but didn 't find a Colorado Springs map .
tr	PAST	Gazing out the window , he silently prayed .
tr	PRES	It worships her , loves her with an intimacy reserved for husbands and wives .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , sweetie ? "
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	He cocked a brow .
tr	PAST	at sight of the weapon , the men leaped back , and Morris lowered the barrel , and waited .
tr	PRES	The people value a king who listens to their concerns . "
tr	PAST	Azalea visited Lea now every day after school ; they do homework and talk about norm .
tr	PAST	He preferred to check the regulations first and then suggest that everyone abide by them .
tr	PRES	Francesca glares at me .
tr	PAST	He slapped Colton on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	Her wide , bright eyes shone with hope , asking him not to let her down .
tr	PAST	Elaine rotated the stick of wax over the flame until it was ready .
tr	PRES	" Mom , he loves me as a friend .
tr	PRES	He stands and grins at Yasmine .
tr	PAST	As far as first days of school went , I chalked this one up as a success .
tr	PRES	Edward wraps his knuckles on my open door .
tr	PRES	She wraps me up with her clean hand and holds me tight against her .
tr	PRES	" Special Agent Grady ? "
tr	PRES	Felt kinda good , actually ! "
tr	PAST	Cameron grunted a laugh .
tr	PAST	Jake stiffened in surprise .
tr	PRES	" I 'd say it was because he 's hard-headed , " Azalea teased .
tr	PAST	Claire slowed for a second , staring at the unlit windows of the house .
tr	PRES	" Oh no , " Pete breathes .
tr	PAST	I dismissed him completely , wrenching myself from his grasp entirely , turning back to the fight .
tr	PAST	Outside , a gust of wind spattered snow across the pane .
tr	PAST	Selena defended , glaring at the Faerie who had made the accusation .
tr	PAST	She selected a frying pan , a knife and cutting board and went to work , humming the latest hit to herself as she worked .
tr	PAST	I dumped my bag down and ran into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Everyone hears the story of Jesus .
tr	PRES	" Not until the Keepers warn them . "
tr	PAST	I served as a cook . "
tr	PRES	There in the darkness , shielded by my father 's grace , I bow my head and weep .
tr	PAST	He smacked at Ty 's face .
tr	PRES	He uses Darth to smack Dooku .
tr	PAST	He stares at the pencil in his hand and then looks at his drawing .
tr	PRES	She stops and talks to a few students as she passes , asking about their Christmas breaks , but most students eye her warily .
tr	PAST	Her big , green Reboot eyes glowed in the darkness and she lifted her eyebrows , asking silently how the mission went .
tr	PRES	" Like this was my idea , " Jake mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Maybe not , " she countered , " but you tricked me .
tr	PRES	And just a little flattering .
tr	PAST	I stormed off into the parlor .
tr	PAST	" Talk to him , Mariah , " Mad Dog urged , squeezing her hand .
tr	PRES	A Jester , " he corrects .
tr	PAST	The chair nearest the man abruptly tipped back and fell , as though it 'd been shoved .
tr	PRES	He sneaks a quick kiss on my forehead .
tr	PRES	holds the key to his freedom .
tr	PRES	She likes to touch you , and talk about your body . "
tr	PAST	She shattered around his fingers .
tr	PAST	He slowed as the music stopped , but her heart still raced .
tr	PAST	No wonder he 'd volunteered to be my guide .
tr	PRES	Maria whispers sounding menacing .
tr	PAST	She just never dealt with it . "
tr	PRES	You felt it , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	A dark shape blotted out some of the stars .
tr	PAST	Jake nodded back and then instantly turned to me , the polite indifference in his expression melting as his eyes roamed my face .
tr	PRES	She begins to cry .
tr	PRES	Push back your cowl so I can see you . "
tr	PRES	Maybe someday ... " " Not someday . "
tr	PRES	She stares at the cabin for a long time , her mind filled up with the shape of it , the peacefulness of it .
tr	PRES	She refuses to back down .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	" Mr. Garner what do you know about Mr. Richard Holt and the events that happened described so far in the courtroom ? "
tr	PRES	It only stands to reason I 'd afford my wife the same opportunity and the skills to do so . "
tr	PRES	" I feel so bad for them , " June whispers to me .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , trying to keep my voice low so Pa wouldn 't hear .
tr	PRES	The sun shone too brightly , and the flowers were gaudy and common in their disarray .
tr	PAST	The bubbling gas slowed to a sputter .
tr	PAST	The tattered curtains flapped in the breeze and obscured his view outside .
tr	PRES	" Am I ok ?
tr	PAST	He padded warily over to his car and said , voice quiet , " How did you find me ? "
tr	PRES	He just stares at me blankly , as if he hasn 't questioned why he hadn 't gotten sick before .
tr	PRES	Her buff lip gloss glistened against her brilliant smile .
tr	PAST	" We 're trapped , " Big Darius sobbed .
tr	PAST	" No , it isn 't working at all , " she lied .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me , Cole . "
tr	PRES	He exhales , shaking his skull .
tr	PRES	Says it 's from my stalker , and he has a message for me .
tr	PRES	" I 'll give you a tour later if you have a couple hours , " I add wryly .
tr	PRES	" Really , how close does he resemble me ? "
tr	PAST	I cringed inside , but all he saw was my smile .
tr	PRES	No offense Deirdre but you wouldn 't be the kind of " bosom buddy " he 'd be after !
tr	PAST	Maybe it bothered him so much because of how his former superiors were handling Russel 's death .
tr	PAST	As he waited he described it to them .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he lied .
tr	PRES	Sleep under the mountain until the last days of this World . "
tr	PRES	" How do you harvest the tears from the Archangel ? "
tr	PAST	Damien cuffed his friend on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	I yell , fear mingling with anger , hot in my veins .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mutter , feeling bad , remembering how I was acting like a bitch .
tr	PAST	I comforted her as best as I could , wiping the tears from her face and patting her back awkwardly .
tr	PAST	Frances froze , but said nothing .
tr	PRES	I stumble backward , then scramble behind a young spruce tree .
tr	PAST	People mingled in the aisles , continuing to exchange phone numbers and e-mail addresses .
tr	PAST	Even the soldiers quieted .
tr	PAST	For the briefest of moments , his eyes lingered on the wedding bracelet he had given her .
tr	PAST	Personally , my virginity never bothered me until I met you ... " She was in a panic .
tr	PRES	But then Xavier opens his mouth , " Why don 't you go back to the shithole you crawled out of ?
tr	PAST	" Because you had an amicable split from your husband .
tr	PRES	" Mom wears these panties ? "
tr	PAST	A tiny red circle glowed brightly as the occupant inhaled on a cigarette .
tr	PRES	" You intrigue me , Ms. Harlow .
tr	PAST	She tensed up and glanced at Eva .
tr	PAST	Leaves floated down in front of her face and one berry dropped down the v-neck of her black shirt to lodge in her bra .
tr	PRES	I ... d ... e ... a ... s. " I help him sound it out but let him spell it himself .
tr	PAST	The irritation in Shane 's gut exploded into all-out anger and he couldn 't figure out why .
tr	PRES	Rich brown hair shone under the soft lighting of the room , curling in waves across her silky shoulders .
tr	PAST	Oakes identified the speaker , a guard on the hangar perimeter squad , one of Demarest 's supporters .
tr	PAST	Then in one lightning-fast leap , it charged at them .
tr	PAST	Strings of lightning unleashed from his fingertips .
tr	PRES	Finally he mumbled , " You try stopping her from doing something once her mind is made up . "
tr	PAST	You proved a point . "
tr	PAST	She dismissed her , without the need , or opportunity , for further comment or discussion .
tr	PAST	Zoey leaped out of the way as the axe spun crashing into the wall behind her .
tr	PRES	We hoist beers and laugh .
tr	PRES	He falls into my touch , holding onto me with desperation .
tr	PAST	The boy squealed with delight .
tr	PRES	" What Boo ? "
tr	PRES	When I left they were looking for matches and then they are going to look for blankets .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	At the last moment , I add little wreath earrings .
tr	PAST	Shut the door on them for good , " I urged , trying not to sound panicked .
tr	PAST	" Eight years ' worth , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	Rebel flicks his ear , regarding my comment with disdain .
tr	PRES	He holds up his finger and reaches for an iPod beside the computer .
tr	PRES	He points out the various beds in the rooms .
tr	PAST	If only I 'd never called you , then you wouldn 't have been out there , " Ari sobbed .
tr	PRES	" Good night , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He then points the box at me and the unit gives the same response .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand toward Angelica , but the threat against her moved Reyes out of his stupor .
tr	PRES	" We need to talk , " he quietly said " Paul , please don 't , " she begged quietly .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head and smiled back .
tr	PRES	He stands before her naked , trembling in the cold .
tr	PRES	I ' l tel you if he 's cool about it . "
tr	PRES	I swivel around so I 'm sitting cross-legged and I take his hand in mine .
tr	PRES	" It 's all true , " I snap .
tr	PAST	The party backtracked and found a fracture in the mountain and through this passageway they traveled by threes .
tr	PRES	Evelyn purses her lips .
tr	PAST	Elliot later claimed that Ross had " deceived " him about the purpose of the expedition and the hazards they would face .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , pulling Rafe into a spontaneous hug .
tr	PRES	A dirty pink halter with black polka dots .
tr	PRES	We paw the earth and snort and spout .
tr	PRES	A riddle , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	" Of course we do , " I mumbled , numb to the core .
tr	PRES	The murderer passes Binnie Armstrong , who stays right where she is .
tr	PRES	" The mayor likes to keep his indiscretions discrete . "
tr	PRES	I shout , whipping my towel across his chest .
tr	PRES	I mutter a " you 're welcome " and then she leaves , without giving me her number .
tr	PAST	It exploded a skeleton about to swing its crude axe toward his head .
tr	PRES	A Ho Down ? "
tr	PRES	The night holds fast , and the song lulls me with sweet siren notes .
tr	PAST	She rinsed the items she 'd used to cook and loaded them into the dishwasher , then cleaned off the countertops .
tr	PRES	We pile out and I walk between Quinn and Gavin as we meet Dante and Reece at the door .
tr	PRES	" Nice job on that midnight rendezvous by the way ... that was awesome . "
tr	PAST	A splash and a curse announced the arrival of his friend .
tr	PAST	Mike 's entire existence projected into a black hole of consciousness .
tr	PAST	A sage withdrew his senses from the world of change and , seeking immortality , looked within and beheld the deathless Self .
tr	PRES	Ten meters , left flank .
tr	PRES	" Why involve President Gant ? "
tr	PAST	" Got him gagged and tied up there .
tr	PAST	The boy froze in his tracks .
tr	PAST	With his hearing now enhanced John attempted to blindly make out what horror was unfolding around him .
tr	PAST	She clutched at his shirt , and whimpered .
tr	PAST	Ari braced for impact as her three friends engulfed her in a group hug .
tr	PAST	I braid my damp hair to the side since I 'm not in the mood to curl it .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over his features and with trepidation he sits by me .
tr	PAST	Liam steered us toward a raised balcony reserved for my family and their guests .
tr	PAST	Sonia 's smile brightened .
tr	PAST	Only a few months in Vegas proved the city boasted the best strip clubs in the country .
tr	PAST	" Then he revealed my prize .
tr	PRES	Let 's just say that becoming a full-blown sorceress wasn 't all you accomplished that day , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He flips the knife around and puts the handle in her hand , closing her fingers around it .
tr	PRES	After that , a leisurely walk through the woods , blow the mines , then await pickup .
tr	PRES	And yeah , excellent . "
tr	PRES	He glances back at me while he continues talking .
tr	PAST	He sensed the hunger in his wolves , but no alarm .
tr	PAST	Only Liam McCabe could have lightened her spirits in the middle of the hellish earthquake rubble .
tr	PAST	I shuffle my feet along the boards of the slightly arched bridge as we walk over it .
tr	PAST	Their short lived love affair produced a lot of fighting , some crazy times , and Danny .
tr	PAST	" He 's in my World Science class , " stated Selena , frowning .
tr	PAST	" Come here , " I rasped out .
tr	PAST	Instead I extended my legs in front of me , rolled to the side and propped myself up on my elbow , facing Michael .
tr	PAST	Blake relayed the question and Catfish came back .
tr	PRES	They all celebrate that they caught the moon inside the matchbox .
tr	PAST	The elders regarded him with curiosity .
tr	PAST	When they all set off the pub that night , he claimed tiredness and crawled in to his tent .
tr	PRES	His arms snap out and he grasps onto my wrists , forcing me to sit back down .
tr	PAST	" Life crawled out of these ponds millions of years ago .
tr	PRES	A shadow falls across me and I look back toward the door .
tr	PRES	Either way , these swords suit our purpose , which is to exercise .
tr	PRES	Mason lets out a long , minty breath .
tr	PRES	" You 're the one who told me to go shopping , " she teased .
tr	PRES	She wears a coat in Amity red , dusted with snowflakes .
tr	PRES	As she stood beside the girls , their gaze fluttered past her stiff posture , the square shoulder pads hiding her small frame underneath .
tr	PRES	Does it feed ? "
tr	PRES	' Then relay this to them : tell them to let me do my job .
tr	PAST	So , I trudged wearily downstairs and knocked on Will 's door as I passed .
tr	PAST	He preferred the bed for prolonged lovemaking .
tr	PAST	" I 've never aspired to be one of those , chubby self absorbed pencil pushers .
tr	PAST	Without hesitating , her arms stole around him and she kissed him back , her mouth sweet , her tongue sweeter .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't pay a thousand dol ars for your sweatpants , " Nick gritted out as Kelly 's fingers brushed against his thigh .
tr	PRES	Your guardian angel protects your soul on the way to heaven .
tr	PRES	As soon as her eyes catch our arrival she stops talking , and , smiling widely , stands to greet her grandson .
tr	PRES	I bothers no-one , an ' no-one bothers me . '
tr	PRES	" I confess that I do not think much of it , Laura dear .
tr	PRES	From the weight he judges that the kettle is still half full of water .
tr	PRES	The need to make a decision chews at you , even after you 've made it .
tr	PRES	He flips me over until I 'm on my back and he 's holding my arms to the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Quite a fiesta , " she states .
tr	PAST	The dog executed a wide turn and followed his slow master back through the archway leading out of the cavern .
tr	PRES	I 'll tell him it 's a national emergency , " Geoff explains .
tr	PAST	Their mounts panicked and fell , sending their riders crashing to the stone .
tr	PRES	" Until then , ladies . "
tr	PAST	Figures floated through the trees , blurred and indistinguishable .
tr	PAST	How about the tall , darkly handsome young man who was looking around him with such enthusiastic interest ?
tr	PRES	" What brings you to town ? "
tr	PRES	" Nice name , " Kowalski mumbled .
tr	PAST	He grunted again and waved her away as he led the way up a rickety staircase to her room .
tr	PRES	What if they discover she was the one that actually killed my parents ?
tr	PRES	As she did , she snuck a quick peek to see if she 'd missed any messages while she 'd been occupied with her mother .
tr	PRES	As she 's saying this , a shadow falls on the table and we all look up .
tr	PRES	I fold it over and write Brand 's name on it , propping it up by the lamp where he 'll see it .
tr	PRES	" Sorry about that , Bree .
tr	PRES	" Look him up , but keep it mum ' till I ask . "
tr	PAST	" You lied to me on our wedding night . "
tr	PRES	I lean down and note the original stereo system .
tr	PRES	And I sing every word , every line , every note to him .
tr	PAST	She quickly crouched before him , a dagger drawn , and inched back step by step .
tr	PRES	Water systems began to fail , food begins to spoil .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone just describing it , even now .
tr	PAST	Blake saluted me and I rolled my eyes .
tr	PRES	You belong here in the sea , with me . "
tr	PRES	" They 've had enough , " he crowed .
tr	PAST	Her raised eyebrow instructed him to continue voicing his current notion .
tr	PRES	" You goin to get one of these for the greenhouse , " Snake finally announces to Baldwin .
tr	PAST	The latest news bulletin stated she wasn 't expected to recover .
tr	PAST	She eyed the torch along the wall .
tr	PRES	Through my tears , I silently vow that if I ever find another family , I will do anything and everything in my power to preserve it .
tr	PAST	She panicked , the weight of him , the emotions suddenly overwhelming .
tr	PAST	I prayed he didn 't see how nervous I was .
tr	PAST	She scoffed and walked off .
tr	PAST	The cool night air ruffled Kennedy 's hair as he crouched outside Grace 's tent .
tr	PAST	Mountains of water piled onto her , while a hundred currents met simultaneously to jet her forward .
tr	PRES	For one thing , it allows you to know what 's really important . "
tr	PAST	She squinted through the glare .
tr	PRES	Without taking his eyes off me , he begins to pull back out , all the way to his tip , before sliding in again .
tr	PRES	' The city belongs to its people . '
tr	PAST	Thousand dollar bill after thousand dollar bill stuffed around her foam pillow with no care or consideration .
tr	PAST	At five to four , Bobby and Gerry , collected their luggage , and said goodbye to Gerry 's wife .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand out to him and said , " I 'm your sister Talitha .
tr	PAST	" What I know is that Summer 's her mother and it 's not up to me , " Gabriel countered .
tr	PAST	Monitors beeped , and pumps clicked and wheezed .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , " she urged him , but how could he resist the scent , the taste of her ?
tr	PRES	I totally disagree , but I nod anyway .
tr	PRES	Today the day rain falls from the sky like life .
tr	PRES	" How many evil things exist in this world ? "
tr	PAST	A deep roar rumbled in my chest and I immediately shifted back to my human form .
tr	PAST	He terminated the call and turned to the fragmented audience , clapping his hands to get attention .
tr	PRES	Where his claws carved at the creatures flesh his fist repeatedly hammered away in thunderous bursts .
tr	PRES	He loves me . "
tr	PAST	Then slowly , she floated back down to earth , her lungs trying desperately to get enough air but nothing was enough .
tr	PRES	" Soviet submarine reconnaissance ? "
tr	PAST	After that , Aunt Pol instructed them to cover everything back up again with snow .
tr	PRES	Up , down , left , right , diagonal , horizontal .
tr	PAST	When she didn 't move he deepened the kiss his lips still gentle over hers soft , full of tenderness .
tr	PRES	Can you ever forgive me ? "
tr	PAST	" This type of enchantment required much planning , and Varia and her conspirators would hardly leave the critical components around at your disposal . "
tr	PRES	The clock on the wall ticks away in an otherwise silent house .
tr	PRES	The bridge , its red paint peeling , stretches over the muck .
tr	PRES	' Aren 't they going to say anything to each other , Pol ? '
tr	PAST	" You sly , sly dog . "
tr	PAST	The lance tugged , causing the power to quiver painfully .
tr	PRES	Mr Billingham likes the way I look , but he doesn 't like me .
tr	PAST	She giggled again , and I took a deep breath .
tr	PRES	But don 't hesitate to shoot her if she gives you any trouble . "
tr	PRES	Be happy about that , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Marius mumbled to himself from the pilot 's seat and reached up to flip a red switch that blinked quickly .
tr	PAST	she accused him , her touch in his mind a whisper of lightness , of invitation to join in her fun .
tr	PRES	Panic rips through me .
tr	PAST	The soldier crawled backward away from the wall , his heart skittering .
tr	PAST	But Aaron treated it like a great feat , dropping his own stick and yelling , " Yeah , cuz !
tr	PAST	Though he had no intention of passing under any streetlights , he adjusted the hood a second time .
tr	PRES	She holds her hand out to me .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a sense of freedom provided an urge to pack up and leave his hated life behind .
tr	PAST	He dared not sit for the burning of his rear where he had been spanked .
tr	PAST	The most powerful vampire in existence , and he didn 't expect an attack to come from the one he trusted above all others . "
tr	PAST	A physicist named Lamont spoke to Senator Hurt , to that self-appointed environmental messiah , Chen , and to a few others .
tr	PAST	she berated her uncontrolled hormones , loudly .
tr	PAST	" Find the medicine woman , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	Our army truck zigzagged across the road , weaving around dead and rotting bodies .
tr	PRES	Now , if we kin git back to our discussion . "
tr	PAST	He swooped down upon her , scooped her up and started toward the bedroom .
tr	PRES	A few moments later , Mrs. Watson opens it , looking younger than I 've ever seen her .
tr	PRES	I don 't want a damn sandwich , Alex , " I mutter , shaking my head at her .
tr	PAST	Zeus 's ears pricked up and he cocked his head .
tr	PRES	Stay miserable and hate every day you spend here . "
tr	PRES	" Before this wears off .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could have been there , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" You ok there , T ? "
tr	PRES	" Is there proof ? "
tr	PAST	The cat froze in the middle of the street , eyes wide and dark .
tr	PAST	His kiss stole her breath , his lips forcing her mouth open , teeth scraping .
tr	PRES	It shone like an enchantment , as if to guide Quinn 's way .
tr	PRES	It kills me to have to leave behind Macey for right now , but I will soon go after her and bring her back .
tr	PAST	We exited the forest and the made our way down the curve road .
tr	PAST	I prayed he missed the last part of our conversation .
tr	PAST	None triggered any emotional feedback , " she reported .
tr	PAST	We grunted and groaned as Martina and I both pulled back on our controls .
tr	PAST	White ribbons in her hair bounced as she talked .
tr	PRES	With an irritated sigh , Link climbs into the saddle and quickly gallops away from the village .
tr	PAST	I have only risked communication with Harmony .
tr	PRES	My mother , of course , freaked out when I told her about it but I got to say goodbye in a way . "
tr	PAST	Smoke swirled in the air , seeming to exaggerate the distance between them .
tr	PAST	Ian tugged me closer and kissed my neck .
tr	PAST	She thanked them for the offer , but that she 'd much rather see the gators when they brought them back already dead .
tr	PRES	" So sappy . "
tr	PAST	That jolted Jem , or seemed to .
tr	PAST	Her body writhed under Jake 's hands and when his hot mouth closed over her nipple , Elissa almost yelled with the pleasure his mouth was inflicting .
tr	PAST	Her grandfather subsided , going so quiet she thought he must have fainted .
tr	PRES	One that wouldn 't arouse too much suspicion anywhere .
tr	PRES	Meryl stands in front of me .
tr	PAST	" Dave , it 's vital that your company be viewed as an independent contractor , " Addison advised .
tr	PAST	He acted as if he were above the law , as if he reigned supreme ... He said they 'd have you back within a day .
tr	PAST	" Just a minute , " he grunted , dropping his briefcase .
tr	PRES	That bloody kangaroo ... ' he muttered , using the hand to wave away the eternal flies .
tr	PAST	Meatball shuffled about , trying to get his broad body comfortable in a small sofa .
tr	PRES	" I assume you mean that word in my defense . "
tr	PAST	" You 're a lucky woman , " Michele chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Anything , as long as it 's not pizza and includes dessert .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head at me , and I shook my head .
tr	PRES	Someone really should have passed on this information , " he mumbled as he motioned for us to follow him .
tr	PRES	Did you puke in your room or something ? "
tr	PAST	" Come with me , " he urged , holding out his hand .
tr	PRES	" She affects them in ways no one understands . "
tr	PRES	He trades their services to the ship .
tr	PRES	She deserves one , a good , pretty one that will make her feel special on her wedding day .
tr	PRES	You have to be the biggest nerd I 've ever met , " I teased .
tr	PRES	It reaches out , encircling the young Undine group .
tr	PRES	Unknowingly she was biting her lip , her knuckles white from clenching her fists , her body tense , waiting for his reply .
tr	PAST	Marvin defended himself , " I think 170 is pretty dang high .
tr	PAST	Tears clouded my eyes as I looked down .
tr	PAST	Jude skipped the parking lot , weaving through the weeds .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be back as quickly as I can , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Their faces revealed a sense of unease about me .
tr	PAST	The wall in front of me fractured , folded back on itself , and revealed the smooth surface of a screen .
tr	PAST	' Call me Ashton , ' he joked .
tr	PRES	Pretty girls attract too much attention . "
tr	PAST	The torn apart forest 's slightly elevated ground crumpled under the force of the wind , pushing down a shaved evergreen tree .
tr	PRES	My foot eases off the accelerator .
tr	PAST	" Next Wednesday , " he said without looking up , but then he stiffened and slowly raised his head to look at me .
tr	PAST	The stone shattered , and her face and hands were covered with blood as the sea rushed in through the broken wall , choking , smothering her .
tr	PRES	Anger flashes in his eyes .
tr	PAST	They matched my dress for the show perfectly .
tr	PRES	" In his cups again ? "
tr	PAST	Winston slowed his pace and allowed Iridium to move on ahead .
tr	PRES	I nearly weep with frustration .
tr	PRES	Frigid water sheeted over the rails drenching them all .
tr	PAST	Pia hollered looking at the mess she was making .
tr	PRES	As soon as they realize I am through the door , Eva releases him and he flies at me .
tr	PAST	Burning demon blood exploded over her hand in a hot torrent .
tr	PAST	She tuned her ears to see if she could hear Burnett inside .
tr	PAST	He exploded out of the barn like a steam engine , compact and ready to belch fire .
tr	PAST	Will leaped on her answer .
tr	PRES	Then , I inhales then bang two palms on the steering column for a second time .
tr	PRES	I wince , Realm 's words stinging even me .
tr	PAST	He lied to me .
tr	PRES	The guy exits on his side of the zipper .
tr	PRES	Pol almost always wears blue .
tr	PRES	He coaches high school football ? "
tr	PAST	She wriggled away from the zipper side and started to throw it back to invite me in .
tr	PAST	" Yes and no , " he stated .
tr	PAST	He stormed out this morning and I haven 't seen him look that pissed since the night things went down with Novak . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm the captain , I 'm supposed to leave last , " Gray Wolf states .
tr	PRES	Sunlight streams in and a breeze blows through the kitchen .
tr	PAST	" Wait till you see what we do with the ornaments , " Jenny 's volunteer helper announced .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " he whispers , shutting his eyes .
tr	PRES	" That 's scary , " murmurs Benjamin .
tr	PRES	" Are cities very different in the future ? "
tr	PRES	' Mother disappears . '
tr	PAST	Prue scored her nails down his back holding on as he made love to her .
tr	PAST	The proud woman inhaled sharply and turned to look out the window .
tr	PRES	I blurt , before I can stop myself .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth but hesitates .
tr	PRES	I fel onto my knees .
tr	PRES	And it bothers me that Hunter should be so convinced that he saw his wife die , when she couldn 't possibly have been there .
tr	PAST	Her long eyelashes fanned down , two thick crescents against her white skin .
tr	PAST	He continually attempted a stony gaze , expressionless and uncaring .
tr	PAST	I dialed back Wes Regan 's office , knowing I 'd get his voice mail .
tr	PRES	His words are all lies .
tr	PAST	Everybody wept - the angels , the two boys of course and even nature itself .
tr	PAST	While Kylie couldn 't total y buy into Del a 's words , she sensed Del a believed it .
tr	PRES	A quivering breath of relief fills her .
tr	PRES	He falls to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " Mom breathes .
tr	PRES	" I believe Zoey said for you to stay , " Elijah the head butting Giant said smiling down at him .
tr	PRES	" Oh , ha ha .
tr	PAST	He reprimanded himself for holding up traffic to satisfy a nagging urge to examine his work .
tr	PRES	I gulp and glance around .
tr	PRES	His fingers were gentle , his mind soothing so that she was able to keep from shaking with anger and hurt .
tr	PAST	We freed her son from death row .
tr	PAST	Each world produced individuals with magical talent .
tr	PRES	He unfastened his cloak and placed it around my shoulders , his fingers softly grazing my shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Apparently Junior likes to play soldier in his off hours .
tr	PAST	Cassidy 's gaze flicked sideways .
tr	PAST	" Hah , she 's got you there , " Seth joked .
tr	PAST	Her whole body immediately tensed , her fingers curling into fists gripping the mare 's mane tight .
tr	PRES	The sensations that flooded my body when he pulled the chain and made me tremble .
tr	PRES	Everyone fails the Hitler test .
tr	PAST	The aching from holding my arm aloft slowed my progress .
tr	PAST	Instead I just extended my claw and let him climb back on my back .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a deep breath .
tr	PRES	A rush of cold fills the void .
tr	PRES	He disconnected and turned his focus back to Donna .
tr	PRES	" Good lesson ? "
tr	PAST	Kozlov froze quickly , but he didn 't turn around .
tr	PRES	Kane swung and lunged smoothly through the hole , his tail vanishing away in seconds .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed with a message from Staffan .
tr	PAST	Tree logs floated on the river .
tr	PRES	He launches me into the hall and slams the door behind him .
tr	PAST	" I think that means she likes it , sis , " he joked .
tr	PAST	I grunted and doubled over , winded .
tr	PRES	She also loves getting notifications that people have sent her an email , added her on Facebook , or on Goodreads .
tr	PRES	He tells me he wishes we 'd gotten together .
tr	PRES	She touches another man .
tr	PAST	Her relief and her smile both cheered Daniel tenfold .
tr	PAST	Eve 's stride faltered .
tr	PAST	Griffin exhaled loudly and then scowled at the both of them .
tr	PRES	My phone buzzes and I pull it back out to see her response : Feel better !
tr	PAST	I thanked the elderly gap toothed woman who generously provided me with an extra butt of bread before bowing low .
tr	PRES	Sean tries to kick me , but I step back so he can 't .
tr	PAST	Antonia , who seemed to have regained her senses with the new day , volunteered , " Teresa is getting better .
tr	PAST	He sensed Takeo was plotting a major assault .
tr	PAST	What bothered Ron was that her membership in the group came through Joe .
tr	PAST	A long narrative described the origin and date of the charter .
tr	PRES	" Oh , the old woman plays a very sober game .
tr	PAST	sang Emer as she skipped beside Scarlett .
tr	PRES	" To the wharf ? "
tr	PAST	I sensed death on this street .
tr	PRES	She digs and digs , and there is her girl , with the long slack hair and the big blue eyes .
tr	PRES	Nihil returns to the group .
tr	PAST	He guides two of my fingers inside me , and I gasp in pleasure and surprise as he pushes them deeper and deeper .
tr	PAST	The cool he 'd exuded melted as sweat exploded at his temple , shooting past bulging veins .
tr	PRES	He deserves swings and birthday parties . "
tr	PAST	They simply hooked the basket and aided him out before transferring his friend , ever so gently , to the next bucket .
tr	PAST	His fingers linger over my shoulders before repeating the process all over again .
tr	PRES	" Won 't you tire of having me ? "
tr	PAST	She flicked through it again looking for tour dates but couldn 't find anything useful .
tr	PAST	" Oh , by the way , " Ann announced , " Otto called .
tr	PRES	Sweaty bodies nearly suffocate me as I sway back and forth to the music .
tr	PRES	" Yeah ... " " The retina changes the light into information your brain can read , " Newton said .
tr	PRES	Then one day , I witnessed the live scenes .
tr	PRES	And He loves me .
tr	PRES	" You threatening me ? "
tr	PAST	Fang withdrew from them .
tr	PRES	" Such arrogance ! "
tr	PRES	" Elle , everything is going to be okay , " he whispers loud enough for me to hear .
tr	PAST	His giggles accompanied the sounds of the gurgling water coming off the paddle wheel .
tr	PAST	And that plan seems to include running away from your own feelings , " he accused .
tr	PRES	Didn 't you teach there as well ? "
tr	PRES	He holds out his gloved hands .
tr	PAST	A wave of relief washed over me and I knew I could tackle whatever was waiting for me on the stage .
tr	PRES	" Jada , we 'll take two of the Kobe burgers , mid rare , with all the trimmings .
tr	PAST	Before she could explain , Ty stuffed the bandana back in .
tr	PRES	Her spiked tail rises and snaps like a whip , although the sound is lost in the vacuum .
tr	PRES	She shudders , but doesn 't pull away .
tr	PRES	How he 'd fed her information and encouraged her to pursue different suspects .
tr	PAST	A breath later , they both dove for him , tackling him into the mucky ground .
tr	PAST	Celia enquired as she walked across the room and put her arm around Ilona 's waist .
tr	PAST	He shuffled some papers on his antique cherry wood desk .
tr	PRES	You freaked out because Brian showed up .
tr	PAST	Kincaid pitched forward , off-balance , but he pulled Sam down with him .
tr	PRES	" I have no intention of forfeiting any night , " he whipped back .
tr	PAST	I navigated to Gmail ; there were no new messages .
tr	PRES	A laugh bursts from my throat .
tr	PAST	He exhaled through his nose with his lips pursed .
tr	PRES	" But you Wrath . "
tr	PRES	He twirls a strand of my hair around his finger and gives my lips a soft kiss .
tr	PAST	And the shadowed being turned into the brilliantly glowing spirit of a real man .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's growl rumbled in her ear .
tr	PRES	I flinch but don 't stop .
tr	PAST	Kate stormed toward him , her black club slung over her right shoulder .
tr	PAST	Zook froze , he recognized the voice , but that wasn 't what cut through his rage .
tr	PAST	The flowing of champagne , shared stories , and relaxed atmosphere created a truth serum .
tr	PAST	For a few painful seconds , silence created a cavern between them .
tr	PRES	Gully wishes to see you on the bridge . "
tr	PRES	I swipe the key card and then push the door open , my stomach in knots .
tr	PAST	Abbey strapped Chloe in the car and drove away following the man in the green truck .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck then ? "
tr	PAST	" You certainly put in enough in your diary , " Courtney taunted .
tr	PAST	" Water , " I rasped past the hard lump in my throat .
tr	PRES	The ground he stands upon sizzles at such a high pitch , the noise soon fades into Rift 's subconscious .
tr	PAST	A funnel of energy exited the structure behind us , twisting to whisper across the dry land .
tr	PAST	I joked , trying to throw him off balance .
tr	PAST	Finally , he regained his balance sufficiently to reply .
tr	PRES	' My dad 's a high school coach , ' she explains .
tr	PRES	I lean against his chest .
tr	PRES	I quickly wipe the expression off my face , not realizing what I was doing .
tr	PAST	He plopped down and looked out the window at the sad gray exterior of the apartment complex across the street .
tr	PRES	The Black Jester releases her and storms past her , nearly crashing through the kitchen door as he exits .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to the spot in question .
tr	PRES	HERE HAVE ANOTHER ONE .
tr	PRES	" Later , Renzo .
tr	PRES	" Bethany ... " " Shh Abby , " Aiden hushed her .
tr	PAST	Instead he enfolded her in his arms from behind and crossed his hands over her belly .
tr	PRES	He gazes past me a moment before his eyes come back to mine .
tr	PRES	My heart throbs inside my chest as a moment passes , like a snap of a finger , yet it seems to go on forever .
tr	PRES	" Happy Thanksgiving to you too , Jillian .
tr	PAST	If anyone else had referred to dating me as slumming it I would have slapped them .
tr	PRES	" Some treasure , " mumbled Nick .
tr	PAST	She washed her face and rinsed out her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Six for certain , as long as we harvest them from different areas .
tr	PAST	I comprehend what he just said .
tr	PRES	Mist creeps into my room , carrying the scent of eucalyptus .
tr	PRES	Then Doug presents the bottom line , " We 're going to do what we can to cure the ones who can be cured .
tr	PAST	Please , God , let there be no complications , Ari fiercely prayed .
tr	PRES	She glances over at me and Isaac to indicate that we can come , too .
tr	PAST	Never disperse your focus unless absolutely necessary .
tr	PAST	He tugged the sheet away so that nothing came between his skin and hers .
tr	PAST	Winston experienced the greatest joy of his entire existence .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered as Sue staggered .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through her hair and rolled them over , keeping her tight against him as he wondered .
tr	PRES	Gage speeds over with his leg buckling each time he takes a step .
tr	PAST	He produced a handkerchief and wiped blood from my nose and mouth .
tr	PAST	He dared not think of Raven and how weak she was .
tr	PAST	Once again , I charged through the city , small retinue in tow .
tr	PAST	The radio embedded in his ear buzzed .
tr	PAST	It just proved that she still has a heart . "
tr	PAST	Hoppy exclaimed , breathless and totally defeated .
tr	PAST	The glow seeping through the curtain provided enough light for me to see her silhouette .
tr	PRES	He slides back toward his car , opens the door of his Porsche , and climbs inside .
tr	PAST	And a guy lying sprawled on the couch - the way only guys could sprawl - yawned and sat up rubbing his head .
tr	PAST	the waitress cheered as the door closed behind the working man with a jingle of the bell .
tr	PAST	" I always thought she had distorted features , " his mother stated .
tr	PRES	Next time you feed off a human the only thing you should think about is how good they taste and let your instinct take over .
tr	PRES	Why waste time on lies ?
tr	PAST	Instantly heavenly and captivating , it shattered his guard , making him forget that he was on the job .
tr	PAST	He always fries me with fireballs , skewers me with a samurai sword or pummels me into pulp , but I 'm getting good quick .
tr	PAST	he reprimanded as he tried to gently pry my socks the rest of the way off .
tr	PRES	" Clean , sexy , good-looking . "
tr	PAST	He curtly saluted and turned to something on his desk .
tr	PAST	I crouched beside the unconscious Sahara Rose , growing angry with Lucius .
tr	PAST	It proved difficult to pigeonhole the type of music that they created .
tr	PRES	" No , ' tis all right . "
tr	PRES	His blazing blue eyes shone like pools of truth .
tr	PRES	She slides on my slipper socks and wraps my robe around me .
tr	PRES	" I wove the rugs , painted the pictures , sculpted the animals , and built the furniture . "
tr	PAST	An inch at a time , she shimmied the rest of the way down until the earth was close enough for her to let go .
tr	PRES	" Who uses words like veracity ? "
tr	PRES	The idea alone of being separated from Andrew rips at my heart .
tr	PRES	Her head falls forward and she bites down on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	When we enter , she lets go of me and fastens herself to Des 's arm .
tr	PAST	" It 's more or less what we thought , " the little man reported , dismounting .
tr	PRES	In this case , they arrive at , and surround Washington 's defenses on July third .
tr	PRES	Their unnatural glow casting weird puddles on the floor .
tr	PAST	" Sounds delightful , " she lied .
tr	PRES	He wraps me in a hug , but quickly pulls away and looks me up and down .
tr	PRES	Though , it would be nice to put an end to the apprehension that the king may one day discover us . "
tr	PRES	" Silent Simi . "
tr	PRES	' Hello , hello !
tr	PRES	" Fuckers , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" That thing uses magic to borrow the form and memories from another person .
tr	PRES	" Oh ... oh ... Walker , " I mumbled as he moved his lips to my stomach .
tr	PAST	I cringed inside , wishing very strongly that I could evaporate and wake up at my little house , not much over a mile from here .
tr	PRES	" Like waves of pleasure , wherever your hand moves . "
tr	PRES	" And they have to be reminded that fear is natural , " Jean states .
tr	PRES	I 'm locked in a car with Trevor , I text back .
tr	PAST	He toyed with the idea of slipping into the house , exploring the empty rooms , touching Mary 's things , stealing a pair of her panties .
tr	PAST	Lestat , Louis , Armand ... .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	The lack of heat proved that to be false .
tr	PRES	His expression softens now .
tr	PRES	As soon as the sun rises . "
tr	PRES	Two time storms ? "
tr	PAST	* That evening , Reese flung the front door open almost as soon as I rang the bell .
tr	PRES	Something tugs on my line and my whole body twitches .
tr	PAST	I dared to raise my eyes and met his .
tr	PAST	Balls stomped a menacing step toward her , his intent to slap her evident by the raising of his palm .
tr	PAST	He froze , his eyes going wide when he saw exactly who it was standing there .
tr	PRES	He talks to me .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I murmur at the ground , hoping he doesn 't hear in my voice all the reasons why .
tr	PAST	They crouched down , waiting for Ryland 's team when the radio gave a soft sigh .
tr	PAST	Drifting clouds floated above them , turning from gold to brown , and then to purple , pink , and orange .
tr	PAST	Ben 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	Then he quickly mouths the repellant spell .
tr	PRES	' ' We barter . "
tr	PAST	Thinking of her years with Tom conjured up such ugly images in her mind .
tr	PRES	" We request entrance .
tr	PAST	She eyed him , once again wary .
tr	PAST	Miss Level clasped all four hands together in distress .
tr	PAST	She had always sensed his control and resented it , but abruptly it had shattered , and the naked intensity of his expression was almost frightening .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to me , and pressure clamped down on my chest .
tr	PAST	And the horrible silence of the other patients jagged my nerves .
tr	PAST	Hess stiffened , sucking in a breath .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her dark hair and appeared to be uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	I crouched by the riverbank and laid my flowers beside it with their stems dipped in the murky water .
tr	PAST	After ordering from his favorite Thai restaurant he selected a wine from the rack .
tr	PRES	I swing around , frowning while brushing sweat from my face .
tr	PAST	She slowed and turned into my driveway , the gravel crunching under her tires .
tr	PAST	which like everything else his father said , received no reply from the boy .
tr	PAST	She dealt Miranda and Milton in .
tr	PAST	Her stomach muscles tensed , but she smiled .
tr	PRES	' Du n no . '
tr	PAST	She stiffened , eyes shooting open as she remembered something painful .
tr	PAST	So everyone quieted at his sharply uttered words .
tr	PAST	I cringed , thinking about what she was going to say next .
tr	PRES	And then ... he pops like a hot air balloon .
tr	PAST	Rachel cocked her head to the side , starting to feel more than a little claustrophobic .
tr	PRES	" Of course , mon ange ! "
tr	PAST	My arm freed from their weight , I jerked free , ripped my trusty diamond knife free and skewered another .
tr	PAST	The coffee maker beeped and she fixed herself a cup .
tr	PAST	In a few seconds , the prisoner bodies shrank and shriveled up .
tr	PRES	" With both our names on the lease . "
tr	PRES	A look passes between Grant and Jeff and then Jeff and Sarah before he nods .
tr	PRES	She shone like a beam of spring sunshine even in the darkening storm .
tr	PRES	The blood disappears from his gloves .
tr	PRES	My pace gradually fades again as I see no activity .
tr	PRES	Everybody loves everybody and you 're all going home holding hands ? "
tr	PRES	" Hey , he 's not the only one with work commitments , " Gail teased .
tr	PRES	" I just ... fuck .
tr	PAST	He bounced around the room , knocking into furniture and his brother and sister .
tr	PRES	One of the reporters pushes a microphone in front of me .
tr	PRES	Practically spitting the words .
tr	PAST	The plane finally taxied along the smooth runway .
tr	PRES	If Thiago sees you - " " Thiago ? "
tr	PAST	Evelyn stated , but she didn 't make any attempt to stop the dogs either .
tr	PRES	He opens it before I signal .
tr	PAST	I fetched up against the side of a vat .
tr	PRES	Maybe AM stands for Aunt Maya . "
tr	PAST	They hauled their luggage into the chapel lobby .
tr	PAST	2 Raj accompanied Jyoti didi whenever she visited in our house .
tr	PRES	" Because he loves it . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	She crouched and picked up one of the larger shards .
tr	PRES	The large man digs deeper in his hold and lifts the man up off the ground .
tr	PAST	He squinted and turned to Shelly .
tr	PAST	Corinne cocked her head slightly and stared blankly , as if gazing at her mother in her imagination .
tr	PAST	The Louboutin stilettos flattered her already perfect legs and butt .
tr	PRES	Ivy stands up first and waits for me to join her .
tr	PAST	My breathing sped as I rested my head back against his chest .
tr	PRES	He opens his notepad before even beginning .
tr	PAST	She hopped down from the barstool and slipped some bills under the empty plate .
tr	PRES	We urge you : Have compassion for the mundane world .
tr	PRES	The king and your brother await the child in her outer chambers .
tr	PAST	Its cover featured a guy with an amazing physique .
tr	PRES	hollers Jerry Miller , his gold star of David glimmering reddish blue , as if it 's reflecting an igniting flame .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " Jake answered glancing out the window , " She lets us do pretty much whatever we want . "
tr	PAST	Beth advanced on the injured man , enjoying the situation .
tr	PRES	He disconnected the call and stopped the car .
tr	PAST	The car again slowed and turned into the grove of trees disappearing from the roadway .
tr	PRES	I shout back , fending off a few more attempted scratches at my eyes .
tr	PRES	He opens the gate and walks over to us , scanning my dress appreciatively .
tr	PRES	" Yes sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	" It 's not all it 's cracked up to be , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	My nostrils flare when I 'm angry and I wonder if Ray feels a small gust of wind .
tr	PAST	They dispatched the rest of the frigates and then spread out to finish the fighters .
tr	PRES	Talk to Sasuke then text me the plan . "
tr	PRES	They sprout in only a couple of weeks .
tr	PAST	Ty gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	The black marble fills with a blue form .
tr	PRES	Once inside , I lean against the wall next to the door .
tr	PRES	The recorder also stands , and slips his screen into his bag .
tr	PRES	" The Continental payroll gold . "
tr	PRES	" Irene Ralston , but I don 't have family over there .
tr	PRES	I mumbled another incoherent word of thanks and fled the room as quickly as I could .
tr	PRES	It just kills me that we could 've been together all these years . "
tr	PAST	Now behold the results of your inability to govern ! "
tr	PRES	" Not at all , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	As we were talking , the receptionist advised us that Mr. Tomlinson was ready to see us .
tr	PAST	She willed her mind to be still ; this was an order it was used to defying .
tr	PAST	His hands clutched into fists .
tr	PRES	The modern era of mans innovation and the internet never ceases to amaze me .
tr	PAST	She motioned to her arms .
tr	PAST	But something else tugged at his thoughts .
tr	PAST	This required more thought .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his nose in that sensitive spot at my jaw .
tr	PAST	Xavier cocked his head again .
tr	PRES	What he doesn 't understand , he certainly attempts to . "
tr	PRES	" Obviously , the one that exists to train specially vicious and lethal bodyguards . "
tr	PRES	Then he averted his eyes .
tr	PAST	The water in the tub had neared the top and she closed the faucets .
tr	PRES	Dad disappears off the track .
tr	PAST	Skyler collapsed forward on the bed , gasping for air .
tr	PAST	Sulla wagged her head .
tr	PAST	" Where does that sound familiar , " Lizzie pondered tapping her lower cheek .
tr	PRES	I become so engrossed in my writing I tune out the rest of the world , almost have to be shaken to answer a telephone .
tr	PRES	But now that he 's actually face to face with the situation he sees it as a death trap . "
tr	PAST	J puzzled , " oh , right , " and silently cursed his six earlier masks .
tr	PRES	He glances at me from the corner of his eyes .
tr	PRES	I plaster on a smile , because I have to .
tr	PAST	She hopped nimbly onto the toilet , crouched down , and held her breath .
tr	PAST	Chapter Four Hearing Burnett speak lessened the emotional lump in Kylie 's throat .
tr	PRES	" Three returns to Ramsgate , please . "
tr	PRES	" Because she 's been gone from this world for some time , luv . "
tr	PRES	" Nothing stands out ? "
tr	PAST	" Um ... a couple , " Capella mumbled , turning red again .
tr	PAST	I squinted , but I couldn 't make it out from all the other lines spread over the blueprint .
tr	PAST	Fitch 's brain froze .
tr	PRES	He likes to scare off new people . "
tr	PRES	Turns out she and Girard both think I have excellent taste .
tr	PRES	" A demonstration . "
tr	PAST	They both soon quieted , focusing their attention outside their own selves again .
tr	PRES	" Authentic witch songs ? "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and forced out , " This time .
tr	PAST	The security camera footage identified two arsonists : Adam Pierce and Gavin Waller . "
tr	PAST	They weaved their way through a dozen or so tables and reached a small booth in the back corner .
tr	PRES	A large machine stands on the other side , with a man-sized tray coming out of it .
tr	PAST	The blonde replaced the intercom and then turned to Melanie .
tr	PAST	Zelda asks , her disciple long since dispatched for more reconnaissance .
tr	PRES	My family loves me unconditionally .
tr	PRES	" Only if all of you belongs to me . "
tr	PRES	We strive to be better , and we should greet every day we live with a desire to make it better .
tr	PRES	He disappears back to the truck and returns a few moments later , leading Gary towards us .
tr	PAST	He flicked my collarbone with his tongue .
tr	PRES	I wipe sweat from my forehead and look at my fingers .
tr	PAST	" You skipped out without saying a word . "
tr	PRES	Blue and white calico male , shaggy hair , extra large build , black whiskers , nose , pads and eyes .
tr	PRES	My mother stands up so abruptly that her chair almost overturns .
tr	PRES	" Yes , lets . "
tr	PAST	His fingers threaded through her hair as he pressed her close to his chest and took solace in the fact that he was holding her again .
tr	PAST	" Please , please let them not have seen us , " Emma prayed aloud .
tr	PAST	" Or maybe even just quit and we can start a family . "
tr	PAST	Sheen retreated and ducked behind a corner .
tr	PAST	Dr. James took off his gloves and rummaged around in a cabinet , his voice slightly muffled as he reached for something deep in its recesses .
tr	PRES	" Thank you Warrior , but we lost many officers on Neo Utopia , my advancement was out of necessity , " Valarie states humbly .
tr	PRES	He inhales her scent and cradles her head in his hand again to bring her lips even closer and he brushes them against his own .
tr	PAST	Cream and raspberry jam squirted out the sides .
tr	PAST	" I wish I had more time to sort this out , " she lied again , but not as smoothly this time .
tr	PAST	Around Alexander , she acted like a thirteen-year-old girl who had her first crush .
tr	PRES	" The grunting is all John and I could get out of him in the car , " Sarah whispers to me .
tr	PRES	And then he stops .
tr	PAST	He slapped his forehead with his palm .
tr	PAST	She never remarried or even dated .
tr	PAST	The man 's phone beeped as the call ended and then a moment later the door buzzed .
tr	PAST	I smacked his chest and laughed .
tr	PAST	Now , humans worshipped their technology .
tr	PRES	And what text ? "
tr	PAST	He extended his spidery middle finger and gave two deliberate taps .
tr	PRES	Never mind , " I mumbled but Ruby pulled it out of my grasp .
tr	PRES	Knell exhales slowly climbing the cliff .
tr	PRES	" Well , " she begins .
tr	PAST	The guard regarded him for a moment before answering .
tr	PRES	" She never misses class . "
tr	PAST	Then he stated , " She 's wolf and that explains her senses amongst other things but you know she has additional abilities . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , wrapping her arms around his neck .
tr	PAST	" Why would I - " Gabriel palmed my chin , fingers pressing lightly into my powdered cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Are you deaf , witch ? "
tr	PRES	" You have enviable talents and qualities , you little bastard , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	He drifts on through the restless crowd .
tr	PAST	He looked at her , received the chocolate bar and pinched her cheek , " You 're one of a kind .
tr	PAST	Professionally she treated Carly to stern lectures on proper writing technique .
tr	PAST	The horror of what I 'd just witnessed assaulted me on every level .
tr	PRES	Her mottled green eyes shine brighter when she 's angry , and her face flushes a dark red .
tr	PRES	The night speeds past us as Luca drives .
tr	PRES	" Thought that was your line , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Shane exhaled on a ragged breath .
tr	PAST	He eyed us carefully .
tr	PAST	Hank just designed it .
tr	PRES	" Here , lean over . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked over to Sawyer 's then back to mine .
tr	PRES	An MP quickly rips off a length of duct tape and slaps it across her face .
tr	PRES	" The President . "
tr	PRES	" He smack you around with the gun ? "
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Multitasking as usual , she shuffled through the pink message slips , prioritizing the pages as she walked the service corridors between the meeting rooms .
tr	PRES	" He belongs to me . "
tr	PAST	In fact , if I remember correctly , I only attended classes for a few weeks .
tr	PRES	The girl stops in front of us , catching her breath .
tr	PRES	Sun Song Sleep in the body of my heart .
tr	PRES	Rann frowns and stands , swinging towards the refrigerator .
tr	PRES	That 's no worry , the high tide brings a good number of them out into the open ever so often !
tr	PAST	Verity sensed the rapacious hunger of the ribbons and knew what was happening .
tr	PRES	" Katherine McKenna . "
tr	PAST	" Lexa hacked into their com system .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me , her eyes wet and red .
tr	PAST	Ronan grunted softly as he started the car and pulled away from the curb .
tr	PRES	He " d taken it , and run , not stopping until he was out in the fresh night air .
tr	PRES	Father describes crops , son describes missionary work .
tr	PRES	He also holds her hand .
tr	PRES	' I ... err ... ' Angelina stared guiltily at her hands .
tr	PAST	Has Guri engaged them ? "
tr	PRES	But having someone else at the helm with me breathes a whole new life into things . "
tr	PAST	I sped up my pace .
tr	PRES	Gage hisses in my ear .
tr	PRES	The blue ornament with baby Jesus on the front .
tr	PRES	" All right , then I will believe you , sister-in-law . "
tr	PAST	" I 've never owned anything this beautiful , " she exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PRES	It comforts me though .
tr	PAST	" Nein , Herr Major , " reported the senior member of the party .
tr	PAST	Adele giggled again , but it was a nervous sound this time .
tr	PRES	Jetta flounces toward me , the red bow lopsided in her hair , but her lips still a soft pink in a big grin .
tr	PRES	' So what brings you here today , Tom ? '
tr	PRES	he mumbled against her lips .
tr	PRES	" Then yes , Special Agent Grady .
tr	PAST	I can 't do this , " I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed suddenly , pulling his phone out of his pocket and answering it roughly , " What ? "
tr	PRES	" My sweet , wicked lass . "
tr	PRES	He opens the greenhouse door .
tr	PAST	Sally 's story created a sensation , which it fully deserved .
tr	PAST	Shut up ... " Fred grunted that made us jump in fear .
tr	PRES	He glances uneasily at the names Lexi , Ryder , and No One tattooed on my arm .
tr	PAST	" If you and I were engaged .
tr	PAST	As he drew to a close , the Professor revealed that one of the contenders for the title of World 's Largest Organism was a fungus .
tr	PAST	She downed the contents of her whisky , gagged momentarily as the fire hit her throat and stormed his desk .
tr	PRES	Who wears underwear ? "
tr	PAST	His chocolate and mint breath swirled around me as he inched his lips closer to mine .
tr	PAST	Built of slate , it featured large picture windows that overlooked a bluff on Puget Sound .
tr	PAST	She giggled as he cleared it , her mouth unwilling to leave his .
tr	PRES	Relief and happiness slams into me , and that 's how I know this is the right decision .
tr	PAST	I just dumped her best friend , and that 's not the greatest thing one would want to happen to their best friends .
tr	PRES	" Hello , my future Mrs. Edmund Lauer . "
tr	PRES	The moon crawls above the Winds at my back , and I cast a lunar shadow across the road .
tr	PRES	And whatever Dare 's reasons , maybe he wishes the same thing . "
tr	PAST	With another pat on her head , he spurred his horse forward .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to reveal multiple rows of gnashing teeth which stand out in a sea of saliva .
tr	PRES	Maybe ... Another explosion brings me back to the terror of the moment .
tr	PAST	The elevator slowed , then stopped with a ding .
tr	PAST	Whom , I 'm glad to say , we cheered up enough to be rewarded with their laughter and smiles ! '
tr	PAST	Even though he 'd hurt me , I prayed he was safe , knowing my prayer would go unanswered .
tr	PAST	" Jesus , " I exhaled when I noticed it was just a man who looked like him .
tr	PAST	She prayed he believed her .
tr	PAST	" Beaver , Oklahoma , to be exact , " he announced proudly .
tr	PRES	My heart fails for a moment .
tr	PAST	It 's most marvelously complicated , don 't you think , my girl ? "
tr	PRES	The crowd begins to shout his name , " Steve !
tr	PRES	He reaches for my other hand too .
tr	PRES	They now belong to his son .
tr	PAST	I inhaled at the warmth and peace in their physical contact .
tr	PRES	Moonlight shone on his black hair .
tr	PAST	" I have more riddles , " Rachel volunteered .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't die on me , " she begged to the extremely large , inert form .
tr	PRES	Doyle snaps and we keep walking .
tr	PAST	He seized her wrist , fingers shaking as he kept himself from gripping too hard .
tr	PRES	Lisa frowns as she looks at the three-dimensional spinning image .
tr	PRES	She reaches for the glass of milk , takes a sip and then takes me in her mouth until I feel the back of her throat .
tr	PRES	Well , whoever signed this crappy piece of legislation into effect deserves to be strung up by his balls ! "
tr	PAST	Ally giggled , " Some of the guys , but definitely not Jonah .
tr	PAST	Violet giggled at the expression of shock on his face .
tr	PRES	The silhouette of a girl frames the window , and my heart starts slamming against my chest .
tr	PAST	The sign out in front of the bar advertised early bird drink specials , beginning at 10am .
tr	PRES	Alex stills beside me , and then he quickly slips his fingers out of me and puts a finger over my mouth .
tr	PRES	" But , I am looking at you , you gaping cunt . "
tr	PRES	" Just ten shots . "
tr	PRES	" Your witness . "
tr	PRES	she mumbled through a yawn .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" No survivors . "
tr	PRES	A drink floats through the air , and Duke , who is leaning against a tree , catches it .
tr	PAST	Born blind , she preferred being a ghost .
tr	PAST	Kell sighted down the barrel and gently squeezed the trigger .
tr	PAST	" I could really do with a drink " he sniffed .
tr	PAST	Bright light exploded around her as she crashed through the door , splintering it into a thousand pieces .
tr	PRES	someone bellowed behind him , maybe Maximus .
tr	PRES	she mumbled , still not willing to leave the warmth of her sleepy state .
tr	PRES	She stares up at him .
tr	PAST	Jet beads adorned them in strange geometrical designs .
tr	PRES	Sorry I disturbed your flirtation . "
tr	PRES	Kicking off her shoes behind the door , she padded down the hallway in front of me .
tr	PRES	James glides the car into the empty lot of an abandoned farm , and parks .
tr	PAST	Her nimble fingers clasped onto his shirt and tugged it away from his skin .
tr	PRES	Why bother with all that paperwork from all those individual tax returns ?
tr	PRES	He reaches for the pen and notebook in the file cabinet just behind his desk .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , moving a chair to their table so that she could sit down with them .
tr	PAST	Horses and riders charged each other again .
tr	PRES	The threads of energy all snap back into place , and I gasp at the sudden emptiness .
tr	PRES	She stalls , then lurches back into gear as we make a messy three-point turn .
tr	PAST	His hand curved around my thigh , slowly moving upward .
tr	PRES	I yell for the breeder slash trainer .
tr	PRES	' Ye gods ! '
tr	PAST	" Now then , we should be getting back to the ship , " the Captain instructed as he headed for the door .
tr	PRES	Nothing in the hierarchy changes .
tr	PAST	Cindy giggled again , blushing like mad .
tr	PAST	After all , hadn 't her body treated her well ?
tr	PAST	Bishop Russo scribbled in large letters , " He said he would take care of it .
tr	PAST	He stalked over to her , caught her by the shoulders , and shook her roughly .
tr	PAST	I yawned really loudly .
tr	PAST	" You desired to be near the Institute and Citizen Michaels . "
tr	PRES	She wraps her fingers around mine , giving me zero resistance .
tr	PAST	Rusty slapped his thigh , and all the leprechauns laughed like this was the best joke they 'd ever heard .
tr	PRES	" And no one deserves to die because of you . "
tr	PRES	Our wet bodies are pressed together , the air damp , heavy , filled with heat .
tr	PAST	Little Mink dove into the river , swimming across in hot pursuit of his prey .
tr	PRES	She talks non-stop as she shows me the samples she 's brought based on Linda 's description of me .
tr	PAST	He cocked back his arm .
tr	PRES	Gene was draped over the wall a few feet away , elbows resting on top .
tr	PAST	Her hair whipped back from her face and the air pressure bore down on her .
tr	PAST	The joyous relief Verity experienced when her searching fingers found the mechanism was instantly shattered when she tried to operate it .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , now climbing up and then holding on to the top bar .
tr	PAST	Corinne froze in place , her entire body going perfectly still .
tr	PAST	-- Lucius announced and before he ended the sentence , Xenia was already at the bed of Sebastian .
tr	PAST	And the children taunted Stephen horribly about his mother - about being a bastard .
tr	PAST	No wonder al those sil y cheerleaders swoon over him regardless of the fact that he 's as big as a sumo wrestler .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , " I warn .
tr	PRES	" From the , it allows to lose . "
tr	PAST	She lingered there for some time , contemplating the night past , recalling Drake 's kisses , the sensual heat that had flared between them .
tr	PAST	" No wonder Dag wanted Dave to win today , " Buzz surmised .
tr	PRES	Combined with the heat and the smells creeping in from outside ... It brings it all back so vividly .
tr	PAST	Mortimer once again proved his love for food by buying way too much .
tr	PAST	It is nothing less than the existence of the human race that depends on our work : our real work , you comprehend ?
tr	PAST	" Oh , have a heart , Matt , " urged Nora .
tr	PAST	Victoria attended this dance because she could not disappoint Duchess Winnie .
tr	PAST	Then he transformed back into Doberman form and prepared to lead this particular Earth friend into battle .
tr	PRES	He then talks continuously for ten minutes and , when done , believes that I 'm a great conversationalist .
tr	PAST	Instead he slowed his thrusts and held a near sobbing Tara as she floated back to earth .
tr	PRES	Rob sees me but he doesn 't try to stop me .
tr	PRES	After several more attempts the light shone green and she opened the door .
tr	PAST	" One child for each of her humanoid mates at the time . "
tr	PAST	Then the time stamp skipped again and the room was empty .
tr	PRES	He points a finger low against the table .
tr	PRES	with a crisp " above 90 % . "
tr	PAST	All sorts of thoughts swirled through her mind , the worst of them that Jamie had died and that her sister needed her .
tr	PAST	Albert negotiated a deal with his highness , Pete Quinn .
tr	PRES	" So she deserves an apology now . "
tr	PAST	His cel phone buzzed in his jacket pocket .
tr	PRES	The lamp by Uncle Gary 's bedside shone toward him , highlighting his strained face , casting his shadows even blacker .
tr	PAST	He motioned me around to the rider side of the cab , like I should get in and join him .
tr	PRES	He feigns surprise at many of them , he delights in telling me how likely we are to fail .
tr	PAST	" Damage received ! "
tr	PAST	" But at what cost ?
tr	PRES	He loves you so much , just as much as I do . "
tr	PRES	Chapter 14 History tends to gloss over revolutions , since they 're an indication of that disunity and internal strife that academics find distressingly messy .
tr	PAST	Layton slapped the hell out of my back and started laughing .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it time for your nap ? "
tr	PAST	Branches and trunks plunged through the thin roof and landed in the small confines , one of the branches landing directly in the fireplace .
tr	PRES	The vault of heaven holds back its torrent of affection , teasing the parched soil just enough to make her want it , beg for it .
tr	PAST	Someone cleaned really well , and often .
tr	PAST	Ian crawled onto the bed as best he could , arms around them both , staring down at their miraculous little creation .
tr	PRES	It freaked a lot of my friends out but you cannot change who you are .
tr	PRES	" They threw me in a trunk , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Connor sensed fear in Billy 's eyes as he came closer with each step .
tr	PRES	I urge the goats forward , but as soon as they find their footing they slip again , and I do as well .
tr	PRES	Living room , kitchen , game room , wash room , pantry .
tr	PRES	She had offers , but none of them were from her heart 's true desire .
tr	PRES	My mom whispers in my ear , " Use protection , dear . "
tr	PRES	Once again , the dim blue triangle fills his vision , and succumbing for only a moment , he quickly sets his mind back to the task .
tr	PAST	The paramedics cleaned her up and sent her on her way .
tr	PAST	Politicians denied the collapsing , financial health of this great nation .
tr	PAST	She tipped the body off the camp stool before the spray of blood doused the laptop .
tr	PAST	If Carl had engaged in any street drugs , she doubted that his parents would have known about it .
tr	PRES	" What an amusement you are , little Mia .
tr	PRES	It remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	How long before she trusted him again ?
tr	PAST	Luc stiffened but followed his new guide .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Upstream from everyone , the Wanderer arose from the river .
tr	PRES	Elliott strikes up a conversation with her and several men sitting around us .
tr	PAST	It coasted near the other side of the bay .
tr	PRES	" I love you , Hope , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " Danni lied .
tr	PRES	" What brings you back to New York , Abby ? "
tr	PAST	The forester collapsed to the ground , wailing .
tr	PAST	A look of concern washed upon his face .
tr	PRES	As he steers the woman down the hallway , he throws me a wink .
tr	PAST	She grunted , bearing down .
tr	PRES	Instinctively , I bow my body over Vel .
tr	PAST	Jumping back in , we race to the house and rouse her from her sleep while the others gather in the living room .
tr	PRES	" Such action deserves a punishment . "
tr	PRES	She tries to hug him , but he backs up and offers a half-hearted high five instead .
tr	PRES	Mouth agape , she bolted upright .
tr	PAST	" The little bots ... , " growling .
tr	PRES	He pushes to his feet though he can 't stand upright in here .
tr	PRES	She instantly slides closer to me until her face is nuzzled against my chest .
tr	PAST	The sink in the kitchen area served as her bathing station .
tr	PRES	We all pile in and Alec pushes the button at the bottom labeled 'S ' .
tr	PRES	I regard her darkly .
tr	PRES	We have to try and work through this , " I begged .
tr	PRES	" Trevor , Pigeon , Summer ... and I 'm not sure I 've met you . "
tr	PAST	" They pretty much destroyed it .
tr	PAST	Deni unzipped his jeans .
tr	PRES	His voice tickles my ear .
tr	PRES	Waits , tries again .
tr	PAST	I eyed him suspiciously , remembering how many times my father told me not to talk to strangers .
tr	PRES	He tugs on the collar of his uniform , clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know what I 'm going to do , Clay , " Ruby whispered , her voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	I even downed at least five cups of coffee during the final hours of the party .
tr	PAST	Spinning around , I weaved through my family , jogging towards the tunnel .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , pal ... you can 't come this time . "
tr	PRES	He fills his ledger with slogans and mysterious symbols .
tr	PRES	" So Ash , what are you going to play for us tonight ? "
tr	PRES	* He belongs to the other Queen .
tr	PAST	I squinted across the showroom .
tr	PAST	Vanessa squealed and threw herself into his arms .
tr	PAST	" Actually , we , only , engaged at this stage .
tr	PRES	Someone flips off the fuses and the lights go out but you can still see the gunfire .
tr	PAST	Taylor pondered the question for a minute before she answered .
tr	PRES	Thinking for a while he begins , " My mother 's name is , Snow Flower .
tr	PRES	The streetlight from behind throws a halo around her face .
tr	PAST	Continuing upward , she sensed Luc directly behind her .
tr	PRES	He points at the man on the left with a laser pen .
tr	PRES	Gage stands , bracing himself against the table with his large fists .
tr	PAST	Breathing hard , he collapsed on top of her , spent and satisfied as he breathed in her scent .
tr	PAST	Saturday , December 21 Sam visited all the manufacturers who were working overtime to get his next shipment ready .
tr	PRES	" Welcome to reality , Stewart , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	The forefathers value that , too .
tr	PAST	" She was the best , " Phyllis sniffed and reached for a tissue .
tr	PRES	Once there , only one thought consumes you : take life from the living to live again .
tr	PRES	She opens the door easy and closes it easy , and steps out and goes around the front of the car to meet him on the beach .
tr	PAST	Without any further indecisiveness , I hopped off my bed and went into Marco and Sophia 's room .
tr	PRES	" You sell your people short .
tr	PRES	Leon snuck a momentary glance toward Heart of the People 's cloth tent .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Albert ? "
tr	PAST	Maggie stiffened beside her .
tr	PAST	The big Deputy fled down the hallway , mumbling something to Arden under his breath , hell-bent on getting out of the Sheriff 's range .
tr	PAST	He relayed stories he had heard about the type of people they had been , a strong family full of pride .
tr	PRES	Feeling a warm vibration next to him , he opens his eyes and looks to his right , " Mira !
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth as he cowered in the corner , his dark eyes shadowed and haunted .
tr	PAST	Duncan tugged on the reins at what stood as a stable .
tr	PAST	Molly absently blotted some spilled coffee from the table .
tr	PAST	India slapped her leg , rocking in her silent laughter .
tr	PAST	Amber pinched the bridge of her nose .
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PAST	' What about the Porcelain Princess then , smarty pants ?
tr	PRES	" Be quiet , " I hiss .
tr	PRES	That stupid puta always buys it first .
tr	PAST	Something icy dove beneath his hat brim and brushed his cheek .
tr	PRES	Chris asked , bat resting on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Lulu 's giggle floats on the air .
tr	PAST	With every move she made , he inched a little closer to her .
tr	PAST	Define ' complicated . ' "
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , the Flash rune currently causes the Sensor 's normal function to slow down and often stop working entirely .
tr	PRES	French fries and nachos .
tr	PRES	" And when you 're done , you just click on the word ' back , ' and it 'll bring you back to the menu . "
tr	PAST	His own problems intruded once more on his thoughts .
tr	PRES	" A McCabe of course . "
tr	PRES	Emma stares into the room intently .
tr	PRES	It applies nerve pressures and releases chemicals that influence the host to act . "
tr	PRES	He lets me take the phone from his hand and slips my hands into his .
tr	PAST	The shards of wood from the hangar roof exploded into Reds Two and Three , knocking them off course .
tr	PRES	He glances at a clipboard he 's holding .
tr	PRES	" Thirty-two , " I echo .
tr	PAST	" Good-bye , my friend , " Raven whispered to the retreating figure .
tr	PRES	And she loves you . "
tr	PRES	" In a hurry , eh ?
tr	PRES	Recollection fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	Kent tipped his head , squinting .
tr	PAST	The plate shattered on the sink .
tr	PRES	As Prospero leads us across two wide avenues , the tip of my boot crushes part of a shattered mask .
tr	PAST	I inhaled and looked around the room .
tr	PAST	Harry clutched his own belt and tested it .
tr	PRES	She refuses to heed my instruction ! "
tr	PRES	I drag it over my sweaty neck and chest , then up my arms as well .
tr	PRES	" Now that I 've saved your life , little human , it belongs to me .
tr	PAST	Her skintight gown matched the deep black of her hair , while smoky shadow rimmed her hazel eyes .
tr	PAST	That she risked everything .
tr	PRES	Serena glides through the trees like a soundless bird , with Murphy and Kai clinging to her shadow below .
tr	PRES	" Be still , my heart , " Corinne teased , clutching at her heart dramatically .
tr	PAST	The man slapped Daniel across the face , the sound of the glove against his cheek surprising him more than the actual blow .
tr	PAST	Those notes proved invaluable to me as I fit the whole story together .
tr	PAST	Will this sweetener prolong my satisfaction further ? "
tr	PAST	rumbled a throaty voice .
tr	PAST	" Professor Murphy , " Foster boomed .
tr	PRES	" Maybe a Roman temple ?
tr	PAST	I rasped , even as I arched back to give him better access .
tr	PRES	His tone softens and he appears resigned to the situation .
tr	PAST	Respect glowed in Nicolette 's eyes .
tr	PRES	His fingertips tickle my neck , circling it .
tr	PRES	Me , too , " I add .
tr	PAST	Easing from the kiss , he slowly withdrew .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , rising to follow a quickly moving Clare to the parlor .
tr	PAST	exclaimed Pat , " why haven 't I found this before ? "
tr	PAST	I calculated your weight .
tr	PAST	He quickly retracted his arms and then spoke to the crowd , " The device uses a more advanced language than I am programmed to understand .
tr	PAST	In her smooth tone , I sensed a trap ; I just couldn 't make out its shape just yet .
tr	PAST	Josephine pondered her situation and wondered why she was so unlucky .
tr	PAST	" I stole from you .
tr	PRES	' Let Sebastian punch her in the face a couple of times if she 's giving you trouble .
tr	PAST	When she reached the other side , footsteps charged the fire escape .
tr	PRES	Kara ruffled his hair and bent down to kiss his cheek .
tr	PAST	Though I wanted to close the distance between us and wrap him on the top of the head with my knuckles , I restrained myself .
tr	PRES	" As the moon grows it draws up the things from the ground .
tr	PRES	A large brown leather couch stands by a low table in the center of the bar room and in front of a large abstract mural .
tr	PAST	We each received one on our seventeenth birthday . "
tr	PRES	Together , they snuck out the window and onto the nearest branch .
tr	PAST	Rand 's muscles froze and his brain screamed , No .
tr	PAST	I screwed my face up in concentration .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Stanley .
tr	PRES	When it 's time to go , Noah holds up a finger signaling me to wait while he passes me to get to Jenna .
tr	PAST	' The tip of the sun just came up above the horizon , ' he reported . '
tr	PRES	He elbows Alec in the ribs and laughs an inordinately boisterous laugh again .
tr	PAST	Rock crawled back into the car , shifted into gear and hit the pedal .
tr	PRES	He taps his fingers on the arm on his chair , each knock of his fingers grating on me .
tr	PRES	" I assume by the state of the pencil that you 've found something . "
tr	PAST	The banter lightened my mood , and the departure that followed wasn 't terrible .
tr	PRES	Outside the sun shone brightly .
tr	PRES	" Finally , " he teased .
tr	PRES	The door opens , and in walks Jax and Fallon in their matching red velvet dresses .
tr	PAST	He lingered on her breasts , and for the first time in her life , she felt them tighten .
tr	PAST	" Well , Mr Ivor , " piped up Lachlan .
tr	PAST	She giggled and rushed ahead , felt like she was flying there , borne on the giddy pleasure of his pursuing chuckles .
tr	PAST	He stares at me sideways .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to enter the room .
tr	PAST	Searching for the opening , Dollop and Sandbag rotated the cloth in their hands .
tr	PRES	You belong here , and I think the world of her and the kids .
tr	PAST	He finally quit after a near-fatal heart attack .
tr	PRES	" He hasn 't been in the water long , Tench .
tr	PRES	He winks , smiles and slides lower in the water .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't make it any better ... " Robert whispers .
tr	PRES	Sprinting forward , he throws the door open to find the sound is outside as well , though not nearly as loud .
tr	PAST	With a cry of despair she exclaimed , " I cannot do this .
tr	PRES	He fel silent , watching me curiously .
tr	PAST	" Cooking is very therapeutic , " she defended and went back into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	A few thudding heartbeats later , Renzo realized that he 'd shot to a sitting position and was staring at them , and they were staring back .
tr	PRES	" Doing a late , Bob ? "
tr	PAST	As if recognizing her presence , " Hell 's Bane " glowed brighter .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number , thinking of how Cleo 's legs looked sticking out from behind the shower curtain .
tr	PAST	The paramedics reported to the ER doctor that I was stable and they were bringing me and my father in .
tr	PAST	Jerking on his clothes , he stomped to the kitchen for coffee .
tr	PRES	" And Lacey ? "
tr	PAST	He not only physically abused her ; he abused her mentally and emotionally .
tr	PRES	She likes it . "
tr	PRES	As I hand it over a little piece of paper falls to the ground .
tr	PRES	Says the woman , sounding even more displeased .
tr	PAST	Before she could reply , Jemma ran in , her dark hair bouncing around on the crown of her head , her face panicked .
tr	PRES	He looked up at Argon , his eyes watery .
tr	PRES	Her husband consoles her the best that he can , putting both arms around her .
tr	PRES	Cooper stops rubbing his thumb on my hip , " You 're fearless to me .
tr	PRES	Silence passes between us and , after a while , I become restless .
tr	PAST	Therefore , he preferred to target her kidneys .
tr	PRES	" July seventeenth . "
tr	PAST	" Fine , that 's just real fine , Hawk .
tr	PRES	I scramble down the banks and call across to where he 's standing , knee-deep in the water .
tr	PAST	Seven stars circled over his heart .
tr	PAST	In his position beside Timberlake , Flattery clutched a stanchion , asked himself : Where is Prue ?
tr	PRES	" We don 't have much time , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	His eyes betrayed no emotion and his mouth bore the marks of tension .
tr	PRES	" Two more weeks , " he growled , taking hold of her face and stealing one more hard , possessive kiss that made her heart skip .
tr	PAST	Jacobs crawled behind the wheel and whirled the truck around , spattering the sheriff with loose gravel and rocks .
tr	PRES	Finally , the tiniest of smiles touches the corners of her mouth .
tr	PRES	She whipped the bear out of her shirt and tossed it back in the box , along with the other items .
tr	PRES	The hologram changes into Pox , sitting inside the carriage seat .
tr	PAST	Kurt 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	If he can prove infidelity , he gains leverage , and the war starts from there , at something less than half . "
tr	PAST	But her smile faltered as she remembered why , exactly , she was here .
tr	PAST	You risked your life , child , and yet meeting vampires frightens you ? "
tr	PAST	" I 'll talk to him , " Marcie piped up .
tr	PAST	Nick crawled onto the bed , wrapping Kelly 's hips in his arms and pul ing him closer .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her .
tr	PRES	The front door opens , spilling light onto the porch .
tr	PAST	Bryant hopped up into the air , where he spun backward , and at last grounded down on prepared feet .
tr	PAST	Bonnie stiffened in her seat and Karina glanced up at her , irritated by the movement .
tr	PRES	Quinn stares at me .
tr	PRES	After a while , the car stops and he opens his door .
tr	PAST	" Got any farther with that girl yet ? "
tr	PAST	Several balls of white light emerged from whatever was inside the pouch and floated above the wolves ' camp .
tr	PAST	He soaked the cloth down with alcohol and wiped the cloth on the area around the two holes .
tr	PAST	God created things which had free will .
tr	PAST	The afternoon sun reflected off of the glass and he had to squint his eyes tightly to even look that high .
tr	PRES	Such an inconvenience , but we shall have to deal with it .
tr	PRES	The plant then draws in its victim and absorbs the nutrients . "
tr	PRES	An angry scraping sound filled the room as rusted metal grinded against worn hinges to move .
tr	PRES	" Push your foot down into it .
tr	PRES	She offers me a warm smile .
tr	PAST	I crawled over to it and listened .
tr	PAST	She giggled and icy fear gripped me .
tr	PRES	" The Four . "
tr	PRES	' ' Hello ? "
tr	PRES	" Who are -- " she begins to ask , but then recognizes me and changes her tune : " oh it 's you .
tr	PRES	" He loves me ?
tr	PAST	I grunted as I rolled onto my shoulder , not remembering it were injured .
tr	PRES	He chews for a minute and then leans forward like he wants to tell me a secret .
tr	PRES	Caleb glances up , wondering why I 've stopped talking .
tr	PAST	They feared him more than they feared death by silver .
tr	PRES	He reaches for it to test me , but I move my hand to the side .
tr	PRES	" Hush , can you hear them singing ? "
tr	PRES	He freezes for a minute , then slowly -- so flipping slowly -- he brings his hands to my hair and kisses me back .
tr	PRES	She stretches up , smiles sleepily at me , opens her arms to me .
tr	PRES	My father talks to both of them .
tr	PAST	The kitten bounced across the room , the strange , purring growl rumbling in its chest .
tr	PAST	She retreated into the night .
tr	PAST	In all her " Lilly , " I exclaimed , overjoyed and confused .
tr	PRES	* * * Later that afternoon Katherine and Amy packed ready to go .
tr	PAST	If Nicolas was a plant looking for information , she doubted he was a good enough actor to conjure up the violent energy his anger was generating .
tr	PAST	Rumors swirled about lawsuits against the cruise company .
tr	PAST	Daniel cocked his head .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not done with you yet , " he murmurs , just as I am about to drift off to sleep .
tr	PAST	The right one still bore the marks of her bracelet of injuries , though they were fading to a light pink .
tr	PRES	But her face remains neutral , loyal to Realm .
tr	PAST	She feared every time they spoke telepathically , it strengthened the bond .
tr	PRES	" Okay , okay , how about , ah , the hotel around the corner .
tr	PAST	When she managed to grasp hold of anything , it disintegrated into blind , meaningless noise .
tr	PRES	I bob back up a moment later taking in a gulp of air .
tr	PAST	From what Ben could see , everyone else in the tavern treated the bar staff in the same way .
tr	PAST	He washed me as he washed himself , as though I was an extension of him .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , panicking at the speed things were moving .
tr	PAST	A quiet rap on the office door announced the arrival of coffee .
tr	PAST	Before I could get to her , Charlotte collapsed into the arms of a man I did not know .
tr	PAST	I sensed the danger and sprung loose from her foot , getting up quickly .
tr	PRES	" But others ... Sasha -- " her voice chokes up .
tr	PRES	She glares at me .
tr	PAST	Brad stuffed the rope into my hands and then dropped his backpack onto the ground .
tr	PRES	Chapter 8 " Enough ! "
tr	PRES	" Sloane , " he begins quietly .
tr	PRES	Amelia beamed , but didn 't give Austin a chance to reconsider .
tr	PAST	" Heard you were a member of the family , " Wayne slapped Ashe on the back when he stood .
tr	PRES	She doesn 't know about me , Cameron hisses in my head .
tr	PRES	He points back to where he had been sitting .
tr	PRES	" What about bank accounts - any unusual activity in any of those ? "
tr	PRES	' Because I want to marry you , Frances . '
tr	PRES	He frowns and tugs on one of his earrings .
tr	PAST	He barreled down the Grand Staircase , running after her .
tr	PRES	" He owes my family a favor . "
tr	PRES	I want you to do the same , " he begs her .
tr	PAST	She wagged her brows at him .
tr	PAST	He crawled in next to her .
tr	PAST	I threaded through the tables , making sure to keep my right hand affixed to my thigh so it wouldn 't accidentally brush anyone .
tr	PAST	As the water reached halfway up the back glass , Skyler motioned for her to put on her mask and regulator .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to follow him .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed as if this idea was impossible .
tr	PAST	Sage stiffened under her less than subtle stare .
tr	PAST	" Bastard , " Jason grunted as he tried to get around Hope to get to Tate .
tr	PAST	Lava still spewed from the volcano behind them .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and wrap my arms around her completely .
tr	PRES	Frankie stands there , about to knock on my door , looking worried .
tr	PAST	" Hey , it 's my news to tell , " I announced .
tr	PRES	Tiny red dots on the screen shone like beacons in the dark .
tr	PRES	More paper to thumb through , most of it gibberish to me .
tr	PRES	I discover Colton fast asleep on the sofa outside the guidance counselor 's office .
tr	PRES	" I " ve told people to load them up , sir , but - " " But what ? "
tr	PRES	And ... Protection for all the dorms on campus , so that the students are safe . "
tr	PAST	Beyond the river − not far beyond mind you − the road divides .
tr	PAST	She collapsed to her knees .
tr	PRES	All those presents waiting to be opened .
tr	PRES	This city steals my strength .
tr	PAST	Randa and I named her Cammie .
tr	PRES	I assume he is in the ER .
tr	PAST	Ka must have sensed it too for he turned back to look at me .
tr	PAST	Natalie regarded the young woman a moment .
tr	PAST	The bus slowed down , wounded and afraid .
tr	PRES	" He uses the program to funnel cash through .
tr	PAST	Her tongue vibrated as the air flowed from her mouth .
tr	PAST	Every sentient around the table froze into silence .
tr	PAST	Eva scooted to his side of the bed , looking for his warmth .
tr	PRES	Nicole rises and hugs him .
tr	PRES	I 've got a sore head but that 's all they did , " he explains .
tr	PRES	' Toby loves Janey ' was forbidden ground , though never stated as such .
tr	PAST	Bruno and Anatole have volunteered to keep you company while you divulge these useful pearls of wisdom to me . '
tr	PAST	It wasn 't like I tried to touch her or anything , " the man defended himself .
tr	PAST	He opened his mouth , his fangs fully extended .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven She entered the makeshift EOD headquarters with slow steps .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand in greeting .
tr	PAST	Or she clipped and watered her plants on the large terrace .
tr	PRES	A slow song plays from the speakers and the lights stop flickering and settle to a pale glow .
tr	PAST	The young woman , who wasn 't all that young anymore ( rapidly approaching her thirtieth year , if memory served ) , attempted a curtsy .
tr	PRES	My anger rises through my voice as I scoot away from her .
tr	PAST	Fury seized Mikhail and he longed to crush Jacob 's throat beneath his hands .
tr	PRES	No matter what the price , ' I repeat loudly .
tr	PAST	A face paler than hers painted white .
tr	PRES	I relax in the warmth of the sun .
tr	PAST	He doubted if she would have him helping her feed the pups if she hadn 't .
tr	PAST	As someone who had spent years becoming skilled in that particular expertise , he probably regarded it with almost as much distrust and wariness as Amara did .
tr	PAST	" Another long frustrating night then ? "
tr	PAST	He tricked her into betraying me . "
tr	PRES	Holder inches me back with each step closer my father gets .
tr	PRES	Immediately he stretches out his hand patiently waiting until with a mighty boom his axe flies through the wall into his hand .
tr	PRES	" Don 't kid yourself , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Show ' em how to do real American retail advertising down there . "
tr	PRES	' So it sounds like it 's comin ' fra ' somewhere else , ye ken ?
tr	PRES	He crawls over to me and lies breathlessly beside me , so we 're head to head , arm to arm , leg to leg .
tr	PRES	They threaten the lives of the people of Lucien .
tr	PRES	Crow sees the tower , the pin that holds the city to the lake .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , curling her lip in disgust .
tr	PAST	" Make yourself comfortable , " she said , her eyes gleaming with questions at his seating choice .
tr	PRES	I hit a third , then a fourth into her , but she never moves from her chair , she never stands .
tr	PAST	He crawled to the tunnel opening , panting and coughing .
tr	PRES	" You al right ? "
tr	PRES	The veil lets everyone know that you 're off-limits . "
tr	PAST	She emerged to see Inspector Fellows heading for the stables .
tr	PAST	Jun restrained a desire to slap the man , to get a reaction out of him .
tr	PAST	Familiar pain popped every vertebra into place , skin stretched and feathers retreated .
tr	PRES	He holds his arm straight out .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Neither Bradley , nor Megan or John noticed that the door behind them ... closed by itself .
tr	PAST	Watson exited the front passenger 's side , his arm in the sling .
tr	PAST	A priest from the monastery on a nearby island conducted quiet services in Latin .
tr	PRES	" The cord begins the bond , Max .
tr	PRES	" Now you relax .
tr	PRES	Least of all with a woman who can throw a right punch with the best of them , nor one who I can 't imagine without pigtails .
tr	PRES	With that the engine thunders , the dark machine rises and veers to the west .
tr	PRES	" Daddy loves Brazil .
tr	PRES	She returns my smile , and I think I see a hint of sympathy behind it .
tr	PAST	I panicked slightly , moving my feet quickly from the edge and onto the green of the grass .
tr	PAST	John collected the dogs from outside and returned to the table .
tr	PAST	My fingers shaking around the paper , I skipped the chain of command and glanced up at Tate .
tr	PRES	Even if it was just an afternoon nap .
tr	PRES	He tastes like mint toothpaste .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands in surrender .
tr	PRES	" But tragic . "
tr	PRES	As if staring thru me .
tr	PRES	" Yes , thanks , " I mumbled to her .
tr	PAST	" We all sensed it , everyone who was touching the crystal .
tr	PRES	Blood and gold thread .
tr	PAST	" The little spy provided its coordinate information by transmitting a radio signal .
tr	PAST	It 's dark out here , " Mike defended himself .
tr	PAST	For as long as he was still awake , Edward Kipper panicked in hopeless desperation .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my pocket .
tr	PRES	He never plays with the other children and has trouble talking .
tr	PAST	John selected a clear marble from the small collection he always kept in his shirt pocket .
tr	PAST	For a few moments I crouched beside his inert body , pleading wildly with his to come back to me , crying out to his almost insanely .
tr	PAST	Charles quickly dismissed her counsel with , " No exceptions ?
tr	PRES	The cop , well fake cop , states .
tr	PRES	" I want you inside me , " she begged .
tr	PRES	Her hair is fanned out all around her , a riot of golden tendrils coiling around flower stems .
tr	PRES	" I can 't believe I found you , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	" Is Joey there ? "
tr	PRES	It stands to reason .
tr	PRES	" My part in this system sort of helps me deliver messages to the king by being able to tell almost everything .
tr	PAST	This created an outcry and they wanted the Observer Program to fix this problem .
tr	PAST	Immediately , the coin zipped back downward and hit her in the back .
tr	PAST	I stole a quick look at Riley .
tr	PRES	Victoria reaches a room with blue walls .
tr	PRES	It stank and the music was awful .
tr	PRES	Sometimes it pays to take a deep look inside even if you get queasy gazing into those dark corners .
tr	PAST	Jessie chimed in , " She did -- she even jumped higher than Coach Simmons ! "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I add , lowering my head .
tr	PRES	And he opens his mouth to say something else , but we are interrupted by flashing lights .
tr	PAST	" What kind of - " " I demand a retraction , " he stated without letting her finish .
tr	PRES	" Jesus , Doug , " he said , " you probably screwed your leg up for nothing . "
tr	PRES	I mean , it just misses Eddie 's head . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , but -- " " Five minutes .
tr	PAST	I yell at him while struggling to pull my arm free from his hold .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me how much I sound like Lucy right now .
tr	PAST	He tipped it over and a finger rolled out on to the desk .
tr	PAST	Feeling a little bolder , I pinched his nipple again , twisting it slightly , and he shuddered .
tr	PAST	Shane collapsed to the floor , moaning , and tried to get up .
tr	PAST	" We created a weapon that would cripple our own power supply ?
tr	PRES	" He tries , but he doesn 't know how . "
tr	PRES	" Go ahead , " he states .
tr	PRES	I gulp as his fingers curl around mine .
tr	PRES	" Surely this sort of a crime deserves nothing less than - " " I shall decide what it deserves , Mantra . "
tr	PAST	I downed the remaining drop of Brandy .
tr	PRES	You ruined my dress ! "
tr	PAST	He sensed my hesitation and spoke .
tr	PRES	" I bet he did , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	She slowed and approached the rim carefully .
tr	PRES	He misses you too .
tr	PRES	" Well ... " I lean forward , pressing myself against him .
tr	PAST	That matched what had taken place .
tr	PRES	His lips crash down on mine and the world disappears .
tr	PAST	Monica droned on while Anya studied the document in front of her .
tr	PRES	Prewitt chuckles , " Ya smell like vomit to me , doll ! "
tr	PAST	He sought to send us into the arms of the enemy .
tr	PRES	I race after him , and without even thinking , I throw myself on his back , wrapping my arms and legs around him .
tr	PRES	Titus Son of Vespasian , general , emperor ( 30 December 39 - 13 September 81 ) Roman Emperor from 79 to 81 .
tr	PRES	Says the woman , first looking at Ella , then at me .
tr	PRES	" In the sexy way . "
tr	PAST	I clutched my chest in surprise .
tr	PAST	She padded on bare feet toward Rachel 's room and stood right outside the door .
tr	PRES	" I have a wife , " he begs , as he scrambles backward on feet and hands .
tr	PRES	All the muscles in my body relax at once .
tr	PAST	Pearl unfolded her arms and waved them up and down in front of Grace .
tr	PAST	" Thank you , " I mumbled , glaring at my sister .
tr	PAST	She eyed him coldly .
tr	PAST	The unicorn healed him from the saloon without bothering to emerge .
tr	PAST	The branches of a wild raspberry bush screeched against the side of the car .
tr	PRES	Ryan returns , and I suppress my laughter .
tr	PAST	Kelsey unwound herself from James , and she and Spencer glanced at Aria and started whispering .
tr	PRES	" Not till we do the deed , bud .
tr	PAST	As he waited for the maids to draw his water , he reflected on his latest enterprise .
tr	PRES	I freeze , gaping at him .
tr	PAST	Lucius swiped his card in the small slot next to it and a little green light came on .
tr	PAST	Just then , Jenna bounced into the stables .
tr	PAST	Lina sensed Collin shift awkwardly where he stood .
tr	PRES	When the meat is done , he offers me a leg and we sit on the edge of his wagon to eat .
tr	PRES	My husband likes to play poker with his old pals at this seedy dump of a night club once a week .
tr	PRES	What if he freezes you while you 're flying ? "
tr	PAST	Gene 's enthusiasm dimmed only slightly in the face of confusion .
tr	PAST	She floated several inches above the floor .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 4 Carolyn sensed by Billy 's grimace that she must have hit a raw nerve .
tr	PAST	Ice thanked him and hurried to make the call .
tr	PRES	Blood drips from her hand , down the sleeve of her coat .
tr	PRES	" He 's not worth all you 've gained , Mr. Chance .
tr	PRES	" What kind of damage ? "
tr	PAST	" Pick a day , Antonia , " Sal said , his hands resting on his hips as if he were preparing himself for a fight .
tr	PRES	Some men fuss when they 're worried .
tr	PRES	" Suzy Denton . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	I caressed his broad back , his shoulder , over the dark bruise beginning to show on his face .
tr	PAST	she announced , slinging a duffel bag almost as long as she was tall off her back .
tr	PAST	George sensed that she was lying and did not much like this new aspect of her personality .
tr	PAST	Brent hollered from behind us , ' I 'm starving . '
tr	PAST	The Delta team jokingly referred to that mission as " insertion behind enemy lines . "
tr	PAST	He replaced his finger with his lips and lightly brushed a kiss onto my mouth .
tr	PRES	Way to go , bro .
tr	PRES	Davis likes her a lot and listens to her .
tr	PAST	When she looked toward the wrought-iron gate , she clutched her Yellow Jewel as if it might protect her .
tr	PRES	" Not now , Kayla , " Monarch whispers .
tr	PAST	Dugin stormed into his office impatiently , closed the door tightly behind Ruslan and turned the record player on .
tr	PAST	He clutched his old straw hat with both hands at his waist , and he was so ashamed that he just looked at the ground .
tr	PRES	she demanded , pul ing herself out of the river .
tr	PAST	In fact , I willed myself to drop faster , and yes !
tr	PAST	He soaked his fingers in a bowl of soft soap , and rubbed them together as it dawned on him how pleasant the gooey mess felt .
tr	PAST	The steam from his favorite coffee mug mingled with his breath to form a white cloud that rose up in sharp contrast against the clear blue sky .
tr	PAST	Emelia flung the fresh sheet over the bed and dove under it .
tr	PRES	Gabe 's voice carries to my sensitive ears .
tr	PAST	The creep drugged me !
tr	PRES	She throws me onto it and I grin at her as she straddles my hips , effectively pinning me against it .
tr	PRES	Chapter Six The looming building that housed the EOD rose before Cassidy .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sorry I couldn 't be what you wanted me to be , " I sobbed and hugged the letter to my chest .
tr	PAST	I feared you would be left alone inside that wall .
tr	PAST	She squealed with mirth , trying in vain to free herself .
tr	PRES	The grass splits apart and the dirt rises .
tr	PAST	Her words triggered a mix of emotions .
tr	PAST	She flung her paperback and went for his neck .
tr	PAST	After only a moment , the other creature waddled up beside Cuddles , took hold of Cliff 's left leg , and began to rotate its teeth .
tr	PRES	He definitely likes me too .
tr	PAST	Their eyes reflected the dancing light of the candle in the middle of them .
tr	PAST	In complete silence the skimmer glided toward her .
tr	PAST	Ray emailed Horton several photos of just himself and Horton .
tr	PRES	I swivel back toward the ministers .
tr	PRES	She winks over at me .
tr	PAST	I tuned in to the local radio station as I left the interstate .
tr	PRES	" No , Father , don 't - please - " Violetta begs , then tugs at his arm .
tr	PRES	She wears a new dress every evening , yet she 's always herself .
tr	PAST	He reversed the video for hours and never saw his brother enter .
tr	PAST	" God divided the Earth from the Sea with His Word .
tr	PAST	Angie 's hand froze in midair , a pair of knives hung suspended above the table .
tr	PRES	" He deserves to die now ! "
tr	PAST	Then , raising his hand to his forehead , he saluted them .
tr	PRES	The girl 's awake , Bodie , he announces .
tr	PRES	It holds on and more of the face forms .
tr	PRES	He likes you . "
tr	PRES	" No punch for me ! "
tr	PAST	She referred to him as " it . "
tr	PAST	" Because I could not bear to see my brother wed to you when he loved another . "
tr	PAST	She inches closer to me on the sofa .
tr	PAST	Monty tipped his head toward the door .
tr	PAST	I uttered the words without thinking and blushed .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh knowing it will get us both in hot water if Sole turns .
tr	PRES	A round pillar pushes up behind us , a bed made of pearl , soft and brilliant , the exact location where our lives will change forever .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps , " he chuckles .
tr	PAST	He doubted whether he should tell her more or better leave it .
tr	PAST	Ashe stuffed hands in the pockets of his cargo shorts .
tr	PRES	She gazes out at the field with recollection on her face .
tr	PRES	" Okay , I ' l cal you when it 's time to come and get her . "
tr	PAST	Todd attempted to look around the room to avoid staring at Myra .
tr	PAST	The unidentified man assaulted the clerk , stole evidence , then fled . "
tr	PAST	The moment he kicked his feet to the ground , I whipped off the helmet and tapped him on the back with it .
tr	PRES	Eli stands and holds a hand out , " Dance with me ? "
tr	PRES	Except give her more drugs , numb the pain , provide some relief .
tr	PAST	His lips tickled her ear as he finally guided Willow out of the center of the floor towards the edge .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	Jake , this is my niece , Raven .
tr	PAST	My pulse sped , and I pulled in even breaths , trying to calm myself and the panic that had built up in my nerves .
tr	PRES	" How about just tacos ?
tr	PAST	She doubted that Jim , the gallery owner , would actually sell her stuff , but her mother had insisted she bring everything she was working on .
tr	PRES	As I do , the Minister of Research glides out of his chair and takes a graceful pose .
tr	PRES	" Puppies tire easily . "
tr	PAST	Just then I plunged the dagger into his arm hearing him cry out .
tr	PRES	Now , he occasionally helps our corporate legal team . "
tr	PAST	I tipped my head to the right , feeling the muscles stretch and the bones crack .
tr	PAST	A white bag inflated around Kenneth 's feet .
tr	PAST	The first item regarded the selection of a town animal .
tr	PAST	The man 's cry ceased as her fingers , strong and white , unblemished and gentle , worked through his hair .
tr	PRES	Understanding fills his features .
tr	PAST	A couple of college kids smelling strongly of pot emerged from behind the curve .
tr	PRES	My stomach begins to plummet .
tr	PAST	Twisting him back by the arms , she jabbed her knee into his side .
tr	PRES	But on Halloween she likes to plant a few zombies in her audience just for fun , and let me tell you those monsters look real . "
tr	PAST	" Good night , Little Sister , " he stated , then rolled over and went to sleep .
tr	PAST	But he froze in confusion at what he saw below him .
tr	PAST	When Garrett finally released her , Hadley slapped him across the face and stormed into the restroom .
tr	PAST	" No , " Herr 'D on whispered , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	" It wasn 't that bad , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Huge walls of glass that were now held together only by the aluminum frames they rested in . "
tr	PAST	And he never lied , did he .
tr	PAST	The chain and platform hauled Jason and Rachel upward , accelerating alarmingly , clattering ever louder as the speed of the ascent increased .
tr	PRES	" My apologies for distracting you in such a manner .
tr	PRES	She pays me a percentage of her profits and I keep her out of trouble . "
tr	PAST	Ty cocked his head to one side .
tr	PRES	When a person dies , he stops thinking . "
tr	PAST	Morn cowered in fear , uncertain of how to respond next .
tr	PRES	' Clearly that 's not enough , ' I snap .
tr	PRES	He digs his knife in the dirt .
tr	PRES	Jacques , you threaten everything I have ever known about life .
tr	PAST	" A woman after my own heart , " Andrew joked .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes me in the way I like him ... or maybe it 's just my wishful thinking .
tr	PRES	The girl stops when she sees it , her mouth falling open .
tr	PRES	Miriam stops to stare ahead , craning her head in all directions .
tr	PAST	There 's no reason for me to be here , " she accused .
tr	PAST	He trotted back to them , the rifle still loosely clutched in his left hand .
tr	PRES	" Take it easy , Miss. .
tr	PRES	One spare room between both houses . '
tr	PRES	Jackie just as desperately tries to shrug me off when my hand at last latches onto and fiercely grips her shoulder .
tr	PRES	I gape at the hand enclosing my ankle .
tr	PAST	I stifled a yawn and watched her brew the espresso .
tr	PAST	Johnson reversed all of his crazy ideas , and the rest is history .
tr	PRES	She really likes you , Peyton .
tr	PAST	The councilmen scribbled on paper .
tr	PAST	The minute I had my shoes off , I padded down the stairs and stepped onto the grass .
tr	PRES	" My heart bleeds . "
tr	PAST	He bothered because without good , there would only be evil .
tr	PRES	The endless list of lies .
tr	PRES	" There will be no further discussion , " I add in a quieter tone before he can open his mouth .
tr	PRES	That choice falls to me , as executor . "
tr	PRES	He begins standing slowly .
tr	PAST	She eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	It represented so much .
tr	PRES	He tries to weave through traffic on the 405 Freeway .
tr	PRES	She winks and calls out a question that doubles as a song request .
tr	PAST	Chapter 25 Sarah awoke to waves of nausea , and she stumbled through the morning gloom to a pot in the corner of the room .
tr	PRES	" Oh , how awful ! "
tr	PRES	I lean to put my head on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Daddy loves you . "
tr	PAST	Her green eyes twinkled with her words .
tr	PAST	" You 're able to change the appearance of people , " stated Toby .
tr	PRES	" He blames himself . "
tr	PAST	" You quit loving me .
tr	PAST	The masculine voice dimly pierced her narrow focus .
tr	PRES	" Walter loves to walk on the Quad .
tr	PAST	He advanced on her until she backed up against the wall of a building .
tr	PAST	The viscount proceeded to pour five tumblers of brandy .
tr	PAST	" That wasn 't a werewolf , " Ivy charged .
tr	PRES	" You don 't look as if you 've ever been happy , " she mumbled , her cheek resting on his back again .
tr	PAST	Mark followed her , his chin resting in the palm and eyed among the lights that blinded him .
tr	PRES	" You little ... " He winced in pain and wrapped his arm under his sister 's leg , tossing her on her back .
tr	PAST	I tugged on it again , baffled .
tr	PRES	" He loves you !
tr	PAST	As he passed outside , he again marveled at the sidewalks , a lightweight yet dense ceramic tile material of milky white hue .
tr	PRES	" This all brings me back to the reason for my sudden appearance here . "
tr	PRES	Arthur loves him . "
tr	PRES	My thoughts all twist and my body begins to feel cold and warm all at the same time .
tr	PRES	Jenny succeed make the little Laurence calm down by the time .
tr	PAST	" Mechanical stuff , " he stated .
tr	PRES	She deserves nothing less .
tr	PAST	He maneuvered himself behind her , his back up against the corner of the couch , one leg cocked against the couch 's back .
tr	PRES	By the time the light dies down , plunging the library into a predictable darkness , Serena folds the hardback closed , finished with the last page .
tr	PAST	Damien froze as he looked at her .
tr	PRES	If she turns blue or if she starts saying she sees dead people or some shit like that .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her necklace , admiring the mix of charms Brady had picked out for her .
tr	PRES	" Let me touch you , " she begged .
tr	PAST	We all served ourselves and once our plates were full of food , I cleared my throat .
tr	PAST	She giggled , perhaps taking me for an overeager groupie .
tr	PRES	" Oh no , ' tis lovely just as it is . "
tr	PRES	He glances up at me , his hair damp from the heat .
tr	PRES	Serena glances at Ronan .
tr	PAST	Jake floated around the space as if he was weightless , peaking into boxes and opening desk drawers .
tr	PAST	As if at last truly comprehending just how final a death Tristan had suffered , Simone regarded him with sad eyes .
tr	PAST	Violins strummed and the drums beat as if a locomotive were roaring through the night made up of sound .
tr	PRES	He holds up his finger .
tr	PRES	Facing Evan , he squares his shoulders and shakes out any sadness in his body .
tr	PRES	" You idiot girl !
tr	PRES	" Pork roast ? "
tr	PAST	Mum only panicked when there was no real reason to do so .
tr	PAST	" I preferred Carl Patterson myself .
tr	PRES	He glances in my direction and smiles , and I return the expression .
tr	PAST	" Very good , Commander , " approved Jiao .
tr	PRES	The flowers lifted around her , circling her , petals leading stems .
tr	PAST	So I quit working for him , and I started making weapons and sculptures on my own .
tr	PAST	He marveled that his stomach no longer hurt , not even a little .
tr	PRES	Where possible get quotes for cassette duplication too . '
tr	PAST	The blade reflected the amber Guardian magic humming all around .
tr	PRES	Desdemona presents herself as a messenger , or a mediator .
tr	PRES	" My mom likes you . "
tr	PRES	His nostrils flare and he blinks .
tr	PRES	He enters the room and his muscles ripple with his movements , causing heat to pool inside my stomach .
tr	PRES	Not only do you belong to your dad and his family , you belong to me and mine .
tr	PAST	With every suck , her body writhed in building pleasure .
tr	PAST	Another smile tipped her lips as she played with him some more .
tr	PAST	Worse , a sharp pain pierced his chest like a blade , twisting mercilessly until he staggered back from the bed to distance himself from his tormentor .
tr	PAST	" Fuck , " his chest rumbled with the curse .
tr	PAST	The door beeped and he held it open for Olivia .
tr	PAST	" I pretended to be death taking advantage of the fight . "
tr	PRES	" South Beach . "
tr	PRES	Our agreement states that the schedule may be subject to change . "
tr	PRES	" Just under this fold .
tr	PRES	Ha ha ha ha !
tr	PAST	He preferred to stay at a distance from mortals .
tr	PAST	He hooded and tied the guard , securing him to his chair .
tr	PAST	He dumped the blue sand into his mouth .
tr	PAST	Kennan smacked him upside the head and said , " You better not be enjoying the scenery bro . "
tr	PAST	Franco fiddled with his pen and remained silent .
tr	PAST	If you rushed them , you only delayed them .
tr	PRES	To atone for my cursed magic , I devote myself to the Inquisition all the days of my life .
tr	PRES	" The owner 's never home until after six , " she states , turning into a parking garage .
tr	PRES	* * * The market thinned out a couple blocks down .
tr	PAST	I joked and Marcus smiled .
tr	PRES	It lets a person in one city contact another person with relative ease .
tr	PRES	" The redheaded chick from the cafeteria ? "
tr	PRES	Chapter 19 Clutching the envelope to my chest , I headed for the hotel club , thankful for the fact that it was in walking distance .
tr	PRES	His mother helps my parents at the bakery .
tr	PRES	" Very promising . "
tr	PRES	Sunset had come and gone , the entire day fading away .
tr	PAST	He tugged her away , but only the barest of inches so he could look down into her eyes .
tr	PAST	" I received something by courier this morning that requires an explanation . "
tr	PRES	I think about the adoration Harley showers on Kayleigh , the way Kayleigh 's mouth twitches whenever he tries to snatch her hand in his .
tr	PAST	History unfolded before her eyes as she watched a Highland clan prepare for attack .
tr	PRES	A beautiful landmark stands at the heart of Pendragon in memory of young woman , Iris .
tr	PAST	The ugly , yellow hound inched forward until he paused in front of her .
tr	PRES	" The swamp coolers ?
tr	PRES	She glances at her reflection one more time , considering the dress from every angle .
tr	PAST	" Kinda cliché , don 't you think ? "
tr	PAST	Unsure whether she 'd been complimented or disparaged she fiddled with her hair and pulled at her dress wondering what could be wrong .
tr	PRES	Another slice , and then the arrowhead was loose .
tr	PAST	The special rope proved to be a remarkable device .
tr	PRES	My fingers itched to reach out and touch him while my stomach did flips worthy of the Olympics .
tr	PAST	As soon as I touched it , colorless images exploded across my mind .
tr	PRES	I totally freaked out .
tr	PRES	" Not on your life , dragon ! "
tr	PRES	" Thanks for that , Chloe .
tr	PRES	" Sure , yeah , undercover . "
tr	PRES	I yell , exhilarated .
tr	PAST	That shattered my little fantasy .
tr	PAST	Larry grunted his agreement and I said nothing .
tr	PAST	From a different call box he dialed a number in Belfast .
tr	PRES	And holds until I grow fidgety and uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	He senses someone has approached him and stops his slow shuffling walk .
tr	PRES	" Just a little piece of knowledge , protection in case Melissa tries to touch you .
tr	PAST	She inhaled sharply when she felt Isha join her .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me and I look away .
tr	PAST	He floated slowly as he drew even with Kendra , and finally stopped , hovering in the center of the room .
tr	PRES	" But therein lies the problem . "
tr	PAST	There , a black bear , rising above me with claws outstretched .
tr	PRES	And keeping an eye on the river north of the town . "
tr	PAST	It snaked through the lower registers of the beautiful instrument and produced the strangest effect .
tr	PAST	His brain chimed like a thumbed guitar string ; slices of golden light shimmered as he tried to focus .
tr	PRES	" You did a fine job , " Cole comments , making a turn onto the freeway .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps the key lies with some other discipline . "
tr	PAST	As he took a breath , he sensed someone watching him , a prickling warning .
tr	PAST	Not personally , but - " The sympathy on his face deepened .
tr	PRES	Then he points in the direction of Paradise Village .
tr	PRES	The lightly carbonated slushy tickles my throat as it slides down .
tr	PRES	She deserves for everyone to hear what she 's really like , especially Noah ! "
tr	PAST	And both of them saluted their parents with the same gesture .
tr	PAST	Bowen cocked his head at her .
tr	PAST	Placing intravenous shunts in his external iliac artery and vein required minor laser surgery .
tr	PAST	Muted sunlight bounced from the light blue fabric of his shirt and sent a wave of shine through his hair .
tr	PRES	Decisions stem from that . "
tr	PAST	Over the fol owing week , Seth lingered around campus , showing up in the rec room , the cafeteria , and the training room .
tr	PAST	He charged and punched Alton in the gut , making him keel over .
tr	PRES	" Whoa , put something on the door would ' ya , " I teased .
tr	PRES	This whole mess with the police affects me and the baby . "
tr	PAST	You handled yourselves like true agents .
tr	PAST	He lingered , moistening her lips with his tongue and arousing her with the simplest touch .
tr	PRES	" Tell me about it , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	I collected my stuff and stomped into the bathroom , closing the door loudly and locking it .
tr	PAST	She scooted toward the door , clasping the spatula .
tr	PRES	he asked , his unemotional self .
tr	PAST	Within a hair 's breadth of the sword reaching his personal space , Simon urged his mount to lunge .
tr	PRES	An elderly lady flashes me a strange look .
tr	PRES	Mother holds it up to herself and grins wildly .
tr	PAST	Her right fist was covered in blood , her face spattered in it .
tr	PRES	" Typical Christmas Eve chaos , you know , everybody running in different directions .
tr	PAST	A man likes what he likes , " she stated firmly .
tr	PRES	" Did the serfs describe it as shaggy and very tall ? "
tr	PAST	They exclaimed and we all hugged each other .
tr	PAST	" I bet I know who you 're working for , " I announced gleefully .
tr	PAST	He stomped on the brake and the car stopped abruptly .
tr	PAST	For tense minutes , she convulsed from bone-chilling yet fevered spasms so intense that she knew she was dying .
tr	PRES	Most newcomers bide their time .
tr	PRES	Keeping my truck on the road consumes me .
tr	PRES	I whirl around with my fist already balled , throwing all my weight into the swing with my arm .
tr	PRES	Which is the only reason I care enough to make sure he sees the doctor . "
tr	PRES	It remains unclear whether the East Coast and West Coast groups both entered the same alternate world , or two different but similar worlds .
tr	PRES	" He 's going to be okay , " the lab tech standing next to me mutters in reassurance .
tr	PAST	Three downed guards littered the floor of the corridor .
tr	PAST	Megan 's giggle transformed into an outright laugh , loud and uncontrolled , and she listed to the side as she clutched her stomach .
tr	PRES	He holds charity events every year for children with autism . "
tr	PAST	He was facedown in bed , one arm extended above his head and the other hanging off the side of the mattress .
tr	PRES	" You ok Chet ? "
tr	PRES	" Ugh , fine , ok . "
tr	PAST	But a kiss to the hand , at least , proved not to be horrible at all .
tr	PRES	A memory pops into my head .
tr	PAST	Doc 's voice stomped all over my peace of mind .
tr	PAST	" They become Buddhists , apparently , " Ruth joked .
tr	PAST	A few fluffy , white clouds floated by .
tr	PRES	" Speak to you soon , Zane . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm positive , " it speeds from me .
tr	PAST	No Mongol would have dared a skirmish then .
tr	PRES	" Our second harvest .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , his eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	Gripping the hilt of his sword tightly he gritted his teeth and stood straight , directing those deep eyes sternly at his audience .
tr	PAST	Fred relayed his findings .
tr	PAST	Tara thanked Gerald and went back inside .
tr	PRES	He enters the small building , silently taking in the room .
tr	PAST	An owl hooted somewhere close by , and the crickets chirped on undisturbed ; the events of the night meant nothing to them .
tr	PRES	What brings you by ? "
tr	PRES	I slap my forehead .
tr	PAST	She crouched down and grabbed him by the forehead as she tipped over backward .
tr	PAST	- After he had introduced himself and the topics for the conference , Jon Perry motioned for the next person to come up .
tr	PAST	The computer handled the actual particulate transmission - billions of pieces of information .
tr	PRES	" ... illegal to kill another Tempest ... " " What was that about ? "
tr	PAST	" You secured our business arraignment with the Liberians , Warren .
tr	PRES	Now that I 've proven myself to the resistance , my opinion carries weight .
tr	PRES	The sound of popcorn popping rattles my nerves .
tr	PAST	A small LED glowed .
tr	PAST	James propped his head in his hand .
tr	PAST	I stew over my annoyance for hours , until my mind is eventually drawn back to the attack .
tr	PAST	I tipped my neck back , glowering at the water stains on the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" We 're in love , " she mumbled , as if on autopilot .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the hospital shortly after leaving the field and we find everyone in the waiting room .
tr	PRES	" Stupid idiot . "
tr	PAST	Do you want to ... " He faltered .
tr	PRES	" Leaving you does not suit me , mon amour . "
tr	PRES	That right belongs to Him alone . "
tr	PRES	Therein lies my quandary .
tr	PAST	She exited the store and walked across the parking lot toward Ethan 's car , her shadow flickering across the asphalt at her feet .
tr	PAST	Gabriel created a pocket of space for us by a column .
tr	PAST	He suckled the wound at my neck .
tr	PAST	Then she fled down the path back the way they had come , to her parents and the world .
tr	PRES	" No , because of common decency , Courtney , " I sneer .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the cap and held the bottle for her to sip .
tr	PRES	" I thought we hated each other , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Sean pushes into me slowly and then pulls nearly all the way out .
tr	PAST	He clutched onto the edge of the desk , digging his nails into the wood .
tr	PAST	She wriggled out of my grip a little to turn around and face me .
tr	PRES	The disheveled detectives charged into the hall , ignoring the uniformed officer unconscious on the floor , just in time to see the elevator doors snap shut .
tr	PAST	A cat screeched and scurried off over the rooftops .
tr	PRES	[ 16 ] ' We ought to put a cap on it , ' mumbled IIb .
tr	PAST	" Looks like an old fur coat , " one of the men joked .
tr	PAST	His jaw was set , his hands fisted .
tr	PAST	Her fingers grappled for purchase , one digit breaking in the effort .
tr	PAST	The baby 's wails tugged at Dianna 's heartstrings and she held out her hands .
tr	PAST	He flicked his tongue over his lower lip .
tr	PRES	' Too bad , " He murmurs , " because I 've been thinking of this all day . "
tr	PAST	Knowing I wouldn 't succeed but doing it anyway , I tensed for flight .
tr	PAST	It shattered and splintered , sending slithers of debris coursing through my veins , grating and fraying the sides .
tr	PRES	He deserves half of everything , and I would give the whole thing to have him and Marin and especially Kira back .
tr	PAST	Every limb on me froze .
tr	PAST	" We must not further upset her until after the baby , " Rose claimed .
tr	PRES	She considers me only slightly smarter than a pet rock .
tr	PAST	Scribner tugged on his brass buttoned vest and cleared his throat .
tr	PAST	Ezio squinted at it .
tr	PRES	What relaxes you ? "
tr	PRES	' Got a nail in it . ' '
tr	PRES	" Come one Lina , you can do it , open your eyes baby please , " Jaime begged from the side .
tr	PAST	Kate limped off across the yard .
tr	PAST	Them bastards just destroyed it all .
tr	PAST	This produced rich laughter from those that knew the tale , but a look of bewilderment on those who knew it not .
tr	PAST	I cleaned out the last of the food in the refrigerator and threw it in the garbage , the final task to end my life there .
tr	PAST	When her little body hurtled into his arms , he pretended to fall backwards with the impact as she giggled her delight .
tr	PAST	She dialed Julia 's number .
tr	PAST	She jolted up in bed , her eyes wide with terror as she began taking in her surroundings .
tr	PRES	" Help ... " Such desperation in that word .
tr	PRES	Beneath the meek exterior lies a mind the greatest warrior could only dream of possessing . "
tr	PRES	' We 're here , ' he states , simply .
tr	PAST	her daughter immediately inquired .
tr	PRES	Rose stands and returns the female officer 's warm smile .
tr	PAST	Carmela 's voice shrieked .
tr	PRES	" She hates him .
tr	PRES	Nels breathes above the low moan of the car .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her wild mane of hair .
tr	PRES	Hit him from the back before he gets me ! "
tr	PRES	" She trusts Will . "
tr	PAST	" We better get inside before we get frostbitten , " Tyler joked .
tr	PAST	He flicked me an impatient glance .
tr	PRES	Lance again releases a trumpet of victory , his red eyes fiercely insane .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his hand , feeling like a bloody fool .
tr	PAST	Phil inched toward the bar .
tr	PRES	My father wraps me into his strong arms .
tr	PRES	Little project my ... well , you know what I mean .
tr	PAST	His devil-may-care grin reappeared .
tr	PRES	" I had to , " I mutter shamefully .
tr	PAST	The giddy happiness shattered like a glass bubble , replaced by a wave of panic .
tr	PRES	" Fuck Jas , " Knox grits out .
tr	PRES	Death pays its visits .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight We were back in Ed 's car , heading to my place when he asked me , " OK .
tr	PRES	Bending his head , he begins to kiss and lick at my neck .
tr	PRES	I gasp and almost scramble away .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ?
tr	PAST	I cowered in the corner , my knees pressed against my chest .
tr	PAST	His mouth received attention from the whisky .
tr	PRES	" So , " Dad begins casually , like he 's asking me how my day was at school .
tr	PRES	' Charles Stanley ? '
tr	PRES	I gape at him .
tr	PRES	" Oh about that , " I add .
tr	PRES	I lean over and kiss her on the cheek .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me ? "
tr	PAST	I topped off Butch 's food and freshened up his water , then stood staring out the window above the kitchen sink for a moment .
tr	PRES	" Then Sam disappears ... then we see something really weird at his house , remember ?
tr	PRES	But what of the fortress itself ?
tr	PRES	So once again , the two snuck back into the tent they shared , slept for a couple of hours and then prepared for another day .
tr	PRES	" What about Faye ?
tr	PRES	Plus it helps you 're my girlfriend and I 'm so happy to be doing this with someone I am so crazy in love with . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I said , pul ing him into down the hal .
tr	PAST	Anne secured the baby naturally against her hip and held the little girl 's hand while she swayed .
tr	PRES	" She never talks about that , either . "
tr	PRES	She strokes his arm gently .
tr	PAST	She sensed his uneasiness , but couldn 't figure out the cause of it .
tr	PRES	Yasmine stands as if eager to take on the challenge , cocking her fist back .
tr	PAST	She writhed in Damien 's arms , arching back against him .
tr	PAST	" They were in the box , " Luther lied .
tr	PRES	His eyes softened , compassion shone from them .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my waist .
tr	PAST	I created these traitors .
tr	PRES	" Roger that , bro . "
tr	PAST	Eric giggled as if he was being naughty .
tr	PAST	His tongue replaced his lips , sliding just inside and sending a shiver up my spine .
tr	PRES	I just chalked the weird habit up to one of many idiosyncrasies he had .
tr	PRES	My heartbeat slows a bit and the tears ease up .
tr	PAST	I filled her in on what I 'd learned the day I visited her mom .
tr	PRES	" When going slow means everyone sees you ? "
tr	PRES	Chapter Fifteen The sun was hanging low in the sky , casting harsh glares on everyone in the car .
tr	PRES	" I assume it implies a sharing of responsibilities and tasks . "
tr	PRES	" Speaking of which , Abby wishes to drag you to the nearest mall to indulge in some female bonding . "
tr	PAST	Muscles in my arms and legs tensed , willing Aimee to appear .
tr	PAST	Tavi stripped , though much more self-consciously than his friend .
tr	PRES	We need something to even the field and this could be it , " Aria states .
tr	PRES	All she could think to say was , ' War changes so much . '
tr	PAST	Her neck tensed with the effort to get those last few words out .
tr	PAST	He jabbed the tire iron at her , under his shirt .
tr	PRES	Then he begged me .
tr	PRES	Blood streams freely , driving them to greater excitement .
tr	PAST	The older vampire regarded Viper as if he feared he had lost his mind .
tr	PRES	Like one time when Jax decided that he wanted to subway surf . "
tr	PAST	" Just the one minute required . "
tr	PRES	I decorate Christmas trees for businesses .
tr	PRES	' They flow down its side in great rivers , until eventually they run their course and flow out into the vast sea of broken dreams . '
tr	PRES	I mean , I assume you don 't have some specific tie to this dude that makes your presence essential ? "
tr	PAST	The voices emerged like corpses from a graveyard in the stories of Necromancers .
tr	PRES	He climbs out of his bed , the chill wrapping its fingers around his bare back .
tr	PRES	" That explains the massive headache -- it 's like someone hit me over the head with a baseball bat . "
tr	PAST	" The scenario I just outlined for you .
tr	PRES	Says my father , trying to comfort her .
tr	PRES	And if that forces her into peace talks ... " I let him draw his own conclusions .
tr	PAST	Edward adjusted the sensitivity .
tr	PAST	He doubted even the sinking of the ship could have pulled him away .
tr	PAST	She slapped the desk with such force the pencil holder bounced .
tr	PAST	She revealed another card .
tr	PAST	" Now we 're ready , " she announced .
tr	PRES	He slams the door , leaving me with my jaw hanging to my knees .
tr	PAST	After he 'd drugged her .
tr	PAST	After a short trip in the elevator , the nurse wheels me down a short hall and through automatic doors .
tr	PRES	From the sweet : Kellan loves me , Kellan Forever , future Mrs. Kyle ... to the not so sweet .
tr	PRES	She throws cool water on her face .
tr	PRES	" The Shadow ! "
tr	PAST	It shudders again and then slows .
tr	PRES	The breeze carries us northeast .
tr	PAST	I cocked my eyebrow .
tr	PAST	" That 's not a room I 've heard you brag about before , " Blake countered .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to one side .
tr	PAST	" I 'm a mechanic , " Gray then revealed .
tr	PRES	BK immediately bounds into the passenger seat , excited to get going .
tr	PAST	Under a cloudy sky without rain , the students chattered in anticipation like this was rare .
tr	PAST	I unfolded it with my fingers and read Murphy 's printing : Quebec Nationale , Inc , owner .
tr	PRES	Yes , right now , you embarrass us . "
tr	PAST	His ornately carved white wood chair wasn 't quite a throne , but it would do .
tr	PAST	With each passing day , the mystery surrounding the man deepened .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand for me to sit , and I gave him my nicest smile .
tr	PRES	" Well hello , Mr. Blythe .
tr	PAST	Eric received her final rebuke .
tr	PAST	American gangsters stole the design . "
tr	PAST	A sense of peace stole over him as the energy from the plants and trees resonated with him .
tr	PRES	" No lies between us . "
tr	PRES	' Maybe they sell 'em ? '
tr	PRES	She deserves a man who wants her not the mate the oracles foretold would be his queen . "
tr	PAST	Klaudia 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	" Oh ... well ... umm ... " Trinity stuttered , not knowing what to say .
tr	PAST	He thanked Kenny for believing and following .
tr	PAST	He inched his plate away and folded his hands .
tr	PAST	Others around it scooted away desperately .
tr	PAST	My lips split into a grin .
tr	PAST	The reports claimed Mallorca would experience record lows tonight .
tr	PAST	Its body smashing against the wall as it crumpled to the floor like a bag of rotted bones .
tr	PAST	I charged for the door .
tr	PAST	When I found the pamphlet proclaiming that my father created the plague that destroyed our city .
tr	PAST	" We have an exclusive interview with Jackson Reynard about his split from Candace Stile , " the host announced .
tr	PAST	The dog then plopped down on the floor right next to him .
tr	PRES	Two offered embraces , then quickly stepped back into line .
tr	PAST	He stares at me eyes , filled with contempt .
tr	PAST	Chapter Sixteen The Resistance Nate awoke to the sound of somebody tapping on his window with a coin .
tr	PRES	" Actually , I - " " It was a rhetorical question , Ham , " Breeze interrupted , rolling his eyes .
tr	PAST	Looking back , I marvel at the city below us .
tr	PAST	I bounced back when I ran into a girl the size thrice as me .
tr	PRES	Rebecca sees the smile of admiration on the Reverend 's lips before he can hide it .
tr	PRES	I absorb a heated lecture from him .
tr	PAST	The twin exhausts boomed healthily , and the back wheels briefly spat gravel .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his hand and leaned back .
tr	PRES	" That goddamn horse of yours .
tr	PAST	We crawled through the vent as quickly and quietly as we could .
tr	PAST	She squinted at the figure .
tr	PRES	The janitor has a terrible time finding enough remains to fill even one body bag .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 8 Daniel awoke on his second morning in America in the less than salubrious surroundings of room 405 in The Hotel on the Park .
tr	PAST	Once Eloise was breathing properly , the nurse cleaned her up and placed her in her mother 's arms .
tr	PRES	The words swim around the page as I try to focus on them more closely .
tr	PRES	His voice was so low she only heard him because he was still crouched behind her , fingers grazing the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	The Caesar regarded her newer Cyclops body .
tr	PRES	Why did you confess ?
tr	PAST	Then her face crumpled and the tears spilled onto her cheeks .
tr	PRES	Even though the words were not meant maliciously , they stung .
tr	PAST	Tessa tensed , but the vampire 's teeth seemed absolutely normal ; no sign of sharpened incisors .
tr	PRES	" What a shame , " he sighs , taking a look around the apartment .
tr	PAST	A bright blue ball of light exploded next to the guard 's head .
tr	PAST	She quickly selected the option to ignore the call .
tr	PRES	He talks and you are enraptured .
tr	PRES	And then , ridiculously , " ... sorry . "
tr	PRES	Gabe throws me a pair of sad eyes but doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	" Is Uncle Zane coming , daddy ? "
tr	PAST	RYAN awoke , a frown turning his lips downward .
tr	PRES	He wraps one hand around mine and touches my hair with the other .
tr	PRES	Knowledge and fear , anger and , most strangely of all , compassion .
tr	PRES	He throws the empty box aimlessly into the corner , and picks up one of the black , padded vests .
tr	PAST	His body tensed over mine , his hands stopping right away .
tr	PRES	For my niece . "
tr	PRES	Says one of the other guys bugged at the situation .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand out and attempted a charming look .
tr	PRES	Serena returns the scowl , then looks at Kai 's legs , bare from the knee down .
tr	PRES	" She belongs to me .
tr	PAST	The subject preferred by the media , discussed in Net by billions of individuals .
tr	PRES	Pieces of her long , brown hair falls into her face as she helps me to my feet .
tr	PAST	I teased him about it and got a kick out of the blush that covered his face .
tr	PRES	" For calling you a creep . "
tr	PRES	' No one just loses fingers like that ! '
tr	PAST	Tucker quickly instructed Christopher on how to get everyone lowered through the vortex .
tr	PAST	Abby pretended to consider .
tr	PAST	Having him gently reassure her only served to confuse her .
tr	PRES	When it was over she closed her mouth and listened to her own cry echo through the hills .
tr	PRES	" Nice meeting you , Lauren . "
tr	PAST	" I never claimed to be anything other than a man .
tr	PAST	He froze and thought of what to say .
tr	PRES	" Ada , Ada ... " And then it happened : Melissa 's cold hand grasped her chin , and a wave of emotion cascaded through her .
tr	PRES	A single tear falls from her eyes and shines in the dim grey light .
tr	PRES	They crouch low upon the surface with him covering her , her belly presses into the slab , her face hides in his small chest .
tr	PRES	The door opens and an old couple step into the shop .
tr	PRES	" No one else even approaches him . "
tr	PRES	My fingers wove into his thick hair and I kissed the top of his head .
tr	PAST	Would he have dared do that ?
tr	PAST	When the intruder withdrew , Ryan eyed her intently .
tr	PRES	The sun shone onto his golden hair , and Daisy could see his skin was tanned and healthy .
tr	PAST	The events and characters described herein are imaginary and are not intended to refer to specific places or living persons .
tr	PAST	She hopped off the bed and picked up one of the shopping bags .
tr	PRES	As he walks in , his long black gown billowing around him , everyone in the room falls silent and stands .
tr	PAST	The sky brightened to gray , and I sucked in the air when the car flipped once more as it rolled down the embankment .
tr	PRES	I wiggle them , but the knots are tight .
tr	PRES	Ty chuckles and pats my thigh .
tr	PRES	Knell stands behind the clan watching them pat the red rock , smiling .
tr	PRES	My body tingles all over .
tr	PRES	Except , of course , I 'd never seen Home Depot sell anything so ornate and gilded .
tr	PRES	The blood inside me lurches .
tr	PRES	She winks over at Amelia , and now I wonder if we 're being played .
tr	PRES	We have couches ... " He looked around vaguely as if this weren 't his home , tossed a few into his mouth and crunched .
tr	PAST	Drusilla dared a peek from under her cowl .
tr	PRES	Every second business either sells fudge or sells ferry rides out to Mackinac Island .
tr	PRES	" Prince Mathew ? "
tr	PRES	Answer her , you idiot .
tr	PAST	She stares at herself forever and I can tell she 's about to cry .
tr	PAST	" Ask her , " Adam urged .
tr	PRES	So this guy approaches me and asks if I want to make some money .
tr	PRES	" Eventually they bound me up , tighter than before , and went on .
tr	PRES	" But one nevertheless .
tr	PRES	" The secret lies in the subjects ' genetics .
tr	PRES	He offers a hand so I do the same , and when he grabs it I warm instantly .
tr	PRES	Using his mouth , those slightly rough fingertips in caresses that were so gentle .
tr	PRES	Soldiers march up and down it , putting corpses on wagons pulled by horses .
tr	PRES	Amanda touches my arm .
tr	PAST	In the hall she flicked through the Yellow Pages .
tr	PAST	He could feel the way his stomach plunged and retracted , his heart split in half from the pressure .
tr	PAST	She hopped off the table and grabbed a lab coat draped over the back of the chair .
tr	PRES	The darkness creeps in .
tr	PRES	" In the alcove ! "
tr	PRES	My skin is burning everywhere he touches .
tr	PAST	A beat-up brown leather sofa and old wood furniture lent a comfortable charm to the rustic interior of the house .
tr	PRES	He loves me , and he 'll come . "
tr	PRES	I exhale then frown with fury at the annoying droid .
tr	PAST	At once , a mantle of grayish fog engulfed us at floor level .
tr	PAST	Once she was snoring , I dared get out of bed , pull on some clothes and leave the room .
tr	PAST	" And when Montrose made a nasty comment about you , she defended you .
tr	PAST	My original simulations predicted only a negligible chance of this occurring . "
tr	PRES	" A case of food poisoning . "
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	No doubt sensing the sudden heat in the air , she regarded him with wary eyes .
tr	PRES	Mark offers his hand .
tr	PRES	" No newsflash there , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Fearing a scene , he plays along ... for now .
tr	PAST	She seized Gary 's arm and bolted to the walkway .
tr	PRES	I slap Pox 's smile .
tr	PRES	She falls to her knees and climbs on top of an old cot against the wall .
tr	PAST	The Plague not only corrupted his body , but his mind too ; and not merely with the urgings of the Hunger .
tr	PRES	" Commander James wishes to extend good luck to you both , and regrets not being able to send you off personally . "
tr	PRES	Anthony explains to me that by candy , Ross means ammunition and weapons .
tr	PAST	Reality intruded as a cacophony of street sounds penetrated my dazed state .
tr	PRES	Frankie blinks then chuckles , " You just threw that in there , huh ?
tr	PAST	He swallowed hard then produced a smoother tone .
tr	PRES	" The Red Dawn approaches .
tr	PAST	How I lied about the mission , how I jeopardized everyone in pursuit of revenge .
tr	PAST	" I guess , " I mumbled , wanting to change the subject but not knowing how .
tr	PAST	Emma tugged at her skirt to even the hem .
tr	PRES	" God only knows what I have left to figure out , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Chuck cocked his head .
tr	PAST	" Because she feared for her own life ? "
tr	PRES	' They got away , ' ' WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY GOT AWAY ? '
tr	PRES	" I won 't hate you , Elijah .
tr	PAST	" Who stole your money ? "
tr	PRES	This anthology collects all three adventures -- At Harper 's Ferry , At Bull Run , and At Shiloh - at one low price .
tr	PRES	Eliza learns high rated English in a trade school .
tr	PRES	Something cold pushes violently back against my energy .
tr	PRES	He slides his phone into his pocket .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth as his lips moved against her knuckles .
tr	PRES	Nothing ever stops him .
tr	PRES	" Fire on those fucking towers NOW ! "
tr	PRES	" Our Luna Lulu doll . "
tr	PAST	He sensed rather than saw the two men behind him .
tr	PRES	He ticks them off on his fingers .
tr	PRES	But a need to taste her completely compelled him .
tr	PAST	Claire bounced to her feet , but Shane caught her shoulder and guided her back into the chair .
tr	PRES	" In your face , Holt ! "
tr	PAST	The feeling of disquiet lingered like the bad smell still permeating the room .
tr	PAST	He exited the car , fleet of foot and silent as a cat .
tr	PAST	As if he 'd just revealed something terribly important and terribly fragile , and he was waiting to see how she would respond .
tr	PRES	So just -- " I inched towards him beneath the covers and he came to meet me halfway .
tr	PAST	The pain in his voice soaked into her heart , nourishing the song there that had already begun , once more , to sing .
tr	PRES	" Somebody to love " by Queen fades up .
tr	PRES	The marble changes to a dull red color .
tr	PAST	The Lakers piled two points onto the scoreboard , and the game was even .
tr	PAST	They eyed the two youngsters with suspicion as they entered , and Daisy felt rather nervous , hoping they wouldn 't give them any trouble .
tr	PRES	" Ok , sweetheart , you 're going to be fine , ok .
tr	PRES	A pedestrian sees me , and I remember .
tr	PRES	The weight returns with a crushing blow to my head .
tr	PAST	Scarlett chased after Sean , diving for his head and dunking it underwater .
tr	PRES	Stop pushing me away , Aston , 'cause even though I should let it go I can 't .
tr	PAST	She hopped up into the Jeep and Roku drove over to the small , rocky mountain nearby .
tr	PRES	My body gains no nourishment from regular foods , though sometimes I do have a sweet tooth .
tr	PAST	Antonio , can you hear me ? "
tr	PRES	Cassie paces in front of me .
tr	PRES	The wedding march begins and my stomach flutters .
tr	PAST	She smacked him hard on the arm .
tr	PRES	" Whatever floats your boat . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , and I glowed at both the praise and the inclusion .
tr	PAST	My eyes roamed over those nice , hard abs and down to the waistband of his pants .
tr	PRES	She wears more lipstick , too .
tr	PAST	Lewis motioned to an antique floral couch and matching chair .
tr	PAST	When Daniel first asked me to write his biography , I balked .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , so was I. " His other hand slides across the counter and lands on top of mine .
tr	PRES	The old man from Naughton 's lets his customers go there to try out his guns .
tr	PAST	" You are mine , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	Furious , Charlotte slapped his face , inwardly cursing the material that prevented a satisfying sting .
tr	PRES	" All right , everyone , " Julia ordered , " plates rinsed and in the washer . "
tr	PAST	I inched forward , not quite sure where I was going with this .
tr	PRES	" Get out , Fletch , " I bark it out a little harsher than anticipated .
tr	PAST	He tensed in anticipation of the thought .
tr	PAST	Sarah 's body layered with ice .
tr	PAST	He absorbed the warrior 's words , trying to reason things out , failing .
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , man ? "
tr	PAST	I lied and said , " I have no idea what you 're talking about . "
tr	PAST	Grabbing her elbow in frustration , he steered her around a pack of drunken sailors swerving down the docks .
tr	PAST	The motorcycle screeched , swerving under the attack .
tr	PAST	Thunder boomed , shaking the palazzo .
tr	PRES	Eden grits his teeth and looks back at the screen monitoring his vitals .
tr	PAST	Peeling my eyes open , I adjusted to find a soft light coming from the slightly cracked door .
tr	PRES	I smack him on his ass .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	It lingered in the back of his mind and threatened to consume him without ever letting him wake .
tr	PAST	" She was in my small group , " Bryce volunteered .
tr	PAST	The Marshal eyed the Jedi Master carefully .
tr	PRES	She loves to give them away . "
tr	PRES	She whipped the stick up to the exact level of his hand , an inch from his palm .
tr	PAST	She propped herself up on her elbow and kissed him lightly .
tr	PAST	I smacked him across the head .
tr	PRES	" I know it has something to do with the Divergent , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	She caressed the words and thought she sensed the pulse of her audience ticking upward .
tr	PRES	He slides the stick along a piece of newspaper .
tr	PAST	He tensed , and his two friends swelled up behind him like angry bulls .
tr	PRES	Grace stands up hardly believing her eyes as she runs , squealing , to meet him .
tr	PRES	" On a spaceship ? "
tr	PRES	Rose talks more about Annie and the effects of the tragedy on our marriage .
tr	PRES	Brand stares out the window .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and turned to look at me .
tr	PRES	When Maude finished with the elements , she said , " Swear your vows . "
tr	PRES	" She likes vampires . "
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled in the distance ; it was supposed to rain later that afternoon .
tr	PRES	His tongue slides deeply into my mouth and our tongues briefly tangle before he pulls away .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , noticing my black eye and my red knuckles .
tr	PRES	Slipping into the chair next to her bed brings me within a few feet of her .
tr	PAST	My Master , of course , required sleep no more than he required food .
tr	PRES	She draws the curtain out and sticks her head out .
tr	PRES	But that dog absolutely terrifies me . "
tr	PRES	His hand slides down my ass and he rubs himself against me .
tr	PAST	Mark terminated the call and waited for his light to change .
tr	PRES	My girl likes doin ' that .
tr	PRES	" Very strange , " Gus mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Can I pet your dog ? "
tr	PAST	The girls flocked to the minibar , making use of their time to try out snacks while the program was on hold .
tr	PAST	Carol 's heart leaped to her throat .
tr	PAST	" The human leaders organized a lockout after Felix and his men threatened a culling . "
tr	PAST	Town Square also served as the main venue for gatherings and performances .
tr	PRES	At that moment , he pushes himself even more firmly against me .
tr	PRES	" A liar , and if you believe her , you are both an idiot and a traitor , Tris ! "
tr	PRES	Current whereabouts unknown . "
tr	PAST	Some nights she even fantasized that he 'd let her read the manuscript , which to her represented the ultimate gesture of trust .
tr	PAST	But she , like the others , feared him .
tr	PAST	It was then she pledge her loyalty to her .
tr	PRES	I hardly noticed and finished clipping the fresh chambers into place before raising the guns once more , my stride unbroken .
tr	PRES	" How about I put you out of your misery then , hmm ? "
tr	PRES	Hooker , you sexy . "
tr	PRES	Dobbs cracks his neck .
tr	PAST	Atop one of the rolling hills floated the local Elder Tree , red leaves sparkling in the wind .
tr	PRES	Ragnar pul ed Keita against him .
tr	PAST	It reminded me of those Chia pets they advertised around the holidays .
tr	PRES	And no one lays a hand on one of mine . "
tr	PAST	Altair eyed the man , not much liking what he saw .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't answer Skye elbowed him in the gut and Rose 's eyes widened .
tr	PAST	her voice pierced through the din of mingling civilians who fell silent , " It 's time to start moving .
tr	PRES	Found something in the pit near a twisted hunk of pipe - " " Show me , " Maximus interrupted .
tr	PRES	Her fingers fumble to my chest as she works to unbutton my shirt .
tr	PRES	When she feels my scrutiny , she discreetly flips me the bird .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes to the same emptiness of the tilted house with its half coat of white paint .
tr	PAST	He wept for days .
tr	PRES	" So , how about that vengeance ? "
tr	PRES	He frowns , growing angry .
tr	PRES	" Come in , " he said , his voice hoarse from prolonged silence .
tr	PAST	What a sad , sad fate , going from wandering with your herd to being stuffed and mounted in some rich man 's house .
tr	PRES	Driver sees his face , but it takes a moment for him to grasp who it is .
tr	PRES	She storms off , her hair flying behind her .
tr	PAST	But you risked my friend and four other people .
tr	PAST	Another article named him Most Valuable Player .
tr	PRES	A Madison does things like turn down the offer of a third of a multimillion-dollar company for the woman he loves .
tr	PAST	She attempted to tease him , wanting to find a way to salvage something of their time together .
tr	PRES	He stands and kicks out his legs .
tr	PRES	Stories of his greatness exist even today .
tr	PRES	Instead , he disappears .
tr	PRES	If you expect to stay alive , then get to cases , 'cause I haven 't learned much , yet . "
tr	PAST	He submitted to being at Yale , and told everyone that he was moving on with his life without you .
tr	PAST	Kiersten presses her lips together as she thinks about my question .
tr	PRES	A few of the gunslingers danced , but only a few .
tr	PAST	someone hollered from the trail .
tr	PRES	He tries to embrace the soldier , thankful for his rescue , but the soldier shoves him off , obviously incensed .
tr	PRES	He braced himself , raised his walking stick , and brought it back hard against his own shoulder and the thing that perched there .
tr	PRES	Arrogant , annoyingly strong , and stubborn as a damned mule .
tr	PAST	Theirs just cost a hell of a lot more .
tr	PRES	Sean stops next to Mel 's window and stands in front of me .
tr	PAST	" I received your warning .
tr	PRES	He stands up and starts walking away .
tr	PAST	He quickly described the situation that was unfolding at that moment in history .
tr	PAST	The early dawn emerged to succumb to the sun 's arrival .
tr	PRES	That I was trying to tempt him with fuzzy pajamas ?
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand and tugs me toward him , then very deliberately cups my hand over his package .
tr	PRES	I snuck in and detonated every explosive in this place , taking dozens of the bastards with me .
tr	PAST	Once through the gates they advanced up a cobblestone street overshadowed by tall , closely packed buildings .
tr	PRES	Heavy eyelids struggle to open and focus on the bedside clock to read the time .
tr	PAST	We trusted each other a little bit , but not enough to leave the nest to go and get food .
tr	PRES	Your father trusts you to make that kind of decision ? "
tr	PAST	" Your next appointment is here , " he announced .
tr	PAST	They matched the ruby dangling from the chain around her neck .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through her hand as they slammed into the wall and fell to the ground , scattering treasure .
tr	PAST	I attended for about a week before it was painfully obvious that I didn 't fit in . "
tr	PRES	Baldwin opens his eyes reluctantly and sighs similarly .
tr	PAST	" Chicago was a big city , " I defended .
tr	PAST	She emerged into a small square room with a ceiling video monitor , and faced the unmarked outer door of the Communications Control Room .
tr	PAST	He flung open the door and winced as he saw Sadie curled up in the corner of the room trembling .
tr	PAST	Sarah , in the meantime , meandered slowly home , observing all of the greenery , not eager to return to that which awaited her .
tr	PAST	Brielle stiffened as a voice she knew all too well assailed her ears from behind .
tr	PRES	The moment the kiss connects , my brain melts .
tr	PAST	She twirled , showing off combat boots I hadn 't seen since high school .
tr	PAST	Cole motioned to Gemma , who nodded .
tr	PRES	Desert Beach out . "
tr	PRES	It never ceases to amaze me the amount of strength in my girl .
tr	PRES	" But a sexy sucker . "
tr	PAST	That described him to a T lately .
tr	PRES	Zeke points to where I left Dominic in the middle of the dance floor .
tr	PAST	Duncan downed his shot of whiskey .
tr	PAST	Kyle thanked her , and shook his head to indicate Sophia shouldn 't ask what was wrong .
tr	PAST	She tugged but he wouldn 't let her go .
tr	PRES	Her senses numb and dulled , Rose giggles .
tr	PRES	" My attitude also tends to cause conflicts with the others of my order . "
tr	PAST	In that moment , a bounce of light , a flash from the lamp , reflected off the table and revealed the X1 's face .
tr	PRES	And then , another friend joins in , adding his or her own experience and ideas .
tr	PRES	Logan dives in with a deep ocean of kisses .
tr	PRES	Says Olivia , putting her hand to the doorknob of the first room .
tr	PRES	" He uses souls as his entertainment ? "
tr	PRES	" Ah , Herr 'D on ! "
tr	PRES	Almost before I can track the movement , she dives across the room and stabs him with the hypo from her pinky nail .
tr	PRES	Didn 't they teach you how to pass tools gently in nursing school ? "
tr	PAST	People hating him even as they basked in the safety he provided .
tr	PRES	A vehicle pulled to the curb ahead , its recognisable rumble pulling my sister closer .
tr	PAST	He froze , unable to comprehend the atrocity playing out feet from where he stood .
tr	PRES	The door to the observation deck noisily slides aside .
tr	PAST	Skiers expertly zigzagged down the face .
tr	PRES	So , no mind altering drugs .
tr	PAST	Then he commenced business .
tr	PAST	His mother screeched for him to get out of the way , but too late .
tr	PRES	A tree so ancient and gnarled that I suspected it outdated Zeus .
tr	PRES	Every contact reverberated with the snapping crackle of bones breaking .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me .
tr	PAST	She wielded Kincaid 's power as if it were her own .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head slightly to the right when he was amused .
tr	PRES	A faint breath , as Virgil says , reaches even the late generations .
tr	PRES	When my tender skin has toughened enough to withstand the pressure of sheets , more visitors arrive .
tr	PAST	One dull day after another , with occasional periods of boredom .
tr	PRES	I regroup , pulling out my scribbled list .
tr	PAST	Panic assailed her with the memory , quickly followed by her mind lurching into full awareness .
tr	PAST	He charged forward , raised her frail body , and turned to leave .
tr	PAST	The Manifesto of Roboto Fascism proved to be a quick read , though Winston pretended to concentrate on it much longer than was necessary .
tr	PRES	" You did this , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	She froze until he let her go .
tr	PRES	I assume my subroutines were satisfactory , as I have yet to hear complaints about any lingering effects of your comas . "
tr	PRES	I exhale then peek around the frame .
tr	PRES	Hope and concern shone on her face .
tr	PAST	Ainsley bounced out of the chair .
tr	PRES	" Well then this belongs to you . "
tr	PAST	The men quit their pursuit and ran back to the building .
tr	PRES	And reaches over and takes my hand .
tr	PAST	In fact he , himself , referred to it as a " farce " .
tr	PRES	Apparently , the room in which she sat stank , and so did she .
tr	PAST	Giles charged , rushing full force and with preternatural speed , going for the kill .
tr	PAST	Remembering our cover , Damien drapes an arm over my shoulder and pulls me close for a kiss .
tr	PAST	Nicole eyed him briefly , but his back was to her as he worked and she couldn 't see his expression .
tr	PRES	Almost longing for the clocks to return me to page one when I sat contented drinking my coffee .
tr	PAST	He holstered it anyway , as it was , in itself , a good weapon .
tr	PRES	I was too stunned to do anything but sit there , my hand limp in his .
tr	PAST	The trees are mostly orange , mirrored on the water , but at least they look wet , not dusty .
tr	PAST	I rotated to look at the mass of uniques following me around .
tr	PAST	I leaped across the toadstools , through the watching fey , who paid me no attention , and dropped beside her as she knelt in the grass .
tr	PAST	Cora 's heart sped up , but her breathing continued to be steady .
tr	PAST	She strapped me to a chair in the basement earlier today .
tr	PRES	She ticks her head when she says , together .
tr	PRES	" You missed the hero 's welcome , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Pumps vibrated quietly as they drained the thick rehydration fluid from his hermetically sealed sarcophagus .
tr	PRES	Andrew embraces me , rubbing my back gently .
tr	PAST	Rosie and David crawled under the sink .
tr	PRES	Making myself go over to him and sit on the edge of the bed , I lean down to kiss him on the cheek .
tr	PRES	" Turns out that First National stores two months of their security footage and dumps it to a remote server every night .
tr	PRES	" Holy fuck . "
tr	PAST	The chill in the night air swirled my words around in a white mist .
tr	PAST	" Poke fun if you must , " Master George countered , though he had a smile on his face .
tr	PRES	The sun rises and sets on that kid . "
tr	PAST	" You go to bed now , " her father urged kindly .
tr	PRES	" Is Aden now a vampire ? "
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Byrne ! "
tr	PRES	' Of course , Sire .
tr	PRES	Even so I creep towards the box , like it 's going to suddenly leap at me and snap my head off .
tr	PAST	I stuffed a much too large bite in my mouth just in case I was going to say something stupid in response to that touch .
tr	PRES	' Some signal ! '
tr	PAST	Nick and company exploded through the doors .
tr	PRES	" The palace ? "
tr	PRES	Several newspapers arrive promptly each morning , and they are always available in a corner of the chow hall known as the coffee room .
tr	PRES	Our child deserves a mother and a father .
tr	PAST	Riley schooled her expression and let the man convince her .
tr	PRES	For a moment she glances around the room as if to make sure we are alone and then she looks back at me .
tr	PRES	I value my privacy too much to invade someone else 's . "
tr	PRES	Otherwise the whole thing falls apart at the end .
tr	PAST	Eventually , she crawled from the bed and stumbled slowly to the elegant bathroom aboard The Owner .
tr	PAST	The other walls served Zac too .
tr	PRES	" Nobody else uses that weapon . "
tr	PRES	She points at the wall .
tr	PRES	" That 's Ashton 's dad , " Reagan whispers to me as I watch him reach out and extend his somewhat stiff arm to Ashton .
tr	PAST	He slowly tugged at the waistband of my skirt as if I 'd stop him .
tr	PRES	At last your honesty rises to the surface like fine rich cream !
tr	PAST	A second later , it beeped it again .
tr	PRES	' As captain . '
tr	PAST	" He cleaned my desk every day at the precinct . "
tr	PRES	His eyes flared even brighter as they latched onto the drops of blood glistening on her skin .
tr	PAST	He dumped his car in the fifteen minute parking .
tr	PAST	' Feel sick , ' he announced .
tr	PAST	My dad abandoned our family when I was just a baby .
tr	PRES	Brian chews his gum .
tr	PAST	The creature tensed , as if sensing what she was about to do as she lifted the sword over her head .
tr	PAST	" Let me go , " Della rumbled in a low voice .
tr	PAST	A generator provided the lights and necessary power for her computer .
tr	PRES	" How dramatic . "
tr	PAST	" Grandma - Granddad - " I 'm going to get a job and pay them back .
tr	PRES	" Holy shit , " Kenji breathes .
tr	PRES	Victor mumbled in an attempt to justify himself .
tr	PAST	When authorities got too close , he fled .
tr	PRES	Turns out they call it Battlefield Gorge for a reason . "
tr	PRES	Scrambling to avoid the onslaught of projectiles , Link suddenly remembers his nemesis using a similar tactic in the past .
tr	PRES	" Shh , it 'll be okay , sweetie . "
tr	PAST	Once that was done , she plopped down beside him in the water .
tr	PAST	This way he inched the wolf in close .
tr	PRES	He brings his forehead back to mine and our bodies reunite and fuse together like the last two pieces of a puzzle .
tr	PAST	When you placed that bracelet upon your wrist you triggered a succession of events which has culminated in what you have all experienced .
tr	PRES	' Well , hello big Toby .
tr	PAST	Her blood soaked him , too .
tr	PAST	Her hand snaked out and grabbed my throat .
tr	PAST	Memories of the last time Markman had visited here dared him to be fearful .
tr	PRES	She sighs and her truth whispers out .
tr	PAST	At that moment she panicked in a mix of horror and rage , and her training kicked in as she reacted out of reflex .
tr	PRES	Theresa glances back toward the park where the rest of the party is mingling .
tr	PAST	You volunteered to pick up the Orb .
tr	PAST	She zipped up the overall and picked up the belt , glaring at him through the glass as she strapped it on .
tr	PRES	' Not a chance , Pol . '
tr	PRES	" And , therefore , of the emperor . "
tr	PAST	The rest of the pack trusted me to be prepared .
tr	PAST	But hell , she appealed on so many levels .
tr	PAST	He slapped the comb on the side of the sink .
tr	PRES	I relax in a chair , my bare feet on the bed , and cannot help but relish where I am .
tr	PAST	Upon looking at Christian 's smile , she highly doubted it .
tr	PRES	Thus , no one remains the same for any two consecutive moments .
tr	PAST	The girl , in return , ceased to move .
tr	PAST	The Closet God waddled out of the kitchen .
tr	PAST	That she preferred Colin Baker over Tom Baker .
tr	PAST	" Mia Snow on her knees before me ?
tr	PAST	McClellan , Sr. fumed , and Pendleton paused for a moment to see if smoke would come out of his ears .
tr	PRES	Eddie sees the interest perk in me and she folds her paper up and puts it back in her pocket .
tr	PAST	He collapsed before even reaching half way .
tr	PRES	She folds her arms across her chest and shakes her head .
tr	PRES	Then he stands up , stretches , says good night , and climbs back down the trellis .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , as its door opened , a large cart emerged carrying a man tethered to a box by cables .
tr	PAST	I froze in her doorway trying to calm my traitor heart as I tuned in to her thoughts .
tr	PRES	She tries with tireless perseverance to shove me away , but I 've screwed my feet into the floor and become an impenetrable wall .
tr	PRES	It kills me to do it , but I wriggle out of Mason 's arms and make a break for the hallway .
tr	PAST	Astrid crouched in the shadow of the cliffs , picking the day 's lesson apart in her mind .
tr	PAST	Blue wagged his tail and barked .
tr	PRES	My mind sneaks another harrowing thought to me from under the radar .
tr	PRES	" This is the Kings highway , you jackass ! "
tr	PRES	I retort with a growl .
tr	PRES	Before I know it , the music fills me .
tr	PAST	Her legs kicked briefly , she seized hold of the other limb .
tr	PAST	Just the sight of him lessened her pain .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hands onto her hips .
tr	PAST	" Four , I need a reliable man to get over to the hospital emergency ward at the Hôtel Dieu with a radio , over . "
tr	PRES	Instead he plowed on .
tr	PAST	" He quit when he was attacked at the door by a pair who 'd managed to get an access code to the gate .
tr	PAST	Her mouth swirled heat over his pulse .
tr	PRES	A question pops into my head .
tr	PRES	Many in the coliseum bow their heads and many more have tears in their eyes .
tr	PAST	In the next second , those eyes caved in and his long thin body began the instant process of disintegration .
tr	PAST	He reversed direction and smoothed one side of my shirt back against my shoulder .
tr	PAST	She froze , and swallowed hard .
tr	PAST	He motioned for his team to come look .
tr	PRES	she mumbled through mock offense .
tr	PRES	" Wouldn 't you do something if you saw somebody robbing a bank ? "
tr	PRES	Starbucks mutters something about Jarvis .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a small object , and held it out to her .
tr	PRES	I relax a little .
tr	PAST	Their skin was brown and rotten , the flesh putrid and rank , filling the air with a thick and course stench .
tr	PAST	She caressed his thigh , his abs , fingernails scraping against his skin .
tr	PRES	It was empty , the bed still unmade from that morning .
tr	PRES	Temple hates them instinctively .
tr	PAST	Jude eyed her carefully , his muscles tensing .
tr	PAST	He retreated a step , but held on .
tr	PAST	My heart pounded crazy fast as my gaze bounced from Dr. Roth to Blake , who was sitting in a plastic chair .
tr	PRES	" No prints at all ?
tr	PAST	He stole a quick glance inside .
tr	PRES	Jase steps out , face expressionless .
tr	PAST	Then he emailed me that he was going to file the first of next month .
tr	PAST	Marcus regarded his brother-in-law carefully , noting the dark shadows under his eyes .
tr	PAST	" But she described him to a T. And this morning everyone in town is saying that you and Bubba are going to get back together .
tr	PAST	Desire coiled tightly inside Allie .
tr	PAST	I sneezed three times in quick succession .
tr	PAST	You just described every girl , ever . "
tr	PRES	He falls through space and wakes with a headache .
tr	PRES	" Let 's get laid tonight , bitches . "
tr	PRES	Usually , somewhere in the middle lies the truth . "
tr	PAST	" He just seized what he saw as an opportunity to frighten her .
tr	PRES	I parked in the building and walked across a large patio , the doors intimidating me into having another coffee in a café next door .
tr	PAST	He cringed and nodded , " Yes , basically . "
tr	PAST	She sensed Fallon heightening his own talent and wondered how the basement appeared to him .
tr	PAST	" An eye witness reported that you are responsible for the recent tagging across the city .
tr	PRES	" Bad pigs , " I clarify .
tr	PRES	Probably a psychic adaptation of the primitive hunting instincts in our earliest ancestors . "
tr	PAST	The barest edge of a shriek assaulted Cael 's head , blinding him to everything as the specter blurred in front of him and his vision grayed .
tr	PRES	The sound fills the yard and rolls out through the rain .
tr	PAST	" I 'd eat you in a second , " I giggled , running my hand down his chest to his pants and grabbing hold .
tr	PRES	Pain thumps me left and right .
tr	PAST	He suckled her until she whispered his name .
tr	PAST	A low hum vibrated the car .
tr	PRES	Too unlike any other naturally occurring virus .
tr	PAST	Not the tribe ; you destroyed them years ago . "
tr	PRES	Pierce lets out a loud groan from inside the alcove .
tr	PAST	When she left the parking lot she once again marveled over how the hustle and bustle intensified on Saturdays rather than dying down .
tr	PAST	He smoked and watched the moving water and felt , for the first time in ages , like a human being .
tr	PAST	Melissa hollered and grabbed a glass and a spoon and started the ball rolling .
tr	PAST	Neither choice appealed to her .
tr	PRES	" I belong by his side ! "
tr	PRES	He squares his shoulders and stretches out his hand .
tr	PAST	Cara 's scent , a new warm , musky fragrance , cocooned him in a sexual haze .
tr	PRES	" Don 't be so grumpy , " Laura teased while wagging her finger at Amy .
tr	PAST	It flamed into life , craving , crawling with the need to be touched , caressed .
tr	PAST	Another brain exploded and I laughed in exultation .
tr	PAST	Hank turned to Hawk , exclaimed , " That was surreal , positively surreal .
tr	PAST	I smacked into a tree and hit the ground on my hands and knees .
tr	PAST	Halina scoffed at Jack .
tr	PRES	" Say no more , " she begged in a whisper , her mind reeling .
tr	PAST	The wire nymph shuffled her feet , looking uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked his eyes .
tr	PAST	To Celine 's even greater surprise and relief she solved the mystery of the pool gate .
tr	PAST	Zoe inched nearer and read along with him .
tr	PRES	" So , where are we bound ? "
tr	PAST	Rows of white candles lent their mellow glow to the church .
tr	PRES	Alec 's eyes flit up to mine and I see the last little bit of his grip loosen .
tr	PAST	" Then you damn sure aren 't getting taken to his apartment , " Jason stated as he leaned back .
tr	PRES	Before she can respond , the door opens and Greg comes inside , then he sees us and he takes a wary step backwards .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " she urged , scraping at the dirt around the base of the door and heaving on it again .
tr	PRES	" Adelina , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	Before he sent it barreling over a hill and lit it on fire .
tr	PRES	" One chocolate . "
tr	PAST	Snakes coiled along twisted limbs , hiding among blossoms drenched in rain .
tr	PAST	They experienced none of those things .
tr	PAST	We skipped the elevator , instead taking the stairs half floors at a time .
tr	PAST	A twist to one direction and a fine mist spouted forth from the ends of the parasol 's ribs .
tr	PAST	I squinted up at him .
tr	PRES	Javi snaps back as he 's grabbing his books .
tr	PRES	I relax , and the minute my eyes close , I 'm gone .
tr	PAST	There was no scuffling amongst the recipients , they just divided the biscuits by breaking them into fractions .
tr	PRES	When I don 't take it , she glances down at it and back up to me in question .
tr	PAST	While she ate at the kitchen table , she adjusted her watch for the three-hour time difference between Boston and Phoenix , turning the hands back .
tr	PAST	" My Toad hopped off a long time ago . "
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around his waist and rests her head on his shoulder , while Cody places his arm around her .
tr	PRES	I punch William until his face is a wet pulp .
tr	PAST	Clouds of birds circled in the sky , while crows lined the trees and perched on icy wires and studied her passage in absolute silence .
tr	PRES	" Lou McDonald ? "
tr	PAST	The carcass split into pieces .
tr	PRES	Join , therefore , thy Will with mine , and let us put limits upon this new sea . '
tr	PAST	The receptionist provided the number and asked Kyle to hold a moment .
tr	PAST	She scooted until she sat in his lap , her legs looping around his waist .
tr	PRES	She folds her hands in front of her .
tr	PRES	He lets out a breath .
tr	PAST	His eyes retreated from hers and again focused on her slight hand in his .
tr	PRES	Stenger glares at him across the table .
tr	PRES	" The lighthouse ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted that the intruder had managed to break in .
tr	PAST	One day not long after , he was being chased when one of them tripped him and he flew face first into the water .
tr	PAST	After the breaking of the fast , work commenced on the mast repair .
tr	PAST	Heavy wooden benches created rows and the atmosphere was calm and reverent .
tr	PRES	The desire to plop into a recliner immediately upon hitting the front door , feet up , eyes closed , voice resting .
tr	PAST	Sam slapped him on the shoulder and then walked away to talk to Steele .
tr	PAST	Her eyes squinted then she nodded her head .
tr	PAST	So Aunt Tabby sneezed -- and when Aunt Tabby sneezes , she really goes for it .
tr	PAST	I attempted to detach the animal from my arm : it eventually relented and switched its grip to my jeans instead .
tr	PRES	A year and a half ago , the FBI arrested their suspect : a mentally unbalanced man named ... " Gillard Shutter ? "
tr	PAST	Only Congressman Smith lingered behind .
tr	PRES	" That man saw nothing , he witnessed nothing .
tr	PAST	Immediately , I inhaled a sharp breath and my vision clouded , as pain vibrated through my skull .
tr	PRES	I screwed up big time . "
tr	PRES	Carol misses her so much . '
tr	PRES	" It belongs to me and a few buddies .
tr	PRES	Dark , spiders , mice , muck .
tr	PAST	Her hands roamed over the muscle of his back .
tr	PAST	The smell of freshly popped corn , hot dogs , and pizza assaulted me .
tr	PAST	Gradually her movements ceased .
tr	PAST	They instructed the early druids , told them about demons , taught them how to fight .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me you little jack ass ! "
tr	PRES	Ella 's newly dyed hair shone .
tr	PRES	But he glances at me as he chews .
tr	PRES	So instead , she tries to scare you and make your life difficult . "
tr	PAST	Right behind the Butcher who had fallen into a pool of his own blood , a second charged , this time finding a victim of his own .
tr	PRES	Mason crushes me against his chest .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " I yawned , pulling myself to a sitting position from the more comfortable one I 'd had leaning against his shoulder .
tr	PAST	The lightning in his hair glowed purple as he bowed .
tr	PAST	It is probably like what the Apostle John and Ezekiel experienced in the Bible . "
tr	PAST	Sleep stole over her once more , and her head banged against the wall again .
tr	PRES	The spire of Evian shone under the woods that surrounded it and the range of mountain above mountain by which it was overhung .
tr	PAST	The absence of staff troubled him .
tr	PAST	He downed the pills with a stiff shot of whiskey .
tr	PAST	Another section of ceiling collapsed , but the route to the exit was clear .
tr	PRES	Then he lets out an untamed growl and deepens the kiss , thrusting his tongue deep into my mouth .
tr	PAST	The lines around Nile 's eyes tensed as he shook his head slowly and looked at the ground .
tr	PRES	You tempt me constantly , and it 's been a while since I last found any relief . "
tr	PRES	He follows the trickling sound , sniffs where it falls in fat droplets from above .
tr	PRES	Said Cloud sitting backwards on a chair his chin resting on its back .
tr	PRES	he whispered , his voice sounding strained .
tr	PAST	Nobody or nothing bothered us here . "
tr	PAST	A rage rivaled by only one other .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at her .
tr	PRES	' Trouble is if you leave it , the power fades . ' '
tr	PAST	Once behind the bumper , he crouched and peeked along the vehicle 's side .
tr	PRES	Then his eyes chilled .
tr	PRES	She wears a bright turquoise silk robe embroidered with exotic birds .
tr	PAST	But when he looked in the direction of the woods his eyes flicked over the landscape nervously , as though searching for something .
tr	PAST	He petted my hair .
tr	PAST	The light pouring from the hall behind her reflected off the flowing copper of her gown , framing her in a shimmering halo .
tr	PAST	A low sound emerged in the back of my throat .
tr	PRES	His tongue ring flicks my flesh again before he moves away from me , slips off his jeans , and puts a condom on .
tr	PRES	Kelly dreaded the early morning travel but never took the beauty of having nearly zero traffic for granted .
tr	PAST	They had all dove down to follow his body to the lake .
tr	PAST	As the car pulled into the driveway of the school , Taryn sped down and dropped Rachel at the side entrance .
tr	PRES	" Could he swim ? "
tr	PRES	" You know you love me , " Mary teased .
tr	PRES	The weight of her arm resting on his chest .
tr	PRES	That explains it . "
tr	PRES	" I am not a prude , " she mumbled to herself .
tr	PAST	He propped the body up in his arms , cradling it against the pounding rain like a child .
tr	PRES	Someone taps my shoulder , and I turn to find Vicki , that slutty chick from the burger joint .
tr	PRES	" What about you Warden ? "
tr	PRES	" You like to say that , lass .
tr	PRES	I shout over the music .
tr	PRES	She digs her nails into the arm , pulling them towards her in an attempt to free herself from capture .
tr	PRES	His finger twirls in the air .
tr	PAST	A school bus rumbled at the corner , letting kids off .
tr	PAST	The stranger identified himself as Howard and said , " Where doesn 't matter .
tr	PAST	Margo collapsed on the top step of the doorway in floods of tears .
tr	PAST	An ocean of despair washed over Dan , wave after wave of hopelessness and fear .
tr	PRES	He talks about starting the first hymn in the wrong key at Alice 's funeral .
tr	PRES	A Corona and a double vodka . '
tr	PAST	The mirror shattered on impact .
tr	PAST	His heart rumbled hard in his chest when those blue eyes full of questions and longing searched his .
tr	PAST	" It 's what they 'd do to us , " Mrs. Bethany rasped , her dark lips twisting in an unnatural smile .
tr	PAST	After a long walk past airport shops and through bustling crowds focused on reaching their next destinations , they finally exited the terminal .
tr	PRES	My joints crack with stiffness .
tr	PRES	They hint , however , that I will have the power to destroy it as well .
tr	PAST	Stryker 's laughter rumbled a moment before he sank his long teeth into her neck .
tr	PAST	Betty attempted to keep the conversation going .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you . "
tr	PAST	He 's watching me , his eyes hooded and mysterious , penetrating as always .
tr	PAST	His voice threaded through her mind , stealing her will , until all she wanted to do was please him .
tr	PRES	He strikes , using brute force to push through the Bug 's natural body armor .
tr	PAST	Beau palmed the wall carefully , as if to make to sure there was one there .
tr	PRES	Out of the blue , you discover religion , and it makes everything better again .
tr	PRES	He pushes a stick in my direction .
tr	PRES	Best dive to date . "
tr	PRES	" Now , that brings us to the next item on our agenda .
tr	PAST	She feared that their mission in La Salle was ending .
tr	PRES	I always sell out at the Farmer 's Market .
tr	PRES	We both roller blade and bike .
tr	PAST	He exited quickly with his men backing him up and us chasing him .
tr	PRES	How about You , now , eh ?
tr	PRES	Putting them into the livestock area , he climbs the stairs to the parapet walk to see if he can see where his mother is .
tr	PAST	She pinched herself over and over again hoping to wake up , praying that this was really a dream .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Nathaniel .
tr	PRES	This voice belongs to a woman , the one who brought the food to me .
tr	PAST	He sensed , behind the closed door , the presence of life , beyond that of the TV .
tr	PAST	He dove into his pocket and retrieved a piece of paper , and when I looked at it , I noticed it was an address .
tr	PAST	When dessert was over , I commenced with the second act .
tr	PRES	" Every time someone mentions his name they practically pee their pants . "
tr	PRES	He slowly draws one of his pistols out , not aiming at me , but carrying it to his side with his finger hovering on the trigger .
tr	PAST	I uttered a small growl of frustration and laid back on my pillow .
tr	PAST	She giggled again at his mock woe .
tr	PRES	" Sweetie , you just have to go over to your friend 's room and then you 'll be completely safe , ok .
tr	PAST	It swirled inside me , like dark ink spilled into water .
tr	PRES	Tack passes a hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	He crouched in its shallow coldness and drank .
tr	PRES	The wind stops rustling the grass .
tr	PRES	I smack a water bottle off the railing and lean where it used to be , and hang my head controlling my breathing .
tr	PAST	Once Parker was finished fixing Savannah 's hair and makeup she twirled her around to see .
tr	PAST	Heavy footsteps stomped behind them .
tr	PRES	Wes pushes my knees back to my hips as he lays his full weight over me .
tr	PRES	I shout at him , tears filling my eyes .
tr	PRES	' I don 't want to talk about it , ' he mutters uncomfortably .
tr	PAST	They 're right there , next to each other , " she motioned to a heap almost directly to her left .
tr	PAST	A sob hacked her chest .
tr	PAST	I replaced the lid and put it into my pocket .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted with the edge of my shirt .
tr	PRES	" Last of the White Knights . "
tr	PAST	Cassidy worried a bit about leaving Eric and Jace here alone with Reid , but , interestingly , Nell had volunteered to stay over and watch him .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , as she turned , her skirt bounced up slightly and a white , lace petticoat peaked out from underneath her black skirt .
tr	PRES	" You would think with a daughter and a baby on the way , you could at least act right in public , " I teased .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , how can I tell him I was dreaming of him while I was with someone else , especially if what he said is true ?
tr	PRES	People swarm in loosely woven crowds on the walk .
tr	PAST	" Ah , Jenny , perfect timing , " exclaimed Doctor Heisenberg .
tr	PAST	The onboard unit beeped to indicate incoming files .
tr	PAST	I nearly grunted under the weight .
tr	PAST	I trudged back to Angel and gave her the thumbs-up .
tr	PRES	" That 's Annabella , " I hiss , my limbs stiffening .
tr	PAST	The black sand fled from it , leaving us standing on a nothingness as deep and as limitless as that which surrounded us .
tr	PAST	She subsided , quivering .
tr	PRES	Jasper 's abilities affect the body physically .
tr	PRES	A woman stares off into the horizon .
tr	PAST	he clipped , not taking his hand from her arm .
tr	PRES	Her jaw twitches and she jumps out of bed .
tr	PRES	He loves corresponding with fans , so don 't hesitate to contact him if you have a question !
tr	PRES	The council murmurs uneasily , and I feel helpless .
tr	PRES	" He has already paid a great price , he owes nothing more for our help . "
tr	PAST	He clasped my hand in his , and his eyes had a playful glint in them .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , Verlaine wrung water out of her long hair and sighed .
tr	PAST	Jonas slapped Sebastian into the face .
tr	PRES	If something happens to you , command falls to me , and I am no soldier .
tr	PRES	Tears streak her face .
tr	PAST	She glided over to his side , and lifted a finger to push a stray lock of chestnut brown hair off his forehead .
tr	PAST	He froze for a moment .
tr	PRES	She already loves this town and the people .
tr	PAST	" Because I moved the car , man , " Bobby exclaimed .
tr	PRES	He stands six foot one and weighs 212 pounds .
tr	PAST	I plopped Op Nine 's bag on the bed , pulled out the semiautomatic , and dropped it into my pocket .
tr	PRES	" How dare you , wretch !
tr	PRES	Nobody likes hanging out with a PK , not even the students who receive glowing praise from the administration .
tr	PRES	Francesca sees me through the window .
tr	PAST	I swiped at the errant tear and squared my shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " she mutters .
tr	PAST	I squealed as I shoved him on his arm .
tr	PRES	" Everything 's going wrong , " he murmurs quietly .
tr	PRES	" When he 's not off fighting terrorists , pirates , and drug runners around the world . "
tr	PAST	Those of the Forest joked that Jason 's snoring was enough to scare away any and all creatures .
tr	PRES	" Everyone wants to think a guy likes her .
tr	PRES	" Ha , ha , ha .
tr	PRES	Comes by Earth on its way around the Sun once every seventy-five years or so . "
tr	PRES	Sleep and do not awaken , no matter what .
tr	PAST	" Blake and I hooked up . "
tr	PAST	The strategist side of his nature quickly calculated the odds against Clare walking in on not one but two dead bodies within six months .
tr	PRES	" Tell me , Adelina , " he begins .
tr	PAST	An odd smile curved her lips .
tr	PRES	" Why all the cloak and dagger ? "
tr	PRES	" Save yourself from destruction , you idiot .
tr	PRES	He holds a glass with amber liquid in it .
tr	PAST	Then without looking at me , he exited the bed .
tr	PAST	Downey bounced the coin on the desk a couple of times .
tr	PRES	" MJ , you 're my best mate and everything , but that 's my sister , ok ?
tr	PAST	He crawled onto the bed , propping the pillows and sitting behind me , his legs on either side of my h * ps under the covers .
tr	PAST	He slapped Rhyme on the back good-naturedly .
tr	PAST	Arthur 's fiery speech produced an effect .
tr	PRES	Lady Antebellum sings about it .
tr	PRES	" You selfish son of a bitch !
tr	PAST	Just simply press the buzzer , " stated the nurse as she walked towards the door with thermometer in hand .
tr	PAST	He sniffed his wet nose at her hands as Cassie giggled .
tr	PAST	I giggled because that was a funny thought , then stopped giggling because it might have been partly true .
tr	PAST	Motions clipped , Atlas tore his shirt over his head and tossed the material aside , revealing his chest , the ropes of his stomach .
tr	PAST	The light rail never slowed , but I knew he wouldn 't bother .
tr	PAST	Her personality perfectly reflected such finely poised shifts .
tr	PRES	It falls with a crash , echoing throughout the courtyard .
tr	PRES	' Died in childbirth . '
tr	PRES	" You can 't give up Gemma , " my father whispers .
tr	PRES	" What a smart-ass .
tr	PAST	" Calm down and don 't create a ruckus now , " Sameer advised , somewhat dismissive in his manner .
tr	PRES	I nod again and turn for the door , no more questions clogging my brain .
tr	PAST	His green eyes swirled with desire , confusion , fear .
tr	PRES	Du n no what it means ! "
tr	PRES	Honour lets out a cry and stares after the vehicle .
tr	PRES	" ' Tis not merely my skill , Herr 'D on .
tr	PRES	Of her stringing Gerald around , using him to get to an even bigger prey .
tr	PRES	She reaches across and grabs my hand .
tr	PRES	Even though I shake my head , she pins me with her eyes , suddenly avid and glittering with excitement .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to grab a hand full of Yeoman Peters ' ass .
tr	PAST	She pulled the chair closer to Brandon 's bed and took his hand , the one without IVs taped on top .
tr	PAST	Our last trade route collapsed a few suns ago .
tr	PRES	He frowns , wiping his hand down his face and rubbing his neck .
tr	PRES	" My office , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	His voice was deep and resonant , his words clipped by an Arabic accent and limited English .
tr	PAST	He extended it to me and I took it .
tr	PAST	The glow eventually dimmed , then faded completely .
tr	PAST	He clasped his case closed and Nick left with him .
tr	PRES	An L-shaped glossy white worktop runs along the left wall then curves to the right , extending as a breakfast counter .
tr	PRES	" Master Sole ? "
tr	PAST	The World 's Greatest Wrestler was flat on his back , arms and legs spread wide , his woman crouched over him , trying to wake him .
tr	PAST	The smell of marijuana lingered on his skin and clothes , the man 's eyes completely bloodshot .
tr	PRES	And when you go home , wash your hair ! "
tr	PAST	Love preferred to rely on BGF .
tr	PRES	Jack enters the club and pushes through the crowd .
tr	PRES	And if that isn 't enough , a new wave of ghouls stir on the horizon .
tr	PAST	A familiar sense of anger and betrayal washed over .
tr	PRES	She snorts another laugh .
tr	PAST	Accusations spewed hastily from her as she edged forward , as if cornering prey .
tr	PAST	' It could be , ' he countered .
tr	PRES	" Don 't cry , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	She squealed and swirled around .
tr	PRES	He passes the folder over to me .
tr	PRES	" You 're too fast , Princeton , " the rugged blond mutters , high-fiving Ashton .
tr	PRES	Gabe flinches like I 've pressed against an open sore , and now I know I 've made a mistake .
tr	PAST	The next area served as entrance to the rig .
tr	PAST	she scoffed , rolling her eyes heavenward .
tr	PAST	I charged down the hall toward the staircase , shielding my head with my arms .
tr	PAST	During the match , they cheered whenever he was on offense and they booed whenever Bret had the upper hand .
tr	PRES	I smack him on the shoulder as I move past him .
tr	PRES	' My god . '
tr	PAST	the king saluted , raising his sword to his new ally .
tr	PRES	" Papa likes to change it around sometimes . "
tr	PRES	' ' Ok . "
tr	PAST	Most preferred to work .
tr	PRES	" I certainly hope you 're going to say food , " Robin teased .
tr	PRES	Along the stem . "
tr	PRES	I estimate I can get 50 % higher yield by using these tactics .
tr	PAST	" As you can see , scrawled across it is ' You Will Die . '
tr	PAST	" You freaked me out , dude . "
tr	PAST	He caressed the sound as it carried across the room .
tr	PRES	" Her conviction . "
tr	PRES	She reached for the familiar balls , her fingertips gliding over the surfaces .
tr	PAST	His left arm snaked around her , pinning her arm to her side .
tr	PAST	I giggled as those hungry lips nuzzled my neck .
tr	PRES	" I have pins to anchor it in place .
tr	PAST	- And the room exploded in sinister laughter .
tr	PRES	Finally Auntie added , a bit sadly , " Yes , there is a stronger priestess than Rachel .
tr	PRES	It favors good by one whole person . "
tr	PAST	That thought jolted him out of the haze of desire fogging his mind .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha , very funny .
tr	PRES	" Napoleon loves that place .
tr	PRES	This culture pushes children into becoming physical adults way before their time , but nobody raises them to be metaphysical adults .
tr	PAST	I trusted Gansey , and he let me down .
tr	PAST	Instead , he smashed his knee brutally into the man 's temple , knocking him unconscious .
tr	PAST	He quit the pain pills so he could think and try to run the office by phone and e-mail .
tr	PRES	He ticks choices off on his fingers .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to warn me about spending too much money ? "
tr	PAST	I fisted him at the root , milking him with my hands and mouth , relishing the curses and moans that spilled from him .
tr	PAST	Max dumped his bag on the floor and sat down beside me .
tr	PAST	Then another sip , and everyone exhaled .
tr	PAST	If she couldn 't save herself , she prayed she could save him .
tr	PRES	It mattered not and their course was changed .
tr	PRES	Connie eventually points at my hands .
tr	PRES	" What if she tries to bite off my hand or something ? "
tr	PAST	He shuffled to my bedside , grabbed on to my hand , and patted it affectionately .
tr	PRES	No offense , but oh , no . "
tr	PAST	" Standby , 532 , " the dispatcher advised .
tr	PAST	The pup 's tail wagged in earnest .
tr	PRES	The realization of where he was caused him to snap awake .
tr	PAST	The universe exploded With its kiss .
tr	PRES	" Is this the rig -- " Before he could finish the question , he let out a cry and stumbled to the ground .
tr	PRES	Her Honor guard uses their hands , arms , and elbows clearing a path , when she stops in front of me .
tr	PAST	Trina and Alyssa scooted aside to make room for him .
tr	PRES	The smile immediately disappears , replaced with a worried frown .
tr	PRES	And become one of the Sea Folk as well . "
tr	PAST	His heart leaped again at the thought , and he tasted bile in his throat .
tr	PRES	Air hisses out as if it hasn 't been opened for a long , long time .
tr	PAST	Georgie propped the phone between her ear and shoulder , so she could type .
tr	PAST	" But no one can predict when the fall might occur , " The Red Hand Captain defended his position and the mercenary .
tr	PAST	" Also , a little violated , but that 's neither here nor there . "
tr	PAST	" The time machine the map leads to , " Alex revealed .
tr	PRES	Mr Birch likes girls like her -- naïve , untouched .
tr	PRES	Olaf lets go of my arm and kneels down in the grass , looking as if he is praying .
tr	PAST	Dennis rummaged through his various pockets , but the notebook he usually carried was absent , having been left in his overcoat the night before .
tr	PRES	A shadow of hurt passes over Six 's face , but it 's gone as soon as she looks away from me .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	I scribbled on the registration the basics of what had happened .
tr	PRES	It fits me like a glove .
tr	PRES	" And Isla ? "
tr	PAST	Karla 's lips curved in a wicked smile .
tr	PRES	Not a prediction or a personality chart .
tr	PAST	Kira gritted her teeth and tried again .
tr	PRES	Laney grimaces and points to my hair as well .
tr	PAST	Though she didn 't burn , perspiration soaked her as she felt the rays all the way to the marrow of her bones .
tr	PRES	Easy target , a thought whispers in my mind .
tr	PRES	Or he just likes to practice alone . "
tr	PRES	" Right on the nose , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	The self-driving ITS glided smoothly into its programmed location , a private airstrip in New Dallas .
tr	PRES	Tori loves gorgeous men . "
tr	PRES	Reeve looks over , his dark eyes inscrutable .
tr	PRES	" You are so beautiful , " he whispers , his breath hot on my ear .
tr	PRES	" Aye , aye , captain . "
tr	PRES	His father remains by his side now , neither speaking .
tr	PAST	She clutched at the edge of the table to stay upright .
tr	PAST	Aden massaged his temple .
tr	PAST	Brontes floated down the chamber , his blue flames occasionally leaping out to aid the remaining elves , hastening their job of finishing off the undead .
tr	PAST	Preacher Nelsen exclaimed walking into the room .
tr	PAST	I tensed and shouted , " Stop it ! "
tr	PAST	She regarded him for a long moment , her expression somber .
tr	PRES	" It binds the life forces of two entities together .
tr	PAST	He awaited the answer to his question respectfully .
tr	PAST	" But you had a nice suit on the other day , " Ashe stated the obvious .
tr	PAST	A split second after hitting the floor , the demon exploded in a cloud of ash .
tr	PRES	' The Ripper ' ? "
tr	PAST	In fact , I doubted if Samson and Delilah would ever return to Black Oak , Arkansas .
tr	PAST	He lied to him .
tr	PRES	In a general sort of way , most boys approve of that .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded in his nose and forehead .
tr	PRES	I dreaded to think what kind of preparation they would undergo in Arielle 's hands .
tr	PAST	Sawyer toyed with the delicate shell of her ear , and then his mouth closed over her earlobe again and gave a gentle tug .
tr	PAST	" But not as valuable , " I countered , a hurt I hadn 't known I carried causing me to say the next part .
tr	PAST	The highwayman collapsed then to the ground , his breath coming out in a slow and wet gurgle .
tr	PRES	He stares at the stars , one arm supporting his head , the other playing with my hair .
tr	PRES	" Um Savannah ... " Sam says quietly .
tr	PAST	I squinted against the intense light and microwaved a mug of water for my instant cocoa .
tr	PRES	One might even say , it approaches a " mea culpa " on the part of the Princeton group in the origin of the legend .
tr	PAST	This proved unnecessary since Prince Jake had been split into several parts by the machine in E Base and Jake had received his elvish ears .
tr	PAST	( Definition provided by Piper and many other women across the globe . )
tr	PRES	And worse , they indulge in drugs .
tr	PAST	The lad 's face brightened a little when Liam asked for another drink and a basket of fried onions to be brought over to his new table .
tr	PRES	The one I - " she coughed " - healed . "
tr	PRES	" What about Penny ?
tr	PRES	27 August 1843 Nothing we do stems the bleeding .
tr	PRES	" Please , Sarah , " she begs .
tr	PAST	The corners of my lips tipped up when I saw it was from Zayne even though the pain behind my eyes steadily increased .
tr	PRES	The universe ( he said ) offers a paradox too great for the finite mind to grasp .
tr	PRES	Dad chuckles , readjusting his glasses .
tr	PRES	You never hesitate at all to gloat . "
tr	PAST	Elle clasped her phone tightly and pulled opened a drawer .
tr	PRES	Maybe he suffers from a chronic disorder .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore creepily into my skin and I wanted to rub my hands over myself to shed the feeling .
tr	PRES	A chill creeps from the deep to wrap around me like a tight tentacle .
tr	PRES	This totally throws me .
tr	PAST	The crowd around us shuffled , getting antsy as they waited for a response .
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn and wondered where Robert was .
tr	PRES	As I near the start of the Olympic National Forest , the view changes .
tr	PAST	Benjie exclaimed in shock as he opened the door .
tr	PAST	I floated above a white hallway .
tr	PRES	Also , a big shout out to my editors , Shelley Holloway and Cassandra Marshall .
tr	PAST	He grappled the girl to the edge of the fountain and dipped her hair in the water .
tr	PRES	" Daemon - " " What will it be , Katy ? "
tr	PAST	She regarded me calmly .
tr	PRES	But one little niggling thought still remains .
tr	PRES	My eyes appraised every lane and although each person swam at a different level , they all seemed to be in great shape .
tr	PRES	He pushes out the chair next to him for me and Reece sits next to Quinn .
tr	PAST	As she was lying in bed that night , her cell phone chimed with a new text message .
tr	PAST	One of the men , the one obviously in charge , shuffled over to her .
tr	PAST	Magic proved to be temperamental .
tr	PAST	While Ji Hu understood more English than he spoke , having learned the language since grammar school , he preferred that Leo do the talking .
tr	PAST	Eyes wide , she ate him up with her gaze , a feminine appreciation gleaming deep within ocean depths .
tr	PAST	He presses a kiss to my forehead , each of my cheeks , and then ultimately my lips .
tr	PRES	Just seems selfish somehow . "
tr	PRES	" My birthday . "
tr	PAST	Angus The vet 's receptionist phoned just after breakfast .
tr	PRES	Sweat shone on his forehead .
tr	PRES	he whispers , shoving me back .
tr	PRES	Her joy floats in the air , wisps of happiness , and I want to grasp onto it .
tr	PRES	My illusion falls back into the ground .
tr	PAST	She clutched the kitten in her arms and instinctively curled around it to protect it .
tr	PAST	She engaged the camera and held it up to the passenger side window , framing the new skyline in the viewing area .
tr	PAST	Thompson plopped down in a chair and said , " Well I don 't like this .
tr	PRES	Their future begins tomorrow , and mine officially ends .
tr	PRES	Thank god you have my genes instead ! "
tr	PRES	A knot inside me eases a little as she brushes a hair back from my face .
tr	PAST	The other motioned her to continue moving to their side of the creek bank .
tr	PRES	She rises and brings me the linen coif for my hair .
tr	PAST	I acted very compliant , and then I put my knife through his back .
tr	PRES	Kelly laughed , the sound low , husky , and sensual .
tr	PRES	He wears a black tank top with tattoos covering both his arms .
tr	PRES	" Maybe someday , but first I will personally see you get there . "
tr	PRES	Her dark hair shone with good health .
tr	PRES	" Look all you like , " he teased and stood still for her perusal .
tr	PRES	He holds a bottle out to me .
tr	PAST	His voice wavered a little on the end , and he went back to chewing his thumbnail .
tr	PRES	" Sergeant Cole , so glad you 're with us again , " Flynn begins .
tr	PRES	I shout to Gale , and rise to my feet .
tr	PAST	Then smiling , he extended his hand with the blue rose .
tr	PRES	" He will be alright , " I comforted her patting her on the back .
tr	PAST	He hauled himself out to sit beside her .
tr	PAST	His ears pricked and he came alert as he saw Callie and Jack .
tr	PAST	Malik motioned for the Base Commander to continue and I followed them into the dank tunnel .
tr	PAST	Can you even comprehend those numbers against our fledgling Armada ? "
tr	PRES	Dominic explains when everyone else is busy doing things suddenly .
tr	PRES	" I wouldn 't be surprised , " Aria states in Jason 's mind .
tr	PAST	His lips froze , and I could almost hear the click in his head as he put together my words and my actions .
tr	PRES	He changes the subject , glancing around at the nothingness that pretty much fills my room , except for my sketchbook that 's on the floor .
tr	PAST	As I watched , the surviving Freak knelt beside its fallen friend and then shrieked as if we were the monsters .
tr	PAST	He elbowed Zack again .
tr	PAST	The Healer shuffled me out and I entered the reception area alone .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and places a finger on my procedural scar , the one he helped me fake to initiate me into the resistance .
tr	PRES	( Insert visual of a large , well-built , powerful vampire riding on a unicorn with me driving .
tr	PAST	the gas tank exploded .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the last barricade shattered .
tr	PAST	Three hours later , Alex gritted his teeth as the Giants ' trainer shot cortisone into his wrist .
tr	PAST	Irritation pricked at her skin , mostly at herself for becoming so frazzled .
tr	PAST	The customers at the front of the store froze .
tr	PRES	The honour tattoos just peeking over the neckline of his corporations service jacket .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	It bounced along the rutted ice , plowing with methodical sweeps .
tr	PAST	I replaced the bulb , left it on , then went to the kitchen , made dinner , and waited on the living room loveseat .
tr	PAST	His tongue teased her earlobe , swirled over her pulse .
tr	PRES	Robin 's mouth opens .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed , and she pulled it from her purse .
tr	PRES	Melanie holds her hands out , pleading .
tr	PRES	Suddenly a chasm yawns before me .
tr	PAST	Before it reached the clouds it shrank to a gleaming pinpoint , which winked .
tr	PAST	Mariel 's looks provided enough incentive to keep anyone in shape .
tr	PRES	Miranda ( age 25 ) enters tentatively .
tr	PRES	It allows me to keep my hand free so I can cast . "
tr	PAST	she wept and worried , her hands ever shaking , ever clawing , ever wrapping round and round , one about the other .
tr	PRES	He sighs and I know he 's going to drop it .
tr	PRES	" Probably TV dinners . "
tr	PAST	A block of marble masquerading as a breathing woman named Emma Adams .
tr	PAST	The orchid in her hand matched the one in her blonde hair .
tr	PAST	She blamed it for the rush of hot , needling tears , nevertheless .
tr	PAST	" You fantasized about this moment hundreds of times .
tr	PAST	Shorty exhaled the long breath he had been holding .
tr	PRES	Sailboat masts add triangles of color to the lake .
tr	PAST	Once more he slapped her , then leaned over her and bit down on the back of her neck , hard and not with his fangs .
tr	PRES	" It feels like I 'm continuing a story , " Julienne breathes .
tr	PRES	She draws in a big breath .
tr	PRES	He uses his remaining strength to struggle against the ghouls holding him down on all sides .
tr	PRES	" And with whom would I dance , Your Highness ? "
tr	PAST	Olivia exhaled before pushing Alexander off her into a sitting position .
tr	PRES	I dive for them like I 've never seen food before .
tr	PAST	He touches my neck , lifting my chin with his finger to see the bruise closer .
tr	PRES	" Tabby , " he whispers now .
tr	PRES	Something about this bothers me , but I can 't put a finger on it .
tr	PRES	A look of sheer horror passes over him while I struggle to keep down my bites of all those early-morning bagel sandwiches .
tr	PRES	This house belongs to me and Pip until our parents get home .
tr	PAST	She motioned to my car .
tr	PAST	Martin readied himself for take-off .
tr	PAST	Without a word VIN produced what the man wanted out of the car 's glove box .
tr	PRES	The castle produces a petrifying atmosphere to her senses , making her shiver down to her spine .
tr	PRES	" All kinds of stuff , " Janet replied , " but mostly I think it 's time to be a little more proactive . "
tr	PAST	She presses her lips together for a moment .
tr	PAST	I tensed up and listened .
tr	PRES	Tyler glances at it and furrows his brow .
tr	PAST	But the lady across the street claimed she saw my father 's truck leaving Tatiana 's house the night she was murdered . "
tr	PRES	" Now , lean back . "
tr	PRES	" And ye two pups ? "
tr	PRES	" Nice job bro ! "
tr	PRES	Miranda plays in the background with a doll and becomes progressively louder and more intrusive .
tr	PRES	" And you doing scientific and magical calculations .
tr	PAST	Chapter 14 Confrontation I slept surprisingly well that night , and woke the next morning with my sense of resolve further strengthened .
tr	PAST	" We can handle six , " Iridium said , " provided the birds help us out . "
tr	PAST	That very day we received crates of grenade launchers , fully automatic shotguns and flamethrowers , just to name a few of my early Christmas presents .
tr	PRES	He brings my hand to his mouth and grazes his lips across them .
tr	PRES	" One more and very compelling argument for me to attend . "
tr	PAST	They froze in the middle of the street .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled Tabitha 's leg , grateful she wasn 't a complete lunatic .
tr	PRES	Your greatness lies in imagination .
tr	PAST	My thighs involuntarily tensed .
tr	PAST	Daemon 's entire body tensed under my hand .
tr	PAST	Leaning over it , their unsteady breath fogged up the glass on the top of the ice cream case .
tr	PAST	Charlotte 's smile wavered .
tr	PRES	The question nearly causes me to sputter .
tr	PAST	Hailey wept as she and Mariposa watched from within their den .
tr	PRES	They revel in the evil , or at least their darker side does , and they have no desire to suppress it .
tr	PRES	Then another one at Georgie .
tr	PRES	I lean against the front desk looking at him .
tr	PRES	He sniffed at the cut , his nose twitching excitedly like a bunny rabbit sniffs a carrot before taking a bite .
tr	PRES	" But their preemptive public relations offensive lets them look humble instead . "
tr	PRES	Water forgave ; it held without confining , cleansed without judgment .
tr	PAST	Lina , Jaime rumbled back .
tr	PRES	I yell suddenly , unable to take it any longer .
tr	PRES	And please describe each to me as I measure your brain activity . "
tr	PAST	Then she proceeded to gently rub his muzzle .
tr	PAST	She sensed his restraint , his lingering concerns about protecting her from her dream or from herself .
tr	PAST	Lucy rustled through the other garments to find a large golden hoop she barely recalled .
tr	PAST	Budda opted to keep moving through Valkyrie and on toward Louisville .
tr	PAST	His body shrank away from the hot breath .
tr	PAST	Angelica jolted behind Voss , and he was vaguely aware that she 'd clutched his arm tightly .
tr	PRES	I exhale loudly when the screw detaches .
tr	PRES	" The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills .
tr	PRES	Her face shone when she smiled .
tr	PAST	She acted so carefree .
tr	PAST	He flicked the lights then the switch on the kettle and glanced down at Julie 's bowl .
tr	PAST	She prayed that was what it was , and not disgust or shock or any of the emotions she 'd endured that morning .
tr	PRES	With each step , my knees tremble as if they 're going to buckle and a cold sweat breaks out along the nape of my neck .
tr	PRES	' ' Stupid William Butler Yeats .
tr	PRES	Whether that 's the truth or a platitude , the guy relaxes his grip on me and fades out .
tr	PAST	He circled her once , twice , and she couldn 't stop a single gasp from escaping .
tr	PRES	You strive to withhold life from those who would live .
tr	PRES	My human eye twitches and aggravation causes my jaw to tick .
tr	PRES	" Jeff really loves baseball .
tr	PAST	The stars twinkled in the velvet sky , ever the same .
tr	PRES	Push away your family 's silly legends , and let 's go see what condition it 's in . "
tr	PAST	She froze for a split second , then she sank back into her wildcat .
tr	PRES	" Not me , pal . "
tr	PRES	" You unbelievable bastard ! "
tr	PAST	' Has Jennifer ever received mail from them ? '
tr	PRES	" YouTube videos . "
tr	PRES	I lean up as the bed collapses beneath me , and they glide me right alongside Gage .
tr	PRES	If something happens , I urge you to simply act as you normally do .
tr	PAST	" What your daughter provided for me . "
tr	PAST	" What kinds of memories ?
tr	PAST	His inane words buzzed her brain like a fog .
tr	PAST	Unable to stay upright a second longer , we both collapsed onto the bed , curled in each other 's arms .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and narrowed my eyebrows .
tr	PRES	Smarter buys than Church 's , which were basically the same shoes but with a premium tag for the name .
tr	PRES	I relax and just let him carry me .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the royal title .
tr	PRES	Gently , so gently , our tongues danced together .
tr	PRES	He refuses to replace me .
tr	PAST	Those spells protected the owners from harm in some way .
tr	PAST	she accused Laura , shaking her leopard skin cloak .
tr	PAST	In this case , the something correctly described the three bodies lying in a great pool of blood he had tripped into .
tr	PRES	Tonight , I confess my sins to you , Eleanor , and to you alone .
tr	PRES	Ares sees the world in black-and-white , and no matter how happy Hephaestus makes me , Ares doesn 't want to compete with his brother .
tr	PRES	" Me neither , " Holly announces broadly , putting his hands in his pockets like a boy .
tr	PRES	Can we chat ? "
tr	PRES	Yet something about his forthright manner and the laughter lacing his words compelled her to stay .
tr	PRES	Magical lights in the shape of the beast 's eyeballs swivel around and watch your progress as you comfort the survivors .
tr	PAST	He caressed her stubborn jaw , then exhaled deeply , giving a slow shake of his head .
tr	PAST	I acted like I didn 't even notice , just like Mrs. Sterling did .
tr	PRES	She frowns when she sees me ; I know my face must be a wasteland of fatigue after last night .
tr	PAST	She feared that falling in love again meant she 'd not really loved Donovan .
tr	PRES	Something in Kit melts .
tr	PAST	His body tensed and he let out a rough shout of completion as the first wave of release crashed against him .
tr	PRES	" You piss on me again , " she warned , pushing to her feet , " and I 'll kick your ass . "
tr	PAST	Dmitri cowered under the automaton for an eternity , his mind blank .
tr	PAST	Two days ago , Kit accused him of still being in love with his ex-wife .
tr	PRES	" My sister-in-law . "
tr	PRES	" Please don 't leave , " Ivy begged .
tr	PAST	I chugged my beer .
tr	PRES	Maybe , it terrifies you that she could be your downfall ; the one person who could take you down ? "
tr	PRES	If you believed in the tooth fairy .
tr	PRES	Olivia set the cup on the coffee table , her composure shaky .
tr	PRES	" After you , Great Warrior . "
tr	PAST	During the second one , I volunteered to help train the younger fellers with their rifles , but that was all stateside .
tr	PAST	And , if that wasn 't enough , her heart skipped three beats .
tr	PAST	Jones readjusted the pillows and we took down two more .
tr	PAST	The man jiggled coins in his pocket .
tr	PRES	Its front legs twitch as it tries to raise its head one last time .
tr	PAST	He balled his fists in anger .
tr	PAST	The galley plunged into the lead .
tr	PRES	Just a sprained ankle , but it hurts when I try to climb out of here . "
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	It opens its arms , all four of them , and kneels to the ground .
tr	PAST	The weather forecast predicted peaks in the high nineties throughout most of the day .
tr	PAST	It donned a diamond pendant with a brilliant sparkle .
tr	PAST	He groped for some poetic statement , but words could not express his true feelings .
tr	PRES	Andrew returns and we lead the children over to the kitchen for lunch .
tr	PRES	So thanks , um ... " He paused .
tr	PAST	Joy exploded inside my heart even as devastation reached up to drag it back down into the pit of my self-created hell .
tr	PAST	He readied his fist to hit her again , but the eerie smile on her lips stopped him .
tr	PAST	And not long afterward , the doctors announced another victory for modern medicine and sent me home with her .
tr	PAST	Kissing her cheek , he withdrew from her and got up to dress .
tr	PAST	Our feet shuffle , stopping only when they can go no farther .
tr	PRES	It belongs to Eric , leader of the Dauntless .
tr	PAST	Probably an old building or an event area of some kind , abandoned by its owners when money ran out .
tr	PAST	Tired , sore , dazed most of the time , Jason trusted his companion more than he 'd ever trusted anything or anyone .
tr	PRES	' That sums it up fairly well , yes . ' '
tr	PAST	Dozens of questions swirled through my restless mind , but that voice offered no answers .
tr	PAST	Paul Dunne fidgeted with his tie .
tr	PRES	" Jez , be careful " I warn through my thoughts .
tr	PRES	His eyes bulge , his fingers claw , but he can 't reach me .
tr	PAST	Heavy , ornate furniture adorned the room .
tr	PRES	" Love you , too , sis . "
tr	PRES	Ethan brings the crowbar up and begins to knock it against the wall .
tr	PRES	Quick bursts instead of extended spells .
tr	PRES	" Little Princess not fine . "
tr	PAST	Octavian regarded him steadily and said nothing .
tr	PRES	They bark and drool and snarl and pee on me .
tr	PAST	They eyed each other for a few seconds before agreeing to a coin toss .
tr	PAST	As it drew closer , the Freak slowed , something I had never witnessed before .
tr	PAST	As a string quartet played , her bridesmaids glided down the aisle , one after another .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Stay with me , Love .
tr	PAST	Though her feet were uneasy , she rooted them firmly against the rocky ground .
tr	PRES	' Any ladders about ? '
tr	PAST	He hauled her against him .
tr	PAST	I collapsed next to him .
tr	PRES	The vendors set-up booths and carts .
tr	PRES	' She strikes me as the sort who would act rashly if she knew .
tr	PRES	" She sings witch songs ... in the Old Tongue . "
tr	PRES	" What a nightmare . "
tr	PAST	Mom served and we all ate like the victims of famine .
tr	PAST	You had it tough , you dealt with it - now move on , soldier . "
tr	PRES	With a smile , Dean Worthen holds up his glass .
tr	PRES	Lark starting forward snaps me back into the moment .
tr	PAST	Her heart wept for what she 'd lost .
tr	PAST	I caved faster than a house of poorly placed cards in the wind .
tr	PAST	She flung it shut with sufficient force to rattle the windows on three floors .
tr	PRES	And a few cheerleaders .
tr	PRES	She glances out the transparent bulkheads and gasps to see the juggernaut and it 's rain of fire .
tr	PRES	My chest lurches as I resist the urge to bawl .
tr	PAST	" Don 't be boring , dearie " was the reply he received .
tr	PRES	" Are you lonely , Georgie ?
tr	PAST	Catherine flicked her hair over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	The magic circle glowed and expanded across the floor .
tr	PAST	" You deserve it , " he stated , sipping on his wine and looking very pleased with himself .
tr	PAST	" You 've grown , " she accused him .
tr	PAST	The impact rumbled the arena and surrounding buildings like a star fallen from the heavens .
tr	PRES	" Okay , that explains a few things . "
tr	PRES	" I can 't run , you moron . "
tr	PRES	" Cornell bears all the responsibility for any hostility .
tr	PAST	The encased wall collapsed once , maybe it did again .
tr	PRES	His anxiety seeps through the rigidity in his touch revealing that he is afraid for me and what I will face .
tr	PRES	This court stands in recess until nine a.m. Monday morning . "
tr	PRES	" You can 't describe a sky as being sky blue , that 's cheating , " I teased him .
tr	PRES	Hud Rake loves working his property .
tr	PAST	His long-term intern , Jake handled some of the other deliveries , but Trace always went to Bailey 's himself .
tr	PRES	He kills every male jaguar child who has human blood in their veins .
tr	PAST	The courtiers accompanied their King in strict order of rank .
tr	PRES	" Either you sell out or you don 't . "
tr	PAST	The floor vibrated under his feet .
tr	PAST	" Smells excellent in here , Ellery ! "
tr	PAST	He bore into her like a precision scalpel .
tr	PRES	Before I can ask what he means , his hand drifts farther down my jeans and then slips under my panties .
tr	PRES	Daniel deals again , handing me five cards .
tr	PAST	Her whole body tensed .
tr	PRES	As the blip grows larger , information begins to appear alongside it .
tr	PAST	" Right , " scoffed Selena .
tr	PAST	A doctor pushed through the door then , tugged at his mask .
tr	PAST	In those years , two tribes emerged from the battles with success -- the Sioux and the French .
tr	PAST	She screeched as she was yanked without warning into an alcove .
tr	PRES	I swing wide around the rear of the remains of the building and see an alley off of what must have been the rectory at one point .
tr	PAST	And last night , you assaulted me .
tr	PRES	The memory remembers not only form and colour of the exterior , but also the form and colour of the interior .
tr	PRES	" WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO US ? "
tr	PRES	Knights patrolled and gave curfews to citizens .
tr	PAST	A certain cold logic advised me that it wouldn 't be too long before I 'd be pointedly asked to leave .
tr	PRES	We huddle close together , shuffling into a tighter group for protection .
tr	PRES	It crushes me to hear him say that .
tr	PAST	I have never desired a woman as I do you , Madeline .
tr	PRES	At the door she stops .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	She pinched her palm with her fingernails and swallowed .
tr	PRES	It 's really me , " Aimee whispers .
tr	PRES	Finally he surfaces and flings his head back , water droplets showering me .
tr	PAST	Her singing always cheered him up .
tr	PAST	Goose bumps emerged on her otherwise smooth flesh .
tr	PRES	She tries to hold on to them but they slip through her fingers .
tr	PAST	He at least preferred to talk with me more than the other girls , but I just couldn 't figure him out .
tr	PRES	" Why all the secrecy , Byron ? "
tr	PRES	Nobody bothers my parents , not if I have anything to say about it .
tr	PRES	' Pet . ' "
tr	PRES	" Right , okay , sure , football . "
tr	PRES	" Forgive me , Gwen , but Rhys never talks about that . "
tr	PRES	" You threaten me ?
tr	PAST	Nate exclaimed , feeling a surge of genuine alarm .
tr	PAST	I leaped over the snaking strand and landed with a thud on the first landing below .
tr	PRES	But then , the prisoner never loves his jailer . "
tr	PAST	" I love you , pet , " he rasped as her nails raked down his back .
tr	PRES	Slowly the Grand Administrator brings her arms down without collapsing her wings .
tr	PRES	" I decline with thanks ... " I took another breath .
tr	PRES	" Uh some clarification , K. " " Okay , " I hesitate .
tr	PRES	She likes to read , mainly romance novels .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat and then took several leaps .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone like two embers .
tr	PAST	Melanie , Sonia and another girl named Chelsea giggled .
tr	PRES	Taking a second to scan the area for me , Tyler freezes .
tr	PAST	Finally , after he repeats his question , Day hugs him closer and whispers something in his ear .
tr	PRES	They steal up the marble steps of the staircase and into the first room .
tr	PRES	Cade climbs to his feet and holds out a hand for me .
tr	PAST	He quickly prayed for an unlocked basement door and charged ahead .
tr	PAST	Chris 's hands fisted at his sides , he hated feeling so impotent but he didn 't know what to do to help either her or Devon .
tr	PRES	" Anything to do with his real father brings out the worst in him . "
tr	PRES	" You 're not taking it , goddamn it !
tr	PAST	Guilt tugged briefly at her as she thought of her family and friends , but it was only one night .
tr	PAST	Truth be told he was rather worried to see his unflappable Randolph so , well , flapped .
tr	PRES	Fear for her stoked brighter , but he had to stay focused .
tr	PAST	As one , the squadron of horsemen , driven into a fury by their frustration , spurred their horses into a gallop towards the envoy .
tr	PAST	After a single call lasting less than three minutes , Samuel announced that the job was hers .
tr	PRES	The black band pulsed and throbbed , blackness spreading through her hand where blood should have run .
tr	PAST	Her hand presses into his chest and remains there with her fingers splayed .
tr	PAST	The courtesan 's eyes narrowed , fear replaced by hard defiance .
tr	PRES	" One twelve , " I correct .
tr	PAST	The door chimed loudly and echoed across the restaurant .
tr	PRES	Ten pins spill with a loud crash , rattling under the lane .
tr	PRES	He scoots off the mattress and onto the floor in front of me , putting the mirror between us .
tr	PRES	He helps grab my luggage .
tr	PAST	In the bathroom I selected all my toiletries , leaving my mom 's .
tr	PAST	Jack eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	We toasted our little friend and returned to the house .
tr	PAST	Miranda cringed when she realized they were not in lines as for a country dance , but in pairs set to waltz .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , knowing that it would annoy him to no end .
tr	PRES	He relaxes a little .
tr	PAST	She wriggled her hand free and hugged her arms around her middle .
tr	PAST	That whipped his thoughts back to those purple satin sheets .
tr	PAST	spat Pandora , though she cringed as Julian discovered a new octave .
tr	PAST	Some speculated the heart attack was not predicated on fear of impact , but fear of surviving her own son .
tr	PAST	This Jedi named Anakin Skywalker had occupied more of his attention than he would have liked .
tr	PRES	He frowns , " High enough to reach the heavens .
tr	PRES	My voice cracks , and I hate that it does .
tr	PRES	It just fits me better .
tr	PRES	She always visits at this time .
tr	PAST	Though unable to recall their melodies consciously she sensed the band 's songs had been working on her subconscious overnight .
tr	PAST	I charged over to my room and sent it to his email .
tr	PAST	Kara tipped the cup of Tylenol into her mouth and washed it with water .
tr	PRES	" Neither of us wishes to commit suicide . "
tr	PRES	Your warrior monk brethren ?
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands and closed my eyes as tears started to fill them .
tr	PRES	Three blocks from the store my feet slap heavy against the pavement , as I lose myself in a bout of anxiety over the interview .
tr	PRES	I knew I should be paying attention , but I was exhausted , and quickly fell asleep , my head resting on the arm of Richard .
tr	PAST	Carefully she unfolded the fragile brown paper and read .
tr	PRES	So , she tuned out , while attempting to mentally entertain herself .
tr	PRES	She disappears behind the heavy door and the deadbolt clicks .
tr	PRES	The view afforded to us allows us to see for miles .
tr	PAST	The tarp flapped listlessly in the gentle afternoon breeze .
tr	PAST	I highly doubted he was some undercover agent making million dollar deals .
tr	PRES	" That brings up another ... problem . "
tr	PRES	" Go on , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	He lied to me ... " his voice breaks .
tr	PAST	Sheen froze and looked behind him .
tr	PAST	He propped his back against the pillows as satisfaction of a different sort consumed him .
tr	PRES	" This is the Captain , " Jason begins .
tr	PRES	" Right away , Aunt Pol . "
tr	PAST	His hand roamed down to my breasts .
tr	PAST	The party soon disintegrated .
tr	PAST	The microelectrodes recorded action generated by individual neurons .
tr	PRES	The words creep out of Jennifer 's mouth at a higher frequency , she glances around the still reception area .
tr	PAST	He plunged his hand into the soil he had slept in , hoping that it would anchor him and keep him from the shadows .
tr	PRES	My knees tremble as I try and steady myself against the wall .
tr	PRES	She shifted restlessly beneath him , her breaths stuttering in , then out again .
tr	PAST	You assaulted a fellow agent tonight .
tr	PRES	He holds up the white rose and gestures with it .
tr	PAST	As I hobbled out of the restaurant Adonis flagged Matt down , ordered a beer , and continued to stare at the muted television set .
tr	PAST	' The ex-boyfriend ? '
tr	PRES	" I steal things . "
tr	PRES	" Of course I forgive you . "
tr	PRES	If he wasn 't such a boring idiot .
tr	PRES	" He usually just lets Bob loose on them . "
tr	PAST	All those years with Sweet Dove I was powerless , but now I feel as though I could do anything . "
tr	PRES	But Milton does have ears , he suspects because of the rumors circulating around the school .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be fine , " Rift quickly mutters , eager to get away from the creepy blonde .
tr	PAST	Mrs. White exclaimed , looking up at them .
tr	PRES	So , what brings you to Vegas ? "
tr	PRES	Plutarch stands over a wide , flat panel in the center of the table .
tr	PAST	More than that , he trusted her .
tr	PAST	The seams of his jeans split .
tr	PRES	" B Force ? "
tr	PAST	A low , hollow laugh rumbled from his throat .
tr	PAST	It looks scrumptious , " the programmer referred to the steaming container of food he held in his hand .
tr	PRES	What if you damage your mind ? "
tr	PAST	Gathering Kane to his side , he fled across the Cathedral , his wounded leg on fire .
tr	PRES	Frankie sighs while getting the paper towels off the counter .
tr	PRES	The perfect square touches the ceiling and then falls down into the wall , alone , without any protection guards plus guns .
tr	PAST	She preferred crime stuff , investigative reporting .
tr	PRES	He relaxes a little .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and kept my expression as blank as possible .
tr	PRES	The gas burner ticks on and I gather my coat and purse .
tr	PRES	He stalked down the front walk of the house , kicked the gate open , and strode up to Simon .
tr	PRES	" Did I do something to make you mad , Zane ? "
tr	PRES	My mouth fel open .
tr	PAST	By the time we were smoking , a man named Storm Jenkins was telling us about the heat wave on its way to the tri-state area .
tr	PRES	The same holds true for the mighty Dax .
tr	PAST	His brothers received the brunt and they didn 't seem to notice .
tr	PAST	I froze in shock for a second , before grabbing Fabian and leading Galen up the stairs .
tr	PAST	I slowed my pace down slightly and waited for him to catch up .
tr	PAST	She slapped at it before she even knew what she was doing -- you were wiser than that , weren 't you , Gary ?
tr	PRES	" I can 't do that , " I disagree .
tr	PAST	" I ceased living long ago . "
tr	PAST	" And he destroyed my entire kingdom !
tr	PRES	He holds his stomach then stands , panting .
tr	PRES	" She deserves a husband who will see her for the treasure she is . "
tr	PRES	" I du n no , " Ian returns .
tr	PRES	" Get rid of the belt , " Verity ordered , her voice husky with desire .
tr	PRES	" Very cooperative . "
tr	PAST	Katherine shrieked having followed him out .
tr	PRES	Thousands of tiny lights twinkle all around the ground below and in the middle of the panoramic view the skyscrapers of Louisville soar into the air .
tr	PRES	Prue loves you . "
tr	PAST	The attorney slapped his shoulder .
tr	PAST	He grunted with the impact and clapped a hand hard over my mouth to stop my screaming .
tr	PAST	He sensed that energy around him ; it belonged to his mother .
tr	PAST	She plopped a wet juicy one onto Danny 's plate , and he poked at it with his blue tipped , mostly rotted fingers .
tr	PRES	" Those stupid dogs wouldn 't stop running when I ordered them to , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	I chew my lip , agitation in my veins .
tr	PAST	Renna flattened herself against the building across the street .
tr	PRES	I teased , and linked my arm with his elbow .
tr	PRES	Freedom of expressing your opinion disappears just before freedom disappears .
tr	PRES	Beverly frowns , and then pushes Wayland , forcing him to lie back on her bed .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for helping me decorate the tree , Jason .
tr	PAST	Daemon dove into the abyss a second before she did , catching her at the Red as she tried to flee the body .
tr	PRES	" The chapel crypt ? "
tr	PRES	" Here ya go , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" That explains a lot . "
tr	PRES	Caffeine actually shrinks the arteries again , so it provides relief from the headache .
tr	PRES	Fury blazes in his eyes just before he closes them .
tr	PRES	Jase 's lips twitch .
tr	PRES	" Like scrubbing pots ? "
tr	PAST	Celestino proceeded as if his commentary were nothing more than a passing comment about the food and wine .
tr	PRES	Just before I log off , a message pops in my inbox from my sister .
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled faintly in the west .
tr	PRES	" Uh-huh , " I murmur , running through my notes again .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the strap of her duffel bag .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through the case of little glass vials he 'd brought from his shop .
tr	PRES	Sweet Dove , always Sweet Dove .
tr	PRES	My muscles strain as I fight to hold on .
tr	PRES	Its splendour lies in its relative simplicity , humility , and the tender frescoes that feel like family .
tr	PRES	Braden slams his hand into the wall .
tr	PRES	Mom 's apology from last night taunts me .
tr	PAST	He regarded her beauty for a moment , and felt a stir of both desire and anger .
tr	PRES	" And even today he uses this technique in his Dreamscape .
tr	PAST	Slept a sleep bordering on the comatose -- for the pain had chased him down steeper and deeper chasms into deeper and darker regions .
tr	PAST	Trevor replaced the receiver and stepped closer to the window to get a view of the sky .
tr	PRES	" And really Hodge this time .
tr	PRES	I shout her name over and over again .
tr	PAST	I tensed up even more , and he held up a conciliatory hand .
tr	PAST	It violated every principle under which they lived .
tr	PAST	He sobered almost at once , though , and said , " As for my grandfather , no , he doesn 't know .
tr	PAST	She slapped a hand over his .
tr	PAST	and he began running with it , giggling , she chased him to the top of a hill where they both sat down and called James over .
tr	PAST	He crawled back deeper into the thicket , dragging his pack and his rifle with him out of sight .
tr	PRES	We rejoice when people are saved , when lives are spared , but sometimes you have to stop and think , At what cost ?
tr	PRES	With the sun beating down on us and the windows rolled open , the warm spring air carries with it the hum of life .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Duncan .
tr	PAST	Naturally , I received no official reply to this .
tr	PRES	She mutters a little more and extends a hand for me to pull her up .
tr	PAST	Autumn 's eyes flicked between the two of them , grimacing slightly .
tr	PRES	Jenna 's whispers buzz in my ear .
tr	PRES	We abandon the high ground to aid our comrades in the tight valley .
tr	PAST	The stump shattered over the ground .
tr	PAST	The fiery scent of spilled whiskey mingled with that of his old books .
tr	PRES	" Oh my soul , leap from this earth and join the immortal eagles ! "
tr	PAST	She stares at me with sharp blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Her hand lingered for a moment before she removed it , forcing a nervous cough .
tr	PAST	The faintest flare of a smile tipped his mouth , and he nodded to Max .
tr	PAST	Two more rockets exploded within the cloud .
tr	PRES	Finally , a small smile touches her lips .
tr	PAST	Golden writhed in pain from the attack , twisting his feet towards Jake , and the rifle 's business end towards Donny .
tr	PAST	" You know exactly what we mean , " Deb chimed in .
tr	PRES	Elder slams his fist into the elevator call button .
tr	PRES	Did you spare anyone ? "
tr	PRES	Uncle Drac always uses the old dry stuff , but they had put new stuff in the sacks .
tr	PAST	As she stepped even closer , his body tensed with sudden arousal .
tr	PAST	Ty gritted out Zane 's name as he lowered his head and bumped his forehead against Zane 's chin .
tr	PAST	For a moment , I pondered whether to ask him about the email .
tr	PRES	And the Ring . "
tr	PRES	" Dangerous Journey . "
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PAST	Theresa pondered the question and its implications .
tr	PAST	To my profound relief , he holstered the gun after he punched in a number .
tr	PAST	Finally he fashioned a metal head gear , very much like a helmet that would cut out most telepathic waves .
tr	PAST	He dove to the side , toward the doorway .
tr	PAST	But he doubted he could generate enough speed to strike the door much harder than he could kick it .
tr	PRES	" Crap , " Jack mutters , dropping the card on the table .
tr	PRES	" Nothing stands out about the style , and the designs are pretty run-of-the-mill .
tr	PAST	He dismissed everything I said in one little word and wasn 't even going to wait around to discuss it with me ?
tr	PAST	They stripped me of my rank . "
tr	PRES	Hunger of so many blood drinkers in the hall .
tr	PAST	Inside , his guts churned .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed at the exact moment I saw the tiny airplane taking off toward us .
tr	PRES	Explained Mister Gideon , ' you have the honour and privilege to be the first person he has approached with a view of doing business . '
tr	PAST	Then he sighted some cabs and thought he would stay a night in a hotel , until he decided what to do .
tr	PRES	Then Hanna mumbled something about hanging out with Naomi Zeigler , her roommate .
tr	PAST	He scampered up to his feet and ran , leaving the chair on its side at the bottom of the door .
tr	PAST	' You lied ? ' '
tr	PAST	He committed suicide last week . '
tr	PRES	It lets you do things you never thought you could do .
tr	PRES	" That was not very good , Sir Horace .
tr	PAST	" Who invented these , then ? "
tr	PRES	The machines provide electrical power , but heat is supplied by hydrothermal vents rising from the ocean floor . "
tr	PRES	We lean and we support and we say to hell with those who would look sideways at us .
tr	PAST	Human nurses , having no respect for the Colony property , stole over 400 grams of hard drugs .
tr	PRES	Gabe opens the back door I 'm not leaning against and holds out a wool blanket .
tr	PAST	A road extended from the cliff to the landmass , allowing for travel to the city .
tr	PAST	Summer unzipped a pocket of her jacket and gave Nate the little ball of chocolate .
tr	PRES	Dev disappears back away from the gates and we 're left with a group of approaching Crawlers .
tr	PAST	she sobbed , shaking him by the shoulders .
tr	PAST	At the third door on the left , Marianne motioned to the lock and Leslie got to work with the key .
tr	PRES	' My feet drag on the ground when I try to sit on a horse . '
tr	PRES	Emma points to the wall with the rude chalk drawing of the sun upon it .
tr	PRES	The Wraith shrieked , " what is this ?
tr	PRES	The king grants audience liberally .
tr	PRES	' What a very admirable sort of snake .
tr	PRES	" Joy , I assume ?
tr	PRES	" What brings you by ? "
tr	PAST	" They 've no choice , " Lucien stated .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand toward Sloane .
tr	PAST	This cost Marshall a great deal to say .
tr	PAST	He eyed his men .
tr	PRES	" And , Miss Stockton ... " " Yes , sir ? "
tr	PRES	" God , I 've missed you , " he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	I should have chased after Elle .
tr	PAST	While the Dark Sisters served him , I served them .
tr	PRES	I rip out the page of doodles and wad it up .
tr	PRES	" Cody snuck some frogs from outside to put in there , but one escaped . "
tr	PRES	Grinder 's club stops in mid air .
tr	PRES	I chew on my lip nervously .
tr	PAST	Another kiss muffled her squeal of delight .
tr	PRES	She reclaimed her chair and ignored how warm it was and how she could smell his faint aftershave .
tr	PRES	It all fits together . "
tr	PAST	Had Fletcher seized the break from his chosen partner to seek her out or had he manipulated it ?
tr	PAST	I wielded the hand of blood .
tr	PAST	Father endured my ill-tempered diatribe with a calm grace that irritated me all the more .
tr	PRES	I bury my face in her neck .
tr	PAST	As the sun fell lower in the sky in front of her , its light reflected off the water in the distance .
tr	PRES	" He hates to be reminded of the cost of all that help I gave him .
tr	PRES	No lies to tell .
tr	PRES	I assume I am talking to Tucker Wayne ? "
tr	PRES	" Kurt likes to celebrate after important closings . "
tr	PAST	I seized it before she could push through .
tr	PRES	They exist as enemies of God .
tr	PRES	Grandpa mumbled something about needing to test the food , and disappeared into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Despite the man 's reputation , his advice stank .
tr	PRES	" That fits in with the fracking protests getting under way . "
tr	PAST	Frodo enthusiastically wagged his equally large hairy tail and attempted to stick his nose through the gap where the window had been left ajar .
tr	PRES	She hisses at him and I will admit that that is hot .
tr	PRES	James 's expression fits the thought somehow , like he 's replaying a memory from my head .
tr	PRES	Eve mumbled around a mouthful of sticky goodness .
tr	PRES	Jackson passes it over without a word .
tr	PAST	She often sought refuge in the evergreen forest from annoying tourists and pesky little buggers with ever evolving VR games .
tr	PRES	And you better wash those blankets before you give them back ! "
tr	PAST	But he sped up , dragging her with him .
tr	PAST	My stomach swirled uncomfortably at her request .
tr	PAST	She chattered on , the same as any other night , relating the neighborhood gossip and listening to her husband describe his day .
tr	PRES	Slowly she tries to carry the soup farther and farther from the bowl as she leans back .
tr	PRES	She holds a baby balanced on one thrust out hip , bouncing it gently .
tr	PAST	Phoebe exclaimed , making everyone jump .
tr	PAST	On the drive across the causeway , Isaac chattered about the party .
tr	PAST	He flapped around , trying to get a better position and fired wildly again , spraying his bullets and cannon shells awry .
tr	PRES	This knife belongs to him .
tr	PRES	" I won 't go quietly , " I warn her .
tr	PRES	Trust me , " he whispered , his mouth inches from mine , and I swallowed a lump again .
tr	PRES	" Alfred , ' GD ' stands for Genetic Development . "
tr	PRES	Some human women starved themselves down to skin and bones and thought it looked good .
tr	PRES	We all pitch forward , and behind us we hear the van skid to a stop .
tr	PAST	He quickly slapped it back against his legs as it began to venture away .
tr	PRES	" His presence in the mortal realm causes discord , especially when he 's not masking what he is . "
tr	PAST	I selected an apple orchard , the early spring blossoms white and waving in the breeze , casting their sweet smell toward the river .
tr	PAST	I scooted myself down so I was fully covered up to my neck in bubbles .
tr	PRES	I yell , hands up and empty as we stagger to the nearest trench , hoping it 's not German .
tr	PAST	He stiffened , preparing himself to clamp a hand over her mouth , but then her eyes closed and she turned her head away .
tr	PAST	Can you wrap it for me ? "
tr	PAST	Her sensors soaked up data .
tr	PAST	The fire department handled it .
tr	PAST	Kiran buzzed me in before I even had a chance to push the button and I magically dried myself and clothes on the way to the elevator .
tr	PAST	Every muscle in Helen 's body tensed .
tr	PRES	At the cultural center of it all lies Houston .
tr	PAST	a voice hollered out .
tr	PAST	And she sped on before him .
tr	PAST	The skirt matched perfectly .
tr	PAST	Chapter 22 The booming voice of the aircraft awoke me .
tr	PRES	He strikes a button on his armrest with his middle finger .
tr	PRES	It belongs to the earth .
tr	PRES	" Whoa there cowboy .
tr	PRES	Everything inside of me relaxes , and I didn 't even know I was tense .
tr	PRES	We worship in unison , but our troubles are all our own .
tr	PRES	Fate whispers to me .
tr	PRES	Our earlier unpleasant encounter flashes before me .
tr	PAST	She dusted gravel off a tooled leather accordion case and sat on it .
tr	PAST	Nat just prayed these two gorgeous girls were not frauds leading up to a claim on the estate .
tr	PAST	inquired a jocular and warm female voice .
tr	PAST	A tiny chill buzzed through my system .
tr	PRES	" And caffeine helps you with energy for working out . "
tr	PRES	" Hot chocolate . "
tr	PAST	When the star blows ... " Nate pinched his fingers together as if to crush the star he 'd picked out of existence himself .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and I feel it all the way down to my toes .
tr	PAST	" Riches he obtained by thievery and murder . "
tr	PRES	He slides one slick hand from my breast down into the water .
tr	PRES	But I and the proponents of the Movement disagree with this idea of Christ as the only Son of God .
tr	PRES	My insides twist into a million shapes they shouldn 't .
tr	PAST	She tensed , hand gripping the gun .
tr	PRES	If I ask , will you slap a knot anyway ? "
tr	PRES	" Excellent , " beamed Miriam .
tr	PAST	His hands groped their way to his neck rather weakly .
tr	PAST	They emerged into an unkempt back garden , hardly more than a paved square with some bins and a short washing line .
tr	PAST	" One of them ... some guy named Lawrence ... he knew . "
tr	PAST	Pet twirled about in a buttercream , cotton-blend dress with capped sleeves and a flapped collar .
tr	PRES	" Ray Gibson ? "
tr	PAST	Jez was spellbound by the image , " will mine be identical ? "
tr	PAST	" That was a nice thing to say , " Selena stated .
tr	PAST	" No , that 's called jealousy , " Riley joked .
tr	PAST	Watt 's jaw tensed .
tr	PAST	But he awoke in an instant , stared at them and then said , ' My boy Toby 's coming to see I Sat ' day . '
tr	PRES	His breath draws in with a hiss , then he shakes his head .
tr	PAST	He persisted , trying to quiet my words .
tr	PAST	She propped her chin on her hand and leaned over her desk to smile at Neil .
tr	PRES	" So Maddox , what would this perfect girl be like ? "
tr	PAST	" That 'd be a change , " Liam joked .
tr	PRES	Dr. Beckett exhales and then falls against the backrest of his seat .
tr	PRES	Shyness shone in her jade eyes .
tr	PAST	The bacon screeched across the plate .
tr	PRES	" Oh , don 't worry , Citizen One : my apologies .
tr	PRES	" I think he 's right , Matthew , " Nora whispered dejectedly when he turned away .
tr	PAST	A lone man reclined upon a soft , decadent bed .
tr	PAST	Bark 's ears perked up and he saw her slowly being encompassed with snow .
tr	PAST	The Prince fenced and battled , leaping into the air to avoid the blades .
tr	PRES	Crewe approaches his brother .
tr	PRES	He frowns and tilts his head .
tr	PAST	With a big , goofy grin on his face , he sped quickly away from his house .
tr	PRES	Simon whipped his head around .
tr	PRES	I drag my fingers along my face as I hunch over and search the damp grass for the elastic .
tr	PRES	I confess ... I became careless . "
tr	PAST	He eyed his brothers as he passed , hand on his sword , saying " I 'll deal with you lot later . "
tr	PRES	Let 's talk later ok ? "
tr	PAST	She rotated and fled .
tr	PAST	" He is not a charlatan , " Lynette defended in as calm a tone as she could manage .
tr	PRES	" Karen Fitch . "
tr	PRES	I snap the rubber band against my wrist a few more times , but it 's not stilling the anxiety twisting inside me .
tr	PAST	He washed his hands again .
tr	PAST	Sylvia grunted and pushed herself up .
tr	PAST	" Touch me , " she begged , feeling as if she 'd inadvertently created a gulf between them .
tr	PAST	The Sheriff exhaled and coughed lightly .
tr	PRES	Navi promptly points out .
tr	PAST	The color of his fur matched the color of the gray bark so to the creatures on the ground he was invisible .
tr	PRES	I lean down to place a gentle kiss on it .
tr	PAST	Pres Ikeda also stated ... " A life forged through efforts to protect the Law drives out the impurities of the negative karma created through slander ... .
tr	PRES	I murmur , trying to be sensible .
tr	PAST	Maximilian proved to be a superb gentleman .
tr	PRES	He slides his hands from my shoulders to my arms and urges me toward his car .
tr	PRES	Ethan stands by the backdoor , looking lost , like he can 't quite figure out what the hell we were doing .
tr	PRES	My head draws back in a stunned motion .
tr	PRES	The door slams open .
tr	PRES	" Who in their right mind sells their body for a minibus for oldies ? "
tr	PAST	Then I inflated the bag with pure O2 from the suit 's tanks .
tr	PRES	" It 's OK , " Juliet murmurs , stroking my hair .
tr	PAST	As Rachel drew closer , a rank , sour odor assailed her .
tr	PAST	I reduced the image and tried to find my location .
tr	PRES	" He helps us to come and go as we please .
tr	PAST	And that whatever this thing is , I destroyed the planet ?
tr	PAST	With an effort , he dismissed what she 'd just said .
tr	PAST	No longer hindered by her gloves , she freed him with a deftness born of practice .
tr	PAST	After a brief loving sigh the ship revealed more .
tr	PRES	The animal opens his legs , stretching the claws .
tr	PRES	" Because Amber belongs here , with us . "
tr	PAST	the chorus of girls chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Oh , just write that you want to be a gynecologist , " Vanessa mutters .
tr	PAST	His face jerked , like I 'd slapped him .
tr	PAST	he rasped , his voice low and almost soundless .
tr	PRES	" Not by the bayou , Sunshine .
tr	PAST	Just as we were about to ascend the hill above the valley , Mr. Mac motioned for Zack and me to come forward .
tr	PAST	Dante tipped his head back , laughing .
tr	PAST	Warren Jefferson shuffled toward the witness box , taking great care to avoid the well .
tr	PRES	Elena fel to her hands and knees .
tr	PAST	A small yellow car screeched to an abrupt halt before the gates , and an enormous wave of relief gushed over me .
tr	PRES	" Fighting gains us nothing , Your Highness .
tr	PRES	" For goodness sake , " Cynthia begged .
tr	PRES	His voice brook no argument .
tr	PRES	Several more rounds slice off the pirate 's arms and his legs at the knees .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Zane ? "
tr	PRES	He sees a hedge and he does one of two things .
tr	PAST	I clutched my aching stomach .
tr	PRES	Finn flicks on the headlights as Jonathan keeps chattering at him .
tr	PAST	The blue light broached a corner , revealing a sagging white canvas rectangle lit blue .
tr	PAST	She sobbed , a few tears escaping .
tr	PRES	I add , trying not to let on that I 'm not happy with the direction she 's taking this .
tr	PRES	" Are you feeling okay today , Maggie ? "
tr	PRES	Because they 'd hit the damn fork in the road .
tr	PAST	So , we dismissed the idea straight away , killing ourselves to save ourselves is not going to get us anywhere . "
tr	PAST	He bounced off the car and landed several feet away from the driveway .
tr	PAST	The machine projected an image of Simone 's drone , blasting its way through the 747 , where Simone had discovered Callum 's body .
tr	PAST	He trusted she would do what she needed to if necessary .
tr	PAST	He smacked his lips as he paid the bill .
tr	PRES	" Addicts , prostitutes ... they are not valuable to the police in a town of so much wealth and influence . "
tr	PAST	Sidra froze when Andrea mentioned the name of the head partner of the design firm .
tr	PAST	" So what tipped him over the edge ? "
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PAST	But somehow Cohen sensed she was still inside me , even insisting on calling me Eliza , which was odd .
tr	PAST	' We 'll let the girls decide , ' TJ stated .
tr	PRES	She hugs her warmly as if old friends .
tr	PRES	Just then Mitch lets out a snore , his mouth still hanging open in sleep .
tr	PRES	" Oh , that explains it .
tr	PRES	Fighting the urge to sob , Zelda 's tears flow just the same .
tr	PAST	But the sensation lingered , and Grace could feel the comfort as it seeped into her mind , soothing some of the sadness away .
tr	PAST	Firefighters battled flames spurting out from the gaping hole in Second Avenue , shouting about the heat and the fire 's resilience .
tr	PRES	Neither Hit nor I have eaten much in the last twenty-four , but it doesn 't matter .
tr	PRES	" Knights to stay at the crown of the hill in reserve .
tr	PRES	Vision returns , but only the gaping eye of the Nothingness appears before me .
tr	PRES	The water continues to vibrate and shake around us and the moment that I think the word shake , it occurs to me .
tr	PAST	The water churned nearby , a murky brown that lapped against the hull of HMS Victory .
tr	PRES	" I du n no , I guess I 'm just tired . "
tr	PRES	" Looking over the maps manually ! "
tr	PAST	Somewhere , a woman shrieked .
tr	PRES	The man , apparently not liking her response , suddenly points the gun at her .
tr	PAST	" A Painted House " He then clutched Billy by the throat and began lashing his face with the back of his right hand .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	Nate squinted against the sun .
tr	PRES	Cooper throws his head back and laughs .
tr	PAST	I sensed the evil !
tr	PRES	No one holds either title now . "
tr	PAST	Had she conjured them up and it was all just a hallucination ?
tr	PRES	His hand slides up to tangle in my hair , to pull out my elastic , because that 's what he always does .
tr	PAST	Gage touches me in a particular way that I love and a gasp escapes me .
tr	PRES	" Not safe for the girl , " Snake points out .
tr	PAST	The Rover then sped across and blocked his view .
tr	PRES	" The medicine ? "
tr	PRES	" I didn 't find ' im , Mack , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	The faint rumble of his voice .
tr	PAST	" Well , text me when you get in town and hopefully we can meet up . "
tr	PRES	" What the hell 's going on here , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Like I told you , we both received invitations to his aunt 's for dinner . "
tr	PRES	" Your next target . "
tr	PRES	A ghost of a smile passes over his lips .
tr	PRES	He giggles and then rolls to his side , propping himself up on his elbow .
tr	PAST	" Now get yourself completely dry , and put the clothes on , then your life jacket on as well , " instructed Bobby .
tr	PRES	Laila reaches over and rings the doorbell .
tr	PAST	In this case , he also violated a safety rule . "
tr	PRES	Nurse Kell holds my arm as we walk to the dining room , and the moving around actually helps me wake up a little .
tr	PRES	Besides the tight space , the whole building stank of rat poison and severe water damage .
tr	PAST	He steered her toward the small cafe in the middle of the block .
tr	PAST	The rest of the way home I pretended she wasn 't in the truck with me .
tr	PAST	Neil attributed it to years of smiling at the press and pretending things were fine when he was living with abusive gangster rejects .
tr	PRES	Probably a storm cellar . "
tr	PRES	" A crypt . "
tr	PAST	Policy dictated that he had to get it ratified by the Circle .
tr	PRES	" Apple cake , " Finn comments from the ground .
tr	PAST	They instantly reappeared higher up the vehicle .
tr	PAST	Gregor clutched Ares 's fur and just wished for the whole thing to be over .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked his scarecrow costume .
tr	PRES	" But I forgave him , and I don 't know why I would have .
tr	PAST	The yellow petals chased her , clinging to her skin .
tr	PAST	Beyond us lay conveniently labeled aisles for " cooking , " " outdoors , " and " defense . "
tr	PAST	She had volunteered to keep the kids on Sunday when Grace had to work because her shop was closed .
tr	PRES	Then , " Forgive me , Elijah .
tr	PRES	" We 'll keep the pill safe from The Program , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He stands , Marissa 's hands falling from his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Did the Mist Folk not explain to you that the game is played at every level and plane of existence ? "
tr	PAST	My cell phone buzzed .
tr	PRES	" Local thrill seeker attempts suicidal acts . "
tr	PAST	Pulling open the flaps of his coat , Marcus revealed the straining length of his c * ck within his breeches .
tr	PAST	Most were humans , two thousand of them donned in sparkling , polished full plate mail armor .
tr	PRES	Completely stunned , Timothy stares at her , his heart pounding rapidly .
tr	PRES	" I am sorry , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She marveled at the dexterity of McCall 's hands as reloaded his pistols .
tr	PRES	He really loves that dog . "
tr	PAST	The married couple proceeded forward and entered the grand hall .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over me and I realize just how much fear I was suppressing , no matter how brave a face I had put on for Phillip .
tr	PAST	The Judge dumped that case on me , but I got rid of it .
tr	PAST	The two men received their food , and when they were alone , Donny popped back up to look out the window .
tr	PAST	She freed my good arm and started on my ankles .
tr	PRES	" So ... " Sergio smirked .
tr	PAST	The word ' forever ' lingered in my mind .
tr	PRES	" Nothing definite , but I think he 's still running , and there seems seems to be some kind of interference .
tr	PRES	Just before reaching the waterline , the hoof prints suddenly stop , turning and leading away from the temple .
tr	PRES	The pilot quickly kills the engines , inducing a cascade of whines as the turbines spin down .
tr	PRES	" To steal ? "
tr	PRES	Juliette shook her head , emotion clogging her throat .
tr	PRES	" What about the cigarette butts you collected ?
tr	PAST	" He came bottom , " revealed Bryony , her grin twisting into a smirk .
tr	PAST	He tensed , waiting for the inevitable gasp of horror , even though she 'd assured him of his " animal magnetism . "
tr	PAST	The old man 's eyebrows crawled up over his forehead .
tr	PRES	A few feet and then deep blackness .
tr	PRES	" And a bunch of daggers I made by sharpening tin cans . "
tr	PRES	He whispers in my ear , " I 've been wanting to practice my stage kissing for drama class ! "
tr	PAST	" So , all this time you pretended you that you didn 't know how to skate ?
tr	PAST	Sliding the tablet into the back of his trousers , he freed both his hands to open the overhead panel .
tr	PAST	She swiped at the Coke in her lap .
tr	PRES	The electrical discharges suddenly increase and strike the dragon relentlessly causing flashes and loud thunderous cracks that reverberate around the surrounding buildings .
tr	PRES	Lamps , candles , vases , mirrors : everything was in good taste and combined attractively .
tr	PRES	A tear spills down her cheek , leaving a dark trail .
tr	PAST	She reported that the state phone system was slowly coming back on line .
tr	PRES	" It was a shock but I still was awful , " Sonia whispered in her ear , able to hug Regan back far more tightly .
tr	PRES	Mia reaches up to grab one and knocks the jug over .
tr	PRES	It 's just a few blocks down that way , " she points .
tr	PRES	" Alexandria Jaden Holt !
tr	PAST	She crouched , waiting , letting him take another step , and another .
tr	PAST	I circled the ad .
tr	PRES	A very side project .
tr	PAST	You may get sick , if you 're not already , " she chided him .
tr	PRES	Men , and gods , flow in and out and mingle . "
tr	PAST	He leaped up and began pacing the floor again .
tr	PAST	She sped up as she heard the sound of running feet .
tr	PAST	Once the meal was finished , and at the first opportunity , Tara begged Myra for assistance to get away from the others .
tr	PRES	" I must be psychic , " she teased half-heartedly .
tr	PAST	Its white rock face glowed a pale blue in the moonlight .
tr	PRES	" Blast it , Angelica , if you weren 't ... well , you 'd likely be able to call me Voss .
tr	PAST	He slapped her then grabbed her wrists and forced her arms above her head , pinning them against the window with one hand .
tr	PAST	I pinched the skin covering his abs and he squirmed .
tr	PRES	But then again , how come the Science Teacher from my dream was now showing up , taking on impossible shapes ?
tr	PRES	He points at his arm and it changes color to a metallic red .
tr	PRES	" It still belongs to Demetrius . "
tr	PRES	He offers his hand to me and I take it unquestioningly .
tr	PRES	" This must be hard for you , " I observe , reaching out to touch his arm .
tr	PRES	He just dives in . "
tr	PAST	He palmed the dominoes and slammed each one in turn , while chanting some form or other of obscenity .
tr	PAST	She motioned for him to follow her , but as soon as they rounded the building , Emma spotted a black Hummer parked at the gas pumps .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a thumb toward the scarred piano .
tr	PRES	She tries desperately to extract a single perfect memory , just one , but the shallow , rocky soil of her mind gives up nothing .
tr	PAST	Darkness crawled over its walls , barren , devoid of any good because Maggie had already taken all of it with her .
tr	PRES	That sexy mouth belongs to only me .
tr	PAST	I froze , immobilized by the blackness around me .
tr	PRES	" Last stop before we hit the Lincoln Tunnel , " the bus driver announces , pulling into a rest area .
tr	PRES	" Can you tel me what time you were born ? "
tr	PAST	Ferguson estimated that Vincent had not been within twenty miles of the front lines in his career .
tr	PAST	The birds that had been singing in the tree screeched their distress and took flight in unison .
tr	PRES	" What about you , Mr. Jacobs ?
tr	PAST	The cold flurry zipped and gnawed at our battered flesh , but neither of us seemed to notice or care .
tr	PRES	All decisions which grated the general populace the wrong way .
tr	PRES	I quickly connect to Nicholas and Kayla , but Gabriel informs me that he sees nothing to indicate that they are detecting my presence .
tr	PAST	First he braved the stairs again , trudging up to his former office .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Lila , " I mutter and then take my phone out of my pocket .
tr	PAST	He only fantasized about them . "
tr	PAST	Roaring , he created another sword of fire and swung in a circle , cutting through everyone who clustered around him .
tr	PAST	The waiters swirled around Rive Gauche , taking orders and clearing plates .
tr	PRES	We settle down , watched by our escort .
tr	PRES	" So sell your idea to them . "
tr	PAST	His lips curved in a hint of a smile .
tr	PRES	Barely misses my eyes .
tr	PRES	She just carries the gene . "
tr	PAST	Devon seized it by its throat , flinging it over his head as another one came at him .
tr	PAST	I giggled , twisting my hands behind me to do it myself .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled against my hair , burrowing deep until he 'd moved all the way into my neck .
tr	PAST	Then amended , " In proper attire " Nicole nodded , then dared , " Father also has a guest with him . "
tr	PAST	Dani elbowed me after he helped me to my feet .
tr	PRES	" Please , don 't , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Connor sensed the chink in the armor .
tr	PAST	she screeched into my face , as though it were a heinous crime that I didn 't know .
tr	PAST	Frowning , Dave leaped up and paced .
tr	PRES	He relaxes into me , as if all the tension is now seeping out of his body with my one-word answer .
tr	PAST	A figure emerged from below , all black chitin and scorched flesh , holding the blazing green blade in its hand .
tr	PRES	An expert bow for an expert archer .
tr	PAST	He skipped shaving and went downstairs .
tr	PRES	Ian freezes in place .
tr	PRES	Andrew 's voice fills with sadness .
tr	PAST	The morning dishes still in the sink .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't know , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" I am sorry , " she whispers to the tree .
tr	PRES	" Oh , thank god . "
tr	PRES	" And this , Doctor ?
tr	PRES	I lean my head back and watch Kel and his new friend sword fight with imaginary swords in the street .
tr	PAST	His eyes remained flat and blind , his fangs still extended .
tr	PAST	A creepy feeling crawled over the back of my neck , and I fidgeted with the glasses resting on my nose .
tr	PAST	Agent Ward eyed her darkly .
tr	PAST	Mike matched frequencies with the other airplane and keyed his transmitter .
tr	PRES	He slides a scrap of paper across the table toward us .
tr	PRES	I lean my shoulder against the car too , and face him .
tr	PRES	" Right , you 're just another charity case Noah 's trying to save , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	" I screwed it all up .
tr	PAST	I retort coolly , straining to keep my voice even .
tr	PRES	he whispers , reaching to stroke some hair back from my face .
tr	PAST	Stepping outside , Danvers squinted in the sunlight .
tr	PRES	He flinches when he catches me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	Jack seized the wire and pulled .
tr	PRES	" The rhythm , the privacy ... " She saw the flash of a decidedly wicked smile before she flowed across the divide , into his arms .
tr	PRES	" I believe you , " Mr. Kent states simply .
tr	PRES	Maybe that explains the tattoos .
tr	PRES	Sean sighs and stops talking .
tr	PAST	" As you say , my Lord , " she concurred , starting to feel slightly tingly from the tea .
tr	PAST	Darlene stated firmly as the trunk popped open .
tr	PAST	Once again , Jasmine described the reason for her visit and held out the picture .
tr	PRES	She stops just short of me and flips her hair off her shoulder .
tr	PAST	she squealed as she veered around a car going too slow for her taste .
tr	PAST	" Colby washed the spinach , though . "
tr	PAST	Despite my efforts to outrun it , the fog chased after us without mercy .
tr	PRES	Another minute passes before I catch a glimpse of the Murderers .
tr	PRES	' My sixteenth birthday ? '
tr	PAST	" No proof that Lilly stole anything .
tr	PRES	With a free hand she reaches into her bag and with a loud shout , Lexie slams a weapon into the demon and it explodes .
tr	PRES	His head is thrown back , his mouth agape .
tr	PRES	His eyes weaken a little .
tr	PRES	Harper holds her hand out .
tr	PAST	Something suddenly soured inside Aria , and she ducked around the corner .
tr	PRES	She leaned forward for his kiss , her eyelids fluttering down as his hand curled around her nape .
tr	PAST	Her fingers toyed with the bottle in front of her .
tr	PRES	" I assume this is important . "
tr	PAST	All of us , all nine as one , froze where we stood .
tr	PRES	The way I swim .
tr	PAST	The woman before them represented everything that their former queen had tried to avoid .
tr	PAST	" One of the senior students invented it .
tr	PAST	With that , the pilot exploded into a giant mass of veiny flesh and rammed Poltergeist in the chest , knocking him through the cornfields .
tr	PAST	Kaspar stared at the ground , arms crossed , defeated .
tr	PAST	But it bothered him that Celeste persisted in being so understanding about the whole thing .
tr	PRES	The noise causes me to simultaneously freeze and stop breathing just before I lean over and turn off the light .
tr	PRES	" Love , ha .
tr	PRES	One of them burly ones . "
tr	PAST	" Well , you got the key , " Perla stated .
tr	PRES	" Good -- bet they got ' em good ! "
tr	PAST	' With that , she withdrew leaving all gasping at the beauty of the Sword .
tr	PAST	The truck barreled toward her .
tr	PAST	Chris later reflected that the intensity of their interest in this project was directly proportional to their inability to control events related to the murder .
tr	PAST	Tommy must have sensed her looking at him , because he turned and looked up at the window , giving her a little wave .
tr	PRES	When she sees him staring at me , she taps his hand .
tr	PRES	That and some nuclear bunkers that kept the mummified head of states that forgot to bring enough food supplies .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air and gave me a more serious look .
tr	PRES	Sometimes he opens his eyes and I 'm blessed to see their blueness .
tr	PAST	I freeze , suffering .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a purple swirl lollipop .
tr	PAST	As usual , whenever Lissa came by the school , memories assaulted her , some good , some bad .
tr	PAST	Her finger itched on the trigger until logic teased , reminding her if she gunned him down in cold blood she would be no better than him .
tr	PAST	His Sapphire Jewel glowed as he tried to strike her with a bolt of power .
tr	PAST	According to the database , nobody besides you and your team swiped into your Alpha house .
tr	PRES	Over his shoulder , he glances back at me and gulps .
tr	PAST	Tires screeched and an engine roared as the car sped away .
tr	PRES	" About the comfy seating thing ? "
tr	PRES	He offers them free room and board as long as they work for him .
tr	PRES	" There are pacts that I have to make , business deals that I have to broker so to speak , with other packs .
tr	PAST	He withdrew , dropping a kiss on her nose .
tr	PRES	" ' Tis no matter , lad . "
tr	PAST	As I was getting tucked into bed , my phone vibrated , indicating I had a text .
tr	PAST	Scott stuffed the book back in then looked at the rations .
tr	PRES	Roland stops to stare me down .
tr	PRES	He throws his hand forward , and the force hits Lark and Pen , throwing them through the air .
tr	PAST	Arms crossed over her chest , she circled him in a slow perusal .
tr	PAST	Maynard fetched his kit and tossed it to Bert .
tr	PAST	It washed over him , causing that static reaction again and made him struggle hide a small shiver that raced down his back .
tr	PAST	" Mmmm , Hmmmm " , said Devonshire , doubtless with many subtle undertones that Winter missed .
tr	PAST	Underneath the scars , the woman bore a red tattoo very similar in design to Vane 's .
tr	PAST	Instead you lied , and now look what 's happened .
tr	PRES	" So spill . "
tr	PRES	And perhaps that explains one or two things .
tr	PAST	An open doorway revealed a large mess hall , where many of the guards were just sitting down to breakfast .
tr	PRES	With gas streamers running down her legs and arms .
tr	PRES	Each filament shone like a questing sunbeam .
tr	PRES	Then she flicks him on the ass with the towel too .
tr	PAST	Sloane awoke to find Chase 's arms still tight around her .
tr	PAST	From their varying heights and sizes , I calculated their purpose .
tr	PRES	She remembers class , but not anything after she left . "
tr	PAST	And for the next fifteen minutes , he tickled her as she rolled on the floor and grunted in deep satisfaction .
tr	PAST	I fetched them myself from the kitchen .
tr	PRES	And he owes it to my brothers to try to be some kind of father .
tr	PRES	Then I solve the problem .
tr	PAST	Marcus slapped some money down and took our drinks .
tr	PRES	All the stories about magical creatures originated here .
tr	PRES	Everyone whipped their heads around and stared at her .
tr	PAST	One clipped Alex 's ear sending him spinning sideways and over a twisted desk .
tr	PRES	I recall one saying that no daughter of hers could ever stoop so low . "
tr	PRES	And Elena wil kil me !
tr	PRES	I shout , hugging the wall and making a sharp right turn to avoid the pod .
tr	PRES	" His niece . "
tr	PRES	" Flippin ' heck ! "
tr	PAST	Before she gave herself time to think about it , she stuffed the worms in her mouth .
tr	PAST	Harper busted through the large wooden doors , out into the sun .
tr	PAST	As usual , Russ pretended to be oblivious to his reluctance and kept pushing .
tr	PRES	Jimmy mumbled something and went outside to let his disappointment smolder on the beach .
tr	PAST	She matched his stare .
tr	PRES	Peter 's room was empty , his bed unmade .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	She extended it to me and held that position , looking at me .
tr	PRES	Finger prints : tented arches ... " " Look , there 's been a mistake .
tr	PRES	Cole disappears from the room .
tr	PRES	Running down my shoulder to my waist , he slowly brings them up to rest just below my bra .
tr	PRES	" Of a personal nature , mum . "
tr	PRES	He allows his emotions , for once , to show , and lays into his colleague with no remorse .
tr	PRES	" Vincent -- " " Natalie . "
tr	PRES	he whispers , his voice still filling my dreams .
tr	PAST	So instead , she just dreamed .
tr	PRES	I mean , what kind of asshole snaps at the only person who helps him live when he 's dying ?
tr	PAST	Yet to her dismay , he withdrew two paces from her .
tr	PRES	What he saw enraged him .
tr	PAST	" It cannot be , " Gregori denied .
tr	PAST	Zoey clasped her boomerang in her right hand and waited .
tr	PRES	Ice freezes across my body .
tr	PAST	She fanned herself instead of coming up with words .
tr	PAST	He unzipped his tunic and threw it down , too .
tr	PRES	If he didn 't kill to survive , did he just prey on unsuspecting women ?
tr	PAST	VIII When Alexander returned some time later , two guards accompanied him instead of one .
tr	PAST	" That bothered me as well . "
tr	PAST	Ahead , the road curved to the left .
tr	PRES	He remembers nothing as do the rest of the humans at the hospital .
tr	PRES	The sliding door opens behind us and two strong hands clamp over my shoulders .
tr	PRES	She opens the door wider and I push my way in .
tr	PRES	" Well , um ... " I couldn 't lie to her .
tr	PAST	When asked if it were a boy or a girl , Jack stated he would be happy with either .
tr	PAST	* * * Sam , in his winter coat and tie , barged into the house 's entrance .
tr	PRES	The farther up the wall of that gorge they come , the more dirt , gravel , boulders and such they 're going to need .
tr	PAST	I pitched my voice to carry .
tr	PAST	" It 's allright , " she crooned .
tr	PRES	" Thy captain be good to ye and thy children . "
tr	PRES	" Whoever pays me . "
tr	PRES	" Your niece ? "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and concentrated harder .
tr	PRES	" It sounds , sir , " one of the commissioners said , " as if you have already chosen yourself tsar . "
tr	PRES	" Glad you 're home , " I mumbled against him .
tr	PAST	He regarded her without speaking .
tr	PAST	I chased leads all yesterday , but he was running like a rat from one hole in Atlanta to another because someone else was after him .
tr	PRES	My dad joins me a moment later .
tr	PAST	T is time to leave , " Cullen announced as he reached them .
tr	PRES	Jane sighs and lets go of me .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , good idea , " Tyler mumbled .
tr	PAST	She doubted he had any idea what was happening to her ; it was just a coincidence .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on my bed and bawled like a baby .
tr	PRES	" The stench of death lies heavy on the air . "
tr	PAST	Rita dreamed of being chased again .
tr	PAST	I scampered to the middle of it , my arm out , palm up to him .
tr	PAST	He smacked my butt playfully with his other hand , making me squeal .
tr	PRES	he bellows down the phone , barely letting me finish .
tr	PRES	The moon shimmers in the sky , half hidden behind dark clouds that slowly march across the heavens .
tr	PRES	Then another snap but to the right this time .
tr	PRES	After a quick briefing on what to do in the event the plane crashed , the pilot revved the engines .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Jane to come closer .
tr	PRES	" Your people have always set your sights high , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Freeing her face from the scarf , Mrs. Partridge groped for her gun and did not find it .
tr	PRES	Their fangs snap out as we move deeper into the sand hills .
tr	PAST	She tipped her blonde head and accepted his kiss on her cheek with grace .
tr	PAST	Crawley nearly tipped the Sheriff off the bed with the force he imported on the frame .
tr	PRES	I scramble back and tug his comforter down enough that I can slide between the sheets .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	They drag their belts in lines across the floor , their oily black tongues sliding over the edges of their dark mouths .
tr	PAST	Her heart slowed a little .
tr	PRES	He remembers the faces of those who didn 't , panicked and wounded , eaten by the churning harbour .
tr	PAST	His legs immediately ejected him back up like a pair of powerful spring shocks .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , and upon exhaling let slip out the words , " I saw Mom . "
tr	PAST	Both men automatically reloaded as they scanned the water .
tr	PRES	" The Queen and her invitees await your presence . "
tr	PAST	I flicked through the rest of the article but couldn 't take my eyes off the first paragraph .
tr	PRES	And the ones closest to me ... " She looked at Chloe .
tr	PAST	He preferred spending his time fishing with Mr. Cottonwood or traveling with him into Mobile .
tr	PRES	I blurt out , hurrying toward the door .
tr	PRES	Her two decades of experience as an investigator provide her characters with a depth and realism that gives truth a run for its money .
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , the rest of the police spread throughout the house , accompanied by muffled bangs and shouts .
tr	PAST	He eyed the black , ragged fingernail drawing closer to his chest .
tr	PAST	Even though my eyes hurt like hellfire , I squinted through the smoke and located Icarus a couple of feet away .
tr	PRES	Lies , all lies .
tr	PAST	Cameron seized her wrist in an impossibly strong grip .
tr	PAST	" But you 're totally missing the point , " he objects , restlessly tapping his pen against the side of his seat .
tr	PAST	Two giant , fat legs supported a massive head and body that swung from side to side .
tr	PAST	She doubted anyone knew where they were , but , better safe than sorry .
tr	PAST	" Sophia , " he rasped as she reached the rippling muscles of his lower stomach .
tr	PRES	Hint , hint . "
tr	PAST	" You never visited ... you never came into my room .
tr	PAST	He , Cindy , Nick , and Sheen barreled off into the sky , and straight towards a seemingly impenetrable wall of asteroids .
tr	PAST	Liz hopped out of bed and scurried to the open doorway .
tr	PRES	" Paul , Julianne , why don 't you come with me .
tr	PAST	Julia hastily unbuttoned his shirt , pushing it aside so she could run her hands over his muscular chest and down his rock-hard abs .
tr	PAST	Ilona almost screeched , so great was her sense of betrayal .
tr	PRES	Leo tries to open a door that appears locked .
tr	PRES	" Must His Majesty observe ? "
tr	PAST	The energy building heightened her senses , drove the heat through her until she felt liquid and needy .
tr	PRES	Pop-Tarts and fruit snacks that don 't even taste like fruit .
tr	PAST	I caressed the scar on his hand and snuck in as many kisses as I could before nightfall .
tr	PAST	The creature grunted and snored .
tr	PAST	Ava extended her thin arm across the back of the couch and Honor snuggled right in .
tr	PRES	I detect he may be alluding to his own past , but I decide to leave it alone .
tr	PRES	" Give it time , " Dina mutters .
tr	PAST	Inez stiffened , understanding at once .
tr	PAST	Like one big extended happy family .
tr	PAST	She accused herself of awakening the wrath of the powers with her Conversations book ; she believes she killed her father with it .
tr	PAST	A wicked grin curved his mouth .
tr	PRES	A woman opens her mouth to speak , but I quell her with a look .
tr	PAST	" Good , " Alma exclaimed .
tr	PAST	I appointed them for that , and they don 't forget it .
tr	PAST	Three more victims fitting his MO were identified across state lines . "
tr	PRES	He mumbled under his breath and he cursed .
tr	PRES	She exhales in full relief .
tr	PAST	Paul withdrew his radio and watched as Adam sped off in the opposite direction to Rick and Abbey .
tr	PAST	Our assailant 's head smacked against the step with a thud and he slid back down the steps , befuddled .
tr	PAST	Debating about how to approach them and what to say , her purse clipped a bag of cough drops that landed to the floor with a thud .
tr	PAST	Stacy doubted that Libby was even looking for a life partner .
tr	PRES	But it disappears , and he takes a tentative step closer to Nathan .
tr	PRES	" About this skipping Christmas business . "
tr	PAST	Racer crouched at Severance 's feet , still weeping .
tr	PRES	" I overreacted . "
tr	PAST	Her foot taps an anxious rhythm on the floor .
tr	PAST	Ethan propped himself against the pillows .
tr	PAST	She engaged in the battle . "
tr	PRES	" Now we 'll make it better , " Jase vows , and begins to kiss me again as he starts to move in a rhythm .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PRES	" Man sees a woman walking down the street or across a crowded dance floor , beautiful or not he looks .
tr	PRES	She loves him too , but her father doesn 't approve .
tr	PRES	" Let me in , " he said , his voice terse , his eyes intense .
tr	PAST	He treated his men with respect and paid them top wages .
tr	PRES	I recall the ritual ceremony in vivid detail .
tr	PAST	He received a glare when he sat down , sipping it in front of Joseph .
tr	PRES	Cas exhales and runs his hand through his long brown hair .
tr	PAST	" Okay , yes , I lied .
tr	PAST	As Meg 's eyes dipped in sympathy , I redirected my attention out the window .
tr	PAST	The most desired and feared creature in the world .
tr	PAST	Just down the alley a piercing scream split the night air , making Gideon stiffen with warning .
tr	PRES	He points over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Jax , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He limped and I thought for some reason , this to be a result of the process that had brought him here .
tr	PRES	He glides his fingers against my skin causing an addictive tingling .
tr	PRES	Please describe it to us . "
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PRES	' She protects Eleanor as if Eleanor were a child .
tr	PAST	They slowed to a canter when they reached the Demos road .
tr	PAST	" George Chapman helped me get the papers pushed through , " Corinne named the Grand Master before Weldon Harper .
tr	PRES	He quickly screws the vent back into place , returns the vacuum , steps over to the room 's single lightbulb .
tr	PRES	The kind whose reaction to my ability would definitely be ... unpredictable .
tr	PRES	It begins to wrap itself around my body .
tr	PRES	He mumbled , " Mica ?
tr	PAST	She sought only to be herself .
tr	PAST	She hooted in pure denigration .
tr	PAST	Her mother never remarried since her father left .
tr	PRES	Brielle offers rushing back to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	He practical y bounced .
tr	PRES	Dante reaches for me immediately .
tr	PRES	" Dad , " I plead , but I don 't know what else to add to that .
tr	PRES	As if to prove it to me that it can be done , Dad picks up a knife and in one swift motion , throws it .
tr	PRES	He immediately sheds his jacket and hands it to me .
tr	PRES	Uncle Jack swears they left Florida with the stuff , but they came back empty handed .
tr	PAST	She cringed in the seat , trying to put distance between them , the tears streaming down her face .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	And then I - " " Shh . "
tr	PRES	He glances at me and I see something in his eyes I don 't like .
tr	PRES	" Look , Becks .
tr	PAST	So if we fail , we come home with nothing , " Delilah advised .
tr	PRES	Fifty-two years before the Colonies ' destruction - The revolution of the Colonies ' mechanical servants begins and lasts for twelve years .
tr	PAST	Once more he leapt into motion , his pace more clipped .
tr	PAST	Covered in blood and his shredded clothes , he motioned to the rest of the vamps .
tr	PAST	The professor provided all the money and did all the brain work .
tr	PRES	He whispers to me of all the things he will do to my body with his blade .
tr	PRES	She was clinging to him , her heart racing , her nails digging into his back .
tr	PAST	In this house I chanced to find a volume of the works of Cornelius Agrippa .
tr	PAST	Anger vibrated through her .
tr	PRES	But though they use him and pay him they regard him as human vermin .
tr	PRES	" Mr. President ? "
tr	PRES	Logan twitches his brows and gives a small shrug .
tr	PRES	She holds up a ladle .
tr	PAST	The idea cheered her .
tr	PRES	" The plane isn 't working right , " she explains .
tr	PAST	He instructed Jack to make the thrusts necessary to put the ship back on course , putting Hades back on its return trajectory .
tr	PAST	Then she bore down on me , clamping her teeth down on my neck .
tr	PRES	Charlie begins rifling through her backpack , inspecting item after item .
tr	PRES	So if you call him he talks to you with his cordless phones and meanwhile he races , from the kitchen to the bathroom and back .
tr	PRES	Frustrated by his unexpected degree of skill , Less throws two daggers at once , knowing one of them must hit the mark .
tr	PAST	The blue man adjusted the mirror and glanced to the backseat , his oversize eyes filling the glass .
tr	PAST	Phelps handled the win gracefully .
tr	PAST	Above us , giant windows of fabulous lofts glowed .
tr	PAST	At least not until one visited the Elysian Fields , where good souls were sent to live out their eternity in paradise .
tr	PAST	Ainsley rather doubted that .
tr	PRES	I HAVE MORE POWER THAN YOU CAN IMAGINE .
tr	PAST	She cringed at the thought .
tr	PAST	Alistair Tillman exclaimed , slapping the table enthusiastically .
tr	PAST	The young man cringed .
tr	PRES	" Screw you , " I mumbled in her general direction .
tr	PRES	" From Brimstone . "
tr	PRES	A bored voice sings .
tr	PAST	Olivia 's hands flattened on the table .
tr	PAST	He 'd never dared to , but now there was no choice .
tr	PRES	He loves me so much .
tr	PAST	Then he presses his head against my chest , breathing in and out as I wrap my arms around his head .
tr	PRES	All the life and beauty belong to me , and people like me .
tr	PRES	The sting was the phrase ' tends to be outspoken and inflexible in his views ' tacked on at the end .
tr	PRES	Nan presses her index finger into the wax of a candle shaped like Stony Bay Lighthouse .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I parked near the club and called Sophia .
tr	PAST	" I love you so much , " Ricky announced .
tr	PRES	It carries the blessing of Pope Innocent the First .
tr	PAST	The doll gently reclined on it .
tr	PRES	Daddy hates the Dallas Cowboys . "
tr	PAST	Carol leaped back , her eyes startled , her breathing harsh and uneven .
tr	PAST	You solved the mystery of the Gospel .
tr	PAST	Besides , they 'd already balked when she 'd asked .
tr	PRES	She flips the page and points at a white dress .
tr	PAST	" The Gate has changed hands many times over the centuries , " Jonas related .
tr	PAST	I approved the use of the patches .
tr	PRES	" You 're almost ready , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" My hero . "
tr	PAST	The hippo charged , half swimming , half running along the bottom .
tr	PAST	He plopped onto a seat at the table .
tr	PAST	The astrologers accused Og 's loyal subjects of treason and praised his enemies .
tr	PAST	Their eyes dimmed in annoyance as this warrior head evaded their deadly blows .
tr	PAST	She blamed it on the drawn-out foreplay of the day , his scent , his heat , his unique flavor .
tr	PRES	It helps you get by on the street .
tr	PAST	Straightening his legs to the floor of the car , he adjusted his jeans .
tr	PRES	" Here , " Bex said , pul ing a handgun from the back of his pants .
tr	PRES	When he whispers three I snap the bracelet around his wrist , and he does the same with mine .
tr	PRES	" How come whenever a buttered piece of bread is flipped in the air , it always falls on the buttered side . "
tr	PAST	Razor screeched and flickered from sight , going in and out like a bad television station .
tr	PAST	Unless they didn 't make it out before the full moon ... He immediately stifled that thought .
tr	PRES	" So your family punished you with a vulnerability that gave men control of your body ?
tr	PRES	" Usually you scoff your food before anyone anyway . "
tr	PAST	Laughter representing our futures guides us to a streetlight .
tr	PAST	Slowly he unfolded and tried to sit up .
tr	PAST	Mr. Long jabbed the butt of the shotgun into his forehead -- whack -- and he flopped back to the ground and lay still .
tr	PRES	" Did you connect to a feed ? "
tr	PAST	Not only was there a fifth floor which the boy never even heard of , those rumored underground floors proved to be true as well .
tr	PRES	He touches his eye reflexively .
tr	PAST	She wavered , though , as she thought of the questions that would be raised .
tr	PRES	" A solid eight . "
tr	PAST	I eyed the clock on the wall .
tr	PAST	The song featured a slow beat , as if Mr. Hardiman was testing me with an easy pace first .
tr	PRES	The Prince and I await Wallace 's return to plan the battle .
tr	PAST	Another memory fragment floated to the surface and took Joey 's breath away .
tr	PAST	" We know more than you realize , " Bible Guy announced proudly .
tr	PRES	" All right , " Adam called to the room , " Back to business .
tr	PAST	The floor of the room split down the middle , tearing the carpet and splintering the floorboards .
tr	PAST	His gaze riveted toward the voice .
tr	PRES	' And all this way without a single setback .
tr	PAST	They churned out straight ahead blues with all the enthusiasm of a dentist waiting room .
tr	PAST	Not that she usually approved of such ... such subjective morality .
tr	PAST	Groth proceeded to gather the dwarves .
tr	PAST	I trudged towards the towering , gray brick monstrosity that was Shelby High .
tr	PRES	When my fingers roll over my clit , my head falls back on his shoulder , my mouth finds his , and then I explode .
tr	PAST	A ding , ding , ding sound bounced off the walls and brought everyone to attention .
tr	PAST	Ben untied one corner of the tarp .
tr	PRES	Turns out she actually loves that monster to the exclusion of all others .
tr	PRES	I fold her panties down so that I can see the tops of her butt cheeks .
tr	PRES	" What remains of your forces ? "
tr	PRES	Nick gripped the back of his neck , pul ing their faces closer .
tr	PRES	She disappears between racks of clothes that are taller than she is , and I scramble to catch up .
tr	PRES	Does it involve a ritual bonding ceremony or anything of that nature ? "
tr	PAST	He certainly desired and could afford the very best .
tr	PRES	It tastes like another lie .
tr	PAST	Her fingers tugged through my hair , stroking repeatedly , and my body slowly started calming down .
tr	PAST	You received a sentence .
tr	PRES	He holds out his elbow .
tr	PAST	Before she could hop out , he braced a hand on the roof over her head .
tr	PAST	" Ooo , " she squealed .
tr	PRES	He will get on with his life , he announces ; he will still be a sailing Master .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	The bottle exploded into shards of glass and a spray of rum .
tr	PRES	" They worship the Darkness incarnate .
tr	PRES	His brow rises slightly , and his arms unfold .
tr	PAST	She slapped him on the arm .
tr	PAST	The animal nuzzled into my hand and I turned to smile at the others .
tr	PRES	So you rip them up and toss them skyward .
tr	PAST	Amara eyed him , smiling a little .
tr	PAST	" Excuse me for a minute , Jess , " I mumbled , pulling my arm away .
tr	PRES	" Even now , they still exist , mostly in places like Brazil or South America , where there are woods to make their habitats . "
tr	PRES	Stefan loves hearing himself talk .
tr	PRES	He pushes me under when he catches me and I suddenly discover that I 'm more competitive than I had earlier imagined and I try to retaliate .
tr	PAST	Some vomited when they saw what remained of the city .
tr	PAST	No monsters awaited him .
tr	PAST	His eyes zeroed in on hers .
tr	PRES	And then he whispers , " Afraid ? "
tr	PRES	" Admit defeat , Danny , " teased Mac .
tr	PRES	" I disagree ; as long as they can wake up from your little trance again then they are not fully defeated . "
tr	PRES	" Fool me once , shame on you .
tr	PAST	Beer Breath stormed off , leaving Finn and me alone on the porch .
tr	PRES	" And he really loves me . "
tr	PAST	Light glowed from inside the hood .
tr	PAST	As he lay in bed that night reviewing the day , Gene experienced a satisfying smugness .
tr	PAST	She cringed and hung on him as he began to climb .
tr	PAST	He waddled to Haley and turned down an inspecting nose .
tr	PAST	He stiffened just a little , angling his chin so it sat further away from the top of my head .
tr	PAST	When he looked up the taller human was standing over him , hand outstretched .
tr	PAST	His eyes dared her to .
tr	PRES	Now Zuzana sighed and said , " Fine .
tr	PRES	" You sing ? "
tr	PAST	Nothing dimmed or dulled it .
tr	PRES	" Not breezes or puffs of air . "
tr	PAST	I replaced it with a little clunk on the bedside table .
tr	PRES	Crisp juice flows over her chin as the hard sound fills the air with light .
tr	PAST	As Leo watched , the seed split open .
tr	PAST	He defeated the invaders by vanquishing their immortal , inhuman master .
tr	PAST	The force of his whisper caressed over her .
tr	PAST	The Court scribbled his sentence on the parchment , and then picked up his stamp .
tr	PAST	South of the store , I proceeded on down the main street .
tr	PAST	" While I was waiting , something triggered my memory .
tr	PAST	Zeke trusted his men with everything , and because of that , he made sure to treat them with respect .
tr	PRES	Watching your world has allows us to learn new things .
tr	PAST	" When the constable came to tell me of the carriage accident that took them both , I wept .
tr	PRES	I wince from the word leaving his mouth and hate how he inclines his head in pity as he notices the weakness .
tr	PAST	My memory resurrected his words .
tr	PRES	" His touch kills ?
tr	PAST	Finally the men ambled off the scaffold , giving me a clear view of the slave .
tr	PRES	Zander presses against my blockade , and I forget about Ivy .
tr	PRES	" You will not be touching me again , I vow . "
tr	PRES	" Jesus , " he mumbled and I watched in fascination as his eyes got dark .
tr	PAST	The car sped away , leaving a trail of burnt rubber in its wake .
tr	PAST	" Bigger than the Western Tribes descending upon us as we speak ?
tr	PRES	" It fits . "
tr	PRES	His nostrils flare and light flashes in the dark , glittering eyes .
tr	PAST	When the killings started up again , the police felt so much pressure to solve the case , they transferred that pressure to us , including Danny .
tr	PRES	All of you -- " He glances around the room .
tr	PAST	The two lieutenants lounged on crates while I addressed them .
tr	PAST	His thumb circled and teased one of her nipples until it was hard and begging for his mouth .
tr	PAST	He inches closer to me on the bed .
tr	PRES	" Mihai , " she growled , baring her fangs , and swung around to face him .
tr	PAST	He taps his fingers on the table .
tr	PAST	The madness invaded their minds as they hurried to the house where Toni 's mom used to live .
tr	PRES	" Kathy Turner . "
tr	PAST	He attempted to scream but couldn 't get out more than a murmur of a sound .
tr	PRES	Then she sees my neck .
tr	PRES	In a blaze of lightening shades of purple , mauve and orange , the sun rises on the far horizon , reflecting the sharp glint of steel .
tr	PAST	Reaching into his pocket , he produced a thin strip of wire .
tr	PAST	She clutched Ogg 's arm .
tr	PRES	A faint echo of the panic she had experienced earlier shot through Verity .
tr	PAST	The moonwalk entrance flapped open and kids began pouring out .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and took it .
tr	PRES	" Son of a bitch , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Was it terrifying ? "
tr	PAST	Jules squealed and burst out laughing .
tr	PAST	Alfred shuffled out the door , thinking perhaps this was just a game of cat and mouse .
tr	PRES	Griffin stops and looks in .
tr	PRES	He hates closing down businesses , but sometimes he has to .
tr	PAST	I motioned between them , because words were useless when it came to describing their obvious connection .
tr	PAST	she screeched , struggling to her feet .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and runs her fingers through my hair .
tr	PAST	The front door 's alarm chimed , indicating someone had opened the door .
tr	PRES	The bald scalp shone in the weak light , revealing sutured scars and wired electrodes snaking into the skull .
tr	PAST	More surprises awaited her .
tr	PAST	It exploded with a festive fizzing sound , and he began pouring glasses .
tr	PRES	" Whenever you 're ready , ladies . "
tr	PAST	George promptly claimed that but Henry took over the original one .
tr	PAST	She stormed past her guard , barely giving him the time to move out of the way .
tr	PRES	As he begins to realize it was only a nightmare it suddenly dawns on him that the day has arrived for him to face the monster again .
tr	PRES	The Pit sings in you , and its song is beautiful .
tr	PAST	She 's been pissed at me since my editor named my column Miranda Eats .
tr	PRES	" Well ... " " Duncan ? "
tr	PRES	" Nothing , this just brings back memories . "
tr	PAST	" She feared that the standard repositories of knowledge were imperiled . "
tr	PRES	" So we 're just staying here for the night , " I assume .
tr	PRES	Then he wraps his arms around me and pulls me in for a kiss .
tr	PRES	" Did they really sell this wine here ? "
tr	PRES	Because the logical side of me sees nothing less .
tr	PRES	Great , Saylor , way ' ta add a stutter to really show him how much he affects you .
tr	PAST	Alexi stormed out of the room as panic increased .
tr	PAST	Pauling dimmed the lights and lit a candle and called out for Indian food .
tr	PAST	Scrambling sounds diminished as the tall man retreated .
tr	PRES	She never wears anything after midnight . "
tr	PAST	Though Mimi had been slouching , suddenly she stiffened .
tr	PAST	He crouched down , shoving his face close to mine .
tr	PRES	A hump lies over its back making it look like some mutated grizzly .
tr	PRES	He points to the other one .
tr	PRES	" What sings the princess , what sings ? "
tr	PAST	He then retreated a step and pushed it shut .
tr	PAST	Simon nearly bounced out of the room .
tr	PAST	She dared to tell the king that it was he who was barren , not the women .
tr	PRES	He frowns as he walks beside me .
tr	PAST	The voice floated up from the hall , and at the same time the background noise subsided like a bad souffle .
tr	PRES	My head bangs against the inside of the cab , it strikes my fellow passengers , we break each others noses , we crack each others ribs .
tr	PAST	Carefully , gingerly , I cleaned the blood from his knuckles , coaxing the towel along sinew and bone .
tr	PAST	As seconds ticked into minutes the tears slowed , but her throat was raw and cracked from smoke and distress .
tr	PAST	" Oh , my ... " He turned one of the chopsticks to face the candle , then slowly rotated the pyramid .
tr	PAST	I denied it strongly , feeling myself getting angry .
tr	PAST	" Randall , your mother attempted murder tonight , against someone we thought she cared for .
tr	PRES	So , without taking my eyes off her , I stoop , grab Art and awkwardly hold him up behind my back .
tr	PAST	He groped for her in the dark .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you a fledgling ? "
tr	PRES	He glares into the phone .
tr	PAST	A mutt named Lucifer . "
tr	PRES	" I recall you turning me down .
tr	PRES	He ´ s got wavy , light brown hair and his eyes resemble that of the sky .
tr	PRES	" My captain ? "
tr	PRES	Max holds drinks in his hands .
tr	PAST	Chapter 12 Carol dreaded the mornings .
tr	PAST	Lissa awoke to the feel of him sliding away from her and out of bed just as the sun began to creep through the window .
tr	PAST	After slipping them on , he extracted the Jiffy bag .
tr	PRES	And a photo . "
tr	PAST	She shrank back , terrified .
tr	PRES	Nearly six and a half feet , his body shone brighter than any star in the sky or light on the Strip .
tr	PAST	I shrieked involuntarily , knocked to my right , off my feet .
tr	PRES	" I ruined your tie . "
tr	PAST	A man in purple windbreaker pants and a sweatshirt emerged from a side door .
tr	PAST	The boys braced themselves for a surprise , but found an almost ordinary hallway on the other side .
tr	PAST	He feared confronting any of them .
tr	PRES	" Dean , I just think that ... " " Say it ! "
tr	PRES	" Sounds lonely , especially compared to the overdose of family I 've had . "
tr	PAST	His desecrated body with the massive figure " 8 " carved into his little chest .
tr	PAST	They trusted and worshipped a leader who would not betray that trust or take advantage of the people 's affection .
tr	PRES	Morgan pushes the door open without knocking .
tr	PRES	He stops , drops to his elbows .
tr	PRES	Faces and names and events that he could not remember or relish or even scorn .
tr	PAST	She cocked her ear .
tr	PRES	* When the carriage finally stopped , purple and gray painted the twilight sky .
tr	PAST	I reciprocate , promising it all right back to him , and he accepts it with the trust that only a man in love can give .
tr	PAST	His arms draped over her shoulders , their hips still grazing a tantalizing dance against each other as his libido defied his reason .
tr	PAST	Her breathing sped , as did the hand between her legs .
tr	PAST	He crawled several feet from the edge , rolled over , and collapsed on the gravelly ground .
tr	PRES	" You deaf ? "
tr	PRES	" I told you not to worry , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" You shouldn 't let yourself cry , " he murmurs quietly .
tr	PRES	It cal s to me , and you haven 't even changed yet .
tr	PRES	They chuckle and clink glasses .
tr	PRES	The firm 's publicity rep owes me big time . "
tr	PAST	What replaced it was hard and guarded .
tr	PRES	Snake offers her another towel .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	" We don 't know , " Crewe states .
tr	PAST	Jonathan hauled himself over , his muscles straining .
tr	PRES	Kiersten stands up and takes her plate to the sink .
tr	PAST	" Indeed , " Silence abandoned his meditations and joined the conversation .
tr	PAST	" Hi , stooge , " intruded a new voice behind her .
tr	PAST	" We 're going to Port Hope , " he lied , talking quickly as they walked .
tr	PAST	Since she was named after a flower , she named him after another plant .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through my hair , curling it gently around his fingers .
tr	PRES	" Like the wind , Bonnie ! "
tr	PAST	" I have a question , " he announced .
tr	PRES	She just likes to take care of her friends .
tr	PAST	I sobbed and skipped away .
tr	PRES	" You old slut ! "
tr	PAST	The elevator zipped us to the top floor , and a female voice announced " Penthouse suite " as the doors shushed open .
tr	PAST	Like bubbles in a pond , the twelve rounded domes fused into one great city .
tr	PAST	I feared I lost you .
tr	PRES	" We 'll have time to fit a sleep in while we are waiting for you , " teased Dryden .
tr	PRES	Jez flicks the sawdust from his chest , " It 's Che Guevara . "
tr	PAST	Placing her on the wood , James stripped out of his capris pants and lifted up her dress .
tr	PRES	" Waiting to feed the prisoner , master . "
tr	PAST	As I neared the property , I sensed that something was wrong .
tr	PRES	He holds the sketch pad in front of us .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply , praying that I wasn 't just making things worse .
tr	PAST	" I show it , " Samantha stated , but even the words sounded stale and forced .
tr	PRES	I bury my face in my hands and wail , letting the sobs rock me for a long time until I can 't cry anymore .
tr	PRES	Even knowing that , the picture on the front page causes my breath to catch .
tr	PAST	Cavendish , who had used his lifelong fortune to support father 's cause , fled the north from ship and escaped to France .
tr	PAST	Mentally , she slapped herself and rolled up her sleeves , trying , through her haze of tears , to be brave .
tr	PRES	He pops a fry in his mouth and speaks as he chews .
tr	PRES	Well , more than a hint .
tr	PRES	Playing pool helps me relax when I can 't sleep . '
tr	PAST	He bore the responsibility of it all -- their escape , the future repercussions .
tr	PRES	She lies perfectly still as I lap up all the salt .
tr	PRES	Smoke rises from the blackened earth where a fire had recently burned .
tr	PAST	Reed seized the opportunity .
tr	PAST	The sensation of the reassuring warmth of his arm pressed to hers lingered .
tr	PAST	The paramedics abandoned the gurney and pulled a backboard from the ambulance .
tr	PRES	A constant thread that wove its way around my trepidation .
tr	PAST	His body plunged wildly into hers as she drank from him .
tr	PAST	They meandered in silence , while sharing the contentment that is born of true love .
tr	PRES	' Kinda scary . '
tr	PRES	He flips it over and repeats it on the other side .
tr	PAST	That triggered us to rise up . "
tr	PAST	My body tensed and my hands clenched , prepared to fight .
tr	PRES	" Moving on , I rate your customer service over the past year as adequate as well .
tr	PAST	Her phone beeped again .
tr	PRES	An ambulance and several police cars were parked across the street , their lights silently blinking red and blue .
tr	PRES	Angelina expertly wove the long strands of spaghetti around the tines of her fork .
tr	PAST	He unwound his arms from me and raised up enough to see my face .
tr	PAST	She skipped out of him and surfed her way back to the stage .
tr	PAST	The minute he walked in the door , five keepers commenced a thorough search that had all three convicts down to their drawers in no time .
tr	PAST	Instead of one of the fast food restaurants , I opted for one of the local diners .
tr	PAST	( She dismissed Father 's playful remark that no gargoyle was ever as fetching . )
tr	PAST	He wouldn 't have thanked you for killing Royce and Beatrice . "
tr	PRES	As a master monitors his apprentice .
tr	PRES	" Caleb figures when we die , our blood loses its oxygen .
tr	PAST	" You enjoy this , " she accused , trying to ignore how infectious his excitement was .
tr	PRES	And my heart stops .
tr	PAST	he lanced at her .
tr	PRES	I tackle the nearest rabbit , pinning it down by its shoulders .
tr	PRES	The beast reaches out a giant , clawed hand .
tr	PAST	Straining against the heat flowing against her body wherever it touched his , she gritted her teeth , terrified of what she was now feeling .
tr	PRES	April climbs down , stopping just above where Kent stands .
tr	PAST	Jewels adorned almost every free spot : fingers , wrists , neck , ears , and hair .
tr	PAST	She giggled at the stupidity of the joke , the situation , and intoxication .
tr	PAST	Removing the rubber band that secured it in a roll , he unwound the paper , scanning the top of the front page .
tr	PAST	He handled the little sports car with confidence , steadily making his way to the freeway .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue , " Carolina states cheerily .
tr	PAST	He treated me to one of his bright smiles , and that only made everything worse .
tr	PAST	The silence in the air around them lingered for a few seconds , and then Mantra heaved a slow , deep breath .
tr	PRES	He lets me drive it when he 's off work . "
tr	PAST	Claire smacked his arm .
tr	PRES	" They overcome the thorns . "
tr	PAST	" You handled yourselves well there , guys .
tr	PRES	It tastes almost like chicken .
tr	PRES	he roars down at me .
tr	PAST	She hopped out of the truck , nearly twisting her ankle in the process , and stepped aside so Rocco could do the same .
tr	PRES	" Something that could help us identify her as the chief of police 's wife . "
tr	PAST	Settling between her thighs , he hauled one of her legs up over his hip , opening her wide to him .
tr	PRES	" We do not think it is possible to kill Death , " Raz murmurs .
tr	PRES	The place collects suicidal souls .
tr	PAST	I emailed the details to Erling , well aware your approval would be required , down to the last attendee and item of discussion . "
tr	PAST	The storm merged with the wild pounding rhythm of their bodies .
tr	PAST	She slowed , her feet dragging and despite her fear she looked back .
tr	PRES	" No , " I protest .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and strolled back to the car .
tr	PRES	" The infusion of dark masters into our world . "
tr	PRES	I wipe my eyes , wishing I could bring myself to look at Gramps .
tr	PAST	We exit into the midday sun and are immediately hit with a wall of noise , people talking , car horns blaring .
tr	PAST	Now , if he was right , he pondered , that was where his two adversaries would await their target .
tr	PRES	" Holy Jesus ! "
tr	PAST	Him too she stole the life from .
tr	PRES	So that kind of explains why no one ever brings it up . "
tr	PAST	She willed herself to do something to calm him down .
tr	PAST	He served as back-up to Section Leader Nathaniel .
tr	PRES	He slides into his seat and cranks the car , then turns in his seat and faces me .
tr	PAST	Jenny slapped him on the shoulder just before she and John got into the launch with some of the other passengers and started for the island .
tr	PRES	" Your father tries to get more things .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , that pretty much sums it up .
tr	PRES	But the pleasure spiked inside me , propel ing me forward .
tr	PRES	If not examined too closely , it passes for justice .
tr	PRES	Her smile fades instantly .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and pulls away a lock of my hair that has gotten stuck in the mess around my eye .
tr	PRES	" It explains everything .
tr	PAST	Nellie While I was out at a local book festival I received a text .
tr	PRES	" It helps give me energy .
tr	PRES	Correcting my statement comforts her , but only because she knows I mean it .
tr	PRES	His smile flashes in the gathering dark as his eyebrows lift , but he climbs carefully in as I lock my bedroom door .
tr	PAST	She crouched beside him and pointed to the molars .
tr	PAST	His fingers casually strummed the arm of the chair .
tr	PAST	The bar staff froze for a second before the one nearest to her , the one who had tried to engage her in conversation , groaned .
tr	PRES	Instead , his silence draws them out , forces them to meet him .
tr	PAST	Hell hath no fury like a Plymouth Fury !
tr	PRES	Stave slew the closest three spiders without slowing .
tr	PAST	" Twenty-seven , " I mumbled , trying to lie , changing my mind , then sounding like I had anyway .
tr	PAST	Your father leaped to mind , but you don 't seem to react to him as if you have that kind of history with him . "
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket and hands me a tiny , heart-shaped charm .
tr	PRES	Steam rises from my body , and I watch him watch me as I move .
tr	PRES	" And hardly a liar when it comes to the descriptions of his sister . "
tr	PAST	We plopped on the bed .
tr	PAST	I claimed a place in front of the TV and refused to move .
tr	PAST	Then a dark shadow emerged , and I knew I wasn 't alone .
tr	PAST	Rock measured the dimensions and at this point he could squeeze through the opening .
tr	PAST	Shifting his left foot from the clutch to the accelerator to maintain speed , he scooted toward the middle of the bench seat .
tr	PAST	" Like you and half the male population on the eastern seaboard aren 't aware of that , " I teased , filling the kettle with water .
tr	PRES	Blondie lets Patrick go and tries to avenge his fallen companion .
tr	PRES	He owes us big , so we let him do our dirty work .
tr	PAST	Archer 's growl rumbled down the hall .
tr	PRES	Isaac stands up , too .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " he whispers , leading us through a seaside villa that glows a soft vanilla .
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss Peeta full on the mouth .
tr	PRES	" Your good friend Norman ! "
tr	PAST	In the half-light of the apartment the girl 's crimson hair glowed and sparkled .
tr	PRES	On their quest , they shelter with a mysterious old couple who give them half of the magical Targaryen sword Dark Sister .
tr	PAST	Gunnar pitched back his axe -- its bit still dripping with blood -- as he grabbed the short , timid man by the scruff of his neck .
tr	PRES	She brings a handful to her face and inhales .
tr	PRES	Exiting the closet , he padded out of the bedroom and down the stairs , passing by Heidi 's door without a glance .
tr	PRES	The humour 's face warped once more and the dreadful mouth reappeared .
tr	PAST	Tia shrank away at hearing that .
tr	PRES	Monarch 's pulse misses a beat when the Higher says my name .
tr	PRES	She rattles me by the shoulder .
tr	PRES	Peter snorts a little .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I 've heard that stupidity over and over again , " Running Deer states .
tr	PRES	Logan pushes into Ellis with his shoulder .
tr	PAST	I flattened my back against his muscular chest as he began to thrust against me .
tr	PRES	Jon tries his best to hear what his enemy does but without his command chair and its amplifiers he hears zero .
tr	PRES	Again and again I dive into the water .
tr	PRES	" I 'm good " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	Her face relaxes when she sees me , and she smiles .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " he mumbled , feeling the food drop into his stomach like an iron tire rim in the lake .
tr	PRES	" And the sharps container . "
tr	PAST	in a raspy , low pitched voice .
tr	PRES	Fallon sure screwed up by not hiring you . "
tr	PAST	" Go further down that way , " Luther instructed , pointing ahead of Devon .
tr	PAST	' -- and no doubt invented the idea of big monuments in small towns . '
tr	PAST	They emerged from the woods briefly and thumped through a covered bridge spanning a deep ravine .
tr	PAST	He regarded her a moment , thinking that , wolf or woman , she was something to see .
tr	PAST	Blood drooled from Brett 's mouth , and one eye was swollen .
tr	PAST	Then he fisted his hands in the front of her blouse and yanked it .
tr	PAST	He sensed the coming of dawn even before the first faint rays of sunlight lightened the sky .
tr	PAST	I click on immediately after his demonstration .
tr	PRES	I slowly back step from the archway then swing around and view the image generator .
tr	PRES	He naturally reaches for his glass , but I intercept it .
tr	PAST	He feared knowing about the people his father called commoners .
tr	PAST	Rocky clutched the doorframe as the adrenaline rushed through her body .
tr	PAST	I pierced the first piece of chicken and threw it down my throat .
tr	PRES	Whatever it was , it kil ed him cleanly and passed by without touching anyone else .
tr	PRES	" Mom " Andrew rips his arms from mine .
tr	PAST	She really cleaned up nice .
tr	PAST	" You certainly are , " he stated , his pleasure at her naked state clear and up front .
tr	PRES	She sees my jaw flex and grins victoriously .
tr	PRES	" The Cabrera fan ? "
tr	PRES	He slams the register shut , and I get out of line so he can help the people behind me .
tr	PAST	Amelie 's cool fingers adjusted the covers minutely - for Amelie , that was positively fussy .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered for a long minute , until she was uncomfortable enough to ease her arms away .
tr	PRES	A feeling of power and victory washes through me .
tr	PRES	" Cheri , I await your next visit . "
tr	PRES	My pace slows when I am across the bridge , and Uriah slings an arm across my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Immediately , something heavy smashed into me , pinning me down before it bashed my head against the thick fiberglass .
tr	PAST	" You fantasized about me ? "
tr	PAST	" Why guys named Ron ? "
tr	PAST	After several long , drawn-out hours , the yelling subsided and I noticed most of the others trying to sleep .
tr	PRES	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's standing across the bar from me .
tr	PRES	" The opportunity for discovery and the ability to make positive changes to benefit mankind . "
tr	PRES	I assume the text was passed down from days of yore . "
tr	PAST	It served her right for turning down his balcony invitation .
tr	PRES	I shout , running up to the side of the couch .
tr	PRES	What kind of info ? "
tr	PAST	Sometimes Logan lounged in the back , hanging out with his friends .
tr	PAST	Sex had equaled love to me .
tr	PRES	" Here , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Slowly , slowly licking it from her skin , savoring each sticky drop .
tr	PAST	Luckily , the man like the job the girls did and agreed to help them , provided the announcement was to be made before the evening news .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled the top of her head .
tr	PRES	Why I snuck in !
tr	PRES	He reaches out and strokes her hair , only then noticing that she has it hanging loose around her shoulders .
tr	PRES	The park only allows a certain number of canoes to be out on the water at one time , so Dane had to reserve them weeks ago .
tr	PAST	His thick leather boots ranged past his knees and were turned down at the top , drawing her eye to his heavily muscled thighs .
tr	PRES	" If you say so , Light Knight .
tr	PAST	Something quieted in his chest .
tr	PAST	Ellie leaped to her feet .
tr	PRES	" In addition to a few other key individuals .
tr	PAST	She itched to know what he 'd uncovered .
tr	PRES	" I 'm his only aunt , " Sabrina teased .
tr	PAST	An ugly purple bruise shadowed Finn 's jaw , but the thing that shook her was how still and waxy he looked lying motionless on the bed .
tr	PAST	The other thanked us and continued on toward the Mile High City .
tr	PRES	And then Coren turned to face us , his glorious face alight , love beaming from his countenance .
tr	PAST	The Osage women reentered the room and assumed their places in the corners .
tr	PRES	A light shone against his eyelids , a dim , distant light , but he took no note of it .
tr	PAST	He cleaned his shoes with leaves , and then judging by the sun headed off in one direction .
tr	PAST	The chair tipped over sideways .
tr	PAST	I destroyed Donovan , which is why we 're out here tonight .
tr	PAST	" It is not my place , but with the increasing cases of the fever , we have need of it , " Renny disclosed .
tr	PAST	" Will , " Jem chided .
tr	PAST	" I lied to you , plain and simple .
tr	PAST	Isaac 's laugh boomed out .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a low booming sound rumbled under her feet .
tr	PRES	" The roots sustain every plant and are what keeps weeds returning again and again . "
tr	PAST	Michael zipped up his jacket up .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my butt against his hand , trying to move .
tr	PAST	" What a comforting thought , " I slapped a hand over my face .
tr	PAST	She glowed at that response .
tr	PRES	He sighs , a husky and ragged sound .
tr	PRES	" Can 't you stay , " Willem begins .
tr	PRES	I chalked it up to a week 's worth of harsh conditioning and the bear meat , as my legs were no longer aching and sore .
tr	PAST	" I referred to you as my Seth ! "
tr	PAST	" You 're not going anywhere , " he rumbled in my ear .
tr	PAST	The man rarely bothered actually to say anything to her .
tr	PRES	Because your earthly life is so hard while you are learning your life lessons , your mind protects you by not allowing you to remember it . "
tr	PRES	" The Space Frontier Foundation ? "
tr	PAST	Still on horseback , Mira emerged from the trees beside Cole .
tr	PAST	The vee of her shirt plunged low , white cotton pooling around the tops of her thighs .
tr	PRES	" Your young lieutenant also carries a heavy burden . "
tr	PAST	She giggled as she took her first bite .
tr	PRES	My hand glides up and down her arm .
tr	PRES	Sunny bolted upright just as Wade filled the gaping portal .
tr	PAST	As soon as I saw a mound of earth rising in the distance , I sped up .
tr	PAST	The word sharks circled , tore off chunks of the island , tried to slice away the bridge beneath his feet .
tr	PRES	They exist in harmony with nature and many of them learn to use magic for healing and protecting living things . "
tr	PAST	So we created the school to find at-risk students and keep them under a watchful eye . "
tr	PRES	Or at least resign . "
tr	PAST	She wept silently , praying in her head .
tr	PAST	Vampires usually preferred not to employ hidden weapons , but these were special circumstances .
tr	PAST	One of the servants slowed down a little , and stopped to open a door to a small study as he held out a rag .
tr	PAST	She tensed as he pressed against the tight puckered hole of her anus .
tr	PRES	He sat up , his head spinning .
tr	PAST	The man slapped her hard , drawing fresh blood from her nose .
tr	PAST	If I 'd only gotten back to him sooner , if I 'd only transformed him sooner - " The past had haunted him for so long .
tr	PRES	She sees things as a child that many of us don 't detect as adults . "
tr	PAST	The damaged daisy floated for a moment as the fast stream washed it away until I saw it slowly sink to the shallow muddy floor .
tr	PRES	" Love never fails . "
tr	PRES	She uses everyone around her .
tr	PAST	Straightening , Tucker hauled his limp body over a shoulder and carried the man to just inside the hatch , leaning him against the bulkhead .
tr	PAST	She stiffened at first , and then suddenly she opened for him .
tr	PAST	And one comment awaited moderation .
tr	PAST	The mayor bounced out of his plush seat and scurried around his big shiny desk with his hand out .
tr	PRES	The Iroquois Confederacy even staked out its territory . "
tr	PRES	Jack opens his mouth to speak then shuts it again .
tr	PAST	Fortunately , the sinking sun created enough shadows to provide a degree of safety .
tr	PAST	He snaked a long arm down the table , pouring a cup of coffee before answering .
tr	PAST	I dared bend down to grip her arm and pull her up , but she resisted me .
tr	PRES	The dogs resting on the ground occasionally growling at any animal moving to far from the group .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" Even you big strong SEALs lean on each other , right ? "
tr	PRES	I still recall the innocents of her eyes , but what scared me was her guilt-ridden mind .
tr	PAST	The thing with truths , they usual y messed with your head .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over me when the cuts on her back began to heal .
tr	PRES	I scoff , even as I feel my cheeks redden .
tr	PAST	Before Agent Harris returned home , he visited the café at the universal state store , GUM , one last time .
tr	PAST	Surreal palmed the key .
tr	PRES	... but your argument falls short due to the law of supply and demand .
tr	PRES	" And no Black Cross to post bail this time . "
tr	PAST	The pink lipstick matched the pink claws , pink earrings , pink dress and shoes .
tr	PRES	He pushes them down to my knees , and does the same with my pink panties .
tr	PRES	She absorbed his perfect nak * d form .
tr	PAST	Of course , they created a civilization so technologically advanced that the seesaw shifted once again .
tr	PAST	Now that he had them , he doubted he 'd want to light them .
tr	PRES	He toes the air like a boy testing the temperature of a pool .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled toward him a bit and closed her eyes .
tr	PRES	She murmurs and I feel despair pool within .
tr	PAST	Gar seized the power , but now he is gone , and the true daughter of the Wolf reigns again .
tr	PRES	Before he slept he now did recall that his vision was affected .
tr	PRES	" What about at the Boys and Girls Club ? "
tr	PAST	She unzipped her jacket and let the air cool her .
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss her .
tr	PAST	A ferret cage , long missing its musky occupant , overflowed with dusty silk roses .
tr	PRES	The young man at the piano stands and bows slightly in their direction .
tr	PAST	They supported what appeared to be an armored bus topped by what looked like the wheelhouse of a tugboat .
tr	PAST	The horse carrying the warrior holding the bow pitched onto his back legs , forcing the man to lose his aim to stay on the animal .
tr	PAST	She exhaled before turning on her heel and stomping past him toward the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Sitting the ' Destiny ' down into the water their ship floats on top of the water as they rest throughout the night .
tr	PAST	She prayed that they 'd just take whatever they wanted and go . .
tr	PAST	James 's uncle tipped his hat in her direction .
tr	PAST	When darkness fell and the club opened , we retreated to our room to wait some more .
tr	PAST	" We all have problems with society , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	FOURTEEN NOW My bedroom .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	But , this time , the guy fills the pause by giving me a complete once-over .
tr	PRES	I 'D ALWAYS LIVED ON THE OCEAN .
tr	PRES	And it chafed her not to somehow be a part in whatever plan Donovan had hatched .
tr	PAST	She attributed this to her oversized nose .
tr	PRES	Could any beating compare to that ? "
tr	PAST	Something exploded on the floor beneath him , blowing the door on the landing beneath him off its hinges and into the stairwell .
tr	PRES	" A mouse . "
tr	PRES	James draws her to him .
tr	PRES	she murmurs against the pillow .
tr	PRES	Gradually my pulse slows and my limbs loosen into rest .
tr	PAST	And she named their new golden retriever puppy Maury .
tr	PAST	At any rate , I approved of the game plan .
tr	PRES	" The Shadow ! "
tr	PRES	The men on foot march their way into town .
tr	PRES	" She still falls a lot , mainly because she tries to do too much .
tr	PRES	I scramble to a sitting position , my eyes surveying the clearing .
tr	PRES	Along our bank , everyone opens fire .
tr	PAST	With that , Wells motioned for Theo to follow him and they headed downstairs to August 's room on the next floor down .
tr	PAST	he accused , not understanding the sudden urgency of why he needed to know her whereabouts .
tr	PRES	His tired grip lets go for the last time , and it is the final push toward her uncontrollable tears .
tr	PRES	Five yawns , stretching his arms out .
tr	PAST	The dog -- all of six inches -- bounced off the gate , snarling .
tr	PAST	It was Leslie , I cocked my hand back and slapped her with all my might .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , at the bottom of a two hundred foot gorge . "
tr	PAST	They clasped hands when they met and pulled each other in for one of those strange man hugs .
tr	PRES	Your son loves you .
tr	PAST	Her mom barged in past her and practically dropped the casserole dish onto the counter .
tr	PRES	" Please , Miss Markham , " she begged .
tr	PRES	She wears an Opal Jewel .
tr	PAST	She smacked her left elbow into his chin again .
tr	PAST	ONE She submitted without the comfort he 'd expect to see from a woman who 'd been coming to this club for over six months .
tr	PAST	I propped my hand against my head to combat the fuzziness again enveloping my brain .
tr	PRES	Once free , I took refuge in the local taverns , drinking heavily , gambling , and ... well other things , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	A moment later , her Blackberry vibrated madly , skittering across her desk like an angry crab .
tr	PAST	You cleaned your room ? "
tr	PRES	I can feel it , " Aria states .
tr	PRES	" Trade me seats . "
tr	PAST	She regarded him a moment , her gaze burning into his , and then she turned her attention to the grave once more .
tr	PRES	The cube misses him and crashes into the wall behind him , leaving a dent .
tr	PAST	Sage crouched behind a boulder .
tr	PRES	I dab at my forehead before leaving .
tr	PRES	Tough , taciturn , temperamental .
tr	PRES	Some people revel in the agony of a broken heart .
tr	PAST	She approaches me casually , her hand brushing lightly against my arm in an invitation to follow her .
tr	PAST	All three heads attempted to snap it up , ultimately causing them each to miss it .
tr	PRES	Him being here changes everything .
tr	PRES	Alba stares at him .
tr	PAST	I skipped to Lara 's bedroom , finding my child , her neck bloodied , lying on the sheets of the bed .
tr	PAST	March of the Great Revolutionary Leader vomited from the Boom Box .
tr	PAST	He acted as if that should confirm Aaron was responsible , but Addy continued to insist he wasn 't the one .
tr	PAST	But she doubted he 'd be moved .
tr	PRES	I bark at death and gnaw its knees off .
tr	PAST	+ + + The Bursar frowned .
tr	PAST	It signalled that she wasn 't about to jump back into bed with him . '
tr	PAST	He grunted and almost laughed .
tr	PRES	I don 't want us both to get suspended on the first day , " I teased .
tr	PRES	He roars , enraged , and lunges for me .
tr	PRES	Instantly realizing what he is up to , Mai opens a portal beneath Rift 's feet as well as directly in front of the fleeing form .
tr	PRES	He draws a lazy pattern on my bare breasts , leaving a trail of heat and renewed desire .
tr	PRES	No one remembers the singer .
tr	PAST	He slapped his thigh .
tr	PAST	He risked exposing that we knew each other , which in turn risked Jill .
tr	PAST	Mauricio shrieked as his fist sat suspended mid-air , crying out as the bones in his hand suddenly crumpled apparently out of nowhere .
tr	PAST	He assaulted the shopkeeper when the thieves snatched the diamonds .
tr	PRES	' The Porcelain Princess ? '
tr	PRES	Tell me that , " Winkler begged .
tr	PRES	' He loves undermining our weaponry .
tr	PAST	" Oh , blessed night , most blessed night . "
tr	PRES	If it weren 't also fictional .
tr	PRES	He mutters quietly , embarrassed , " Sorry .
tr	PRES	" No , your highness .
tr	PAST	Eve emerged from the garage doorway and settled down next to Claire , leaning her chin on her fists .
tr	PRES	Seth pops a mint into his mouth and rolls his eyes at me from over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	He stank of every filthy odour she could imagine and others that she didn 't want to think about .
tr	PAST	He limped slightly when he left his bedroom in the morning .
tr	PRES	The head on the left opens its mouth .
tr	PAST	He leaped forward and put both hands around Sawyer 's padded neck to choke him .
tr	PRES	She wears simple clothes with heavy hiking boots -- the sight is almost comical .
tr	PRES	" Steak and strawberry pie . "
tr	PAST	" I come to bury Caesar , " Ethan gritted out .
tr	PRES	Not that that changes anything . "
tr	PAST	I just roamed the outside of the building .
tr	PRES	What kind of accidents ? "
tr	PAST	She regarded him solemnly and then turned to the class .
tr	PRES	He lets out a smug grin of satisfaction directed at Gage .
tr	PRES	" Please , put me down , Mr. Blackstone . "
tr	PAST	" What about the ladies ?
tr	PRES	" Well , it could be worse , " I comforted .
tr	PAST	I pretended I had food poisoning , but I was sure none of them bought it .
tr	PAST	The two men eyed one another .
tr	PAST	Her face is red , lips flattened against her teeth .
tr	PAST	The makeup washed off easily .
tr	PAST	When she just looked at him with a puzzled expression , Severance abandoned the subject .
tr	PAST	I jabbed the cue at his head .
tr	PAST	" The whole place just collapsed in on itself .
tr	PAST	Neil selected an animal trail he knew well .
tr	PRES	Different puzzle pieces snap into place , and they make a truth I never realized was there .
tr	PRES	" Welcome home , " he whispers as he slides his finger between my legs .
tr	PRES	" No exceptions ? "
tr	PRES	She pops her gum loudly and shrugs .
tr	PAST	Dropping onto the couch , I propped my bare feet up on the coffee table and set my laptop on my knees .
tr	PRES	It grants easier access to the main part of the hospital and it 's more secluded .
tr	PAST	I thanked him profusely again .
tr	PAST	He fisted his hands against the urge to reach across the table for hers .
tr	PRES	Those portals permit travel to a safe refuge with the Sisterhood . "
tr	PRES	" In Clark ? "
tr	PAST	He also dealt with Gwyn 's leg .
tr	PRES	( I ' d remembered coming down the dimly lit corridor when I first visited Jagger ' s apartment . )
tr	PAST	I doubted the victim 's body had been found and wondered if anyone had missed him .
tr	PAST	* * * They were led to an old abandoned warehouse .
tr	PAST	Breathless and weak , he enfolded her in his arms , and they lay there on the damp ground for a few moments , sated .
tr	PRES	The two body guards by his side salute him , blank expressions on their faces .
tr	PAST	Jordan extended his hand to Julie and she shook it .
tr	PAST	She shrieked , flailed , and a zombie ate her brains on-screen .
tr	PAST	From his belt Forte took a tiny electronic periscope with a flexible wand tipped with a lens the size of a pencil eraser .
tr	PRES	She hooks her arm through mine as we start walking to art .
tr	PRES	" Pay attention , Jess .
tr	PAST	Bill squinted at her .
tr	PAST	A contingent attended representing the Hungarian Riding Academy , where Miss Hamilton had made many friends among the Hungarian equestrians .
tr	PRES	She yawns then slumps against the headboard .
tr	PAST	They glided past a small general store and gas station , a post office , and a handful of gray , weathered cottages .
tr	PRES	" As a friend , he fits perfectly . "
tr	PAST	Isaiah destroyed the tire .
tr	PRES	Why not anybody but the other monster in her life ?
tr	PAST	The world swirled around him and he bent over and threw up .
tr	PAST	I dusted myself off and lifted my eyebrows .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want to talk about this anymore , " I stated .
tr	PRES	" Go help with dinner , " Dad snaps at me .
tr	PRES	She deserves more . "
tr	PRES	I chuckle and turn to Nicole .
tr	PAST	" There was no before , " he slowed so that they were walking side by side .
tr	PAST	Liam stated what I picked up on pretty much everyone 's mind .
tr	PAST	Her eyes lingered down my body before flicking to Sawyer .
tr	PRES	She mistook his expression , and proffered the pack .
tr	PRES	" Then just expose your affairs .
tr	PRES	" That granddaughter ? "
tr	PAST	He regained it a split second before running into the lip of the fountain - then fell backward and made an impressive splash in the churning waters .
tr	PAST	Once she broke the news , Callie doubted her mother would feel up to leaving the house .
tr	PRES	" Right away , Rufus . "
tr	PAST	" Well , night , " Ben mumbled under his breath , but loud enough so that Carl would hear it .
tr	PAST	She sought the other moon , which she could just see over the rooftops of the buildings that backed onto the waterside .
tr	PAST	" Stop ... drumming , " I rasped .
tr	PAST	Pleasure engulfed him as she drank .
tr	PRES	Wilder crawls up my body , his limbs sleek and strong .
tr	PAST	Renée pretended she held something in her hands and said , " I could feel the smoothness of the slippers and the warmth of their light . "
tr	PAST	Something inside Maggie froze .
tr	PAST	Her bandage is smaller today , a white square affixed to her forehead .
tr	PRES	" So , I assume that you 're the young man who inherited Hazel 's half of the company . "
tr	PAST	Its razor point pricked his skin , and he jerked back reflexively .
tr	PRES	" Whether I make a difference or not , my job is what pays for your food and your shelter and your clothes . "
tr	PAST	He dealt with the first because the last would be a bit too volatile .
tr	PAST	Then she sensed him , looming like a shadow in her vision as he ever did .
tr	PAST	She tensed as though she prepared for the final thrust that would send his blood spraying across the room and end his life .
tr	PRES	She tries to gather her will , but she feels nothing .
tr	PAST	Willow 's heart practically exploded from her chest when she looked up and saw five huge wolves standing just at the edge of a line of trees .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight It takes me 2 days to open my eyes .
tr	PAST	Drusilla chased after Adam , telling him , " Our mission is more important than one person . "
tr	PRES	People sweep into the room , surround me .
tr	PRES	" Don 't like those odds , " Gray mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And , as much as it kills me to say this , going in there with Roth is a good idea . "
tr	PRES	I blurt it out .
tr	PAST	The car beeped in response and the locks popped open .
tr	PRES	Probably trying on the royal robes to see if they fit .
tr	PRES	" Oh , he 's definitely fine , " she teased with a wiggle of her eyebrows .
tr	PRES	" So assume everything you experienced was real .
tr	PAST	Still , he hauled her up higher , supporting her as he continued to drive into her , over and over .
tr	PRES	He mutters , stuffing the map into the side pocket of his jacket for easier accessibility .
tr	PAST	" And a woman , " Father Tomas stated the obvious .
tr	PRES	The sound of heavy breathing drifts up from the warm body lying beside me .
tr	PAST	The young zombie collapsed as though its power button had been punched .
tr	PRES	" Is she ok ? "
tr	PRES	he asks in surprise , his hands resting on top of my legs .
tr	PAST	She giggled as she reached for a soda .
tr	PAST	" Sofie painted that ? "
tr	PRES	" A good one , but she has to be smart , ok MJ ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , spare me ! "
tr	PRES	" You apologise to Miriam right now , and Ted afterwards ! "
tr	PAST	Chapter Six Jo rinsed her cereal bowl and put it in the dishwasher as Kate walked into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	However , despite being only twenty-one , Bramley soon emerged as the guiding light .
tr	PRES	My phone buzzes in a call .
tr	PAST	David crouched low and went still , seeking out signs of where the intruder might have gone .
tr	PRES	Gabe frowns at my joke , because , of course , it isn 't really a joke .
tr	PRES	" Of the thunder when it storms . "
tr	PAST	" Empty compliments from - " " With teeth , " Jordan amended , grinning .
tr	PRES	My heart rate begins to speed up .
tr	PRES	" Death Walkers . "
tr	PAST	From what I recall they referred to it as the Weapon to Destroy Worlds .
tr	PAST	Her sapphire eyes twinkled as she solemnly handed him the box .
tr	PRES	I spin to look at him , my mouth gaping open .
tr	PAST	I sensed the animals near me , and all the insects and creatures I could not name became part of me and I of them .
tr	PAST	" She denied it , of course .
tr	PRES	Granny Abernathy loves the part where it says " What manner of love is this ?
tr	PAST	Instead of fear , it only heightened her pleasure as his hands and mouth continued stroking her body .
tr	PAST	" We have a very strong power reading coming from the audience , " Liam reported over our communicator .
tr	PRES	I willingly lean into his palm this time .
tr	PAST	He leaned down , sniffing curiously , then extended a claw towards nothing .
tr	PAST	Cordova 's flush deepened , rage joining her mortification .
tr	PRES	His third eye shimmers into appearance in his bloody forehead .
tr	PRES	" They belong to the coven leader - " " The coven leader is a jerk , " Cassie said .
tr	PRES	He pinches his lips into a white seam and squirms .
tr	PRES	" One thing lad . "
tr	PRES	' Do it , ' Oliver orders .
tr	PRES	Her overly vivid imagination flashes her ideas of a dead body , decomposing over the years .
tr	PRES	His panting breaths and my gasp filled the night air until his c * ck drove deep , shattering the fragile tension inside of me .
tr	PRES	But see Doctor Galloway if you notice any bodily changes , particularly if you feel unusually lethargic for any length of time . '
tr	PRES	" Because they can , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" I just bury it ? "
tr	PAST	Alex inhaled sharply and was silent for a while .
tr	PAST	" I - " He massaged the back of his neck .
tr	PAST	No one invaded my home with the intention of digging up my life . "
tr	PAST	When he took a step back , my heart rate slowed .
tr	PRES	Excitement fills the air .
tr	PRES	Cindy hugs me long and hard , and I get a whiff of apple shampoo .
tr	PAST	" Get the bag , " he chattered .
tr	PAST	He sighs , " Yeah . "
tr	PRES	" Distractions come in all forms , " he teased with a grin .
tr	PRES	" I assume you can find him at home .
tr	PRES	Cherie delights in watching the sparrows hop around before taking flight once more .
tr	PAST	Rachel sobbed , and nodded , and Jason felt his stomach drop like an elevator .
tr	PRES	Did they belong to you ? "
tr	PAST	Her excitement over her elegant new clothes dimmed .
tr	PAST	Oh , God , Mac prayed to himself , not the cancer ward .
tr	PRES	Kate whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Miss Daly reassured her that marriage was the last thing on her mind and that confidentially marriage was really outdated .
tr	PRES	The air in the closet begins to glow with a distinct oily fog .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	" Adam , " the demon feared and hated him .
tr	PAST	She bore a massive , bloody wound in her side .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	But everyone else just sees the enemy and their thoughts turn to vengeance . "
tr	PRES	" Also correct . "
tr	PRES	" The schematics for my next upgrade . "
tr	PRES	Lennox stops and I halt beside him .
tr	PAST	She crawled back up to meet him , eye to eye .
tr	PAST	As I was walking down the stairs , the lights dimmed for an instant , followed by a shrill crack of thunder .
tr	PAST	He balled it up and dropped it and his jeans back to the floor .
tr	PRES	And the bleacher seats .
tr	PRES	A tiny smile creeps over my face .
tr	PAST	Jake reclined his seat .
tr	PAST	Pressing the stone on the hilt , he extended it out to its full five-foot length .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked through his shirt and spread from a dark hole below his collarbone .
tr	PAST	The driveway split thirty yards in front of the house .
tr	PRES	What if he changes and can 't figure a way back to himself ? "
tr	PAST	Bishop cocked the gun he 'd slung over his shoulder , a grin on his face .
tr	PAST	" I 've been calling you for the past two months , " she charged impatiently .
tr	PAST	Gizmo shuffled forward ; slow , but with no gap in her defenses Eli could see .
tr	PAST	Gray cringed as the front tires hit the first set of wooden ties , but the stout beams held .
tr	PAST	She also sensed his increasing independence from her .
tr	PAST	I crouched next to it and ran through a row of supplies parallel to the conveyor .
tr	PRES	Dervish bellows , but of course he can 't hear .
tr	PRES	The other , used as a battering ram to the room , was unconscious , his breathing shallow .
tr	PRES	She pushes against me , rubbing against my hand in a desperate frenzy .
tr	PRES	Because you are the ones who slay demons ? "
tr	PAST	Apparently even dangerous conditions required kingly style .
tr	PRES	Behind me , Laurel sighs loudly .
tr	PRES	" I say , Miss. .
tr	PAST	This one produced absolutely no effect on Benson .
tr	PAST	She ran her fingers over the veins and ridges , her thumb circled the head .
tr	PRES	Or maybe Alaska . '
tr	PRES	" The Warlord Prince Gray . "
tr	PRES	She really deserves to finally be happy .
tr	PRES	Jeff slows us right down and then stops .
tr	PRES	Both men stood facing one another , exchanging fierce stares , neither of them blinking .
tr	PAST	The three ascend the stairs and arrive at the shut attic room door .
tr	PAST	She glided her lips against his , the flood of sensuality and sweetness of her flesh sweeping against his sizzling through her .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , her hand moving over her heart .
tr	PAST	My Daddy hugs my brother and sister leading us into the creepy but pretty marble room as we stand around the island waiting for a miracle .
tr	PRES	Hopelessness fills me so I give up to fix my gaze on one point to focus and regain the control I lost .
tr	PAST	She doubted he 'd ever contact her again .
tr	PAST	Lucas collapsed to the ground , his body shaking with relief and lowering his head to his knees he closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Never mind , " I murmur and escape the room , pulling the door closed behind me .
tr	PAST	She tugged on his hair .
tr	PAST	Was one of those new gated communities in the suburbs , designed to look nice , but they were usually shit quality with tiny lots .
tr	PRES	Then she stretches herself out to let her nails dry and looks through the window at the darkening sky .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Craig sobbed , and began to crawl eagerly along the luggage conveyor belt toward her .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER FIVE " Oh , shoot , " Golden mumbled under her breath .
tr	PRES	He stands by the table , across from me .
tr	PAST	The kids all cheered , " Go Brian , Go Brian ! "
tr	PAST	Miriam plopped the machine on the floor .
tr	PRES	" Then pardon me . "
tr	PRES	" Just a few friends , " I hiss , making my way past her .
tr	PAST	Guests , including his mother and brother , buzzed around her like bees seeking nectar .
tr	PRES	He sees the future .
tr	PRES	He stares down at the ground .
tr	PRES	She crawls toward me , reaching for my hand , dragging the chains across the floor with her .
tr	PRES	Tapping Galen 's sides , I urge him into a gallop .
tr	PRES	" I see , " Elizabeth said , " it explains why your scent was not as strong . "
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Williams ? "
tr	PAST	As she made her way to her school locker , Wanda ambushed her .
tr	PAST	I thanked him one more time and allowed myself a squeal when I hung up .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around her , kissing the white bandage on her forehead .
tr	PRES	He holds a small border collie puppy under one arm and clutches a plastic bag in his other hand .
tr	PRES	I crave a shawl . "
tr	PAST	He eyed his brothers suspiciously .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ Kurt stifled a yawn as the train pulled into the Piccadilly Circus tube station .
tr	PRES	He truly loves you . "
tr	PRES	How many pots and pans ?
tr	PRES	And below it , another , hugging the pillar .
tr	PRES	' Poor wretch ! '
tr	PAST	The pool stick went down with such force , it smashed through the felt surface .
tr	PRES	He buys me a ticket .
tr	PAST	Meg regarded him with narrowed eyes , seemingly noticing for the first time his rumpled appearance and unnaturally pale countenance .
tr	PAST	He became silent again , self loathing washed off of him in waves .
tr	PAST	" Oh , Luke , I love you so much I ache with it , " she revealed , reaching for him .
tr	PAST	Shotgun strapped to the tabletop .
tr	PRES	Carson comments from the back of the next car , a slightly battered Plymouth Duster .
tr	PAST	This proved inconsequential , for when the owner of the iron voice emerged into the light , her mind went completely blank .
tr	PAST	It washed the blood of the mountain lion in pale reddish rivulets down the copper drain .
tr	PAST	Emily inhaled the fragrance appreciatively and as she took a sip , noted that it had just the right amount of cream and sugar .
tr	PAST	For others , a prison sentence extended .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , it also lies behind a door marked PRIVATE : AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY .
tr	PRES	A recipe on double double chocolate fudge brownies .
tr	PAST	A litany of signs above desks identified each section and each clerk .
tr	PRES	" Got a bit of the devil in you tonight , eh ? "
tr	PRES	The bed frame creaks as Reagan shifts beneath me .
tr	PRES	They revert to cavemen when a football game is on , or some guy hits on their woman , or anyone questions their manhood .
tr	PAST	It obviously bothered him that Dylan was in her house .
tr	PAST	I awoke , to feel a twinge behind my eye .
tr	PAST	Julian shuffled across the room and sat beside her .
tr	PRES	I estimate it 's only three or four feet thick ... mostly soft sandstone . "
tr	PAST	The shadow of a second head on his shoulder jiggled indecently , twisted at an unnatural angle .
tr	PRES	" You miserable bastard ! "
tr	PAST	He freed Giselle , whom he 'd once again cuffed to the sink .
tr	PRES	Steve begins to yawn .
tr	PAST	He cocked a brow .
tr	PRES	Sean stops speaking , but continues to look at my lips .
tr	PAST	Rounds scored the floor behind us .
tr	PRES	He lashes the horse 's hind quarters with the blunt face of his blade and it takes off at a startled gallop .
tr	PRES	" Not easy to reach , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	He just likes looking important .
tr	PRES	" Counselor Galen at your service , " Kylie teased .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a long , pleasurable sigh before wiping the blood from his face .
tr	PRES	" You cleanup nice . "
tr	PAST	Late into the night , Sara awoke in her own bed .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not psychic , " I mutter , my face down , staring at my crackers and cheese slices .
tr	PRES	I never tire of that tale . "
tr	PRES	The truck belongs to some Mexicans , I don 't know their names , but Fr .
tr	PRES	Scott whipped the sweater off his head fast and sniffed .
tr	PRES	A New Woman ? '
tr	PRES	Fading rays of sun through the window speckled over her , highlighting every exhausted line , every smudge .
tr	PRES	She stops in front of a maze of lanes .
tr	PRES	Then the door disappears , just seems to fade away , and we 're left looking into blackness .
tr	PAST	Just like with everyone else , I claimed to need directions , stammering out the first random place I could think of .
tr	PAST	We learnt yesterday that an attempt was to made on your life today -- this afternoon , in fact .
tr	PAST	I lock my bike and head inside , where I find Will and Drew slumped in a booth , their trays piled high with food .
tr	PRES	" Never mind , " mumbled Kenny as he slumped back into his seat .
tr	PRES	You almost tempt me , but you still don 't understand . "
tr	PRES	The smells of fabric softener and fried chicken threaten to make me sick .
tr	PRES	Zane stood across from her , his honey eyes gleaming as a wicked smile curved his full mouth to reveal his glistening fangs .
tr	PRES	She whipped around to see one of the children turning a crank of a sandbox toy .
tr	PRES	He bears the blood of Lilith . "
tr	PRES	My sister hugs me and whispers , " I love you Mase . "
tr	PAST	Before I knew it , a good chunk of the afternoon floated on by .
tr	PAST	Cheyenne feared she wouldn 't be able to cope with a child who had serious medical issues .
tr	PRES	And my family hates me . "
tr	PAST	He tipped back his head to down another oyster , his sixth .
tr	PAST	She presses her hand to her chest as if that might help to calm her heartbeat .
tr	PAST	Brady lounged behind an imposing desk in his equally grand computer chair .
tr	PRES	" Brave , reckless , insane -- I 've never seen a man display his emotions -- expose himself like that .
tr	PRES	You little flit of a thing .
tr	PAST	Her hand froze , however , and she sat up when she heard the front door of the house open and slam shut .
tr	PRES	His arm falls to his side and a hint of anger flickers in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Father Tomas surmised that the younger priest told the truth by his annoyed countenance .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled the top of her head .
tr	PRES	Oh , you idiot !
tr	PAST	He emerged casually , trying his best to look insignificant .
tr	PRES	" He always talks about my mother being so brave , but he 's never said exactly why .
tr	PRES	A lock of his hair falls forward , and I resist the impulse to smooth it back into place .
tr	PRES	Pretty soon my mind would be consumed with memorizing lies so I wouldn 't get caught in my own elaborate net .
tr	PAST	He also prayed that it wasn 't too late to save Presley .
tr	PRES	She screwed her face up .
tr	PRES	Trish tries to stop us on our way out the door .
tr	PRES	" Channel Six News . "
tr	PAST	I shrank into my chair .
tr	PRES	He pushes his lips together and takes a few moments before answering .
tr	PAST	I propped myself up on one elbow and squinted at the clock on the wall .
tr	PAST	They awoke refreshed , stretching , smiling at one another .
tr	PRES	Dallas glances over from where she sits on the counter , studying James 's expression until she understands , and then turns away .
tr	PAST	She unzipped the side pocket of her suitcase and withdrew a yellow legal pad and a blue pen .
tr	PRES	The door opens and a nurse comes in bearing a glass of water on a tray .
tr	PAST	It dove for my father , and I tried to get between them .
tr	PRES	She points her ears in that direction and looks up at the sky , but sees only the full moon staring back .
tr	PAST	She hopped on the computer and started checking out stamp collecting .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" It was all lies . "
tr	PRES	" So the rich old dude likes you , does he ? "
tr	PRES	" For God 's sake , Norman .
tr	PAST	He selected one , and pointed to a soap dispenser on the wall inside .
tr	PRES	Her moan tickles along my tongue and vibrates to my lower half to stiffen everything from my waist down .
tr	PAST	I reassured her Pagan was just resting . "
tr	PRES	He deserves a real lady of his own , not someone who 's been already used like me . "
tr	PAST	But they subsided , and she composed herself once again .
tr	PRES	Your personal choice affects us all , and your negligence weakens our community . "
tr	PAST	" Your grandfather feared one of you would challenge him . "
tr	PRES	Now we retaliate . "
tr	PRES	And your panties . "
tr	PRES	He misses his father .
tr	PRES	" Jill McCormick . "
tr	PRES	Duke draws his brows together like he 's about to ask a scientific question .
tr	PRES	I sing an angry lament , a furious plea to the universe to send me elsewhere .
tr	PAST	All the pieces of me that had felt broken and useless where suddenly fused together , ready to fight whatever enemy had hurt her .
tr	PAST	" We were both fighting in the Roman army and were defeated by the Goths , " he mumbled against my skin before pulling back a little .
tr	PAST	I froze , thinking about it .
tr	PAST	It outlined a white parabola .
tr	PRES	" Diff ... differ ... " Giving up on the longer word , Madison went for the more important one .
tr	PRES	" Sure hon , " Mitch mumbled before he disconnected the line .
tr	PRES	Completing my work , I email my mother .
tr	PRES	My Master never talks a lot .
tr	PAST	He drapes his arm around my shoulder and hugs me against him , kissing the top of my head before resting his chin on it .
tr	PAST	But he seized her arm and forced her up against the vanity .
tr	PRES	" I-I don 't know , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Yes , the man who gave it to me has nothing to do with it , " she joked .
tr	PRES	The opera opens in eight days . "
tr	PRES	Let 's celebrate tonight .
tr	PRES	I straddle his legs .
tr	PRES	Jace rubbed his cheek against his shoulder ; he looked tired , his pale hair rumpled .
tr	PAST	" I saw her , " Lauren 's quiet voice intruded before Del could respond , and those softly spoken words silenced everyone .
tr	PRES	" Cy calmed me down and made me see it through your eyes , " Crewe explains .
tr	PRES	a soft voice whispers .
tr	PAST	Jackson froze at my words , his hands slowly sliding down my body until they dropped to his sides .
tr	PRES	" Some of these date back to the nineteen eighties . "
tr	PAST	He leaped to the neighboring building , then jumped down into the alley from there .
tr	PAST	Calm and still , it melded together with the early morning blue sky .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed with a message , and I plucked it up .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through the leader 's pack , but there seemed to be no papers or evidence of any kind .
tr	PAST	He beamed proudly and explained , " I learned it in school . "
tr	PRES	He holds his book up .
tr	PAST	Staying low , he inched over to her shirt and thrust it into her hands .
tr	PRES	Of course my head whipped around when she said that , in time to see him trotting onto the field .
tr	PAST	And then she brightened visibly .
tr	PRES	" He would have to remember me first , " he chuckles .
tr	PRES	I lean against the kitchen counter and do that deep breathing bullshit my doc told me to do when I feel on edge .
tr	PAST	Mr Pratt shuffled nervously but silently in his seat .
tr	PRES	" Not so ... aggressive .
tr	PRES	" What about our bargain ? "
tr	PAST	He lied gruffly , " I 'm fine . "
tr	PAST	Tess pinched his thigh .
tr	PAST	" Ava , " her mother proceeded into the room with concern etched across her face .
tr	PAST	Dan tugged a burr from the hem of his trousers and crumbled it between his fingers .
tr	PAST	With dreamlike slowness , the last of the long wooden nail emerged from the neck .
tr	PAST	So Simon opted to use his left arm instead to throw the Yoyo .
tr	PRES	We bow down to you . "
tr	PRES	' Maybe , some scones too . '
tr	PAST	I sob , wiping the tears from my face .
tr	PAST	Her mother motioned for her to follow and said , " He probably lives in the cabin during the winter and closes the lodge . "
tr	PRES	" And to think you mistook my restraint for lack of interest , when I thought I was building up anticipation . "
tr	PRES	Her big , floppy straw hat floats there beside her .
tr	PAST	Dennis anticipated the arrival perfectly , positioning himself at the main gate just as the motor home rolled to a stop in front of it .
tr	PAST	I received no reply from the neurologist but my family doctor was disgusted especially that he should accuse me of hypochondria which she knew to be false .
tr	PAST	Passing streetlights illuminated him in soft blue , then dimmed as we passed them , casting us back into shadow .
tr	PRES	The rest of the journey passes in silence .
tr	PRES	The doctor glances up , removing his glasses and setting them on the desk .
tr	PRES	" He loves me . "
tr	PRES	His chest puffs out like he 's about to take on a UFC fighter .
tr	PRES	I snap out of it .
tr	PAST	David pondered leaving the door locked .
tr	PAST	Sitting on the bed , he dialed Natalie 's home number and waited four long rings before she picked up .
tr	PAST	" So , " he joked , attempting to lighten the mood .
tr	PAST	As always the heavy drapes prevented any sunlight from intruding into the interior .
tr	PRES	His good , kind heart draws people closer .
tr	PRES	His neck holds the picture of a woman on one side and a classic spell on the other .
tr	PAST	A heavy groan of pain accompanied the shuffling , followed by a movement of the chain .
tr	PRES	It always pays to follow the money . "
tr	PAST	She exited , and I couldn 't get over without making a drastic move .
tr	PAST	Since she knew that he wouldn 't appreciate any sympathy , especially today , she opted for ignoring the topic .
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PRES	She 'd managed to open the door when that voice hit her again , a quiet rumble this time .
tr	PAST	Renton replayed her thought process once more .
tr	PRES	My tongue flicks out and runs inside her low-cut shirt and bra , reaching until it flicks against her nipple .
tr	PAST	The tiny yard was wet with dew and the sun was still low , the house shrouded in the shadows of the woods .
tr	PAST	Last night , after he and Evie had quieted down in the master bedroom and I could finally fall asleep , I dreamed of the wedding .
tr	PAST	His hands fisted inside his gloves .
tr	PRES	He comforted you . "
tr	PRES	His voice brings me back to reality .
tr	PAST	As I obviously couldn 't see the keys , I attempted to memorized her hand movements .
tr	PRES	It weaves in and out in the open sky as though it 's dodging some unseen force .
tr	PAST	She flattened her hands over her twisting stomach .
tr	PAST	Not that she feared for Lysander .
tr	PAST	" You know very well , it seems , " he countered .
tr	PAST	" Well , it 's not as if he 's going to fall at my feet in love with me , " she joked .
tr	PRES	She strikes a finger in the air .
tr	PRES	Everyone freezes in awe at this unbelievable site .
tr	PRES	The crowd streams around us , giving us weird looks , but we don 't care .
tr	PAST	I saluted him , and he waved to me from his litter .
tr	PRES	Stephan digs his fingernails into the wood of the table , as if channeling his anger there .
tr	PAST	I trudged back down the flagstone path through the hedge to the car .
tr	PRES	Yet , there she stands critically breaking down the social ramifications of forcing a select few people from society down into a fallout shelter .
tr	PAST	More experienced users claimed they could influence the flow of thoughts , gently guiding the surge of ideas onto particular people , places , or concepts .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches in and touches one of them .
tr	PRES	Carefully stepping between the pieces of debris , Rift stops short when the spectacle within the next room grabs hold of his eyes .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , interrupting our playful bickering .
tr	PRES	Panic fills his mind .
tr	PRES	The sound of my nickname rolling off his tongue causes my body to shiver .
tr	PAST	" I should have known more about her past , protected her myself .
tr	PRES	She uses poison , you see , so it always looks like a heart attack or an accident . "
tr	PRES	Returns to original pose and then changes it MEGAN : Megan Porter .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the man sat in the co-pilot 's seat , now steering them directly away from Erebus .
tr	PRES	My handsome , awesome , scary Jim .
tr	PAST	It glowed underneath , the embers slowly eating it away , turning the wood to ash and smoke .
tr	PRES	The woman opens a tiny door in the back and I fall in like a sack of potatoes .
tr	PAST	You know what to do , " Rend instructed his two youngest brothers .
tr	PAST	' One suggests that you do something about your shape , ' the she-wolf advised .
tr	PRES	I merely await your signal .
tr	PRES	She pays for me to take ballet lessons , even though I know she can 't afford it .
tr	PRES	The helicopter also belongs to his friend " replied Simon rapidly searching for a way to divert the conversation elsewhere .
tr	PAST	Breedlove emerged from the barber thirty minutes later .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a long , weary breath .
tr	PAST	Dad tugged at her shoulders .
tr	PAST	His pretended to leer at her .
tr	PRES	To feel the water surround her and pull all the miserable heat out of her body ?
tr	PAST	I created a monster !
tr	PRES	It stands one hundred and thirty-seven feet high .
tr	PRES	He reaches into the tub and scoops me up , one arm beneath my knees , the other around my back .
tr	PRES	I guess that 's true , ' Nora allows .
tr	PRES	Ryan plays on a team ? "
tr	PAST	Hemp swiped his card , hitting the G button .
tr	PAST	Sympathy dimmed the vibrant green of her eyes and darkened them with concern .
tr	PAST	She scrawled a note for Chrissie , scooped up her purse from the hall table and had just opened the door when Carolyn stopped her again .
tr	PRES	" Leah wasn 't hurt , " Edward mumbled .
tr	PAST	I cringed at my reflection .
tr	PRES	The building 's bridge entrance , an archway framed with intricately carved swirls , slides open to greet us .
tr	PRES	Wind whispers over the rooms .
tr	PAST	Panting , gasping for breath , he fled toward the assassin .
tr	PAST	She dumped her book on the bed and stood up .
tr	PAST	" Because you haven 't experienced all the possibilities .
tr	PRES	" I think so , " he rises , but his gait is unsteady .
tr	PAST	Being an agent of light bore a heavy weight of responsibility , especially for wizards .
tr	PAST	In the dark , Kara absorbed every sensation , every thrust .
tr	PRES	Graham glances at me , and Frank , and says quickly " But they haven 't . "
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	A Hag bore down on me , screaming like a mountain lion caught in a wood chipper , and I abruptly had my hands full .
tr	PRES	" She blames you for reopening my wound when I found you in the woods and brought you here . "
tr	PRES	She frowns doubtfully but returns to assisting her customer , who seems pretty close to crumpling to the floor in ecstasy .
tr	PRES	" Are the arrow heads ready , Aaron ? "
tr	PAST	Gray prayed they still had enough time .
tr	PAST	He crouched down and lifted a corner of the netting , revealing a small metal grate .
tr	PAST	The sense of having been maneuvered washed over her and she didn 't like it .
tr	PRES	" With ... with the Warriors . "
tr	PRES	" Andre owes Sergio big time for helping bail him out of a horrific blind date a few months back .
tr	PAST	Still , Carlotta tugged harder , before this confrontation turned ugly .
tr	PAST	He sped down the street , the wind rushing past him .
tr	PRES	" I know , Dad , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	His eyes reflected the ache I felt , and I knew I could trust him on that .
tr	PAST	" I chased a half-naked Santa yesterday but there is something wrong with you guys ! "
tr	PAST	Rather unpleasant from what I understand , but fitting for your behavior , " Grey stated .
tr	PAST	Purity achieved , Arjuna negotiated yet another safe spot for his tee shot to land .
tr	PRES	He states confidently , but his eyes shift to Serena and I catch their brief , but very worried glances .
tr	PAST	White surf churned around it .
tr	PRES	And who opens them ?
tr	PAST	Got its plate number . "
tr	PRES	Rob 's jaw twitches .
tr	PRES	The pupils widen and he pauses , spoon halfway up to his lips , soup sloshing over the sides .
tr	PAST	" Well , at least she 's still local , " he exclaimed while he ran a hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	Another rattle , closer now .
tr	PAST	Victor reluctantly tugged his fangs from her neck , using his tongue to close the bleeding wounds .
tr	PRES	She plays it all the time .
tr	PAST	" You betrayed me , " Gary 's harsh voice exploded from all around them .
tr	PRES	Connor stops mid running man and Claire closes her mocking mouth immediately .
tr	PAST	If no one had discovered the cave by this time in the Carpathian Mountains , he doubted if the place existed .
tr	PAST	Zoe shuffled her feet underneath her bottom , pushing herself up off the ground .
tr	PAST	" I entered the docking bay a little too fast , " she lied .
tr	PAST	But one thing was certain , Mother Ambrose dealt justly with everyone , no matter how provoking the circumstance .
tr	PRES	" I care for them , " Emma whispers .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed pleasure like this existed .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side and studied me .
tr	PAST	' You can come in , ' I announced .
tr	PRES	Overhead , a fuzzy yellow sun shone through a foggy haze of grey .
tr	PRES	Her husband 's salary buys some things , but it 's running thin .
tr	PAST	He pondered this question and poured another generous draught from the bottle .
tr	PAST	The river stole my breath , numbing me with fear all over again .
tr	PAST	He estimated the lower branches at twenty to thirty feet above the ground .
tr	PRES	The crowd bursts into applause .
tr	PRES	Like a cool breeze on a dry summer day , a plane crash .
tr	PAST	My two best friends were butchered .
tr	PRES	Elena glances up and sees me , then sees Reece .
tr	PAST	Warning bells shrieked at the very thought .
tr	PAST	He surmised she was much younger than he first guessed .
tr	PAST	His stomach churned with something new , something cold and unforgiving .
tr	PRES	It fills my ears , sweet drum .
tr	PRES	Inside the cabin of the boat , Doug opens a refrigerated compartment and pulls out a deep vegetable drawer at the bottom .
tr	PRES	" Frightened , off-balance , insecure .
tr	PAST	The demon feared eradication more than facing Satan for failing to drag a soul to the fiery depths of Hell .
tr	PAST	Rich leather chairs circled the chrome and glass table , located centrally in a cavernous chrome and glass room .
tr	PAST	" Got it on tape .
tr	PAST	" I agree , " Tiberius concurred as he lowered the binoculars .
tr	PRES	" The bookstore helps , Dad . "
tr	PRES	Too tired to hold up my own arm , it fel to the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Oh spirits , I really don 't want to compete , " she mumbled quietly .
tr	PAST	The servants flocked to the table filling my cup full of berry juice and placing a hot bowl of gooey pink porridge in front of me .
tr	PAST	The man flicked the lime rind out of his drink .
tr	PAST	Every muscle in Romain 's body tensed when he thought about Moreau touching his daughter the way he had on that tape .
tr	PRES	Then he disappears from sight beneath a horde of the flesh hungry monsters .
tr	PRES	" In the spare bedroom ? "
tr	PRES	- from 707 Ways to Cheat at Solitaire " Wow , darling , relax .
tr	PRES	' Maybe a quarter mile .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the field exploded , sending every one of us diving face first into the snow .
tr	PAST	I exhaled before I spoke .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes it helps .
tr	PAST	He sensed that Jacob the barman was standing over him now .
tr	PAST	My drink sloshed over the cup 's rim onto my hand , luckily missing my dress .
tr	PAST	" A lot of people split up when they have a child who dies . "
tr	PRES	Kayla clears her throat to get the rooms attention .
tr	PAST	She pinched her bottom lip between her teeth and shifted on her feet .
tr	PRES	I assume he 's the reason you 're out of sorts . "
tr	PAST	Lights swirled around me for just a moment before an intense , scorching heat slammed into my body .
tr	PAST	Mr. Yee regarded him with shrewd caution .
tr	PRES	The cop talks at the same time as Mel .
tr	PAST	" She skipped my class !
tr	PAST	This puzzled The Walls .
tr	PRES	He points ahead slightly next to the base of the hill .
tr	PAST	Then he quickly regained his composure .
tr	PRES	She scoots off my bed and crosses to the door , nudging Gale 's leg with her hip as she passes him .
tr	PAST	' That doesn 't mean I caused his death because I knocked him out , ' Luke announced fiercely .
tr	PAST	Hiding a smile at Louisa 's obvious disappointment , Grace motioned the bartender over .
tr	PRES	I assume the purpose was to determine if I was following you or not ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone holds very , very still .
tr	PRES	It touches my cheeks , riffles the hairs left on my head and pushes smoke into my eyes .
tr	PRES	He places his hand on my shoulder , his arctic touch causes me to shiver , but not from the cold , but desire .
tr	PRES	Moody sexy dark eyes .
tr	PAST	Had Casey really just drunk dialed me and said the things I think she had ?
tr	PAST	When I was twelve , I created a storm that lasted three days .
tr	PAST	He preferred to steer clear of the fanatics , but at least they could be counted on to plow through to the end .
tr	PAST	I retracted my hand and Pete fell to his knees along with his rifle .
tr	PAST	The scream rocketed around Karen 's brain .
tr	PRES	She arches her back away from the seat gasping , and I know she 's right there .
tr	PRES	She refuses to go hunting with me .
tr	PRES	I lean against the whiteboard .
tr	PRES	" Ethan , this is my best friend , Tori . "
tr	PAST	Dark bristles shadowed his jaw .
tr	PAST	An indistinct image wavered before her and vanished .
tr	PRES	He holds on to my arm , refusing to let go .
tr	PRES	Evan arches a brow as he positions his foot on his knee .
tr	PRES	" If you don 't mind my awful handwriting . "
tr	PAST	She doubted any of her men were up this far , since most of the cattle were down in the valley .
tr	PAST	" What are you - " I began to straighten , but as soon as he came into view , I froze .
tr	PAST	He reeled around and , flushing with aggravation , glared down at me so fiercely , I almost cowered .
tr	PAST	The look drawn across her porcelain skin and fine features revealed nothing .
tr	PRES	" I know that , " he mumbled and turned his own attention back to the passing landscape .
tr	PAST	Rain washed over the shuttle 's portholes .
tr	PAST	" If I became a vampire ... " He stiffened so suddenly that she stopped speaking mid-sentence .
tr	PRES	Oh that explains it .
tr	PRES	The door opens from inside and Reginald steps out .
tr	PRES	Once you take over the running it ceases to be anything to do with me . "
tr	PAST	He reluctantly withdrew and I backed away from him .
tr	PAST	Kate writhed in the pleasure , wondering how she was going to survive without going up in flames in his arms .
tr	PRES	The more people who enter , the bigger the winnings , so I 've been told to mention it to every table .
tr	PAST	' Well he lied .
tr	PRES	" When you 're a Prime , especially an heir Prime , your life stops being your own once you graduate from college .
tr	PRES	" God hates you . "
tr	PAST	No matter , Coulter grunted .
tr	PAST	His sense of humor appealed to her .
tr	PRES	Each of the many rooms floats in the air upon a hovering slab of earth , arrayed in the distance like a dark , cloud kingdom .
tr	PAST	" This way , " Katie motioned as we plunged through the waterfalls rushing from above .
tr	PRES	This time , he holds my gaze .
tr	PRES	" I assume all three finalists live in the Puget Sound area ? "
tr	PRES	He glances at me before glancing at Juliette , who 's now chewing a grain of rice very carefully .
tr	PRES	The second he asks the question , the answer pops out of my mouth .
tr	PRES	Jacob lies immobile , surrounded in a fiery lasso as the demon rips him apart .
tr	PRES	It draws itself in and is no longer the snapping disembodied head in a cloud , now ; it forms a solid core to stand before me .
tr	PAST	The sharp-edged words pierced the comforting darkness of his sleep .
tr	PAST	> Relief washed through him .
tr	PAST	He calculated the time by the long shadow it threw across the square .
tr	PRES	What if it changes things between us ?
tr	PRES	The underlying commonality that weaves through his worlds of research , romance , and immortality finally presents itself for Michael 's acceptance or rejection .
tr	PAST	Mat grunted , walking over to open the chest and check on his gold .
tr	PAST	Ship 's deep voice boomed through the cabin , causing loose pieces of the ship to vibrate .
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PAST	He regarded her a moment , then nodded , leaned over and blew out the light .
tr	PRES	" And our nephew from my side , Decker , and his wife , Dani . "
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	Our kiss deepened , and he moved his arms around me and pressed me to him .
tr	PRES	The ghost of a smile touches his lips .
tr	PAST	Gwendolen proceeded to take off her own dress , waiting to have her hair wound up by her mamma .
tr	PRES	I 'll tell you later , " Mel snaps at Marty .
tr	PAST	She bounced around , trapped inside pure sensation as her body fragmented .
tr	PRES	" But not happily . "
tr	PRES	I lean forward and put my forehead on my knees .
tr	PRES	Who doctors the doctors ? "
tr	PRES	" And the reason for two different lists ? "
tr	PRES	" A palm reader in Dupont Circle .
tr	PRES	She lets out a scream as they are overpowered and something snatches Rachel from my mother 's arms .
tr	PAST	Lauren 's head bobbed forward , her chin resting against her chest at an unnatural angle .
tr	PRES	The Delta Queen , that 's the name of your boat , correct ? "
tr	PRES	" What -- " he begins .
tr	PRES	" I stink . "
tr	PAST	Digby prowled around , watching over the entire group , while Wilmot stood in the back , thinking to himself .
tr	PAST	With a growl of frustration , she clasped his wrists and pinned his arms to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Denton ? "
tr	PRES	Dr. Liam wishes for you to have another day to remember , si ?
tr	PRES	" Before whatever killed them ... " " Comes back for us ? "
tr	PAST	Johnson 's radio buzzed and his voice became muffled as he lowered it to speak .
tr	PRES	This time he was looking for a clean up crew that he would take outside to clean up the zombie remains .
tr	PAST	' All of them , ' urged Spike , bending down to add the last leg bone .
tr	PAST	Myles froze while picking up the Swiss Army knife he 'd left on the nightstand .
tr	PAST	Her mother dismissed her .
tr	PAST	We toasted the New Year and each other and made resolutions .
tr	PRES	Once I 'm seated beside Pen on the bed , Blaze explains the game to me which is basically truth or dare .
tr	PAST	Louis regarded his prisoners in silence .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head , Jenny retreated a step .
tr	PAST	Kelly Taylor 's single word swirled through his car and conscience .
tr	PRES	" That 's what a sugar daddy will get you , " Bradley stage whispers .
tr	PAST	I giggled , relieved by his humorous tone .
tr	PAST	One of the soldiers produced a key ring and opened a door on the left side of the hall .
tr	PRES	Then , I swing around , seeing one beach umbrella and one beach lounge chair in the sand .
tr	PRES	" People protection . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry Warrior , " Aria states sadly .
tr	PAST	As he ate , he scrolled through the pictures on his phone .
tr	PAST	He replayed the conversation with Clare in his head .
tr	PAST	None of the others received threats , did they ? '
tr	PAST	" Then you just described Heaven .
tr	PRES	If we get rid of you , Atlantis falls !
tr	PRES	Others gape , their mouths hanging open .
tr	PRES	" Oh , it changes your priorities " Lily would say , but she didn 't know if she meant it .
tr	PAST	" What a party , " he exclaimed , taking a seat beside Aunt Marilyn and raising his glass in a toast before emptying the remainders .
tr	PAST	His teeth plunged into her neck .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she lied .
tr	PAST	" She never reported it and wouldn 't cooperate with the police while she was recovering in the hospital .
tr	PRES	" Absolutely , positively , impossibly , certainly , " - I peaked a brow at him - " Dare me to continue ? "
tr	PRES	I hiss , shaking away from him .
tr	PAST	Some of the people handled it quite well as everyone is different .
tr	PRES	Darkness fills their view as they enter into the void .
tr	PRES	To make himself inconspicuous he wore elegant dark evening clothes with a black cravat and white gloves , rather than his gray German uniform .
tr	PAST	Gabe motioned toward the phone .
tr	PAST	After washing off the last few traces of blood on her arms she washed her face and applied foundation , eye shadow , and lip gloss .
tr	PRES	" You look starstruck , " I shout over the music , fanning my face with my hand , my skin already getting damp with sweat .
tr	PAST	She trusted me . "
tr	PAST	Help me through this , she prayed more than once .
tr	PRES	" You do know a little of my family history , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	" So deep ... " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	" I can 't help he doesn 't like what he sees , " Finn stated coldly .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and turned to swim away .
tr	PAST	" Sounds like we are supposed to stay , " Boone stated wide-eyed .
tr	PRES	May the perpetual light shine upon them . "
tr	PAST	" You 're both correct , " she taunted us .
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded to take the contents out of the bag .
tr	PRES	" My darling Laura .
tr	PAST	Morn described it as the swift unraveling of a brief affair between him and the Empress .
tr	PRES	" It 's not about trust , Max , " Martin explains .
tr	PAST	Joshua and his team proceeded cautiously , not wanting to come upon any enemy or civilians who might compromise their operation .
tr	PAST	As they stood , Jeffrey and the server emerged from the kitchen and started clearing away the dishes .
tr	PAST	I twirled in the middle of the mosh , thrashed my hair around , and jumped like I was on a pogo stick .
tr	PRES	" I fear I have not made my position clear to you , ' tis my temper curse it .
tr	PAST	Selena sensed that there are some clues here , but couldn 't understand what it is all about .
tr	PRES	The horrible cries and shrieks echo through the room between the rhythmic sucking sounds as the ghouls refill their lungs .
tr	PAST	I scoffed , happy to see that the blood stopped dripping down my finger .
tr	PRES	" And Phillip ? "
tr	PAST	He also treated her less like a half person than the rest .
tr	PRES	" Hands up , you sexy bitch .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh .
tr	PRES	" Well he can 't use it now , 'cause I 've got it .
tr	PAST	He feared for Asha 's life if she didn 't stop her deliberate acts of defiance .
tr	PAST	I dive onto the ground , trying to help him , but I know that he needs real medical help to restore him .
tr	PAST	Michael untied the bow at her waist which was the only thing holding her dress on .
tr	PRES	The sun still shone down warm from above .
tr	PRES	He holds it away from him and begins to cough and gag at the sight of the blood .
tr	PRES	My lip twitches with jealousy .
tr	PAST	Even with the amulet to help , it still required a lot of power , but the results were equally powerful .
tr	PRES	Slowly , one of them begins to reach under his coat .
tr	PAST	Blake motioned for Gail , Clark , and Jacobs to follow .
tr	PAST	Guilt exploded like buckshot , leaving dozens of holes in me .
tr	PRES	He backed her into the shade of a nearby palm tree , his warm breath along her neck launching tingles all the way to her toes .
tr	PRES	" Because other parts are still off-limits to me . "
tr	PRES	' Hello , sexy .
tr	PRES	He plays the role of host quite convincingly .
tr	PAST	The car quit moving .
tr	PRES	She wears a pale golden dress that moves through the air like waves in water .
tr	PAST	Vin quickly Pulled the vial to her hand .
tr	PRES	Instead , she reaches out to clasp my hand as Baron leads us to the first room off the tunnel we took away from the main area .
tr	PAST	" It 's kind of complicated , actually , " I hedged .
tr	PRES	Fox snorts and I 'm the only one who turns to look at him .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PAST	The more outspoken misogynists blamed her for the Foxes ' failings .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned at the thought though .
tr	PAST	' Might put us in a zoo , ' Spike countered .
tr	PRES	Something snaps inside me , breaks , like a rubber band , the only thing that was holding me together .
tr	PAST	Bessie nearly screeched the word , her face a picture of honor , and Charlie grimaced .
tr	PRES	Dozens more overflowed from the numerous trash bins .
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger at Nick .
tr	PAST	He announced , " So glad you could join us . "
tr	PAST	Heat exploded on either side of her , fire rolling high into the night sky .
tr	PRES	" A reflection ? "
tr	PRES	I assume you made up the PR comment in those texts . "
tr	PRES	" Though she was pretty keen on you , eh ? "
tr	PAST	" You tricked me . "
tr	PRES	" But what causes tremors ? "
tr	PAST	Lucan and his warriors of the Order dealt in swift , deadly justice , and had never known the taste of defeat .
tr	PAST	Politics combined with familial pride created a stalemate in place to this day .
tr	PAST	" That 's not enough , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	Energy ripples through my muscles like rain falling in a fertile field .
tr	PAST	Lulu skipped off , squealing in delight , looking for someone to play with .
tr	PRES	He parks the truck near the front , puts his hand on the shifter , and pushes it into park .
tr	PAST	He squinted ; the light hurt his eyes .
tr	PRES	" I 'll start there , " he mumbled and cranked the car engine .
tr	PAST	Lifting my chin with her cold index finger , her eyes bore into mine .
tr	PAST	" I have no idea , " I lied .
tr	PAST	He stifled a yawn , hiding his mouth with his hand .
tr	PRES	I wipe the sweat from my forehead and try to ignore the weight on my chest .
tr	PRES	" Callum - " Then he concluded , " Until the last three weeks . "
tr	PRES	A slow breath eases from my lips as I recollect my last visit with Gemma .
tr	PAST	" I have it , " I announced .
tr	PRES	What if he tries to take over my body again ?
tr	PAST	The faded blue eyes never wavered .
tr	PRES	" But about Mr. Steele ? "
tr	PRES	A car that looks suspiciously like my mother 's blue Chevy pops up in my rearview mirror .
tr	PRES	They barter them to Demons to do their dirty work .
tr	PRES	Fierce determination flashes in her glossy eyes .
tr	PAST	Claire elbowed him lightly laughing .
tr	PAST	We exhaled at the same time .
tr	PRES	And finding myself alone in there once again , I punch the wall next to me in frustration .
tr	PAST	Nick reread the contents for the third time .
tr	PAST	I exited the tunnels and walked through the forest .
tr	PAST	Somewhere in the house , a window shattered .
tr	PRES	The words echo in my head , in my ears , even after the shots ring out .
tr	PRES	" She already loves you .
tr	PAST	" Go , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	Before I knew what I meant to do , I slapped it from the table and lunged from my seat , stomping on the articles .
tr	PAST	" Best damn security agent I 've ever had . "
tr	PRES	" Spin around , cuz .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Markman to step up onto the platform .
tr	PRES	He tries backwards again with no luck .
tr	PAST	My parents named me after an archangel , and they felt it was only right that I use the whole name all the time . "
tr	PRES	He opens it up and takes out a corsage in its little container .
tr	PRES	" And Robin belongs with us ! "
tr	PRES	" We 're just not a good thing together , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	His imperceptible eyes revealed nothing of his reaction of this to me .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand , then squeezes .
tr	PAST	Chapter 16 Nearly the Whole Plan During January and February the cold Nevada winter reduced flying to a minimum .
tr	PRES	He pushes his blonde hair off his damp forehead .
tr	PAST	The wind ceased to blow , and for a moment there was total silence .
tr	PAST	" You acted as you thought you must , without consideration for yourself , and for that you are to be commended .
tr	PAST	His eyes fastened on mine as his mouth lingered above me .
tr	PAST	As his breath tickled her skin .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Brynn , I 'm sorry , " he murmurs , as he pulls my hair out of my face .
tr	PRES	" It was my first time , " she mumbled and at first , I thought I 'd heard her wrong .
tr	PAST	Emma fiddled with the ankle strap on her shoe , wishing she knew what they meant .
tr	PRES	She whipped her head back again and uttered with feeling , " Thank you . "
tr	PAST	An arrow pierced her heart , but this one hadn 't come from Cupid 's bow .
tr	PRES	I bow my head .
tr	PAST	Release shattered her as she surrendered to the pleasure , to his power and control .
tr	PRES	I exist as what I am and you , born as a human , exist as who you are .
tr	PAST	He sought her out in seconds , his fingers slipping between her thighs .
tr	PAST	I highlighted the entry called " HQ " and was rewarded with a recording that all circuits were busy and to try my call again later .
tr	PAST	When their footsteps had receded down the hall , Jasmine circled the desk and perched on the edge of the chair .
tr	PAST	John 's eyes reflected the troubled sky and the jagged hole that now resided in the ceiling .
tr	PAST	He flicked his gaze to me , before refocusing his attention on Mom .
tr	PRES	A youth of about sixteen leaned against the brick wall of the school , black bangs hanging in his face .
tr	PRES	" You know everyone , " I observe with a little awe .
tr	PRES	Nolen mumbled some salutation of thanks and left as quickly as he could .
tr	PRES	Layla snaps , her voice defensive .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the gun in his hand into the waistband of his jeans , this time in front .
tr	PRES	" The Admiral will inaugurate the fifth town in a month , " announces Adam .
tr	PRES	So clearly the key lies in deciphering more common meanings for some of its clues .
tr	PAST	She replayed her predicament .
tr	PRES	" You just want to drive around and impress girls , " Ashe teased .
tr	PAST	Of course , I only pretended to eat my cookies , which I promptly spit back into my milk .
tr	PAST	Woods ' frown deepened .
tr	PRES	A small silver disc holds the date we pledged our love for each other .
tr	PRES	It brings everything full circle .
tr	PAST	They bore every mark of excellent and meticulous workmanship and were as clean as need be .
tr	PAST	" Huh , " Wynn scoffed .
tr	PRES	" And since the divorce ? "
tr	PRES	" My fire and ice Bride .
tr	PAST	" I served a friend , and he got in a pretty nasty wreck . "
tr	PRES	Like a nasty crawling spider on a wall . '
tr	PAST	I advanced several steps into the alley , slapping my cudgel into my other hand .
tr	PRES	" Ellen just likes to give me a hard time . "
tr	PAST	his grandfather piped in .
tr	PRES	A fine rug padded the pounding of his feet .
tr	PRES	Hephaestus opens his mouth , undoubtedly to claim he does care , but Ares cuts him off .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze for just a moment before he closes his eyes .
tr	PAST	" You burnt it , Pol , " he accused .
tr	PRES	" Careful , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	He holds my hand tenderly and touches my band with the tips of his fingers , as our bands connect there is a blinding flash .
tr	PAST	Your blood strengthened me . "
tr	PRES	- Mostly adventure and gangster movies .
tr	PRES	' Oh dear me , Nightingale ... you really are out of your depth here .
tr	PAST	He tensed and glared at her stubbornly .
tr	PRES	" Not even a hint of personality or distinctiveness .
tr	PRES	" Jump , Miranda , " he whispers , the sound of his voice dragging across my skin with claws .
tr	PAST	The scent of it lingered too , like the water from a vase after the flowers have rotted , faint and sweet and spoiled on her skin .
tr	PAST	After a long soak , Amanda announced that she was famished .
tr	PRES	Wu Gang brings lanterns shaped as vast lotuses and serpents .
tr	PRES	" You 're going to need to give a speech at the reception , " Gage points out .
tr	PAST	My moans pitched higher until the rabid sounds that hung on the air around us were unfamiliar .
tr	PAST	The snow exploded out and showered mucky slush all over the streets and buildings .
tr	PAST	She clutched the head to her tightly .
tr	PAST	And with that , both agents secluded themselves into their own thoughts .
tr	PAST	There 's got to be a few thousand people here , " marveled Pamela .
tr	PRES	The chamber emptied in a rush , Reef quelling Soren 's objections with a few firm pushes , Bear last to step outside .
tr	PRES	Persephone screwed her face up .
tr	PAST	Scouts reported that they were on their way .
tr	PAST	Jay cocked his head in question , " What do you mean ? "
tr	PRES	He frowns , a look of consternation .
tr	PAST	Today , that saddened her .
tr	PRES	She points directly at Trevor .
tr	PRES	I yell with attitude .
tr	PRES	A revolving red light flashes through the window .
tr	PAST	Her torch revealed a small staircase of about ten steps , which led down to another long , narrow passageway .
tr	PAST	The test proved a huge amount of alcohol in his blood .
tr	PAST	A floorboard creaked underfoot and he froze .
tr	PRES	They shout in futility for assistance that will never come .
tr	PAST	The sudden uncertainty in Robert 's face provided a modicum of relief .
tr	PRES	He likes soccer , too , and baseball and Xbox . "
tr	PAST	" What the ... I don 't get it , " he claimed .
tr	PRES	Michael lets go of Gabriel ´ s neck as he nearly chokes him and the mysterious Arc falls to the floor from the pain .
tr	PRES	" Through the door , you moron . "
tr	PAST	Grace announced , " I 'll be back in a couple of minutes and hopefully the doctor will be here when I get back . "
tr	PRES	Alec stands , cutting off any response I might 've made .
tr	PRES	" Moron , " Ethan mutters then looks at me again .
tr	PAST	When the waiter came and asked what we all wanted to drink , I panicked inside .
tr	PRES	Her breaths slow , and then they stop .
tr	PRES	' Oh , do you think so , Arnold ?
tr	PRES	Those gray clouds , blotting out the sun , temperamental and sullen .
tr	PRES	Instead , another crash and scream sound from outside and Ben reaches down and picks up his bag again .
tr	PRES	" Half god , but whatever . "
tr	PAST	The truck rumbled down the main street , coming to a stop beside a huge tree .
tr	PAST	Casey stuffed the coins in her jeans pocket and left soon afterward .
tr	PRES	" In what way do my children differ from humans ?
tr	PAST	The chauffeur alighted and held a door open for Hal .
tr	PRES	" Does Coin retrieve it and bring it back to me ?
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed again and this time displayed a Zurich number .
tr	PRES	' If not he dies , the siege begins and your people starve . '
tr	PRES	Those who lusted after the more exotic sex slaves .
tr	PAST	I cowered in fear .
tr	PRES	Two of the ' dignitaries ' politely excused themselves , citing impending lectures as the reason .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the guy 's sleeve , pointing towards Gary 's room .
tr	PRES	" Duff buddy what are doing here ?
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice a tad brighter than earlier .
tr	PAST	The last rays of the sun highlighted his eyes and Karla could see the fear and anger there .
tr	PRES	We arrive at her office , after walking through the series of hallways .
tr	PAST	A gigantic smile engulfed her face as she turned to see Cade 's muscular arms leaning on the back of her chair .
tr	PAST	He eyed me suspiciously .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over and he seemed to have forgotten all about me .
tr	PAST	Chapter 4 Chelsea awoke to hot sunlight burning over her eyelids and face , cool , crisp sheets against her skin , and the smell of coffee .
tr	PAST	Sea spray needling the air again , he steered around small icebergs littering their path .
tr	PRES	" Hot chocolate . "
tr	PAST	With a muted screech , I stormed back toward camp , ignoring the string of apologies James spilled behind me .
tr	PAST	He feared the answers .
tr	PAST	Megan 's voice pierced the silence .
tr	PAST	William plopped down in the chair that belonged in the bargain basement of the Salvation Army and pulled me down onto his lap .
tr	PAST	I shiver , my thoughts jumbled as if they 've been manipulated somehow .
tr	PRES	I swing left , narrowing my eyelashes .
tr	PAST	Her back itched with the thought that someone could attack her from behind .
tr	PAST	She snaked her way down his body , taking in his musky , masculine scent until she was inches from his rigid erection .
tr	PAST	He blamed himself for the rediscovery of the vessel .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed finally , exciting curiosity in Arthur .
tr	PAST	Mr. Dunn scribbled furiously on the piece of paper in front of him .
tr	PAST	" Not just people I have bribed to let me know what 's happening there , but all the people that associated with Russell .
tr	PRES	This brings me to you : I know the basic facts regarding the death of your brother , Gene , in 2004 .
tr	PRES	Doing his best to infuse a greater depth of understanding to the lives of all those he touches .
tr	PAST	Josh quickly calculated how long he 'd be forced to live like this .
tr	PAST	The word hooked its claws into him and left his heart bleeding .
tr	PRES	He remembers that day so well .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PAST	Lydia 's laughter tickled my spine like a feather .
tr	PAST	Somehow , Savannah navigated this minefield without reacting to any stress I redirected her way .
tr	PRES	" Because , " he hisses , " because , because they lied to us .
tr	PRES	Marlene 's boyfriend of course rises to the top of the list .
tr	PRES	He chokes on his beer , spluttering to catch his breath .
tr	PAST	The window shattered into thousands of pieces and blew over the cab .
tr	PAST	Wulf propped his head against his hand as he watched the TV .
tr	PAST	He stated as his hand dropped to his side .
tr	PRES	" It stands there for a minute , just staring at everybody . "
tr	PAST	" She always volunteered to comb the forest for refugees .
tr	PAST	He exhaled slowly through his teeth .
tr	PRES	It was near dusk , it was crawling along , lights flashing , a low bass thump rattling nearby windows .
tr	PRES	He refuses to get close to anyone . "
tr	PRES	He glances up at me .
tr	PRES	" Agreed , " Kiran , Talbott and Jericho mumbled in unison .
tr	PRES	' Let 's go to the Orchard , ' Julie mutters . '
tr	PRES	Raffaele winces as the sword digs into the flesh of his neck .
tr	PAST	She freed her flashlight , turned it on , and shone it at the bottom of the boat .
tr	PRES	The finality of it all bothers me and makes me think it and I are completely wrong .
tr	PAST	Her gaze faltered and fell .
tr	PAST	She doubted it was enough protection but there wasn 't much else she could do .
tr	PAST	The van slowed without her foot on the gas .
tr	PRES	" And Chow ? "
tr	PAST	" Have I abandoned you yet ? "
tr	PAST	Her would-be " friend " claimed he too was getting money , but Clary could not imagine who would be handing out francs up on the bridge .
tr	PRES	He holds up a finger and continues counting to himself , finishing by scratching another number next to the last paragraph .
tr	PRES	" As you wish , Madam . "
tr	PRES	Skyler added the last sadly , her lashes fanning her cheek as sleep overcame her .
tr	PRES	" On the Mountain ? "
tr	PAST	" Mon Dieu , " Monique exclaimed as she stared at the burning speedboat .
tr	PAST	He trusted her more than any other god or goddess , but he also worried about how aggressive she was .
tr	PRES	Five 's skin returns to normal .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over every feature on his face and suddenly his eyes are the only reassurance I 'll ever need .
tr	PAST	When he said no , my stomach churned .
tr	PAST	He pinched his thumb and forefinger together .
tr	PRES	Ari disappears for hours at a time .
tr	PAST	" I DO NOT LIE , " he boomed , and I shrank back from the heat .
tr	PAST	With a cry she slapped me across the face once then backhanded me .
tr	PRES	Patrick tries to pull away , but the blond boy has moved behind him .
tr	PRES	At once it begins to climb up , up , winding and climbing back towards the tall shadows .
tr	PAST	I appealed to Dec for reassurance .
tr	PRES	I punch , but it flies through his head .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Tammie sniffs .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and his fingertips disappear into the rift .
tr	PAST	She worshipped this particular Quentin , literally .
tr	PAST	An angry anthill best described what I found when I parked in the driveway .
tr	PAST	One emerged victorious , carrying the other 's heart , and charged toward me .
tr	PRES	On your own , with nothing to do but ponder how best to appease me .
tr	PRES	My heart slams into my ribs .
tr	PRES	They celebrate their duality , not by your hedonistic means of seduction , but through their own acceptance .
tr	PRES	" A little food , I beg you , captain , " she implored , " for my hungry brother and sister !
tr	PRES	" I see you , " he taunts .
tr	PAST	The reporter outlined Donald Price 's known itinerary .
tr	PAST	She preferred to push any thoughts of her ex-husband from her mind .
tr	PRES	She glances from Mother to me , and Mother answers .
tr	PRES	So , I wing it .
tr	PRES	The door slams and I am like a rag doll being dragged as my legs again whack the stairs .
tr	PAST	She preferred to think of it like the news broadcasts always promoted it , " A drug deal gone bad . "
tr	PRES	I snap the phone open as guilt piles on top of my shoulders .
tr	PAST	I signed the forms , I lied in court . '
tr	PAST	David exhaled through his nose .
tr	PRES	Damien helps me aboard , and once we 're strapped in , he signals the pilot and the bird takes off .
tr	PAST	Jackson replaced his stroking thumb with his lips , kissing my palm softly .
tr	PRES	" These latest French fashions are the tiniest bit scandalous , especially with that neckline dipping ever so slightly off your shoulders , " Madame murmurs .
tr	PAST	But slowly the details emerged .
tr	PRES	He removes the crossbow from its hook on the saddle and pulls three quarrels from the quiver .
tr	PAST	" I 'm calling in tonight , " he announced , backing away from the counter .
tr	PAST	She steadied herself with her left hand and lifted the bloody sheet .
tr	PAST	The final impact proved far more jarring , harder , harsher .
tr	PAST	Dad 's established a long tradition of serving this country .
tr	PAST	Eric threaded his fingers through her soft hair at the back of her neck and urged her forward .
tr	PAST	Rhiannon readied her speech .
tr	PRES	Your brother , Jimmy , and his daughter , Amanda . "
tr	PRES	We await the laird to question him . "
tr	PRES	" It also brings self-confidence back to the villages .
tr	PRES	Nicole tries to smile , giving me a half smile .
tr	PRES	The same thing when he started slapping his thighs .
tr	PAST	I stole a look at Alec .
tr	PAST	" You boys clean up and I 'll bring home pizza tonight , " Karen tugged at her brother as she headed for the door .
tr	PRES	" Our cell phones ? "
tr	PRES	Slade likes this spot and we decide to move the set .
tr	PAST	I exited the car , crossed the sidewalk and entered the lobby of the building .
tr	PAST	A few days later , she received a call .
tr	PAST	Her mood brightened significantly when she saw Sunny .
tr	PAST	Shelton brightened and nodded .
tr	PRES	' Stop talking nonsense , old man , ' he mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	Liz scooted in closer to Sam .
tr	PAST	A long strand of fire flicked out from the pit and snapped in the air like a whip .
tr	PAST	Wolf Eyes charged by the people inside the mouth of the cave .
tr	PRES	And a little English . "
tr	PAST	She withdrew a piece of chalk from her pocket and bent down .
tr	PAST	" He pretended like he knew stuff about my dad .
tr	PAST	The next hand Bradford split 8 's , and drew 18 and 17 , while the dealer showed 16 .
tr	PAST	Kaye stomped her athletic shoe in protest .
tr	PAST	He dove for me and I braced myself for the stab but it never came .
tr	PAST	Astrid cowered from the movement , her hand fumbling for a weapon .
tr	PRES	Sometimes he disappears for a day or two .
tr	PAST	After seven , he transformed into a gourmet chef whipping up French cuisine with such instinct you never would have guessed he was Norwegian .
tr	PRES	' Never talks about it ; not even with Stu . '
tr	PRES	The real Gemma throws up all over the ground .
tr	PAST	Hades ' cheeks deepened in color .
tr	PAST	A shiver stole down her spine .
tr	PRES	As I release him , she releases me .
tr	PAST	Continually ducking and looking all around me , I zigzagged toward a display of bathing suits that looked like they were made of pretty flammable material .
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to turn , to view her attacker -- however ; she is unable to do so .
tr	PAST	" You 're our replacement crew , " he announced as we gathered around him .
tr	PRES	The more I need the complete and utter silence she brings me when she 's tucked tight in my arms .
tr	PRES	Interviews , taped matches , and stories were played of all the boxing greats .
tr	PAST	Duncan slapped the book closed , what were they thinking ?
tr	PRES	" And Samuel ? "
tr	PAST	Charlie and Kate thanked Milford and promptly left .
tr	PAST	" We taped newspapers over the windows .
tr	PAST	They reported on her small-town roots , her stellar education , her pricey beachfront condo , her devastating breakup with Philip .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , and made the tiniest , neediest sound .
tr	PAST	His glare pierced a hole in her heart .
tr	PAST	Verity unzipped the duffel bag and shook out her green silk dress .
tr	PAST	Hali stifled a laugh .
tr	PRES	" But afterward ? "
tr	PRES	" Hello , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Internally , I cringed .
tr	PAST	Reyes 's voice pierced her mind and jerked her from the dream .
tr	PAST	as I crawled out .
tr	PAST	This reassured him he would not be able to track a target through secondary auditory input , even unconsciously .
tr	PRES	As I sit up , it occurs to me that it is too quiet .
tr	PRES	One of the girls opens a box and presents a mask .
tr	PRES	But you ruined it .
tr	PAST	She stiffened , and he turned to face me .
tr	PRES	He whispers , " A man is only as good as his word ... and my word is good . "
tr	PAST	Together she and James exited the room , closing the door behind them .
tr	PAST	Jake reflected , ' You know , I 've wondered what might have become of her , had she cracked before , started blabbing . '
tr	PRES	" Are you stupid , lad ?
tr	PAST	She stormed away before I could reply .
tr	PRES	He stands up and stretches .
tr	PAST	The light bounced off bright metal insignia fastened to his clothes .
tr	PRES	And the same applies , naturally , to your robots .
tr	PAST	Declan 's creamy white shirt glowed softly against his tan skin .
tr	PRES	" Hades deserves that .
tr	PAST	She preferred her claws over the blaster , anyway .
tr	PAST	Lucia shuffled the pages to her resume .
tr	PAST	They successfully exited the hotel onto the streets of New York City .
tr	PAST	He immediately blamed me of course .
tr	PAST	The man flattened big hands on the counter , both angry and defensive .
tr	PRES	Every second that I don 't hear his heart beating beneath my ear , the silence crushes me .
tr	PRES	He stands the same height as Vel , but he 's easily half again as wide .
tr	PRES	Melina glares at me .
tr	PRES	I gulp , and nod my head .
tr	PRES	The skin on my palms is peeling back , the veiny orbs lifting up , throbbing .
tr	PAST	She battled the whipping white flakes with her sleeves .
tr	PAST	The words bounced around in his head like a bullet in a submarine .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps calling it a law is a bit of a stretch , " he teased before his smile disappeared and his face turned serious again .
tr	PRES	One night after working late , she witnessed a man being murdered in the parking lot by a gang of men .
tr	PRES	He holds it out from his body and turns it so the blade points in , at his stomach .
tr	PRES	I tune out the screams .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate your father . "
tr	PAST	" She only cost us as much as one of the cameras you break whenever you 're in a bad mood . "
tr	PAST	She grunted again and said , " That salad tastes like vomit anyway . "
tr	PAST	I prayed that my instincts were wrong .
tr	PAST	He trusted Duane , of all people .
tr	PAST	A lone butterfly flapped distantly in my belly , and a charge of electricity shot straight up my sternum into my heart .
tr	PAST	I motioned for her to cross , figuring there was no reason for both of us to ruin our commute time .
tr	PAST	Strands of her hair caressed his skin like live wires against a switchboard .
tr	PRES	The hair on my arms stands with his call .
tr	PRES	" On April 23 , 1984 . "
tr	PAST	Jamie adjusted tactics then .
tr	PAST	No matter how I tried , that accusation never ceased .
tr	PAST	I screw up more than I don 't .
tr	PRES	Eve stops a few meters away , and even though she has not belonged to the army for many years , she springs to attention .
tr	PAST	Anon never revealed what would happen next .
tr	PRES	The Shaman opens the door in his usual attire .
tr	PRES	" He talks like a goddamn teenager , too .
tr	PAST	Kurt hopped into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	No one bothered to answer his question .
tr	PAST	Crying out softly , she cowered in her blankets .
tr	PRES	The voice of the dead woman fills the darkness .
tr	PRES	Oh , you idiot .
tr	PAST	He sniffed at it as if the scent of the blood was the finest nectar made .
tr	PAST	The question lingered in the air .
tr	PRES	When my hands straddle the corner , I swing my right boot up over the side .
tr	PRES	So the barrier remains .
tr	PRES	A plain sweater , and my hair -- " flowing " -- in its usual wide clip at the nape of my neck . )
tr	PAST	" Also Faith stole money from Uncle Russ .
tr	PAST	Kira froze so abruptly that it felt like she 'd run into an invisible wall of cement .
tr	PAST	Colette 's mother shrieked her name in the background , Colette sighing .
tr	PAST	Terrified , the crowd retreated from the sight of the beast , pressing against the far walls , crushing others in their fear and panic .
tr	PAST	Gray clutched the phone now , awaiting a call from Director Crowe .
tr	PAST	Magnus 's cat eyes glowed .
tr	PAST	The commissioner eyed the piece of paper with interest before leaning forward .
tr	PAST	Four men in dusty khakis armed with a collection of firearms emerged from the back truck , casually taking defensive positions .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you !
tr	PAST	He pondered her question .
tr	PRES	" For twelve hours at a time ?
tr	PRES	When you add them up over millions , then billions of years ... " He shudders .
tr	PRES	He glances back at his team and indicates that they sit also .
tr	PAST	Stone 's eyes flicked behind Clint , probably to his pile of fallen men .
tr	PAST	The pain required my attention and the anxiety of my encounter with the policeman began to fade .
tr	PAST	Maybe I acted too soon ; this looks like it 'll be marvelous ! "
tr	PAST	Her body jerked like I slapped her .
tr	PAST	Hanna lingered a few paces behind , pretending to be really interested in the Steam menu board , even though she had it memorized .
tr	PAST	I predicted there would be plenty of time for him to get growly during the day if that was how we were starting things out .
tr	PRES	Instead of tensing up , he relaxes .
tr	PRES	Don 't they feed you anymore ? "
tr	PAST	Takeo plunged into the grass once again .
tr	PRES	Could each marker be different ? "
tr	PAST	Time slowed to a crawl as the creature barreled towards her .
tr	PRES	" You make me sound boring , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Apparently she likes pieces of crap .
tr	PRES	Jael slides to his feet .
tr	PAST	" Oh please come , " An auburn haired woman wearing square glasses said .
tr	PAST	It smashed against the stone wall , thousands of pieces of glass cascading down among the red liquid .
tr	PRES	Tearing herself from the boy 's grasp , Less gracefully flips back onto her feet , though gravity betrayed her senses briefly .
tr	PRES	" Take me , " I begged .
tr	PAST	He marveled at their ability to weave an engaging story .
tr	PRES	" Drag that by again ; boiling a frog ? "
tr	PRES	She clears her throat , sounding nervous .
tr	PRES	He plays on the basketball team , even though by " play " I mean he sits on the bench .
tr	PRES	" The Fascist Era dawns ! "
tr	PAST	Then she dumped her small bag onto the makeup vanity , and a whole beauty arsenal fell out .
tr	PRES	' ' Ok . "
tr	PAST	Several voices around the room lent support .
tr	PRES	" Done , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	In spite of her outrage and her sorrow , she silently prayed that there wouldn 't be an unwanted baby in the wake of this horrible night .
tr	PAST	They slowed when they reached the hotel and strode toward it , as if they belonged .
tr	PAST	He tugged on her hips , drawing her close enough to capture a hard , peaked nipple in the heat of his mouth .
tr	PAST	I froze and then I recalled everything from last night .
tr	PAST	I bounced my legs along the back wall of the pool and watched the ripples expanding away from me .
tr	PAST	I crouched down beside her .
tr	PAST	The rest you achieved all by yourself .
tr	PAST	I exited the bathroom and was immediately maneuvered against the far wall .
tr	PAST	He crouched , pulled Pyotr to his side in the crook of his stumped arm , and clicked off his flashlight .
tr	PAST	Charlie chimed in and Amy nodded in agreement .
tr	PRES	" Our powers stem from nature .
tr	PRES	" From what Mr. Gascoigne said to me , I conclude not . "
tr	PRES	She giggles , shaking her ponytail .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he tries to sound out the next word .
tr	PAST	The mole transformed into the tattoo .
tr	PAST	He smacked at the taste .
tr	PRES	He misses a step .
tr	PAST	" Can we just ... just quit while we 're ahead ?
tr	PRES	When Olivia 's dad doesn 't immediately discount the idea , my breathing stops .
tr	PRES	Now I screwed the whole thing up .
tr	PAST	She eyed me as she said it , knowing what effect it would have .
tr	PRES	As I walk home through the crisp autumn air , the memory consumes my thoughts .
tr	PRES	She stands back up .
tr	PAST	Until then , I 'll take my leave of you both , " The mechanized android dismissed itself and left the laboratory .
tr	PAST	Lights glowed through restaurant windows , but there were few patrons at this hour .
tr	PAST	Adrian regarded me with a mischievous look .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , slowly released every molecule .
tr	PRES	I bow my head for a moment .
tr	PAST	I stole a look across the gym to see Officer Mayer rubbing his chin , his mouth twisted in something bordering on disappointment .
tr	PAST	I pretended to examine the dressing on my arm to hide my surprise at the direction our conversation had taken .
tr	PRES	Somehow ... " " Hephaestus ' experiments ? "
tr	PAST	I mentally thanked him , hoping that the thanks might reach him telepathically .
tr	PAST	Her fingers sought and found Mikhail 's , entwined with his , yet her gaze never left Gregori 's face .
tr	PAST	The principal at the orphanage named her Pesticide , as she always tend to destroy the group of people .
tr	PRES	" You 're a sex maniac , " Garrett teased as she ripped the corner of the packet and practically threw the condom at him .
tr	PRES	Passing from one realm to the other causes the loss of memories forged in the place you left behind . "
tr	PAST	Lifting a towel , she revealed a small automatic .
tr	PAST	I pierced and stabbed several flesh and blood , until I was pulled out from Scar 's grip .
tr	PRES	The thought of almost dying made my insides churn with acid .
tr	PAST	When a second one came he leaped out of bed and rushed to the hallway to see his sister standing there .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth walked outside directly to where Nadia stood on the sidewalk nearby , her bracelet of witching charms still clutched in one hand .
tr	PAST	Robert persisted , examining every inch of skin on her face and neck .
tr	PRES	They both vanish into the mist , and the last thing I hear is hooves scrabbling , frenzied , and then Puffin wailing .
tr	PRES	Before Elder has a chance to speak , I add , " And maybe the same person who sabotaged your space suit . "
tr	PRES	" WHAT DID YOU SAY ?
tr	PAST	Randy announced moving to sign into Elizabeth 's Twitter account .
tr	PRES	She reaches across to him .
tr	PRES	" Oh , this passes muster ? "
tr	PAST	Without warning , the vixen witch leaped into the air high and readied itself for its next attack .
tr	PAST	Thomas leaped to the right as the rock erupted in molten orange .
tr	PRES	How many stitches ? "
tr	PAST	Although I have to admit that most of what I did see baffled me . "
tr	PRES	" More , " she begged .
tr	PRES	Daniel 's face disappears from the conversational device .
tr	PAST	An unnerving sense of pain jolted through my body as I jumped up and away from him .
tr	PRES	Serena lets the back end of her trident drop so her weapon is now parallel with her body .
tr	PRES	She sees me do this , grins because she has my whole head , and turns cross-legged towards me .
tr	PAST	He thanked me extremely for the money , and I gave him a bit extra as compensation for the bad position he had been put into .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , running toward him .
tr	PRES	a furious voice bellows from the kitchen .
tr	PAST	He collapsed onto his back and held the bronzed ear to his heaving chest while he looked at the beams of the tree house above him .
tr	PAST	Robert crumpled to the floor .
tr	PRES	Not all of them click . "
tr	PAST	Flood currents had formed long , narrow hillocks topped by tufts of alder and willow that made Conway think of unruly haircuts .
tr	PRES	" 1000 Winding River Trail . "
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	Blake fanned his fingers along the edge of her dress to the small of her back and pressed her close .
tr	PAST	What if in the future , someone freed him ?
tr	PAST	Randall 's head emerged from beside her , and David knew that he had been " feeding " on her .
tr	PAST	On the proper angle of the flash , the properties of light ... His breathing steadied as he opened his eyes .
tr	PRES	He flicks his tongue to hold in what little moisture his body holds , not daring to let any of his precious fluid escape .
tr	PRES	I bow my head and close my eyes .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Johnston , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Elder Ainsley scoffed , grabbed the bannister with both hands , and leaned over to peer down at Aidan .
tr	PRES	" Caught you looking , " Selena teased .
tr	PAST	Drago screamed , his head snapping around , those pitted red eyes finding her in the precarious shelter of the tree .
tr	PRES	MacKenzie and I yell at the same time .
tr	PAST	He eyed Cole and the others in turn .
tr	PRES	Mack pushes the button for the elevator , and I slap his hand away .
tr	PAST	I flung my head upwards , spraying everything around me with water .
tr	PRES	With that he launches into the final plant lecture of the morning .
tr	PRES	He glances around at the handlers , growing impatient at the scene .
tr	PRES	" Um ... okay , Rourke .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , hovering right where the foyer ends and the living room starts .
tr	PRES	A smoking beam falls from the ceiling , scraping down the side of Krauss .
tr	PAST	Watching the mile markers pass , Clay fidgeted with nothing to do for the moment .
tr	PAST	Madeline 's world slowed to a standstill .
tr	PAST	Automatically , Anderton collected the fresh cards which had been turned up by the spinning machinery .
tr	PAST	Bree squinted at me through the bright midmorning light .
tr	PRES	a shrill voice rises above the chant .
tr	PAST	He crawled over to the helicopter .
tr	PRES	You worship one who tried to end our lives .
tr	PRES	' The neck ' , she replied , praying that her love wouldn 't find her repulsive .
tr	PRES	He thumps to ground , coming to a rest at an odd angle .
tr	PAST	He crouched in front of her .
tr	PAST	" And it cost me some size to armor myself like this .
tr	PRES	" Jesus , " Gabe breathes .
tr	PAST	A perfectly executed ambush .
tr	PAST	one of them exclaimed through his face mask .
tr	PRES	One boy pushes the other off the edge of the curb .
tr	PRES	Says she was pregnant when she found out and couldn 't stand the thought of raising her baby alone .
tr	PAST	He squinted down at his arm .
tr	PAST	Sitting on the edge of her cushion , Catherine served them each a cup of tea .
tr	PAST	Grace faked a girly laugh .
tr	PAST	I hauled him by the arm toward the other cells .
tr	PRES	She whispered his name , desire drenching her voice .
tr	PAST	Took over houses and apartments human vacated .
tr	PAST	She exhaled as if she were trying to get a grip on some internal struggle .
tr	PAST	The dog 's ears pricked and his eyes opened .
tr	PAST	Chloe cocked her head as she looked at Chase .
tr	PRES	Finally , he allowed , " She remains at St. Francis ? "
tr	PAST	I tugged at the strap of my tank top and slowly turned in a circle to check out the rest of the neighborhood .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I assume you 've done one before . "
tr	PAST	My heart slowed to a healthier rhythm when I found nothing .
tr	PAST	He thanked the pub owner and walked out the door to follow the crowd .
tr	PAST	I shrank back against Caden .
tr	PAST	Ms. Moore motioned for us to go in .
tr	PAST	she hollered as she put the finishing touches on her makeup .
tr	PRES	The helmet cam streams his frightened expression back to the Russian command center , and the Russian lieutenant smiles .
tr	PAST	I crawled under the covers , waiting for my eyes to adjust and having the strange idea that Cassidy could see me just fine in complete blackness .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , with the slightest disturbance of air , she swooped down and landed on my outstretched arm .
tr	PAST	He chased me into a mine .
tr	PAST	" The MRI showed that your wife has a concussion , which we knew , " Dr. Milford reported , sitting in a chair across from Luke .
tr	PRES	I analyze it , thoroughly searching for what they could possibly be thinking and feeling .
tr	PRES	" But the opera opens in two weeks ! "
tr	PRES	That the immature returns to his mother 's kitchen with no other thought than the smell of boiling rice and frying bread .
tr	PAST	" She lied to you .
tr	PAST	Megan fiddled with the hem on her dress .
tr	PAST	He prayed with his eyes open and his hands lifted toward heaven .
tr	PAST	Kirstie pitched aside her workbook and sprang to her feet .
tr	PAST	Kit exclaimed , " At least she thinks so and indestructible too . "
tr	PAST	The River Guard hopped off their horses , gold armor glinting in the sun , and drew their sharp steel swords .
tr	PRES	Turning , I creep back inside .
tr	PAST	Fire sprouted from her hands .
tr	PRES	" She deserves more time to learn about her powers .
tr	PAST	Faint , purplish bruises shadowed his jaw .
tr	PRES	But looking , again he heard , and seeing , he wondered , " Surely they freeze ? "
tr	PRES	' It strikes me that folk takes their peril with them into Lorien , and finds it there because they 've brought it .
tr	PRES	" Miss Theresa Gray . "
tr	PRES	" Fine , " he mumbled and clicked the keys on his laptop .
tr	PAST	Her extended hand wavered , then fell to her side .
tr	PAST	She prayed they were okay .
tr	PAST	Harvey Udell replaced the receiver and then picked up the telephone again .
tr	PAST	I doubt you 'll have any trouble , Errol reassured him .
tr	PRES	We started to sway , her head resting against my chest .
tr	PRES	" I know he 's my husband , but I 'll still vouch for him , " Carla teased .
tr	PRES	She ful y intended to take advantage of the fear she spotted in the girl 's eyes .
tr	PRES	What you need , Cop ' um ? "
tr	PAST	They shrieked , their sharp tails whipping around them like a sword .
tr	PRES	He throws his hands up in the air .
tr	PAST	Jayme bounced to her feet and straightened her sun dress and then looked at her partner .
tr	PAST	" I 'm still a little cold , " she lied .
tr	PRES	She giggles and turns in my arms , only to jerk back when we 're face to face .
tr	PAST	He zipped his jacket up to his chin , huddled his shoulders and began to walk .
tr	PRES	she asked , her voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" I think your pet kitten 's hungry , " Zeph comments on the mewing .
tr	PAST	The crowd quieted , and turned to look at her , stunned .
tr	PAST	Olivia smacked her friend .
tr	PAST	" I do not understand , " she stated clearly , no emotion in her voice .
tr	PAST	She almost charged ahead , then changed her mind .
tr	PRES	" -- made for him on June 1 , 1982 by Susanna Carol . "
tr	PAST	Marlon sped down the stairs immediately , lunging for his mother .
tr	PRES	" I can 't , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes his life exactly as it is .
tr	PAST	Her voice faltered as she said his name .
tr	PRES	Although , I 'd love to be in the position to buy houses to remodel and flip . "
tr	PRES	Epistemology Being one of the more active branches of philosophy in the West , epistemology attempts to answer questions involving the nature and limits of knowledge itself .
tr	PRES	He brings my legs up and together long enough to pull the scrap of fabric over my thighs and off .
tr	PAST	No one dared to stir .
tr	PAST	He attempted a few combinations he thought Robert might use , but he knew he wasn 't likely to crack the password .
tr	PAST	He checked it over , a natural habit , then secured it through his belt .
tr	PRES	Hoist the Jolly Lucas begins September 1 , 2082 and ends March 14 , 2083 .
tr	PAST	When I didn 't hear him approach me , disappointment washed over me .
tr	PAST	She destroyed Veron 's regime at the age of twenty four ! "
tr	PRES	She suddenly begins to French kiss .
tr	PAST	He again extended his hand with the fruit , then took a bite of it and again extended the fruit .
tr	PRES	Pulling the child closer and looking down at him , she states , " I will make a promise to you little one .
tr	PRES	Rope wears away , just from the wind .
tr	PRES	That law protects more than it harms .
tr	PAST	" Me , neither , " she said , then giggled .
tr	PAST	I flapped it around a little .
tr	PRES	Guy weaves his way around the end of the couch and plops down into the corner again .
tr	PRES	At which the woman who escorted him back here , smiled and did a little half bow before she disappeared into the house .
tr	PAST	the boy proposed again , instantly crossing himself off my Christmas card list .
tr	PAST	" I don 't smell death , " he stated .
tr	PAST	He slapped the transmission into gear and just as he was about to floor it , he glanced in his side mirror .
tr	PRES	Ethan fills up my glass , then Tori 's , before settling back with his beer and a taco .
tr	PAST	Meir readjusted his load .
tr	PRES	" Are you good here , Cleopatra ?
tr	PAST	" You have a terrible imagination , Perry , " Al chided .
tr	PRES	" A porcelain doll . "
tr	PRES	His hand stretches toward me and then recoils .
tr	PRES	She holds them until they die and then she burns them . "
tr	PRES	" High School . "
tr	PAST	She felt absurdly naked , stripped of all her emotional protection , every nerve ending exposed and agitated by the merest stirring of air .
tr	PAST	Caught off guard , Cassie stomped on the brake , nearly sending him through the windshield .
tr	PAST	When she wrapped her hand around his hot erection , she stole his breath .
tr	PAST	Beside me , Tolliver stiffened .
tr	PRES	On the floor Marissa hugged Henry like a mother hugs a child hurt on a playground .
tr	PRES	" I think a big diamond ring comes first , " she teased .
tr	PAST	You denied them the gung-ho Maggie Thatcher they 'd hoped for .
tr	PRES	" Say it , and you 're a dead man .
tr	PAST	Wrapping the sheet around me , I scooted off the bed .
tr	PRES	An image of the creature we had encountered at the library flashes through my mind .
tr	PRES	Reaching back in after the near miss , Link rips his blade back out of Garo 's chest , barely managing to deflect the next attack .
tr	PAST	The one Rome triggered by uttering the phrase ' blue crystal reader ' .
tr	PRES	She uses a sponge to apply the oil .
tr	PRES	She ' ad a bruise on her forehead when I talked to ' er earlier . "
tr	PRES	She lacks my professional training , but I ' ve never met anyone more ruthless in the pursuit of her agenda . "
tr	PAST	Two days later a sedan barreled into him .
tr	PRES	It allows the user to render any opponent of a similar size unconscious for as long as is needed with one swift crack to the face .
tr	PRES	" That explains a lot . "
tr	PRES	I lean to grab the scissors from the floor and walk behind him .
tr	PAST	They crouched back down in a huddle .
tr	PAST	A woman emerged from the house bearing silver server .
tr	PAST	Walking a straight line proved to be impossible .
tr	PRES	But while the Bower stays , the forest changes .
tr	PAST	While Keita took a quick nap by the base of a tree a few feet away , Rhona crouched beside Ren .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , wondering if this is a bad idea after all .
tr	PRES	His voice slowly kills me inside , melting me .
tr	PAST	I know I can 't touch , but I know I can look , " Josie joked .
tr	PAST	They 're coming along nicely , engaged in a friendly competition now in the 0.5 C0 .6 Turing Quotient range .
tr	PAST	After the break , he danced the requested steps until the judges asked the ten participants to stop .
tr	PAST	It 's wearing off quickly , " Auron grunted .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , I lied .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out ? "
tr	PAST	Every time Robin saw him play with Cole 's Labrador , she marveled at how attuned they were to each other .
tr	PAST	I limp past him to the tree .
tr	PRES	" So , I assume you know what happened next .
tr	PRES	" And hello there .
tr	PRES	Rose glances around the office , then behind her , making sure no one else can hear her .
tr	PAST	When he refused they had his sister clipped .
tr	PRES	He stops , stares at a collection of papers in front of him and searches for four pages with the same photograph .
tr	PAST	She collapsed against Staffan , not realizing that this would only make his dick dig deeper into her .
tr	PRES	" Join us , " Max offers .
tr	PRES	Everything from diaper changes at the Steins ' house , to a very embarrassing conversation about lady business with William .
tr	PAST	' You lied to me ! '
tr	PAST	You risked everything to save it .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes again , blinking slowly .
tr	PAST	" I scored 425 on the test . "
tr	PAST	They swooped around wildly , green eyes burning bright and huge claws extended .
tr	PAST	Chapter 24 The blizzard The sun was up , but that didn 't mean it was much warmer out on the street .
tr	PAST	Neither time nor sleep served to turn him .
tr	PRES	I tip my face up to the sun , take a deep breath of the warm air .
tr	PAST	" Money and clothes , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	I inched back toward the hinges of the door so I 'd be behind him when he entered .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes and thought about asking him a question .
tr	PRES	" Well , I ... " " Admit it !
tr	PAST	The soft light in the room washed out most of the bright colors , leaving only muted , somber tones .
tr	PRES	" It 's the job , " Gabe whispers , and I 'm not sure who he 's trying to convince .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to be more honest with you right now , Jess , than I 've ever been with anyone in my life .
tr	PRES	In the middle of nowhere , in the melted remains of a boat .
tr	PAST	Fury swirled low in her gut and exploded from her lips in a ferocious roar .
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PRES	Gabriel took a step , his hands bal ed into fists at his sides .
tr	PAST	The encounter unsettled her .
tr	PAST	He withdrew from the militia and back to his farm .
tr	PAST	Tessa 's eyes twinkled with excitement .
tr	PAST	Laughing with joy , she advanced upon the startled aristocrat .
tr	PAST	As she smoked , she exhaled into the vent on the wall .
tr	PAST	Pa hollered from the other side of Ma 's grave .
tr	PRES	" Does this platter even exist ? "
tr	PRES	It actually belongs to Aurelio , but he rarely uses it . "
tr	PRES	' Now then , ' he wagged a stumpy finger in the air , ' shall we celebrate the accord with a few drops ? '
tr	PRES	" Push your boundaries , Lake .
tr	PRES	The principal stops , and we all crowd around my locker waiting eagerly .
tr	PAST	" My father ... " Marika clutched Jake 's arm to keep from falling .
tr	PAST	The scent of death was still clinging to him , the death of the boy crumpled in the yard , scent of innocent death .
tr	PAST	His bare arms revealed many thick strands of hair the same color as the one that grew on his head .
tr	PAST	The truth taunted and kept him from calling her .
tr	PAST	Alan had scooted the stool within range of the autopsy table , and he was reaching out for Alyssa 's hand .
tr	PRES	His presence affects mortals .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head and I pushed him onto the bed before slowly getting on top of him .
tr	PRES	Simon sees that now , and we can all do better with you up here . "
tr	PRES	" I can recharge it back at the lab every night , " Baldwin announces in turn .
tr	PAST	She dialed the voicemail access number and punched in her code .
tr	PRES	I lean my weight over toward him and kiss his cheek .
tr	PAST	A tear pricked the corner of her eye .
tr	PRES	" If you wrote it , well , now it belongs to you . "
tr	PRES	Immediate evacuation necessary . "
tr	PRES	" Be quiet , " Eden mumbled as she rolled over in her bed .
tr	PAST	He washed his hands , and picked up the plate to take outside .
tr	PAST	Fireworks exploded inside her head .
tr	PRES	" Baby doll ? "
tr	PRES	" Well , I can at least give you the illusion of her , " I retort hotly .
tr	PAST	Carlos panicked - then fired his pistol five more times .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	" It pisses me off because he stole what she could have been , you know ? "
tr	PAST	Because it makes me feel better , I repeat , a little louder , " Stupid . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , " Hartman states .
tr	PRES	The anger fades and misery takes its place .
tr	PRES	" It 's only water , " Hannah teased .
tr	PAST	Jett squinted his eyes .
tr	PAST	A bomb crater yawned across the whole width of the street like a monstrous mouth with broken pavement for teeth .
tr	PAST	She slowed in her stride before they reached the doors .
tr	PAST	I panicked , looking at the shadow man and then at the dumpster he was sitting on .
tr	PAST	No one , not Jake , not Charles , and not even Alex Saunders , attempted to stop her .
tr	PAST	" I volunteered there when I was seventeen .
tr	PRES	It allows for a greater lunging distance and makes you more difficult to hit . "
tr	PAST	It puzzled him why she was dressed the way she was and it puzzled him why she was even on that road .
tr	PRES	The thing still bothers me , though .
tr	PAST	I padded down the hallway , into the dim stairwell that smelled of sweat and the middle of the night .
tr	PRES	' Shall I scratch your eyes out ? '
tr	PAST	She advanced slowly , her eyes huge and round , but she didn 't look appalled .
tr	PRES	His eyes rake over me and there 's a flicker of comprehension there , like some details that didn 't gel are making sense to him .
tr	PRES	" It 's like you said , " Will whispers .
tr	PRES	She rather likes me .
tr	PAST	Before long a cascade of memories stormed her mind , and the full realisation of the past few hours forced her to shut her eyes .
tr	PRES	Dust chokes me , and I have to shut my eyes tight before it blinds me .
tr	PRES	Ethan clears his throat .
tr	PAST	" You physically intimidated me while telling me something wasn 't my business .
tr	PRES	" The dog hates you .
tr	PRES	" If you 're lucky , " I retort .
tr	PRES	A first aid kit down to a single pill of Advil .
tr	PAST	Harley taps the name into his floppy .
tr	PAST	Jacey stares first at it , then at me .
tr	PRES	He stands before the hatch and takes a deep breath before waving to the technician .
tr	PRES	Even something that only happened mentally .
tr	PRES	" Then why all the extra tests ? "
tr	PRES	I assume you 're like my sister and use a curling iron when you want to make your hair curly . "
tr	PRES	Now I teach you how to keep yourself from going mad with the visions that will start coming .
tr	PRES	With a sudden and jarring hydraulic whoosh , one of the tiles slides out of the wall , opening like a drawer , spewing cryogenic vapors .
tr	PRES	Our lips met , breaths mingling , as things suddenly became far more heated .
tr	PAST	It always bothered me that any suitably large area of grass can be called a park .
tr	PAST	Through the chains , he sensed the depth of her pleasure , nothing but heady passionate sensation .
tr	PRES	Their black hair shone in the sun , and their sharp , fierce eyes burned in their faces .
tr	PAST	" Speak slowly , almost painfully .
tr	PRES	" He remembers everything ?
tr	PAST	" She visited in April . "
tr	PAST	Cameron unfolded his arms , finding it difficult to focus on anything but Ainsley 's smile .
tr	PRES	I assume he didn 't take advantage of you in any way , but if you 'd like to verify that , I 'd be grateful . "
tr	PAST	" I can 't believe you 've read that , " Catherine exclaimed , shocked and a more than a little embarrassed .
tr	PRES	By the tiny crook of his lips , he sees something different .
tr	PRES	She landed awkwardly , her ankle buckling under the weight .
tr	PRES	" Well , I disagree .
tr	PRES	" That Doug and I were making out or something . "
tr	PRES	Then Pao said , " We 're going to tell him -- " " NO .
tr	PAST	" Never , " he denied , running his hand down her back and wrapping his arms around her waist , holding her closer .
tr	PRES	" The roles should be reversed , " I mutter , shaking my head .
tr	PAST	He transferred a rather substantial amount of money to your bank a fortnight ago .
tr	PAST	A groan rumbled up from deep in his chest and he took a deep breath a moment before he shook his head .
tr	PAST	I padded down the steps and through the shadowy rooms in a hurry .
tr	PRES	" I just remembered , " Rift announces , meekly backing away from the imposing force .
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss him , feeling his lips meet mine .
tr	PRES	He reclaimed the dish towel .
tr	PRES	He opens the door to let me in , then bows .
tr	PAST	I stormed off to where Dorian sat and managed to get him upright .
tr	PAST	A sudden wave of mixed voices washed , like a tidal wave of blood , over the jury box and the entire courtroom .
tr	PRES	" Riding on horseback . "
tr	PAST	The emptiness inside her yawned like a enormous black void .
tr	PRES	Tears prick my eyes and the breathing thing isn 't working and everything feels out of control .
tr	PAST	The television weatherman predicted sunshine for the rest of the day , with cloudy skies and rain to follow overnight .
tr	PAST	Olivia 's face crumpled as she struggled to hold back tears .
tr	PRES	Jules whispers , " Hair puller . "
tr	PRES	" Not the way everyone talks .
tr	PRES	Once she let go of her expectations of what society wanted her to act like , her natural intelligence and charm shone through .
tr	PAST	Eventually the corridor elbowed to the left .
tr	PAST	" It is time , " a man announced .
tr	PAST	This proximity created a sense of intimacy that made clients feel comfortable enough to share some of the most private details of their lives .
tr	PAST	Pulling her close against him so her head rested on his shoulder , he marveled at the rightness of it all .
tr	PAST	James 's gut churned .
tr	PAST	Mr. Thornton cocked his head , completely unperturbed .
tr	PRES	He offers me his hand to help me up , but I just can 't bring myself to take it .
tr	PAST	The portholes reversed their earlier transformation , going from a dark green to a blinding glare as the sub broached the surface .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok Nomi .
tr	PRES	She scrubs harder then reaches for the soap dispenser .
tr	PRES	The cavern holds something very precious that we must release .
tr	PRES	" He kills bugs all the time . "
tr	PRES	I yell out , " Hey ! "
tr	PRES	Staring at TV monitors .
tr	PAST	Line by line , the horror of the situation in Somalia revealed itself .
tr	PAST	Lyssa stated over and over again that the Drake was only protecting her and spurted out bits and pieces about the Muse brothers .
tr	PAST	As soon as the doors opened , I hopped inside , fidgeting the entire trip to the first floor .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his shirt pocket , pulls out a worn , yellow piece of paper .
tr	PRES	Joseph brings them wine before they even see the menus .
tr	PRES	He was impatient to know more but , at the same time , he dreaded what he was about to discover .
tr	PAST	" Hey , dad , " he uttered with an air of nonchalance while entering the room .
tr	PAST	The kids chattered all the way home , but Jeanette was quiet .
tr	PAST	The air around them brightened suddenly , a combination of the trees thinning out and the sun rising higher by the second .
tr	PAST	" That 's right , Hawk .
tr	PRES	She considers this for a moment .
tr	PAST	Right now , though , the morning sun provided quite enough light , even in this darkened room .
tr	PRES	She frowns and tucks the order book into her apron .
tr	PRES	Even I feel electrical snaps when he 's around .
tr	PAST	While he hesitated , I leaped forward , raised my knife high , and drove it down into his chest .
tr	PRES	" No problem there , especially if that laptop pays off . "
tr	PAST	" Um , I don 't think I 'm going to stay that long , " Rick hedged , glancing away .
tr	PRES	" Ibuprofen and a three-hour nap . "
tr	PAST	" The love that I had for your father produced a pack that I hoped I have honored .
tr	PRES	I kil ed my own brother , as I 'm sure you realize . "
tr	PAST	Its roof extended over the platform and provided cover on the other three sides of the structure .
tr	PRES	" I need water , " I begged , my voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	Chest stands up and smiles .
tr	PRES	" She doesn 't have a boyfriend , " she states , her voice irritated .
tr	PAST	He reentered the archive room to find everything exactly as he left it .
tr	PAST	He painted insane asylums and scenes that are terrifying . "
tr	PRES	He reaches down , catches my hands , and lifts me up like I weigh nothing .
tr	PAST	I painted it myself . "
tr	PRES	Everyone plays their part . "
tr	PRES	" He misses you . "
tr	PAST	" Never screw with a blind monk . "
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , struggling to turn around .
tr	PRES	He glances up but he cannot see exactly what it is that carries him .
tr	PAST	Then she hooked the piggyback so that the medication flowed into the line along with the saline .
tr	PRES	" Go wash up .
tr	PRES	He pops the cap and begins to chug down its contents .
tr	PAST	I skipped protocol and traveled to the Oak Land by myself .
tr	PRES	Deciding to stick to the jogging path , Jo wove her way past the first set of play equipment and into the wooded area .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , the leather jacket probably slows down your return volley . "
tr	PRES	Sean scoots closer to me .
tr	PRES	Jamie 's mother enters and smiles at me .
tr	PAST	Lea attempted the same thing and threw a right straight , but it was obvious that Payton 's right was going to land first .
tr	PAST	Sadi 's mouth curved in a predatory smile .
tr	PRES	- Uh-huh - I 'm a big fan of noir films too , perhaps we could watch a few ?
tr	PRES	" Of course I do , Mama .
tr	PAST	Reacher shuffled forward on his chair and leaned down .
tr	PRES	" I assume you don 't mean distance . "
tr	PRES	William 's head snaps back and he stares at me , his eyes wide and filled with guilt .
tr	PAST	The craft vibrated as its ducted fans began to go round and round , gaining momentum for what took place next .
tr	PRES	And someone slapping me .
tr	PRES	' And now my echo and I will show you why . '
tr	PRES	I chew through the branch , snapping it loose .
tr	PAST	She giggled and playfully smacked me on the chest .
tr	PRES	" Warning shots over our bow , " Hit reports .
tr	PRES	' Inspector , of just what are you accusing my client ? '
tr	PAST	Lara motioned to Howard Keller .
tr	PAST	" Well , he 's never acted as if he feared it , not the way Derek has .
tr	PRES	Without even thinking , my mouth opens and my tongue enters hers , devouring her .
tr	PAST	I dealt with bureaucracy and red tape all the time , but overbooking flights was something I 'd never understood .
tr	PAST	" Jerk , " Kevin mumbled under his breath as he shuffled in his chair .
tr	PRES	" Because I exist in your mind .
tr	PAST	A sleek black Hummer glided to a stop in front of the apartment , purring in the early morning chill .
tr	PRES	" Caught ' im one night out past the silo . "
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the snow , approaching again the two trees at the end of the row .
tr	PRES	He sees the fear behind my eyes immediately and lifts his hands to rub my shoulders , trying to help me relax .
tr	PRES	" That looks like a very old sign , " Michael said , " Shall we tempt fate and ignore it ? "
tr	PAST	In a way I blamed him , though I knew it wasn 't really his fault that Alex got shot .
tr	PRES	A large , hulking man paces the beach , just out of the tree line in front of them .
tr	PAST	I eyed the basket warily .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , " he begged .
tr	PAST	She swiped at him with her katana , only to be blocked by his saber .
tr	PRES	Mr. Percy sighs heavily , and sits back .
tr	PAST	Along the march to Civic we eyed girls but rarely made successful contact .
tr	PAST	Kneeling she eyed the floor critically placing her face along the carpet and looking down .
tr	PAST	His touch lingered for a moment , a surprisingly tender gesture , then he turned to Shea .
tr	PRES	" Another sports coach .
tr	PRES	" And Group B ? "
tr	PAST	He awoke with an elbow in his ribs .
tr	PRES	He opens the gate and takes my hand in his .
tr	PAST	' I 'm going to shower , ' I announced .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , no , " I said , hating myself for it .
tr	PRES	Rolling hills surround us , swaying trees encircle us and the smell of fresh flowers assails my senses .
tr	PRES	" Deputy Aaron ! "
tr	PAST	A constant buzz from insects vibrated in the air .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , adding to Jane 's encouragement .
tr	PRES	Did hypodermic syringes even exist back then ? "
tr	PRES	Even my virginity . "
tr	PRES	" Because it protects you .
tr	PAST	" I dared it to , for the sake of adventure .
tr	PRES	She remains silent but I can see the war happening in her mind .
tr	PRES	Time expanded , her senses warped .
tr	PAST	The two babies plopped down in front of each other and began to have a wordless conversation of goo 's and ga 's that had everyone smiling .
tr	PRES	His presence fills my head , pushes back the panic .
tr	PRES	We ditch Oliver ; we never have to go back to Morganville .
tr	PRES	Also , many warlocks not fabulous .
tr	PAST	Reaching inside his jacket , he withdrew the pistol and placed it behind the headboard .
tr	PRES	Little Paul brings you flowers .
tr	PRES	" But more than likely the demon responsible for this held him enthrall .
tr	PRES	Dham 's request stops me .
tr	PRES	Her hair was everywhere , brushing over both of them , the silken strands unbearably erotic on their sensitized skin .
tr	PRES	Says so right there . "
tr	PRES	" I detect no life signs whatsoever . "
tr	PAST	Mondragon related more details .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on my bed .
tr	PAST	He abandoned Anika when she was dying .
tr	PAST	As soon as Deputy Riley stopped the car , Alex thanked him and jumped out .
tr	PRES	" Our bodies crave each other .
tr	PAST	Most Lights in attendance preferred the new queen did , too , because the decorations reflected the Light being crowned .
tr	PAST	" Aren 't you guys required to do a sport ? "
tr	PRES	He tuned in to the sports talk zone , which was filled with basketball playoff and baseball season discussions .
tr	PAST	Then Lucas abandoned them altogether , and Clay was forced to grow up almost overnight .
tr	PAST	But somehow my body senses the change around me .
tr	PAST	Hyde destroyed Jekyll 's life .
tr	PAST	Peter ambled up the steps of the bus .
tr	PRES	defended Simon , realising how immature he had sounded .
tr	PAST	Once we were close to the other metal men , we all slowed down and moved silently in rhythm at the same time observing our new surroundings .
tr	PAST	At first she dismissed it , but involuntarily checked over her shoulder the next time they passed some women , and sure enough , they looked back .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth phoned me and said Summer started to cry and then left in a hurry . "
tr	PRES	" I , um ... " she lost her nerve .
tr	PAST	Mo cringed as he said , " I may have sort of popped one of his eyes with a screwdriver . "
tr	PRES	The warmth behind his smile seeps under my skin .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me and the excitement in her eyes makes me smile just a little , despite how tired I am .
tr	PAST	He claimed the tests were faulty .
tr	PAST	A couple of sod worms scampered across the box lid .
tr	PRES	The gypsy witch blinked and all four candles on the table burst into flames , drenching the cave in a bright light .
tr	PAST	He dared not look at Angelica .
tr	PAST	What bothered me was how the guy killed his girlfriend .
tr	PAST	Nolen 's lungs froze .
tr	PAST	Twice he limped to the spring house for cold water , enjoying the icy core it gave him before returning to his hoeing .
tr	PRES	' The necklace . '
tr	PAST	Connie squinted her eyes , wondering if they were playing tricks on her .
tr	PRES	" Yes , those two days were torture , " she teased .
tr	PRES	' But ... oh , I du n no ... all this sun , sea , surf and sand wouldn 't be good for me .
tr	PAST	Everything in my life suddenly hinged on this strange apparition that kept accosting me .
tr	PAST	I grunted as I entered her quickly .
tr	PRES	" No , just agreeing to keep the club 's business confidential . "
tr	PAST	" Because ... " He cocked his head as her voice trailed off and she didn 't finish her sentence .
tr	PRES	It explains everything from falling apples to how the universe works .
tr	PAST	Dr. Day reported that she saw you during a full moon and saw none of these signs .
tr	PAST	Glass shattered and the artificial wombs broke open causing the thick pinkish fluid to spew out on to the floor .
tr	PAST	He dreaded the thought that history might repeat itself , and feared that telling her would initiate a self-fulfilling prophesy .
tr	PAST	He steadied his face to be even .
tr	PRES	He holds court in the hotel lobby as if he were royalty .
tr	PRES	He sniffs at it as he comes to inspect my work .
tr	PRES	" From this day forward , your name is going to be Pierre , " Isabelle states .
tr	PRES	Her hand twitches , as if she 'd like to reach out to me , but she doesn 't .
tr	PAST	Guy cleaned me out . "
tr	PRES	" You got it , " he snaps , then quickly reaches into a pocket .
tr	PRES	" There should be a law against that type of thing , " Emily teased .
tr	PRES	Passing through the northern district , Zelda hears an angry woman shouting just before a small group of young children round the corner in a hurry .
tr	PRES	" Because the fishermen mentioned large , healthy wolves . "
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands in the sheets and wondered if she 'd splinter into a thousand pieces once he slid inside .
tr	PAST	He squinted through each window , unable to avoid the beams .
tr	PRES	Shimmery blue light falls on me , on the lake and the clock , and the dark ground .
tr	PAST	She tentatively flicked her tongue against his , kissing him back .
tr	PAST	And yet she trusted that Donovan would protect them .
tr	PRES	He falls right off , but the wire 's still got him , right ? "
tr	PAST	She turned to look at him , her eyes squinted slightly against the setting sun .
tr	PAST	Gregor jiggled his leg .
tr	PRES	" Seven holes surround the pentagram .
tr	PAST	The big guy cleaned up well .
tr	PAST	I broached the sinking of the Lusitania with them and one of them spat on the ground .
tr	PAST	Without another word she charged for the door .
tr	PAST	His other wing flapped in the breeze , ready to rip free at any moment .
tr	PRES	His strong hands wove into the long hair at the back of her head and drew her even closer .
tr	PRES	A lightness to her being .
tr	PAST	She never doubted that he 'd agree .
tr	PAST	The boys in blue , four of them , barreled through the Dock 14 gate .
tr	PRES	It dawns on me that I still haven 't heard Summer start the shower yet .
tr	PAST	Pausing at his stomach , she circled the base of his cock , working her fingers up to the tip .
tr	PRES	I freaked out , and I 'm sorry .
tr	PAST	Abe extended his hand .
tr	PRES	Her hands were on his back , her nails lightly raking over his skin .
tr	PAST	She swiped her fingers over her mouth to check for drool .
tr	PAST	Bastien stiffened and looked almost alarmed as he glanced toward the ceiling .
tr	PRES	I lean my shoulder into the wall and squeeze my eyes shut .
tr	PAST	" Because they are important friends of mine , " Agatha stated calmly .
tr	PAST	His teeth and eyelids clinched at the blazing onslaught .
tr	PAST	Angela only relayed what the vampires conveyed to her .
tr	PAST	Kalen reported as he watched the displays .
tr	PAST	It slowed , but then speeded up again and drove straight at her .
tr	PRES	" That was very nice of you , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	' Well , I 'm Brent , ' he stated , holding out his hand for me to shake .
tr	PRES	Max winks at her , and she grins .
tr	PRES	My senses tune to the trees above me .
tr	PRES	He just likes to talk big . "
tr	PAST	Seeing this , the captain steered toward an old open gate across the road , supported by crumbling brick columns .
tr	PAST	Reaching over the sink , he whipped open the medicine cabinet and grabbed a nearly spent tube of toothpaste .
tr	PAST	* * * Friday evening Julie floated through the front door to find her mother still up and watching TV .
tr	PRES	He slows the van and said , " I 'm serious ! "
tr	PRES	" That 's horrible , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	She eyed Caleb like she didn 't think his elevator went all the way to the top floor .
tr	PRES	TIM Yeah , pay me your share of the rent for once and we 'll call it even .
tr	PRES	Um , she likes to dance , especially with me .
tr	PRES	The rest of my offensive line destroys the defense .
tr	PRES	I smack my fingers against the counter and wince .
tr	PRES	" The island of Gela in the Iberian Sea . "
tr	PAST	Brian slapped the table .
tr	PAST	The demon exploded behind him with a deafening roar , summoning the demon soul .
tr	PRES	He reaches for something on his desk .
tr	PAST	Through the ages , new leaders and new priests adjusted the message .
tr	PAST	The Maxim provided some cover against the enemy as he ran .
tr	PRES	He loves you ... and so do I. " Then Andrew did something he hadn 't done all year .
tr	PAST	She ceased to be my mistress the day I met you . "
tr	PAST	Kells recorded it , played it , played me . "
tr	PAST	Reaching up , she withdrew the pin securing her hat and handed both to Beth .
tr	PAST	Losing his train of thought , Hank abruptly nuzzled Julie , then gave her a nice wet kiss on the mouth .
tr	PAST	" Because it was our inheritance that their family stole .
tr	PRES	I relax my grip around her sweater .
tr	PAST	Elena panicked - oh God , oh God , she thought helplessly - and froze .
tr	PRES	Simon throws up his hands , as though giving up .
tr	PRES	Justine climbs into the passenger side as Emma pulls her seatbelt over her chest .
tr	PAST	A wave of inexplicable horror seized , almost knocking him off his feet .
tr	PRES	" No ... " She slowly sighs , her chest rising and falling .
tr	PAST	The Scholar proved himself to be just as bad as the aristocrats running The Five Walls .
tr	PAST	He called Painter again , reported what he 'd learned , and coordinated logistics on their next move .
tr	PRES	" That 's because I think there was , " I mutter , rubbing my tired eyes .
tr	PAST	" You can let him down now , " the woman instructed , then turned to the creature .
tr	PRES	You provide cookies and orange juice . "
tr	PAST	Hunger replaced the pain .
tr	PAST	I immediately sensed danger .
tr	PRES	We mingle , talking to all of the potential bidders about how grateful we were that they came and how they are helping such a good cause .
tr	PRES	" ... up ... , " he giggles .
tr	PAST	He tensed with surprise , studying her face .
tr	PRES	This place just draws all kinds of people like us .
tr	PRES	If he stops to think about it , he falls off . "
tr	PRES	Apparently your schedule fills up quickly and I need to make advance arrangements . "
tr	PRES	" What kind of proof ? "
tr	PAST	His dark eyes are hard and shining like onyx , every muscle in his neck and shoulders coiled with tension .
tr	PAST	The guy 's Christmas tree socks matched his tie and suspenders .
tr	PRES	The man returns to being the strong , precise fingers on my right hand , another noble position .
tr	PAST	" Let everyone know that there will only be one group performing tonight , " Harmony instructed her firmly .
tr	PAST	When his hand left my skin I braced myself for the fifth , but instead he gently rubbed my skin .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand .
tr	PRES	" Keeping busy down here , eh ? "
tr	PAST	He balanced it on his thumb and then flipped it .
tr	PAST	" Seems to me men provided that life or at least vampires did .
tr	PRES	He tries to move and groans instead .
tr	PRES	He snaps a salute as if I haven 't , in fact , betrayed them all .
tr	PAST	He froze , not breathing .
tr	PAST	Kayla 's excitement lessened Angela 's anxiety about returning to Virginia City .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PRES	All of a sudden , Adams stops and holds up his fist , halting his two soldiers .
tr	PAST	Quentin swooped in and claimed her neck once again .
tr	PRES	He loves you like crazy and treats you like a princess .
tr	PRES	You add in auxiliaries , and you still have less than a dozen .
tr	PRES	" Not immature . "
tr	PRES	" Chase Denton . "
tr	PAST	Pam exclaimed , " You 're being rude to our guest .
tr	PRES	We proceed with the mission . "
tr	PRES	She folds a dishtowel and places it in one of the drawers before closing it and shutting the light off above the sink .
tr	PRES	This causes for a celebration . "
tr	PRES	" It 's a mistake , " she begged .
tr	PAST	I sped my pace ; I didn 't want to keep everyone waiting .
tr	PAST	She engulfed Ellen into her arms and kissed her on the cheek .
tr	PAST	A shape emerged from the hole , thick with black body armor and wearing a bulky helmet .
tr	PAST	They obtained glory and great wealth , yet it turned to their undoing .
tr	PRES	' One from the hearth that still holds the spark . '
tr	PRES	It hurt to even think about this day , let alone , relive it .
tr	PAST	You kinda drive like an old lady . '
tr	PAST	Every night as he slipped into unconsciousness , he prayed that if he did wake up , he would finally forget everything .
tr	PRES	" The public loves us ! "
tr	PAST	My hormones awoke with a jump-start !
tr	PAST	' I don 't know , ' she lied .
tr	PAST	Birds screeched and rose from the trees .
tr	PAST	All those who opposed him would have been exterminated as he often stated .
tr	PRES	Mavis snorts with amusement .
tr	PRES	She refuses to go with me . "
tr	PRES	If I get wind of you even thinking about stealing from anyone ever again , I expose you .
tr	PAST	" I hope the dress helps , " Margaret stated softly to Delilah .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " she mumbled as she wandered past us to the dining table , her arms swinging lazily at her sides .
tr	PRES	" And the stallion .
tr	PAST	" I 'm keeping you safe , " he countered , not offended at all about her words .
tr	PRES	She freezes and her breaths fall a little quicker .
tr	PAST	Reluctantly , I dialed my brother 's landline , praying that Ashley would answer , because everyone else would still be at work .
tr	PAST	He extracted a small bundle of receipts , flicked through them , stopped , and passed one to Stuart .
tr	PRES	" That same verbal command applies to you , too , Mama . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , yes , " Versace Man chimed in .
tr	PRES	Cy carefully helps disarm me and begins reloading in order for him to practice again .
tr	PAST	" Your armies , " Anon persisted .
tr	PAST	Then the Cavendish extrapolation on gravitational theory produced negative transformations .
tr	PRES	" An enchantment binds the particle in place .
tr	PAST	" I have a rep to protect , " Abigail massaged her temples and went over to sit on her bed .
tr	PRES	" And this is why I need you , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Bathory threaded through corridors with no hesitation , trusting her grotesque wolf to lead the way .
tr	PRES	Yes , he wears a claw fashioned like a crab 's . "
tr	PRES	He holds his hand out toward me , which is trembling .
tr	PRES	she yelled , her nails digging into the flesh of his back .
tr	PAST	The chest is broader , dusted with fine blond hairs that reappear low on a taut stomach .
tr	PRES	Sean sees the puzzle pieces snap together in my eyes .
tr	PRES	' The courier in me begs to differ . '
tr	PAST	So the babies stole bites from the pile of gunk in front of their mother .
tr	PRES	" Talk about overkill .
tr	PRES	" It will be fine , Corinne .
tr	PRES	He suspects not if their direction is now more mainstream .
tr	PRES	Casey stands up and joins him beside the desk .
tr	PRES	Warner flinches , unexpectedly .
tr	PRES	Miss Foster holds a great deal of clout in town for such a young woman .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PRES	Her face softens and memories seem to flicker in her eyes .
tr	PAST	" A trace of the name produced nothing .
tr	PAST	" Terry volunteered . "
tr	PAST	Zane asked , voice pitched low so only she would hear it .
tr	PRES	Declan reaches out for Mark J. 's arm .
tr	PAST	John sought out his connections again .
tr	PRES	Mum loves beautiful things .
tr	PAST	Normally we solved our own problems .
tr	PRES	Dove 's attention remains fixed on the last point where the sound came from .
tr	PRES	' They shine with intelligence .
tr	PAST	That obviously bothered Colin , though Rina couldn 't imagine why .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the wires whipped wildly in his fingers .
tr	PRES	It washes over you . "
tr	PRES	" How about some apple pie for two starving men ? "
tr	PRES	It changes , go .
tr	PAST	The wet tip of his tongue flicked against her nipple .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Cy murmurs .
tr	PRES	A fireman with oxygen begins working on Katrina .
tr	PAST	I clutched his hand a little tighter , which caused Noah to lean down .
tr	PAST	" Honey , don 't , " she begged , taking hold of his hand .
tr	PAST	" And especially right after we got engaged ? "
tr	PAST	He tipped his head and her stomach did a nervous roll as his lips came closer to hers .
tr	PAST	Zayne stiffened , but all he pulled out was a paper that had been rolled up .
tr	PAST	" I will find out who 's doing this and bury them , " I vow , turning towards Bernard .
tr	PAST	His chest rumbled with pleasure , but he caught my hand .
tr	PAST	Sky tugged at my sleeve and walked over to sit at one of the tables in the middle of the room .
tr	PAST	At the water 's edge he crouched down , made a cup from his hand , scooped up water , and drank .
tr	PAST	He retreated from the room before Dominic lost his temper and jumped his desk to get him .
tr	PAST	Odd how she now feared the living more than she feared the dead .
tr	PAST	She quickly dialed the number .
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PRES	" They belong to the Red Dragon Clan . "
tr	PRES	I looked over at my brother , the country badass .
tr	PRES	He was behind me , his arms unbreakable bands that kept me from hurting her or anyone else .
tr	PRES	Two sheets of paper , the thinnest file he had ever seen in MI5 .
tr	PRES	The same bed that had held an incredibly sexy , incredibly nak * d British boy .
tr	PRES	When the movie finally ended , and the lights came back up , he turned to me and said , " Naomi .
tr	PAST	He scooted his chair forward and squared his elbows on the desktop .
tr	PRES	Then I relax and stop fighting something that 's already happened , and the pain goes away .
tr	PAST	Slowly , the lair 's door flapped open .
tr	PAST	And ... that created people and animals .
tr	PAST	" He provided some intel to us a few times .
tr	PAST	Rings - and chains of a bright metal - not gold , he thought - adorned its limbs and neck .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , knowing that soon the road widened into two lanes .
tr	PRES	Then he slowly slides off the stool , and we readjust into a standing embrace .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	She dialed her home number , and Mike picked up the phone .
tr	PAST	In another four hours he strapped the medical capsule into a berth in one of Bonne Fortune 's cabins .
tr	PAST	Edward donned his scarf , wrapping it around twice with the upcoming promise of a Boston chill .
tr	PRES	White teeth shone against olive skin , in a grin that split the cold perfection of his features and warmed them to something far more appealing .
tr	PRES	" I await m ' lord 's merciful judgment . "
tr	PRES	" Honey , you don 't believe in ghosts ... " " Precisely .
tr	PRES	Another Ah ha moment when she had to think about it a bit too long .
tr	PRES	The amazon bit wears after a while . "
tr	PAST	The lights of the Riverview Inn glowed in the distance .
tr	PAST	" Hall monitoring is off-line , " she announced when he confirmed his connection .
tr	PRES	" Also possibly some cucumber sandwiches . "
tr	PRES	He frowns then coughs .
tr	PRES	If I could punch you right now I. . . "
tr	PAST	A sense of dread washed over me as I realized that was what was soaking through my clothes .
tr	PAST	That spot on her right temple itched .
tr	PRES	Jason joins his family and all three share a big hug .
tr	PRES	I revel in being naked as I swim .
tr	PAST	" Jesus , " I mumbled , suddenly trembling enough to shake the book in my hands .
tr	PAST	He served the Corporation , even though he knew they committed horrible acts .
tr	PRES	" The emergency services are the easiest to cut because most of the time you don 't need them , " he explains .
tr	PRES	His mother opens her arms and hugs him .
tr	PRES	His hand touches my cheek briefly , hesitates , then falls away .
tr	PAST	" Not a good idea Cress , " he squealed into the school parking lot .
tr	PRES	" By eight points .
tr	PRES	A quartet of philistine prophets .
tr	PAST	The moment you entrusted him with your past .
tr	PRES	It strikes me then that he 's sick .
tr	PRES	" My little brother , " Rock stated as he crunk the car up , " Went missing too . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Fifteen Ghosts of the Fairground I emerged , squinting in the darkness , trying to see where I was .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand .
tr	PRES	My daddy buys me presents all the time . "
tr	PRES	I recall the brief struggle I 'd had a few days ago , when I couldn 't remember Lucy 's name .
tr	PAST	" No no no ... " Orange Cap poured gas all over the seats inside , then tossed in a match .
tr	PRES	Gabby jerked her hands from his , all but slapping them away .
tr	PRES	This she was gleaning , handful after handful , a rich harvest .
tr	PAST	Silence accompanied them all the way down the elevator and through the tunnel .
tr	PAST	Dark green dots swirled around him .
tr	PRES	Six tries to punch Eight in the arm , but he quickly teleports behind the couch .
tr	PAST	He wagged his finger at Kaylee , " Someday you will have to learn proper regards , my dear . "
tr	PRES	" Um ... " Sonia mumbled .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his clothes and put on a condom before moving over her .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for reminding me , Governor .
tr	PAST	I squinted one eye open to see a face almost as nerdy as mine peering down at me .
tr	PAST	Although they wouldn 't say it to Nathan , he sensed that all of them had likely thought that he had abandoned them .
tr	PRES	He climbs astride and pauses before putting on his helmet , looking up at the faint glow that spills across the yard from my light .
tr	PAST	I sensed the shift , the rupture in our peace .
tr	PAST	She messed her hair up and , pouring water on it , made it into a tangled mess .
tr	PRES	The wet , coppery taste of blood slides over my lips , and I reach up to wipe it away .
tr	PRES	She disconnected the call and threw the phone onto the mattress in frustration .
tr	PRES	Finn sat hunched over , arms resting on the table .
tr	PAST	Not that Radcliffe treated her badly .
tr	PAST	He grunted and his eyes glossed over .
tr	PRES	She even dares to touch his shoulder when he caught her wrist .
tr	PAST	" He created nothing . "
tr	PAST	" Them lot couldn 't catch a fish from a bowl of Cook 's stew , " a voice boomed from the doorway .
tr	PAST	He flung down the fan and strode out of the hut .
tr	PRES	" My rebellion isn 't only because of her , " Cameron states , moving up beside me and into my line of vision .
tr	PRES	" He begged me to free you .
tr	PAST	He swirled circles around the inside of her mouth , drinking in her sweetness and wanting more .
tr	PRES	The crowd cheers their approval .
tr	PAST	a pleasant clerk inquired .
tr	PRES	However , my present and future belongs with you .
tr	PRES	When no one appears , she stands , closing the lids on her jars at the table .
tr	PRES	" I 'll always look after you darlin ' , I 'll never let anyone hurt you , " he murmurs in my ear .
tr	PRES	And again , even though originally they 'd agreed to start a family right away , both of them impatient .
tr	PAST	' That in a week you and I will be getting married , ' he provided .
tr	PAST	We pursued every available avenue in genetic research , freed from absurd government restrictions and cumbersome worker demands .
tr	PAST	Jesse sought each memory out diligently and he placed them in order .
tr	PRES	' What about my bike ? '
tr	PRES	" Please , call me Rick . "
tr	PAST	Her chain vibrated strongly once more and she opened to Adrien , to what he was feeling and experiencing .
tr	PAST	Reaching the crowd , he thanked the boy , completely forgetting to ask him who he was .
tr	PRES	He hisses back at her .
tr	PRES	" Don 't let him intimidate you , lass . "
tr	PRES	slides a hand behind his head and we watch the movie together .
tr	PAST	Kennan 's hands steadied my shoulders as I got myself under control .
tr	PRES	[ With that she slams the cab door and doesn 't look back .
tr	PRES	" She 's not a hooker , " I protest .
tr	PAST	" Straight up for you , Trent , " Hastings announced .
tr	PAST	She actually sobbed , her senses so heightened , her body so sensitized , his every movement sent whips of dazzling pleasure sizzling through her .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , kinda hints the ratchet clothes ... it 's our gang 's clothes . "
tr	PAST	She protected her trust carefully , guiding the king 's audiences with no desire to increase her influence .
tr	PRES	Excitement shone in her sister 's eyes , and Sabrina fought back the pain that coursed through her .
tr	PAST	I produced a few crocodile tears , which wasn 't hard , because I was in complete panic mode .
tr	PRES	Adam glances at me .
tr	PRES	" I don 't even know how they found out , " he mutters , not listening to me .
tr	PRES	That you steal mon enfant .
tr	PAST	She swirled her tongue over his neck .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat , uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	Metal squealed against metal , and the steering wheel vibrated in her hands .
tr	PRES	It strikes her briefly that the children don 't even remember that .
tr	PRES	Serena returns to Kai , and burgundy scales , brilliant against the pale sand catches her eye .
tr	PRES	" Please help me , Elle .
tr	PRES	We stir up a revolution in the school , just like Fidel Castro and Che Guevara did in Cuba .
tr	PAST	Samson sensed the clockmaker only pretended to sleep and spoke softly to him .
tr	PRES	Ken stands up and brushes the sand from his knee .
tr	PAST	She tipped her DSM slightly to get all her reflection inside the mirror first .
tr	PAST	In a desperate play for time I fling a heavy metal platter at his head .
tr	PAST	" I must admit , I doubted your interest .
tr	PRES	" And Chester ? "
tr	PRES	Shelby elbows her brother 's ribs .
tr	PRES	" My sister likes you .
tr	PRES	He throws his head back and closes his eyes .
tr	PRES	They wove their own cloth , dyed it with extracts from their own gardens , and hand-stitched it into brown robes .
tr	PRES	I whimper and the pain nearly knocks me out .
tr	PRES	The brightness of the beach fades into memory as their eyes adjust to the shadows of the jungle trees .
tr	PRES	The people she 'd hidden among and tried to imitate .
tr	PAST	His hand often lingered , she 'd noticed , as it had on the small of her back earlier .
tr	PAST	Sighing , she motioned for Kyle to follow her down the hall .
tr	PRES	" I assume why is was destroyed .
tr	PRES	He remembers everything . "
tr	PAST	" I am a bit cold , " I lied , faking a shiver .
tr	PAST	A moment later , she exploded , his mouth relentless and shocking .
tr	PAST	Morgan , a girl I knew from my physics class , shuffled backwards as though I was a giant zit .
tr	PRES	A silvery angel with crystal highlights and impossibly faceted wings .
tr	PRES	Jones owes us a few favors . "
tr	PAST	Having both lived on the street , the presence of the black bags bothered them .
tr	PAST	As soon as it was over , she ditched music class and found Della walking to the lake for kayak lessons .
tr	PAST	I hopped over and sat down on it .
tr	PAST	Lori 's whole demeanor bothered him .
tr	PRES	Colton ticks them off on his fingers .
tr	PRES	She reaches out to pinch my elbow .
tr	PAST	She glowed from between two friends , her smile warmer and lovelier .
tr	PRES	Instead , this pen automatically changes my writing into one standard , preset font to make communication more universal .
tr	PAST	He feared the Knight that lurked within him .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going , " she mutters , pulling the door open .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Annie interrupted .
tr	PRES	Uriah lets his arms fall to his sides , then reaches for Lynn 's hand , his lip quivering .
tr	PAST	They wove a path through the trees to the narrow strip of paved parking area behind the shop .
tr	PAST	The morning didn 't just hurry by , it hopped , skipped , and jumped by .
tr	PAST	He clasped Riddick 's hand as he pulled him into a one-armed hug .
tr	PRES	" Our destiny at times weaves a thin blanket for our comfort . "
tr	PRES	He talks to me like I have a brain .
tr	PRES	As Timothy peers inside the shark 's stomach with a scalpel in his left hand , he begins to type vigorously on the keypad with his right .
tr	PRES	" His former assistant .
tr	PAST	Marcie advised that it was smart to strike while the iron was hot .
tr	PRES	This guy , who keeps smiling , belongs on the front cover of a magazine , something like Esquire or GQ .
tr	PAST	The war Hunter referred to encompassed something much larger than that .
tr	PRES	" What about the other Death Walkers ? "
tr	PRES	" This changes everything ! "
tr	PAST	I rifle through mine , looking for something to sleep in .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I mumbled miserably , " I wasn 't thinking ... " " Correct , you were not thinking .
tr	PAST	" But , My Lord , " I dared a final time .
tr	PAST	I eyed her cup , even though I knew damn well it didn 't have alcohol in it .
tr	PAST	The stupid dog probably trusted me to take care of him .
tr	PRES	I recall when I stayed with you and Mira that you spoke very highly of this organisation and its impact on your school community .
tr	PAST	He doubted that words were enough for the raiders to change their mind .
tr	PAST	Still chewing and swallowing , Nicole merely grunted as she followed her downstairs .
tr	PAST	The dark leather almost matched the dirt on her skin .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not walking anywhere , sweetie .
tr	PRES	Carefully opening the door , Hector shone the light in and the two men quickly examined the contents .
tr	PRES	Waving his arm in a wide arc down past the waterfall , he describes the course of the river .
tr	PRES	My body folds into a horseshoe shape .
tr	PRES	I wipe my face .
tr	PRES	Arik loves me . "
tr	PAST	I witnessed it with my own eyes . "
tr	PAST	Maddie twirled her drink on its thin coaster , feeling the downward pull of the corners of her mouth .
tr	PRES	Tabby offers Logan her Princess Pillow because it always makes her feel better .
tr	PRES	And the cottage draws in the people that wish to come here .
tr	PAST	" It 's hard to find time to study with all the practicing I do , " I hedged .
tr	PRES	She lets out the tiniest little whimper at the first touch of my lips .
tr	PRES	" Mia , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Tension engulfed us as he moved toward the door .
tr	PAST	Derek trusted Cora and he paid dearly for it .
tr	PAST	Grace 's back curved against my fingers as if my touch brought her to life .
tr	PRES	A lazy smile plays on my lips as I bury a kiss in her palm before running her hand down my chest , slow and methodical .
tr	PRES	Jack braced my shoulders again .
tr	PRES	Everyone buys from her . "
tr	PAST	Somehow , I doubted it .
tr	PRES	She whispers , " Oh , my God . "
tr	PAST	Drying himself , he exited the bathroom and sat on his bed .
tr	PRES	Colorado loses its heat at night , but Gabe , as always , seems comfortable in just his t-shirt .
tr	PAST	As I did , he coiled a lock of my hair around his finger .
tr	PRES	" Still , uncanny . "
tr	PRES	She flashes a smile , knowing her comment has wounded him when he lowers his gaze .
tr	PRES	You must go , Mister Vimes .
tr	PRES	She points to something that looks like a red bus set on a track .
tr	PAST	Breathing deeply , I urged the horse onwards , propelling it faster with my own fervor .
tr	PAST	Behind this regal figure shuffled a mustachioed chauffeur in a uniform of sky-blue velvet .
tr	PAST	The sodium arc light from the parking lot revealed an old black-and-white photograph of three men sitting at a small table .
tr	PAST	" Hobbs , " I rasped when my butler answered on the first ring .
tr	PAST	Matt inched his way back toward where he thought the gate must be and stumbled .
tr	PRES	Trees and bushes stir and I know more are joining in the hunt .
tr	PRES	" No doctors . "
tr	PAST	She froze , gasping softly .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Malone ? "
tr	PRES	Messick stops again to check the faces of each juror .
tr	PRES	So saying , he slides a separation panel into place in the rat cage , dividing it into two areas .
tr	PAST	Michael handled it as well as he could and continued to excel at school and football .
tr	PAST	After repositioning her skirt to a more modest position , she inhaled deeply , letting the air fill her nostrils and lungs .
tr	PRES	* * * I watched her turn the page , then scratch her crotch .
tr	PRES	It also kills me to see her like this .
tr	PRES	Throwing himself to the floor sideways , he just misses being engulfed by the ball of fire rolling through the passage .
tr	PRES	My ears tune them out as I focus on Hayden standing up stiffly and gently pulling Olivia up after him .
tr	PRES	The tears threaten to come again , and Realm puts his palm on my cheek .
tr	PRES	Reagan 's mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	My mind went blank , I zoned out as we moved .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Lady McCabe . "
tr	PRES	But when we leave a mess it tends to be a large one . "
tr	PAST	It 's just for our ... homework , " Matthew lied , turning to his companion , who nodded in connivance .
tr	PAST	" Ah , you say that now , but you 've never seen my creative stories , " I countered .
tr	PRES	He lets go of me , raising one hand to brush the hair from my face .
tr	PRES	I total y knew how old he was , but I wanted to pick .
tr	PAST	The neoprene brace she 'd been given in the emergency room provided support but did nothing for the throbbing , aching discomfort she lived with constantly .
tr	PRES	" It 's nice to finally meet you , November , " she whispers into my hair .
tr	PRES	Her breath stank ; it smelled putrid like a corpse lain too long in the sun .
tr	PAST	Zach guided Mia back to the Mustang and put her in the backseat .
tr	PRES	She begins fumbling through her bag and pulls it out , but it 's too late .
tr	PRES	Conrad gestured to the tree swing out in the yard .
tr	PAST	" See you later , Freak , " she hissed at me , and then she turned and left .
tr	PRES	Saul screwed his face up .
tr	PAST	She plunged across the street ; her breath blew out in bursts of steam in the frigid air .
tr	PRES	That being said , hello everyone .
tr	PRES	" What about me Bjorn ?
tr	PRES	" Sorry , honey , but tomorrow we 've already planned to see the world 's largest ball of wax , " he teased with convincing solemnity .
tr	PAST	She thanked him for his offer with a smile .
tr	PAST	they screeched in his ear , biting his exposed skin .
tr	PRES	I giggled , " Ahh , poor Logan .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Paragon ? "
tr	PRES	He exhales and closes his eyes as he strokes his thumb across the back of my hand .
tr	PAST	I hauled ass up the fence as fast as I could , my hands black by the time I reached the top and hurled myself over .
tr	PAST	Then the traces of dried blood reappeared again , when he had to vacate the apartment .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Zane ?
tr	PRES	Adel reaches the end and he pulls himself up out of the pool .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth bothered to ask .
tr	PAST	He piled his fag ends in the potted camellia she 'd hung out on their new balcony in a flat he never finished renovating like he promised .
tr	PRES	" You can 't sick Emmy on her , " Aiden snaps hotly .
tr	PRES	Back in the old days , when he was on nights all the time , he " d known all the shades of darkness .
tr	PRES	I wipe at my face and glare at Dr. Warren .
tr	PRES	" Where 's Leo , Tina ! "
tr	PRES	Sweat beads her forehead and golden sparks sprinkle from her hand .
tr	PAST	Yeah , I blamed you .
tr	PAST	Hawthorne represented the bleakness of his parents ' marriage and his own boyhood .
tr	PAST	I exhaled slowly and saw the room start to fade around the edges of my vision .
tr	PAST	Newton replayed the debacle at the bus stop in his head .
tr	PAST	We retreated swiftly towards the tunnel leading out of the cavern .
tr	PAST	A breeze rustled the top of the pin oak .
tr	PRES	" Hello , Liam , " he said , his voice a deep rumble .
tr	PAST	Open curtains revealed couples eating , people talking , cooking , watching TV , and working out .
tr	PAST	His scars identified him as I rolled him over , and I muffled his groan with a hand over his mouth .
tr	PAST	Dwight and Melanie posted the final two and there was a long pause as they totaled the amounts .
tr	PRES	" A very interesting medallion , indeed . "
tr	PAST	They provided positive checks on speed through Doppler reference to fixed astronomical bodies .
tr	PRES	He slides onto the bench beside me and looks down at the scoring sheet in the glow of the lamp just above my head .
tr	PAST	Whatever else I say about him , he provided for them . "
tr	PRES	He stretches his other arm out to point out the long narrow head peeking out from the water 's surface no more than twenty feet from us .
tr	PAST	Perplexed and a bit frightened , he collected the book and left the room .
tr	PAST	Eben delayed for a moment .
tr	PRES	Cooper wraps his arms around my shoulders and I hold him around his stomach .
tr	PRES	He tries to take aim at me but I rip the blaster out of his hands using my telekinesis .
tr	PAST	Dennis ' head bounced up .
tr	PAST	Not that he intended to - His thoughts screeched to a halt .
tr	PRES	" I represent the wealthy industrialist Neville Bishop of New York City , who sees the potential in flight .
tr	PRES	" I love makin ' you cum .
tr	PRES	" Jesus Christ , " he breaths quietly .
tr	PAST	" I just don 't know how they will be able to pull this off , " Sandra countered .
tr	PRES	Luke 's expression falls .
tr	PRES	" And it really ticks me off . "
tr	PAST	" Excuse , Sir , " Bugs grunted in a thick Italian accent as he tapped a tall slender man on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	Her jeans protected her skin , so his touch didn 't burn , but it made Chastity 's energy buzz .
tr	PAST	Allie sensed there was more to it , but that was all Milos said on the matter .
tr	PRES	He asks , feeling hopelessness wash over him .
tr	PRES	" Just this morning , everything was going so well , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	I relive it in my dreams . "
tr	PAST	Quick as a flash , Spike leaped to his feet .
tr	PRES	May I borrow your tools ? "
tr	PRES	I recall how they worked in the gardens together and often rode off throughout the lands around the abbey .
tr	PRES	Or something about Jacob Marley . "
tr	PRES	It awakened a longing and yearning in him , but also drove his wolf spirit mad with desire .
tr	PAST	he gritted out , unable to temper his reaction this time .
tr	PRES	" Or her serving woman , Halima .
tr	PRES	He returns the favor , albeit more solidly .
tr	PRES	" Resting comfortably . "
tr	PAST	Abe thanked him and he gave them the key to the Thrift store .
tr	PAST	Hurricane Sandy washed out the local constabulary .
tr	PRES	Not unto us , O Lord .
tr	PRES	' The shop in Three Roses Alley ? '
tr	PRES	It opens its jaws and bites into the hull its teeth puncturing the hard metal plating .
tr	PAST	He doubted Chelsea had been anywhere near as moved .
tr	PAST	A heat , this unimaginable flush , charged through her and she felt that tug in her lower body that Sarah had told her all about .
tr	PAST	I received a container load for our consumption only a few days ago . "
tr	PAST	She giggled and his anger surged .
tr	PRES	Georgian furnishings surrounded him , a great deal of fine new white marble , and soft shades of peach , lemon , oyster white .
tr	PRES	" Benny , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Whatever helps you sleep at night .
tr	PAST	Robert fidgeted with his pants , now full of holes and dirt .
tr	PAST	He saw happy families , lovers reunited , and hermits in solitude .
tr	PAST	She never lied to Todd , but in this case a little bend to the truth was appropriate .
tr	PAST	Two heads emerged and I identified Mina 's .
tr	PRES	I assume you 've got a budget .
tr	PRES	" What about your hobbies ? "
tr	PRES	If you live , well , a dog always returns to its master , and you will lead me to my real quarry . "
tr	PAST	You prayed to your guardian angel , and your guardian angel relayed the prayer to me . "
tr	PRES	My body melts and I press myself against him , aching to give him everything I am .
tr	PRES	We exist in one spot at a time , occasionally jostled back and forth by the currents .
tr	PRES	" Just some water , please ... for the both of us , " Marie states .
tr	PRES	Only holding herself together long enough to give Fletcher a smiling farewell mattered .
tr	PRES	He reaches to tug on his lip , sniffling back his cry .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her bodice with her back turned to Robert as he settled Robin on the bed next to Maureen 's three-year-old boy .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side and watched him with eyes as blue as the summer sky above .
tr	PAST	It 's time to come home to mother and father , ' Cronus taunted .
tr	PAST	That , in turn , provided him with more than enough gardening , all of it in pots .
tr	PAST	He stares at me for a moment , absorbing everything .
tr	PRES	He sighs and the muscles in his arm relax .
tr	PRES	What brings you this way ? "
tr	PRES	He considers himself my friend .
tr	PAST	Silence buzzed in his ears .
tr	PAST	On both sides , the packed benches , men nervously shuffled left and right .
tr	PAST	We washed the meal down with some warm apple cider and hot chocolate .
tr	PRES	He removes his rubber gloves and starts to round up his briefcase .
tr	PRES	Irritation flashes in Daniel 's eyes and then is gone .
tr	PRES	Right , he tends to be literal .
tr	PRES	" Because you chose Love ?
tr	PAST	" But that priest , Fr .
tr	PRES	Paul 's one just falls short , and sails through the window of one of the lower classrooms on the floor below .
tr	PRES	" And modest too . "
tr	PAST	He quieted suddenly and motioned for them all to crouch down amongst the tangled brush .
tr	PRES	He somehow sees so much of what 's going on in the world .
tr	PAST	Together they whipped the cream until thick and used it to fill the sponge cake with the jam .
tr	PRES	She reaches up to touch it , shooting an alarmed glance at her boyfriend .
tr	PAST	She giggled with excitement .
tr	PRES	My heart stops , literally .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat .
tr	PAST	He hopped out of the car .
tr	PRES	It softens and pushes out to become a large rectangular screen .
tr	PAST	He sketched until he had memorised every inch of her face by heart , from her mysterious grey eyes to her sweet but sad smile .
tr	PRES	Cricket holds up a box .
tr	PRES	" And a student . "
tr	PAST	She transformed herself into Lynette from head to toe - right down to the very clothes she wore .
tr	PRES	Jason glimpsed fighting near the bonfire at the end of the left sea wall , silhouettes attacking one another .
tr	PAST	" But it isn 't you who ... can 't make love , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	His men advanced , on their guard .
tr	PAST	Brenda strengthened her dampening field at the same time as she worked on finishing the energy matrix of her spell .
tr	PAST	This small speech lightened Jane 's demeanour and she left the suite , ready to continue her work and report to Cleaver .
tr	PAST	She prayed she was safe and not another victim of this royal family .
tr	PAST	She stares steadily into me .
tr	PAST	Kate sensed a great deal of anger but wasn 't sure why .
tr	PAST	An answering grin tugged at his face .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed as she walked into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	I dove into my plate , stuffing my mouth before giving myself a chance to swallow , dissolving bites with coffee as I went .
tr	PRES	The sight brings her no joy .
tr	PAST	Lil plopped onto the chaise lounge beside Maddy .
tr	PAST	' You never really approved of me seeing him , why ? '
tr	PAST	My father hauled the rest of the food onto the porch , and I walked away from Percy .
tr	PRES	" No arguments ? "
tr	PRES	And so I sing .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 've heard , sir . "
tr	PRES	" I - I told him it was a Projection , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Food poisoning ? "
tr	PRES	Red seeps through his fingers .
tr	PRES	The drunkard wears the shoes so dirty and worn .
tr	PAST	Mr. Forrest produced a pamphlet which he tucked into Dan 's hand .
tr	PAST	He served proudly under your husband . "
tr	PAST	The crowd around Sebastian quieted and fell away at Mab 's slow approach , and suddenly , I was the only one standing next to him .
tr	PAST	An hour after he left Grand Forks , Vaughn slowed his speed , certain that if he blinked he might miss Buffalo Valley entirely .
tr	PRES	I cal ed Savannah back and told her I 'd be there in about ten minutes , but that I 'd come to her window .
tr	PRES	After twenty seconds , he stops and closes his hand into a fist again .
tr	PRES	People pressed all around me , their faces sweaty and flushed .
tr	PAST	" Very well , " Barbara said , rising , " provided that the children and your handsome son come with us . "
tr	PAST	He tugged her to him , then rested his forehead against hers .
tr	PRES	Like she sees someone looking back at her and she is not happy at all with it .
tr	PRES	His face softens and , tenderly , he raises one hand and wipes the tears from my left cheek .
tr	PRES	She reaches her hand up to his cheek and caresses it gently , feeling the roughness of the flesh colored scars .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my body and I 'm cocooned in his embrace .
tr	PAST	We fanned out from there to see if others were around .
tr	PRES	It brings out the lines around your mouth .
tr	PAST	A mother bounced a fat infant on her hip .
tr	PAST	Overwhelmed by the idea that she was truly in another world , she softly exhaled .
tr	PAST	He reflected that his boxers and boots were now the only clothes in his possession that he had brought from home .
tr	PAST	She tugged on her sweater sleeve so suddenly and with such force that she heard a seam rip .
tr	PAST	He crouched to look her straight in the eyes .
tr	PAST	It also transformed the hunched woman into a virtually shapeless figure .
tr	PRES	I value you greatly and consider your opinion golden , something that I don 't often do .
tr	PAST	Kara dreamed the exact rape as it happened , except he could never penetrate .
tr	PRES	" Change the fact that you 're not having any fun , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	Weldon boomed before walking over and wrapping me in a bear hug , which aggravated Gavin .
tr	PAST	He inched away from his friend .
tr	PRES	A wind rattles the windows again , sending a shaft of air down the chimney and making the fire dance .
tr	PAST	He dared let himself believe that freedom might be attainable for the first time in centuries .
tr	PAST	While pouring in some of my favorite strawberry bubble bath , I sniffed the liquid and the sweet smell lifted me in a slightly better mood .
tr	PAST	" We can fix this , " he crooned .
tr	PAST	Connor eyed my bruised face , his arms crossing over his chest .
tr	PAST	Marguerite sobbed in grief and horror .
tr	PAST	" Well , let 's figure it out , " Beth chimed in .
tr	PAST	It screeched to a halt as it passed and Rock grabbed at the bumper and tried to use it as cover .
tr	PRES	Beast 's eyes narrow in that way he has that sees past my skin into my very bones .
tr	PAST	TJ fumed , switching off the flashlight .
tr	PAST	Put it back in the deck , Errol instructed .
tr	PRES	But first , I relive the moment for myself , seeking my own safe place in The Program .
tr	PAST	" Com ' on then , fugly , " Andy taunted , waggling her blades in warning .
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned his jacket , pulling it off him to display the chest she 'd imagined stroking .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and smears the back of her hand across both of my cheekbones .
tr	PRES	" She adamantly refuses to acknowledge things that are inevitably going to happen , particularly death .
tr	PAST	I do not care a whole lot for the orange or purple , though , " she stated thoughtfully .
tr	PRES	" Holy cow ! "
tr	PRES	Jean whispers , " Where 's Laura ?
tr	PAST	He saluted him with his empty whiskey glass .
tr	PAST	So I revved up my rhyming skills and came up with this little exchange : " Do you have a place to stay ? "
tr	PAST	she urged , snatching the phone from my hand .
tr	PRES	She stands up fast and runs all the way to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	" The guests ? "
tr	PRES	" Isn " t progress a wonderful thing , captain ? "
tr	PRES	I turned around without looking at him , the medicine damp from the sweat of his hand , and got out of the room .
tr	PAST	Its gates represented something I couldn 't quite put my finger on ... " It 's good to be home , " Ian told Charles , sighing .
tr	PRES	Besides , grooming helps you bond with the horses . "
tr	PAST	Heart and mind ceased , time and existence froze .
tr	PAST	Was he checking up to see if you were really where you 'd said you 'd be ? '
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , turning to the stove .
tr	PAST	We secured the unconscious Hunters ' weapons and headed swiftly back up the stairs to the first floor of the mansion .
tr	PAST	" She 's with another man , " she announced bitterly , making Alice 's jaw drop .
tr	PRES	What brings you by ? "
tr	PRES	" Back off , stalker .
tr	PAST	She conquered a free step to a small plank , then contemplated a snarl of ropes that linked her tree to the next .
tr	PAST	" Maybe you 'll find out when you go up inside that disgusting thing , " Morn scoffed .
tr	PRES	The Princess begins to understand just how badly the decisions he was forced to make weighed down on him .
tr	PRES	" Did the Priest teach you how to do this ? "
tr	PAST	She scrolled through her texts , making sure she hadn 't missed any from Nick , but she hadn 't .
tr	PRES	Sometimes religion plays a part , sometimes it doesn 't .
tr	PRES	She glances up with a breath caught in her throat .
tr	PRES	Piers hauled him up and led him down to his " workshop . "
tr	PAST	Got a cave we can - " " Tents .
tr	PRES	" Cole Stockton . "
tr	PAST	The kids ranged from tweens to toddlers .
tr	PAST	She emerged with a Miller Lite , studying me as she popped the lid .
tr	PRES	I kick the cement and groan , then shout .
tr	PRES	Only my tongue holds savor .
tr	PRES	" Miz Abby fixed it up for me , " she beamed , and turned in a circle .
tr	PAST	He willed his feet to move faster .
tr	PRES	" Oh my God , " Nora breathes .
tr	PRES	My heart no longer fits in my chest .
tr	PAST	The cool air chilled our bodies while the friction of our hot sex made us burn with pleasure .
tr	PAST	Alice shrieked and drew away from the heat .
tr	PAST	Fear for her coiled in his chest , and he wasn 't the kind of man who was good at the hearts and flowers crap .
tr	PAST	They also tormented some poor seal with a harpoon . "
tr	PAST	As they walked farther down the tunnel , Tom sensed the man 's presence , his anger radiating down the tunnel .
tr	PAST	He yawned loudly and then hopped up onto his feet .
tr	PRES	" Before we go to sleep , let 's have a dance , " Ian announces .
tr	PAST	the scientist inquired , unexpectedly emerging at a crossing of two hallways , cutting his thread of thoughts .
tr	PAST	The woman squinted at the photograph .
tr	PRES	He climbs a narrow metal staircase to the captain 's nest where transparent bulkheads reveal the space before them .
tr	PAST	She wouldn 't have risked so much to try and get our mother out of your grasp .
tr	PAST	The train rumbled and hissed as the wheels began to roll .
tr	PAST	Jamie pinched the bridge of her nose .
tr	PAST	Like a wilted sponge , she soaked in his tender compassion , needing it , wanting it .
tr	PRES	" Pot roast ? "
tr	PAST	" Don 't tell me , " I teased , forcing a smile .
tr	PRES	He points the remote back up to the TV .
tr	PRES	" Shea swears she 's very different from you .
tr	PRES	He whipped around violently so that his nose was inches from hers .
tr	PAST	Now Rae sensed her mother needed to nurture her .
tr	PAST	She clutched at his shirt .
tr	PRES	Well again , I piss in your soufflé ! "
tr	PRES	" It tastes fine . "
tr	PAST	It bore down like the heaviest burden I had ever carried .
tr	PRES	" Bastard took me by surprise , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked side to side .
tr	PRES	" Tell me the truth , " she begins .
tr	PRES	She reaches the assailant , repeatedly kicks his shins , takes aim and treads heavily on his toes with her heels .
tr	PAST	She berated herself as being silly .
tr	PRES	" No , Mommy never lets me dress her up .
tr	PRES	" The boy who will breathe out souls .
tr	PRES	I yell out proudly , as I hold up the remaining personal belongs of Dax 's friends .
tr	PAST	He groped their legs and squeezed their thighs with his left hand while the other remained braced against the blanket .
tr	PRES	" That transfers ownership of the club over to me for one dollar .
tr	PRES	" I assume you had a purpose in coming to the library ? "
tr	PRES	You just assume all outcomes will be in your favor .
tr	PAST	Suddenly hopeful that she 'd have the chance to recover from her foolish mistake , she rummaged through her purse again and provided her insurance card .
tr	PAST	A car door slammed , the tires screeched .
tr	PRES	Nearby , all the excavation machinery sat silent , their yellow surfaces gleaming in the moonlight .
tr	PAST	" You 're angry because I 'm not as physically strong as you , " I stated calmly .
tr	PRES	We march across the road , round the corner , and then cross another road .
tr	PRES	" Fine , you irritable devil . "
tr	PRES	It 's going to hurt , " I warn her .
tr	PAST	He scrolled through his emails on the subway home just to make sure he hadn 't missed one from her .
tr	PRES	" You ruined my life .
tr	PAST	Haidar cocked his head at him , his lips twitching .
tr	PAST	I attempted a smile .
tr	PRES	More than one of them bears an eerie resemblance to you , so I have to assume they 're your offspring .
tr	PRES	This time I regard it with a hint of loathing .
tr	PAST	I blamed God for creating a world where bad things happen to good people .
tr	PRES	Uncle likes to tell people that collecting cow pies bought him his first tractor .
tr	PAST	A 503 year-old corpse .
tr	PRES	" God , this brings back memories . "
tr	PRES	My stomach flips when I look at him .
tr	PRES	He sees better than us , especially at night .
tr	PRES	Like the first breath of air after too long spent underwater , the release consumes me for a moment .
tr	PAST	Then all of a sudden you collapsed on the road .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Glass abruptly smacked her hand on the reception desk top causing Lauren to start .
tr	PRES	But that mattered not .
tr	PAST	At the age of seven , my friends − Cuthbert and Eduard − were a little in awe of the Villa , perhaps even afraid of it .
tr	PAST	According to Logan , they accused her of sleeping with him and getting loaded on who knows what the night of the party .
tr	PRES	He proceeds to inform me that in two days ' time we are to have a private meeting at the lodge .
tr	PAST	Henry either pretended not to notice or was too distracted to care .
tr	PAST	He swiped his hand across his forehead , frustration making him want to yell .
tr	PRES	" Still ... " " Ketchup , please .
tr	PAST	" Get to class , " booms down the hall .
tr	PRES	He sighs , still not looking at me .
tr	PAST	Anna stiffened and hesitated .
tr	PAST	Gustav slapped his forehead with his hands .
tr	PAST	The driver grunted in the affirmative and began maneuvering the awkward multipoint turn .
tr	PRES	" Not all of them , " Avalon interrupted .
tr	PAST	Nate pitched forward , crumpling to the ground .
tr	PAST	Blood covered her black-and-white dress , an eerie scarlet spattered all over .
tr	PRES	Our problem remains unchanged . "
tr	PAST	" You stole cars on purpose , hoping the cops would catch you ? "
tr	PRES	We punch a hole in their line and slip through . "
tr	PRES	Then Michael joins Jane on stage .
tr	PAST	Their laughter floated over to me as they looked at something in the fluttering pages of the Daily Star .
tr	PAST	Her eyes riveted on him .
tr	PRES	Cash winks at me from in front of the stove and pure lust twitches in my lower belly .
tr	PAST	" I created workable plans for several of those missions .
tr	PRES	I drag my fingers through my damp , sweaty hair and then crouch down in front of her slowly , so I won 't scare her again .
tr	PRES	He half chuckles to himself .
tr	PAST	She soaked up his sperm like a horny mistress .
tr	PRES	I assume they knew of the dangers of time meddling and refused to give their benefactors the keys to the past .
tr	PAST	He motioned for them to take a seat , pulled a bottle out of his drawer , and took out three glasses .
tr	PAST	Celestino urged the priest to continue , " You came here on pilgrimage ?
tr	PAST	I puzzled over it and realized what it was .
tr	PRES	I flap my hands .
tr	PRES	She blushes , turning her head away .
tr	PAST	Maria 's words floated on the air . '
tr	PRES	His eager mouth crushes against my lips .
tr	PRES	I mumbled out words of protest .
tr	PRES	" Fucking asshole , " Ethan mutters from the backseat .
tr	PAST	Guilt pricked her for this subtle manipulation .
tr	PRES	She deserves help . "
tr	PRES	Ronan , the armorer , barely glances up at their entrance .
tr	PAST	I fling my leg over the back of the motorcycle and reach for the spare helmet .
tr	PAST	We trusted each other .
tr	PRES	It houses mostly political prisoners being ' , ' petty criminals , and old men considered minor escape risks . "
tr	PRES	Kissing my forehead , he cups my face .
tr	PRES	" More like a legend , " Grayson mumbled .
tr	PAST	In front of them , Hell 's Gate writhed in fury .
tr	PRES	' Er ... I think I might perhaps have got them confused with wolves , ' he mumbled . '
tr	PRES	" None of this affects you now .
tr	PRES	Her mama frowns with fury .
tr	PAST	The massive side of the freighter rumbled past .
tr	PAST	He tensed , waiting for her to reprimand him .
tr	PRES	' I estimate that the public telephone on the main road is nearer to here than the house .
tr	PAST	She tugged the blankets more securely around her shoulders and continued to use his chest for a pillow .
tr	PAST	I quickly dismissed the details when a full-length mirror in the corner caught my attention .
tr	PAST	Matteo exited the car before I could stop him , opening our door and extending a hand to Cass .
tr	PAST	He lectured to his classes , giving no one any reason to ask questions .
tr	PAST	' He 's right , ' Caleb Moore 's yell supported him .
tr	PRES	" Not to mention that it is impossible , " Chancellor Montauban points out .
tr	PRES	A series of whistles and whispers announces the day .
tr	PAST	Across the lot , the manager of Nino 's emerged from the front entrance .
tr	PAST	Madeline tugged the fabric flat but the creases remained .
tr	PAST	I hooked my foot into a nook and started climbing , but Caden 's hands grabbed my waist and yanked me back down .
tr	PAST	The words on the screen pierced past his denial like nettle out of low brush .
tr	PRES	She can 't see , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	" I don 't need to think about it , " Brian countered .
tr	PAST	Most people shrank away , claiming it was madness to attempt a crossing in this weather .
tr	PRES	No one loses their head , at least not literally . "
tr	PAST	Three men and two women emerged , pushing two stretchers with practiced efficiency .
tr	PAST	Then she retreated out of the middle of the argument to shut the door in their faces .
tr	PRES	" Little Women by Louisa May Alcott .
tr	PAST	Got a bit burned in the flower beds last weekend . "
tr	PAST	His fingers tugged at her sweater like he was seeking a way to open it .
tr	PRES	He talks about you All the time .
tr	PRES	Says it 's a hot little number with black hair and gray eyes . "
tr	PRES	That occurs in about 75 % of patients . "
tr	PAST	They pretended not to notice the way conversations stopped when they entered a room , pretended not to see the uneasy glances .
tr	PRES	" May I assume you have already checked out my ride , Preston ? "
tr	PAST	The numbers on the indicator panel above the lintel glowed as the cabin on the left ascended into the fortress .
tr	PRES	I slap his hand away .
tr	PAST	At once all conversation ceased .
tr	PRES	" I know , " he whispers , setting his cheek against my downy hair .
tr	PAST	Her ears perked at the mention of gifts .
tr	PRES	He stares as if he 's truly interested .
tr	PRES	No matter how much I tried to crush it into dust , the pendant remained intact , its rough edges ancient , but never broken .
tr	PRES	" Everybody likes what you write .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked to Jake whose hands were in his hair , desolation written all over him .
tr	PRES	His smile widened , eyes gleaming .
tr	PAST	Bottles and cans bounced all over , rolling around on the floor ; luckily none of them seemed to have burst .
tr	PRES	" She often touches me and thinks at the same time .
tr	PRES	I shout No one responds .
tr	PAST	He preferred to greet each newcomer personally .
tr	PAST	He holstered his weapon , got down on one knee and wiped away the dirt and gravel to reveal a fine red fabric .
tr	PAST	He tensed beneath her fingers , but it couldn 't have been from pain ; she was barely touching him .
tr	PAST	I even obtained an absentee ballot for the first time so I could vote for you . "
tr	PAST	I swooped in , thrust down my talons , and had started to change back before they even touched the ground . '
tr	PRES	Gregor translated that in his head to mean " chosen to give them life . "
tr	PRES	But on the other side of the Canyon . "
tr	PRES	You 're a collector , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	I think that 's the earliest I can see an opening in all of our schedules to discuss , " I claimed .
tr	PRES	Her long hair tickles my face as she leans over me .
tr	PAST	And then suddenly it reappeared again .
tr	PRES	she asked , staring up at me , her chin resting on my chest .
tr	PAST	Chad lied in his bed , unable to sleep , for quite some time .
tr	PRES	Jack of all trades , master of none . "
tr	PAST	His phone buzzed with an incoming text .
tr	PAST	It also served as break room and storage , and had a door that led outside and one that accessed the sorting room .
tr	PRES	" Because of what you had to say , Elijah ? "
tr	PRES	He whispers in the giant 's ear before bowing his way back down .
tr	PRES	One of his hands touches the small of my back .
tr	PRES	I 'd lived , and still was , living in lies .
tr	PAST	She doubted he told Lily , yet suspected it was Mrs. Parker who passed on the misinformation .
tr	PAST	In one swift movement , he reversed our positions , pinning me to the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PAST	I tensed slowly as I had no idea what to do next .
tr	PAST	Slowly and carefully , I unfolded the damn thing .
tr	PRES	Everybody misses Hayes . "
tr	PAST	It squealed up one floor and rattled to a stop .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head back , taking in the scent of honeysuckle .
tr	PAST	I regained my composure and looked at my watch .
tr	PRES	Heaven giggles , then stands up .
tr	PRES	He helps me scale the fence again and we both walk back to our spots on the runway and lay down .
tr	PAST	That 's right , he silently urged .
tr	PRES	The way you describe it now sounds more like the wishes of an evil , insane , power-hungry monster .
tr	PAST	It protected Shane 's identity .
tr	PRES	" That pretty well sums it up , yes . "
tr	PRES	" I assume you 'll be very careful about this ?
tr	PAST	She fidgeted and he realized how uncomfortable this conversation was making her .
tr	PRES	" So what is it , Henri ?
tr	PRES	He opens the lid to the cigar box and takes out a cigar .
tr	PAST	The footman reappeared with reigns in his hands .
tr	PRES	She spears me with those overly made up eyes , those clownish lips .
tr	PRES	My job is done , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He donned his heat-sensitive goggles and scanned the area .
tr	PAST	Blake typically acted like we weren 't mutants or anything while we were in school , and I appreciated him for that .
tr	PRES	" It 's Pierce , " she murmurs without moving .
tr	PRES	" Strange things exist around us -- don 't you think ? "
tr	PAST	A wave of exhaustion washed over me , and the staff slipped through my fingers and clattered to the ground .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and then speeds up , pulling ahead .
tr	PRES	The sunlight sneaks through the cracks of the blinds and I can hear my next-door neighbors arguing about something .
tr	PRES	Without warning , Andrew throws his arms around me , tucking my head into his chest .
tr	PRES	" Your jealously helps me to remember that I 'm really here , in this world , with you . "
tr	PAST	" I 'd have made them put up with me , " Harry exploded .
tr	PRES	He teased it in and out .
tr	PAST	" You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen , " Nameless Andrew uttered .
tr	PRES	His finger twirls a strand of her hair .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , throwing her arms around her " Did Juan talk to you about the Village ? "
tr	PRES	" Just a little hiccup in the fine motor skills , pal .
tr	PRES	" I 'll go fetch the cake , " he offers , setting down his fork .
tr	PRES	Christina pinches her eyebrows together .
tr	PRES	The letters never arrive together , though they 're nearly always sent on the same day .
tr	PRES	My gaze snaps over to her .
tr	PRES	' And nothing suspicious at all ? '
tr	PRES	Chapter Sixteen " Rafe ! "
tr	PAST	The creature within the coffin shrieked as the stake penetrated its heart .
tr	PRES	" To my bike . "
tr	PAST	Jared crawled back to us , wrapping his bloody , sweaty arms around our daughter and me .
tr	PAST	" I will , " Ashe 's projection announced .
tr	PRES	Once again he healed quickly .
tr	PAST	She stripped the beds and remade them , disinfected the service rooms and vacuumed .
tr	PAST	I cringed , thinking about where else he may have extinguished his fury .
tr	PRES	" And how on earth will that prove his guilt , Becky ?
tr	PAST	The glow of the streetlight washed over her , and it struck me almost as an afterthought that she was beautiful .
tr	PRES	The rest of the cast points to her as if to bow and yet she does not move .
tr	PAST	Kent advanced , foot landing hard .
tr	PRES	She frowns as she observes me from over her glasses .
tr	PAST	He extended his open hand .
tr	PRES	" Did I hurt you , lass ? "
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder toward the kitchen , where Sharon is still sitting at the table .
tr	PRES	One fact shone through without question .
tr	PAST	Luisa attempted to hit Lea with a left hook , but Lea blocked it with the right shoulder .
tr	PAST	He fled from that battle and disappeared beneath the waves of the western sea .
tr	PAST	Interestingly enough , he never supported suicide attacks .
tr	PAST	" That 's the spirit , " Anna cheered sarcastically .
tr	PRES	He tries to sound calm , but his voice comes out a little annoyed .
tr	PRES	It talks but it lies , too .
tr	PAST	He crouched down to say a prayer for them .
tr	PAST	He also volunteered to pay for your tuition .
tr	PAST	A thunder rumbled in the heavens , like the sound of the great war drums of the gods .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply but the air stung my lungs .
tr	PRES	His tongue pushes between my lips and slips powerfully into my mouth .
tr	PAST	With a neat flick of his wrist , Ronan smacked Declan 's head off the driver 's side door of the Volvo .
tr	PAST	The steel balls shattered the silence of the store as they ricocheted off counters and shelves at the rear .
tr	PAST	" I should like to see you try , " Sebastian scoffed .
tr	PAST	She tugged the picnic basket with her and slammed the car door .
tr	PAST	" They 're good , " he approved .
tr	PRES	He wears his salt and pepper hair a little long , and we both pretend not to see where it 's thinning .
tr	PAST	Nick 's eyes mirrored his astonishment .
tr	PRES	My feet slap the pavement .
tr	PRES	It shocks me to think how much I 've changed in these past months .
tr	PRES	" He wasn 't , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Ricky , " I yell .
tr	PAST	I caressed him gently , and his face showed a pleasure so intense it was almost pain .
tr	PRES	The light of pride shone in Bo 's smile .
tr	PRES	' Look , you 're not supposed to - ' IT 'S ALL RIGHT , I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT DOWN IN THE CITY .
tr	PRES	Just the thought of this causes his heart to soar .
tr	PRES	Says he might crash it .
tr	PAST	She had risen slightly above the rest and was gazing in that direction , her eyes shrouded in rippling blackness .
tr	PAST	Camille stomped her foot on the tile .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , and we are lead into the conference room we have been using as a dining hall .
tr	PAST	Before I could restrain myself , I flung my mouth against his .
tr	PRES	His mouth moved over her face , kissing her , his gusting breaths a separate caress over her damp skin .
tr	PAST	Without really thinking about it , I sling my arm around her shoulders .
tr	PRES	Individuals wove through the crowds , couples walked closely and unhindered by the congested walkways , and families strolled on .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my waist as I raise mine around his shoulders and we embrace again .
tr	PRES	He twitches his lips as he silently reads the document shielded by a manila envelope .
tr	PRES	No markings on the van , dammit , she needed to see something , describe something ... " Do it .
tr	PAST	Never claimed to be .
tr	PAST	To stay in control , he circled the base of his shaft with one hand and pushed the head against her waiting mouth , teasing her lips .
tr	PRES	Fifteen taxis in all , with drunk lawyers lying everywhere .
tr	PAST	Clint 's hands hung at his sides , both barrels holstered .
tr	PRES	' Let 's just get this over with , ' I mutter , my words braver than I feel .
tr	PRES	" Just going through a bit of a life funk . "
tr	PAST	Still , when he faced me , I tensed .
tr	PRES	" The threat remains until we extinguish it .
tr	PRES	I lust after that thing every time I see one on a runway .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here today ? "
tr	PAST	" Problem solved . "
tr	PRES	Even the skin loses some of its glow .
tr	PRES	" Lucian likes games , Francesca .
tr	PRES	The Northern Crown Series Book Two Child of Loki A divided land ... a divided family .
tr	PRES	She blushes when I look back , then quickly glances away .
tr	PAST	He took a few steps toward her , his arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	At 1117 he received a call from Gass .
tr	PRES	Asher hooks me around my waist , pulling my back to his front .
tr	PRES	" Are there any news crews fresh on the planet ? "
tr	PRES	Memories of his mother , and visions of the funeral pyre at the top of the hill .
tr	PAST	Bastian 's eyes twinkled as he sipped on his drink .
tr	PAST	I froze and cleared my mind , hoping she would try to talk to me through her mind .
tr	PRES	Filipe produces a large rolled up blueprint and hands it to me with a nervous hand .
tr	PRES	* * * As everyone hung out talking , Kylie snuck away and went around back to sit beside her favorite tree .
tr	PAST	But I feared this thing between us might be more complicated than I had anticipated .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that I barely know anything about Emerson 's father , or what happened to him .
tr	PRES	I slap my jeans .
tr	PAST	And smacked her head against the wall in the process .
tr	PRES	He opens a file folder in front of him .
tr	PRES	A soft ding signals our arrival on the sixth floor .
tr	PAST	I shrieked and let the ax fall , splitting its head open .
tr	PRES	And then Duke dives forward , swimming through the air .
tr	PAST	The Black River split the city in two , and there were four bridges that spanned it .
tr	PAST	The refs circled , but what went on in the center of the ring was too fast to follow .
tr	PRES	" Over you , jackass . "
tr	PAST	We both mourned for our planet -- destroyed not through war , but of a dying star .
tr	PAST	He experienced a rush of disappointment and even anger .
tr	PRES	The vehicle speeds towards the hospital , flying over the heaps of bodies .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Elaine ? "
tr	PAST	However the dense forest of enormous trees prevented her from gaining a proper look below or above .
tr	PRES	Nancy stands and puts her hands on her hips .
tr	PAST	The way she 'd been walking toward him , her head down , her shoulders curved in , as if she 'd been holding herself together .
tr	PRES	And the printout perfectly explains the presence of phosphorescent bacteria in the water ! "
tr	PAST	Vane cringed in sympathy .
tr	PAST	As she looked at a page on tweed blazers , though , her eyes glazed over .
tr	PAST	A disgusted sound rumbled from Beth 's throat .
tr	PRES	Marcus stands for a few seconds , apparently stunned , and starts toward the compound .
tr	PAST	Liza fidgeted in her seat .
tr	PAST	The mayor kindly provided us with production space that used to belong to another pharmaceutical company specializing in veterinary medications .
tr	PRES	I bury my mouth in Trent 's chest again , this time to keep from laughing .
tr	PAST	Still ... " He cocked his head to the side and gave Sarah a long appraising stare .
tr	PAST	Mrs Bryden reluctantly attended the wedding and the reception in the Co-op Hall , which was paid for by Aunt Meg and Uncle Jack .
tr	PAST	Once everything became public , my friends abandoned me , playing shocked and horrified while Thomas played the victim .
tr	PAST	she grunted , lunging to deflect his newest attack .
tr	PAST	Max plopped onto the couch , everything he 'd always believed completely shattered .
tr	PRES	Then my phone buzzes .
tr	PAST	I am not in any way tragic , ' Cristina denied , trying hard to ignore the hectic thrum of her pulse . '
tr	PAST	She slowed her descent to a manageable level before thumping against the ashen earth .
tr	PRES	And now , her request .
tr	PAST	She shrieked in delight .
tr	PAST	He playfully slapped mine back .
tr	PRES	He inhales and exhales deeply .
tr	PRES	The ocean pushes and pulls , growing in strength , as if working against the wolf .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	Devon grit his teeth , his hands fisted as rage briefly boiled through him .
tr	PAST	The ladies giggled , as though he were joking .
tr	PRES	He falls to the ground .
tr	PAST	A spark of anger arose within him : he now realised he had to start all over again , tracking down this guy from scratch again .
tr	PAST	She eyed the phone .
tr	PAST	His hand clasped over my wrist , then slid back to my palm .
tr	PAST	Love replaced the receiver with a click .
tr	PRES	" Alex , " Annabella whispers .
tr	PAST	Examining his sack , he doubted that .
tr	PRES	" I 'm glad you do , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" About yesterday , when we , um ... " Jeremiah leaned forward and rested a strong chin on his fingers .
tr	PRES	" You 're not being attacked , " Aston mutters lowly against my mouth .
tr	PAST	I giggled a little at my own stupidity .
tr	PAST	He mumbled to himself about girders and pretended not to notice .
tr	PRES	But I forgave him .
tr	PRES	" To St. Giles . "
tr	PRES	" That explains so very much . "
tr	PRES	I lean against the bar and set the computer down .
tr	PAST	The girls piled out of the car ; Laura and I shared a raised pair of eyebrows .
tr	PRES	His teacher said he doesn 't even look at the papers she passes out .
tr	PRES	My spirits soar just like the falcons did moments ago .
tr	PAST	" Come on , D.J. , " Justin urged .
tr	PAST	She quit her job and never renewed the lease on her apartment in Boston .
tr	PAST	Daemon stomped past them , bumping into his brother 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	He laughs and I run the scissors over his sideburns , my fingers grazing his cheek .
tr	PRES	But I assume she must be away because I tried taking something round for her both yesterday and this morning and she didn 't answer the door .
tr	PRES	" First you steal my top chef from under my nose and now you blame me for his mistakes ? "
tr	PRES	She throws it like a trident , so it sails over the distance separating them and lands nearby .
tr	PRES	" You little cheat ... " " You wanted naughty . "
tr	PRES	Selena mumbled , shocked .
tr	PRES	It buys some time , at any rate . "
tr	PAST	Meg fiddled with the pens on the counter .
tr	PAST	A single ball bounced straight up in response to his entry .
tr	PAST	Fate tidied up the formalities .
tr	PAST	and dove forward for the key .
tr	PAST	She giggled and focused on her squats .
tr	PAST	The pilot duly arrived , a man named Teague Boyle who was well known around those parts as an expert coastal pilot as far south as Limerick .
tr	PRES	" He likes to accidentally flash people when he sits down . "
tr	PAST	Before leaving the room , she flung Anya a glare as if to say she was responsible for the loss of her job .
tr	PAST	Liam tensed , knowing too well what was coming .
tr	PAST	Joe eyed his plate speculatively , and then dismissed the idea as soon as it had formed .
tr	PRES	Her nose slides against mine as she slowly nods .
tr	PAST	" It doesn 't matter anyway because I don 't think Charlie cares for her that much , " he stated .
tr	PRES	I regard your treachery as a minor shortcoming of character , in the greater scheme . "
tr	PRES	" Because she 's family , and a family helps each other . "
tr	PRES	Hope the bastards are dead , if not I 'll kill ' em myself . "
tr	PRES	We swim back to the shore hand in hand .
tr	PRES	" The two who came in late then filled in their forms suspiciously quickly . "
tr	PRES	My entire body freezes .
tr	PAST	Her fingers froze in her hair ; she turned slowly toward him , admiring the play of light over his hard features .
tr	PRES	" Hey , Big Shot , how about some music ? "
tr	PRES	I lean my forehead against one of the rungs while my heart slows .
tr	PRES	" Shhhh ... Honey , relax .
tr	PRES	Ervin wraps his hands around the bottom rungs , steadying it while Kai continues to gaze at the books .
tr	PAST	She cringed at the mention of the new sci-fi movie .
tr	PAST	I chugged past the glitzy stucco flats lining Hollywood Boulevard .
tr	PAST	" We ruled the world then , until I looked around and saw it was a world full of death and pain .
tr	PRES	" As long as his actions are good , then he deserves to live . "
tr	PAST	Rambo slapped Fitzgerald back and forth across the face until he came to .
tr	PRES	Soccer , little league , some kind of martial arts classes , guitar lessons and so on . "
tr	PAST	I cringed every time I heard a car behind me .
tr	PRES	Drawing power from discrete solar elements scattered across the bottom of the blast crater , the huge silicon machine begins to boot .
tr	PRES	Gage helps me out of his mother 's two-seat convertible .
tr	PAST	He dismissed those as rumors , but we all knew it was true .
tr	PAST	She then simply stated , " Now you know who I am , Your Majesty . "
tr	PRES	My eyes wash down , shutting it all out .
tr	PAST	Fen elbowed her in the ribs and shook her head .
tr	PRES	The last Inquisitor at this pier tries to run for his life .
tr	PRES	The thought that he wants to spend time with me fills me with an overwhelming sense of joy .
tr	PRES	And sell lots of books ! " '
tr	PAST	He tugged on the sheet .
tr	PAST	Yeshua never defended such a course .
tr	PAST	His speech was formal , his bow executed flawlessly , as only a Courtier can do .
tr	PRES	The moment passes slowly .
tr	PRES	A strongly effeminate male voice states loudly yet calmly .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked up to his dangling jacket .
tr	PRES	Abe slides in next to me , covering us both with the blanket .
tr	PRES	But he deserves the respect due him as your parent .
tr	PRES	" He truly loves her ; he 'd do anything for her .
tr	PRES	I swing my axe at the rock face , deep down in a dark tunnel completely void of natural light , relentlessly at the unforgiving wall .
tr	PRES	Colors brighter than any he 'd seen , tones more resplendent than any he 'd heard .
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves a second chance .
tr	PAST	Ruth wagged her finger under Max 's nose .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around my waist and I look at Kira , pleading with her to answer the questions I can 't say out loud .
tr	PRES	Under these circumstances , it was swing first , think later .
tr	PAST	He trusted that she 'd be back and his questions would be answered .
tr	PRES	So , instead , we ... manipulate .
tr	PRES	' Be my guest . ' '
tr	PRES	He was totally motionless , his shadowed face expressionless .
tr	PAST	Dad stole a rifle and kept it by his side in the house all the time .
tr	PRES	He gently lifts my chin , his gaze holds such promise .
tr	PRES	" I can 't believe this , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	More swamp coolers than I had ever seen in one building .
tr	PRES	" For a man who made his life around clobbering people , he sure talks like a librarian . "
tr	PRES	He pul ed away from the loft , using his blinker and obeying every traffic law along the way .
tr	PRES	He pins me effortlessly and I realise with a start what he 's doing .
tr	PRES	I am very active and athletic , work at a ski resort , I teach skiing and also work on the first aid team .
tr	PAST	I slowed down by a millisecond .
tr	PAST	A wolf limped out of the forest , partially hidden by a small boulder .
tr	PAST	He advanced on Ty , giving an almost manic laugh .
tr	PRES	" At the airport , silly .
tr	PAST	Long , deep , satisfying strokes matched the little sizzles of power from the tiny amulets .
tr	PRES	Blake paces back and forth next to the Jeep , still fidgeting with his head .
tr	PAST	There emerged from the McCloud side a formidable knight , the biggest man Thor had ever seen , mounted on his horse .
tr	PAST	I hopped a step to keep from falling and only smacked into Trystan a little bit .
tr	PRES	Tad pops open a bag of chips .
tr	PAST	Roxanne She slapped Chris across his cheek .
tr	PAST	More shadows crawled across the room .
tr	PAST	All I remembered from our previous meeting was his smell and that he 'd taken down someone named Corwin , whom Weldon had obviously liked .
tr	PAST	I lightly smacked her on the arm and she frowned .
tr	PAST	Another tunnel , " she exclaimed .
tr	PRES	When I enter , sweat , mustiness and flashing lights immediately surround me .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " he whispers back .
tr	PRES	The crowd ripples with shouts , and I close my eye , savoring the wave of their fear .
tr	PRES	" Move move move , " I urge , pushing them over the rubble .
tr	PAST	" Shall we draft a response to this message , then ?
tr	PAST	Mairi wept hard at the way Damen was begging , every word causing more pieces of her heart to turn brittle .
tr	PAST	I exhale , feeling a lightness in me .
tr	PAST	" I know this vampire , " he rasped , reaching out to grasp her hand .
tr	PRES	A choking feeling seeps through my body and emotions creep up that make me uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	" Daddy , can we take the dogs down to the lake to swim ?
tr	PAST	He smacked head-first against the cold , metal base .
tr	PRES	His eyes dwelt on her hips and bosom .
tr	PAST	" My quad ... " she protested as they began moving .
tr	PRES	Did Mama ever teach you how to cook anything else ? "
tr	PAST	Snapping back to immediate reality , Tarleton limped back towards the mess tent .
tr	PRES	" What proof ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed like the soft rays of the candles and I didn 't want him to let me go .
tr	PAST	And all our problems would be gone , " Kenny urged .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER ONE The morning after fleeing the hotel I woke , bleary eyed and exhausted , to the sound of my phone buzzing in my purse .
tr	PRES	What if she tries to change things , or take me away from Olivia ?
tr	PAST	His body jolted and numbers zipped through his head .
tr	PAST	A wave of peace washed over her .
tr	PAST	The butler tipped his head in a tiny bow of acknowledgment .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Abby .
tr	PRES	the wife whispers to the husband .
tr	PRES	And on top of that , all the lies about this fool 's errand .
tr	PAST	" Grandfather , deceased grandfather , " he interpreted for her .
tr	PRES	She flinches and scoots back on her butt .
tr	PRES	" Connor , wait , please , " she begged .
tr	PRES	" Alex , this is going to take all of my concentration , " he explains .
tr	PAST	But despite her misgivings , it also freed her .
tr	PRES	Boyd never stops talking about you . "
tr	PRES	( And heartache from lies and broken promises is never a pleasant experience . )
tr	PRES	The sun , warm despite the December day , shone down on everything , and the air hummed with birdsong , splashing water , and soft conversation .
tr	PAST	His sneer deepened as he shook his head .
tr	PRES	" It was pretty bad , " I murmur , wincing as I remember the whole mess .
tr	PAST	Like a broken robot she shuffled forward and took me by the left arm , but I was ready .
tr	PRES	' Ouch , what a cliché . '
tr	PAST	Mason 's neck itched .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand outwards , trying to grab for them , but there were too far down .
tr	PRES	The words echo through the blackness I slip into .
tr	PRES	You , ve been infected by something infinitely more dangerous than rabies , and I want you to go with me to the hospital now .
tr	PAST	Once he was in the door , she collapsed to her knees again and slid back out of the way .
tr	PRES	" He loves me .
tr	PAST	He messed you up good and you 're still in love with that loser . "
tr	PAST	A figure emerged from the side of the math building , staggering .
tr	PRES	It shone silver in the moonlight .
tr	PAST	He regarded her , and some of the tension left his face .
tr	PRES	Or scare you ? "
tr	PAST	Quite how they managed to slip into the tiny room unnoticed puzzled me at the time .
tr	PAST	I wrap my legs around his waist , pulling him closer .
tr	PAST	The ground rumbled under her with an ominous reminder that anything could happen in Area 51 .
tr	PRES	He loves to take me shopping so I 'll model the clothes for him . "
tr	PRES	" Your regular booth ? "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Friday murmurs when Paul shoots her a glance .
tr	PAST	Of course , she remarried , but she was " piddling " was what Henry called it , but he never mentioned it to Abe .
tr	PRES	Not fighting always smarter . "
tr	PAST	She herself had panicked and made a bad decision in marrying Ray .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	He climbs into the hot tub , smiles at his teachers .
tr	PAST	" Of course I knew , " I lied .
tr	PRES	The doorknob rattles , but he doesn 't come out .
tr	PRES	I exhale in a whoosh and I don 't know what to say , how to react .
tr	PAST	So I never cleaned the place .
tr	PAST	The hot shower washed away some of Jane 's tension Wednesday afternoon .
tr	PAST	A tinge of guilt washed over me .
tr	PRES	Our combined warmth ignites and her tongue slides into my mouth .
tr	PAST	He ambled over and dropped into the molded plastic seat at the little round table where Caroline was devouring her doughnut .
tr	PAST	He mopped his forehead .
tr	PAST	The goblins worship the PCs as gods and lavish all manner of things on them .
tr	PAST	I selfishly cringed but quickly scolded myself .
tr	PRES	Their prickly surface digs into my back and keeps me from sliding down .
tr	PRES	" You said Katrina wants to keep the recipes secret , " she points out .
tr	PRES	She flips one of the pancakes over with a spatula , steam rising in the air .
tr	PRES	He points west toward the highway beyond the woods .
tr	PRES	Step , kick , twirl ... There 's another flash of Ted 's camera and I decide just to go for it .
tr	PAST	He received word from the CTA that no air traffic was in their immediate vicinity but there were rainy conditions .
tr	PAST	" I hear congratulations are in order , Lady Westfield , " rasped a masculine voice behind her .
tr	PAST	More and more , her routine reduced itself to play ... rewind ... play ... rewind .
tr	PRES	he whispers under his breath .
tr	PAST	Someone at the back of the group sneezed .
tr	PAST	Nearly evenly matched . "
tr	PRES	The ceiling opens and the spirits leave .
tr	PRES	" More or less , " Dina mutters .
tr	PAST	He tugged off the skirt , then the panties , and then she was bare for him .
tr	PAST	My fingers itched to touch my stomach , where even now his child might be growing .
tr	PAST	But even more irritating , he acted as if he had every right to venture where he pleased in her space .
tr	PRES	He stops at the fountain and pulls me in close .
tr	PRES	The vibrations expand into deep sweltering waves .
tr	PAST	The lights dimmed and clothes were flying everywhere .
tr	PAST	She sensed movement , like she was falling , and the only thing she had to grab onto was the hard wall of his bare chest .
tr	PRES	" The Opening rune ? "
tr	PAST	" I saw him jump " , exclaimed the tree .
tr	PRES	" Get outta here , kid , " one of them hisses , flashing a row of tiny teeth .
tr	PRES	Constantly , as I recall . '
tr	PRES	He wraps my nipple chain around his fingers and yanks it hard .
tr	PAST	She sneezed again as she brushed it off .
tr	PAST	It lingered in the gullies between his teeth .
tr	PAST	Adams reassured him that he was not going to revisit the moment of realisation that he had discovered a corpse .
tr	PAST	The monster dove down for him , and at the last second , Thor rolled out of the way .
tr	PRES	I assume that you are familiar enough with your own quarters .
tr	PAST	The taste of it lingered on his tongue long after he had sipped the crimson nectar that flowed warm and sweet through her veins .
tr	PRES	A large table stands in the middle , and taped to the walls are photographs , diagrams , and lists .
tr	PAST	He stuck his head into the office of one of the adjunct professors , a thirty-something named Pat , who taught English composition .
tr	PAST	She never dared even to dream about it !
tr	PAST	One evening , before he bedded down for the night , he confronted his companion on this point .
tr	PAST	" Kiss me , Star , " he begged softly in the deep , dark voice that moved her .
tr	PRES	" Any ... thing ... " Chance managed , his voice rasping .
tr	PRES	His drawl kills me dead .
tr	PRES	" We 'll figure something out , " she vows .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , as if he was taking his time to consider the offer .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	Marguerite faltered as she saw her father on the doorstep , looking a bit sheepish .
tr	PAST	Either that , or her previous overindulgence prevented her from feeding .
tr	PAST	Innocent cocked his head and nodded .
tr	PAST	I grunted out and banged the wall and she looked at me in confusion .
tr	PAST	" Some guard dogs , " Eve scoffed .
tr	PAST	" Speaking of jealous psychos , " Amelie piped up .
tr	PAST	She slapped both on the table .
tr	PRES	She chokes , the fury that fueled her forward with that outburst deflating , leaving her looking drained and miserable .
tr	PRES	Or he just likes to kill things ? "
tr	PRES	She lays a hand on my stomach .
tr	PAST	Ariella very much doubted that it would be fun .
tr	PAST	I cringed as he told me what to do .
tr	PAST	Pleased with myself for figuring out a way around the trap , I crawled forward , using my arms to pull myself along .
tr	PRES	She glances down at Dr. Stewart , who is now on his back , passed out .
tr	PRES	The mysterious figure replied , " Listen , many things exist at once .
tr	PRES	" The Lady wishes to see you , Iron Prince .
tr	PAST	Claire propped her chin on her fist .
tr	PAST	She faltered for several seconds .
tr	PAST	" Susie has blond hair , " Chewy mumbled , looking upward .
tr	PRES	" No alarms yet . "
tr	PRES	My side throbs from where Peter punched me , but it 's nothing compared to the pulse of triumph in my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" What cult ? "
tr	PAST	When he asked where she was headed , she merely tipped her head in the direction of the setting sun and climbed into her car .
tr	PRES	He points to a shop advertising DVDs and computer games in its window .
tr	PRES	" I 'll come in with you , " he offers as we pull into the circular drive .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as we turned and ran -- not a one of us looking back .
tr	PRES	" It explains everything .
tr	PRES	Silver stops walking for a moment ; I look at Damien .
tr	PAST	Before I had time to react , the world circled around , turning to a crimson , and blocked my senses .
tr	PRES	As if I needed any more mysteries right now .
tr	PRES	" Foot prints in the sand .
tr	PAST	They bounced onto it together and she yelped .
tr	PRES	Jace deserves a place he can call his own and so do you .
tr	PRES	As Steve gets in the rhythm of checking behind benches and rummaging through trash cans , his mind begins to examine his day at school .
tr	PAST	Jeff lingered behind , waiting for the room to clear .
tr	PRES	The vehicle slows down .
tr	PAST	He flicked the activation switch .
tr	PAST	With the sun sinking into the horizon in front of us we sped toward the west .
tr	PRES	" The barrier holds for now , but it will fail .
tr	PRES	I bark , and then temper my tone , catching the professor 's eyes flicker up at us from his podium .
tr	PAST	I caressed my husband 's cheek with my fingers , hoping that he looked less disturbed and more at peace .
tr	PRES	He deserves a chance to prove that to someone he cares very much about . "
tr	PAST	I froze , but at that moment the Eleanor Channing that I knew and couldn 't stand came screaming to the fore .
tr	PAST	Julia 's body stiffened .
tr	PAST	Liam expertly steered against the current , keeping them between the docks and the more open part of the harbour .
tr	PRES	Reaching for her , he said , " Spending the rest of the day in bed . "
tr	PRES	She throws in a couple of more sobs .
tr	PRES	Her voice rises in pitch .
tr	PAST	" I 'm done with your back , " he announced .
tr	PAST	He sniffed as I rolled my eyes , grabbing my sword from where I 'd jammed it into the earth .
tr	PAST	Longing chased through her eyes , then faded .
tr	PAST	Devonshire hopped down , and paced the floor .
tr	PAST	Zuzana , Mik , and the other onlookers faltered back .
tr	PAST	His cry of agony pierced the night air .
tr	PRES	" You will go on to greatness , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	She feared him , just a little , it was true , but she loved him so much more .
tr	PRES	" It 's so idiotic for you to be considered a thug just because you like to wear hoodies , " snaps Lorena .
tr	PAST	Dad 's eyes flicked to Blake and then away .
tr	PRES	A doctor enters my room after a few minutes .
tr	PRES	Her gloved hand loosens , moves , then pushes down firmly , trying to clear the viewing area .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I don 't really want to do the ' Yay , Emily ' cake thing right now . "
tr	PRES	Cameron 's voice rises in my head again .
tr	PRES	It dawns on me that I have lost my friend forever .
tr	PAST	She exploded , coming with a joyous shout of release as he continued to pound into her .
tr	PAST	His fingers lingered at the pulse fluttering at the base of her throat , his senses drowning in the scent of peaches .
tr	PAST	When my head is turned , McKnight lands a solid right hook to my jaw .
tr	PAST	After he was asleep , she crawled out of the toilet with a blade strapped to her back , quietly approached the bed , and decapitated him .
tr	PAST	He sensed her mother was awake and didn 't seem to mind that her daughter had been alone with him .
tr	PRES	And it matches the color of your feet .
tr	PRES	She twitches beneath me and I could swear I hear her gasp , even above the music .
tr	PAST	Laura asked , her hands clasped together at her chest and hope brimming in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Cold air-conditioned air washed over my face .
tr	PAST	Maybe I 'd lied .
tr	PRES	Very careful about saying their name Below . "
tr	PRES	A target -- until I started standing up for myself .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , taking in her scent and savoring it .
tr	PAST	" Car accident , " stated Jeff matter-of-factly .
tr	PRES	' Shit , oh shit , ' Julie whispers to herself .
tr	PRES	He sighs again , giving up .
tr	PAST	He sensed he was in the middle of it .
tr	PAST	" Claire , will you tell your mother I quit ? "
tr	PRES	President Shepherd signals in a Secret Service agent and asks , " Is the Chief of Staff waiting to come in ? "
tr	PAST	Leaning over , he claimed her lips , plunging his tongue into her mouth .
tr	PRES	" And if you can give us , um , five minutes ?
tr	PRES	" Am I correct in assuming that none of you will be eating from this delicious feast ? "
tr	PAST	Then she exploded into laughter that rocked the cave walls .
tr	PRES	No one remembers who started it .
tr	PRES	Phillip Carries Ambrose , and They Reach the Ships .
tr	PAST	Suddenly he plunged his face into its folds , gasping in the perfume of it .
tr	PRES	Until the sun falls from the sky .
tr	PRES	" Your personnel file . "
tr	PAST	She motioned for them to speak .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through her when she saw Drake .
tr	PAST	When I 'd awoken , I wept for a child I didn 't know .
tr	PAST	It proved one thing , at least , that Bonnie was alive and relatively well .
tr	PAST	Knowing he would do it cost him something , too .
tr	PAST	Dante motioned for them to all sit again .
tr	PAST	The stranger dove right in .
tr	PAST	His mind chattered frantically .
tr	PAST	Matt received a good report on his therapy , which improved his mood .
tr	PRES	" And put on something that covers up all those tattoos .
tr	PRES	" You steal in secret .
tr	PRES	' Hello , corpse . '
tr	PAST	He motioned to the tea and crackers .
tr	PAST	Then he withdrew it and left her hand enclosing nothing and he said , " Remember the Hard Ones , Dua .
tr	PRES	Everyone likes her . "
tr	PAST	He sniffed a little .
tr	PAST	" They 've sent in reinforcements , " he rumbled , looking troubled .
tr	PAST	" Special fairy dust , my ass , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	I scooted slowly , moving inch by inch until I finally could feel another chair up against my shoulder .
tr	PRES	The man assigned to Dad 's case slides into his seat , a pinched look on his brow causing lines to branch and deepen across his forehead .
tr	PAST	I tipped the sword from his hand and waited for the crowd to hear it crash to the ground .
tr	PAST	She feared he might read her intense interest in him , which seemed to compound after each meeting .
tr	PAST	Webb announced to all at the gym .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , " her father urged .
tr	PAST	She regarded him in the half light .
tr	PAST	Fryer swiped the phone again .
tr	PRES	Trace lets him go and Tristan stumbles back toward me , bumping into the front of my car .
tr	PRES	She misses Lucent desperately , their intimate conversations and their friendly duels and their wild forest adventures .
tr	PRES	" So , the thing in my closet .
tr	PRES	Misery loves company , and he was certain his performance was much worse than hers .
tr	PAST	" I obtained her calling card and address before we left .
tr	PRES	Megan reaches up on tiptoes and kisses me softly .
tr	PRES	The hallway stank faintly of sour old urine .
tr	PAST	Then I plead with him to come back and sate me .
tr	PRES	Maybe it was all lies .
tr	PAST	" I lied about that . "
tr	PRES	But men teach boys .
tr	PRES	" That 's nice to hear , " he comments , leaning back a bit more in his chair .
tr	PRES	" The tourist attraction ? "
tr	PAST	Drew bounced down the steps wearing his Campus Security jacket .
tr	PAST	He shuffled back , squirming and grabbing the hem of a coat one of his men was wearing .
tr	PRES	That changes when I see a man in a business suit headed straight for me .
tr	PRES	" Oh , he talks ! "
tr	PAST	The lights as they switched them on successively revealed empty rooms and empty passages which wore the abandoned look of indoor midnight .
tr	PAST	Charlie cocked an eyebrow at him .
tr	PRES	Push your way in where you shouldn 't be . "
tr	PAST	" And I dreamed of you .
tr	PAST	The cord buzzed along , a constant open connection .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" May I fetch you something to drink ? "
tr	PAST	Then the red-haired female leaped into the crater , grabbed his shoulders , mashed her lips against his , and breathed into his mouth .
tr	PAST	Nate slowed the horses and answered , irritation plain in his voice , " This mindless speculation is absolutely useless . "
tr	PAST	We too flung bystanders from our path .
tr	PRES	Each husband richer than the one who came before him .
tr	PRES	The filmy sun sinking into the smoke beyond the trees of Kim 's back yard signals to Shelton an ending , and not of the nightmare .
tr	PAST	Gansey 's invented apartment was a dreamer 's laboratory .
tr	PAST	I just adjusted the spell they used to alter emotions instead .
tr	PRES	Then he saw her , another figure standing apart , her loneliness like a shout against the strong group feeling shared by the village .
tr	PAST	Sibyl and Bertie , witnessing her ranting , feared she 'd sustained a terrible head injury as Scarlett carefully tended to her .
tr	PAST	As he went down , he once again withdrew the knife from his right boot .
tr	PAST	" Lizzie , there 's nothing here , " he stated quietly .
tr	PAST	She clutched a hand to her shoulder .
tr	PAST	Then Amber stormed out of the bedroom and back downstairs .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head right back at her .
tr	PRES	Knox stares intently at my lips .
tr	PRES	In one stupid , spiteful moment I ruined everything between my father and me , and he died before I could fix it . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I guess , " I mutter , not fully believing him .
tr	PRES	8 months later ... Ella I despise mirrors .
tr	PAST	I fled down the dark , twisted corridors of Baruch 's mind , planting one explosion after another .
tr	PRES	He loves his sister , but love doesn 't magically make all complications disappear .
tr	PAST	His very cheeks writhed in agitation , in fury .
tr	PAST	" Her fingerprints matched other fingerprints on file that they were trying to identify from the previous murders . "
tr	PRES	A few people mumbled yes or nodded .
tr	PAST	" Just tell me what 's going on , " he urged .
tr	PRES	I relax as well .
tr	PRES	Instead , they delve into the anger , they get respected or feared for it , and they use it .
tr	PRES	Mike snuck up behind her , wrapping his arms around her waist and burying his face in the expanse of skin at her neck .
tr	PAST	He tensed without knowing exactly why , but did not slow his pace .
tr	PAST	His grin matched the one that stretched across my face .
tr	PRES	" It is terrible , Rand al ' Thor .
tr	PRES	Storm pushes him away with a giggle and a crinkled nose .
tr	PAST	I collapsed backward , bringing Daemon along with me .
tr	PRES	He crawls around trying to find them .
tr	PAST	They meandered through the French Market , and Cade pointed out the Port where Naval ships dock .
tr	PAST	" Got any food around here ?
tr	PAST	Sloane stiffened in her seat .
tr	PAST	My body tensed as Mage reached forward to grip Bishop 's shoulders , securing him .
tr	PRES	I enforce them . "
tr	PAST	Yet , the fool stormed off to save the day , and was now probably dead .
tr	PAST	I wasn 't expecting to see you , " Paul uttered .
tr	PRES	But he offers a large bill , and then another , and promises of more , and she may keep her legs closed .
tr	PAST	" I 'll take Skyler to the hospital myself , " Brice volunteered immediately .
tr	PAST	Mike 's discovery revealed the weapon 's true power .
tr	PAST	She crouched down beside him , needing to know if he was dying .
tr	PRES	" I wanted to go to the lab and see how they are collecting the samples , " Kiara teased him further .
tr	PRES	Trystan glances at her , reaches over and brushes the back of his hand against hers .
tr	PRES	Their words sing to me .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PAST	Ion squinted , but through the darkness he could only faintly make out a face in the middle .
tr	PRES	He taps his chest .
tr	PRES	Marcus remains in a coma , but there is no trace of Kayla 's pneumonia .
tr	PRES	The elemental magic changes them back so they look like they used to .
tr	PRES	But damned if he 'd stand for being compared to that dead jackass one more time .
tr	PRES	She draws a sharp breath .
tr	PAST	She elbowed him again , this time as hard as she could , " You care , but you 're not loyal .
tr	PRES	But that mattered not .
tr	PRES	The information always stops at me .
tr	PRES	All at once , Serena remembers why she is here .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " I mumbled , and everyone else joined in .
tr	PAST	I lied then because I had no direction , but I needed you to chase me .
tr	PRES	Annie 's face shone with what looked like genuine enthusiasm .
tr	PRES	It presses on a certain nerve , and , supposedly stops you feeling sick .
tr	PRES	Just pisses me off more .
tr	PAST	I tipped back the glass of cold San Miguel and swallowed half of it in one go .
tr	PAST	He anticipated one of Lori 's smiles when he walked in the door .
tr	PRES	I assume they don 't have warning you 're going to die ? "
tr	PAST	She froze for a moment , pressed against his bulk .
tr	PRES	It lets out a series of ear-splitting mechanical squawks , and then the Lecture Hall goes dark .
tr	PRES	" Even the captain ?
tr	PAST	Their gazes locked and clashed before a chilled smile curved the sensuous lips .
tr	PRES	Only a slight gap lies between the wooden steps of the airship and the roof of the house , but he helps me down .
tr	PRES	He trusts you to make a decision . "
tr	PAST	The beast stares up at me with gray eyes and pants , his long tongue hanging out the side of his mouth .
tr	PRES	Warner 's smile slides back into place .
tr	PRES	I begged , my voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	Beside her stands a huge tattooed man in a red shirt who looks like he enjoys hurting people .
tr	PRES	Grace mumbled something I didn 't hear .
tr	PAST	Louisiana law required that all coroners be physicians , and Dr. Canard was also a forensic pathologist who had served in the position for over twenty years .
tr	PAST	A smile tickled his voice , and a shiver ran down her back .
tr	PAST	Moments ago we received intelligence pointing to an imminent attack on this outpost !
tr	PAST	Then as if to be sure he understood , she acted out the process of grabbing the beast and throwing it outside .
tr	PRES	" I assume Lydia asked me to begin because I 've taken classes here before .
tr	PRES	But before she can answer , Mitch slides into my driveway in his truck .
tr	PRES	Because I got that flu .
tr	PRES	He slowly stands up from his crouched position and exposes his full body .
tr	PAST	Lily cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	" Old enough to drink , " Chris joked .
tr	PAST	Odd that she isn 't consistent about her own name , he pondered .
tr	PRES	" One problem at a time , " Xe exhales , nodding .
tr	PAST	From another he extracted a pair of black climbing gloves and pulled them over his own fingers .
tr	PAST	The other students shuffled in at that moment , almost like it was deliberately timed .
tr	PRES	And we should cuz after a little bit of waiting , she begins to talk .
tr	PRES	I cloak my visceral reaction , stilling my shiver .
tr	PRES	" What about Lea ? "
tr	PAST	" Even if it 's deep , this stitches it up , okay ?
tr	PRES	Anyway , the trial plays beautifully for the family of the deceased .
tr	PAST	Kimberly pretty much matched Jon 's version of things action for action .
tr	PRES	" And Margaret ? "
tr	PRES	I estimate that we distributed thousands of copies like this .
tr	PAST	Me : Got ta go .
tr	PAST	I anticipated some heavy-duty fallout from being rejected , once again , by the people who had given me life , for whatever that was worth .
tr	PRES	What I find out pretty much describes what I saw with my dad .
tr	PAST	Jennifer tugged open the heavy wooden door of the café and slipped inside .
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded to shower me with gifts .
tr	PRES	When we say ' mated ' we 're not talking about sexual intercourse , you idiot .
tr	PRES	" The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett . "
tr	PAST	She froze , the ache in her chest stopping her breath as the tears threatened to blur her vision .
tr	PRES	Before me lies Snow 's second delivery .
tr	PRES	Jack sees them and shoves himself further into the crowd to escape .
tr	PAST	As his spasms diminished and he groaned over me , I massaged the base with one hand as I squeezed his firm buttock .
tr	PRES	The tears threaten then , as I tell him I miss my brother .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches the top of my thighs and he discovers that I wasn 't lying about my lack of underwear .
tr	PAST	Kate shuffled the papers in front of her into order .
tr	PRES	Indecision freezes me in place .
tr	PAST	I cringed , letting it shake my whole body .
tr	PAST	she scoffed , looking like herself when she arched her eyebrow and gave me her best ' bitch please ' face .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be back , " she mumbled , mortified and not sure what else to say .
tr	PRES	she whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	Princess pajamas or butterflies ?
tr	PRES	" And they ... " Justine begins , and then pauses .
tr	PRES	" Of course , your highness . "
tr	PRES	He opens his door and removes his jacket and satchel , throwing them into the passenger seat .
tr	PRES	" So are you , " Thayer spat , standing in the middle of the circle .
tr	PRES	The fire wove the most complex song he had ever heard as it burned , one that he could barely begin to understand .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't appear to be anything here for them either , " Billy mumbled to Gabby .
tr	PAST	He cringed away from her outstretched hand .
tr	PRES	The Day of the Red Dawn approaches in one week 's time , my lovelies .
tr	PAST	But the hit persisted .
tr	PAST	A voice rumbled through the empty room .
tr	PRES	, particularly the waters that surround one of China 's major submarine bases in Sanya .
tr	PAST	His boots matched his hoody , a worn yet warm color .
tr	PRES	He then softens his tone .
tr	PAST	Then he extended his hand to her .
tr	PAST	" He treated my parents most selfishly .
tr	PRES	" Well , thanks for rescuing me , sis . "
tr	PAST	Her pleasured cry vibrated against his neck .
tr	PAST	He secured the reigns and the animal to a small sapling and mounted the saddle atop a blanket on the horses back .
tr	PRES	She folds her arms .
tr	PRES	And he likes your type . "
tr	PRES	" The Ice Lord 's army stretches to the horizon . "
tr	PAST	Kelly grunted as he rolled out of bed .
tr	PAST	I scrolled through another page and was about to start a new search when one website caught my eye .
tr	PAST	Chapter 6 Alec stormed out of the airport , irritated at the whole world .
tr	PRES	A sense of relief washes over me .
tr	PAST	I leaped into a fellow soldier , knocking him down , but made it into the back of the truck .
tr	PRES	That and he brings others .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her book bag on her shoulder up over her head so the strap rested across her chest .
tr	PAST	Without its shields , a pallet shattered the disabled cruiser 's windshield .
tr	PRES	And Valentine , his voice hoarse : It wasn 't a son I needed .
tr	PAST	She regained her smooth tone .
tr	PAST	I squealed bouncing up and down .
tr	PAST	The drumming neared , a wall of sound .
tr	PAST	I clasped a hand over my mouth , stifling the gasp that rose in my throat .
tr	PRES	" It 's Miss Jennie did it herself , " Mavis bursts out .
tr	PRES	" We bail out in six .
tr	PRES	Piers elbows me and chuckles .
tr	PAST	Devin cleaned the tub and even managed to find some bubble bath .
tr	PRES	The King stands in front of the great fireplace , although no fire is lit .
tr	PAST	His hands floated along my arms .
tr	PRES	My mother sniffs and then delicately sits up , her dark hair tumbling over her shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Cut it out , " he chuckles , shoving her to the side playfully and stepping up to the challenge .
tr	PAST	More than one looked abandoned .
tr	PRES	" Ye gods , where is your sister !
tr	PRES	" She belongs to me . "
tr	PAST	Darkness emerged at the horizons .
tr	PRES	She talks genteel and is obviously well born and bred .
tr	PRES	Mel stands and grabs her purse .
tr	PAST	he accused , his shoulders stiff as he barreled toward them .
tr	PAST	" Let us begin , " Gabriel announced .
tr	PRES	Are we ok so far ? "
tr	PRES	Prewitt frowns , yelling .
tr	PRES	I lean back into him , struggling with the rollercoaster of emotions running through my body .
tr	PAST	It eyed the yellow and orange costume with a sneer .
tr	PRES	But for Ben to call me something like that ... suddenly it mattered .
tr	PAST	" Yes , please , " I whimper , closing my eyes as he begins to circle his thumb .
tr	PRES	It was a huge hit , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He stiffened for an instant , but then immediately pulled her closer as they pushed toward the outside of a bar .
tr	PAST	She reversed out of the driveway and I watched as she pulled into the street and left .
tr	PAST	A barrage of potentially lethal strokes bounced aside as the sword struck a thin dome of energy that only flashed into view on impact .
tr	PAST	" The bitch bloody well charged us . "
tr	PRES	" Did Mad Rogan just recruit Bug ? "
tr	PRES	He sees who is the stronger stone . "
tr	PRES	She hears the hissing as each rock descends rapidly into the wall 's gravity pull .
tr	PAST	He doubted whether any amount of planning would make any difference .
tr	PRES	" But he refuses to let anyone call him that . "
tr	PRES	A rush of happiness fills me when he gently coaxes a yearling into his stall .
tr	PRES	" Uh boy , " Claire mumbled under her breath .
tr	PAST	Now his mouth curved .
tr	PRES	" Brother Bartholomew ! "
tr	PAST	Her ego received a boost as all activity instantly ceased .
tr	PAST	He grunted , his eyes filled with desire .
tr	PRES	" Is that really water , bro ?
tr	PAST	Sam and Lillian scampered away .
tr	PRES	My eyes shone of their own light within the aura and I shivered at the sight .
tr	PAST	The big Mercedes limousine provided a surprisingly comfortable ride .
tr	PRES	In the middle of the circle that the tents create , a large fire lays .
tr	PAST	My gaze meandered through the restaurant 's chic interior .
tr	PRES	He finally throws them back in the floor and grabs my wrists and tries to pull me up , but I start kicking at his legs .
tr	PAST	" You can 't go out mere , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	I relax when I get home at night and have Winnie if I need a day break . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't try to sugar coat it for me , Jo-Jo .
tr	PRES	" I 'll try to remember that , " I chuckle as we approach the solid black metal door with a tiny peep hole in it .
tr	PAST	We dusted the note but there weren 't any prints . "
tr	PRES	Ann stands , shouting and shaking her curls .
tr	PRES	We tiptoe onto the landing -- or maybe it 's just Bran and I that tiptoe -- without a thing happening .
tr	PRES	" To make sure nobody sees me . "
tr	PRES	" Well , have you seen the commercial where the guy tosses and turns , dreadfully sleepless ?
tr	PRES	" I am sorry about that , " he offers .
tr	PRES	And seriously , find a change of clothes , cause you are just nasty , " she teased .
tr	PAST	His hands flapped in the air and then punched them back into his pocket .
tr	PRES	Silence falls , broken only by the crackling of the fire and the whooshing of the waves .
tr	PAST	In answer to a direct question , the patients always denied nervousness .
tr	PAST	The butler squinted at the lettering .
tr	PAST	Sarah joked , looking at the gravure language .
tr	PAST	Rich , intoxicating , vibrant , necessary , it cooled that instant flash of agony , soothing her from the inside out .
tr	PAST	Daniel eyed his bed , rumpled gray spread rising with each baby breath from Austin .
tr	PRES	" You 've seen me nearly naked , baby doll .
tr	PRES	" The Army , " Tyler comments dryly .
tr	PRES	Dipping his head , he chuckles .
tr	PAST	They all piled in on top of one another , like a bunch of clowns all trying to get into the same cars . "
tr	PRES	It even holds you back in your guitar playing .
tr	PRES	He glances around before continuing , his voice lower .
tr	PRES	' Umm , that brings up a ticklish point , Hughes .
tr	PRES	The mountainous west stretches across the horizon yielding to the thick tree line across the southern boundary .
tr	PRES	A lot of gibberish about the most insane things imaginable . "
tr	PAST	I bore a daughter nine months later .
tr	PAST	Then he tugged on my nipples and I lost it .
tr	PAST	Because she learnt from me .
tr	PRES	He touches lightly one of them .
tr	PRES	" Psycho , " I mumbled through tape .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " she lied .
tr	PAST	Vivian propped up her smile with a bit more determination .
tr	PRES	Isaac throws a fourth guard off him and rushes over to me , breathing heavily and already bleeding .
tr	PRES	The priest then begs the young men to get down on their knees and beg for forgiveness before they burn in Hell for all eternity .
tr	PRES	' But Michael , what about Agnes ? '
tr	PAST	" Skate , I mean , " I lied , shrugging nonchalantly .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you freezing ? "
tr	PRES	" To resurrect his son that you killed .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed about your ugly ass last night . "
tr	PAST	Aine tidied the apartment as best she could , then left for the market .
tr	PAST	Auron panicked , almost falling off the tower .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't I warn you not to look at me like that ? "
tr	PAST	Firelight danced across the windshield as the building collapsed violently onto itself .
tr	PAST	The technical support team reported that a tracking device had been fitted to Barclay 's car , parked outside his lodgings .
tr	PAST	It represented her exclusion from society and her humiliation before men .
tr	PAST	He thanked Mrs. Akers for the food , said goodbye and started on his way across the island to his favorite spot .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply and wiped his hand across his face as if rubbing away the pain .
tr	PRES	" It helps you fight off an attack , and it 's truly remarkable , but I don 't want you to do it right now .
tr	PRES	" How you doing down there , buddy ? "
tr	PRES	" A letter of marque grants the holder legal protection .
tr	PAST	He named a few more pictures .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you here today ? "
tr	PRES	Zella 's lips thinned before she said , " What 's Lexie going to do ? "
tr	PRES	" And my blindness ? "
tr	PRES	If she remembers me at all . "
tr	PRES	Just shout if you need us . "
tr	PRES	Cricket points at my coat .
tr	PRES	It lacks a physical form yet can alter the world around us in numerous , often violent , ways .
tr	PAST	You know , I fantasized at least a thousand times about what I wanted to do to ruin your family like your brother and father ruined mine .
tr	PRES	She stands and adjusts her miniskirt .
tr	PRES	" Everybody draws a line somewhere .
tr	PAST	I prayed that he was right .
tr	PAST	She clasped her long blond hair reflexively .
tr	PAST	James squinted at her .
tr	PAST	Rose 's heart pinched as she thought of Sasha .
tr	PRES	" Edwin ... " " Oh piss off , you bloody annoying little midget ! "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	Pale morning sunlight glowed through thin clouds above , softening shadows and giving the city of Elland a flat aspect .
tr	PRES	" Good thing I used to be a Boy Scout , " he teased .
tr	PRES	She challenges me , sees the better man that I never knew existed .
tr	PRES	And still , Sunny evaded his eyes .
tr	PAST	At that , Isabelle , whose temper had been rising , exploded .
tr	PRES	Why then are you so resistant to the idea of having Sofia 's blood when she so willingly offers it to you ? "
tr	PAST	he asked , his face pinched with concern .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance at Amy .
tr	PAST	He blanched a little but covered up well .
tr	PRES	" The Addams Family . "
tr	PRES	Please , " she finally begged him .
tr	PAST	She preferred to have Skylar close by but at the moment he had left to pick up two more academic friends of Wallace .
tr	PRES	" You 're not a freak , " mumbled Perry .
tr	PRES	The woman he loves .
tr	PRES	She glares at me .
tr	PRES	" That 's from Trace , she misses you . "
tr	PAST	" I trusted you ... " Charles wheezed out .
tr	PRES	" Emily , " I warn .
tr	PRES	And why drag me along with you ? "
tr	PAST	Henderson has volunteered to build a fire pit .
tr	PAST	" I don 't care about my image , " Dale had scoffed .
tr	PAST	She claimed my hand again .
tr	PRES	By all means , let 's pile it on .
tr	PAST	The sheriff may have sensed Daniel was holding back , but reluctantly offered up a few tidbits of his own .
tr	PAST	Eventually , she caved , but I had the feeling she wouldn 't let it go for long .
tr	PRES	Tobias frowns for a moment , then nods , but I 'm not sure he understands me .
tr	PRES	He searches through the pages of script again and again , his sweaty forehead resting in his left palm .
tr	PRES	Relying completely on reflexes I whipped out one of my Desert Eagles and pointed it directly at the would-be attacker .
tr	PAST	Erratic emotions surfaced at first then froze inside of him .
tr	PRES	I relax , laughing as I remember my unwanted success with the fishing rod .
tr	PRES	" And hay rides too . "
tr	PAST	She motioned for him to proceed , but kept her lips tightly pursed , possibly trying not to say anything that would make him feel worse .
tr	PAST	" There 's no more , " the barkeep rasped , his voice trembling .
tr	PRES	And that certainly explains the way you talk and your clothing . "
tr	PAST	Freak King Freak ? '
tr	PRES	' And Love ? '
tr	PAST	I crouched down and patted the dog 's head and as if bonding immediately , the dog got up and started licking my hand .
tr	PAST	Camille 's fingers tensed around her fork as she stabbed a piece of ham off the serving dish .
tr	PAST	When Piper only scowled at me , not the least bit appeased , I exhaled slowly and prepared to surrender .
tr	PRES	His eyebrows pul ed together .
tr	PAST	" The difference between the born and the created , please . "
tr	PRES	' Oh , thank god . '
tr	PAST	Spirit claimed that their bodies were in a kind of stasis .
tr	PAST	I sniffed and turned my cheek into the coolness of his shirt .
tr	PRES	Gavin throws his arms around her and picks her up off the ground and kisses her cheek .
tr	PRES	Disgust immediately weaves through me .
tr	PRES	Rose glances at the television as the news blares .
tr	PRES	" And of course you muck stalls .
tr	PAST	When this was done , a count of the skulls revealed that some of the people must have been taken prisoners .
tr	PRES	" Ok , how ? "
tr	PRES	Looking in the direction of the ringing bell , Diana sees a sail wrapped around a mast which has been carefully concealed by the heavy island foliage .
tr	PRES	" My brother , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	At the moment I finally manage to get myself off the bed , the little thing digs sharp claws into my back !
tr	PAST	I adjusted my gait , feeling lighter than I used to .
tr	PAST	My dad perked up one eyebrow , " How long have you known this boy ? "
tr	PRES	Rian holds his hands up in fake surrender .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something in answer .
tr	PAST	Taylor hopped back into the car , stopping their kiss cold .
tr	PRES	" Later , lass . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm not so sure about that , " I teased .
tr	PAST	It all required a lot of open space .
tr	PAST	Hunter eyed the doctor with cautiously .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , probably at my factual tone .
tr	PAST	The core of the emerald sphere swirled with dark shadows , an inky whirlpool that screamed of corruption and death .
tr	PAST	Allan regarded him thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	He inched his hand up her bare back .
tr	PRES	He deserves to meet his replacement .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	An inferno consumes the barricade .
tr	PRES	" Oh , dear , " mumbled Uncle Drac .
tr	PRES	" Yes , it will Dad , " I mimic his tone .
tr	PAST	Nia 's voice slapped Elora in the face .
tr	PRES	Mom slides her cloth napkin off her plate and unfolds it .
tr	PAST	The air charged between us .
tr	PRES	The human who cannot only see fae runes but can also read the fae language .
tr	PAST	Sweet Dove intruded once more , approaching the table and stroking Reyes 's thigh .
tr	PAST	Reece leaped off the sofa and turned back toward the door .
tr	PRES	And a fine supper it was , too ! "
tr	PAST	As lawyers around the country collected the cases and put together their coalitions , the inevitable conflicts arose .
tr	PAST	I scrolled to Matteo 's number , and , since I could never use him for a ride again , especially now , I deleted it .
tr	PAST	A growl emerged from his throat .
tr	PRES	But north lies our road between down and fen when day returns . '
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 18 Shadows How I get there isn 't as important as getting there . "
tr	PRES	The leg removes itself from the car , followed by its twin , and both make their way to Tammie .
tr	PRES	He only puffs his chest up large to bursting and shouts at his step-father , Travis .
tr	PRES	" Good afternoon Mr. Zane .
tr	PRES	Then , he steals it back , knowing exactly what to do to make my body surrender .
tr	PAST	" Top drawer of my dresser under my socks . "
tr	PAST	I risked another glance at Angus .
tr	PRES	But , speaking hypothetically , in a situation like this it seems to me the loot belongs to no one .
tr	PAST	I bore down on my back teeth to stop the tears that threatened to flow .
tr	PRES	Lennox freezes , like an old man who can 't stand upright .
tr	PRES	The crystal lies here in legend only , and that is if we read it correctly .
tr	PAST	The arrow screeched just over his head , prompting Aiden to turn to the assailant and give him the same fiery treatment .
tr	PRES	Over and over I begged , pleaded , demanded , and even once threatened .
tr	PRES	Would his eyes rot ? "
tr	PAST	She clutched at his arm and found the raised mark with her fingertips .
tr	PRES	" Not unless it allows kids to sink hundreds of free throws in a row . "
tr	PAST	Vampires plus daylight equaled instant death .
tr	PAST	He froze , dark eyes flickering guiltily to his plate .
tr	PRES	" I assume that the First Lady is still being held by the Queen ? "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side .
tr	PRES	He paces and mutters something I cannot hear .
tr	PRES	" The English ? "
tr	PRES	He strokes my cheek gently .
tr	PAST	With a squeal of delight she emerged victorious , brandishing a packet of instant percolation stim blocks .
tr	PRES	" Reagan , " I warn .
tr	PRES	Because I crave you , too . "
tr	PRES	I am a knight , Herr 'D on .
tr	PAST	Yes , they 'd both messed up , but he had come to claim her again , and he wasn 't leaving without doing just that .
tr	PRES	" Talley Ho ! "
tr	PRES	" Will , I just need a minute , " she sniffs .
tr	PAST	He and Allan transferred the supplies they deemed most necessary into Allan 's smaller pack which Stave then hoisted onto his own back .
tr	PAST	His heart slowed and his muscles relaxed .
tr	PRES	" Less happily you as well . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Love .
tr	PAST	You saw something down there that changed your mind , " Bridgett accused narrowing her gaze .
tr	PAST	The waves churned beneath the boat , twisting his gut with nausea .
tr	PRES	Dad returns my smile .
tr	PRES	It stank of human prejudice .
tr	PRES	Shops at the Strand near here , so maybe he carries bags from there ? "
tr	PAST	She shuffled her feet , painfully aware that her shoes were pinching her toes at this moment .
tr	PRES	For the moment , let 's assume it didn 't come from anyone inside Sigma command .
tr	PRES	But damn if his subconscious knew it , uncooperative prick that it was .
tr	PAST	An hour later the lads still chattered on .
tr	PAST	As his warm , lush lips barely brushed mine , he reversed .
tr	PAST	I never bothered to ask if such thing could be done .
tr	PRES	When the elevator arrives , she enters , chooses Lobby , leans against one wall and starts sobbing .
tr	PAST	Her tears subsided for a second .
tr	PAST	" Hal called it his retirement plan , " Lance scoffed .
tr	PRES	" Good burger ! "
tr	PRES	Thankfully , the subject changes , and soon the guys are arguing over who ate the most chili fries last year .
tr	PRES	Everyone remains uncomfortably silent while I finish my breakfast .
tr	PRES	None of it matches , but it 's all comfortable to sprawl on , and my lights are dim enough to let me ignore it .
tr	PAST	" I take it you 've heard of it , " I stated the obvious .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Rick .
tr	PRES	Finding a discarded napkin here , the remains of wrapping paper there and throwing them away while Callum shut down the house for the night .
tr	PAST	Doug charged Tom once again but this time he moved quicker and hit much harder .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deep , tucking it all away to the corner of my brain that would always belong to her .
tr	PRES	He mutters a sorry to them while I try to hop to my feet .
tr	PAST	" No frogs here , either . "
tr	PRES	" What splendid news . "
tr	PAST	He weaved his way past a stopped cab and raced across Lexington , driving straight into an underground parking structure .
tr	PAST	Brin quietly crawled to where the dying captain lay and whispered , " come . "
tr	PRES	Magic , a voice inside me whispers .
tr	PRES	" Pressure reads ... zero .
tr	PRES	" Keep your voice down , " I hiss .
tr	PAST	The wizards regarded the nut 's innards in shocked silence .
tr	PAST	She produced her pencil and pad and began as he dictated .
tr	PAST	Tonight her small but persistent act of independence bothered him more than ever .
tr	PAST	She clutched his shoulders with unsteady fingers as his hands caressed her inner thigh and moved inward to her moist heat .
tr	PAST	Laurel balled the note in her hands and stared blankly at the rainbow-colored bottles of nail polish on the shelf .
tr	PAST	Then she clipped a small piece of Gracie 's hair and added it to the pot , which contained what now was a bright red liquid .
tr	PRES	He kills people , Austin .
tr	PAST	He leaped in the air with great power and just before contact , he exploded his entire body and stopped it slowly from hitting me too .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my toes in the wet sand and enjoy how the cool water laps at my ankles .
tr	PAST	Chapter 2 He 'd risked his neck for a woman who could teach a survival course at the base .
tr	PRES	The group , as one , begins to shed packs and shake supplies out on the ground , like a single animal molting its skin .
tr	PRES	" You preach at gunpoint ? "
tr	PRES	She brings in seasons to wear them down , plant them , fill them with green .
tr	PAST	His fingers massaged reflexively into the softness and she moaned softly in response .
tr	PRES	I will admit to you , I influence them to turn away from me .
tr	PRES	" Jesus , how could I be so stupid , " she mutters under her breath .
tr	PAST	Elliot exclaimed at the pixie woman who was more interested in her Facebook page than us .
tr	PAST	I trusted she 'd make it to the boat where Matteo would assist her .
tr	PAST	It identified him as Aaron Bock .
tr	PAST	Moist adjusted the tie again .
tr	PAST	Quinn exhaled a laugh .
tr	PRES	Jon points to the work of art , " what duty are those units performing ? "
tr	PAST	He doubted she 'd notice if he jumped up and danced a jig .
tr	PAST	And then he yawned .
tr	PAST	Dawn unfolded over the eastern flanks of the Rockies .
tr	PRES	He stands when he sees me .
tr	PRES	" To the brim .
tr	PAST	Once everything was mixed together he served them lunch .
tr	PRES	Lake lays her burger down on her plate and clears her throat .
tr	PRES	The other soldier pushes people back with his rifle .
tr	PAST	His flying slowed as he eased down toward the brigade , flying above them .
tr	PRES	The Director responds , " Just so , approve .
tr	PRES	Vague shreds of glimpses into some of these rooms , which opened their doors to me as a lover opens his arms , beckoning me in .
tr	PRES	Her mane flowed behind her , her eyes blinking with the first hint of red .
tr	PAST	A heavy rain during the night resulted in a partial landslide in the hilly Lonavala , and that delayed the train for two hours .
tr	PAST	Jeffrey cleaned the machines and did the dishes as Kevin counted out the register and got the deposit ready .
tr	PRES	Everybody loves gingerbread cookies . "
tr	PRES	Chapter Fourteen Allie " Allison Daniels ? "
tr	PRES	" The negotiations . "
tr	PRES	" Can mages borrow life force from trees and animals ? "
tr	PRES	Sadie likes the sound of their names too . "
tr	PRES	She stands up and walks to the door , leaning up against the frame as she watches me in the mirror .
tr	PRES	" The night belongs to us .
tr	PRES	" But that explains it , right ? "
tr	PAST	He exhaled and nipped in his beer before he looked at Kara .
tr	PRES	" To the Citadel ? "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	His lip twitches , but he tries to cover it with a smile .
tr	PRES	" You 're hired , Jess .
tr	PRES	When my body won 't crave his touch .
tr	PAST	I perceived , as the shape came nearer ( sight tremendous and abhorred ! )
tr	PRES	His fur shone in the sliver of moonlight , glinting black , then blue , then black again .
tr	PRES	They continued on , Jace speechless in incomprehension .
tr	PRES	His eyes darken as they elevate to me .
tr	PRES	" The whole fuckin ' day . "
tr	PAST	" Has he calculated the probability of such a random event ? "
tr	PAST	" A striptease and a blow job then , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" I think , " I mumbled , " that King never does anything without a reason .
tr	PAST	I froze , assuming his vampire senses noticed something in the water .
tr	PRES	" What kind of pirates ? "
tr	PAST	" I can still use that , " Jimmy grunted .
tr	PAST	" They just sped past !
tr	PRES	She hauled herself up out of her chair and gently hugged her mother .
tr	PAST	Caine rasped , setting Cassie aside as he straightened to face whatever new disaster was about to attack .
tr	PAST	As the punishments continued , Jeff zoned out for a time , lost in his thoughts about his own violent actions from the night before .
tr	PRES	" Why hello there , Ava Grace . "
tr	PAST	" A fortnight , " he urged .
tr	PAST	Kelsey thanked him with a smirk before turning to Haven .
tr	PRES	He gave a guttural cry of victory and dove deep , his balls slapping against her ass .
tr	PAST	He froze all his feelings for Clare Belmont entirely , and withdrew his affection .
tr	PRES	" But not like a dappled impressionist painting , " Colin teased .
tr	PRES	Everyone likes him , until Nik takes embarrassing photos of them , which he likes to do a lot .
tr	PAST	said a bulky man with his arm outstretched blocking the entrance .
tr	PRES	Then they add the necessary touch of sensitivity .
tr	PRES	Tyson whispers in her ear .
tr	PAST	But now the snow-covered mountains to the east announced the end of fall term at Boise State University .
tr	PAST	Once no one ruled here who was not chosen by the Goddess .
tr	PAST	For the next two hours we steered due east , making pretty good time in this sad old boat .
tr	PRES	" You assume we will waste food on a woman who is not one of us ? "
tr	PAST	Norton jabbed his finger at me as he spoke .
tr	PAST	I tugged my drenched body away from the water and back onto shore .
tr	PRES	" Probably wears lifts .
tr	PAST	Most Archers preferred to hunt with their bows , but Liv was convinced that Matt was obsessed with the idea of putting himself closer to danger .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with his clipboard and uneasily fidgeted .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and tucks my hair behind my ear .
tr	PRES	" Or some divine guidance ? "
tr	PAST	A wedge of light snaked through the opening and warmed him .
tr	PAST	But it bothered me that it was somehow coming back on Rimmel .
tr	PRES	" The Director ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged it free and frowned at the gooey mire of brown stuck to the sole .
tr	PAST	We defeated it once , remember ? "
tr	PAST	Usually she preferred museums to private collectors .
tr	PAST	After putting a safe distance between himself and the vulture reporters , Jack palmed his cell phone and dialed his home number .
tr	PRES	" Why change them , if they are going to get dirty anyway , " he justified on more than one occasion .
tr	PAST	She tugged the sleeves of her sweater down over her hands and tucked them into the spaces on either side of her legs .
tr	PRES	Though he doesn 't compare to you . "
tr	PRES	Mrs. Bell reaches the closet first .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the sash at her waist .
tr	PAST	" That depends on what you have planned , " I doubted any good could come from whatever scheme he was devising .
tr	PAST	Startled , but not surprised by his strength , I slapped my hands on his shoulders for balance and wound my legs around his hips .
tr	PAST	Sky 's body disintegrated first and then his core slowly cracked apart , becoming energy that was absorbed by Coyote 's core .
tr	PRES	" Global Health . "
tr	PAST	Score fled the room looking pale .
tr	PRES	But they cycle the tapes , so he 's not sure whether or not it 's been destroyed .
tr	PRES	And she loves Faith and Hope .
tr	PRES	Charlie returns and sets a salt shaker in front of Nina , near the center of the table , as he sits down .
tr	PRES	And your reign proceeds well . "
tr	PRES	My teeth chatter in rhythm .
tr	PAST	" He just cost the company an important customer . "
tr	PRES	After all , weren 't most of them angels at one time ? "
tr	PRES	He learns how to live without storms in his hands although the pain never goes away completely , a sky that never really clears .
tr	PRES	They interact on their own to produce the outcome .
tr	PAST	A bee tickled the back of her neck , but she didn 't move it as it fed on her sweat .
tr	PAST	Despite my insistence to the contrary , Lucas attempted to attack the group , leaving me no choice but to fight .
tr	PAST	I froze as he slowly entered me .
tr	PAST	She scooted the dog off her lap and they headed for the kitchen , but he had the distinct sense something was off .
tr	PRES	Finally the sound stops .
tr	PRES	And keep your clothes on , jaguar . "
tr	PAST	She sneezed again and dabbed the tissue at her watery eyes .
tr	PAST	" Oh , I love your car , " she exclaimed as Jo popped the trunk .
tr	PAST	Turning , she tugged on his sleeve .
tr	PRES	' The sauce ! '
tr	PAST	When he did , he dismissed her and Peter without a word .
tr	PRES	Seeing him helps me remember my parents .
tr	PRES	" How could you ... " He removes his hand from my neck and hits me across the face .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps you should look inside yourself and consider the answer to that one , " Dr. Foxfire countered .
tr	PRES	Softly , he reaches out and cups my cheek .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands to her bosom .
tr	PRES	His face pinches as he stares at them .
tr	PRES	She folds her arms across her chest and stops bouncing .
tr	PRES	If she came we should remember her , she tends to talk a lot . "
tr	PRES	Juliet melts into my arms , arching up into me as if she was made to fit against my body .
tr	PRES	She frowns and squeezes my hand a little harder .
tr	PRES	She glances over to the broken mirror .
tr	PAST	I collapsed , falling to the floor before I could explain .
tr	PRES	No death has ever affected me this much , this deeply , this painfully .
tr	PAST	Declan retreated down the stairs , and a moment later , Adam heard his car pull out of the parking lot .
tr	PAST	George 's normally fluid dancing motion faltered , as though he had erred in his timing .
tr	PAST	" Sure , " David chimed in .
tr	PRES	She mumbled and Leo nodded .
tr	PRES	" Does it scare the little lamb ? "
tr	PRES	The twins stared ahead , gazes opposite , bodies warming one another , together and yet inexorably alone .
tr	PAST	I willed myself to stand still .
tr	PAST	But as she sat there , she dismissed those thoughts .
tr	PAST	Familiar , older feelings washed over him from that time when life was as it was supposed to be .
tr	PAST	" I 'm taking Ms. Godwin home , " Colin announced the minute he had Steve 's attention .
tr	PRES	According to my mother , he also plays a lot of bridge on Caribbean cruises , and she would know , being a bridge Diamond Master herself .
tr	PRES	" What changes ? "
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , Greg uses his HUD to direct the other gunships into an attack formation .
tr	PAST	The warm air rustled her hair , blowing a few strands across her cheek .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Marley ? "
tr	PRES	" Because , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	She finally reached the bottom step , her toes resting over the precipices that disappeared into the depths below and her breath caught in her throat .
tr	PRES	And if they 're not in pain , she loses the building blocks she needs for the bridge .
tr	PRES	" And the package ? "
tr	PRES	" We sell on the basis of quality - that we are second to none .
tr	PRES	He wraps it up , and then he gives me a squeeze .
tr	PAST	He exhaled against my ear , and it sent shivers down my spine .
tr	PRES	Before his body hits the ground , I slap the second bolt in place .
tr	PRES	She lets out a tiny exhalation , as though saying the words has given her relief .
tr	PRES	The rain always falls from the sky .
tr	PAST	Sherry thanked them for their offer , but her job was running the apartments , and she loved the tenants like family .
tr	PRES	It bothers me that somebody seemed to know Wynn would be traveling to Amarillo to visit relatives .
tr	PAST	He eyed her seriously , his words as blunt as always .
tr	PAST	Fifteen minutes later I emerged from the vet 's office , lugging the cage with the cat screaming triumphantly inside .
tr	PAST	Ty tipped the other man and climbed inside .
tr	PAST	She abandoned Grace at birth and never even sent her a birthday card .
tr	PAST	" I want them first , " Colin stated , the warmth in his eyes gone in a flash , they were glittering like shards of ice .
tr	PAST	She charged forward , holding the blade high , and bellowed , without worry over how loudly her words came forth .
tr	PRES	He throws his hands up and my body flies in the air , slamming against the ceiling .
tr	PRES	You a band geek ? "
tr	PRES	Were you identical twins ? "
tr	PAST	I slowed my pace until Robert and Dad were almost out of sight along the forest path ; then I stopped .
tr	PAST	" How about a fang ? "
tr	PRES	Don 't you value your life ? "
tr	PRES	His only hope of rescue lies with Matilda , their hideously deformed and needy daughter , who lurks in the shadows in her bloodied wedding dress .
tr	PRES	I yell at the two of them .
tr	PAST	Hart stripped off his soiled clothing .
tr	PAST	Several main streets crisscrossed the town .
tr	PAST	A furry left ear pricked at his master 's voice .
tr	PAST	Reyes doubted that was what Danika had been thinking , but he remained quiet .
tr	PRES	He glances out the window and then back at me .
tr	PRES	It explains his rumpled look , in any case .
tr	PRES	That explains the dark rings under your eyes . "
tr	PAST	I scoffed , of course .
tr	PAST	Ransom 's smile deepened .
tr	PRES	t anyone ever teach you how to say , ' Thank you kindly , but no ' ? "
tr	PRES	But the sick twisted part of me likes it .
tr	PRES	" An hour later , Gaius returns with your wife .
tr	PAST	He sped over to her , picked her up , and carried her toward the hole in the floor .
tr	PRES	The car peels out .
tr	PAST	He awoke at night exhausted and Lydia came and gave him something sweet tasting to drink that made him sleep throughout the night .
tr	PRES	I smudge the front steps and door before going through the house and into the back garden .
tr	PRES	It brings me such pleasure . "
tr	PAST	Each sprouted a dozen different palms .
tr	PRES	" If I don 't , you could always write a song about it , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" She hates that . "
tr	PAST	On the grass inside the goal mouth , Cory collapsed and fought for breath .
tr	PRES	Letting out a long , drawn out yawn , she flips the covers off her legs and starts to stand up .
tr	PRES	" Wake up , Aid .
tr	PRES	She ruined her own life . "
tr	PAST	And I proved to him that life on Earth could not have originated from molecules .
tr	PRES	Tina changes her hair color more often than she changes her mind .
tr	PAST	Nicholas 's thoughts froze .
tr	PRES	" Because you can 't take insulin , silly . "
tr	PRES	She stands to face me .
tr	PAST	Jesse 's friend stares at me for so long , an unreadable look in his eyes , that I begin to get uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	I exhale then turn , climbing an extreme vertical asset of staircase steps .
tr	PRES	I sneer at the nickname , but still look over at her .
tr	PRES	memories Sighing and shaking his head , he flips the chest over and shoves the lid open to claim his key .
tr	PAST	Around lunchtime he tensed as Dean entered the office .
tr	PAST	He created a little dragon which flew around the ballerina .
tr	PAST	They acted as though it didn 't matter , yet Joanna wondered if , subconsciously , it affected their every reaction .
tr	PRES	" I already told you I don 't even know what it is , " I mutter and he waits for me to divulge more information .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " he whispers , still holding my cheeks .
tr	PAST	She dared not believe it even now .
tr	PAST	To her astonishment , Skyler 's steady gaze wavered .
tr	PAST	He untied the string that held it together , then shook out the blanket .
tr	PRES	He lies down on the bed with me and I bury my face into his chest .
tr	PAST	" Everyone 's here , " Cesar Aguilar announced .
tr	PRES	" Out on the town tonight , Officer McCormick ? "
tr	PRES	Before I can make another denial , he taps the back of his head .
tr	PRES	What brings you out so early ? "
tr	PRES	" No big tree , or road , or mile marker .
tr	PAST	The unfolding process sped up .
tr	PRES	Dervish tries to follow but gets tangled up with another demon .
tr	PRES	Did anyone threaten you while you were on the force ? "
tr	PAST	When he touched her arm , she flung herself away from him .
tr	PAST	We proceeded down the track , Alcide backing slowly and carefully .
tr	PAST	I awoke from my peaceful sleep to see Sophia 's face inches from mine while and I screamed in fright .
tr	PRES	" A secret staircase leading to a secret underground tunnel ! "
tr	PRES	I snap my fingers .
tr	PRES	I hates constant work .
tr	PRES	I don 't want to hurt you , " she teased .
tr	PAST	The man she adored exited her life as suddenly as he entered .
tr	PAST	When the flashlight stopped moving suddenly , Bay tensed .
tr	PAST	Shay regarded her friend with a dangerous frown .
tr	PAST	He rummaged among some cardboard file folders on the desk .
tr	PRES	" I , I 'm doing things , Em .
tr	PAST	This could be serious so don 't take it lightly , " the nurse advised me as she finished up bandaging .
tr	PAST	" This place is incredible , " uttered Pierce as he continued to absorb the space .
tr	PRES	" It wasn 't meant as one , " she mutters .
tr	PAST	Edward unzipped the sleeping bag in a swift , abrupt movement .
tr	PAST	Alan Parsons blanched , and looked decidedly uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	' It 's a stallion , ' Paris explains .
tr	PAST	That eliminated all of the possible options .
tr	PAST	So he opted to wait and take his case to Juliette later when they were alone .
tr	PAST	He shuffled backward until his heels were on the edge of the hole .
tr	PRES	" Well , kiddos , that concludes our party tour .
tr	PRES	Wes digs through his bag before adjusting the ridiculously huge assault weapon strapped to his chest .
tr	PRES	" These waves affect our vision by vibrating our eyeballs .
tr	PAST	Bonnie sniffed , and tears formed around the rims of her eyes .
tr	PRES	She likes dogs . "
tr	PRES	Lila plays dumb , shielding herself by stepping behind me .
tr	PRES	" Those remains turned out to be a dog . "
tr	PRES	" A swing . "
tr	PAST	I received the prescription instructions at the office pharmacy , but grief blurred my consciousness .
tr	PRES	He stops a moment when I walk in , but immediately turns back to the task at hand without even a word .
tr	PAST	Redgrave cocked his head .
tr	PAST	" It is fitting , " he approved finally .
tr	PRES	Marshall glides over to me .
tr	PAST	He sped off to catch up with the other cars in front of us , still laughing as he did .
tr	PRES	' No , you idiot .
tr	PRES	" Hell , no , not with the antibiotics and codeine cough syrup .
tr	PRES	Something snaps and the wall comes off in his hand .
tr	PRES	Alec stands up holding me cradled to his chest .
tr	PAST	She giggled at his reaction .
tr	PAST	He begged the light to come back and said that he liked talking to it .
tr	PAST	" Say it again , " urged Mikey .
tr	PAST	Humans invented electricity and plumbing .
tr	PAST	His mother 's eyes twinkled , and her lid drooped as if on cue .
tr	PAST	" An officer commissioned it and then changed his mind so I never finished gilding it .
tr	PRES	* * * " Of course I 'm sure , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	I sensed that strongly , and it made me smile .
tr	PAST	As we drew apart , though , I sensed a reluctance in him .
tr	PAST	It bounced off his wide , masculine upper body and whizzed off .
tr	PAST	The can sloshed with liquid in his hand .
tr	PRES	Not with Pete 's hand on her shoulder , the rumble of his voice nearby .
tr	PAST	" Officially they chalked it up to an interrupted burglary , but as I recall there were a lot of rumors going around .
tr	PRES	" It changes everything , Katie . "
tr	PRES	It falls a foot short .
tr	PAST	" I destroyed all their lives .
tr	PRES	Eris mumbled something unintelligible .
tr	PRES	She snorts a laugh .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me with doubt .
tr	PAST	The way her face lit up and her inability to meet his eye proved she was as turned on as he .
tr	PAST	Just trying to get organized .
tr	PRES	After that , Lexie approaches with wide eyes .
tr	PAST	" This is not going to happen , " he announced , slamming the papers down on an end table .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're going to end up just like this poor , useless window , Paige !
tr	PAST	Abbott motioned me through an archway to the kitchen , where the wallpaper had daisies and the appliances hadn 't been updated since the ' 50s .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , not believing what he had just witnessed , from a kid with no legs .
tr	PRES	Four hours later , she returns , and in the darkness she slowly , methodically hauls the treasure into her apartment and hides it under her bed .
tr	PAST	" A hand eh , don 't you mean a foot ? "
tr	PAST	Gabriel inhaled deeply again , and one of his hands flexed an inch , but his eyes did not open .
tr	PRES	Jason sighs , relieved .
tr	PRES	That begs the obvious issue of why .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PAST	The hurt on his face vanished , replaced by disbelief .
tr	PRES	" You never will , I vow . "
tr	PRES	" Especially since you were at the falls .
tr	PAST	Miranda dove back into her pint of ice cream .
tr	PRES	" Come back during lunch , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She reciprocated , allowing herself one moment of weakness before biting his bottom lip , hoping she would draw blood .
tr	PAST	His voice deepened and his need to protect gave his tone a new quality .
tr	PRES	Jeanine holds my head steady with one hand and inserts the needle into my neck with the other .
tr	PRES	And he never talks .
tr	PAST	He winged a prayer of thanks that she was alive to receive it .
tr	PRES	Taylor wove her way past Andrew and the twins and went to perch on the arm of their father 's chair .
tr	PAST	" What sorts of experts for example ? "
tr	PRES	" God , he has such a vendetta against me , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	The guy is upstairs , he sees Gregory park , what can he do ?
tr	PRES	He slides the diamond back on my finger and kisses me .
tr	PAST	Panic churned my guts .
tr	PRES	Its skin folds glimmer in a halo of red light .
tr	PAST	I froze , trying not to make a sound as he pushed me toward the passenger side of my car .
tr	PRES	A few galleries later , Elijah gazes again at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	He flicked his second finger .
tr	PAST	Reggie must have sensed something was wrong because he turned and looked back at the boy .
tr	PRES	Soeren chuckles gently , taking down two white ring binders from the book case close to him .
tr	PAST	The legged machine collapsed and burned .
tr	PRES	This really pisses me off .
tr	PAST	Cleon 's face blanched .
tr	PAST	Burke stated that the only thing necessary for evil to triumph was for good men to do nothing .
tr	PRES	" I don 't recall anything after you left , Jess .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	An intricate pattern of petals and leaves , the stems twisted and twined to curl across the top to create a snarled bouquet .
tr	PRES	" See , for each day , I add a mark along the edge of my gun case . "
tr	PRES	That explains why I 've been out in front of your shop for the last ten minutes , waiting for you to open . "
tr	PAST	Moving closer , she clasped her hands behind his neck .
tr	PAST	Len never revealed he had companions outside school .
tr	PAST	Both girls now wept loudly and uncontrollably .
tr	PAST	From her back , to one side , to the other , finally back to her original position , she writhed and moaned .
tr	PAST	I cringed , and he kept going .
tr	PRES	* * * Later that evening , the class returns to the hotel and gathers in the lobby foyer .
tr	PAST	He stuffed them in the toaster and turned it on .
tr	PAST	" Knock it off , Ana .
tr	PAST	The warmth of his touch lingered .
tr	PAST	The room suddenly quieted down and Pierce turned around to see that the doors had opened and Dr. Cleaver had entered , flanked by two footmen .
tr	PRES	" To either proposition .
tr	PAST	Everything in Adriane froze as he stared at his trusted adviser .
tr	PRES	Turns out that even Einstein couldn 't solve Einstein 's equations .
tr	PAST	In a few seconds , she hopped off the wall to the street .
tr	PRES	" My voice affects the fork .
tr	PAST	" We attended a small gathering at the home of one of our professors , whose daughter was an undergrad , living at home .
tr	PRES	It plays a huge role in the structure of neurons , especially at synapses .
tr	PAST	He just floated , warm , spent , happy .
tr	PAST	Apollo unfolded his arms and strolled up to me .
tr	PAST	" I might be out numbered , but you are outmatched , " claimed the hooded man .
tr	PAST	My scales rustled as my body tried to keep warm and the lower temperature affected my metabolism .
tr	PRES	Eric returned with a stack of newspaper , matches to light the fire , the makings for s 'm ores , and a patio chair cushion .
tr	PAST	" You cannot have all the men , Hollis , " Seiler intruded .
tr	PRES	' The gloves , ' I blurt out instead , a little more desperately than I intended .
tr	PRES	My sisters disapprove , they say I should find a mate among our own kind , a mountain man .
tr	PRES	It explains that the wreckage offers warmth and shade .
tr	PRES	An infant swing situated next to the sofa .
tr	PRES	Lean into me , ' she sings slowly , looking right in my direction as if she can see me through the window .
tr	PAST	A deep frown pierced his striking face .
tr	PAST	Then she topped off the salad with olives and set it on the table .
tr	PRES	Slipping her arms into the matching silk robe , she padded barefoot toward the sound of the voice she could hear .
tr	PAST	Pull up on it , " he instructed and Jack pulled up on the ring in the floorboard of the vehicle .
tr	PAST	He flung himself into a chair .
tr	PRES	Therefore , he deserves the complete support of his country .
tr	PRES	Magazine holds eight rounds .
tr	PRES	Those creepy dreams arrive about every two months or so . "
tr	PRES	" The oppression of the few brings salvation to the many ? "
tr	PRES	They practice the move several times , until she starts to forget about her life drama and the anxiety she experiences about taking the self-defense class .
tr	PAST	The robbers scrambled to stay on their feet , the stock tipped and tumbled , rolling across the floor .
tr	PAST	He circled the house , clockwise .
tr	PRES	" Of course he would , " the friend whispers back .
tr	PAST	He crawled into bed at the proper time , expecting to fall into a well-earned sleep .
tr	PRES	" Playing with time changes everything .
tr	PRES	It only partially helps .
tr	PRES	She murmurs as she runs her hands over my arms and chest .
tr	PRES	Jenkins offers me his hand .
tr	PAST	She reduced the light from the bedside lamps , and the constellations in the drapes and bedspread began to glow .
tr	PRES	I spy an outlet , but wait until I can at least ask her to use it .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I recall .
tr	PRES	" Oh god . "
tr	PRES	He tries to lift one arm to block out the painful light , but he can 't move his hand .
tr	PAST	She doubted Max had ever read her work or was even aware that Nolan had been referring to her in some of his columns .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the scent of him .
tr	PAST	And he thanked Providence for bringing him safely to this haven , and this new start .
tr	PAST	" It isn 't much of a threat , " scoffed one man .
tr	PAST	Belinda 's hazel eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	Somewhere in the building , footsteps echo .
tr	PRES	Faint , distorted by echo , but definitely a voice .
tr	PAST	Squeezing her eyes shut , she toyed with the idea of ignoring him , but she exhaled loudly and faced him .
tr	PRES	It draws all eyes , paints us crimson .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she muttered , contrite .
tr	PRES	Two grueling back to back surgeries and several sutured wounds wipe me out .
tr	PRES	Prewitt chuckles then I view my gloves .
tr	PRES	Victims compare it to getting shot , and the pain can last for up to twenty-four hours . "
tr	PRES	" It still floats .
tr	PRES	A nervous silence falls over the car as we pull through the gates and onto the driveway .
tr	PAST	The van slowed , and stopped .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on his chest , panting , drenched in the effort .
tr	PAST	His power engulfed her , a mysterious pulsing energy unlike anything she had experienced before .
tr	PAST	" A little outdated , though . "
tr	PAST	She puzzled and intrigued him .
tr	PAST	He plopped onto her bent legs , pretending that he was little enough to still be held in her arms .
tr	PAST	He inched closer to the edge of the water , and felt Victoria 's hands close around his shoulders , holding him steady and safe .
tr	PRES	" So it is an elevator , " he mumbled while shaking his head in disbelief .
tr	PRES	" Evan said he only needed an hour , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Within minutes , he had her , Alex and Eleni onboard his helicopter .
tr	PRES	Alex hauled in a long breath .
tr	PRES	" A necklace . "
tr	PRES	She totally freaked me out .
tr	PRES	Right now , though , nothing mattered except getting Jacques to safety .
tr	PAST	The image of them kissing bounced around inside her head looking for a place to land , but found none .
tr	PRES	" Because of what you did , " she announces .
tr	PAST	Once I got inside , I unzipped my knapsack and pulled out the gun .
tr	PRES	His voice was grim , his touch possessive .
tr	PAST	The place crawled with military men in black special ops outfits straddling automatic weapons .
tr	PAST	Francois the shadowy figure who seemed to be the leader of this group emerged from the tree .
tr	PAST	Reyes described the Hunters he had seen at the club , then described the women .
tr	PRES	" Such a prude , " Rhona teased .
tr	PRES	The color red flashes on and off in my sight , frightening me .
tr	PAST	Kimber brightened , skeletons long forgotten , and got up and rushed from the room to grab her fancy water .
tr	PRES	" Like your car , " he redirected to Mat .
tr	PRES	How many assistant coaches ?
tr	PAST	Again , Belinda experienced the uncomfortable feeling that there was a subtext to his words that she didn 't wholly understand .
tr	PAST	Eric flicked his fingers over the nape of his neck .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked back and forth between Jude and Uncle Joe , finding no other resemblance than gender .
tr	PRES	She pushes the door shut slowly before shifting over to the stove , turning this knob and that as if testing it .
tr	PRES	The doctor mistook my silence for uncertainty .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Mama . '
tr	PRES	I march up behind him .
tr	PRES	Damien glances back and forth quickly .
tr	PAST	Taylor emerged from the office with a grumpy look on his face and headed down the hall into the common room without saying a word .
tr	PRES	After what seemed like forever , Willow finally dozed off ... Willow shivered , the feel of spindly foliage scratching at her legs and arms .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	" Maybe we should slow down , " she whispers , blinking .
tr	PAST	The Warlord Princes retreated to the gate .
tr	PAST	His face reflected growing amusement .
tr	PAST	I plopped whatever food was in front of me and trotted back over to the table .
tr	PAST	" Started twitching . "
tr	PRES	Just then the front door opens , flooding the porch with light and startling us .
tr	PAST	She bitches , " What am I , bait ? "
tr	PRES	What he said freaked her out .
tr	PRES	' So , ' he removes his hands from his pockets .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands , shoving one against my mouth to keep the loud cries from spilling out .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I operated on you .
tr	PAST	I feared I might have aggravated ... that I caused you unnecessary ... " He scrubbed a hand over his face .
tr	PAST	Fallon eyed the bottle .
tr	PAST	Instinctively he clutched the post tighter , fearing he would lose his balance , but the pressure caused the moving section of sidewalk to speed up .
tr	PRES	Through the first inhale , he murmurs , " The engine has seized .
tr	PRES	She wraps my hand with a bandage .
tr	PRES	He reaches around me for a spatula and I get that electric shock and my breath catches .
tr	PRES	That pays you back for not giving me the phone the other night when Maureen rang asking for me .
tr	PRES	Adam pushes me to the ground just as a bullet flies past my head .
tr	PRES	" Did they say - " A shriek rips the air , like a siren of death .
tr	PAST	The teenage girls who 'd volunteered to help with the kids looked shocked , standing off to the side , mute with wide eyes .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to kiss my mother 's hand , lingering over her maimed finger .
tr	PAST	He saluted both of us and left by the front door .
tr	PAST	She eyed Izzy and finally said , " Your mother . "
tr	PRES	Where she belongs . "
tr	PRES	She throws the car keys back at me , scowling .
tr	PAST	' You 're not surprised to see me , ' he stated flatly .
tr	PRES	" is a mystical tablet . "
tr	PRES	Cassie tries moving away but Helga leaps and wraps her arms around her daughter .
tr	PAST	As promised , Morgan protected them from the enchantment .
tr	PAST	She eyed Malcolm , waiting for some kind of response .
tr	PAST	She hopped off the table , straightening her costume , ever the professional .
tr	PAST	Then , she slapped a hand on her thigh , remembering , " Single . "
tr	PAST	His head tilted , the lightning reflected in the silver sheen of his eyes .
tr	PAST	Though as he quickened his step toward the two struggling men , he really doubted he 'd need the gun .
tr	PRES	" Jonathan , it 's good to see you sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	He motioned the gun towards the backdoor .
tr	PAST	" He abandoned my mother when she was with child . "
tr	PAST	She provided him with the requested information and took the letter , informing him that she would deliver it to the post office later that day .
tr	PAST	" And you doubted me ... " His eyes paused on my mouth , and I instantly became very self-conscious of eating in front of him .
tr	PRES	His multicolored scales glisten in the sunlight , lighting up the rock and the water that surrounds it like a rainbow .
tr	PAST	" Not a good replacement for a man , though . "
tr	PAST	" You stole Colette 's daughter ? "
tr	PRES	He draws in a shallow breath .
tr	PRES	She offers the yellow pill .
tr	PAST	She lied to me .
tr	PRES	Her frown flips up into a smile .
tr	PRES	Hot tears stung my eyes again and I blinked rapidly to stop them from overflowing down to my cheeks .
tr	PAST	She absorbed his heat , felt her cells waking up , responding to him .
tr	PAST	Nick grunted as a full female figure pressed flush against every muscle , intent only on finding evidence of foul play .
tr	PAST	" I made sure , " I mumbled , hoping that this was nothing serious .
tr	PRES	She stops by when Watson isn 't there so she can make sure he hasn 't messed anything up . "
tr	PAST	We collapsed like shattered husks about the room .
tr	PAST	" I was an only child , " she revealed .
tr	PAST	" Traditional knock , " puzzled Scarlett , " what kind of a knock ? "
tr	PRES	His voice booms across the house creating an unnatural echo .
tr	PRES	Wailing sirens assault my ears , both distant and approaching .
tr	PRES	I fan myself , but it 's no use .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the keys before slipping the right one in the ignition .
tr	PAST	She fisted her fingers in his hair and tugged .
tr	PRES	It fits snugly , like a long-lost possession , something that has always been a part of my body .
tr	PRES	Sweats on the closet shelf , T-shirts in the top dresser drawer . "
tr	PRES	" A wonderful girl deserves wonderful things said about her xox . "
tr	PAST	His body was relaxed , his head resting against the natural headrest on the stone pool .
tr	PRES	" Unless of course you want to drive your car and learn firsthand the curse associated with those runes . "
tr	PAST	The annual ritual commenced with an afternoon meal catered by a firm with whom Jed senior had a long-standing contract .
tr	PRES	An idea pops to mind .
tr	PRES	Someone fetch me a broom .
tr	PAST	Got a medal for it . "
tr	PRES	Courtney stops in front of a tall , blonde guy .
tr	PRES	And , Vince - " He lost the cell signal .
tr	PAST	" Got the same urgent grasp of reality as a cardboard cut-out .
tr	PAST	I thought I was asleep for one night , " I exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Clay Tucker plays for the winning team .
tr	PAST	" Leave me alone , " Cassie rasped .
tr	PAST	I dumped his gear in the bed of my truck and cleared a space on the front seat .
tr	PAST	The kids giggled without reservation .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I urge Star .
tr	PAST	She too probably blamed her for the accident , like the rest of the town had .
tr	PRES	Looking up , he sees red glowing eyes about five feet away in the shadows of the tree branches .
tr	PRES	The stars shine brightly above us and I 've never seen a more romantic setting than this one .
tr	PRES	What he said was , ' She likes me . " '
tr	PAST	The whirling of the world dissolved and a singular glow emerged from the blackness of space .
tr	PAST	He pinched his fingers over the bridge of his nose as if smoothing away the ache .
tr	PAST	Willow exclaimed and jumped out of the bed away from Declan , who was laughing hysterically at her .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , turning to rush back the way I came .
tr	PAST	The brothers grunted and wailed like they were painfully constipated .
tr	PRES	' James Bond ? '
tr	PRES	But all of that is in the past ; Charlotte belongs here with me now . "
tr	PAST	They swirled across the surface before sticking in a rut .
tr	PRES	His footsteps echo loudly as he runs down the steps .
tr	PRES	" I strongly doubt that " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her lids as she sank into the chair .
tr	PAST	He doubted anyone else on board had one of the keys issued to the disabled , but the line of glue was an extra precaution .
tr	PRES	I assume he 'll tell everyone else . "
tr	PAST	She pitched her voice so it was no more than a whisper of air in the kid 's ear .
tr	PRES	" Ruby and I belong together .
tr	PRES	Hailey 's shrill voice causes Kai to jump back .
tr	PRES	" And power tends to corrupt .
tr	PAST	Alana roamed from one room to the next , vaguely aware of what she was doing .
tr	PRES	But I warn you now ; I can 't protect you if you don 't come in with me .
tr	PRES	" This may not be pretty , " Ashe mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Howard 's attorney , unbeknownst to Mr. Howard until now , is a shapeshifter , " Matt Michaels stifled a grin .
tr	PRES	" I was , " fake yawn , " about to go to sleep trying to follow you , there detective . "
tr	PAST	Ms. Coburn dismissed him with an elegant wave of her hand .
tr	PRES	I wipe the side of my mouth and sit up .
tr	PRES	I gape at my hands , wide-eyed in disbelief .
tr	PRES	His mouth touched her forehead , her eyelids .
tr	PRES	" Well , more beer than ladies , but ya know . "
tr	PAST	God , he felt hollowed out inside .
tr	PAST	" President Carter to Make Labor Day Appearance at Treasure Island , " the headline stated .
tr	PAST	The Red Book " Come with me ! "
tr	PRES	At last , he sighs .
tr	PAST	This patio replaced the wooden one washed away by the hurricanes .
tr	PRES	' Oh you a big man now , eh ? '
tr	PAST	Roy doubted it was Harry who 'd mailed him those two postcards .
tr	PRES	" But the punishment for my crimes of omission stops here , Nicole . "
tr	PRES	Shelton tries to take Adam , to calm him .
tr	PAST	However , neither of the skinny women appealed to him .
tr	PRES	" That one trusts no one . "
tr	PAST	Finder 's hands glowed and wolves appeared in them .
tr	PAST	Molly gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	Marshall destroys the piece completely , in every good way .
tr	PRES	A few pieces of food , some water , and simple first aid supplies .
tr	PAST	Seth flicked an invisible piece of lint off his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" What about Patsy ?
tr	PRES	He stops right in front of me , gently holds up my hand and starts rolling the ridiculous sleeves .
tr	PAST	Tilting my head up , I capture one nipple with my lips and suck , earning a gasp for my efforts .
tr	PAST	One of the men , the one with the bushy mustache , bore wounds across his face where Ashe had hit him .
tr	PAST	Nicolas withdrew slightly and looked to Maya who nodded .
tr	PRES	Well , not intentionally anyway . '
tr	PAST	I announced , sucking in a gulp of air as I rounded the corner .
tr	PAST	Listened for the whisper of clothing as Charlie 's arm extended .
tr	PAST	She flicked the reins with casual ease , and the huge brute of an animal moved toward the lopsided gate .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Jessie .
tr	PRES	He dreaded the dinner conversation .
tr	PAST	I marveled at the view .
tr	PAST	Uncle Philippe motioned to his two men still standing by the doors and the two bodyguards left the room and closed the doors behind them .
tr	PAST	His eyes strayed from her face , turning watery .
tr	PAST	" He never remarried ? "
tr	PAST	Her auburn hair looked faded , her face pinched .
tr	PAST	The pain in her expression bothered me .
tr	PAST	He feared to break her , to mar her in some unrecoverable way .
tr	PAST	Time zones just kind of faked it .
tr	PRES	Such a shame . "
tr	PRES	Turns out she lied . "
tr	PRES	The entrance to the cave was as big as a grand hall , sloping steeply downwards a short distance after the entrance .
tr	PRES	I observe him in detail , everything about him .
tr	PRES	A broadband transmission channel opens .
tr	PAST	Are you lost , or has your boat quit on you ? "
tr	PRES	I snuck a look at that towel and saw his cock had as much interest in me as his mouth and brain did in talking to me .
tr	PRES	He draws a leather bound notebook out of his back pocket and makes a couple of notes in it .
tr	PRES	It lays unmoving as Damien stares .
tr	PRES	" The one and only sweetie , and you are the new love of my life ? "
tr	PRES	" What about the bounty ? "
tr	PAST	Jason adjusted the last spearhead onto the line of his Tasker .
tr	PRES	" You can 't stop me , " I retort .
tr	PAST	She tensed her legs , let go of Stefan 's hand , and jumped .
tr	PAST	Smoke and dust emerged from the air , clouding our vision , but with the pale hand still extended , I could clearly see Mary .
tr	PAST	Lightning zipped through the sky as he continued to drag me across the island .
tr	PAST	His gaze bore into hers , beseeching her to give into his will .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Jones ? "
tr	PRES	Seeing them sit down , a waitress brings over menus , walking slowly , her skirt swaying , looking around at each table as she passes it .
tr	PAST	" But it was my fault , it was my fault , " he sobbed and I walked over to him and hugged him .
tr	PRES	Just try not to owe him any favors you can 't repay . "
tr	PRES	The smile that ended when it reached her eyes and made them shine .
tr	PAST	" Don 't stay up there too long , " Winkler 's voice floated up from the ground .
tr	PAST	Deacon tipped his head back , grinning up at me .
tr	PRES	Momentarily confused , she immediately ceases her graceful actions , utilizing more instinctual mannerisms to search for her father .
tr	PAST	The measurements matched perfectly .
tr	PRES	Sanctuary is his home , my inner voice bellows .
tr	PAST	I cringed , ready for the aftermath .
tr	PRES	" Starting from scratch , but with a brother and child and history . "
tr	PAST	He cups my face in his hands , and gives me a quick kiss .
tr	PRES	Tables were overturned , stalls broken , windows shattered .
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss her lips .
tr	PRES	I know you won 't , ' she murmurs , nuzzling against me .
tr	PRES	whose father you slew in Moria .
tr	PRES	A human male rises up suddenly , mumbling something .
tr	PRES	The elders mumbled amongst themselves .
tr	PAST	Once Mother Superior lectured her students about fornication .
tr	PAST	Shock jolted through me , cold as ice water , and I found out just how fast I could really run .
tr	PRES	Buddy chuckles again at the last remark and nods , agreeing to run the samples .
tr	PAST	Of course he blamed her , even though it wasn 't her fault .
tr	PAST	Tristan eyed the thick liquid , smelled it , stuck a finger into it and licked it off to taste it .
tr	PAST	Ricki slowed the boat to a stop , and I bounced into Stefan 's arm .
tr	PAST	I scooted my chair away from his .
tr	PAST	The lead deputy announced when he got close .
tr	PAST	It smashed into the bedroom door , punching a gaping hole in it .
tr	PRES	" Good choice , Finny , " Willow teased him and patted him on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	In fact , his ruthlessness likely originated from his never instigating the pursuit .
tr	PRES	It still holds several of the citrus trees of the original grove and a single oak tree near the shore .
tr	PRES	" By the blackjack tables .
tr	PAST	Then he pondered out loud , " Buster you seem to be different from the others .
tr	PAST	But you ditched my men and we lost you again . "
tr	PAST	The whiskey in Zane 's glass sloshed .
tr	PRES	" Anna , you belong no more to me or any Saxon !
tr	PAST	He pondered about what to do next .
tr	PAST	The sting of it blossoms against my flesh and sends stars bursting across my vision .
tr	PAST	I pretended offense at his surprise .
tr	PAST	The moonlight reflected off her glasses and her eyes were wide behind the lenses .
tr	PAST	She flicked her tongue over his , then backed out of his arms .
tr	PAST	Most of the time Little Quail acted very grown up .
tr	PRES	On the sidewalk , he reclaimed her hand .
tr	PRES	Titus destroys the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem .
tr	PRES	No record remains of anyone deceased in Sodom , as you know .
tr	PRES	But it falls to the ground and I grunt with frustration .
tr	PRES	Knowing how to get even with them , he teased , " Have you chosen their husbands yet , dad ? "
tr	PAST	All the passengers thanked the Gods for the respite .
tr	PAST	A possessive feeling unfolded inside me and an urgent need clawed its way to the surface .
tr	PAST	He cleaned the pistols and put them in a satchel .
tr	PAST	All carriers , launch your fighters . "
tr	PRES	Mom glances behind her again , but there are people everywhere .
tr	PAST	Alaric identified them : " The planes directly above are local aircraft .
tr	PAST	But his face brightened and cracked , like a sun through dark clouds .
tr	PAST	Her eyes relayed her fear -- she was sure she was going to die .
tr	PRES	" Maybe she deserves some romance , too , Calderon .
tr	PAST	" They created war . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe we can split up , " Carson offers .
tr	PRES	" So the store and the people increase the enjoyment ? "
tr	PRES	This frightens her , terrifies her .
tr	PRES	She stops and stands in front of me , holding my shoulders in her hands and staring firmly at me , " Am I clear ? "
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Gabe whispers .
tr	PAST	" You trusted me .
tr	PRES	" Well um ... I ... know not to get on the wrong side of any of you . "
tr	PAST	He nuzzled beneath her jaw and licked the skin along her neck .
tr	PAST	But as she came over , a car coming the other direction sped directly for her .
tr	PAST	The women to my left squealed happily , and began embracing one another , probably thrilled they 'd finally been admitted to the House .
tr	PAST	As darkness fell , watching eyes reflected the campfires light .
tr	PRES	The truth that threatens to slice me down the middle .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you 're right about that , " Reuben mumbled .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , cuddling her .
tr	PRES	Without warning , Flynn throws out his arm , jolting me from my thoughts and stopping me in my tracks .
tr	PRES	The GTO begins to slant sideways as Benny turns it .
tr	PRES	But the sea lies waiting to scuttle us all . "
tr	PRES	" God 's teeth , but you 're beautiful , lass .
tr	PRES	The mood changes subtly as the days work now ends .
tr	PAST	Carolyn 's hand clasped her arm .
tr	PAST	Otto scoffed at his words .
tr	PAST	I willed myself to move up to his bare neck , browned by the sun .
tr	PRES	" Romeo Charlie Charlie , please repeat for Fever two zero . "
tr	PAST	Feingold and Charney appealed .
tr	PAST	A low , keening noise emerged from Jax 's throat .
tr	PRES	she squeaks , and her eyebrows nearly disappear into her hairline .
tr	PAST	I estimated I had been in the labyrinth devoid of my senses for more than two days .
tr	PRES	" I 've never trusted Will , " Elliott mutters as he follows me into the main cabin .
tr	PRES	According to them , the name originated from a young man whose last name was " Ong . "
tr	PAST	He flicked open the knife .
tr	PAST	Prometheus 10,000 exploded into a bloom of sparks and smoke .
tr	PRES	What a triumph to share my twisted self with a woman who loves my darkness and light ?
tr	PAST	Now pointing in the right direction he sped off toward where the light originated from .
tr	PRES	Two doormen were there , their assessing gazes sweeping over him as he walked inside .
tr	PAST	The exclusive home cost over a hundred grand a year and was the reason Samantha needed the income that Blake Harrison would bring .
tr	PRES	He glances at me , eyes a mosaic of emotions and I hold his gaze .
tr	PAST	The thought triggered another smile .
tr	PAST	Crystal rummaged through her purse and pulled out a pick to hand to her .
tr	PAST	' Pulling a barrow of newspapers around the neighbourhood , blowing a whistle for people to come out and buy .
tr	PRES	Your family hates me .
tr	PAST	She inched her glasses up with a prissy sniff .
tr	PRES	As I walk toward the front door , I swipe the letter off the bar that was addressed to Charlie .
tr	PAST	He revealed his cell and smiled .
tr	PAST	Lea exhaled sharply , exasperated .
tr	PAST	She proceeded with the hair removal process .
tr	PAST	Noelle eyed the shelves lining one wall .
tr	PRES	Whatever helps you sleep at night . "
tr	PAST	Steve unfolded the paper .
tr	PRES	Gregori 's silver eyes dwelt on her slender figure .
tr	PRES	It comforted me a little .
tr	PRES	Nora strokes my face , letting her fingers slide down my cheek , until her fingertip presses into the cleft on my chin .
tr	PAST	She announced to her husband , " You know Curt and Eileen 's daughter , Alexi ? "
tr	PRES	She climbs to her feet , and starts heading toward me .
tr	PAST	" We fled , and I ran back like a coward because I was afraid of the new world .
tr	PRES	' That if we go to trial they might call you up on stand , ' he explains .
tr	PAST	Sonia tensed in Callum 's arms .
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly on the golden green fields and red soil of Prince Edward Island as Allan strode along .
tr	PAST	" You 're going to the school 's science lab , " he stated .
tr	PAST	Its tires squealed as it spun to chase us .
tr	PRES	" What about Mrs. Mason ? "
tr	PRES	His dark eyes shone as he held it up .
tr	PRES	" It 's nice to know you can actually think , Jess .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Fiona mumbled at the floor .
tr	PAST	Never comfortable being the center of attention , he nevertheless attempted to explain himself further as al eyes turned to him .
tr	PAST	Roth 's voice tugged me back to reality .
tr	PRES	I wince internally at her words .
tr	PRES	She produces a black velvet choker sprayed with smoky grey rhinestones .
tr	PRES	Numbers of potential house viewers , zero .
tr	PAST	I scoffed in annoyance at Raziel and looked forward .
tr	PRES	" Go , " she growled , her voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" Remember the deal , boys , " I warn with a raised brow .
tr	PAST	Surveying the road up ahead , Elijah pondered whether to continue on , or hide out until nightfall .
tr	PAST	Pausing in her hunt , she glanced down curiously , her eyes widening as her husband charged past on Lightning .
tr	PRES	She loves them all .
tr	PAST	Allie adjusted the strap of her purse .
tr	PAST	The wind rustled in the trees .
tr	PRES	Sleep with me . "
tr	PAST	I speculated , like Sherlock Holmes .
tr	PAST	I readied myself for an hour of kissing that would light up the rock bridge like an exploding star .
tr	PAST	She cheered and whistled when Taft did something right and yelled when the team missed a play .
tr	PRES	Or if you prefer , a powerful Sorceress of Enchantment .
tr	PAST	The taste she craved so desperately exploded against her tongue and burst through her mouth .
tr	PRES	He loves your beautiful face and your young body and your father 's company . "
tr	PAST	A body of a young woman lied on the stone floor of a dark chamber .
tr	PRES	Relax , Skyla , Marshall frowns disapprovingly .
tr	PRES	Only if she liked all of a band 's demo songs sufficiently would she checkout their live show .
tr	PAST	I matched his intent look .
tr	PAST	The sight triggered a cold reality to roll in , brought on by mental denial finally collapsing .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arm around my shoulder and pulls me to her .
tr	PAST	I hopped out of the cockpit and followed Grayson across the strip of white sunlight , into the shadowy hangar .
tr	PAST	" Most of us have been here for a few years , " stated Ashley feeling sympathetic towards Jayden 's obvious panic .
tr	PRES	I bow my head as she kneels over me .
tr	PAST	Again , she motioned to the files .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket and removes a box .
tr	PRES	Amelia loves Vegas and she cleaned up last night at the black jack table .
tr	PAST	But those stitches on Levi 's arm created a horrific picture of what had occurred .
tr	PRES	He sighs and I can 't tell if it 's because I 'm so incapable of physical affection or for another reason .
tr	PAST	Every eye in the Lodge bore expectantly into him .
tr	PRES	I never - " " Lies ! "
tr	PAST	His blue eyes flicked uneasily over Simon .
tr	PAST	Passing by the first hall , he meandered through overlooking adults .
tr	PAST	Moving as fast as he could , Sam tugged at his arm tirelessly , dragging him to speeds that were unobtainable on his own .
tr	PRES	In a partial wall a brick fireplace stands alone , charred and abandoned .
tr	PAST	" Mom , please , " Courtney chimed in .
tr	PRES	" One day at a time , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	I crawled the small space between us and slid my arms and legs around his back .
tr	PRES	Aggie just carries two suitcases right past her , ignoring her condescending tone .
tr	PRES	Raking up all these pine needles .
tr	PAST	Damien grunted , sucked in two quick , ragged breaths and withdrew his hand , at the same time removing hers from his throbbing erection .
tr	PRES	He flicks off the safety ; the sound sends a shudder through me .
tr	PAST	he exploded , grabbing the back of my thermal and tugging it up .
tr	PAST	Eyebrows drawn together , I unfolded it and blinked rapidly when I realized what it was .
tr	PRES	I only touch you as your teacher , " he sings softly , but powerfully in that tenor that could melt igloos .
tr	PAST	The mutated cells in my body bounced around as if they were trying to claw their way through my skin .
tr	PAST	The pin wavered at 45 .
tr	PAST	" I don 't have a - " Tara froze in panic .
tr	PRES	" Good transition ? "
tr	PRES	The rest of the world fades out and it 's just me and Knox .
tr	PRES	She changes her name on all documents , including her passport , to Marcella Wilson .
tr	PAST	The screens , unlike the paper , revealed a very interesting scene .
tr	PRES	I smack my hand against my head .
tr	PRES	" Officer McCormick . "
tr	PAST	Liz 's heart sped up ... could this be related to her question for Brady ?
tr	PAST	Jace 's heartbeat sped up ; Alec had found something .
tr	PRES	I lean back farther .
tr	PAST	" They destroyed cities and population everywhere except near the mining sites .
tr	PRES	He uses a glamour to look old enough to be my dad .
tr	PAST	Ben collected a coat and a piece of chicken before following Matthew outside to the rain-soaked rear of the house .
tr	PRES	Long lashes surround chocolate brown eyes .
tr	PRES	Adam finally returns , looking back and forth between us .
tr	PRES	Pondering how he will even look for a way out , the boy suddenly remembers the hidden architecture of the Shadow Temple .
tr	PRES	He points to my tortoise shell , sitting by itself against the wall .
tr	PAST	She sensed , too , that the farmhouse 's water pipes were dry , as water was no longer being pumped through them .
tr	PAST	Jacques extended his hand to Raven with old-world gallantry .
tr	PAST	Lady Aquitaine flicked her finger in a gesture of negation .
tr	PAST	Sophia slowed her pace , and I followed suit .
tr	PAST	The image of Sutton 's bed , covered in rose petals , floated back to her , and she shuddered .
tr	PRES	As I whirl , the teenage warrior falls to the ground , clutching his chest , blood pouring out around his fingers .
tr	PAST	You invite yourself into his home , pretending to offer a home-cooked meal !
tr	PAST	Alexander absorbed all the images on his screen of the FRN planes turning grey , which meant they had been annihilated by the enemy .
tr	PRES	And so you differ from everyone else in one fundamental respect .
tr	PRES	I fold my hands up over the lip of the railing .
tr	PRES	Extant copies of this text exist in both Hebrew and Latin today but only as historical curiosities .
tr	PAST	Wind gusts swirled a stray baggie and some paper wrappers through the air .
tr	PAST	The horse cocked his head and asked , " you shall Go ? "
tr	PAST	Being a terrible liar I opted to shrug my shoulders unconvincingly , then shuffle from the room and proceed desperately to the downstairs phone .
tr	PAST	" Looks like he wants to be as far away from you as possible , " Aiden mirrored my observation .
tr	PAST	She slowed even more , now hardly able to see the road .
tr	PRES	Suddenly he bursts into gales of laughter .
tr	PRES	Seeing the no in my eyes before I can utter it , he tries a new tact .
tr	PRES	" Andy ... the paranormal chick we threw out a couple of days ago ? "
tr	PAST	' To think I trusted him with my stepdaughter . '
tr	PAST	Ethan circled the Mercedes around the drive and pulled into a small parking area beside the house .
tr	PAST	He related to Triton every detail of what had happened .
tr	PAST	The old man chimed in quickly .
tr	PRES	On screen , Five 's character launches a grenade .
tr	PRES	Rock 's baseball bat .
tr	PRES	Play the field , sample the riches available , then settle down .
tr	PRES	Sleep overcoming her , she finished on a whispered sigh , " My puppy always brings you to me . "
tr	PRES	Marius , women the world over wash the fruits of their wombs down public drains .
tr	PAST	He eyed the clock .
tr	PAST	Her father cocked his head .
tr	PRES	He pushes the majority of his torso out of the water , crossing his arms and staring Murphy down .
tr	PRES	He whispers it low , with a look of sincerity .
tr	PRES	" And now that Callie 's seen it , " Courtney begins , " can we go ? "
tr	PRES	She stands taller and her eyes dart away .
tr	PAST	I shrieked in excitement .
tr	PRES	He sees a group of people coming out of the airport looking for a ride .
tr	PAST	" You named her after me ! "
tr	PRES	And everyone loves a mystery . "
tr	PRES	" Please ... spare my passengers ... let them go to the escape pods ... please , " Richard begs .
tr	PAST	Now he clasped her hands .
tr	PRES	She hauled herself up on her elbows and surveyed herself .
tr	PAST	She trod the line between expectation and her own temperament .
tr	PRES	I lean between the seats and try to get a glimpse at how bad it is .
tr	PAST	And Clay doubted the chief would risk meeting Irene at the guesthouse on his property in town .
tr	PAST	" You dreamed of this ? "
tr	PAST	But then I calculated the wages I 'd made when I worked at Armstrong Travel .
tr	PAST	Su touches my face , when I growl .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's large masculinity rendered the slender Englishmen pale and ineffectual , as though a bear had wandered into a gathering of docile deer .
tr	PAST	They have never roamed unchallenged in our history as they do now . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed amber , her hair whipped away from her face , and the candelabra flames danced wildly .
tr	PAST	In its mouth was Thor 's missing sheep : screaming , hanging upside down , half of its body pierced by fangs .
tr	PRES	" This whole teenage drama is making me itch , " he murmurs , scratching behind his ear .
tr	PAST	Gavin and his brother exclaimed simultaneously .
tr	PAST	As they searched for seats , hisses and whispers snaked throughout the bus .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PRES	He holds a gun at his side .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the cuff .
tr	PRES	" It really bothers you , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	He then reaches his hand through the new opening and grabs the handle he finds inside , yanking it forward .
tr	PAST	I ambled down the stairs and walked to the door .
tr	PRES	' What causes them ? '
tr	PAST	The car 's headlights flicked on automatically as soon as it was out of the bright sunlight .
tr	PRES	Her lips part and she lets out the most malicious cackle , hacking up a Black Widow coated in her saliva .
tr	PAST	His son-in-law slapped Hunter on the back .
tr	PRES	I settle for sitting forward , my elbows on my knees .
tr	PRES	He throws down a card , a five .
tr	PRES	The thought of it brings a slight curve to my lips .
tr	PRES	" I 'm keeping a close eye on the time , " he snaps , irritated at being questioned .
tr	PAST	" And beg like a man , " she advised , giggling .
tr	PRES	" Good , ' cuz I 'm not coming back again , so we 'd best be getting this gallbladder out today . "
tr	PAST	She lingered there , in the back of his mind , like a puzzle left unsolved .
tr	PAST	The water from the lake reflected like glass , and although fall had bowed to winter , this water had not frozen .
tr	PAST	Rusty signalled the waiter for another round of drinks .
tr	PRES	She glances at me from the corner of her eye .
tr	PRES	' Hello , Doctor Cooper and how are ... ' ' I see you 're taking this as one big joke . '
tr	PAST	" Take me , Melinda , " he urged through gritted teeth .
tr	PAST	I plunged beneath the surface , making my way to the waterfall .
tr	PAST	Paul just stated that according to the monitors , there were only ever three people in the chamber .
tr	PRES	I cal ed again , just as he emerged from the kitchen , wiping his hands on his pants .
tr	PAST	They never treated me like a child , really , and so when I got around other children I didn 't know what to do .
tr	PAST	Winston proceeded toward the glass doors with as much confidence as he could muster .
tr	PAST	The mirror also reflected the queen-size bed her parents had once shared .
tr	PRES	" I 've never seen so much blood in my life , " Gabe whispers .
tr	PAST	" You can be as noisy as you want , too , " her husband joked , taking the bottle out of her hands .
tr	PRES	Slowly withdrawing from Jonathan , I lean my head on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	I lean over and pick them up .
tr	PRES	David looks at me in surprise , his expression soon changes to exasperation .
tr	PRES	He shudders and I know it is because of the unimaginable horrors that he was forced to participate in when he did not have control over himself .
tr	PAST	I trusted the beauty of a voice and I was deceived .
tr	PAST	My gun glowed with a white and golden color as all the energy in my heart transferred towards the body of the small gun .
tr	PAST	a familiar voice screeched .
tr	PRES	She fills the tub and decides that she would take a long bath while waiting .
tr	PRES	Those times he falls back on their shared memories .
tr	PRES	" Oh , stop it , T. " She blushes , slapping me across the shoulder but clearly flattered by my comment .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , romantic , " Gia mumbled under her breath .
tr	PAST	Her gaze perked up immediately , and Ronan felt Kari " s eyes like twin coals burning his back .
tr	PAST	Guys , I don 't believe I caught the reason for the ambush you staged today ? "
tr	PRES	" No , but it freaked him out to know you saw him without his arm . "
tr	PRES	After a minute or two , Stefan pul ed Damon off of her - not gently .
tr	PRES	I rip my shoulders from his grip and spin around in time to see a light smile lace his lips .
tr	PAST	In the next hour they visited six villages and arrived at Morpeth , another market town .
tr	PRES	she snorts with disgust .
tr	PAST	Spoken like a true woman scorned .
tr	PAST	Her laugh cheered him .
tr	PAST	Yeah , okay , so she volunteered there , but she had made it a point to come to his room every day and cheer him up .
tr	PAST	Twyla squinted into the sunlight .
tr	PAST	Everyone piled out of the car .
tr	PAST	Hugh extended a hand and she was on her feet again .
tr	PRES	Right now , " Winkler hauled out his cell phone .
tr	PRES	The animal 's eyes shone like silver .
tr	PAST	Dank 's jaw tensed and he turned to glare in Jay 's direction .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , I just pretended not to hear . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled and wiped the tears away , overwhelmed with relief .
tr	PAST	Glen trudged out to the car for the sleeping bags .
tr	PRES	At first , she mistook his words , wondering if she had enough blood left in her body to blush .
tr	PRES	" I assume he has told you I needed to be escorted out of town last time I was here . "
tr	PRES	His mind drifts more in the past than it does the present .
tr	PAST	Instead , he vomited his entire being out through that gaping mouth , completely turning himself inside out .
tr	PAST	He even described catching the seven little kits who had given up their tails for the cloak 's grand collar .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to say something , but there 's a knock at the door .
tr	PRES	" I can 't help it , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	He fills it with water and sets it on the stove , clicking the burner to life .
tr	PRES	Human , so not much of a threat to him , but Ronan received the message clearly : piss off .
tr	PAST	She stifled a sob , then shook herself and snapped into action .
tr	PAST	Rage tricked her into thinking she might still change something .
tr	PAST	Their attachment deepened through the long walks of endless summer days , and she spoke to him with excitement in her voice .
tr	PAST	Lisa matched the decor in a handsome St. John platinum dress with a drawstring waist .
tr	PRES	His name tastes toxic in my mouth .
tr	PAST	But the small pain lessened some of my panic .
tr	PAST	" Okay , describe her to me , " Adam urged .
tr	PRES	" Damn , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" They 're all right , " Jenna reassured her .
tr	PAST	He helped her sit up , then severed all contact , no doubt not wanting to continue it a second beyond necessary .
tr	PAST	I elbowed Jared slightly in the waist and whispered to him .
tr	PRES	" I 'll show you play more , you hobbit !
tr	PAST	I inched the door open a crack not peering in .
tr	PRES	He likes a lot of girls . "
tr	PAST	She cringed the moment the question left her lips , but she felt an unusual sense of urgency .
tr	PAST	As we drew near , the horses slowed to a trot and then to a walk as the knights separated into a battle formation .
tr	PAST	" You handled this so much better than I would have .
tr	PRES	Sawyer freezes and listens as well .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here , Katra ? "
tr	PAST	Danny readied himself to let Calvin argue the toss but mike said , ' Good , you 're set up .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , then got up and rummaged in the cupboard until she found a small container .
tr	PRES	But sometimes shrinks need shrinks . "
tr	PRES	The breeze carries the pleasant reek of beer in plastic cups .
tr	PAST	He balled his hands hard .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth cocked her head , a movement uncannily like the crow perched nearby .
tr	PRES	But you then discover that , for some reason , the product just never shaves as well as the tester .
tr	PAST	Sharp spikes of pain lanced through my chest and I felt my heart breaking for him .
tr	PRES	Blake holds his arms out to the toolbox .
tr	PRES	It slowly creeps in , enveloping the world around us , fencing us in as if to prevent escape .
tr	PAST	I thanked the heavens that I saw no such thing .
tr	PAST	a crewman announced as so many others looked on .
tr	PAST	Trees rustled outside of the hospital window and blended with the sound of turning pages as Lucia settled in with a book .
tr	PAST	Preston doubted there would be any helicopters or other aircraft , though .
tr	PAST	We barreled up behind a slower moving pickup truck and my uncle swung us into the opposite lane in the nick of time to pass it .
tr	PRES	And we weed them out , one by one .
tr	PRES	Her breath ragged as it mingled with his while they kissed .
tr	PRES	Of how a bear could take different shapes to punish a boy who did not live as he should .
tr	PRES	" She feed y ' all well ? "
tr	PAST	" If he wrecks our computer ... " " You noticed ... so you may as well watch , " taunted Bickel 's voice .
tr	PAST	With perfect control he tipped the bow down .
tr	PRES	" You saving up for college ? "
tr	PAST	He squinted toward her car .
tr	PRES	She stops still and stares at me .
tr	PAST	Josephine 's eyes twinkled with mirth .
tr	PAST	The magic swirled around me .
tr	PAST	This time the blue engulfed Thomas ' whole body , the entire hallway danced in brilliant blue light .
tr	PAST	The soldiers and cavalrymen cheered for Eben .
tr	PRES	" That bastard deserves to be fired . "
tr	PAST	Mary Jo 's heart leaped .
tr	PAST	They washed over the empty alter , but left a large space open in front of the stone god .
tr	PRES	It seeps in through the opened door and cloaks Logan in mystery .
tr	PRES	Will lets out a laugh and gives me a quick smile , revealing the dimple I haven 't seen in weeks .
tr	PAST	The drum and ney ceased .
tr	PRES	Her father 's image filters through her mind in a series of precious memories .
tr	PRES	Sam explains what 's happened so far .
tr	PRES	I lean into the crook of his elbow , but when I look up again , I see it .
tr	PAST	Robert inquired , ever the gentleman .
tr	PAST	He unleashed fire into the smoky hallway hoping it 'd take me out along with his remaining men -- just the casualties of war .
tr	PAST	My hand fisted my phone tightly .
tr	PAST	' I received a call to my house on Saturday .
tr	PAST	I committed the visiting hours schedule to memory years ago .
tr	PRES	He tries to meet my eyes and can 't .
tr	PAST	Phoebe motioned to the cresting sun and said something to the men .
tr	PRES	" To ourselves . "
tr	PRES	Yet litres of blood only enraged the survivors .
tr	PAST	For the next two weeks , Echo accompanied her father and Dorian into the different villages and the surrounding areas .
tr	PAST	Please let someone be in the car , I prayed .
tr	PAST	Pia announced to the ceiling even though Gloria was off to her left .
tr	PRES	Her hands skated up and down his back , her nails lightly scoring his flesh .
tr	PAST	" We like Sofia , " Madeline piped up .
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto my bed and closed my eyes .
tr	PRES	From there , we proceed to fashion tips and other crucial trivia that will allegedly make the difference between success and failure .
tr	PRES	" She likes drinking company . "
tr	PAST	Inside , she inhaled the scent of fresh paint , undoubtedly soon to be replaced with a more exotic aroma .
tr	PAST	and she giggled again , escalating the beauty that donned her face .
tr	PRES	The boy stands fiercely looking up at the man almost twice his height .
tr	PAST	He marveled at that miracle for only a moment before the next clinging glide of skin on skin removed all thoughts from his mind .
tr	PRES	" All kinds ? "
tr	PRES	" Did King Taranis himself say that the Ravens were forced into centuries of celibacy ? "
tr	PAST	" Your profession never bothered me . "
tr	PAST	She extended both wrists , holding them upward in supplication .
tr	PAST	Finn yawned and stretched in the chair as he came awake .
tr	PRES	With a stubborn shake of my head , I mutter , " Not a chance . "
tr	PRES	He sighs and pulls me up , just enough to lift my head .
tr	PRES	Justin loves you so much .
tr	PAST	I exhaled angrily as I folded my arms over chest .
tr	PAST	His smooth , thick tip dipped in , then suddenly withdrew .
tr	PAST	The particles glowed intensely then were seemingly absorbed into the turtle shell .
tr	PAST	Maya lay propped up on pillows .
tr	PAST	The king grunted and left the room .
tr	PRES	" What about supplies ? "
tr	PAST	The crowds lessened as he traveled further away from the main room .
tr	PAST	But for every advancing step taken by any of the females , the males countered while others moved this way and that behind them ready to spring .
tr	PRES	" Get down , you idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" Breathe , James , " I plead .
tr	PAST	Lee wrung his hands and looked around some more before turning back to me .
tr	PAST	Seeing he was cornered , he panicked and produced an automatic pistol .
tr	PRES	" A premonition ? "
tr	PAST	Her voice wavered as she continued , " I 'm sorry , Father .
tr	PRES	She sees us , but doesn 't sense the tension right away , " Hey guys .
tr	PRES	Those who haven 't found tables to sit at settle on the sand to watch as the benefit organizers light the bonfire .
tr	PRES	The big red Valentine 's Day envelope .
tr	PAST	Isaac cocked his head .
tr	PAST	" That 's bullshit , " he scoffed .
tr	PAST	I stomped closer , inches from his face .
tr	PRES	Goldman 's idea actually applies to every field of human knowledge .
tr	PRES	" At every given moment it belongs to that same time .
tr	PRES	" Al right , al right .
tr	PRES	Trystan 's heart slams into his chest , thumping harder and faster .
tr	PAST	He created you because He longed for fellowship .
tr	PRES	She sighs , then strides towards the hut where the howl came from .
tr	PAST	It merely shadowed the raindrops racing down the glass above it .
tr	PRES	" Fucking Seattle . "
tr	PAST	It resulted in the only known time in their lives that the twins fought -- after the test one tore into the other .
tr	PRES	Mike and my father exchange glances , laughing .
tr	PAST	" You 've been up and down in the lift four times , " William stated , obviously waiting for an explanation .
tr	PRES	She wears an oversized tee shirt and pajama shorts , so I know her plans .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her fingernails as if they had her answers .
tr	PRES	As soon as Marshall heads back inside , Logan pushes Pierce into a darkened alcove .
tr	PAST	" Not mine , " the vampire denied , his pale face oddly stripped of its previous arrogance .
tr	PAST	Terri 's plea screeched into the wintry air , but too late to reach Spike 's ears .
tr	PAST	During the final day of that week , Luna 's confidence had wavered .
tr	PAST	As the spell swept over the monsters , they slowed considerably , eventually collapsing to the ground as their bodies were completely encased in ice .
tr	PRES	" Bullshit on top of bullshit , " snorts Nine .
tr	PAST	Sal eyed him suspiciously , fearing he was drunk , but he smiled and stood behind Sara and listened to the conversation .
tr	PRES	" Oh , no ... " " Five of them have a sword painted over their heads .
tr	PAST	Thorn stiffened , her fingers curling around the dagger hidden beneath her jacket .
tr	PAST	But anything ruled by the heart alone -- you can 't . "
tr	PRES	My mouth snaps shut .
tr	PRES	Graceful , powerful , formidable .
tr	PRES	Genealogy belongs to the rich in human history .
tr	PRES	She stands abruptly and moves away from the fire .
tr	PRES	Then I rip open her jeans , pull them over her hips , and toss them to the ground behind me .
tr	PRES	" If the shoe fits , partner . "
tr	PAST	Guests received a $ 100 casino chip with their name and date engraved .
tr	PAST	Joe cleaned the place and made ready to leave .
tr	PRES	She works to get her good hand between us , then attempts to shove me back .
tr	PRES	Fear begins to rise in my throat .
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hand .
tr	PRES	" You belong here at Shadow Falls .
tr	PAST	Although they looked more like humanoid crustaceans than anything else .
tr	PRES	It returns from the plaza at one thirty . "
tr	PRES	Sean doesn 't respond , he just stands there with his hands clasped in front of him , waiting for the doors to open .
tr	PAST	Morris absolutely trusted you , and you stole from him .
tr	PAST	They also bore weapons but Cassie knew it would be Anne that came for her , if that was even her real name .
tr	PAST	I feared losing myself .
tr	PAST	' Yes , ' Louisa conceded , smiling gratefully at Agnes , ' she abandoned me most cruelly . '
tr	PRES	Chapter Twenty-two The destruction fades away and I 'm running in an open field .
tr	PAST	Jackson crouched down into his starting posture while gazing up and pointing to God in exactly the same way Husain Bolt did at the Olympics .
tr	PAST	His gaze caressed her scantily clad form and caused Willow to blush prettily for him .
tr	PAST	Without warning her world shrank away alarmingly , her stomach rolling in protest .
tr	PAST	Her teeth gritted even tighter .
tr	PRES	" How much farther to her fortress ? "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as I tried hard not to lose myself to the pain .
tr	PAST	Eve tugged Alec toward the door before the situation grew any more explosive .
tr	PRES	A big silly grin rises on my lips .
tr	PAST	I plunged my teeth into Jagger 's arm as hard as I could and dug my nails into his bony hand .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , hoping not to sound too disappointed that she wasn 't Jeff .
tr	PRES	" Don 't be ridiculous , Esme .
tr	PAST	" I anticipated the need to hide myself .
tr	PRES	" She was more than fragile , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	Her sex convulsed , sucking him deeper inside her hot wetness .
tr	PRES	Besides being an author , she holds a degree in criminology .
tr	PAST	Using the techniques of meditation , she willed herself to an outer and inner stillness .
tr	PRES	What a lesson your little girl will learn as she watches STD Barbie writhe in pain and then lapse into a coma .
tr	PRES	That weapon carries the spirits of the previous owners .
tr	PRES	" Not this Colt .
tr	PRES	" You missed , you jackass . "
tr	PRES	I lean over the table , holding my hand out to give her the bracelet .
tr	PRES	A lone wolf padded around the altar dragging a severed leg .
tr	PRES	' And the losses ... OK !
tr	PAST	" Himself is writing a letter , " the old prostitute announced grandly as if throwing crumbs to the starving masses .
tr	PRES	Uncle strokes his bald patch and continues .
tr	PAST	The ringing of his phone jolted him .
tr	PAST	" I ... " He eyed the watch , still keeping a respectable distance from it .
tr	PRES	The way he taunted my sanity made me want to throat punch him .
tr	PRES	The van door slides open with a loud metallic scrape and we 're drowned in afternoon sunlight .
tr	PRES	But my mother refuses to eat in the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Conscious of the time , he skipped forwards to question seven with the intention of going back to six later .
tr	PAST	A narrow thread of guilt snaked its way through her .
tr	PRES	He releases my arms and brings one of his hands to my face .
tr	PAST	His fingers threaded in her hair and he massaged her scalp .
tr	PAST	So she trusted because he didn 't have reason to lie .
tr	PAST	Again , the caseworker defended the abandonment accusation against Kathy because the sitter was willing .
tr	PAST	The revelation of Coleman 's death awoke his mind and set his paranoia into overdrive .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , fuck , fuck ... " The orgasm hit her so hard , her body jerked and she fell forward .
tr	PRES	" The stone passes from daughter to daughter to ensure the bloodline . "
tr	PAST	He scoffed at my angry silence .
tr	PRES	He uses a proper swear word .
tr	PAST	So the being pricked her ears .
tr	PAST	A white foot smacked the ceiling .
tr	PRES	Gramps ' knowing gray eyes settle on me .
tr	PRES	He slides the blade out and holds it up in her view and licks her blood clean from the blade .
tr	PRES	And make it sexy . "
tr	PAST	He slowed and pulled further right to allow the car to pass .
tr	PAST	We hike across the campus yard , heading toward the unknown , but I guess that 's okay for now .
tr	PRES	" It was his , " I mumbled to myself .
tr	PRES	She slides a little closer to me , so her shoulder covers Marcus 's name too .
tr	PRES	Andy swears , and my parents push out the door but block each other in the process .
tr	PRES	I shout as my legs go straight in the air .
tr	PAST	" Ah , so this is it , " scoffed Reginald , " You consider yourself a mediator , do you ? "
tr	PRES	He worked quickly , his face expressionless .
tr	PRES	" What timing ? "
tr	PRES	Marie slides down the wall and sits next to me on the floor .
tr	PAST	They would want to kidnap her , but killing is counterproductive , " she stated , referring to herself in third person .
tr	PAST	Looking uncomfortable with her line of questioning , David hedged .
tr	PAST	Lido slapped a hand on Santini 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	he mutters , a smug grin on his face .
tr	PRES	The glowing white atmosphere fades slowly as Link 's fuzzy vision takes a moment to adjust .
tr	PAST	I clutched his hand to reinforce my message , and then I pulled him down the hallway , through the door of my bedroom .
tr	PRES	With very deliberate movements , he reaches forward and winds his long fingers around my ankles .
tr	PAST	I exhaled loudly , caught between a laugh and a sigh .
tr	PRES	Everyone suffers at least one bad betrayal in their lifetime .
tr	PRES	" Family recipe , " she announces , as if that finalizes the deal .
tr	PRES	" I failed to bring my own cape , " Serena explains .
tr	PRES	And yours , too , Mrs. Stockton .
tr	PAST	Kennan steadied me with his strong hands .
tr	PAST	Instead , he pinched her nose , covered her mouth with his , and breathed out hard .
tr	PAST	The wood at her back vibrated with a loud banging .
tr	PAST	Matthew tugged at his tie , too aware of Ashley a few inches away , close enough she could overhear .
tr	PRES	He releases June and my spear and drops to his knees , shrieking .
tr	PRES	" I shouldn 't have come , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	As they neared the front entrance , Alec inhaled deeply .
tr	PRES	" I think I could have some very real feelings for you , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	I squat scooting up a handful of brown soil .
tr	PRES	" Come and get me , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Sloane tipped her head to the side and whispered in his ear .
tr	PAST	She giggled and then trailed her hand over his abdomen and up to his chest .
tr	PAST	The American prophet predicted famine and pestilence over the three dissenting nations .
tr	PAST	The seam on Markman 's suit zipped upward and latched .
tr	PRES	" Your cellphone , " I announce , slapping his shoulder .
tr	PAST	He tensed further when she at last positioned herself between his legs .
tr	PAST	Her heart urged her on .
tr	PRES	Brushing away her tear , she clears her throat .
tr	PAST	I watch as he leans back on the couch , his face relaxed , his eyes hooded by half closed lids .
tr	PRES	Pain even unto the smallest part of your being . "
tr	PRES	Besides Jack and I approve all hires in the Boston area . "
tr	PAST	I 'm going to have to insist that you see the relationship counselor , a wonderful lady named Ann Goldman , once a week .
tr	PAST	" It looks like someone trashed this room , Nikki .
tr	PAST	His father announced that he had another engagement and quickly extracted himself .
tr	PRES	Kenji stops walking so abruptly I nearly fall over .
tr	PAST	The applause pierced her eardrums .
tr	PRES	No offense , " I add , glancing at Starbucks .
tr	PRES	We arrive early at the outdoor post office where we 've agreed to meet Quickly , and take in the passersby .
tr	PRES	An elderly woman wears a lavender faded party dress down to her ankles with low heels .
tr	PAST	Albert slowed to fifteen miles per hour .
tr	PAST	" Fuck ' em , " Cera scoffed and leaned back in her chair .
tr	PRES	" I know what the Black Market is , " I hiss from between clenched teeth .
tr	PAST	Sandeep intervened , " I will show mine ; you go and do what you need to . "
tr	PRES	He loves me . "
tr	PRES	" She likes to kiss me . "
tr	PRES	" Well , you assume that I do not believe you to be who you say you are .
tr	PAST	Over the loudspeaker , Grayson calmly announced his approach .
tr	PRES	Political correctness reaches Cedar Lake on a sunny September morning .
tr	PRES	The room fills with the sound of her laughter .
tr	PAST	She collapsed to the floor , her chest heaving .
tr	PRES	I paste on a mask .
tr	PAST	I stifled a groan as I looked down at her .
tr	PAST	A week after their one month anniversary , Miles announced that he had to return to New York .
tr	PAST	The sidekick shattered ribs - driving some partially out the shapeshifter 's back .
tr	PRES	" Because my sisters and I agree that we won 't stand for you harassing these men once they arrive .
tr	PAST	I barely noticed any of this , though , my attention riveted on the group of alluring onlookers surrounding me .
tr	PAST	Jaxon treated her distress as she would any other discomfort she might experience in the midst of a mission .
tr	PRES	Ice monsters and an ancient , beautiful evil await .
tr	PAST	So Mark caved and gave the Capone 's everything they needed to run the List ... or so they thought . "
tr	PRES	I whipped your butt . "
tr	PRES	The three passed out of the kitchen , voices fading .
tr	PAST	I doubted even Hercules could have completed such an impossible task .
tr	PAST	The nurse engaged the break , stepped and intended on lifting Kara into the car .
tr	PRES	He likes to keep himself aloof .
tr	PRES	Nowhere else but Austin could they ( or would they ) all fit together ... interact like there are no differences between them .
tr	PRES	It plays hell with the drinking in the bar on Saturday evenings .
tr	PRES	" Well , happy birthday then , " I shout back , and he smiles again at me .
tr	PAST	Dread exploded all over my body as Gabe slowly rose from the couch , walked over to the large flatscreen , and grabbed the remote .
tr	PAST	" This is your room , " she stated nervously .
tr	PRES	" She hates me , doesn 't she ? "
tr	PAST	He smashed one snowman into another and then chunked off the head of a third .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	But enjoying her work Linda soon produced her share more easily .
tr	PAST	It resulted in me getting Peyton back , which turned out that it had been the only thing I ever really needed .
tr	PRES	He hears what I say sometimes ... sort of . "
tr	PRES	The lizard beamed , " I know as little about my own abilities as you know of yours , but we shall soon learn what we must .
tr	PAST	He 'd showered her with gifts , attention , and anything else her heart desired .
tr	PRES	Like ' Melody ' without the 'M . ' "
tr	PAST	Dr. Salter 's eyes bore into mine .
tr	PRES	He returns the bow , nods at the rest of us , then makes his way to the boat .
tr	PAST	Fearing for my existence , my parents fled and took me into hiding .
tr	PAST	She floated on clouds , swept away from the cave .
tr	PRES	I dreaded to behold this monster , but I feared still more that Henrietta should see her .
tr	PRES	Some archangel you are .
tr	PAST	the duchess queried , her voice muffled by the thick veil .
tr	PAST	By some innate instinct he navigated to the center of town and found himself in the town square .
tr	PAST	Even as she said it , Alexia experienced once more that glorious sense of profound relief .
tr	PAST	She collected vintage clothes and vintage hats . "
tr	PRES	Disbelief washes over me , but her words are enough to make me stop .
tr	PRES	" I wish I knew , Tammie , " he holds her hand firmly .
tr	PAST	She stole glances about , fingers twitching , desperately wanting to snatch something and stuff it into her pocket .
tr	PAST	Luminescent green from the instruments lent an eerie glow .
tr	PRES	" A funeral sleigh holds a dead body . "
tr	PAST	His warm breath tickled my ear .
tr	PRES	" Blackmail , we assume .
tr	PRES	The voices echo off of the walls as I get closer and closer to the top of the staircase .
tr	PRES	Then , the two suns of the Amazon binary system shone through the storm .
tr	PAST	The Pope pondered Ezio 's point and relaxed slightly , sitting down again .
tr	PAST	Dorian 's soft voice reassured her , " Do not be afraid ; it is only in your mind .
tr	PAST	his words sobbed and he fell into a deep dark world of slumber .
tr	PAST	The disappointment of waiting for a man who never came swirled and meshed with suspicion .
tr	PAST	Ignoring Dad 's presence , Mom stares forward and laughs .
tr	PRES	" You do remember me , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , trying to move my head to look out the window , but the curtains were closed .
tr	PRES	" Figures , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	She stops crying completely as she walks towards her room .
tr	PRES	" You wield surprising power for one so young .
tr	PAST	Tutu 's ears perked up .
tr	PAST	He clutched the plastic so hard it creaked in his grip .
tr	PAST	Simple problem solved . "
tr	PAST	But the moment T.J. wrapped his arms around me in baggage claim , I immediately compared the way he held me with the way Trenton had .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to marvel at the man 's library , taking note of some of the rare first edition books he had in stock .
tr	PRES	Warner flinches before finding his composure .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER ONE The Winter Court The Iron King stood before me , magnificent in his beauty , silver hair whipping about like an unruly waterfall .
tr	PAST	Evan eyed me wryly .
tr	PAST	Sullivan regarded me with his usual amiable smile .
tr	PRES	" Your mother talks in detail about her surgeries over shrimp cocktail , and your father will only talk about what absolutely does not matter at all .
tr	PRES	Blood spills out as my bones threaten to crack .
tr	PRES	Sorry , " I add when I realise that I just cursed in front of an angel .
tr	PRES	My mom touches the screen stealthily , and his voices enters the room .
tr	PAST	" NO , " Nick shrieked .
tr	PAST	He slapped her again , then went back to work using his tongue .
tr	PAST	And then it crumpled to the ground .
tr	PRES	" I survived , " I mutter , pulling her face up towards mine .
tr	PRES	If it comes to the edge of something , it kind of fills it in . '
tr	PAST	I stole an entire truck of it .
tr	PAST	I designed the building . "
tr	PRES	" My brother Rafe , too .
tr	PRES	Haymitch points his marker at me .
tr	PRES	The clock ticks to the half hour .
tr	PAST	Andy cocked his head .
tr	PAST	Her perennial frown of concentration had lightened , and she lay peaceful , unaware -- the tepid core of a raging flame .
tr	PAST	The silent intensity lessened to suspicious listening .
tr	PAST	He then extended a hand in much the same manner that his friend had .
tr	PRES	She returns things before anyone notices if something happens -- which doesn 't happen often , but it does happen .
tr	PRES	" So , destroying your brain and internal organs with alcohol , releases your creative ability ? "
tr	PRES	A bright blue light shone from behind a rock near the cave wall , its faint glow barely visible except through the cracks in the imperfect seal .
tr	PRES	" Shall I fetch you a dagger to use as well ? "
tr	PRES	His jaw snaps shut as his head is thrown back .
tr	PAST	An edgy rumble vibrated in his chest .
tr	PRES	Serena hisses at Liam .
tr	PRES	Chapter 2 Bryce I don 't like hospitals .
tr	PAST	Joel steered Renzo out of the area , back to the lieutenant 's office .
tr	PRES	As the door itself starts to open , Holly accidentally snorts .
tr	PAST	The car bounced hard a few times on the rough , steeply graded shoulder before he got it stopped .
tr	PRES	Jack uses his super serious voice , like when he discovered who I really am .
tr	PRES	" My parents would kill me if I had voted for the Republicans , " the male student mumbled .
tr	PRES	" But what about the investigation ? "
tr	PAST	I propped her up against the house and told her I was going to get her help .
tr	PRES	And I reek of cherry Coke . "
tr	PRES	Stepping forward , he offers Storm his arm .
tr	PAST	' Southbound , ' uttered Grey .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his shirt a little and grabbed my hand , placed it against his heart .
tr	PAST	His muffled voice rumbled low in the night air .
tr	PAST	Complex calculations race through his mind while he adjusts his flight vector .
tr	PRES	But it explains so much .
tr	PRES	It peeled away like the skin of a fruit , Tessa 's nails scraping against the metal beneath with a harshness that sent shivers up her spine .
tr	PRES	So , Feminism reaches Disney ?
tr	PAST	" Well , no , not right now I 'm not , " Leah chimed in .
tr	PAST	Sara exclaimed , letting go her grip on the door .
tr	PAST	They ranged from as deep and tragic hymns joyful overflowing of love and passion .
tr	PRES	" Dad never opens on Sundays .
tr	PAST	At first , other Muslims doubted his commitment when they saw him .
tr	PRES	" Just a precaution . "
tr	PAST	The words triggered other memories of all the things that I 'd seen and done over the past few days .
tr	PRES	Lake 's lip curled upward , her incisors gleaming in the scant light of the cave .
tr	PAST	From Bernard I received a beret and a paint by number kit .
tr	PAST	Apparently intent on guaranteeing that fact , he flicked a finger , and the towel fell to the ground , heaping at his feet .
tr	PRES	Like a meteor Hephaestus lands between the fox and the boar causing them to jump backwards in fear .
tr	PRES	Will you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	" Because I was seriously debating the bed pinning . "
tr	PRES	Stick slams his fist into his palm .
tr	PRES	Nice going , Brooklyn , totally insult the guy .
tr	PRES	I confess this to T. , though I ought to know better .
tr	PAST	Seth eyed the front of the building and saw a steel gate followed by a ramp that lead to an aluminum garage door .
tr	PAST	I received a lot of sighs throughout the course of a day .
tr	PRES	" Just being with you is dangerous , you idiot .
tr	PRES	" Got ta wash the toilet water off my arm ! "
tr	PAST	Connor 's senses heightened .
tr	PAST	In the darkness that surrounded her , she feared even a curious glance would be dangerous .
tr	PAST	I enquired about the female interpreter I saw them with on occasion and found out she was based at the University , about a five-minute drive away .
tr	PRES	Okay , that explains that piece we heard about . "
tr	PAST	I stripped out of my clothes and left them piled on the bathroom floor .
tr	PRES	" That wishes and perceives . "
tr	PAST	" Of course " We hopped in .
tr	PAST	Darn it , I never designed the Proteus for this . "
tr	PAST	He waddled to the back of the van , leaned out , and spoke to one of the uniformed officers .
tr	PAST	He dialed numbers , and then held the receiver to his ear .
tr	PAST	And , in any case , I trusted that most of the humans would not wish us harm any more .
tr	PRES	My chunk ... " " One of the first plague symptoms is loss of sexual capability , " Star said .
tr	PRES	" Not much , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Sunlight painted rainbows in the spray and flashed on the wings of circling birds whose cries sounded over the water 's thunder .
tr	PAST	" That 's a pretty nasty scrape , " he announced .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap to him .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls opens and my spoon flies out .
tr	PRES	" A primitive creed states that owning hair from another 's head gives one power over that individual .
tr	PAST	She cuffed him on the arm , then looked at Derek .
tr	PAST	Nicolas smacked his brother across the back of his head while Tara thought .
tr	PAST	I grunted acknowledgment and said to Lara , " Bring the thralls . "
tr	PRES	" Help ... " The rest of her tangled hair falls away from her face .
tr	PAST	" She didn 't wait for an explanation , she skipped away immediately .
tr	PRES	" What brings you up here ?
tr	PAST	Thankfully , however , her smile never faltered as she felt Lucien place his hand on the small of her back .
tr	PAST	In Amanda 's loopy writing , she had scribbled her name and phone number .
tr	PAST	Cara and Jenn fiddled with their hair and blotted their faces with their hands .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat and then pounded furiously in his chest as his face smacked leaves on its way down toward the ground .
tr	PRES	And then he releases Henry and walks around me .
tr	PRES	" Thanks detective . "
tr	PAST	Aria giggled , raising a finger .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	I crouched , dropping the meat onto the snow beside me .
tr	PRES	" What about Boots and Hazard ? "
tr	PAST	he inquired , sipping his coffee and feeling the full weight of Julia 's feigned aloofness , just as she intended .
tr	PRES	" You 're welcome , " Mary mumbled , as she walked the ten steps to retrieve her toast from the toaster .
tr	PRES	" Bend your legs a little .
tr	PRES	" And so it begins . "
tr	PAST	His voice rumbled deep in his chest .
tr	PRES	Jon returns his eyes to the page , scanning quickly , processing the information as fast as he can .
tr	PAST	Nathan 's security gate buzzed just as he was rolling out of bed .
tr	PRES	Cindy 's face falls and Dad gently curls a hand around the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	She belongs with me .
tr	PRES	She reaches for me .
tr	PAST	I bounced my foot on the floor .
tr	PRES	Avery tries to walk away .
tr	PAST	This high rate of speed prevented the sun from boiling it away .
tr	PRES	The faintest pink of sunrise creeps over the horizon , just enough to add a strange hue to our flesh as we stumble out onto the gravel .
tr	PAST	They recorded codes for the larger items so they could find them in the warehouse later and added the smaller purchases to their voluminous Ikea shopping bag .
tr	PRES	She presses her lips together , like she 's trying not to laugh .
tr	PAST	Grabbing a shopping basket , I charged over and started grabbing random packages of soup mix , cereal bars , and whatever else looked edible .
tr	PRES	he asked , her knees resting on either side of his hips .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're pregnant .
tr	PRES	Probably no one else sees it .
tr	PRES	Dark waves of hair fel over his forehead .
tr	PRES	She pushes past a long , brown , leather couch and a matching lazy boy .
tr	PRES	" Good heavens ! "
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	" Mamma likes her roses , but Uncle Justin said I could have some .
tr	PRES	Payment now in cash , one grand . "
tr	PRES	" Are you certain , Hal ?
tr	PRES	A towel rides low on his hips , water drips down his solid chest , and his eyes sting with fire .
tr	PAST	Little Patrick who would soon be six , squealed , ' Trousers Mammy , and would you believe it , socks for me feet . '
tr	PRES	" Oh , " I add .
tr	PRES	An intuitive transformation begins , though Zelda doesn 't spend even a second considering the deeper meaning of her actions .
tr	PAST	Ethan propped his arm on the back of the couch .
tr	PRES	Nothing unusual there , but a new addition , two hot women , were approaching our cabana .
tr	PAST	I swiped away the tears and sat up .
tr	PAST	Antonio exclaimed , kissing both of her cheeks .
tr	PRES	Sometimes she sees things that I have not .
tr	PAST	" That 's our string , " yawned Wanda .
tr	PAST	But when Eric made an assist that resulted in a goal for his team , I cheered as wildly as everyone else .
tr	PAST	As she expected , it was carved from a single stone , the sides finely wrought , each corner perfectly angled , each side perfectly flat .
tr	PAST	And how much subliminally received ?
tr	PRES	" Yes Sire . "
tr	PRES	He murmurs in my ear , " You need to rest , so we can go dancing on Friday . "
tr	PAST	" You haven 't known her very long , " Franklin attempted to calm Merrill down .
tr	PRES	An enormous clear glass globe half-filled with water in which stand a few gigantic stems .
tr	PAST	When it was ready , the computer created a new folder on his desktop with lettering underneath indicating two items .
tr	PRES	Aiden whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	The compliment jolted him like a brush with electric fencing .
tr	PAST	His jaw muscles tensed at the idea .
tr	PAST	" I visited California once before , for Knott 's Berry Farm 's Halloween Haunt .
tr	PRES	Minna carefully slides the jar swirling with reddish smoke , down into the bottom of her flowery purse .
tr	PAST	I rasped , and the Thin Man looked at me in surprise .
tr	PRES	His face slightly flinches at the mention of her .
tr	PRES	A red door stands at the top of three weather worn concrete steps with black iron rails on each side .
tr	PAST	" You forgot to shave tomorrow ... I mean this morning , " I giggled .
tr	PAST	At his easy smile , weakness washed through her , calling to her in a sly , seductive voice .
tr	PAST	Air leaped into the front seat beside Winter , who looked back at Simon .
tr	PRES	The line stretches past the designated ropes , patrons pushing against the hard black coils .
tr	PAST	Daniel 's voice pierced his mind .
tr	PAST	He giggled , and the gunslinger dropped the wood at his feet with a crash that ballooned up bone dust .
tr	PRES	She tries so hard to overcome the images in her head .
tr	PAST	- He enquired - " Anything I did to offend you last night ?
tr	PAST	Chapter 18 Eleanor fanned out the photographs across her writing table .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " Ethan mumbled .
tr	PRES	She no longer recognizes many of our kind .
tr	PRES	" Don 't try it , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	She then enters her bedroom , shuts the door behind her , and sits on her bed .
tr	PAST	Suddenly she sneezed four times in quick succession .
tr	PRES	" An appointment ? "
tr	PRES	His head lay heavily against her shoulder , his black eyelashes still resting on his cheeks .
tr	PRES	We race down another hill and into the midst of the grazing hoard .
tr	PRES	" Bloody paps , " he forcefully mutters .
tr	PRES	He glides over and takes the seat to my right .
tr	PRES	She tentatively reaches out and touches the fabric with a stoic expression as she runs her fingers along one of the black flowers .
tr	PRES	With a pair of tweezers , she gently removes the wood chip .
tr	PRES	" The Fourth always draws in more people from the county .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" No , no , no ... " Ryder falls to her knees , her head tipping down .
tr	PAST	His head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	Torin led her through the hallways , quiet , even his footfalls muffled .
tr	PAST	Pressure mines , presumably , triggered when your guards advanced into the shadows .
tr	PAST	Unable to resist , he chanced another look over at Keeley just as she turned her head slightly in his direction .
tr	PAST	That certainty reassured Cassius that his decision to remain out of the army was the right one .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Sunset High ? "
tr	PRES	Its different , incredibly beautiful , almost haunting .
tr	PAST	He took a swig of his beer , then squinted into the distance as if he was trying to make out something among the trees .
tr	PAST	Jack tousled his son 's curly blond hair .
tr	PRES	As we pass Mark 's door , Andrew stops , puts his fingers to his lips , and motions for me to keep going .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Frederick Parsons to see Miss Campbell . "
tr	PAST	She found her mother at her father 's bedside , his hand clasped in hers .
tr	PRES	The temperature never changes .
tr	PAST	Midnight Sun bore down on them from behind , catching them after only a few feet .
tr	PAST	He tugged her from the room , down the massive hall , and out the front door .
tr	PAST	She scribbled something else .
tr	PAST	Silver taunted with a dangerous smile .
tr	PRES	I lean into the bar and order bottled water and a soda .
tr	PRES	She breathes a sigh of relief when I shake my head no .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " I lied .
tr	PAST	While an electric razor would be quicker , he preferred the extra close shave the old-fashioned tool gave him .
tr	PAST	" Roman 's in D.C. , but he 'll be back soon , " she reassured him .
tr	PAST	The creature named Wraith didn 't miss the contact , though , those creepy eyes shifting from Caden 's hand to his face .
tr	PAST	The warrior , the one given the task I desired for myself .
tr	PRES	Anyway , somehow our friends and foster children discover who we are , and we eventually have to move to another city .
tr	PAST	His lips curved knowingly against mine , and he let go of my wrist .
tr	PAST	Driven by instinct , the Snake Bend werewolves circled the two brothers .
tr	PAST	The view rotated until the virtual camera was now facing Skyler 's World .
tr	PAST	The horse lent speed to the runner without having to carry his weight .
tr	PRES	The Mog next to him opens up his coat , showing me the handle of a blaster tucked into his pants .
tr	PRES	Reagan reaches across me , and I realize she 's reaching for a condom .
tr	PRES	Trystan remains frozen by the door , his eyes sweeping over her back and drinking in her curves .
tr	PAST	Dylan 's legs tensed and his sharp inhale this time had nothing to do with her .
tr	PRES	Karen brings her knees up to her chest .
tr	PAST	" You quit ? "
tr	PRES	" Sit down young man , lets have a look at that leg . "
tr	PRES	Or taking a dive off the Summerville water tower .
tr	PRES	A girl reaches her chubby hand to touch my strings , and I smile and intercept her hand by taking it in mine , instead .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PAST	" Humor me , " I urged .
tr	PRES	" I saw it , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her eyes danced at him , reassured him .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands out to her brother and sister .
tr	PAST	I taped the box and set it far , far away from me so I wouldn 't inflict damage on it again .
tr	PAST	He seized her throat and tore the visor from her eyes , forcing her to look at him .
tr	PAST	Someone already stole my piece .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PRES	Only one portion remains . "
tr	PRES	And a shop selling rocking horses .
tr	PRES	James holds out his hand to me and I meet him in the shadows , pressing myself close to him .
tr	PAST	Kate flicked her chestnut hair over her shoulder , reaching inside her own , bona fide Vuitton bag for lipstick .
tr	PRES	" Oh , it " s you , Commander Vimes , sir .
tr	PRES	I crack open the garage door and see both the Mercedes and the Range Rover parked there .
tr	PRES	Cade lets out a loud sigh and throws the towel on the counter .
tr	PAST	She prayed for Isaac 's happiness and James 's salvation .
tr	PRES	" What about wiping out my memory of the past few days ? "
tr	PAST	Bax tipped his hat further back on his head .
tr	PAST	Embarrassed that they 'd pegged her life so accurately , Paige stiffened .
tr	PRES	He also wishes you to know that your monthly allowance will cease effective immediately . "
tr	PRES	" Reagan , " Dad breathes .
tr	PAST	Higgs squinted at Huxley , sensing that something was afoot .
tr	PRES	In the corner were the storage bins , but even they were hung with little paper bells and white angels .
tr	PRES	Don 't cry , you idiot .
tr	PAST	I tensed and thought about pulling away .
tr	PAST	Mage exclaimed , striding toward me with her arms held out .
tr	PAST	His comment soured her mood .
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath , Gan advanced with his three horses in tow .
tr	PRES	If they represent the wishes of the people , and since my father values his people , he should value this Parliament ... . .
tr	PAST	" So you managed to get out of cooking , after all , " Travis accused .
tr	PAST	" No , really , I - " She pinched the bridge of her nose and concentrated on taking shallow breaths .
tr	PRES	" Danika , I - " A pause , heavy , oppressive .
tr	PRES	And he plays football .
tr	PRES	Tentatively due Summer 2014 .
tr	PRES	They literally dissolved , " explains the captain .
tr	PAST	After he was finished , he collapsed against her in a wet , crumpled heap .
tr	PAST	Kathy entertained herself with her thoughts while she was waiting .
tr	PAST	" Crikey , " Tamsin exhaled , using her current favorite catch-phrase .
tr	PRES	He stretches his long legs in front of him , as though we 're discussing nothing more serious than the weather .
tr	PAST	His other arm circled her and he pulled her up his chest so they were eye-to-eye .
tr	PAST	Miss Butts shuffled the papers .
tr	PRES	My heart stalls with a twinge of pain .
tr	PAST	As I rinsed off , more sand piled around my feet .
tr	PRES	" No more lies !
tr	PAST	Fallon heightened his senses and watched the paranormal web light up .
tr	PRES	Poised and content , I swim underwater until I know I 'm in the clear to surface for air .
tr	PRES	His hair floats up in animated suspension and a light row of bubbles peppers his eyebrows .
tr	PRES	Daylight stretches out over the horizon in a beautiful mirage of colours .
tr	PAST	She froze , the name slipping out too fast for her to backtrack .
tr	PRES	I 've never been to England , " Callie teased as she moved her hands to his shoulders .
tr	PRES	After a moment , she snuck another peek at the woman 's face and gasped .
tr	PAST	Clearly not expecting him to agree , she treated him to a mock punch in the shoulder .
tr	PRES	She freezes mid insult giving him the biggest death stare ever .
tr	PRES	" This morning he presented me with a written list of those very same transgressions and demanded I either confess or deny . "
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	They always pretended it was a Shop Chicken , but Chicky always knew .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to the kitchen ? "
tr	PRES	Logan and Gage hiss in unison .
tr	PAST	" That anxious , are you ? "
tr	PAST	The sunny street dimmed as the words took on sense .
tr	PRES	He taps the phone again .
tr	PRES	" Don 't even think about disappearing , ok ?
tr	PAST	Lane inched into it .
tr	PAST	She trusted Peter , Sandra and Alonzo completely and knew that they would never mention her luck to anyone .
tr	PAST	Light reflected up at him from below the horizontal and made the inside of the car unnaturally bright .
tr	PRES	" The density envelope ? "
tr	PRES	" Mr Gibson . "
tr	PRES	A ghost of an X remains on my father 's door .
tr	PAST	VIN secured his cord to the outer wall on his first return so that the port would close and operate with a canister inside .
tr	PRES	He holds my hand and leads me to his sexy car .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	It shrieked again and fell back .
tr	PRES	He carries himself well with just the right amount of arrogance .
tr	PAST	They provided a kaleidoscope background for the black and ivory figures that were marching slowly between them .
tr	PAST	After several firm jerks , he extracted it from Berle 's grip .
tr	PAST	I flung the jacket aside and grabbed Nance .
tr	PAST	Her recap sobered him .
tr	PAST	' You 've forgotten nothing , Mama , ' Agnes reassured .
tr	PAST	He nearly exploded at the contact , closing his eyes and sucking in a desperate breath as she gently palmed him .
tr	PRES	Izzy chokes up , and Lila presses her face into her knees .
tr	PRES	They swim into the flooded cave .
tr	PAST	Despite the politeness of her tone , her eyes glowed unpleasantly .
tr	PRES	" Why glum ? "
tr	PAST	The black wolf leaped into the knot of men surrounding Stefan , aiming precisely for the one holding the sharpened cylinder of wood above Stefan 's chest .
tr	PAST	Lost in the moment , he nearly exploded when she tangled her fingers into his hair and bit his bottom lip .
tr	PAST	Amalia eyed the panel with all the little circles one could push for different floors .
tr	PRES	The rotor wash whipped the rope and the attached harness back and forth like a pendulum on a wide , arching swing .
tr	PRES	After a couple of miles , she relaxes against the seat and props one of her booted feet against the dash .
tr	PAST	A face coalesced from the darkness in front of her .
tr	PAST	She tensed for a moment , but as the movie began , he felt her relax and she eventually even rested her head back on his shoulders .
tr	PAST	" Long time no see , " she joked .
tr	PAST	Her desire only deepened when he " d started taking time during each visit to talk to her .
tr	PRES	A seductress who made his blood pound but seemed totally clueless about how beautiful she was .
tr	PAST	" Jackson , " I sobbed .
tr	PRES	He wears a white shirt unbuttoned to reveal his chest .
tr	PRES	His thin body slides easily over the hard dirt , coming to rest next to me .
tr	PAST	" Wards are solid , " Chance reported , coming back into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	A flash of his real mother 's hands turning pages in a book curved a nervous smile on his lips .
tr	PAST	Yet she sensed something else from him .
tr	PAST	I doubted this was really the lunch special .
tr	PRES	" And he loves you .
tr	PAST	His lap swimming also resulted that he was in the best shape that he had ever been in his sixty-one years .
tr	PRES	The Office Rat scrutinized the message sheet and poked a stubby paw at Marcia 's name .
tr	PRES	" Whom you mistook earlier for a brothel owner ! "
tr	PAST	A couple of kids stripped off their clothes and followed him down the hall .
tr	PAST	The American woman emerged from the house walking quickly , and looked at her suspiciously .
tr	PAST	In their written statement they stated they passed Wallace the night they hit Billy Jo .
tr	PAST	" I must anoint the gargoyle , " Iseo revealed .
tr	PAST	He motioned us out of the room .
tr	PRES	" Says you , " Brodie teased with a chuckle .
tr	PAST	He scrawled his thought down on paper while munching on the remainder of the cheeseburger .
tr	PAST	Eventually , his breathing slowed and his eyes fully adjusted to his awakening .
tr	PRES	Julie chuckles and returns to her food .
tr	PAST	He outstretched his arms , but a chill ran down his limbs .
tr	PAST	" I named Pierce as my attacker . "
tr	PAST	When they were about three hours from Amarillo , Lucy slowed the car down and pulled to the side of the road .
tr	PAST	" Just tell him the truth , " the man instructed .
tr	PAST	His hunger for knowledge rivaled the growing pains in his stomach .
tr	PAST	They quieted down , just a little .
tr	PAST	" I never thanked you for fucking Jackson behind my back .
tr	PAST	She claimed that my brother told on him right away and she confronted him .
tr	PRES	" You didn 't drug me , " he points out .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms out and yawns .
tr	PRES	Her father maneuvers his time , and is able to sneak in and give some extra help also .
tr	PAST	The saws buzzed around the hallway , and after not finding any more fur balls to chop up , they disappeared .
tr	PAST	A thick red banner crawled across the bottom of the screen .
tr	PAST	A thick shaft of bright light pierced the gloom , illuminating a broad circle of the floor .
tr	PRES	" Night soil . "
tr	PAST	Ainsley adjusted her shawl .
tr	PRES	Yes , it bothers me .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps they withstand it still . "
tr	PAST	She even kicked the board a moment later , then cringed when the hard board hurt her tender foot .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on Claire , lighten up .
tr	PRES	The gallery begins to fill and whispered voices greet each other .
tr	PRES	His fingers delved and slid in between my sensitive folds as I raised my h * ps off the bed , begging him to touch me more .
tr	PAST	Its fangs curved over his brow , its muzzle drawn back in a snarl .
tr	PAST	Removing his pants , he crawled up the bed between her legs .
tr	PAST	He itched to unbutton the blouse she wore - hell , to tear it off of her - and get started making that baby right now .
tr	PRES	And more Spanish ! "
tr	PAST	" Her visa expired three days ago . "
tr	PRES	Tears shone in her eyes as she stared up at him .
tr	PAST	Heisenberg shrieked in fury , but then there was a blast and Big D was thrown a step backward .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh at the notion of being grounded for performing a voodoo love spell .
tr	PRES	So , I praise rather than react , no matter what she says she sees . "
tr	PRES	I screwed everything up .
tr	PAST	She tugged at Yolanda 's sweater .
tr	PRES	" You threaten me ? "
tr	PRES	He opens his messy desk drawer and shuffles through loose papers , then pulls out a business card .
tr	PAST	You fool , it 's happening already , an inner voice chided him .
tr	PAST	I yell into my headset as we swerve on the rocky road .
tr	PRES	The lady that does my grocery shopping and cleans the house likes to use my kitchen for baking when she 's here . "
tr	PRES	And he tries to be cool but only when Dante and Danica are around .
tr	PRES	He tends to write rambling , angry letters calling me a stupid bitch and blaming me for all the troubles in his life . "
tr	PRES	The oven timer rings , and the moment ends .
tr	PAST	In that simple gesture , relief and energy seemed to flood into her , weariness washed away before it .
tr	PRES	" What clinic ? "
tr	PAST	I identified myself and he made it clear that he was expecting a letter from a Miss Low in Hong Kong .
tr	PAST	Every so often , he grunted as if in pain .
tr	PAST	Lucas pinched the bridge of his nose until the relief faded enough for him to think again .
tr	PAST	Dawn washed her hands , coming to stand beside him while he heated oil .
tr	PRES	My temper snaps to life .
tr	PAST	That night the Faith ambushed us near Rome -- he knew his way about a fight .
tr	PAST	The good scent of him lingered an instant before that too vanished , leaving Iona alone in the moonlight , and breathless .
tr	PRES	A half hour later , a faint noise in the kitchen brings her back to awareness .
tr	PRES	" Quit creeping me out . "
tr	PRES	A group of homeless men huddle near a trash barrel where they 've lit a fire .
tr	PRES	They mutter something about shock and call for an ambulance .
tr	PAST	Lil hopped with excitement at the return of her friend .
tr	PRES	Although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author .
tr	PAST	He quickly tuned the radio station until the soft , sexy voice of the Night Siren flooded the car .
tr	PAST	They roamed over her shirt and she felt her nipples harden .
tr	PRES	" Saffron likes odd numbers in a group so they picked Shannon to be the number five . "
tr	PRES	I swam closer to her remains and reached out to take her hand , to lift her body up , but her hand was gone .
tr	PAST	I sensed a hint of worry in the quiet man .
tr	PAST	Except the image I reflected was fake , and if you looked too long and too hard , you started to see cracks in the disguise .
tr	PRES	The door opens and in walks the most incredibly handsome guy I think I 've ever seen .
tr	PRES	At last it clears the screen .
tr	PAST	She claimed the heavy medications altered his state of mind and caused him to make irrational decisions regarding disbursement of his funds .
tr	PRES	Gamaliel holds a reputation in the Mishnah for being one of the greatest teachers in all the annals of Judaism .
tr	PRES	" They teach you that you are never really in control .
tr	PRES	The helmsman announces over the ship 's speakers .
tr	PAST	A dim light created a glow but not sufficient for him to see anything .
tr	PAST	Ryan asked , nerves jumbled together inside him .
tr	PRES	Timber property around here sells for five thousand an acre or better . "
tr	PRES	Once the storm comes out , the landscape changes .
tr	PRES	On and on the horse came , its hoof falls now echoing out from the very underpass they were supposed to hide in .
tr	PRES	I snap out of my thoughts , raise my sword and finish the job .
tr	PAST	To get there required many steps , all heading downwards .
tr	PAST	The ocean churned below , dark and murky , waiting to swallow them if the barrier gave way .
tr	PAST	Toby regained his bearings .
tr	PRES	He peels off his North Face and drapes it over my shoulders .
tr	PRES	Divine foresight lets me see all kinds of things I wish I couldn 't .
tr	PAST	Thunder boomed , echoing over the water , and the storm broke with blinding sheets of rain blowing across the lake .
tr	PRES	Laila clears her throat .
tr	PAST	" A tunnel collapsed .
tr	PAST	The cryo tubes themselves appeared to be new .
tr	PRES	" What a preposterous notion ! "
tr	PAST	I clasped my hands together .
tr	PRES	" Benjamin can 't stay with Chantilly just to make the school happy , " I retort .
tr	PRES	An arm wraps around my neck .
tr	PAST	We cycle toward town , winding along the road on a pair of muddy mountain bikes .
tr	PRES	Then he leaned forward , his smile fading .
tr	PRES	It now holds some pretty intense memories for me .
tr	PAST	Slamming her fist against the mattress , Sheree chided herself for being such a coward .
tr	PAST	Callie scooted back into the corner of the couch and curled her legs up under her .
tr	PAST	I pretended I was a statue and waited .
tr	PRES	For a moment , however brief , the gentleness on his face fades away to reveal something hard and dark .
tr	PAST	" Then it 'll be fun to have something new , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Then he enquired , " What happened tonight ? "
tr	PAST	Hywel flicked his eyes to Gwen and then back to his father .
tr	PAST	Varg flicked his ears in assent .
tr	PAST	" Wolves have no need of names , " she sniffed .
tr	PAST	Rico reduced the throttle as they approached then they rode the gentle waves toward the shore .
tr	PAST	She motioned him toward the sink .
tr	PAST	A dragon charged through the air to strike Brother George .
tr	PAST	It served no purpose , except to jar him and note never to do it again .
tr	PRES	( He loves to tell this story ; it 's one of his best stories . )
tr	PAST	Their faces bore the gravest expressions she had ever seen .
tr	PAST	' We 've identified two of the prophets who 're giving us our instructions , Master , ' I advised him .
tr	PRES	' Then value me in bed .
tr	PRES	If we happen upon anything , slay it without question , Herr 'D on . "
tr	PAST	" I was sent out on Recall today , " Franz recorded in his log .
tr	PRES	She glances down at my wrists , noting the gloves I have on to cover up the lines on my skin from drinking Cameron 's life .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward Trina , Nicole , Amber , and a couple other cheerleaders , a few tables away .
tr	PAST	Duncan chased the horse and rider down as Tara hung on for dear life .
tr	PAST	No one dared draw the huge warrior 's attention or ire .
tr	PAST	Aunt Marilyn cocked one eyebrow , but did not object , as Sophie thought she might .
tr	PAST	And then to cap everything off , you bound her to you . "
tr	PAST	Zane inhaled through his nose as he was thoroughly kissed , and he slid his arms around Ty 's waist to pull his lover against his body .
tr	PRES	" I assume you two have resolved your differences . "
tr	PRES	My eyes devour the words on each page , flashing through the lines of writing , trying to make sense of what I 'm seeing .
tr	PRES	" Bullshit , you blinder boy , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	She hadn 't only survived , she thrived .
tr	PAST	Mr. Dart exhaled sharply , not quite a chuckle .
tr	PRES	We 'll be right here if you need us , sweetie , anxiously waiting for every juicy detail , " Mary teased .
tr	PAST	When they were all gone , I floated myself downward until my feet were back on the mat .
tr	PRES	While he is still recovering , I punch him hard in the stomach .
tr	PRES	A small face gazes down from a window .
tr	PRES	They shone in the mist like sapphires .
tr	PRES	she shrieked , her voice husky .
tr	PRES	Cameras , monitors , alarms ... all of it went back to Silo One .
tr	PAST	" I have lied about nothing .
tr	PAST	The ship slowed and then came to a stop , maybe ten miles from where the warehouse once stood .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth to protest , but I cut her off , holding my hand up .
tr	PRES	Blondie opens her mouth to speak , but Cole 's lawyer is on her feet .
tr	PRES	Now this place tastes like the arena , too .
tr	PAST	Talon bit back a moan as Sunshine nuzzled his nipple with her teeth .
tr	PRES	" Which brings up the disturbing realization that they 've probably known about this and weren 't telling me . "
tr	PAST	She crawled from under the table and across the wooden floor .
tr	PRES	" By taking a dip in the river ?
tr	PRES	Arthur Pritchard sighs heavily and gets up .
tr	PRES	The contusion measures 7.40 inches in length and 4.30 inches in width .
tr	PRES	But man , does he make my blood boil . "
tr	PAST	" Mmm , " Julia grunted .
tr	PAST	He collapsed on the marble floor .
tr	PAST	She twirled the phone cord between her fingers .
tr	PAST	The others lingered , wanting to catch up and share what had happened over the last few weeks .
tr	PRES	" If you were on the East Coast ... " He sighs .
tr	PRES	And his left ankle .
tr	PAST	I swiped my wrist across my sticky forehead and then reached into my pocket .
tr	PRES	Sorry I overreacted . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , but that 's before I knew Helen would be coming home , " Carmen explains .
tr	PRES	' That 's the peak frequency of the Devil 's Interval , ' Jolie explains , handing back his mobile with a satisfied grin .
tr	PAST	My hands blindly stripped the weapons down , and cleaned them .
tr	PAST	He froze and stopped growling .
tr	PAST	Jane toyed with the idea .
tr	PAST	It would have risked all their lives . "
tr	PRES	" The range NCO in your bunker carries a sidearm .
tr	PAST	Terror seized him as he realized Kinsey was in trouble .
tr	PAST	He mirrored her movements , using techniques he 'd no doubt gleaned from the last management seminar he 'd attended .
tr	PRES	He arches his brow as he glances at the spoon in my hand .
tr	PAST	Nikolai 's mate , Renata , hopped down off the counter in the weapons room and started pacing in her combat boots and black fatigues .
tr	PRES	He helps me how to pronounce the words and I say it back to him .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	Because I 'm feeling selfish .
tr	PAST	My own body seized , and anger and hurt and grief beyond words ripped out of me .
tr	PRES	And without another word , he stalked away .
tr	PAST	" I can control myself , " she gritted out .
tr	PRES	Maybe fifteen thousand men , total . "
tr	PAST	Beaming , I practically skipped to the bathroom , which was more the size of a locker room .
tr	PAST	They would gently make their way from branch to branch , their mottled fur reflected in the water below .
tr	PAST	Some juice , maybe ? "
tr	PAST	The two girls stiffened at my sudden advance on them .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you first . "
tr	PRES	He disconnected his lips and stared into my eyes .
tr	PAST	With shaky restraint , Jacob fenced in his own needs and continued rubbing gentle , small circles into her head .
tr	PRES	" So , Maggie , " he said , turning his back on Laurent , " how goes the police investigation ? "
tr	PRES	My body relaxes as I hear a sigh .
tr	PAST	" What about the bomber ?
tr	PAST	The driver flicked a photograph toward them .
tr	PAST	True , his sister awaited the information he had about Lord Hamish , which wasn 't much .
tr	PRES	That place I always kept hidden magnified , the void bloated with the truth of who I really was .
tr	PAST	Then , honestly puzzled , he asked , " How did you get in ? "
tr	PRES	She exhales , and it 's like a balloon has been emptied inside her .
tr	PAST	Sean eyed the older man .
tr	PAST	She regained her balance and I forced my mind elsewhere .
tr	PAST	The words bounced against the surrounding mountains , creating an echo .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to the ground at her feet just as a pain exploded in the back of her head , and everything was swallowed up in darkness .
tr	PRES	He stands up , stretches his arms up over his head .
tr	PRES	" I assume you have been messing with Scarlet again ? "
tr	PRES	No more aching loneliness .
tr	PRES	He bent and fumbled , swearing , for one of the stones resting on the edge of the firepit .
tr	PAST	Realizing it wasn 't there , she dove back for the bed , crawled over it , and grabbed the phone vibrating across the nightstand .
tr	PAST	His voice wavered in embarrassment for our predicament .
tr	PRES	It makes perfect sense , a little voice inside me whispers .
tr	PAST	She zipped up her jacket against the cold wind .
tr	PAST	He acted like his feelings were hurt and then we both laughed again .
tr	PRES	" You scare me more than anything I 've ever encountered , and at the same time , I love you for it .
tr	PAST	" Wallace obtained a recording of his voice .
tr	PAST	Lizzy instructed her son as she lifted her hands to the sky .
tr	PAST	Bending down , she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her skimpy but equally silky panties and slid them to the floor .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , letting her slide slowly down the door , still trapped against him , still feeling every last inch of him .
tr	PAST	My back smacked into a support post .
tr	PAST	Elise yawned and stood up from the couch .
tr	PAST	I sensed stabbings and robberies and harassment and fear .
tr	PRES	He lets his pack fall to the earthen floor of the tunnel .
tr	PRES	The older nurse returns , lifting the oxygen mask away and offering me a paper cup of water .
tr	PAST	The midgets chattered angrily and surged forward , jabbing with their weapons .
tr	PRES	Now the monastery lies in ruins , or perhaps it has been rebuilt as some fortress of Agon in my homeland . "
tr	PRES	I punch his arm , which makes him laugh more .
tr	PAST	The crow flapped its wings again .
tr	PAST	About that same time , the demon swarm leaped straight up , dwindling into the velvet blackness of the desert sky .
tr	PRES	" What about the houses ? "
tr	PRES	" What I lose , she gains .
tr	PAST	She dumped her plate in the sink and stalked out of the kitchen .
tr	PRES	He mistook it as a rejection of some kind .
tr	PAST	" Jesus , " Bill rasped , sweeping the helmet off his head .
tr	PAST	His jacket flapped behind him .
tr	PRES	And so , we hatched a plot to kill Washington .
tr	PAST	You are so perfect , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Hot chocolate if you have it . "
tr	PAST	No cars lingered in the lot , including Glory 's , but here , he smelled blood .
tr	PRES	He contented himself with standing on the side of the room chatting happily with some of his guests and sharing a drink .
tr	PRES	" Christ , " I mutter , stepping out of the way just in time .
tr	PAST	" Maybe he crawled out or something . "
tr	PAST	Every day his father plunged his hand into the stone mailbox and extracted bills , magazines , junk coupon circulars .
tr	PAST	Hera inhaled sharply as she watched the young woman grasp and manipulate her husband 's face .
tr	PRES	" The rounds ? "
tr	PRES	" You ok , Little Sis ? "
tr	PAST	Cullen tugged at her hand to get her attention .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could have been there , " she murmurs , almost to herself .
tr	PRES	Major McCabe ... Or was his name Major Walker ? "
tr	PAST	" Have you experienced the first taste of your power ? "
tr	PAST	He thanked him for believing in him and for taking down the terrorists before a tragedy occurred .
tr	PAST	King Owain protected his eldest son , and thus he rarely participated in the less savory aspects of ruling Gwynedd .
tr	PRES	Judge Watts throws a dirty look at Dr. Gallo and doesn 't even ask Crawley if he wants to cross-examine before banging her gavel .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Elijah .
tr	PRES	He falls , trying to scream , but unable to .
tr	PRES	Rann stands , saying .
tr	PRES	Chase points to the building .
tr	PAST	But he inquired about your adoption process .
tr	PRES	Water falls from the clouds , hits the cold air and turns into snow .
tr	PRES	" You cured him ?
tr	PAST	She trusted that Gwendolen might confide in her during their journey to England , so that she could prepare her for any disappointment .
tr	PAST	It was even more weedy and overgrown back here , the path snaked with ropes of undergrowth .
tr	PRES	Chapter 27 I thought that an Epsom salt bath would have helped me relax .
tr	PAST	The clouds had disintegrated and the world was an entirely new place as they resumed their course back towards Mack 's cove .
tr	PRES	" He senses something .
tr	PRES	I padded into the bathroom to wash off my makeup and comb out my hair .
tr	PAST	Someone attempted to access my account and track my purchases . "
tr	PAST	In front of me , the enemy 's confidence waned and fear came upon their faces .
tr	PRES	She loves the exotic plants .
tr	PRES	" You 're insane , " I shout .
tr	PAST	" Hi , " I said , still puzzled as to why and how she 'd be calling me .
tr	PRES	Tears spurt from his eyes .
tr	PRES	" I 'm hanging out with Thayer all day , and we 're planning on watching a meteor shower tonight , " Laurel snaps .
tr	PRES	" Janine , too .
tr	PRES	His mom glares at me from the living room .
tr	PRES	Danielle opens her eyes and smiles at the youngest crew members .
tr	PAST	My body floated around .
tr	PRES	" My story begins over twenty-five summers ago , not long before my birth .
tr	PAST	Indeed many of the radicals in the polymer that constituted Sys 's body bore significant similarities to sugar .
tr	PAST	After he finished , Fredrick pretended like he was going to say something .
tr	PRES	I grieve to upset you with these thoughts , my Love , and I dearly hope that I find myself in error .
tr	PAST	She hooked her arms around his neck and dragged him up to her .
tr	PAST	I butt dialed her while we were talkin ' yesterday .
tr	PAST	Once again Simon attempted to stand up and throw the device .
tr	PAST	The explosion that Braden and him had heard on their way back collapsed the entrance hall into the V-shaped rubble .
tr	PAST	I slapped him across his face , wiping that smug look right off it .
tr	PAST	Without really discussing it , Martina , Andy , Samuel , and I readied the room we were in for ourselves .
tr	PRES	It roars again , this time almost gleefully , and then its body lances upwards , all its tiny arms grasping at the air .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps we should move this conversation somewhere private , " Rex mutters .
tr	PAST	" Don 't , " she urged him , holding up a shaking hand .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side and grinned .
tr	PAST	They then proceeded to mock him playfully about his foreign clothes with insults similar to the slavers .
tr	PRES	" He hates everyone . "
tr	PRES	The robot releases me and I gasp in relief .
tr	PRES	Raffaele holds up one of the gems .
tr	PAST	She dared not move for fear of collapsing .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted and looked down at his watch .
tr	PRES	But she begins to follow us as we pick our way deeper into the rubble .
tr	PRES	The more I concentrate , the more the two voices fade away .
tr	PAST	" Nick and I are giving our marriage a second chance , " Angel exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Despite the ample room first class provided , my arm ached from the way I leaned against the window , and I winced .
tr	PAST	" Another dragon , " Cass inquired his face questioning .
tr	PAST	Who designed this ? "
tr	PAST	A maniacal laugh bounced off the shadowed trees and hit her full force like a rogue wind .
tr	PRES	The closest foot to me begins tapping the floor .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't make this any harder than it already is , " he whispers back .
tr	PAST	Andrea eyed the car keys in Kim 's hand , wondering if she could snatch them without hurting the woman .
tr	PRES	As he looked out over the river through the expansive picture window , the serene view subdued the emotional turmoil churning below the surface .
tr	PAST	Murphy asked me , her voice pitched low .
tr	PRES	He sheds his fur , showing bright pink skin underneath .
tr	PRES	" Not all of us took sewing , ok ?
tr	PAST	Leon faltered , alarmed .
tr	PAST	I feared it meant we were heading to Langley , which would be bad .
tr	PRES	Drake on the other hand invites me to his room in an effort to pick my brain for hours .
tr	PAST	He scooted his body up , so he was facing her , seated on the floor of the boat .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth against the pain in my shoulder and yanked my foot free , but not before ripping the hem of my jeans .
tr	PRES	" No sweat Lori and I know what we 're up against .
tr	PRES	* * * Chapter 37 Victor made a slow circuit around the circle , his gaze resting on the face of each pack member .
tr	PRES	Chase laughed , another rolling rumble .
tr	PAST	He sniffed around the entrance of the farm and picked up the familiar tire scent there as well .
tr	PRES	It had been part of their early arguments , those first sticking points all couples needed to work through .
tr	PRES	But he stank like he had washed up in a bathtub full of hooch so the tempting sympathy passed .
tr	PAST	I sobbed , " What kind of person am I ? "
tr	PAST	I risked a glance behind me and saw more than one gigantic talon blink into existence .
tr	PAST	Again he adjusted the sails , seemingly in less time than it had taken before .
tr	PAST	Tolan breathed deeply then exhaled .
tr	PAST	So screw you and your self-justification for being Worst Parent of Our Lifetime , Drunken Ass Division . "
tr	PRES	" What a shame .
tr	PRES	" Great ... " Amanda frowned .
tr	PAST	Nothing but an old woman with a few stuffed animals in the back room and a reputation for ( that witch ... that cunt ) folk medicine .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Mitch .
tr	PAST	Two shadows emerged from the ropes and followed him , hanging back , watching .
tr	PAST	Helen cringed at his words .
tr	PAST	Matthew gently unfolded it and beheld an ancient writing he clearly recognized around the flowers .
tr	PAST	She flicked her eyes to the couch between them .
tr	PRES	He chalked it up to an unfamiliar firework going off , or maybe a dud .
tr	PRES	With the mere mention of her event , Mom fills everyone in on the details .
tr	PRES	" My Goddess protects me . "
tr	PAST	Kelly reciprocated as her hand searched under his robe to find him hard and ready .
tr	PRES	Emma likes to quip that Maggie " Looks like a horse , and not the Thoroughbred kind . "
tr	PRES	I assume it 's Olive you 're here to see ? "
tr	PAST	When she noticed their knees were almost touching , she scooted back in the chair .
tr	PAST	Aram reduced the pressure .
tr	PAST	Using her breath , she steadied herself , the roaring notes of the music echoing in her head .
tr	PAST	Neither sample matched the other and neither of them matched the dead boy we had discovered .
tr	PRES	The one that charmed the ladies out of their good graces .
tr	PAST	Yes , I lied to the kid .
tr	PRES	" My necklace ! "
tr	PAST	They even protected them .
tr	PAST	His mating mark glowed as he brought it to her hip to match their marks .
tr	PAST	" And yet I had hoped , " he lied .
tr	PRES	" In the backseat of my SUV , having a staring contest with Kane .
tr	PRES	A warm salty gush flows over my tongue and I suck and swallow , gently stroking him , working every last drop out of his cock .
tr	PRES	Him , and a renegade GP member , and a shifter .
tr	PAST	I lied to Dakota .
tr	PAST	He chased them away .
tr	PRES	And then she begged us to put to the spirits the really important questions whose answers she must know .
tr	PAST	James must have sensed that the only way to make me feel weirder would be to mention our plans for later .
tr	PAST	Reaching down , I curved my fingers along their slender handles .
tr	PAST	I can 't carry her much longer , " Nick grunted .
tr	PRES	A smile stretches over my lips .
tr	PAST	He regarded Lucius silently for a moment , then tilted his chin and said , " Are you all right ? "
tr	PAST	" I knew where the book was , " Sofia uttered .
tr	PRES	" Well that clears up a few loose ends , for me at least .
tr	PAST	As soon as she was alone in her sleeping room , she stripped off her wet clothes and put on a robe .
tr	PRES	" And what about having stolen us from our families , " I sneer .
tr	PAST	I smashed my face to the window .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and rubbed his nose against the stuffed animal he obviously loved .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , pursed his lips , and stood to his feet .
tr	PRES	Sometimes the details fade out , like when you forget parts of a dream . "
tr	PAST	' Yes , and we 're telepathic too , but not with humans , ' he stated in a matter-of-fact way .
tr	PAST	Chloe 's eyes roamed the room .
tr	PRES	What a bunch of pricks . "
tr	PRES	And I begged her , Father , to allow that bastard to attack her so we 'd get the information we needed .
tr	PAST	I awoke to total darkness , a harsh scream caught in my throat .
tr	PAST	At the station on Sunday night , I thanked him again for the necklace .
tr	PAST	The guy sniffed , " You 're full of shit , Ray .
tr	PAST	A deafening boom washed over us .
tr	PRES	" Not if you have a large box to retrieve . "
tr	PAST	" But - " Gabe shimmied his hands up the frame of the chair to lower it .
tr	PAST	Romulus raised his shovel above his head , his muscles tensed to strike .
tr	PAST	She flung her arm blindly behind her and fired .
tr	PAST	Then he stiffened , as if suddenly realizing he 'd said too much .
tr	PRES	He releases his hold on her .
tr	PRES	I assume he is legally clear to assume the position , Mr. English ? "
tr	PAST	She roamed the yard for ten minutes but found no signal .
tr	PAST	They shrieked some more , rushing up towards me .
tr	PAST	I received a message that I 'm to take you to a store .
tr	PAST	The middle hexagon of the three bore the symbol that further classified the man .
tr	PRES	" Ok ... simmer down .
tr	PRES	" Don 't panic , Katie .
tr	PAST	Fire trucks acted as battering rams , pushing traffic out of the way and clearing a path for the police vehicles that followed .
tr	PAST	He slowed to a jog and followed the footprints in the dust along where Tom had walked , eventually they disappeared into a closed door .
tr	PAST	She collapsed in a fit of laughter .
tr	PAST	And just like that , she submitted .
tr	PAST	Briefly she toyed with the idea of disappearing until after the baby was born .
tr	PAST	Something emerged from the sole orifice in his belly that handled all his body functions , from breathing to defecating .
tr	PAST	I visited his grave for the first time and placed flowers on it .
tr	PAST	He thanked me and relayed my instructions to the men in the kitchen .
tr	PAST	She pondered for a few more seconds .
tr	PAST	The move created havoc on his senses .
tr	PRES	" The right door holds a kitchen with food and beverages .
tr	PAST	Though honestly , his faith should have wavered sooner .
tr	PAST	Like a cat , he often prowled high above where no one could see him coming .
tr	PRES	A hint of laughter plays on his lips .
tr	PRES	She glances up , raindrops drizzling down her face .
tr	PAST	She tensed and turned back around to look at me .
tr	PRES	' And I assume the brave professor never at one point put himself up for martyr ? '
tr	PRES	Serena no longer sees the most popular caste member , or the spoiled beauty .
tr	PAST	A sharp pain pierced through my head .
tr	PAST	" Very well , " the voice grunted .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not afraid of ugliness , " Mary Ann persisted .
tr	PRES	Warner stills behind me .
tr	PAST	Canute stuffed the last of his food down his mouth , though he had lost his appetite , and left as quickly as he could .
tr	PAST	My mother abandoned me , my father disowned me , and I was raised on a Spartan battlefield under the fist of whoever was around . "
tr	PAST	I inched closer so I could see the screen on the machine .
tr	PAST	They saluted , and murmured orders went down the ranks .
tr	PAST	" After everything we 've been through , you lied to me again . "
tr	PAST	Deciding I was not going to put up with Griffin again , I crawled into the middle of the front seat , between Kellan and Evan .
tr	PRES	" It 's my vanity , " he teased in a low voice .
tr	PAST	A scream pierced the air , and Julie started back to her room .
tr	PAST	" Not a chance , " Callum gritted out .
tr	PRES	" About time , " Leona mumbled .
tr	PAST	Patch eyed me with curiosity .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't want to be rude , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	I cringed , waiting for the scorching pain .
tr	PAST	A woman suddenly smashed herself into Paris , licking at his neck .
tr	PAST	The fizz in Vimes " s head subsided .
tr	PRES	She stands there staunch , hands on hips and toe tapping .
tr	PRES	" Gemma , just listen to him , " my father whispers inside my head .
tr	PRES	" Just finding it interesting that you turned up here on the day you ditch me . "
tr	PRES	My father removes his hand from his arm and gasps in horror .
tr	PAST	She scampered past Quinn , her ponytail swinging behind her .
tr	PAST	Others buzzed above our heads and bumped against the ceiling .
tr	PAST	I giggled , coming over to ruffle his hair and drape my arm over his neck .
tr	PAST	When he moved once again , sliding in and out of her slowly , she gritted her teeth and closed her eyes .
tr	PRES	Ethan walked into the room , hair still damp but fully dressed .
tr	PAST	Henry squinted at Walker .
tr	PRES	The risks of failure increase by the hour .
tr	PRES	" As my champion you represent the Queen .
tr	PRES	Well , at least not without totally creeping him out .
tr	PAST	To convince him that was all in the past , I scooted up and brushed my lips against his raspy jaw .
tr	PRES	" Matt Baker ? "
tr	PAST	She dialed her own number and groaned at the voicemail greeting .
tr	PRES	" We don 't know if that note 's from A , " Hanna mumbled .
tr	PAST	That al the blood in Seattle doesn 't have a price ? "
tr	PAST	He read it quickly , then crumpled it in his fist .
tr	PRES	" Coordinates embedded with this transmission .
tr	PAST	She looked at Alexander , his eyes hooded as he moved his hips beneath her , the voice in her head finally silent .
tr	PAST	It produced an awe in the captive audience that unhinged jaws and made eyes pop .
tr	PAST	As my entire body left the window seal , I extended my arms outward , eyes on the branch that I hoped to grasp .
tr	PAST	The tragedy reflected on the boy 's face burned into the eyes and hearts of all watching him .
tr	PAST	" Got lucky when it turned out that we were still in town .
tr	PRES	" You ... OK ? "
tr	PAST	I bounced off people and tried to open my eyes , but the gas was too thick .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat to an elderly lady and stepped aside so she could pass .
tr	PRES	They bow graciously , both men looking pleased with us .
tr	PRES	He holds the phone up to his ear , listening .
tr	PAST	Reaching up to the smuggler 's roughly bearded face , Cambria clinched his cheek for a moment .
tr	PAST	Jessica , who didn 't clean up her family 's messes or work too hard or get dumped .
tr	PRES	" He likes you , trust me .
tr	PAST	Picking up the picture , Karen caressed her thumb over the black wooden frame that housed the image , like she could somehow touch that day .
tr	PAST	The mobile vibrated while she listened to Prentice enumerating the options for police involvement .
tr	PAST	It was just a bad dream , he reassured me somberly .
tr	PAST	" Maybe you should just ask her why , " Michelle advised .
tr	PRES	She cured me ! "
tr	PRES	A tormented soul rises from the grave to avenge the brutal rape and murder of his girlfriend .
tr	PRES	He helps Jayme cook .
tr	PRES	She blames him for the stepfather , s rages .
tr	PAST	I stripped downstairs . "
tr	PRES	April lies beside me , and though she is quiet , I know she isn 't sleeping either .
tr	PAST	" Oh , come now , " she chided .
tr	PAST	Andra glanced at her arm , panicked that she might be bleeding .
tr	PRES	" You 're killers , all of you vamps .
tr	PRES	She sees me for what I was , for what I am , and I 'm dead set on fixing that .
tr	PAST	But her brother named her as Elizabeth Faulkner with her employer 's address on the envelope of his letter .
tr	PAST	Hurt lanced deeply , but she struggled to keep her composure .
tr	PAST	He dialed Amber 's cell phone , but it went directly to voice mail .
tr	PRES	She can 't be , ' I mutter to myself .
tr	PRES	" Sylvia ... " Zell softly tried to wake her .
tr	PRES	She just hauled ass .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on my ice cream as I took another bite of the chocolate layer .
tr	PAST	The authorities chalked these sightings up to mistaken identity .
tr	PAST	Embarrassed , I giggled and said , " Yeah .
tr	PAST	The other sixteen , all from top-ten law schools , received job offers .
tr	PRES	He sighs in response .
tr	PAST	" Move the cabinet out , " Jess instructed .
tr	PRES	Abraham , slice up your son for me .
tr	PRES	" Now about those sausages ... " " Just like the old cliché . "
tr	PAST	Zack saluted and put the request .
tr	PAST	" So , you wear the ties , " Anna stated , intrigued by this aspect of his character .
tr	PRES	" Look , can this wait until we 're not all freezing our balls off ? "
tr	PRES	" But everyone likes you anyway . "
tr	PRES	" The one who went mi -- " She doesn 't finish the sentence , but her bottom lip starts trembling .
tr	PRES	I slap his hand away .
tr	PAST	The knowledge taunted him constantly , laughing at his helplessness , driving him to madness .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed before adjusting my tone to sound calm .
tr	PRES	my mom finally whispers , her voice full of fear .
tr	PRES	You boil my blood .
tr	PRES	Colette returns shortly thereafter .
tr	PRES	An hour passes in which we spend talking about more human things and I sort of feel a little bit human again .
tr	PRES	Tracy throws open her hands , the gesture taking in our completely updated kitchen , connected to our massive living room and the vast foyer .
tr	PRES	" Our goddamn bikes ! "
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	As he spoke , his thumb glided over my neck , pausing at my rapidly beating pulse .
tr	PRES	He peels off the paper , studies the book , then slowly opens it .
tr	PAST	Turning back to the small mirror hung near my closet , I tugged my hair up into a bun .
tr	PRES	Every combination of initials imaginable .
tr	PAST	A Paramore song suddenly exploded from Emma 's bag .
tr	PRES	This condition only affects around 2400 boys in the UK , making it a rather rare one .
tr	PRES	My self-consciousness melts with his words .
tr	PAST	He stares at the wound and then traces its trail to the pavement .
tr	PAST	She limped noticeably , favouring her left leg or perhaps her hip .
tr	PAST	Her heartbeat sped up at the invitation in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Doubly now they exhaust me .
tr	PRES	" None of mine are quite as lascivious as yours , " Ty mumbled as he settled into one of the chairs .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches automatically for the gun on the table , and I glance down at my bandaged hip before carefully rolling on my side .
tr	PAST	It soon proved to be back-breaking work .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know how to do that , " I whimper .
tr	PRES	She never had one night stands .
tr	PAST	The crowd quieted , as they all looked to the knight : clearly this was a man who demanded respect .
tr	PAST	The fact that they 'd be so out of touch bothered him , too .
tr	PRES	Marcus stands near the machines that filter the water .
tr	PRES	" And Vera ? "
tr	PAST	He smacked his hand against the green grass .
tr	PRES	He 's not human , " Navi points out as Garo continues his slow march toward the trio .
tr	PAST	I sensed a smile in his voice .
tr	PRES	" A dragon ? "
tr	PRES	He likes long hair and a cute face . "
tr	PAST	Izzy fidgeted with her hair .
tr	PRES	" Something , " Amelia mumbled .
tr	PRES	I retort without pausing .
tr	PAST	That slowed him down . "
tr	PRES	" After first making them creatures of blood , then punishing their likely desire , how noble .
tr	PAST	She honestly desired to .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand from me and raised a brow at Ben .
tr	PRES	I revved the truck engine and threw it into gear again .
tr	PRES	" What an idiot . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " Scott mumbled .
tr	PRES	He reaches out for her hand but it is too late .
tr	PAST	He painted that portrait himself when she was three years old .
tr	PRES	If there 's any chance of making her feel better , it lies in you .
tr	PAST	She saluted to Premo as she joined him .
tr	PRES	Bride and groom arrive at reception site .
tr	PAST	The guilt of their deaths destroyed my father .
tr	PRES	He begins by taking inventory of the coins resting at the bottom of the fountain .
tr	PRES	The walkie-talkie buzzes with static as the guard calls his coworker to the desk .
tr	PRES	She looked to me and smiled , shiny white teeth gleaming , her springy , black hair bouncing up and down as she walked .
tr	PRES	His mouth barely opens so he can tease my bottom lip .
tr	PRES	" No , " Declan said , " Follow me . "
tr	PAST	" Never mind , " Hal mumbled softly as he shifted his loaded down weapons belt .
tr	PAST	Even the thought of safely seeing Riley lightened her mood .
tr	PAST	Tracing the pipe runs from beginning to end more than three times revealed something new each time .
tr	PRES	My boyfriend squints , almost imperceptibly , as his mind sorts this information .
tr	PRES	She stops for a second and taps the empty utensil to her upper lip , " What 's it for a girl ?
tr	PAST	I aired it for ten minutes and then decided to iron it .
tr	PAST	Pale shades of men and women shuffled their feet and wandered amongst one another , even passing through each other .
tr	PRES	Just lies about yourself , about your past .
tr	PAST	Cheering arose and the curtains opened .
tr	PRES	Dham lays back in the grass , chewing on a long stalk .
tr	PAST	A raven swooped overhead with an impatient caw , seeming to agree with the cat .
tr	PRES	She padded down the cool stone hallway in her bare feet .
tr	PAST	I stripped and upturned one bucket over my head .
tr	PRES	" Waiting for you , Coach . "
tr	PRES	He says , he loves this town and its people .
tr	PRES	Ian states the obvious .
tr	PRES	My fiancé ... " Adel tries to pull her to him .
tr	PAST	I exited the tunnel and found surrounding me a mass of these creatures .
tr	PAST	I 'D NEVER EXPERIENCED such quiet before .
tr	PRES	The camera pans back to Orion , who looks defiant .
tr	PRES	" Man , that was hard , " Ashe mumbled .
tr	PRES	He slides me a handful of strange nuts and berries , " Here , eat these .
tr	PAST	Why hadn 't I anticipated this would happen ?
tr	PRES	My father loves me .
tr	PAST	I thanked him again for the lovely meal and all but ran from the room , ignoring both Kiran and Sebastian .
tr	PAST	A set of narrow eyes pierced the darkness of the window -- the eyes of a dark man in a heavy coat .
tr	PRES	Magic is alive , it breathes .
tr	PRES	And her impeccable instincts .
tr	PRES	Anyone that snores as bad as you do deserves a break every now and then . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled through my nose . "
tr	PAST	Karen wept openly at the loss of her friends .
tr	PRES	Oliver tries to soothe him .
tr	PAST	Mostly just a lot of bigots mouthing off , if you ask me . "
tr	PAST	I cringed , swallowing the nausea back down .
tr	PAST	For now , " Mage hissed , her naturally serene demeanor cracking as her death grip on his neck prevented him from fighting back .
tr	PAST	He froze and his narrowed gaze flew across the room to the middle-aged waitress .
tr	PAST	Haven smacked into the floor and rolled behind a fallen pillar just as another box exploded .
tr	PRES	" She really misses Dad .
tr	PAST	Her rich light auburn hair glowed in the moonlight and her iridescent green eyes sparkled .
tr	PAST	Jonas inhaled sharply as pain stabbed through his temples .
tr	PAST	Luc and Mille collapsed on the side of the ditch , puffing clouds that obscured their features .
tr	PAST	Seth transferred his attention to the patch of golden curls between her legs .
tr	PRES	And then Gavin casually lays his arm over the back of my chair and his thumb rubs circles lightly on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	I marveled at it , a rare thing .
tr	PAST	The windows glowed yellow , and she could see the vague shapes of people inside .
tr	PAST	The lights around them leaped and danced to some silent music .
tr	PRES	" The extinguisher ! "
tr	PRES	I bury my face in my hands .
tr	PAST	" I 'm okay , " I gritted out , clenching my jaw to keep my teeth from chattering .
tr	PAST	Eyes as dark and mysterious as the forest sought hers .
tr	PRES	Greg loves Judy Garland so he did Over the Rainbow .
tr	PRES	That , plus the conversation I had with Di Luca 's servant this morning clears you .
tr	PAST	Jasmin announced them like they were arranged guests .
tr	PAST	Darius was right in front of me , his nose mere inches from mine , his arms boxing me in .
tr	PRES	Helen whispers in Latin , and I feel my mouth go dry .
tr	PAST	Trix 's cheeks glowed crimson from the attention .
tr	PRES	Turning my head to the side , I deepen the kiss and lean into Trick .
tr	PAST	Then they slapped us around a little bit for a minute , but it was really nothing .
tr	PAST	With the reduction of red wine and chocolate , he experienced a further reduction in headaches .
tr	PRES	Rhiannon allows me to communicate directly with her like I do with me mum .
tr	PRES	She glances to the side .
tr	PRES	In the end , fear cost me much .
tr	PRES	I lean through the doorway .
tr	PRES	Yes , UV light causes cancer too .
tr	PAST	" He lied to women to make them sleep with him .
tr	PRES	When no one in your family has any empathy with how your mind works , the loneliness of it kills off the sense of being loved . '
tr	PAST	She washed away all the dirt then caressed ointment into her skin .
tr	PRES	Water drips in through cracks in the glass .
tr	PAST	Most of them proved capable of telepathy on some level . "
tr	PRES	She returns the smile .
tr	PRES	A memory flashes through my brain .
tr	PAST	Leslie quickly exited the stage as Brady made himself comfortable in front of the podium .
tr	PRES	The knife digs into my skin , drawing blood .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my hand .
tr	PAST	He had other plans of his own , his powerful fingers grabbing the globes of my behind , kneading and caressing them .
tr	PAST	Adam and Diana both regarded the group unhappily .
tr	PAST	Sarah squinted her eyes at Rebecca glaring at her with warning .
tr	PRES	" No , you idiot .
tr	PRES	Before I can avoid it , he reaches out and gently touches my face .
tr	PAST	His mother clutched a bouquet that was a mixture of red roses and purple arrows .
tr	PRES	So much for keeping our infiltration of the raves under wraps .
tr	PAST	But he slapped shields around his leg and kept fighting . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you out on a day like this ? "
tr	PAST	I remarried and had another daughter , but there hasn 't been one day that I didn 't think about the one I lost .
tr	PAST	He cups my cheek in his hand .
tr	PAST	Jim exclaimed as he continued beating on the mook , " I 'm spending my energy on this bastard with all my might .
tr	PAST	" I went out with him , " Charlotte sniffed .
tr	PAST	Stagnant pools of noisome water reflected the black of coal smoke and the dreary sky .
tr	PAST	She zeroed her gaze on him and when he glanced back , obviously feeling his neck hair dancing , their gazes met .
tr	PAST	After he hugged his brother , Alexander continued , Jagger extended his hand to me .
tr	PRES	" Just two lonely people in the desert . "
tr	PAST	Just committing this moment to memory , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Aunt Constance countered with a question .
tr	PRES	Heads bow in reverence at the mention of the first mermaid .
tr	PRES	" I love you too , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , putting the boy out of her mind .
tr	PAST	The Eurostar from Milan coasted into the station , on time as always .
tr	PRES	" I hate being sick , " Aspen mumbled .
tr	PAST	Patch sat in a chair in the corner , his chin propped on his fist .
tr	PRES	I freaked out . "
tr	PRES	They expand in every direction .
tr	PAST	With each new Elite we recruit , I learn , experiment , and record .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed a deep , scary red .
tr	PAST	His hands urged her closer , and she went , standing between his legs while his palm found her wet channel , pressing heavily in exploration .
tr	PRES	Or at least what remains of it . "
tr	PRES	About the warlock FRU agent who 'd helped bury Chan .
tr	PAST	Serenity dreamed of being a child , of her mother stroking her hair and putting her to bed .
tr	PRES	" Did she feed at all today ? "
tr	PAST	Monique extracted the paper from her purse .
tr	PRES	And the deeper the attachment , the more hurtful the row . "
tr	PRES	Julian whispers , finding my hand in the dark .
tr	PRES	Blake 's shout jerked Gavin back to the present .
tr	PAST	Janet slapped a hand on the counter .
tr	PRES	" But not too much , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" See , it folds back into a flat bed .
tr	PRES	My jaw pops as I stagger into Delilah and accidentally knock her to the ground .
tr	PRES	" The La Push gang . "
tr	PRES	His radiant smile stops my heart .
tr	PAST	The front door of the house smashed open .
tr	PRES	This one holds a time description and location information .
tr	PRES	I confess I am most anxious to hear about your dear mother .
tr	PAST	Wet heat slapped her skin with the unwelcome rise in temperature after her chilly air-conditioned ride .
tr	PAST	Someone tugged at his sleeve .
tr	PRES	She chuckles and gives a rueful shake of her head .
tr	PRES	The pond appears to float above the paper , clouds moving across a blue sky , bushes swaying , a fish jumping .
tr	PAST	He related it all . "
tr	PAST	The creature crumpled to the ground , finally at rest .
tr	PRES	" What about the boy germs ? "
tr	PRES	And now my dad hates my mom .
tr	PAST	I cleaned my feet and started mopping the floors all over again saying thank to the Lord for the message .
tr	PRES	" Such a bad tradition , " Cronus mumbled .
tr	PAST	I giggled in absurd excitement .
tr	PRES	Blood drips from her head .
tr	PRES	But then she snorts , and I realize she 's laughing .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to the balcony , prepared to reprimand the intruder .
tr	PRES	" I know that , " James snaps .
tr	PRES	" My cue to soak away my troubles .
tr	PAST	A shiver invaded Kate 's insides .
tr	PRES	He wraps one arm around my back and holds his other hand against my head .
tr	PAST	He flicked a contemptuous glance up at the roof of the litter , then said , " If you please , ladies , strap in .
tr	PAST	As we drove to the station , the radio buzzed with static and updates on calls .
tr	PRES	And Viola falls - " NO ! "
tr	PAST	" All my life I 've seen my dad screw around with women and throw them aside as if they meant nothing .
tr	PAST	He pitched over on his side and closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	It stops things bleeding . "
tr	PRES	But when it was a super-hot guy tel ing me that , it didn 't leave me al warm and fuzzy inside .
tr	PAST	The cells bunch together and form a glob that finally gets swept along with the flow of the returning blood .
tr	PRES	Clay James Hobart . "
tr	PAST	The image of her standing over him brightened to the point of blindness .
tr	PAST	I anticipated him to press against me so I could feel the full effect of what I was already experiencing .
tr	PAST	" Shut up and go stand in front of the car , " he stated .
tr	PAST	You never bore me .
tr	PRES	" We had a great time , " Zeph sums it up .
tr	PRES	" Such a shame . "
tr	PAST	Only two hours ago , she dialed online so the girl could check email in privacy .
tr	PRES	" What about our book project ? "
tr	PRES	He opens the can with the bit of metal Kyla had armed herself with previously and then hands the can to her .
tr	PAST	She crawled across the couch and resumed her spot under his arm .
tr	PRES	" Cell towers , satellites , land lines .
tr	PAST	It reflected in the confidence in her voice .
tr	PAST	She thanked me and I grabbed our bags .
tr	PAST	Ari 's breathing deepened and Rafe knew he could take her right where she stood .
tr	PRES	Nate 's jaw muscles twitch .
tr	PRES	" Son of a - " I blurt before I even think .
tr	PRES	She tries to conjure up a fitting answer to his question , but she can 't .
tr	PAST	They smelled too , like days upon days of sweat and urine all piled into their armpits and crotches .
tr	PAST	She emerged from a very hot , very long shower feeling almost rested .
tr	PAST	When she staggered back and landed on her bottom , surprise and shock stripped her of every perception but the corpse .
tr	PRES	It helps keep the Empire running smoothly . "
tr	PRES	The guard mumbled something , and Hart yanked open the door .
tr	PRES	Before I can say a word , the movement occurs again .
tr	PAST	When the song was over she collapsed on the stone , happy and out of breath .
tr	PAST	But every moment the infection claimed more of him , and soon it would take his soul .
tr	PAST	I regarded him in silence for a moment .
tr	PRES	The IOF jewelry you wear around your ankles causes us much distress , Uncle .
tr	PRES	Grinder likes his house swept before anything else is done .
tr	PAST	She dumps the bags unceremoniously on the counter with a huff .
tr	PAST	The man upstairs retreated inside , and the scene of the Deputies calling for him to come out repeated itself .
tr	PRES	" No one in their right mind ever allows themselves to acquire that ward .
tr	PAST	He abandoned the papers he 'd been sorting and left me standing there to assess the magnitude of the mess we had .
tr	PAST	If this guy doesn 't like my tone , he can be the one to move along , " Anakin tipped his glass over onto the bar .
tr	PAST	He desired to be so regarded that no special mark of favour should be needed .
tr	PAST	Domino scooted backwards under the brush and pressed herself into the mud too .
tr	PAST	They shuffled toward the bench , their shoulders low , scooping up more balls as they went .
tr	PRES	" How about the second greatest ? "
tr	PRES	I wince at the heat , then scramble frantically away .
tr	PAST	She wriggled in the seat .
tr	PAST	Auron leaped to the side and the tribesman 's fist plunged into the tree branch .
tr	PRES	He winks and starts walking for the exit .
tr	PRES	All of a sudden , the dark wolf stopped , lay down , and rolled over , baring his throat and belly .
tr	PRES	Maggie watched the man with her , his bowtie limp but still attached at the throat .
tr	PRES	" Then I 'll get lost with you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" Jonah ... " Mage muttered , her lip curled in disdain .
tr	PRES	" I 'll get these up as widely as possible , " he offers .
tr	PRES	Sometimes I sell artifacts . "
tr	PAST	If it 's that bad why don 't they just split up , period ? "
tr	PRES	Sarah tries to squeeze past me and drag Ella 's body out from beneath him .
tr	PRES	It still rattles . "
tr	PRES	" What about seeds ? "
tr	PAST	His gaze bore into me , challenging me to show just how much his proximity blew off any sense of self-control .
tr	PRES	Perhaps they blackmailed him .
tr	PRES	He points at the closet door , his eyes returning to the screen .
tr	PAST	She writhed against him , her body on fire for him .
tr	PRES	Mom sighs , and I pull out clean underwear and pajamas , wanting to rinse off in the shower so I can go to bed .
tr	PRES	He even tests his own sugar with supervision .
tr	PRES	Beth tries to hush me , probably because she thinks people will hear , but I know this vehicle is soundproof .
tr	PRES	The two kids freaked when they realized they were back at the cabin .
tr	PRES	" Chicken " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	Duke whispers , nodding his head to where Laila 's dad had been standing .
tr	PAST	A plastic diver trudged along the bottom , trailing bubbles .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side and viewed him in obvious question .
tr	PAST	" Turns out I just fractured a bone .
tr	PRES	He sees himself as a rabbit , which is probably why his guide described them as such .
tr	PRES	Chapter Fifteen No threshold , which was good .
tr	PAST	I handled a party and Jenna all in one night without losing it .
tr	PAST	Days washed by waiting for their drummer Brian to avail himself for rehearsal .
tr	PRES	The platform fills with new people getting off the train , so I switch to some more familiar tunes .
tr	PAST	He tugged at the ends of his jacket sleeves , trying to straighten out the material : he detested looking scruffy .
tr	PRES	" I know he has problems , " I drag my butt off the bed and look around the room for my purse .
tr	PAST	She somehow sensed his need before he told her , because she moved her arms behind her back , aligning her wrists along her spine .
tr	PAST	Now , to answer Rico 's question , she hedged a little .
tr	PRES	That warrants special consideration . "
tr	PAST	Fergus stomped over to the other side of the platform so he couldn 't see them .
tr	PAST	His long , wavy blond hair floated around a face that appeared about forty in human years .
tr	PAST	An electric silence vibrated between them , arcing and spitting tension .
tr	PAST	Falconer extended a steaming cup .
tr	PRES	The King 's black eyes settle on me .
tr	PRES	No one hears from him again .
tr	PRES	But he belongs to my firm . '
tr	PRES	These tectonic plates rub against each other under New Zealand and specifically under Wellington where three major fault lines converge .
tr	PRES	On my ears and wrist were green earrings and a bracelet , birthday presents she 'd bought for me earlier at the mall .
tr	PRES	Echo glances at me and probes her cheek with her tongue .
tr	PAST	Lucius never slowed as we descended a staircase .
tr	PAST	" It 's difficult being married to a lawyer , " Peterson announced to no one in particular .
tr	PAST	The echo of their voices bounced off the weathered brick walls of the small dark tunnel along the path .
tr	PAST	She stiffened under the insult .
tr	PRES	A trail of light brown hair draws a path over his belly before disappearing under the waistband of his pants .
tr	PAST	He lifted his head to force her gaze to his , his expression still tormented .
tr	PAST	His stomach rumbled , violently .
tr	PRES	She winks , confirming it .
tr	PAST	She massaged her temples , willing away the tension headache building .
tr	PAST	A few hours later that night a scream of pain and surprise shattered the silence of the dark village .
tr	PRES	He offers me his arm and takes me back the way we came .
tr	PRES	" A rich sham . "
tr	PAST	So he inhaled as deeply and imperceptibly as possible to steady his pulse , releasing the breath on a slow , silent , not quite steady sigh .
tr	PRES	Even now , my record remains impeccable , but I did not feel entirely accepted .
tr	PAST	You have now commenced your journey of redemption .
tr	PRES	I don 't know what 's taking so damn long , " the woman mutters , her eyes never leaving her quilt work .
tr	PRES	" My ankle . "
tr	PRES	" Art ... " I mutter .
tr	PRES	At least this way he respects me .
tr	PRES	" I warn you now .
tr	PRES	Her ' Serenity ' necklace .
tr	PRES	" Even his daughters ? "
tr	PRES	Laila stops at a car , pulls out her lipstick , and bends over to use the side mirror .
tr	PRES	" Durand doesn 't really want a son hanging on him , he just likes to make trouble and get money out of Dad .
tr	PRES	" Ridley , I don 't think you belong in here . "
tr	PAST	He scribbled on a slip of paper and handed it to me .
tr	PAST	Teeth exploded from his mouth , flying in every direction .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her walker to allow the door to open wider .
tr	PRES	At the courtyard of the old pillared courthouse Shelton hears the European Union flag snapping in the smoky air atop a dome of copper .
tr	PRES	Soon her fingers were tightening around his wrist , her nails cutting deep .
tr	PAST	She giggled , nervous but determined .
tr	PRES	Part of me dreaded it .
tr	PRES	that tends to cut through the red tape and gets people 's attention . "
tr	PRES	His sculpted chest rose and fell with steady movements , nipple rings gleaming in the dim light .
tr	PAST	It was much like Tom 's current situation but unlike Tom , I had an old friend in the CIA , a tech geek named Jamie Mason .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Sterling extended her hand to me .
tr	PRES	" She loves me . "
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at her .
tr	PRES	When the litter of kittens is born , fate guides the kitten 's current owner to take them to a pet shop to find homes .
tr	PAST	" Howard , you ceased being important to me when they froze your assets .
tr	PRES	Realm 's hand slides away from my breast , and he turns me toward him .
tr	PRES	The officer concludes getting in to the driver 's seat .
tr	PRES	" Conn College . "
tr	PAST	Preparing for bed , he exited the bathroom after brushing his teeth to see Sibyl sitting cross-legged on the bed wearing another one of his t-shirts .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Hamilton launches right into her lecture , not even bothering to take notice that she has a new student in her room .
tr	PAST	She screwed up her lips and gave him her tough girl look .
tr	PRES	Because I had misjudged Phillip in the past .
tr	PRES	After removing a few pieces , the patches slide apart and the window disappears .
tr	PAST	Alcide propped himself against the wall by my closet door while I dialed Sam 's personal number .
tr	PRES	Which he tries to cover it up with a " What ?
tr	PAST	Riddick tensed up as Chase pointed at him .
tr	PRES	I swivel around to face him .
tr	PAST	" As for what I did to Nicola ... I stole her petty cash and doctored a few of her accounts .
tr	PAST	Teagan flicked a hand toward me .
tr	PAST	The short chuckle that followed served to further infuriate Salem .
tr	PAST	He shuffled the pack solemnly , asked his customer to do the same , and began to set out the cards into an arcane pattern .
tr	PAST	When he reached the sand , he crawled on his hands and knees for a short distance before collapsing on the beach .
tr	PRES	Chapter Three Seth shone his flashlight through the hole in the door .
tr	PAST	Since I 'd already fitted myself for a pair of handcuffs , my mind groped for meaning and quickly found one .
tr	PRES	My back slams into Reagan 's dresser , hitting it hard enough to knock over an array of her glass perfume bottles .
tr	PAST	Then they merged and came rushing into the gap .
tr	PRES	" Kane , where is she safe and sound ?
tr	PRES	She wove her light through his to bind him to her .
tr	PAST	Claire slapped a couple of twenties in her hand .
tr	PAST	Her expression , however , revealed none of the inner turmoil she was experiencing .
tr	PAST	Destiny tugged at her , regaining the older woman 's attention .
tr	PAST	The UAS Army advanced toward the lake country of northern Idaho .
tr	PRES	He glares back at his father with even more anger than before .
tr	PAST	A couple of cries proceeded from his right in the woods and he dispatched of those villagers quickly .
tr	PAST	Dean motioned with his hand , and they switched from the death defying dance into a tight circle , chasing one another but never going anywhere .
tr	PAST	The silvery light reflected on the shifting water like a hundred thousand little mirrors .
tr	PAST	My heart sped up as I watched the profile turn .
tr	PAST	It really saddened me .
tr	PRES	I connect needles with reviving from death and always hate them because of this .
tr	PAST	The hole acted as an island within an island .
tr	PAST	Her cheek bore a long , thin gash , and she had a bandage tied on one forearm .
tr	PRES	" How about some dessert ? "
tr	PRES	I hates doin ' it this way ! '
tr	PAST	The ivory flower matched my dress perfectly .
tr	PAST	I dreamed that you were all in white from head to heel , with a long pale cloak flowing from those broad shoulders .
tr	PAST	Cage always massaged my head .
tr	PRES	What a prick . "
tr	PAST	Irene crumpled up the card quickly .
tr	PRES	He respects my ... I mean our father to much to just fool around with you . "
tr	PAST	" You 're going to be fine , " he stated matter-of-factly .
tr	PRES	I add the one I 'm holding to the collection , balancing it in the stand .
tr	PAST	Diapers cost a fortune , but infants don 't get potty-trained until they 're maybe two or three .
tr	PRES	" Show time , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And the Lu ? "
tr	PRES	" Such insolence enthusiasm , " the fox mumbled in an angry manner .
tr	PAST	" You drugged me ? "
tr	PAST	His hands flattened on either side of her body , sinking into the mattress , and he pushed up so that he wouldn 't crush her .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate me , witch .
tr	PAST	" You 've lied too . "
tr	PAST	Douglas trudged on ahead oblivious of her slipping and slithering behind him .
tr	PRES	She disappears from the reflection , followed immediately by a loud smack .
tr	PRES	Once again he glances back and forth .
tr	PRES	" Just make him come alive , Jesus , the way you made the birds come alive ! "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't they brave ? "
tr	PRES	I HAVE TO COME SEE U .
tr	PAST	He unzipped his black boots and pulling them off , revealing bare feet .
tr	PAST	He lied easily and I gasped .
tr	PRES	" Okay , she 'll be here in , like , five , " Micha announces , stuffing his phone back into his pocket .
tr	PAST	Sunshine cringed at his answer .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth at Sam .
tr	PAST	The car sped forward with a squeal , breaking her grip and leaving her in the middle of the parking lot .
tr	PAST	The line inched forward , and before I knew it we were presenting the burly bouncer with our IDs .
tr	PRES	Julie watched his gaze return to the invisible spot on the ceiling , his smile slowly fading .
tr	PRES	Beverly frowns , looks to her boots then glances back up at her former Captain , pursing her lips .
tr	PRES	Cruelty lies on the surface of this place .
tr	PRES	No alarms to worry about , either .
tr	PRES	Turns on the car .
tr	PAST	Mac adjusted the ladder so the end was sticking right into the window frame .
tr	PRES	I grumble and grab for the can of ether .
tr	PAST	She averted her gaze .
tr	PRES	Again , not that she cared as long as he swept it aside and away ... ah , yes .
tr	PRES	Ryland flings me forward .
tr	PAST	Beth slapped a hand on the table as she stood , leaning toward Scribner .
tr	PRES	I drag the words out .
tr	PAST	A panicked voice pierces through my pain .
tr	PAST	She bore in that direction .
tr	PRES	Even after all this time , she still talks out loud to me .
tr	PAST	Jiao saluted and left .
tr	PAST	Laying back , I unfolded it and stared into those sapphire eyes .
tr	PAST	Somewhere , in the darkening edges that were the remnants of his mind , a starving mother wept for her undead and dead daughter .
tr	PAST	She sensed the power of the wrought iron , that the gate in one sense was purely ornamental .
tr	PAST	" Wasn 't he a cop with you a while ago ? "
tr	PRES	" Avery , " he snaps , with a be serious tone .
tr	PRES	Jill stands there with her arms folded , talking with a scientist and points at us .
tr	PAST	An even longer silence extended between us , and this time I truly thought I would get no response .
tr	PAST	my mom exclaimed as she entered the kitchen .
tr	PAST	She circled her hips , searching for it , but he only laughed and kept his strokes shallow enough to tease but not get her off .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Fitch ? "
tr	PAST	I giggled at the thought and Zane raised an eyebrow at me .
tr	PAST	Jenna exclaimed , smiling .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Radcliffe .
tr	PRES	" Any more visits from your dead husband ? "
tr	PAST	They underestimated the power of a parents love .
tr	PAST	The automated flying system proved to be much smoother than my manual attempts .
tr	PAST	One of the telephones on the desk buzzed softly .
tr	PRES	Pox touches his bruises .
tr	PRES	And she returns , only each time its worse . "
tr	PRES	" You flirting with me ? "
tr	PAST	Her eyes sought an answer .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat then looks down at my tablet .
tr	PAST	The sadness and loneliness in his voice bothered me .
tr	PRES	" You naughty girl .
tr	PRES	He remembers crawling to the perimeter of the enemy 's camp in the darkness and carrying Jack 's body three miles through the jungle .
tr	PRES	He points to two mid-sized supply boxes , stamped with a food logo .
tr	PRES	That afternoon as I 'm sitting behind the register doing homework and my mom is wiping down counters , she chuckles .
tr	PRES	" You nearly cried , " Grady announces .
tr	PAST	It proved to be the longest wait of his life before he finally met Page as arranged .
tr	PAST	In the orphanage I dreamed of having parents .
tr	PAST	" Not much new that I haven 't relayed to you in my letters .
tr	PRES	The cocksucker deserves a good tossing .
tr	PAST	I clipped on my walkie-talkie and lifted the cumbersome fanny pack from the floorboard .
tr	PAST	Who cleaned mad scientist lairs , anyway ?
tr	PAST	He nuzzled against her throat .
tr	PAST	Her legs slapped against him , jarring him , but he didn 't release his hold .
tr	PRES	Then he digs into his pocket and takes her hand and slaps three blue pills into it .
tr	PRES	" Carry on Doctor , " Jason states .
tr	PAST	Now I perceived everything .
tr	PAST	Ever since I visited it last time , I dreamed that we could return there together .
tr	PAST	He cringed at the thought .
tr	PAST	She claimed it was just a flu bug , but she flinched whenever he touched her .
tr	PAST	She reflected a moment longer .
tr	PAST	' Er ... some tomato sauce , maybe ? ' '
tr	PRES	" You clumsy fool ! "
tr	PAST	Maybe , he just seized them from another clan .
tr	PAST	Her heart sped , and a sense of fear rose up .
tr	PAST	He tugged the bill of his hat lower and pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	She served the ladies first , then walked around to the other end of the table to serve the men , stopping next to Flynn .
tr	PRES	Busy pedestrians wove around them with annoyance .
tr	PRES	The taste of blood in my mouth and the sting on my lip brings tears to my eyes .
tr	PAST	" Maybe , " Debbie sniffed .
tr	PRES	Says he has something we need to see . "
tr	PRES	She wove her fingers into his damp curls , and she was gone .
tr	PRES	Being concrete it also protects the door from grenades being rolled in . '
tr	PRES	" And sometimes where they sell jewels and other pleasant things .
tr	PRES	" And the terms of the wire ? "
tr	PRES	My skin crawls at the sensation of touching him .
tr	PRES	Petra , may I introduce you to my assistant , Paulo .
tr	PRES	Both admirable traits . "
tr	PRES	Tyson supplies shooting me shut-up daggers .
tr	PRES	" She obviously loves him .
tr	PAST	" You see , " he exhaled .
tr	PRES	' Overload , ' he replied , grimly .
tr	PAST	He shuffled across the room , missing a step or two , and stopped beside Markman .
tr	PRES	" What about the earl ? "
tr	PAST	The satellite link provided a clear picture even this far from headquarters with all the scrambling .
tr	PAST	He propped his feet on a glass cocktail table and crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	PRES	All tubes and hard-wired .
tr	PAST	Mikhail tipped up her chin with two fingers .
tr	PRES	A sickening roll of my stomach lurches .
tr	PAST	I inched my hand forward very slowly .
tr	PRES	And once , when I touched it , he freaked out . "
tr	PRES	Gage slugs me in the stomach for even hinting at the idea .
tr	PRES	He releases the clutch and the truck rolls forward .
tr	PRES	This little piece of advice , coming from this man who could care less about anyone but himself , pushes me over the edge .
tr	PAST	Miranda slowed to look at him full in the face .
tr	PRES	She chuckles at this .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " Daemon said , his voice husky .
tr	PRES	At least I assume she went home . "
tr	PAST	All pounding hooves and leaping arches , they charged through the course , making quick work of the mammoth fences .
tr	PAST	In 1995 , they quietly resigned from the agency and moved to Montana with their three year old son .
tr	PRES	" You may dress the stuffed preppy part but you 're still a street kid at heart , " Ty teased .
tr	PAST	I also abandoned my plan of searching for the stairs .
tr	PRES	And two , I honestly think Xander needs to get his hands dirty , relax a little .
tr	PRES	Deciding to take charge for once , I lean down to gently nip his bottom lip as he opens his mouth to let me in .
tr	PAST	" You risked your life for me ? "
tr	PAST	" Well , sure Duncan we were only teasing ya ... " " Now , Douglas if you have a moment . "
tr	PRES	I about freaked when I saw Evan and Sara returning together .
tr	PAST	Dak bounced off him like the guy was made of solid stone .
tr	PAST	Nicolas sniffed back his tears , " Thank you , for reminding me of my mother . "
tr	PRES	" He likes to dictate to everyone .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand out .
tr	PAST	Almost abruptly they stopped , sniffed the ground , turned in circles , not obeying their handlers to move forward .
tr	PAST	As soon as those footsteps got close , I whipped a bolt into the hallway , hitting the Captain Morgan look-alike .
tr	PAST	" Think about it , " she instructed him again .
tr	PRES	My head falls from side to side and my eyelids drift shut .
tr	PRES	When it came back on , I was back in the water , the dark shapes floating around me .
tr	PRES	I already called the girls and they are on their way , " Quinton explains .
tr	PRES	" So , she confronted him .
tr	PRES	Bending forward I whispered into Jasper 's ear , " Easy , boy , easy . "
tr	PAST	At that moment , he emerged from the back room carrying a cardboard box .
tr	PAST	I doubted that his interest in the paper was a coincidence , but there didn 't seem to be a point in calling him on it .
tr	PAST	He palmed her back , bringing her against him , although his feet weren 't as steady as he would like right now .
tr	PAST	I froze in place .
tr	PRES	" That explains why we weren 't allowed to leave , but it doesn 't tell me why you are . "
tr	PRES	" But if he has Strain Twelve ... , " one of The Guardians breathes .
tr	PRES	Your ' exaltation ' thus remains unchanged unless the Hierarchy 's rearranged ; and native citizens of Heaven keep outsiders at the bottom of the heap .
tr	PRES	And tomorrow , it all begins .
tr	PRES	And then relay my observations to practically everyone . "
tr	PRES	" No problem , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	" So MIT emailed me today . "
tr	PAST	His cheekbones protruded , the cheeks beneath them hollowed , making the contours of his face more pronounced .
tr	PAST	The neon sign out front announced that they had a " vac cy . "
tr	PAST	I giggled and snuggled into her side .
tr	PRES	" Well , my ex ruined my life !
tr	PRES	She likes them , the way the homes fit together like interlocking blocks .
tr	PRES	The truth fills me with guilt .
tr	PAST	He even chased down and butchered the two or three who tried to run away .
tr	PRES	' Community ' project .
tr	PAST	The little girl wept .
tr	PRES	" Reservation , " Victor mumbled .
tr	PAST	The added ground travel delayed their arrival back at the temporary Capital .
tr	PAST	Charlie smashed out her cigarette in a thoughtfully provided ashtray and pulled Julia back into the crush of the ball .
tr	PRES	If there is a rule of silence , it applies only to the Brothers .
tr	PRES	Aiden called out , his voice hoarse and ragged .
tr	PRES	" I think I have to confront him , " Emma whispers as she feels an uncomfortable twinge of anxiety as she speaks the words .
tr	PRES	It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . "
tr	PRES	He barely talks to anyone in our family anymore . "
tr	PAST	Now she slowed and took to rocking up and down on the gentle waves that carried them along .
tr	PRES	March dives low on the other side , and they slice in unison as the monster makes a grab for me .
tr	PRES	She sees that none of the swords have hit its heart , if in fact , its heart is in the same general spot as hers .
tr	PRES	They disperse without adding anything else .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she begged .
tr	PRES	Valerie echoed , her laughter fading .
tr	PAST	Alfred fiddled with a lever on his chair which enabled it to recline .
tr	PAST	The wolves circled him , snarling , before they too made their move .
tr	PRES	In a few years after rigorous testing and development , a version of the invisibility cloak clothed the Air Force 's secretive spacecraft .
tr	PRES	On his last downward stroke , Alec lets his hands trail down to my hips .
tr	PAST	Turning abruptly , Jason stormed back into the house .
tr	PAST	He hopped to a spot right over the building , turning to mist before he became visible .
tr	PRES	" All that fuss about the men in a separate room .
tr	PAST	Steve , a Golden Glove lightweight boxing champion , commenced his attack with several fast jabs towards Simon 's face .
tr	PAST	Lia abandoned her spoon in the carton and leaned back on the heels of her hands .
tr	PAST	She crawled to the middle of the bed and curled up with a pillow hugged to her chest .
tr	PRES	He is trying to speak but can 't , " begged Toni .
tr	PAST	It shattered the peace and seemed to leave the entire world quaking along with it .
tr	PAST	I tugged on her hand to remind her .
tr	PRES	" Not my ship , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	A few insects buzzed here and there .
tr	PAST	Miriam exclaimed happily , and Dreamer nodded .
tr	PAST	" I lost my own mother , " he stated , leaving his tea untouched .
tr	PAST	The boy , Conor 's , revelation and subsequent speech by Finn destroyed that scenario in one swift , blinding moment .
tr	PRES	No one blames you .
tr	PRES	Six stands up , pleased by the idea .
tr	PRES	Gramps and I dig in , leaning over the engine .
tr	PRES	But then his grip on my thighs disappeared and he was above me , his red eyes gleaming in victory , his lips shining .
tr	PAST	Alicia nuzzled her chin into the filthy remnants of her stuffed rabbit .
tr	PRES	Her hair falls around her , brushing lightly over my thighs and stomach , and I hiss at the barely there touch .
tr	PAST	He trusted Corey and thought it only fair to be up front about what they were doing and why they were looking for Nesbitt .
tr	PRES	You sell the stamps , you give me the money , you lick the stamps and put them on the letters !
tr	PRES	And never , ever abusive .
tr	PRES	He returns to massaging my back again .
tr	PAST	A few seconds later a wolf charged out of the fog , streaking for the heavy undergrowth on Alanna 's side of the clearing .
tr	PRES	" What changes ? "
tr	PRES	" Everyone talks to me . "
tr	PAST	He steered along the narrowing road , her two-story white house breaking the monotony of flat road and fields .
tr	PAST	His face revealed nothing but rapt attention .
tr	PRES	She sees three men , two inside with her and the other standing in the door aiming a wicked looking gun at two women nearby .
tr	PAST	" She stole it . "
tr	PAST	Spotting a half open front door , Coincidence signalled towards a garden up ahead .
tr	PAST	The solicitor adjusted his glasses .
tr	PAST	Passing by a full-length beveled mirror , I faltered .
tr	PAST	The ruby red dresses matched the ruby sash Allie wore .
tr	PRES	He mumbled a thank-you .
tr	PAST	At the bottom the worst of panicked humanity unfolded as each individual fought the others for the lifeline .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	It was one he had taken from a friend in college , a woman named Arlene .
tr	PAST	Its fragile appearance proved inaccurate as it withstood the eleven foot beast 's falling weight .
tr	PAST	Henry identified one guy .
tr	PAST	We named her Nor - " " I don 't want to be reminded of her name , " his friend interrupted harshly .
tr	PRES	So much sadness in Talon 's eyes .
tr	PRES	" Another dragon ! "
tr	PRES	She floats at the top , watching the guards close in on the rest of the pack .
tr	PAST	Lambert , ever the diplomat , the mediator , intervened .
tr	PAST	She served Jeff a cup of coffee and asked Gustav if he wanted any .
tr	PAST	His beard rasped against her cheek , his mouth devoured .
tr	PAST	A couple of the guys perked up at the mention of porn , and Jimmy made an obscene gesture with the pool noodle .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she begged , and the muscles in her body pleaded with her , tightening around Damen 's cock .
tr	PRES	Guilt falls all around me , even though I 'm not the one to blame .
tr	PAST	She stood in the long line of pickers , a basket strapped around her shoulders , the weight of it on her back .
tr	PRES	" I assume this is the friend in question ? "
tr	PAST	Brent eyed him narrowly .
tr	PRES	" I know many men , " he states mildly .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you go crying now , luv .
tr	PAST	A boy of no more than fifteen charged up the center aisle with blood smeared all over his shirt .
tr	PAST	They thanked her and she followed her photographer swishing blonde hair and dark roots .
tr	PRES	As he says this , an awful thought strikes me and I sink to the floor .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and let the arrow fly .
tr	PAST	Junior belted out a snarl , responding to the spike of aggression in Aden 's veins .
tr	PAST	She claimed the truck keys and ascended the stairs .
tr	PRES	Fathers and Sons Chapter 44 .
tr	PAST	No gossip required . "
tr	PRES	In my mind the lab techs around me were converted into a bunch of would-be assassins and they were closing in on me .
tr	PRES	She stops short of me , gawking .
tr	PRES	Hayden folds his arms , clearly upset .
tr	PAST	Gaius sought to minimize the danger .
tr	PAST	The Secretary of Homeland Security received credible evidence of a possible terrorist attack on the city of Houston ... " Lenora had issued the alert .
tr	PRES	Sebastian roars down at her .
tr	PAST	Lori swirled the wine in her glass , but didn 't drink any .
tr	PAST	' Frances pretended to look surprised when Michael asked her to dance , but I wasn 't fooled for a moment .
tr	PRES	" Hard to believe it 's been fifteen years , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Beat cream cheese , raspberry juice , and sugar until smooth ; add melted chocolate .
tr	PRES	My heart stops beating altogether .
tr	PRES	" And that brings us to the littlest of the tenants . "
tr	PRES	" I have the distinct feeling that getting out is going to be a hundred times harder than getting in , " Joel comments .
tr	PAST	" You can 't escape this place , " Rose uttered .
tr	PAST	" I always treated my father 's servants with respect and kindness . "
tr	PRES	" Commander Geoff Wallace .
tr	PAST	He motioned for the lower study , and the three of them made their way quickly .
tr	PRES	He clutches mom while watching the spirit .
tr	PAST	And she dared not move her head so that he was touching more of her .
tr	PRES	" Told you the Divergent were crazy , " one of the other armed Dauntless mutters to the woman next to him .
tr	PAST	Long blades of grass glowed green around us , and white raindrops streaked down on us .
tr	PRES	His cherry truck that has a crooked smile and is up on blocks at his house .
tr	PRES	He sighs and grabs my hand .
tr	PAST	Lexi scooted sideways to make room for her .
tr	PRES	" And so the padlock ... " He nodded .
tr	PRES	He winks at me , pecks me on the lips and steps back .
tr	PAST	Becca slowed and turned left into a narrow dirt drive pocked with deep puddles .
tr	PAST	" That still isn 't terms for expulsion , " he announced while I concentrated on not hyperventilating at this new intimate position .
tr	PRES	" You mouse ? "
tr	PRES	Crawley stands up again and appears as if he 's actually going to speak this time .
tr	PRES	" So she did take it , " Madison mumbled .
tr	PAST	Pete 's tail wagged .
tr	PRES	" Everything ok with you and Knox ? "
tr	PAST	He crawled out of bed then stumbled as he tried to walk .
tr	PAST	I wriggled my fingers a little and he released me .
tr	PRES	' It holds so many happy memories and even now it remains pretty much our little secret .
tr	PAST	For once , Gascon refrained from muttering something about maybe Nicolas being different .
tr	PRES	Your car only seats two . "
tr	PRES	He reaches down and offers his hand .
tr	PAST	My warm gaze thanked her in ways I couldn 't show .
tr	PAST	" Over my dead body , " Josh countered , and rose to take the tuxedos and gowns from Randy .
tr	PAST	" The correct order , " Susan stated simply .
tr	PAST	Her heart jolted with excitement as his arms slid around her , and she was tugged firmly against his body .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the bottom of my dress , and with one swift movement , he pulls it over my head .
tr	PRES	In my room , cal ing up some girls we met the other night .
tr	PAST	Using a butter knife , I swirled the coffee and cream together as the fragrant steam hit me in the face .
tr	PRES	" You were having a nightmare , " she murmurs as she brushes hair back from my forehead .
tr	PAST	Alexia inquired of the creature .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into hers and she felt a tremble of fear as he assessed her .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and cleared his throat .
tr	PRES	" Chloe , sweetheart , it 's okay , " he murmurs as he dots kisses across my forehead and down my cheeks .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the book , but I turn to him , putting my hand on his chest .
tr	PAST	Or mailed them to me . "
tr	PAST	Hero grunted at her to take it , to join him .
tr	PAST	Marie balled her fists , glaring at her sister .
tr	PAST	Richard claimed the band in question , Iron Oxide , possessed timeless classic values .
tr	PRES	But a thought snuck back and lingered -- did Harry hold on because of her promise ?
tr	PAST	I dreamed about reuniting with Alexander , but I also couldn 't stop thinking about the maps Jagger had lying on his floor .
tr	PRES	" My family is , but don 't tell anyone please , " I begged .
tr	PRES	A lone , crystal-clear drop of water slides down the side .
tr	PAST	The overlapping footprints all merged at the entrance to the closet door .
tr	PAST	Daniel promptly chugged the water and pocketed the pistol .
tr	PAST	Timmy motioned to the sign on the front door .
tr	PRES	I envisioned the young men marching into the woods laden with electronic gear , fancy coffee makers and cartons of REI boil in a bag meals .
tr	PAST	" Umm ... " Ken produced an ambiguous grunt .
tr	PRES	Back inside Death Mountain , Rift promptly slows to a stop and collapses from exhaustion , heaving heavily as he strains to catch his breath .
tr	PAST	The enemy , mistaking this for a retreat , cheered and taunted the running army , heedless of the funneled cloud slowly descending upon them .
tr	PAST	Only true friends faked kidnappings so you would admit your feelings .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and gasped against the agony .
tr	PAST	He prayed the rain would hold off for another day or two .
tr	PRES	Rosa stands beside me , nodding at him .
tr	PRES	They were supposed to be endangered in these mountains , a population so sparse they were more of a myth than a fact .
tr	PRES	The woman she was today laughed in scorn .
tr	PRES	He stops me every time .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Nelson shouted in her high-pitched voice immediately she entered , a tall , plump , hairless woman .
tr	PRES	Alone in the big room , he stands looking out the windows for those few minutes , drinking fresh decaf coffee from a cardboard cup .
tr	PAST	He sensed I was about to lose it .
tr	PAST	The she-wolf regarded us suspiciously as we approached .
tr	PAST	He reversed and hit one of the men .
tr	PRES	' The echo . '
tr	PRES	Thick black smoke bellows up into the beautiful sky .
tr	PAST	The dance required that someone be the hunter and someone else be the hunted .
tr	PAST	He slowed to a creep as we neared the lighthouse -- going into a crouch and placing his finger on his lips to warn me .
tr	PRES	We sing to heal the earth .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in frustration , as he slashed a hand through the air .
tr	PRES	Fu ' yar falls to her kneecaps then lands on the floor sideways with blood flowing from her earlobes , eyeballs , and nose holes .
tr	PRES	A tiny green bug perched on her wrist , blinking erratically .
tr	PRES	Our eyes bulge out in surprise at the same time .
tr	PRES	He protects those he loves .
tr	PAST	But getting there and finding majestic structures of stone and places of Buddha images untouched and present on walls and ceilings .
tr	PRES	Fear begins the path to true darkness .
tr	PAST	I attempted to rip the cold metal away , yet it remained firmly in place , snaked around my arm .
tr	PAST	Mike froze at the stare .
tr	PRES	I relay Nathan 's instructions , and we sign off .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and nuzzle her neck .
tr	PRES	" My family loves you and that 's the problem . "
tr	PAST	As we neared the hospital , I prayed silently that my mother was alive .
tr	PAST	The explosion destroyed most of the front half of the building and injured dozens of people in the street , many of them critically .
tr	PAST	When they reached the doorway , she urged them inside .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Luke to follow him .
tr	PAST	He clutched his heart .
tr	PAST	" Right here , you little half-breed . "
tr	PRES	Above , branches out a thick net of modules kilometers long .
tr	PAST	" I heard , anyhow .
tr	PAST	He sobered with a shaky breath .
tr	PAST	" This is it , a perfect fit , " he exclaimed upon collecting his wits .
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the room .
tr	PRES	" One thing , it explains how Boyle knew I was ... you know . "
tr	PAST	Rick cringed , as he knew the guy had to be in pain .
tr	PRES	None of them , none of those blood slaves after you satisfied me . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm 22 , I make my own decisions , " I lied easily .
tr	PRES	John watched me , dark eyes inscrutable .
tr	PRES	Kevin 's alarmed tone stops me from dwelling further on my growing list of expenses .
tr	PAST	He hopped up on the edge of the pool , his jeans clinging to him as much as his shirt .
tr	PRES	Without any more hesitation , I swing my leg over the windowsill .
tr	PRES	" What a great protector .
tr	PRES	My mother hisses as she sops up the mess on the floor with a roll of paper towels .
tr	PRES	The one on the left shone with green leaves and bright flowers , and Clary thought she saw the glimmer of blue sky in the distance .
tr	PAST	Gaius flicked a dismissive gaze over the two .
tr	PRES	" Can you untie me ? "
tr	PRES	At first subtle , but growing more distinct , a thumping vibration rises under the stranger 's feet .
tr	PRES	" This woman tends to bring those idiots swarming .
tr	PRES	Something stank on ice around this and I was determined to find out just what !
tr	PRES	Shark returns the stare honestly - he 's ready to die if the choice goes against him .
tr	PRES	" Hey , don 't blame this on me , sweetheart - " Dougal broke in .
tr	PRES	" But the article ... " I point to the magazine he 's clutching in his fist .
tr	PAST	Zane 's voice boomed as he walked into the room .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she breathes , her mouth moving along my collarbone .
tr	PRES	Then she stands on her tiptoes and kisses me and for a moment everything seems perfect .
tr	PRES	The water pump hadn 't started lately , either .
tr	PAST	He prayed that silence didn 't cost lives .
tr	PAST	Savannah shuffled over to the electric tea kettle and prepared water .
tr	PRES	Which only enraged her further .
tr	PAST	I yell , clutching my hands tightly around the straps across my chest .
tr	PRES	That allows necromancers to use their death magic to bend the vampire 's will .
tr	PRES	A strange voice bellows from a distance .
tr	PRES	Jared mumbled under his breath and I gave him a death look .
tr	PRES	Serena recognizes him as the same werewolf that chased her the night of the excursion and as the one she watched confer with the king .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she lied at once , wondering how much she could get him to reveal .
tr	PAST	A half-smile curved Ryan 's mouth as he slipped out of his jacket and laid it over the armchair .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	Dale glanced quickly at Ice 's mom , then shuffled clumsily past the curtain , his lips pressed tight .
tr	PAST	They inhaled the sacred smoke of their fires and painted images upon their faces .
tr	PRES	" He deserves a break like this .
tr	PRES	Mmmm , " she teased .
tr	PRES	MacKenzie clears her throat .
tr	PAST	Lydia acted as Tessa 's maid of honor and Sadie was thrilled to be her bridesmaid .
tr	PRES	He sings it a couple more times then says , " What 's a milk man , daddy ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't question me , Darla .
tr	PRES	The locations range from Prince George to Yellowknife , and the photos all show the exact same thing -- snow and snow and more snow .
tr	PAST	Simone giggled as she glanced over to her two friends , who were trying to suppress their laughs .
tr	PRES	Everyone around the world loves your songs .
tr	PAST	As I strode to Lucius 's slumped , sleeping form , I dialed Michael .
tr	PAST	" Any controversy is good for the news business , " he hedged .
tr	PAST	How can you so unkind ?
tr	PAST	Jeremy secured the secondary rope under the commanding officer 's arms and had him grasp the primary rope .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and held the envelope in front of her .
tr	PRES	" Go to sleep , lass .
tr	PAST	The sexy swagger and casual air that were so much a part of him never ceased to amaze her .
tr	PRES	" Well , there in lies a problem .
tr	PAST	Her scent wavered between mistrust and shock , though , telling him as much about her internal struggle to digest this information as her thoughts probably would .
tr	PRES	The focus remains on the success rate of returners and containment of the worsening outbreak .
tr	PAST	His stomach shrank as he tried to take it back .
tr	PAST	" My last employer collected the unusual . "
tr	PRES	" It bothers you that she was here ? "
tr	PAST	An inkling of suspicion pricked me .
tr	PAST	Will eyed it fearfully .
tr	PAST	Harper eyed me strangely but turned back to the stage .
tr	PAST	She risked a glance over her shoulder and saw two more soldiers at the end of the street .
tr	PAST	" Don 't stare at my fat , " she chided , sounding self-conscious .
tr	PRES	The room around us buzzes , but it 's quieter than usual .
tr	PRES	He hates making mistakes .
tr	PRES	" Rather dangerous playing , Jess .
tr	PAST	" Baby , " Marcus slurred reaching for me .
tr	PRES	She mumbled into his pecs .
tr	PAST	A lamp shattered , fortunately not on her .
tr	PAST	She stifled a cry , not wanting Henry to hear her and come pounding on the door , demanding an explanation .
tr	PRES	She glances back and forth between the house and the car in my hand and finally she hurries back toward her house .
tr	PAST	I swipe the money off the table and stalk into the bedroom .
tr	PRES	Flames engulf the screen again .
tr	PAST	He swiped his arm across the desk and knocked the lamp onto the floor .
tr	PAST	" No , he claimed there was proof but then disconnected before he told me what it was . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , sleep on it , " he mumbled as he drifted off .
tr	PAST	" No crown even required . "
tr	PRES	The little trail disappears .
tr	PRES	And why the fuck not ? " "
tr	PAST	I mumbled , wanting to die .
tr	PAST	The ground churned and buckled , opening cracks along the surface .
tr	PAST	" I claimed them . "
tr	PRES	" She hates me . "
tr	PRES	Wearing gloves that let me relive someone else 's life .
tr	PRES	Jet holds up a water bottle and squirts water into his mouth .
tr	PAST	He prayed all the marine life remained equally spooked .
tr	PRES	He throws his arm around my shoulders , " Since you won , you pick the color seat . "
tr	PAST	Kelsey eyed Gage 's T-shirt .
tr	PRES	" But not enough to be in the ER three times in a month .
tr	PAST	Chapter 22 That evening , Tony looked to the sky above examining the stars , puzzled by what he saw .
tr	PAST	The color washed out of Nash 's face .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you to keep her safe , and you 're using her to get what you want . "
tr	PAST	Shivers chased themselves up and down his back as he looked into the face of a nightmare .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " Dare whispered .
tr	PRES	What brings you north of the Florida state line ? "
tr	PAST	" Oh , honey , it 's beautiful , " her mother exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , the door behind me slams shut with so much force that a picture hanging on the wall falls to the floor and the frame breaks .
tr	PAST	Without regard for my own health , I hopped off the ambulance and went running toward them .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	But during winter at least the mountain ranges of the Rockies collected feet and feet of snow upon them .
tr	PRES	" I recall , " interjected Vero , " That you fought with my father and I am quite sure that he wanted to kill you . "
tr	PRES	Mr. Yellow stares at me then back at Gary ( I hope he doesn 't mind me calling him that ) .
tr	PRES	After Ada was gone , Henry Meyer surveyed his employees , finally resting his steel gray eyes Caitlin , who was still shaking .
tr	PAST	Her voice wavered with fear .
tr	PAST	I installed a couple of antennae specifically to talk to Buck in New York and nearly a dozen across the country to California .
tr	PAST	He roughly adjusted the couch cushions into something marginally more comfortable and sat down angrily .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed she would have to fight cancer .
tr	PAST	But no one really tugged at the Creator of Life 's heart strings like his humans .
tr	PAST	What was left of him crumpled to the throne room floor .
tr	PAST	Michael sped up his flying .
tr	PAST	Easily sensing his pleasure , Shay teasingly circled the nipple until it hardened in reaction .
tr	PRES	He helps the children up the ladder to another waiting team member who will get them all organized and seated in the craft .
tr	PRES	Carrie gently pushes me to the front .
tr	PRES	She stares at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	Eats at it , destroys it .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to hurt anyone , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	The abbess 's nostrils flare in irritation , for as much as she longs to , she cannot argue with my logic .
tr	PAST	He chattered enough for both of them .
tr	PAST	I froze as that word flew through my head .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , everything slows .
tr	PRES	If the Elders don 't send you on the Honor Journey . "
tr	PAST	Two sets of arms circled around me and held me as I cried .
tr	PRES	" He didn 't say , Elijah .
tr	PAST	From below , as loud as thunder , a shrieking sound boomed that made him jump back and away .
tr	PRES	" Well , my loves , good luck and have fun , now all aboard ! "
tr	PRES	" He wants to see us , Mommy , but he can 't find us , " I mumbled against her skin .
tr	PAST	" I know , I know , " she sobbed , covering the page with her hand .
tr	PAST	Ruth replaced the picture on the shelf and tucked books in front of it .
tr	PAST	The smaller guy bounced off Chad like dry peas from the wall .
tr	PAST	We exited the stadium where waiting fans lingered for autographs , pictures , and whatever else they could get from us players .
tr	PRES	Carmine 's eyes were wide yet guarded , his mouth once again agape .
tr	PAST	I giggled and slid across the leather seats into the vehicle .
tr	PRES	The truth that had sat so closely on my lips now shrinks away again , buried underneath my fears .
tr	PAST	I pondered for the next thirty hours , unable to sleep , unable to force myself to read my schoolbooks .
tr	PAST	" Nick , " Hospitality 3000 announced .
tr	PRES	I shone my light ahead , its beam picking out the line where water met rock that was old when North America ground itself apart from Europe .
tr	PAST	I cinched the drawstring as tight as it would go .
tr	PAST	The sand clutched at him .
tr	PRES	However , vampires like getting presents as much as anybody .
tr	PRES	He changes the subject as he scoops up the last book and tosses it at me , " What did you stop by for anyhow ?
tr	PRES	" You could get in bed with me , " I mumbled softly .
tr	PRES	" Wasn 't that dinner divine ? "
tr	PAST	Daniel 's finger scribbled the air .
tr	PRES	The priest mumbled a toothless , mechanical response .
tr	PRES	She sees , offering her peace .
tr	PAST	Mom hacked at the cutting board .
tr	PAST	Chapter Thirteen Breedlove yawned as she stretched her arms above her head , and the blanket that kept her warm slipped to the floor .
tr	PAST	When he opened the door , the music charged forward , slapping her body and ears .
tr	PRES	Dax releases my hand as we take off running on the uneven , red ground that reminds me of the floor in the Cueva .
tr	PRES	" What brings our youngest Undine and her Caste Master here at this hour ? "
tr	PRES	The door to the dormitory opens , and Tris walks in , hair unkempt and eyes wild .
tr	PRES	Can I steal that ? "
tr	PAST	Keeley stiffened and looked away , though it was stupid .
tr	PRES	If your curmudgeon cousin Mark ever lets me back into the Strand . "
tr	PRES	" Magic lessons ? "
tr	PAST	He inhaled a deep breath and forced himself to meet her vexed gaze .
tr	PAST	It transformed into a wooden pier that forged into the bay , widened at its end into the circular platform where she was standing .
tr	PAST	" Okay , okay , " I caved , against my better judgment .
tr	PRES	The answer to the question remains to be answered .
tr	PRES	October officially begins the season of Halloween for Mary .
tr	PRES	She stood up , her nails digging into my leg as she scraped them down toward my knee again .
tr	PAST	Elijah waddled up behind them and squealed .
tr	PRES	Then the sounds warped into voices .
tr	PRES	" Please stay , Danni .
tr	PRES	" That 's exactly what I told them you 'd say , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	The door opens with an apology : " Sorry , I was just finishing my makeup . "
tr	PAST	Finally , he collapsed against her soft , lush body , completely spent , aware of her breath in his ear .
tr	PRES	Without even pausing for breath , she launches into a complicated story . "
tr	PRES	Before the accident on the moped his hair had started to get long , like a British rock and rollers , his bangs nearly covering his eyes .
tr	PRES	Don 't let the little things pile up , or you 'll regret it .
tr	PAST	Blue flattened the page to get a better look .
tr	PAST	Thunder boomed , shaking the trees , an ominous portent of trouble .
tr	PRES	Tim throws up his arm and nods his head without waking up .
tr	PRES	Never again would he bow down to authority , pinned down by rules and petty regulations .
tr	PRES	He reaches in and pulls out a familiar bag .
tr	PRES	Dane holds up the snake and yells , " I killed a snake . "
tr	PAST	Abby swiped the screen and her face was bathed in an eerie glow .
tr	PAST	She crumpled to the floor , gasping .
tr	PAST	As his arms were then roughly bent backward , immediately incapacitating them , he ceased struggling .
tr	PRES	" Lily already carries the Hulse family name , or have you forgotten ? "
tr	PRES	" Colonel Bill Clayton . "
tr	PAST	Emelia retreated and walked straight into a drunken man staggering towards the tavern .
tr	PRES	The media loves to hype up my life .
tr	PAST	My brother and I both transferred from Erudite .
tr	PRES	The king 's death begins to look more and more clear to me .
tr	PAST	The view is nicely bland from the rooftop , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" Right , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He whispers in agonising softness , " I did it to get away from him . "
tr	PAST	Brandon extended his wounded hand to shake .
tr	PRES	All possibilities exist at this moment , and pretty much in the same place .
tr	PRES	" Like that girl Bree in the meadow ? "
tr	PRES	" She sees her redemption , but the image angers her . "
tr	PAST	A small smile curved Haven 's lips at those words .
tr	PRES	The silence stretches between us .
tr	PRES	" Primary system function recognition enabled , " a familiar yet monotone female voice announces over the speakers .
tr	PRES	" Did I scare you , Miss ? "
tr	PAST	After I called Ralston and was told he was out , I dialed Mrs. Hill 's number with dread .
tr	PRES	" Don 't give him one , " I warn .
tr	PRES	I can see the part on the top of your head , " I teased .
tr	PRES	His gaze flicks to my neck where my pulse is throbbing .
tr	PRES	" I mean , you have dimples .
tr	PRES	Not wanting to play the ocarina until he knows just how close Link is , he holds it near his lips , squinting downward .
tr	PRES	March glances between us , obviously realizing that we share a secret .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's voice rumbled from the other side of the room .
tr	PRES	My words spill before I can catch them back .
tr	PAST	I hooked the necklace around my neck .
tr	PAST	He limped towards her with his gun held shakily and directed at her , muttering a string of curses .
tr	PAST	Conrad cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	" Charles is sick , " she announced at the breakfast table .
tr	PRES	Lily stares down the hall for a minute ; I 'm sure trying to come up with a good reason .
tr	PRES	He awakened and dropped off to sleep again .
tr	PAST	Her hands quickly cleaned the mess .
tr	PAST	Honey , could you give me a hand ? "
tr	PAST	" Here 's our girl now , " Donnie taunted .
tr	PAST	Every patient that had refused to return to the medication received the same notes added to their chart .
tr	PRES	Paul talks about you all the time .
tr	PRES	" So you feed on the villagers . "
tr	PAST	I squinted at the bottle 's insignia .
tr	PAST	" I 'm cleaning the wound , " Julia announced into the void .
tr	PAST	I trudged across the room and turned the lock .
tr	PAST	Anyway ... " Puck sniffed .
tr	PAST	" He bribed Captain Garrett , and then paid him off for the use of me .
tr	PAST	The hand scampered on the spot like an excited puppy .
tr	PAST	It required only a microscope . "
tr	PRES	I conclude with a simple " Proceed as planned . "
tr	PAST	Thirty seconds later , Kane crouched next to him , panting .
tr	PAST	Although he acted interested , he no longer trusted or believed anything that came out of his father 's mouth .
tr	PRES	How you get on de island , Cop ' um ? "
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on one elbow and gazed at me .
tr	PRES	" God loves you . "
tr	PAST	It , like , tricks your system for a while or something . "
tr	PRES	" Well , he sort of favors Riley . "
tr	PAST	I eventually caved to majority rule , but I did so with poor grace and a lot of mumbling .
tr	PRES	Ashley slams on the horn of the rusty old Pinto .
tr	PRES	Finally the tunnel begins to widen enough so I can walk without risk of being wedged and I find the darkness also begins to lessen .
tr	PRES	He took another drink when someone called his name , the sharp voice startling him .
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin up , scrutinizing her expression .
tr	PAST	Both donned extravagantly decorated hats and were carrying ruffled parasols that matched their outfits .
tr	PRES	" Molecular biology . "
tr	PRES	" The Second ! "
tr	PRES	" What the heck ?
tr	PRES	Much brighter than anyone else I knew .
tr	PAST	A cigarette wobbled between her fingers , spewed ash .
tr	PAST	He quickly dove into a row of bushes separating his yard from the next-door neighbors when he heard a voice above him .
tr	PAST	Howling creatures emerged from the night to join them .
tr	PAST	* * * Another gunshot resounded and Nicolas felt his clothes tugged by the passing bullet .
tr	PRES	" For the rest of my life , I will -- " " Baron . "
tr	PAST	He plowed a hand through his dark hair and exhaled .
tr	PAST	Nearly brought to tears , he freed it and lifted it from the water .
tr	PRES	" Dad lets me . "
tr	PRES	" He - " Realm stops dead and stares at me .
tr	PAST	I doubted she was actually over the situation with Neil , but sometimes you have to pretend to be feeling better to actually feel better .
tr	PRES	She 's probably half in love with you already , " Jane teased .
tr	PAST	The sense of premonition only deepened at the maid 's obvious unease .
tr	PAST	Zed cocked a bushy eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Praying for the tense air to crackle with something .
tr	PAST	I scrolled to the first set of numbers and letters .
tr	PAST	I scampered across the small kitchen , hiding behind a dishcloth and praying the coffee rain wouldn 't land on me to pull the plug .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not complaining , Georgie .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and thrust deep , her tight walls clenching around him .
tr	PAST	She crouched on a stone step in the pitch darkness and listened .
tr	PAST	She trudged over to the whale , shivering as the cold sand burrowed beneath her toes .
tr	PRES	At first the ship simply slows down but suddenly it explodes brilliantly and completely leaving an expanding debris field drifting toward the Neptune atmosphere .
tr	PRES	" Because now when that poor boy sees you , he pisses himself .
tr	PRES	In fact , the screen disappears : where once was interactive computer is now , once more , a simple beige wall .
tr	PRES	If there 's anything else she likes , please pass the information along .
tr	PRES	That smirk curves his lips again , slowly and sexily .
tr	PRES	Homecoming royalty , prom king and queen , ASB , best looking , most likely to succeed ... cue the finger in the mouth now .
tr	PRES	He could barely hear himself , a sensual stupor having taken over his brain .
tr	PRES	Nobody ever pays attention to me .
tr	PRES	His Majesty forgave me - " " For my error ! "
tr	PRES	The meat tastes very good , and we make our winter robes out of their hides .
tr	PRES	" From what I 've discovered , the Hunt uses the portals within the North Tower to travel to different hunting grounds . "
tr	PRES	" Just the leaches prey . "
tr	PRES	He gazes out at the gloomy rows of stalls , scattered with popcorn cones .
tr	PAST	The path curved this way and that .
tr	PRES	" When you work for the Chi the excitement never stops .
tr	PAST	He twirled his towel , thoughtful as he snapped it into the air .
tr	PAST	I willed the college girl to stand up , to say something .
tr	PRES	" We all do , Natalie .
tr	PAST	Brick hopped on to an armchair .
tr	PRES	" So feisty . "
tr	PAST	I cringed and hissed , " Get out . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , " the being replied , his voice half echo , half whisper .
tr	PRES	" To bury you . "
tr	PAST	Cobb 's normally sarcastic tones deepened , becoming serious .
tr	PAST	He sought out weaknesses , and she couldn 't show him any .
tr	PAST	The nine hour flight provided a time for us to catch up on much needed sleep .
tr	PRES	" A pile up of cars , down the road .
tr	PAST	He trudged along , taking note of the occasional rabbit and deer tracks .
tr	PRES	" He begs to be excused . "
tr	PRES	" The great right-wing conspiracy pays handsomely then . "
tr	PAST	I jabbed my finger into her neck .
tr	PRES	" Commander Pierce . "
tr	PAST	When I actually bothered seeing him .
tr	PRES	The town refuses to change .
tr	PRES	He holds up a paperback with a picture of a woman in a green dress .
tr	PAST	" I expect that 's Halley 's Comet , " Hawk volunteered .
tr	PRES	Donovan took a step forward , risking that " Evie " wouldn 't tuck tail and run , the child hauled over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	" Alistair designed the virus , and he made sure there was a cure in case he accidentally got infected . "
tr	PRES	" And like all madmen , he fails to see the world as something outside himself .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips to mine briefly .
tr	PRES	The smile of a man who is faster than blue blazes , and knows it .
tr	PAST	Bugs droned in response along with the low hum of the idling plane engines .
tr	PRES	The leader whispers , " Tightening the noose . "
tr	PRES	What about Ashley ? "
tr	PAST	Hero slapped her hand down , and politely saluted the humans .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over me .
tr	PRES	Ballerinas , devils , elves , witches , warlocks , and vampires .
tr	PAST	Then after he learned of Richard 's deceit , he experienced the blackest , vilest form of anger imaginable .
tr	PRES	Vinnie likes his privacy . "
tr	PRES	" And the lawyers are negotiating for that , and billing the House like its going out of style , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	" I did not pick a fight , " Gregori denied .
tr	PAST	Her tears only served to enrage him further and he turned himself on her .
tr	PAST	A masked man in all black grabbed Rikki , he hollered out at the top of his lungs .
tr	PRES	If we say yes to one , it opens the door to another and another .
tr	PAST	When he stepped aside she was real and in front of me , no longer a memory , smiling with arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	" Get him up , " Nolen stated as he walked in .
tr	PAST	The amazing white gown was long-sleeved with a high neckline and lace bodice , the skirt layered in silk organza with tulle petals .
tr	PRES	In the daylight she shone a silvery rose and at night , magenta .
tr	PRES	He eases it up to the microscope .
tr	PAST	The family he had crashed into kindly propped him up again .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I shout , taking off at a dead run .
tr	PAST	The lines near Pate 's eyes deepened .
tr	PRES	" That 's not true , " I mutter stubbornly .
tr	PAST	The place buzzed with tourists , a chaotic hum of sights , and sounds .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you back to Rome , Cammie ? "
tr	PAST	A few minutes later , Kylie sensed others around her .
tr	PAST	She mumbled to herself in obvious exasperation as she snatched the heavy pan off the burner .
tr	PRES	I scratch behind my head and wonder if I should ask or not .
tr	PRES	Everything about that prophecy points to bad things and worse things .
tr	PAST	He selected one from among the pumpkin family , and picked up his tools .
tr	PAST	They created wholly artificial markets for some artists who would otherwise have slipped into oblivion . "
tr	PAST	She nuzzled the kitten again .
tr	PAST	My heart seized at the look on her face as she drifted off .
tr	PRES	She glances at me , her big eyes making me feel like I 'm falling into her .
tr	PAST	In a fraction of a second , Sam 's ghost vanished into his body and Sam arose .
tr	PAST	They all treated him well , which kept him from getting too frustrated , but things like this courtship made him feel small and insignificant .
tr	PRES	With trepidation , Amy slowly shone the light in the direction Celia was pointing .
tr	PRES	" What shots ? "
tr	PRES	The boy brings his flowers to me .
tr	PAST	He taps three fingers gently , almost affectionately atop the bird 's head as he rises to his feet again .
tr	PAST	My skin is being tugged .
tr	PRES	" Don 't think about that right now , Abby .
tr	PAST	" I should be back before sunset , " he rumbled , and with that moved off into the shadows and was gone .
tr	PAST	Light pierced into the obsidian darkness with a sword 's blade .
tr	PAST	I barreled out of the rows of books and into the main room of the library like I was being chased by a demon .
tr	PAST	Now that the service was to begin , the screens froze on a great picture of him standing out on his farm with his family around him .
tr	PAST	A pounding heart slowly subsided as Bark gulped away his fears and felt as though perhaps he was wrong .
tr	PRES	What kind of seeds ? "
tr	PRES	" Nash , I - " " Shh . "
tr	PRES	When Hank wasn 't around , Millie teased him .
tr	PRES	Outside , the air was cold and quiet , scented with car exhaust .
tr	PAST	The twelve year old sobbed once and held out her arms , needing comfort .
tr	PAST	I mopped at my face with my hand .
tr	PAST	I quit keeping score a few years ago . "
tr	PAST	DNA analysis revealed that the subjects are , in fact , male and , apparently , are not the product of any sort of cloning experiment .
tr	PAST	He even attempted a smile .
tr	PRES	She climbs the path spiraling up to Chang ' e in quick , long strides .
tr	PRES	" Lord Spirit ? "
tr	PAST	The other kids unleashed the last of their snowballs and ran to him to see what had happened .
tr	PRES	After a moment , he opens his mouth and his voice cracks .
tr	PAST	She screeched in pain as her head and hands slammed into the cold marble floor .
tr	PRES	' You liars ! '
tr	PRES	I lean down to put the knife back in its safety drawer and stand to move toward the bar exit .
tr	PRES	He seats himself in a cushioned chair near the edge of my bed .
tr	PAST	He grunted with each step .
tr	PRES	I recall seeing a rather large , mythical looking lotus flower floating effortlessly in the water .
tr	PRES	" But I want to see more ballerinas , " Maddie mumbled .
tr	PRES	I slap his arm and he laughs softly .
tr	PAST	Edwina thankfully pretended she hadn 't heard a thing .
tr	PRES	Then he rips her arms down behind her and slaps handcuffs on her .
tr	PAST	I stomped to him trying to look as pissed as I was , an endeavor which I was pretty sure succeeded .
tr	PAST	Jake replaced the crackling sword it its sheath .
tr	PRES	Called the nymphs , River trolls .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed I was eating pancakes . "
tr	PRES	She stepped out then , her rifle up at her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PRES	" Pain ... , " I yell then shift my bandaged left arm .
tr	PAST	Her skin glowed , her hair was thick and lustrous , her eyes bright and clear .
tr	PAST	I pricked up my ears and stayed hidden in the tall grass . '
tr	PRES	" She tends to get angry when she 's terrified .
tr	PRES	He scoots his chair forward .
tr	PAST	A white picket fence created a nicely squared yard around the farmhouse .
tr	PRES	Earth refuses to give you free saunas and tickets to rock concerts ! "
tr	PAST	He slightly cocked his head so that I could see his profile .
tr	PAST	Lips pressed together , the young woman eyed her path to the horse then down toward the boulder , nodding her head suddenly .
tr	PAST	Their parents abandoned them and they don 't have any relatives they 're close to . "
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed with humor .
tr	PAST	I trudged on , thinking of nonsense .
tr	PAST	It exploded in a huge , sudden fireball and sank in eight minutes flat .
tr	PRES	So I drag the impossible vacuum out of the closet and get to work .
tr	PRES	" Might I ask your name , honored sir ? "
tr	PAST	Using Craft , Karla floated a mug over to the bed .
tr	PRES	The beast hisses , and a wall of vapors surround it before it evaporates into thin air .
tr	PRES	Robbie stares at the photo of Christa McAuliffe smiling with her mission helmet alongside her back-up crew member and an American Flag .
tr	PRES	He stops looking at the sky and turns to Cal .
tr	PRES	For a moment , Sean just breathes .
tr	PRES	The Mog flips over me and goes smashing through a coffee table .
tr	PRES	" A swim ? "
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled lightly .
tr	PRES	Reaching out , Sergei lays a hand on mine .
tr	PRES	So do what you like , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Security uses against us the same weapons employed against the criminals .
tr	PAST	Her head tipped back , exposing the pale , graceful column of her throat , her writhing emotions dissolving into bliss .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his dress jacket and they ran through the woods , dodging branches , leaping over obstacles , following the signs .
tr	PRES	He chuckled , those cute dimples returning .
tr	PAST	I just about convulsed when he said that .
tr	PRES	I tuned Lia out and looked at the box .
tr	PAST	His wife cleaned the place spotless , he says , and she 's looking forward to going home just as we are .
tr	PAST	They served us well .
tr	PAST	Instead , the witch hunters brandished their accusations and condemnations .
tr	PRES	He holds up the keys in front of her face .
tr	PRES	" No tricks . "
tr	PRES	I swing around gracefully then drop my mouth with some dripping saliva .
tr	PAST	The comforts of her heart had wavered many times before , but she always instead could fall upon Beorn 's hope .
tr	PAST	Laying her on her side , Marcus untied her hands , rubbing her shoulders and arms when they tingled as the blood returned .
tr	PRES	" It 's about time you noticed , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Marie acted so matronly that it was easy to forget she was only in her early sixties .
tr	PRES	She opens a bag that I did not see her carrying and begins throwing something into the water .
tr	PRES	She clutches her books against her chest .
tr	PRES	Cordelia whispers to Sasha , and recognition dawns on her face .
tr	PAST	His throat convulsed and he swallowed .
tr	PAST	Destiny sensed the danger behind her and whirled , going low , attempting to jerk her shoulder out of harm 's way .
tr	PRES	I add in a scoff for good measure .
tr	PRES	A signal that some of those kids would survive .
tr	PAST	Ryker pinched his lips and brows .
tr	PAST	Allowing himself only a few precious seconds to taste her , he swiped his tongue over the wound again , only allowing it to clot .
tr	PAST	Soon the combatant nations banded together into two sides , each thinking that they would inevitably conquer .
tr	PRES	He deserves a proper burial , yes , but nothing more .
tr	PAST	Chapter 38 It was a quiet , unassuming bar on the corner of the street , with a chalkboard sign outside the door that displayed the hours .
tr	PAST	He tugged at his already loose collar to no avail .
tr	PAST	Instead , he meandered through the empty halls , twisting the ring on his middle finger .
tr	PAST	Or let me borrow a knife and I 'll end his little bedtime story , " Chairman Z screeched .
tr	PRES	" Girl , " it whispers , making me shiver .
tr	PRES	Now they shone brightly with something else , a deep inner need and strength , even a schoolgirl could see its meaning .
tr	PAST	They scored on the opening drive of the second half without throwing a pass .
tr	PAST	She froze when she recognized me .
tr	PAST	His hands roughly caressed her through the material of her dress , driving her wild in a way only he could .
tr	PAST	In wonder , I flattened my hand out , gripping at my belly .
tr	PAST	Sarah 's voice faltered .
tr	PAST	The nodule split and broke , coming apart in both hands .
tr	PAST	I generally preferred the lighter stuff , PBR because it 's what I grew up with and not for hipster purposes .
tr	PRES	" Meara , you look fabulous ! "
tr	PRES	He opens the laptop and brings up a document titled Articles of Incorporation .
tr	PRES	" XO , the event horizon is pulling us through , we cannot reverse , space time is already warping , " Warrior 's voice states hopelessly .
tr	PRES	Something pricks at my eyes and breaks my knees .
tr	PAST	" Then quit using words like feed and your kind .
tr	PAST	It floated away from the shore and off into the distance .
tr	PAST	Instead , I pretended I was okay .
tr	PAST	Shadows crawled along the surface , like secrets fighting their way out .
tr	PRES	It allows you to see and feel me even during the dark hours . "
tr	PAST	" Wel , I lied to you . "
tr	PRES	This predicament only being because he had not yet concluded what to do with him .
tr	PRES	Tender warmth streams through me .
tr	PAST	She squinted her cute little eyebrows together .
tr	PRES	He deserves to live ! '
tr	PAST	Ethan dimmed the overhead lights until only the moonlight above and lamps inside the pool illuminated the glass room .
tr	PAST	I busted myself these three days getting that corn in .
tr	PAST	Then he slowed , savoring the rush .
tr	PAST	I scrolled down the blog post .
tr	PRES	And we approve . "
tr	PRES	James lies next to me , and I hand him the items , resting my cheek on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Our eyes lock , neither of one of us breathes .
tr	PRES	Breathless he hauled it out gently and placed it on the ground for Jen to have a look .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth but didn 't dare break my concentration .
tr	PAST	Then he adjusted his weapons belt and obediently trudged after Tasha .
tr	PRES	Pete bangs on the hood of the car , and Matt sticks his head out .
tr	PAST	She shuffled the papers again , lost in some private thought .
tr	PRES	" What the ... " He turned and scraped me off his back , setting me away as I worked to scramble back to him .
tr	PAST	My friend steered us away from the beggar .
tr	PAST	I tensed my body with fear as I grabbed the hilt of my sword firmly .
tr	PAST	Nausea nearly suffocated Lilly at the sight .
tr	PRES	He sees it too .
tr	PRES	" The fifth stair from the top squeaks .
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved her mouth .
tr	PAST	Black balled with any decent publisher .
tr	PAST	Alex provided her cell phone number and showed the officers to the door .
tr	PAST	Then he brightened up .
tr	PAST	" Please come in , please come in , " boomed a robot standing near the entrance .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand to the bouncer .
tr	PRES	In other words , she loves order and despises entropy . "
tr	PAST	She sniffed , tucking her crimson bangs behind her ears .
tr	PRES	Kelly wiped his lips and reached for Nick , pul ing him in for a kiss .
tr	PAST	His intense gaze bore into hers , causing a pulse-pounding heaviness in her chest .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 3 The old flatbed truck crawled slowly up the hill in low 4-wheel drive .
tr	PAST	After that Jayden endured a mind-boggling maths lesson for the next forty-five minutes .
tr	PRES	As I work , the clock strikes again .
tr	PAST	He freed the other breast and sucked on it while also attempting to hike up the dress 's skirt .
tr	PAST	Back on the ground , I dusted off my hands on my pants .
tr	PAST	Noah swiped a hand over his cheek .
tr	PAST	" Don 't play down your shortcomings , Mark , " I chided .
tr	PRES	We don 't speak , we just exist together .
tr	PRES	" Don 't freak out - " " I guess you do know me , " I snapped , nostrils flaring .
tr	PAST	I slapped his face , and his eyes opened .
tr	PAST	The noise of it heightened his pulse , heated his blood .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I grumble .
tr	PAST	The whole affair proceeded along very unceremoniously until it came time for the king 's appointment to identify himself .
tr	PRES	' Good afternoon , Doctor , DCA Dick Love here .
tr	PAST	The truth described a large proportion of the male population , so she could speak honestly .
tr	PRES	" Foul corruption of Souls ! "
tr	PAST	Perhaps you tire of this peaceful retreat in the Alps and are ready to move on ? "
tr	PRES	He releases my hand .
tr	PRES	" Ah ha . "
tr	PAST	" I fear I may be the traitor , " Nell announced quietly .
tr	PRES	" Miss , please , I really , really need to work alone , " Errol begged .
tr	PAST	He replayed the image of her fight with the vampire over and over in his head .
tr	PRES	" Bummer , " he mumbled as he considered the ramifications of that .
tr	PAST	They also feared them .
tr	PRES	Beth rumpled her son 's hair .
tr	PAST	" You scribbled out the best part , " Issa accused .
tr	PAST	I dared a glance over my shoulder and quickly turned back around .
tr	PRES	He glances around at the tiny room that has no carpet and only sheetrock for walls , his gaze lingering briefly on the unmade bed .
tr	PAST	A searing pain that matched the intensity of the demon 's eyes suddenly engulfed Ash and he was thrown to the ground .
tr	PAST	Her admission awoke a primitive , possessive urge deep inside him .
tr	PRES	During the curtain call , Miranda remains frozen center stage as she did at the top of the show .
tr	PRES	You belong to me from this night forward .
tr	PAST	Joy rocketed through her as her fantasy came to life .
tr	PRES	She pounded and shouted for a full minute before she slumped back down , her fists smarting and her throat sore .
tr	PRES	He lets out a sigh , then turns his attention to me .
tr	PRES	I assume he has no time to watch me appreciate the beauty that 's probably commonplace to him .
tr	PRES	Taking a break from her search , she gazes out at the ocean , still becoming acquainted with her new environment .
tr	PAST	An uneasy smile wavered on his mouth .
tr	PRES	Something inside of me refuses to believe she is gone .
tr	PRES	" Those creatures swarm , as if from a hive mind .
tr	PAST	His glance wavered down to her breasts for a moment .
tr	PAST	He collapsed at her feet before he placed one large paw on her foot and licked her ankle .
tr	PAST	As I looked , the pointed tip of another dart emerged through the hole .
tr	PRES	The Deceiver tricks many people .
tr	PAST	Bond stripped the bedclothes off the bottom bunk and set to work .
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned my white cotton shirt and slid it off my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Hanna inched forward in her chair , surprised to see her own image on the screen .
tr	PRES	Nora begins to panic .
tr	PAST	My parents retreated to the front porch , where they sat on the steps , waiting for a breeze and a break from the relentless heat .
tr	PRES	Her hair falls down in glossy burnt umber waves , well past her shoulders .
tr	PAST	" You always acted like you were interested in my astronomy ! "
tr	PRES	Secondly , this computer uses unique simulation programs . "
tr	PRES	He hauled himself up and hobbled to the stern of the ship .
tr	PAST	Just when I thought I didn 't have any more tears left inside me , that day in the examination room I proved myself wrong .
tr	PAST	I collapsed to the floor and rolled , holding on to my arm .
tr	PRES	Wiping a velvet gloved finger across her watering eyes , Zelda returns to the kitchen just before the cooks and servants reach the doors .
tr	PAST	Her voice crawled out of the darkness and seemed to creep along my skin .
tr	PAST	" I think we 've all had enough for one day , " Marlene announced , interrupting what looked as though it could turn into a battle .
tr	PAST	It revealed a couple of toes , which moved very slowly inside their iridescent shell .
tr	PRES	I add unafraid to his list .
tr	PRES	The city council deals in civil matters .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Daniel regained the advantage by dropping down , rolling Frank over the top of him and out the opening .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck .
tr	PAST	The stroke of her gaze proved as potent as if she 'd wrapped her fingers around him .
tr	PAST	As if saying gone somehow lessened the blow .
tr	PRES	The dust clears quickly to reveal Savannah pinning Zeke with an ice cold stare .
tr	PRES	" I fold . "
tr	PAST	I stiffened and opened my mouth to deny his charge .
tr	PAST	He slapped his damp hand against the back of the driver 's headrest .
tr	PAST	I tugged at his grimy ears , and he tugged at my tender arms .
tr	PAST	I served my God and my Church as well as I knew how , and I became a very respected member of society .
tr	PAST	She doubted nothing would get in the way of her being with him .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , it bore the Piper Farms label .
tr	PAST	Marty 's stomach seized .
tr	PAST	" Come with me , cutie , " she urged .
tr	PRES	And those curves ... he gripped her bottom in his hands , kneading the flesh with his fingers .
tr	PRES	" How long until it fades ? "
tr	PRES	" But , Red -- " " Natalie . "
tr	PAST	As soon as Sal entered the nave , however , he froze .
tr	PRES	" You lose , " he whispers in my ear with a soft chuckle .
tr	PAST	The captain scoffed , " let them be gone then , I have no interest in peasant scum .
tr	PRES	Cole wraps his arms around me tighter and holds me like that for a second .
tr	PAST	He pretended not to notice the way I recoiled from his touch .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not sure I fit in a sentence with the word sexy , " she scoffed .
tr	PRES	" Advisor Milton ! "
tr	PAST	It wavered for a moment before it crashed down on top of us , startling my attacker .
tr	PAST	She visited their house almost daily , and she would often take the boys home with her .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Alec .
tr	PRES	Once he has the art on the floor he uses the specialized wipes provided with the kit to remove the powder .
tr	PAST	Emma almost sobbed with relief but she controlled herself .
tr	PRES	My clarity fades in and out .
tr	PAST	Two heavy cannons destroyed and a bad hit to the hull .
tr	PRES	He pops two into his mouth .
tr	PAST	The moon still shone , though it seemed duller now .
tr	PAST	Madison exclaimed in surprise .
tr	PAST	But what about the money already advanced ? "
tr	PAST	required some delicacy , but the other party was very satisfied with your offer .
tr	PAST	She leaned forward , one elbow propped on the table , her chin resting on her hand .
tr	PRES	Flynn bolts up cursing , knife in hand .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Tammie begins to tear , glancing at her arm .
tr	PAST	With a shriek , she attempted a pulse of energy to ward it off .
tr	PRES	I wipe my tears and rush out the door .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and then closes it .
tr	PRES	' Second World War ?
tr	PAST	There was only MaryAnn , his other half , and the sanctuary of pleasure she provided .
tr	PAST	Anna bounced him a little and she felt his hands close around her shirt .
tr	PAST	Then , a hand that 's the exact shape and size as my own taps me on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	She shone like the sun as she approached his desk .
tr	PRES	It helps ; You 'll see . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah ... " I murmur , thinking of my grandparents ' threat to tear those roots right out from under me .
tr	PAST	I flung the stem in my hand into the creek behind my house .
tr	PAST	He extended his fingers toward me and wiggled them .
tr	PRES	" So you said , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	My family ruled when the Romans skewered these barbarians on their spears ! "
tr	PAST	" Of course , " I lied , not about to tell him that I was completely on my own .
tr	PAST	The image of the Ford vanished , replaced by a map view .
tr	PAST	He still blamed himself for Maria 's death , but he had learned from it .
tr	PRES	" Kiss me , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	She glances up suspiciously and then gives me a troubled smile , patting my hand before pulling away .
tr	PRES	My sincerest apologies . "
tr	PAST	Claire prayed for the sand to open before her and swallow her up .
tr	PRES	Steve hates it up here in the spring .
tr	PRES	I assume they questioned everyone . "
tr	PRES	When he can 't hold back any more , he reaches down , grabs my shoulders , and pulls me up .
tr	PRES	" Is there some kind of contest to see who carries home the richest prize at the end of the evening ? "
tr	PAST	I should have slapped him .
tr	PAST	Apparently those of the East required everyone to believe in their god or be put to death .
tr	PRES	He offers me his hand , I take it and he lifts me to my feet .
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PRES	" It kills dragons at one hundred paces ! "
tr	PRES	The engines thunder and it begins its takeoff roll .
tr	PRES	My shaking hand reaches out for him , but I am too weak to do anything else .
tr	PRES	" Me either , " Kate agreed , her giggles under control .
tr	PAST	With that glimpse into the light , Cheryl resigned herself to the inevitable .
tr	PAST	None of them claimed any kind of psychic ability . "
tr	PRES	He befriended a neighbor , and was supposedly helping the old man with yardwork and such . "
tr	PAST	I faltered the last few steps over the line and fell upon my knees .
tr	PRES	The door recognizes him , too , even after all these turns .
tr	PRES	" You , re passionate and I like that so very much . "
tr	PAST	He experienced an unwelcome tinge of embarrassment , and the feeling was raw and new and most definitely unwanted .
tr	PRES	Warrior 's body rips through the corvette 's hull .
tr	PAST	* * * " How about a little ... flying , " Silver announced .
tr	PAST	Michael suddenly zipped into view at the edge of the light .
tr	PAST	She stomped her foot .
tr	PAST	She pondered the matter , but really wasn 't sure which would be worse .
tr	PAST	I schooled my features into blankness .
tr	PRES	As the bubble rises it pushes the water to the side taking its place .
tr	PAST	He was beautiful , all that muscle and eagerness painted in stark light and shadow , my moon and stars and darkness .
tr	PRES	But this morning I crave something different from prayers and hymns .
tr	PAST	Jemima panicking , wanting away .
tr	PRES	" I know , " Herr 'D on hissed .
tr	PAST	That at least lent the situation some normality .
tr	PRES	Knowing at that moment what he truly was , I realized that everything was just lies .
tr	PRES	I dive out of the way , narrowly avoiding being gored by her lethal teeth .
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin up to claim her mouth .
tr	PRES	I intake a sharp breath .
tr	PRES	The prince 's silvery armour shone in the moonlight , his family 's crest clear on his chest plate .
tr	PRES	" I just don 't feel like I know her anymore , " I confess .
tr	PRES	" Whoever likes unsolicited advice ? "
tr	PRES	Amy stops so suddenly I crash into her .
tr	PRES	Much better than messenger pigeons . '
tr	PAST	Emily cowered a little .
tr	PRES	" Are they okay , Tony ?
tr	PRES	Ivy 's tone changes quickly .
tr	PRES	It brings me to tears every time . "
tr	PRES	" Say , why don 't you join us ?
tr	PRES	She storms across the room .
tr	PAST	Every nerve alight with delight at his declarations , she caressed the wonder of his hard cheek .
tr	PAST	Something floated in the air between them .
tr	PAST	Clarice was wearing a strappy sundress meant for someone much younger than she was , her platinum hair piled high on top of her head .
tr	PRES	Dax and Hayden both arrive at the hut at the same time .
tr	PAST	" Just back up and go around it , " I countered , not wanting to find out what it was either .
tr	PRES	Under the open laughter of the men watching he drove off , an American captain chauffeuring an Arab .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and puts the papers next to him .
tr	PAST	He produced a coin and told me to call .
tr	PRES	He likes to play games , not always nice ones .
tr	PAST	Not feeling any need to rush , Colette washed her hands , collected her purse , then walked to the alley where she kept her car .
tr	PAST	Diego prayed to any saint willing to listen that this was going to work , then he drew a deep breath .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked back to Dennis , who was still wracking his brain in an attempt to find conversational topics .
tr	PRES	' What about your boyfriends ? '
tr	PAST	Forming the sticky liquid into two small balls , she stuffed them in her ears and sealed them from the agonizing noise .
tr	PRES	And why emphasize that they didn 't know each other ? "
tr	PRES	" Bran , " I sob .
tr	PAST	But he finally freed his head .
tr	PAST	Chas tensed and his eyes narrowed in pleasure .
tr	PRES	" I can be very helpful , " she offers .
tr	PAST	A light flicked on in the room and Eric jerked , blinking for a minute at the brightness before the images focused .
tr	PAST	A new world emerged from the ashes of Babylon .
tr	PRES	It belongs with you . "
tr	PAST	Her light glided over a workbench running along the near right wall .
tr	PRES	" We 're family , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" He loves me . "
tr	PAST	In her arms she clutched the book .
tr	PAST	He worshipped her body , learned every inch of her most tantalizing area , before he could take no more .
tr	PAST	Both nodded and Mr. Frank retreated toward the school .
tr	PRES	What if the carriage brings news of Quinn and William ?
tr	PRES	The currents wash a lot of stuff up , down on the coast . '
tr	PAST	I reel back , steady myself on the wall .
tr	PAST	She dared not look in the direction of Xavier Jones for fear that she 'd encounter those curious eyes .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " she mumbled as she fixed the front of her dress .
tr	PRES	Then he reaches the main entrance .
tr	PRES	Fia and Blaze gape , but I get down to business .
tr	PAST	Gage motioned for Alex to jump over the tailgate .
tr	PAST	" He drugged ... " she says , closing her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " he said to his supervisor who stood , jaw agape .
tr	PRES	Sometimes life throws you curveballs . "
tr	PAST	His guards proved to have better reflexes than he might have guessed , given their customary laid back manner .
tr	PAST	She flicked her gaze towards the girl by Ion 's side , who nodded absently as she stirred the herbal substance with her cloth .
tr	PAST	Each Council member announced his vote , arriving at a surprisingly split tally across the GNC 's human and Breed members .
tr	PAST	The lights dimmed , and the television flipped on .
tr	PRES	I lean closer to Pat .
tr	PRES	Roman pounded nails into the garage shelving .
tr	PAST	Ben alighted with around two dozen other passengers .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	She storms out of the session angrily , muttering curses , as I welcome the next batch of students .
tr	PAST	I exited my room and locked the door behind me .
tr	PRES	She flinches when he does it .
tr	PAST	Art 's eyes flicked to the portable phone lying on the kitchen floor .
tr	PAST	" Marti , please summon Will Whitfield to my office . "
tr	PRES	" Got a new wrinkle for you , Fitch .
tr	PAST	He extended his arm , an elegant gesture , and indicated the two great thrones on the dais .
tr	PRES	She talks into her cell phone , but her voice seems so loud she doesn 't need it .
tr	PAST	Through her heavy sobs , she uttered to herself " How dare they . "
tr	PAST	Vivian exclaimed as she ran the two feet needed to jump in his arms and hug him .
tr	PRES	" For the Young Army lad .
tr	PRES	" I don 't understand , " I mumbled , as he sat up and looked down at me with questioning eyes .
tr	PRES	After a while a boy approaches her .
tr	PAST	I leaped out of the chair , tore through the curtain , and got into the driver 's seat .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Carson ? "
tr	PRES	" Listen , bro .
tr	PAST	The healing provided only momentary relief , and I slowed as my stomach turned over in protest .
tr	PRES	The water ripples and turns , ever changing , and my mind fades from view .
tr	PAST	We rumbled back to our long house that seemed even longer now that my mother was gone .
tr	PAST	You trusted me when you came here .
tr	PAST	I puzzled on that for a second .
tr	PRES	Filled with impotent rage , he had taken the man 's blood quickly , his hands cruel as he held his prey in place .
tr	PAST	I , however , preferred the fiery lights of hell .
tr	PAST	Ethan caressed my cheek .
tr	PAST	Tom eyed her full cup in confusion , but let Peyton drag him away .
tr	PRES	The Fee never forgave him .
tr	PRES	We belong together , you and I. My dreams do not lie . "
tr	PAST	He snaked an arm around her waist as his head dipped , running his jaw up the side of her neck .
tr	PAST	As the door shut behind her , he leaped from his bed .
tr	PAST	Samuel treated her as an equal , and that kind of trust was curiously heady .
tr	PAST	He revealed a number of things that Martin hadn 't ever known about himself .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" She misses you , of course .
tr	PAST	" Stomach flu , " I said , adding , " nothing too serious . "
tr	PAST	" Really , " Ty grunted as he turned away .
tr	PAST	Resisting , he slowly withdrew from her , savoring the feel of her sheath reluctantly giving him up .
tr	PRES	" Your face sort of freezes up whenever somebody mentions subtitles . "
tr	PAST	Clementine unzipped her jacket and took off her slouchy .
tr	PAST	The class resigned in agreement that they could never surpass the class valedictorian and salutatorian .
tr	PRES	He suffers along with her . "
tr	PRES	A rifle points into the room .
tr	PAST	It smashed against the opposite wall .
tr	PAST	Angel and I both blanched .
tr	PAST	They threaded their way past the various stages and headed towards the food vendor area .
tr	PRES	' Damn liar . '
tr	PRES	" Five hundred meters . "
tr	PAST	Damion dove for the president and bear hugged the man for protection .
tr	PRES	" Be quiet , you idiot .
tr	PAST	The other boats collected around it .
tr	PRES	Something in his eyes causes heat to coil deep inside me and course through my veins like a powerful drug .
tr	PAST	So , of course , I babbled .
tr	PRES	For my birthday ! ' '
tr	PAST	Leslie rustled under the hospital bed and found a plastic bag .
tr	PRES	He loves the dog park and ... " " I know , Olivia .
tr	PAST	The fire destroyed everything in its path as it spread .
tr	PAST	My thoughts circled back .
tr	PRES	" Because she has always been full of lies ! "
tr	PAST	She sighted along the quivering arrow to a pair of cedars growing from a common root .
tr	PAST	I prayed he was right , but it didn 't seem possible , at least not then .
tr	PRES	" No daughters ? "
tr	PRES	It 's day two , you better text me back .
tr	PAST	Her clutch matched too .
tr	PAST	You handled that badly . "
tr	PAST	" Look who 's awake , " Nina exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Before his death , he carved the account of what had happened on a piece of wood , then sealed the message in a bottle .
tr	PAST	The half moon reflected noticeably off his rump .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	He inquired me what I had studied and boost up my energy .
tr	PRES	My dad tries to grab him by the front of his suit , but misses .
tr	PAST	" I left you a gift in the kitchen , " Thomas announced , continuing up the hall toward him .
tr	PAST	He sensed the angel nod .
tr	PRES	Handing me a dark woolen cloak I draped myself in it and tied it off at the neck thinking about how I just might have saved mine .
tr	PAST	Just as Xavier 's fangs were about to sink under my skin , my brother 's voice boomed across the cavernous walls of the Catacombs .
tr	PRES	" And what about you , Alana ?
tr	PAST	Mira petted it gently .
tr	PRES	Some magic protects it . "
tr	PRES	If he 's dead , he deserves to be and so did his pilot . "
tr	PAST	I chased after Sam to steal back the ball , but a tug on my sleeve jarred my dream out of sequence .
tr	PRES	Trajan stands from the table and pushes the chair back underneath it .
tr	PRES	" Oh , thank the Lord , " Florence breathes .
tr	PRES	" And forgive her . "
tr	PAST	Her throat bounced with a swallow .
tr	PRES	Will snaps as he walks toward his desk , picking up a stack of papers .
tr	PRES	' By the gods ! '
tr	PAST	It was long and sleek and low to the ground like a limousine , the windows curved outward .
tr	PAST	Cage glided away quickly and gracefully , not to mention carefully .
tr	PRES	And pleasure it had been , the likes of which she 'd never experienced .
tr	PRES	The pots and pans shone silver in the light .
tr	PRES	His body and his mind belong to somebody else !
tr	PAST	The thermometer beeped , and I removed it from his mouth .
tr	PAST	" Marcie , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Then her thoughts shattered as an electric shock passed through her body .
tr	PAST	A rumble in the distance stole our attention .
tr	PAST	When it seemed as though the worst had passed , he looked up and saw Jane standing there , her arms once again outstretched .
tr	PRES	Elizabeth lay immobile , her mouth agape .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know .
tr	PRES	' At the bus stops ? '
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and prayed for patience even though outrage bubbled up inside her .
tr	PRES	The sun shone down through the thick cover of trees , and Mother Earth dissolved into the sunlight .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed her nervousness and dropped a soft kiss on her lips .
tr	PRES	The cape wraps around her arm , smelling of stale earth and wet dog .
tr	PRES	He stops and inspects the audience who seems to be hanging on his words .
tr	PRES	Em lies down , a hand shielding her eyes from the sun .
tr	PAST	No smile accompanied his words .
tr	PRES	" No you idiot , it is vegetarian , we can eat it . "
tr	PAST	" Shut up and let me do this , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	A moment later , the beaded curtain separating the living room from the kitchen rustled , and Howie stepped through .
tr	PRES	The beauty of rest seeps deep inside of me .
tr	PAST	She acted it out , making a quick downward motion with her dagger .
tr	PRES	Bran approaches another door .
tr	PRES	' Yes , she likes art . '
tr	PAST	They glowed an endless hue of blues and pinks .
tr	PAST	Her father 's grin practically split his face .
tr	PRES	" She armed ? "
tr	PAST	she shrieked " ... you are not the kind of woman that stays in noble halls . "
tr	PRES	Noah matches me move for move and doesn 't make me stop .
tr	PRES	I eagerly await my turn for a second helping .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she begged , panic in her voice .
tr	PAST	I scooted forward in my chair slightly until our knees touched .
tr	PRES	He more than likes me .
tr	PAST	" She received a letter at the last post yesterday . "
tr	PRES	" Thanks to all of you , I 'm going to be just fine , Rafe .
tr	PRES	" What about overseas ? "
tr	PAST	Jonas massaged his ribs and smiled dangerously at her for a second .
tr	PRES	The vines creep onto the window 's corners , like they are trying to come in and join the conversation .
tr	PAST	Beth charged back up the stairs towards the frozen dog .
tr	PRES	I estimate I have nearly two hundred hanging around my neck , but no animal in the stables would be worth even one piece of that .
tr	PAST	" Uh , hello , " Randy scooted his chair back and held out a hand .
tr	PAST	I prayed that this reality would last .
tr	PAST	He circled his hands .
tr	PAST	Her frail bones crunched and I watched her deflate as she wilted into the ground , her ribcage shattered .
tr	PAST	She clutched her sheet tighter with one hand and held on to her coffee with the other .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened and he triumphantly announced the name Max Vogt .
tr	PAST	Hopkins ' ears perked up at the last statement .
tr	PRES	" Paul said they 've got issues to sort out , " mumbled Marlon , Miriam listening silently as she drove .
tr	PRES	" Mostly they just feed , and eventually they kill you if they feed hard enough .
tr	PRES	A cluster of dark specks , upon the limitless plain of glittering snow .
tr	PRES	" He loves this place .
tr	PRES	I fan through a few of the top ones , which turn out to be of Lexi .
tr	PRES	His hands skimmed across the exposed skin , the smile fading from his mouth .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , feeling as if he had been shoved roughly into a furnace that burned from within .
tr	PRES	One of her goons tries to grab me and force me out of the car , and I wrench away from him .
tr	PAST	But the indentations still acted as a grim reminder of the tragic event .
tr	PAST	Snow dusted the ground , making their task harder .
tr	PRES	She whipped around to see what had happened .
tr	PRES	A fire begins in the merchant area of Rome and soon burns completely out of control .
tr	PRES	" And the paparazzi ? "
tr	PRES	He inhales loudly , closes his eyes and absorbs the smoke as if he were ingesting some kind of magical , life-saving elixir .
tr	PAST	" I know you do , Hank .
tr	PRES	She nurses her arm , holds out her wrist tenderly as Tad the step monkey fast approaches .
tr	PRES	Lifting the can up , he holds down the nozzle and begins to move his hand in swirls and circles .
tr	PRES	" The wolf talks ! "
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , ghostly figures floated noiselessly across darkened paths above and below .
tr	PRES	" She had no idea what was going on , " Julian mumbled .
tr	PAST	I caressed her bare shoulders with my fingertips as I imagined all the ways that I hoped she would try to keep me in line .
tr	PAST	He squinted in frustration at the family and then sat down to continue his conversation .
tr	PRES	" It was like he had to punch his way in , " she mumbled through the cloth .
tr	PRES	" Then humor me . "
tr	PRES	That , of course , explains how I missed the sound of that secret personal bell of mine .
tr	PAST	Butterflies swirled in my stomach .
tr	PAST	His palm smacked against Alaina 's right cheek , sending her face swinging to the left .
tr	PRES	Jack joins Snake at the bow of the boat , pulling the rope hand over hand , hauling the boat up onto the sand .
tr	PRES	" K , thanks , " Gabe sighs .
tr	PAST	" Thanks : so do you , " I lied .
tr	PAST	A dark smile tugged the corner of his mouth .
tr	PRES	In space , Lance snaps out with his mind , grabs Warrior by the wings and stretches them out .
tr	PAST	The man motioned with his arm to go down the hallway as the giant with his booming voice severed the awkward moment breaking up the gathering .
tr	PAST	Oliver taxied the plane off the runway .
tr	PRES	" Did they evacuate the building ? "
tr	PAST	He cautiously limped to the sheets .
tr	PRES	" Wasn 't he making some bad choices down in Florida ? "
tr	PRES	" Which begs the question ... What are you doing here ? "
tr	PRES	Simon frowns and I have a feeling he 's wondering precisely why he 's being so forthcoming with me .
tr	PAST	She faltered for a few horrible moments as she looked into his dark eyes .
tr	PAST	He dreamed of being lost in a blue cave that never ended , and of falling down a stairwell that had no bottom .
tr	PRES	My head snaps back .
tr	PAST	She doubted they were to risk calling from the house , and the sooner she got it done , the better .
tr	PRES	said the girl , her bright eyes widening .
tr	PRES	In less than ten minutes , Vanessa buys ten kids ' backpacks , all with a Desert Storm camouflage motif .
tr	PAST	The dragging anchor provided just enough resistance for the rudder to respond to the waves .
tr	PRES	After a few seconds his rigid posture relaxes a bit .
tr	PAST	They ascend into the heavens ; they have discovered how the blood circulates , and the nature of the air we breathe .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the pleasant aroma of coffee wafting through the air , but the smell of the cheese toast of the disturbing .
tr	PAST	Reaching under her dress , he tugged her silk panties to her knees .
tr	PAST	She motioned forward , toward France .
tr	PRES	" It floats ! "
tr	PAST	I joked to him .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand to help her out , and , automatically , she took it .
tr	PRES	" He loves you just as strongly .
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath he slowly exhaled .
tr	PAST	The exposed bare wood extended horizontally across the length of the room 's vaulted ceilings .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself up and stands , swaying a little .
tr	PRES	" Before Sebastian kills us all .
tr	PRES	And without looking at me , he reaches out one arm and pulls me toward him .
tr	PRES	The captain returns to his little boat as Damien and I step from the dock to the white sand .
tr	PAST	Pia inquired , adopting about as doubtful an air as one could assume .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Major . '
tr	PRES	" Yeah , but nobody else here plays .
tr	PAST	Mom painted sunrises , sunsets and the night sky .
tr	PRES	Bartholomew grins then slowly stands while Ann shoves her hands on his arm .
tr	PAST	I slapped his arm lightly .
tr	PRES	I scrawl Mercedes Dantes onto the sign-in sheet .
tr	PRES	" I assume that set is the twin to this one .
tr	PRES	It freaked her out for a quick moment and in that split-second she blinked .
tr	PAST	She collapsed and sobbed until there were no more tears .
tr	PRES	" Those exist ? "
tr	PAST	Renewed fear for her safety quickly replaced his relief at finding her .
tr	PAST	I eyed the bag , and then smiled at Bex .
tr	PAST	The party proved to be a success , with both the Campbell and MacDougall children as well as Ted and Anna Carmichael making a good crowd .
tr	PRES	" Money and power corrupt people .
tr	PAST	After about half an hour , the doctor withdrew and Brian 's shield was stronger than it had been in almost a year .
tr	PRES	Forsaken we may be , but it can even be said our new home grants us a unique perspective . "
tr	PRES	We feed off the humans they consider their children .
tr	PAST	He upended a leather bag into the palm of his hand .
tr	PRES	She reaches up to ruffle my hair .
tr	PRES	Calliope glances in my direction .
tr	PRES	Adel slams his hand on the steering wheel .
tr	PRES	The first girl stands then trips over her gown , not falling on her face .
tr	PAST	Scars crisscrossed his back .
tr	PRES	He input the same five digits , and he heard the same click .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ?
tr	PRES	DQ releases a long sigh .
tr	PRES	He throws from behind a tree or somewhere where Rags doesn 't see it coming .
tr	PRES	" My uncle loves nothing more than to amuse his friends .
tr	PAST	We lingered a few more moments in bed .
tr	PAST	I willed myself down .
tr	PRES	Here lies Reece Ellis : Dumbass .
tr	PRES	" He loves you more . "
tr	PAST	She handled herself masterfully tonight .
tr	PAST	Actually she eyed Joe 's behind , but Kelly opted not to mention it .
tr	PAST	It messed with the pill . "
tr	PAST	" Lean your head forward , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	Trace uses it sometimes , when his partner visits .
tr	PRES	She opens the door .
tr	PRES	Despite the cold , my hairline beads with sweat .
tr	PAST	I prayed that in the meantime , a mugger wouldn 't sneak up behind me and snatch my pocketbook .
tr	PRES	His scheming eyes roam all around me , wondering where his rescue will come from .
tr	PAST	" Sexy as sin , red dress , dark hair ... " someone uttered from behind me .
tr	PAST	After Sally had thought it through , she exploded into Macon Turner 's office and demanded to report the full story .
tr	PRES	Elizabeth whispers as she attempts to compose herself .
tr	PAST	Even the crystals ceased humming .
tr	PRES	Danny gazes intently at a newsstand .
tr	PAST	" Aunt Maud ! "
tr	PRES	" Baby , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to do this , " I mumbled slowly .
tr	PAST	Then he balled his hands into fists and approached his holographic enemy .
tr	PAST	James exclaimed , " How about that ! "
tr	PAST	Dylan 's hand fisted around his utensil .
tr	PAST	The three wolves that had backed off circled around to join the ten new ones .
tr	PRES	" Hot tub at my house ? "
tr	PRES	" Well - " he said , and let the sound fade off .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to his watch , and he pushed up from the table .
tr	PRES	He opens his arms .
tr	PAST	Since the Free Gospel Church was the closest safe haven , they sped there and charged into the basement meeting room .
tr	PAST	At the corner , I crouched and peeked in the direction the shadow had gone .
tr	PRES	" So Miss Eva , what will we be talking about ? "
tr	PRES	Cowboy Bob considers me a moment while wiping his mouth with his checkered napkin .
tr	PRES	" I assume so , but I don 't understand the threat . "
tr	PRES	I zero in on that mischievous look in her eye , and I am acutely aware of the fact she means more than a couple of friends .
tr	PAST	McKee stormed off in a huff .
tr	PAST	I unzipped my tent and squinted my eyes at the bright light of the sun .
tr	PAST	Then , as if someone had choreographed it , they dove and swam out of sight .
tr	PAST	It swirled around him and seeped from his skin .
tr	PRES	I know we stood like that , a few feet apart , every nerve taut , each with eyes fixed on the other in a terrible watchfulness .
tr	PRES	He opens up a freezer and slides her out .
tr	PAST	Feeling his muscles tense at the very thought , he quickly stripped off his clothes and stepped into the tub .
tr	PRES	Nathan hears my pounding footsteps and chases after me .
tr	PAST	Chapter 21 The first Domus breaks through the trees , shaggy black hair partially covering his cruelly carved face .
tr	PRES	Hana Out of the shifting liquid of my sleep , the dream rises and takes shape : Lena 's face .
tr	PRES	" Not unlike my parent 's home . "
tr	PRES	An image of November , round with my child , filters through my head and I stumble into the wall .
tr	PAST	" When I left the Company , I abandoned the oath that bound me to insert the SD 1031 .
tr	PAST	Please don 't do this , " I begged , yanking on the chains .
tr	PAST	The taste of beer lingered on her lips .
tr	PAST	Bron intruded , " It means you 've had a bit to drink . "
tr	PRES	" Erm ... " I hesitate .
tr	PAST	Mr Tiny waddled across .
tr	PAST	He flicked a glance in my direction .
tr	PAST	Crimson cocked her head to the side , smiled , and fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	PAST	He would have chased him down our dirt road with his rifle .
tr	PAST	The tiny crystal belt and crystals along the collar matched the diamond on her finger .
tr	PRES	" Nothing as grand as the Anderton place , but all in the one to two hundred thousand range .
tr	PAST	And just like that , she was on her feet , her wings outstretched .
tr	PRES	" No one for at least a mile , " he replied , " and probably not beyond that either . "
tr	PAST	Those words slapped him hard .
tr	PRES	Trent clears his voice .
tr	PRES	He enters his room .
tr	PRES	The whole thing begins falling apart around me .
tr	PRES	Lord Loss drifts closer .
tr	PAST	Sean froze with his hands up in the air .
tr	PRES	He sees three girls in blue jeans hugging themselves as if they are cold and racing from one building to another .
tr	PRES	I have to say I 'm impressed , " I teased .
tr	PRES	The shadow pushes off of the wall and comes towards us .
tr	PRES	He cracks up laughing at me .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	I circled the sensitive nub , involuntarily moaning from each tantalizing caress .
tr	PAST	He attempted to close the door but was blocked by Aiden 's foot again .
tr	PAST	" The ones who ate the others awoke in a much better state than those who dined on fish alone . "
tr	PRES	I mimic Vice Principal Sneed .
tr	PAST	Coping with that , and the disloyalty she felt , complicated an already complicated situation .
tr	PAST	He dared not move with her head resting on his denim clad thigh .
tr	PAST	I trudged up the stairs , pulling off my sweater and shirt as I went .
tr	PRES	" And Wulf ? "
tr	PRES	Dr. Vance clears his throat and tries to calm himself .
tr	PRES	The terrain here offers enough privacy to allow you to do so . "
tr	PAST	The corridor split into two halls , and we headed down the right one .
tr	PAST	She pretended not to hear .
tr	PRES	But in another way , it presents us with a difficulty .
tr	PRES	It begins much more quietly .
tr	PRES	I snuck into the edge of the woods without venturing in too far .
tr	PRES	" To bathe in that during winter . "
tr	PRES	The afternoon sunshine stripes his face in alternating patterns of light and shadow .
tr	PRES	I lean over , my hands on his chest , and he pulls me closer .
tr	PRES	' The Weapon to Destroy Worlds . '
tr	PRES	' What about you , Runes ? '
tr	PAST	While new strength was inside them , they still bore the marks of death and decay on the outside .
tr	PRES	A body falls over me , then dozens .
tr	PRES	My spine tingles as a white sheet sails down to cover the floor in front of me .
tr	PAST	Edward retreated , unable to tear his gaze away .
tr	PAST	Hunter unzipped the pouch and opened it on his leg .
tr	PRES	" But until we have her body , we assume that she 's still breathing . "
tr	PAST	She withdrew quickly and waited out in the hallway for what felt like an eternity .
tr	PAST	He instantly dismissed that idea , not wanting this woman to be encumbered by a relationship with another man .
tr	PRES	" I need you right now , " Micha murmurs against my lips with so much desire in his eyes that my knees buckle .
tr	PAST	He immediately slowed his thrusts .
tr	PRES	And often holds clues as to the nature of the demon itself . "
tr	PAST	" We froze the planet . "
tr	PRES	Her shirt falls back down as she sits on my lap her face facing mine .
tr	PRES	He stands up for you .
tr	PRES	She pops another bite of pie into her mouth .
tr	PAST	I only prayed that I was not too late to help Justin .
tr	PRES	She disconnected the call , exhaled a long hard breath , then inhaled deeply .
tr	PAST	The Sheriff 's hands wavered inches away but never moved any closer .
tr	PRES	" Braydon Eagle , you sly dog . "
tr	PRES	" Clear , " Tack announces .
tr	PAST	I attended high school at St. Mary 's and Natchitoches Central .
tr	PAST	They trudged for a few hours , hardly a word passing between them .
tr	PRES	I ditch the hat and climb up a thick tree .
tr	PAST	Gunnar unraveled the idol from his cloak and threw it onto the floor .
tr	PAST	Shai slapped at Zev 's hands as tears ran down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hands along the metal grating , grappling for something , anything to slow the drag toward the back .
tr	PAST	Are you reassured by this ? "
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the cabinet with a thud .
tr	PAST	Pigeon waddled over to them , pants dripping .
tr	PRES	" As the sexy musician that she likes to have sex with and talk to . "
tr	PAST	She withdrew the single page inside .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up in a sign of surrender .
tr	PRES	But not a water witch .
tr	PRES	She pushes against the back wall on one side .
tr	PRES	No wonder Danny draws the line at friends .
tr	PAST	He required that she believe .
tr	PRES	The young man scoffed , " what would you know of the matter ?
tr	PAST	Maxwell crumpled as John lay down on the floor in front of the Door .
tr	PRES	The Detective sighs in frustration .
tr	PAST	With every noise , my sense of fear heightened .
tr	PRES	" What misery ? "
tr	PAST	" I was hoping for two things , " Rock stated .
tr	PAST	Letters carved in the wood .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	He lets me slide on my tab .
tr	PRES	" I have got to start taking drugs , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know your room , Lora , " her father denied .
tr	PAST	Inhaling the fumes pumping in through the garden hose that hangs over the cracked window , the other end stuffed into the car 's muffler .
tr	PRES	" We also have presents to wrap . "
tr	PAST	To the right , Arabella lounged on the gutted shell of a Humvee covered by a dark green tarp .
tr	PRES	And oh , a glass of orange juice with ice blocks and a straw ' and the waiter wrote that down before turning to me .
tr	PAST	Anthony charged that Xavier put their safety in jeopardy by harboring a stranger .
tr	PAST	Wardens sometimes joked that you could put a scarecrow in a Warden 's armor , and every garrison for a hundred miles around would burst with pride .
tr	PAST	Rema froze in place .
tr	PAST	Ramsey motioned for one of his men to come over .
tr	PRES	The registry office lists no other owners . "
tr	PRES	The fingers on my neck relax .
tr	PRES	It strikes me then that he 's not like the other people from the club .
tr	PRES	he asked her again , his words hoarse with need , his eyes hot with passion and some other emotion she couldn 't quite read .
tr	PRES	He quickly brings them back to his office .
tr	PRES	" Stefan , " she murmured , pul ing him into a nook in the craggy stone of the cave entrance .
tr	PAST	Not resisting the heat , the windows and the glass of the bookcase shattered into pieces .
tr	PRES	" Which inn ? "
tr	PRES	Today we witness the end of not only your boyfriend , but of your father and your people ! "
tr	PRES	I shone the light around but the sound did not repeat itself .
tr	PAST	" She is so going to kill us , " Kamal announced with a nervous shake of his head .
tr	PRES	Jack touches my wrist , and the sensation of his skin on mine sends shivers up my arm .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to sit down .
tr	PAST	He crouched and then brought up a bunched wad of my dress in his hands .
tr	PAST	She soaked it up , desperate for any comfort .
tr	PRES	She storms out of the kitchen and through the house , slamming the front door behind her .
tr	PAST	He also restrained himself from making a comment about the audience 's supposed boredom during his sermon .
tr	PRES	" What about the Cylons ? "
tr	PAST	That bothered him a lot .
tr	PAST	I pretended I was okay without you , that this between us wasn 't the most powerful thing I 'd ever felt .
tr	PRES	We soar up into the clouds for more fun .
tr	PRES	" Then God blessed me . "
tr	PRES	In her sleep , she mumbled , " I see her . "
tr	PRES	Histone was lazy , teasing , a little bit husky .
tr	PAST	She sobbed until the well of grief was emptied .
tr	PRES	He carries a couple of thousand in cash , and if he got drunk , who knows what he told them .
tr	PAST	Her long Brown hair twisted into a French braid down her back .
tr	PAST	He tugged at my limp arm .
tr	PRES	" No way am I ready for this , " Valerie states aloud with worry .
tr	PRES	" Pathetic , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	Hunter points a finger at me and heads for the concession stand .
tr	PRES	He begins as I try to shake off the head pounding rush of adrenaline .
tr	PRES	" What of Harriet ? "
tr	PRES	Wielding a wooden spoon like it 's an offensive weapon , she begins to beat the mixture into submission .
tr	PRES	She presses the button that clicks off the call , and is again filled with haunting solitary despair .
tr	PAST	An attempted drowning . "
tr	PAST	As it came closer it slowed , coming to an eventual stop as it drew up beside her .
tr	PRES	This belongs to the dead . "
tr	PRES	Light burst in , the sun blasting off the snow outside in a blinding display and highlighting fine dust particles floating in the air inside the room .
tr	PRES	" That could be a picture of anything , " I scoff .
tr	PRES	He throws his hands up in exasperation .
tr	PAST	" Look toward the south end , " the sergeant instructed .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply as the very tips of his fingers traveled down my chest and over my bra .
tr	PRES	A lab tech monitoring the screens rises when he sees us , then ushers us over .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved at the memory of Jacques 's antics .
tr	PAST	Mike exclaimed through coughs .
tr	PAST	Mom always dreamed of having a daughter . "
tr	PRES	Unless the Shadow Stone could make tangible some less distasteful dream .
tr	PAST	I crawled out of bed and went to pick up my jeans from where I had thrown them earlier .
tr	PAST	They all piled back into the van and were dropped off at the dorm .
tr	PAST	Mike uttered , reaching for the gate .
tr	PRES	" Because everyone loves you ? "
tr	PRES	I retort loudly , pulling back and pointing at him .
tr	PAST	" Consultation , " The syllables soured on his tongue as he said it .
tr	PRES	Dust spills from the ceiling , powdering my head .
tr	PAST	Karin inhaled and asked , " Approximate age ? "
tr	PRES	" You belong to a society that thrives on murder .
tr	PRES	" A dream , " Lord Loss corrects me .
tr	PRES	Her wolf growled in satisfaction as her lips were crushed beneath his hungry onslaught , her nails scoring down the smooth skin of his back .
tr	PRES	The bot stops when it detects us , and a green ray of light beams up .
tr	PAST	Though I trusted him .
tr	PAST	" And of course you all obliged me by bringing along your artifacts , then traipsing up here to the ruins .
tr	PRES	Thayer clears his throat .
tr	PAST	" The little rascal was here after all , " Herr 'D on bellowed , like a god atop a mountain throne .
tr	PRES	With his palm , he pushes me back onto the hood and pulls my shorts and panties down over my feet .
tr	PRES	One of these crates holds a special power unit for space travel , and as you can see , might show radiation . "
tr	PRES	Now that he 's technically fatherless again , that role falls on you . "
tr	PAST	" Countess , " rumbled Bernard .
tr	PRES	" If you didn 't want to do this , then that begs that question of why in the world are you ?
tr	PAST	Giggling , three or four of the other girls flung arms around each other and tried to look sexy .
tr	PRES	" That was some driving , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	He eyed her as if she were a nut job then bent his head forward , waiting patiently for her to touch him .
tr	PAST	He cracks a grin so wide , so amused , so refreshingly sincere it 's like a clap of thunder through my body .
tr	PRES	" Wil ing to leave battle to be protection detail for a couple of royals ? "
tr	PRES	" The darkness seeps in a little more every day .
tr	PRES	" She protects those things she carries , with her very life . "
tr	PRES	He sighs and starts walking .
tr	PRES	Ben mumbled from behind the paper .
tr	PAST	The woman extended her hand for Nick to kiss .
tr	PRES	The great wheel begins to turn with a loud grinding sound , and the water ripples .
tr	PAST	" It 's not like I forced you , " he quickly countered .
tr	PRES	" Came through here yesterday , pillaging buggers ; begging your pardon sir , but it is enough to make a saint swear .
tr	PAST	Afterwards , I floated there for about twenty minutes , wondering if I should stay or go for help .
tr	PRES	' Nobody wears sari or salwar kameez in the college these days .
tr	PAST	He grunted , raised his head , and got his eyes open enough to look out the window .
tr	PRES	And just a little too tempting . "
tr	PAST	She cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Not a man amongst the men had ever seen such a thing before .
tr	PAST	So I crouched inside the corner of the dome opposite Doug , making sure the loud engine worked .
tr	PRES	" I see what you 're up to , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" After I get these washed it 'll be light enough for us to go to the hen house .
tr	PAST	Ethan hooked a finger in the hem of her sweatshirt , the back of his hand brushing the warmth of her thigh .
tr	PAST	Jake sensed the pyramid before he saw it .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a small breath of relief .
tr	PRES	Then he begins to trail kisses down my stomach , pausing for a moment to circle his tongue in my belly button .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , Lexi .
tr	PAST	" You poor , deluded fool .
tr	PRES	She collects her cup and places it in the sink .
tr	PAST	Air froze in my chest as my gaze crawled over my arms .
tr	PRES	' Who wears cream in January anyway ? '
tr	PRES	Their butler swears he 'll lock it all up for me so it won 't be drunk before the event .
tr	PAST	A single dip of his head served as confirmation .
tr	PAST	I collapsed under him , panting .
tr	PAST	" It 's so good to see you , " I exclaimed , smiling with genuine happiness .
tr	PRES	He stops to look into Sylvia 's eyes longingly .
tr	PRES	This actually enraged the man , and he lunged forward .
tr	PAST	Well , I am never kissing again then , " I joked .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " the Detective mutters .
tr	PRES	Finally , she slows , still screaming and crying now too , bending , standing , squatting and moving on .
tr	PAST	She circled his wrists with her fingers .
tr	PRES	" Very valid points . "
tr	PRES	" Since a police officer was in the room this morning , I assume local officials are aware .
tr	PAST	I exhale , tossing my arms in fury .
tr	PRES	Finally she stops trying to wipe the tears away and lets them pour out as her hands fall to her sides .
tr	PAST	" I quit my job . "
tr	PRES	as he glares at Pierre .
tr	PAST	Kara reclined in the chair .
tr	PAST	Some of the members of her family actively collected it .
tr	PAST	Aly dove into her burger .
tr	PAST	Her chest bound so tight , drawing sufficient oxygen proved difficult , leaving behind a sensation of lightheaded intoxication that had nothing to do with the wine .
tr	PRES	We , too , value art and culture and wish to propose a collection exchange . "
tr	PRES	* * * But night came and fell upon them within an hour , blotting out the remnants of the sun .
tr	PAST	Heston froze on the spot .
tr	PRES	" Gypsy girl ... " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Rabid wolves fighting to the death . "
tr	PAST	We quit a few days ago and opened this firm .
tr	PAST	I just piled on twenty years of baggage onto him and he 's cool as can be .
tr	PAST	Her thighs circled his hips , pulling him into a tighter hold against her body .
tr	PAST	I wrap my brain around the situation again .
tr	PRES	She loves you and that 's how she shows love .
tr	PRES	" This call helps . "
tr	PAST	And the familiarity of it tickled her senses .
tr	PRES	I can see from her facial expression , something else occurs to her .
tr	PRES	She points at the envelope in my hand with her greasy fingers .
tr	PAST	he inquired in a whisper .
tr	PAST	They padded through the snow in silence , rounding the corner where the passageway opened up .
tr	PRES	He hates all three of us .
tr	PRES	I hesitate while I weigh each possible response and every reasonable outcome .
tr	PAST	I tip my forehead past the wings and crook my finger for her to follow me .
tr	PAST	A shudder snaked down my spine .
tr	PAST	The dragon tattoo circled that wrist .
tr	PAST	She flung her arms around his massive shoulders and shifted around so that her legs could accommodate his body .
tr	PRES	" Because he loves you . "
tr	PAST	" They lied . "
tr	PAST	My body hair standing at attention proved he wasn 't normal .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted and pulled .
tr	PAST	Opening the cupboard , he replaced the dried plates .
tr	PAST	Bright light pierced his eyes , causing the pounding in his head to intensify .
tr	PRES	" I assume you two have resolved your differences ? "
tr	PRES	Across the street , someone opens their shutters and peers out .
tr	PAST	I panicked a little .
tr	PRES	' Well , what passes for human these days !
tr	PAST	Without break for thought , the werewolf charged the first , grabbing him about the hamstring and hurling him hard into the other vampire .
tr	PRES	Below one of the large trees , set slightly apart from the others , stands a man cloaked in shadow .
tr	PAST	I feared for his safety !
tr	PAST	I froze , knowing I should probably slide over and give him some room , but I couldn 't seem to find the motivation to do so .
tr	PRES	She shone it through the gap .
tr	PRES	" Three points . "
tr	PRES	I had a bad dream , ' she whispers .
tr	PRES	Elena looked up at her husband , her cheeks damp with tears .
tr	PRES	With giggles , probably , or just bewilderment .
tr	PRES	Chapter 35 Jessie I woke up out of a deep sleep to someone beating on my door .
tr	PRES	The metal gate slides closed .
tr	PAST	When she winced , Cale 's fingers caressed her arm .
tr	PRES	That decision still stands .
tr	PRES	He releases my arms and brings one of his hands to my face .
tr	PAST	The other slayers around me stole glances my way .
tr	PAST	Are you ready to have your secret revealed ? "
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	The firelight coming from the nearby courtyard provided enough light to make out three silhouettes .
tr	PRES	Miya snaps , " Well , I say get the hell out of the house because the town is going to blow up ! "
tr	PRES	Thayer sighs , running his fingers through his hair so that it stands up like an exclamation point on top of his head .
tr	PAST	Actually , more precisely early June 1975 .
tr	PAST	Guy eyed him dubiously .
tr	PRES	Dropping beside me , he opens his pack and removes the terrible flowered dress that the innkeeper 's wife gave me .
tr	PRES	Until then , your own adventures await and along the way you will certainly find the next piece to the puzzle of your destiny .
tr	PAST	His fat hands clutched the splintered wooden shaft of a French carbine .
tr	PRES	" Another guest ? "
tr	PRES	Let ´ s just get this over with already , " I add .
tr	PAST	The bike underneath him wagged side to side and in rhythm with his pumping legs .
tr	PRES	She destroys the last one , and then drops to her knees beside me , tucking her swords back into her harness .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around them and rests his chin on his knees .
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PRES	" Ten grand . "
tr	PRES	" Not Tessa ? "
tr	PAST	After bringing Jess to a quick but effective climax , he retreated up her body , kissing her slowly using just his lips .
tr	PAST	Then Deborah hopped off Diana 's bed .
tr	PRES	His elbow pushes down into my ribs as he wobbles to get up .
tr	PAST	Anticipation churned inside him as it did during those last sixty seconds before take off .
tr	PRES	Run , " he teased .
tr	PAST	The gigantic plastic lizard pitched forward , carving a trench in the ground just shy of the road .
tr	PRES	The power of the ancient Maori spirit world weaves through their lives in unique ways .
tr	PRES	Looking relieved , he touches my cheek gently .
tr	PRES	The strength in my arms wraps around Samuel to the point that I can feel all the breath rush out of him .
tr	PAST	Then she regained her composure .
tr	PRES	" Ahh , " she murmurs with a nod .
tr	PAST	Who would not have lied to save Jews in our own time from genocide at the hands of the Third Reich ?
tr	PRES	Isaiah rounds on me , and I fall back onto my bottom in terror .
tr	PAST	" You stole from me , Bec .
tr	PAST	Then they all collapsed on the ground in exhaustion .
tr	PRES	His engine roars as he speeds up , Robert mimics him and the engine of the seven seater screams as well .
tr	PAST	Arms outstretched , they groped eagerly at the metal box .
tr	PRES	The driver lies dead only steps from the controls .
tr	PRES	" You OK with me being here ? "
tr	PRES	About your ... similar pasts . "
tr	PRES	Something pushes her to help the weakened girl , struggling to resist the slowly closing portal , pulling her in .
tr	PAST	I scooted forward , straining my ears to listen .
tr	PAST	His braids tickled her neck with every movement he made .
tr	PAST	She sped over the fields , and when the hall 's threshold appeared before her , she did not slow down -- she only raced faster .
tr	PAST	Vega accompanied the main body while two guitarists and Aros laid down suppression .
tr	PAST	Winston and Star clutched their splintered oars , glancing around for new assailants -- but none came .
tr	PAST	The little drake cocked her head at his stare and cooed what sounded like a question .
tr	PAST	She dumped some water on her chest and started rubbing the mud around .
tr	PAST	The rat 's whiskers tickled her neck .
tr	PAST	But something pinched at the back of his mind this second time of hearing it .
tr	PAST	Her painted eyes went wide with delight .
tr	PRES	The Accords ... " " I 'm sure it Will all be all right , Charlotte , " said Henry mildly .
tr	PAST	John hopped down from the tree , coming over to the fire .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the ground , unconscious .
tr	PRES	She snuck into bed and promised herself to be less " motherly , " as Ryan had put it .
tr	PRES	" It wears off , remember ? "
tr	PRES	" Who kills women and drains them of their blood ? "
tr	PAST	When the music stopped , the woman froze mid move , like a statue .
tr	PAST	He sought a clear shot to take out his target .
tr	PRES	They assume I might be gay , too .
tr	PRES	The press passes she had received had Senator Maxwell 's Victory Celebration written on them .
tr	PRES	Before I went undercover .
tr	PRES	Though you won 't consciously remember The Cat Factory , unconsciously your spirit remembers everything .
tr	PAST	I shuffled over to her , sitting down .
tr	PAST	He always pretended to be bothered .
tr	PRES	Hopelessness shone in his tiny face , a despair that had no place in any child 's eyes .
tr	PAST	A smug smile curved his lips .
tr	PRES	You just dissed your bro for a - " " Max , " Martin sighs .
tr	PRES	I ha ' nt had a chance ' t ' talk about the good ol " days fer a long time now . "
tr	PAST	Now Will chased the dog .
tr	PRES	She likes to drink and gamble , and he liked to chase anything in a skirt .
tr	PAST	She eyed him and he didn 't know what to make of that look .
tr	PRES	She deserves better than the brokenness inside me .
tr	PAST	In one swift movement , he hopped on the bike and kicked the kickstand into its socket .
tr	PAST	The recorder beeped as it began taping my message .
tr	PRES	As he passes through customs , he sees Kamil waiting for him on the other side of the sliding doors .
tr	PRES	But she refuses . "
tr	PAST	The screams pierced the quiet and I jumped , almost accidentally firing a bullet into the air .
tr	PAST	In the hall the smoke still lingered as the men fought against each other , not knowing the difference between a comrade and a crazy bitch .
tr	PRES	A big , full of confusion , headache .
tr	PAST	Surprisingly , many of them distinguished themselves in later years , in fields as diverse as the culinary arts and the sciences .
tr	PRES	Until the sun falls from the sky .
tr	PAST	She inhaled and smelled his sexy cologne .
tr	PAST	She untied it slowly and dropped it in the Thermos .
tr	PRES	She clutches an oversized cloth handbag , her eyes darting around nervously .
tr	PAST	The immense flame coalesced into a tight spiral that rocket into the sky above the henge .
tr	PRES	The further she gets , the more it shocks .
tr	PAST	I tensed and waited for what would be one of the most romantic moments of my entire life .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on Gabriel 's before death took him from his knees to his face .
tr	PRES	" Her leg healed perfectly .
tr	PRES	Jack holds up a copy of the The Times .
tr	PRES	That , too , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Dominic whispers back in the same quiet tone .
tr	PRES	Science Fiction novels from the early twenty-first century .
tr	PRES	The shuttle slides hard starboard as Hit takes it up , the wind buffeting us all the way .
tr	PRES	" Except it signals my death ! "
tr	PAST	With Bobcat and Little Hawk , Johnnie circled to the left , aiming to find whoever had run from the saloon in that direction .
tr	PRES	A silence stretches across the room .
tr	PRES	" He loves us all , but you have turned yourself into a rebel . "
tr	PRES	I assume it 's imitation . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm never going to be able to sleep , " I mumbled into the darkness .
tr	PAST	Like a magnet , his gaze zeroed in on its target and the temperature in the room soared upward .
tr	PAST	" I 've seen you go through your mom 's purse , " she announced .
tr	PAST	A careful application of pomade and comb , and Joe B. emerged confidently from the steamy mists of the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Principal Rivera sat behind her desk , hands clasped together atop a manila folder that contained Haven 's school file .
tr	PRES	" The priority remains the same .
tr	PAST	He kisses me one more time and then steps away from me , my hands still clutched in his .
tr	PRES	Mom glances up at Dad , the corner of her mouth twitching a bit .
tr	PAST	She eyed him suspiciously , but she wanted this house .
tr	PRES	Because every time something happens in Planet Tyler and Shannon , they drag it up again .
tr	PRES	" I assume you are releasing at about 45,000 feet , Colonel ? "
tr	PAST	Jane motioned to the refrigerator .
tr	PRES	" Looking for the safe , sweetheart ? "
tr	PAST	Her muscles instantly tensed again .
tr	PAST	He pursued me until I saw it , too .
tr	PAST	18 RACE ACROSS TOWN Jake sensed the centurion 's eyes on the back of his neck as he tried to think of some way to sneak off .
tr	PAST	" I saw her as the most incredible woman I 've ever known , " Linc countered .
tr	PRES	Grizzly bears , brown bears , Kodiak bears ... his dad wasn 't a stickler for reality when it came to a bear 's natural habitat .
tr	PAST	Ava hopped off her stool .
tr	PRES	Here lies the body of Erasmus Throckmorton .
tr	PRES	Derek 's voice rises .
tr	PAST	It bounced on the ground halfway between her and the target .
tr	PRES	The blood shone black in the night .
tr	PAST	Archie lounged in his chair , a faint smile on his face .
tr	PAST	If anything , it saddened .
tr	PRES	Whenever I asked him about it , he carefully evaded my questions .
tr	PRES	Epilogue Adrian Hate rips through me , blinding me with a blur of crimson red .
tr	PAST	Whitney giggled as he successfully tickled her ribs .
tr	PRES	The band begins playing a slow song .
tr	PRES	People , male or female , usually endeavor to please him .
tr	PRES	" To my place , Tony ! "
tr	PAST	An ash floated down on the air , landing on the ground beneath her feet .
tr	PAST	Mallory eyed me warily .
tr	PRES	He remains very grave .
tr	PAST	They , the people , dared to want me to be their leader .
tr	PRES	Roller coasters , diving airplanes , rockets being shot to other universes at light speed , more falls than he could ever count .
tr	PAST	With time paused for a few precious moments , I seized the opportunity to open the door to my sister 's room and slip inside .
tr	PRES	Tears shone in her eyes .
tr	PAST	" A shadow , the firelight reflected on the wall .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand to show perfectly shaped nails painted hot pink with black polka dots .
tr	PAST	A sudden glint of light stole my attention to the house across the street .
tr	PRES	Evelyn pushes her hands into her hair , clenching her fingers around the thick locks .
tr	PRES	Her inside arm snuck around Doc 's waist .
tr	PAST	Eleanor emerged from the cabin to find that they were floating in the middle of the wide canal .
tr	PRES	" Jack Blaze . "
tr	PAST	She trusted you ! "
tr	PRES	Wax or paint or new gold leaf shone from every surface .
tr	PAST	Jo exclaimed triumphantly as the beam reached her neck .
tr	PAST	A chill breath of wind tickled the back of her neck -- or was it wind ?
tr	PAST	In her opinion , his truck matched his inflated ego .
tr	PAST	" Her Royal Highness approaches , Sir , " Rory announced breathlessly .
tr	PRES	I shout into the receiver as I slam the phone down .
tr	PRES	And he likes to watch .
tr	PRES	" Do not worry , Gil .
tr	PAST	He wagged his brow and pulled his girlfriend closer .
tr	PAST	No Fear My teeth chattered .
tr	PRES	Again the cat approaches .
tr	PRES	But what about the Mickey thing ? "
tr	PAST	But given everything you 've been challenged with , it must make things even more difficult , " Dr. Cary stated as a matter of fact .
tr	PAST	He rinsed the bowls of pesto remains and turned to take the glasses from me .
tr	PRES	Izzy releases the back of my skull and leans back to full height .
tr	PAST	Myra attempted to lighten the mood .
tr	PAST	The younger queen absorbed that in silence for a moment .
tr	PRES	- I confess to having been shocked .
tr	PRES	Mel stops in front of an office door .
tr	PRES	" You lonely or something ? "
tr	PAST	I dismissed it , though , eager to feel his flesh firming in my hands .
tr	PAST	She chased after it , running between rows of peach trees .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head up and looked over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Rick .
tr	PRES	The girl beside me slices through it with her sword and it bursts into sparks of light then fades into nothing .
tr	PRES	He removes my hands and pushes me once again .
tr	PAST	" His office is on the first floor , " the receptionist volunteered , clearly eager to see her visitors gone .
tr	PAST	Other things tormented Damon , who had spent two entire sleepless days pondering them .
tr	PAST	You destroyed the sand house and ran away from him .
tr	PAST	He flung back the covers and swung his feet to the floor and , gripping the arm of the couch , stood up .
tr	PAST	He doubted that anything in that brilliant mind of hers was equipped to handle it .
tr	PRES	Life on a hilltop apparently wears away one 's manners .
tr	PRES	My mate lies dead from their abuse of her .
tr	PAST	It triggered my heart to beat faster and my skin to tingle .
tr	PRES	He slides his hand along my leg , making the silk of the dress rub provocatively over my skin .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , captain , " Aria states in his mind .
tr	PAST	He tugged off a glove and flexed his fingers , revealing a normal hand with black hairs on the knuckles .
tr	PRES	She remains squatting on the rock holding her hands in the pile of black dust .
tr	PAST	She slowed as she drove past Coen 's address .
tr	PAST	He exploded and then leaned in to me , whispering in my ear .
tr	PAST	" Night , my dear , " he said , then tipped his head at the dark-haired knight who entered as he exited .
tr	PRES	Before I can agree to this , he flips me gently onto my stomach .
tr	PRES	He stands and gestures frantically for the rest of us to get on our feet .
tr	PAST	In my day , young ladies who behaved in a dishonest fashion received an appropriate punishment .
tr	PAST	Embarrassed by her lack of clothing , she retreated behind the center island and immediately felt more protected .
tr	PAST	He then tugged at her skirt , pulling it down around her knees .
tr	PRES	she whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	Its healing power fills her spirit , knocking down all of the barriers that were built in her heart and mind to protect her while she lived .
tr	PRES	But just now , when I said I needed to check on Elena and see why she hadn 't come in today , she freaked out .
tr	PAST	They chased women , and caught them often .
tr	PAST	The card also served as a skeleton key for most locked doors in D.C. .
tr	PAST	I flicked my wrist and could hear it slice through the air .
tr	PAST	Encouraged by what they both saw in front of them , they urged me to press on and show them what else I had found .
tr	PAST	He hauled her in after watching her for a long time .
tr	PRES	How his repeated infidelities ate away at her heart until her son was left with the mangled remains .
tr	PRES	Olga pushes Harley by the small of her back into the hiding place .
tr	PAST	He knew the girl would work better while she was with someone she trusted .
tr	PAST	He extended a gloved hand .
tr	PAST	Its height created a protective angle that shielded him from any bullets , so long as he stayed beyond the doorway .
tr	PRES	As they get to the top of the tower , the Mayor points out the scene before them .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want you to get hurt , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" And , hey , one more thing , buddy ... " " What is it ? "
tr	PRES	But I detect something more . "
tr	PAST	She inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly , then dropped the curtain and curled both hands around the white china coffee cup .
tr	PAST	She retreated as soon as she saw us , eyes averted .
tr	PRES	" Did you ever discover how our annulment was never finalized in Nevada ? "
tr	PRES	Ugh , only halfway through class .
tr	PAST	" Five , seven , one , three , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Guilt washed over me .
tr	PRES	Two brick towers buttressed the main building .
tr	PAST	Dorian stiffened at the subtle threat .
tr	PAST	He presses the back of his hand to my forehead .
tr	PRES	She gazes down the hill into the lower parking lot to see Tim dancing around the yellow Volkswagen Beetle .
tr	PRES	" The bunker ! "
tr	PRES	I almost shout , " Go away ! "
tr	PRES	At the same time , he reaches between us and pinches my clit .
tr	PRES	A car door slams and I walk to the kitchen window that looks out over the backyard .
tr	PAST	Her father 's voice intruded on the Disney movie she was watching with Whitney .
tr	PRES	" If that 's ok . "
tr	PAST	My hand on the handle of the door froze as I realized how close I had come to walking right into his trap .
tr	PAST	I heard you tell Reginald that , " she accused .
tr	PAST	She groped through her mind to find a question before Bonnie lost contact .
tr	PAST	Something about his eyes triggered a memory , and when he turned and looked at her , she knew .
tr	PRES	He brings out the worst in all of us .
tr	PAST	" Accompanied only by those he trusted best . "
tr	PAST	We exited the alley and split up .
tr	PAST	She still feared one of them would come back to finish what they 'd started , though Celeste had assured her she was safe and well protected .
tr	PRES	What ought I to do ? "
tr	PRES	They belong to the kingdom of heaven .
tr	PRES	So I screwed up .
tr	PAST	" Promises , promises , " I giggled into his ear as he rolled me over on the bed and hovered above me .
tr	PRES	Tristan stands up straighter , sweeping his hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	The Power Company dispatched a team to fix it .
tr	PRES	' Well , Pol ? '
tr	PRES	I lean to the right to keep it from tearing into my thigh .
tr	PAST	Surreal jolted , then looked toward the stairs .
tr	PAST	My brain vacated its usual state , and the gusts blew reality into the far reaches of my consciousness .
tr	PAST	The side of his head exploded onto the wall next to us .
tr	PRES	" Because he only likes stupid girls who want one-night stands . "
tr	PRES	Judith likes you . '
tr	PAST	The initial coroner 's report blamed the tragedy on dementia secondary to chronic alcohol poisoning .
tr	PAST	" Were you baptized ? "
tr	PRES	" Hush , Daemon , hush . "
tr	PRES	" That 's how you didn 't know , " I chuckle with Prewitt .
tr	PRES	' Why drag God into it ? '
tr	PRES	A smoky voice from the far reaches of laid back dementia .
tr	PRES	He reaches in to touch my arms and the feeling only makes me more desperate to die .
tr	PRES	" Good afternoon gentlemen , I am Nathan Taylor , most recently of Fort Meade , Maryland . "
tr	PRES	Strength and courage no longer dwelt in him ; they departed like the wolves .
tr	PRES	" She deserves the truth , no matter what it is . "
tr	PRES	" I assume it means his wife didn 't use it much . "
tr	PRES	" You 're staring , " teased a soft voice beside him .
tr	PAST	One of powerful restraint , and yet she sensed that he didn 't want to attract anyone 's attention .
tr	PAST	That it was staged for some reason to do with Grieg being killed . "
tr	PRES	Mrs. Celeste Wood . "
tr	PRES	The pieces still entranced Darling , for whom the woven metal and plastic were brilliant with the fiery spaces of the factory that had inspired them .
tr	PRES	He explains that Nicola was here until midnight experimenting with the embalming fluid .
tr	PRES	" Of course it is , " she teased .
tr	PAST	" I ... " my tongue froze , being torn between two words .
tr	PRES	" No , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	Glass falls to the pavement .
tr	PAST	She steered her purple Neon across town , in the opposite direction from school , humming to herself .
tr	PRES	She sighs and rests her head against the pillow .
tr	PRES	A moral man in the midst of corruption deserves respect even from a jaded , hard-nosed crime fighting veteran like himself .
tr	PRES	In some parts of the brain , the discharge focus produces a shaking fit , frothing at the mouth , and so on .
tr	PAST	Wouldn 't be the worst thing she 'd eaten , he surmised .
tr	PRES	Jason stops about 50 feet away from us , and tentatively reaches forward to what looks like a broken door .
tr	PRES	Now , how much of that is in her head and her head alone remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	The men cheered again .
tr	PRES	She likes the same music as I do !
tr	PAST	Rico pondered that question and was sure Manning was doing the same at this very moment .
tr	PRES	" What happened next remains a blur .
tr	PAST	" You slut , how dare you show your face here . "
tr	PRES	It bursts out of me , as if I 'm gasping for air after being immersed in a deep pool .
tr	PRES	He climbs back into the ambulance and is off .
tr	PRES	She wears her hair differently making herself appear older .
tr	PRES	" That 's what Reece said , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Skyla glances past my shoulder before meeting my gaze .
tr	PAST	I sensed his disappointment in finding me here in the Coffin Club .
tr	PRES	" He lacks integrity , and she 's better off changing her mind about him . "
tr	PAST	Emily stiffened under the weight of Ali 's head .
tr	PRES	Jared deserves to die for trying to keep you submissive , trapped , and vulnerable .
tr	PAST	Daemon leaped up , knocking the chair over .
tr	PRES	" In the alley . "
tr	PRES	chapter eighteen I sat in my office , rearranging the piles of paper on my desk once more .
tr	PAST	The stairs bounced off the hull , and then his fingers slipped .
tr	PAST	She buzzed for the nurse , determined to take only half the amount of painkillers they 'd administered yesterday .
tr	PRES	It fits and turns .
tr	PRES	The dead ex-boyfriend rises to steal away the woman of his dreams .
tr	PAST	He mumbled an agreement , backing off and going into the lavatory .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through his wife 's clothes until he found a brown cloak .
tr	PAST	Please don 't be Max , I prayed .
tr	PRES	She glances from Kai , to Murphy , then to Ervin joining the group brushing sand from the scrapes across his chest .
tr	PRES	" When that account goes below twenty thousand , the bank automatically transfers funds from my line of credit to top it off . "
tr	PRES	" It always changes .
tr	PRES	I tip my head back to take in the Gothic architecture .
tr	PAST	His rich , rugged voice washed over her , sounding awkward and tired and oh-so close .
tr	PRES	" Her Majesty wishes to see Your Highness .
tr	PRES	She collects her phone from the desk and tosses it into her bag , then heads for the door .
tr	PRES	In Matthew 12 , Jesus talks about a man who had an evil spirit and it was cast out .
tr	PAST	Hippolytus grunted some small blasphemy about useless Greek physicians .
tr	PRES	In more ways than one , after viewing her glistening skin , damp hair and creamy exposed skin .
tr	PAST	The leader of the pack , Carlos , topped a rise at full speed .
tr	PRES	" My poor people , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	Nobody frowns over a good clothing sale ! "
tr	PAST	" Is my assistance desired ? "
tr	PRES	" You ... you never chew gum .
tr	PAST	He whipped open the closet and stared in at the rows of expensive suits , the drawers full of designer shirts .
tr	PAST	He trusted the wolves ' instincts .
tr	PAST	" Whoever built this place is about a thousand times more advanced than I could ever dream of becoming .
tr	PAST	" The recipe is in my book , " she crowed at Joanna as she passed , gesturing to a glossy cookbook by her side .
tr	PRES	But through it all , a single thread matches , connecting here to that wad of cloth .
tr	PAST	" I 'm glad you got back safely , " Jenna persisted .
tr	PAST	The entity known as the Summoning Dark sped through streets of eternal night , past misty buildings of memory that wavered at its passage .
tr	PAST	" I 'm well , thank you , " she sniffed .
tr	PAST	He came forward , but for every step he took , Jamie retreated two .
tr	PAST	" I think not as well , " Quinn concurred .
tr	PRES	Junie begins to break off from Hulls to go with Gunny , her face sullen .
tr	PRES	We arrive at a pair of closed double oak doors .
tr	PRES	" I saw you giving sweets to your new girlfriend , " Nate teased as he and Pigeon walked out of the room .
tr	PRES	Startling them Loki 's voice fills the chamber .
tr	PAST	Despite everything their cheeks glowed with vigor and their robes remained tight against their forms .
tr	PAST	Buck 's arm curved around me as his words were lofted across the water by a momentary breeze .
tr	PAST	Immediately the DVDs exploded off the table in every direction , sweeping everything beside them onto the floor with a loud , crashing cascade of noise .
tr	PRES	" Equipment breakdown ! "
tr	PAST	We exited the house and strolled along the gravel pathway towards the waiting carriages and the countryside beyond .
tr	PAST	asked Cori turning back to the girl , she nodding in confirmation .
tr	PRES	It approached me , its posture timid , and crouched by my side looking for approval .
tr	PRES	" The Legion ? "
tr	PRES	She giggles in confirmation .
tr	PAST	Pauline never ceased to amaze me .
tr	PAST	Again she pretended to trip at top speed .
tr	PAST	It replaced a temple to Aphrodite that had occupied the same site for approximately two hundred years . "
tr	PAST	" And ... somehow I absorbed his souls inside my head , and he absorbed my beast . "
tr	PRES	At that moment my mind begins to wander back to Cherie , and how disappointed she would be if she really knew how her life worked .
tr	PRES	Five gazes back at Nine , saying nothing .
tr	PRES	" So you blackmailed them ? "
tr	PAST	She stripped both single beds as fast as she could , leaving the duvets in a pile on the floor .
tr	PRES	After a moment of silent resistance , his icy soul fills mine .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could avoid myself , " Rachel mumbled .
tr	PRES	In reality , of course , the poor creature holds no attraction whatsoever for the man concerned . "
tr	PAST	My name on his lips triggered my release and brought me along with him .
tr	PAST	His reaction baffled her .
tr	PRES	" You won 't win , Gin , " she crowed .
tr	PRES	" Apparently he wishes to see you , to ensure that you have recovered after the shooting . "
tr	PRES	" Not everyone sees what 's obvious ... or true . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't ever mention that name again , " she hisses , pushing down on my leg .
tr	PAST	Sali 's phone buzzed with a text .
tr	PAST	Tara exploded , taking large , threatening steps toward the man .
tr	PRES	" My sham of a marriage . "
tr	PRES	" Is everything ok now ? "
tr	PAST	Hiking boots with red laces , pressed and cuffed jeans , long-sleeved t-shirt and green ski vest .
tr	PRES	My sister tends to say what 's on her mind . "
tr	PAST	" You lied to me , Phil .
tr	PRES	Several other reporters shout out questions simultaneously , including : " What 's it been like to receive a hero 's welcome ? "
tr	PAST	I sniffed softly , trying to stop before anybody else entered the kitchen and saw me crying .
tr	PAST	Thick curtains eliminated any hint of the sunshine that sparkled outside , and the two oil lamps failed to dispel the general gloom .
tr	PAST	" Phillip ruled most of the east coast .
tr	PRES	You 're just not going to believe it , " I teased them .
tr	PAST	He motioned for the waitress .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around my stomach , as though I can press it deep and down .
tr	PAST	Taking deep breaths , she shrieked as her thigh twisted of its own accord at an odd angle .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , wanting to evaporate into air and be freed from this awful place .
tr	PAST	" I think we might have reached the place where we 're supposed to go ashore , " he announced .
tr	PRES	Without any twigs snapping or leaves crackling under her paws , cushioned by the soft sand , she stealthily approaches her prey .
tr	PAST	At Angie 's entrance , the kids squealed and flocked to her , all talking at once , vying for her attention .
tr	PAST	The dark world around him suddenly exploded in blinding white lights followed instantly by a pistol shot crack of thunder .
tr	PRES	He points at the drawing of the broken mirror on my wall .
tr	PAST	She weaved between other boulders , using the beast 's size and weight against him .
tr	PAST	" What about Thad ?
tr	PAST	Dmitry hadn 't cracked up , he chided himself .
tr	PAST	His chin nuzzled Corinne 's hair .
tr	PRES	The captain sighs over the earpiece and launches into his message .
tr	PRES	Serena tries her hand at another arrow .
tr	PRES	" To the Ice Museum ? "
tr	PAST	I thanked him for the ride after school and reached for the car door handle .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her glasses and looked down , checking her phone for the feed .
tr	PAST	An unexplained disappearance blamed on the fact that she was on the run and mentally ill .
tr	PAST	" You must understand , my boy , " the voice of the colonel boomed out .
tr	PRES	' So , Akash loves you , right ? '
tr	PAST	Lucas squinted , as if the light was too much for his eyes .
tr	PRES	Drew bursts out laughing .
tr	PRES	" At least that explains something . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , Lora , " mumbled Captain Hayfield , straightening his sweatshirt with one hand .
tr	PRES	Finally , the king stops , and raises himself up again .
tr	PRES	Each facet holds or at least may hold some truth , but none holds all of it .
tr	PRES	Mum helps out kids with learning problems , and does some teaching in the school when one of the regular teachers is off sick .
tr	PRES	" I assume you haven 't heard what happened . "
tr	PAST	She froze and then abruptly pulled away from him .
tr	PAST	Hurt pierced Danica 's heart .
tr	PRES	He hooks his arm around me , pulling me gently .
tr	PAST	Mairi perked up as an idea occurred to her .
tr	PAST	" Mom , I dreamed about David . "
tr	PAST	His eyes matched the sky behind him , a gray with just enough blue to make it soft .
tr	PAST	Sandy and I collected loose rock from the cliffs and river banks to build the back and the sides to hold the racks .
tr	PAST	Alex cocked his head , " huh ? "
tr	PAST	How could she have ever doubted he was a barbarian ?
tr	PRES	The video file opens and shows Sebastian sitting in a plain grey room .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through my mind at the same time that my stomach dropped through the soles of my feet .
tr	PAST	Dad trudged to his armchair and let out a groan of his own as he sat down .
tr	PRES	In the end , my faith even offers another viewpoint on our own people 's past .
tr	PRES	" He loves you in the best way that he can .
tr	PRES	Ethan frowns as he rakes his fingers through his hair , making it stick up on the top .
tr	PAST	I tugged the hem of his shirt until Will finally sat up and ripped it off his body .
tr	PAST	The closer they are to the ocean , the more the vacation rentals cost .
tr	PRES	As you may have gathered , the president and I exist in separate lives .
tr	PRES	And then he sees me .
tr	PRES	I 'm surprised the dudes aren 't all camped at your doorstep waiting for another naked sighting , " Paul teased .
tr	PAST	I finally claimed them .
tr	PRES	" Shall we commence with the paperwork . "
tr	PAST	I collapsed against the wall , breathing heavily through my mouth , trying not to cry .
tr	PAST	Colorful birds and small , gangly monkeys hopped from tree branch to tree branch in a ballet of jungle life .
tr	PRES	" Good afternoon , Rick , ladies . "
tr	PAST	I shuffled over to make room for Sam , who sat beside me with an uneasy glance toward the syringe in the nurse 's hands .
tr	PAST	I froze , and James peered through the trees that surrounded us .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , using her old nickname for her friend .
tr	PAST	Most of all , he sensed her fear .
tr	PRES	The four hills , Coulter repeated softly , watching the enormous figure vanish into the mist .
tr	PRES	" Can you provide saddles , as well ? "
tr	PAST	She purses her lips for a moment as if to compose herself , before continuing .
tr	PAST	Before they picked a topic , John slowed the Suburban .
tr	PAST	Each member of the crew , then proceeded to bombard Mandrake and Simone with questions .
tr	PRES	" God dammit , I can 't do this , " I mutter , kicking at the dirt .
tr	PRES	She breathes a sigh of relief , thankful that she didn 't do any more hair straightening when she was still pregnant .
tr	PRES	My back arches as he breaks through my barrier , filling me with his girth .
tr	PRES	Me , with my endless scrutinising thoughts , my inexplicable fascination for humans .
tr	PAST	Whatever his faults , Keith cleaned up well .
tr	PAST	Stu inquired a tense moment later .
tr	PAST	Her angry protest vibrated through both of them .
tr	PRES	Her smile softens as she tilts into me .
tr	PRES	She exhales , and I take a step farther into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" That tickles . "
tr	PAST	Anne Marie joked , peering through the visor .
tr	PAST	After looking around , he busted through the false wall in the corridor . "
tr	PAST	" It must be cursed , Steph , " he exclaimed , breaking into a sweat .
tr	PRES	A city presents many different faces , and it is up to the traveler to assemble the proper composite .
tr	PAST	My mother painted the Mortal Cup into Madame Dorothea 's tarot deck . "
tr	PRES	Faint sunlight shimmers through the grimy window . "
tr	PRES	" I wan na go home , " Sasha whispers , his tone thick with tears .
tr	PRES	" Not there , Lulu .
tr	PRES	" By the unholy gods of piss and fire , I ' l kil them both ! "
tr	PRES	" What kind of business proposition ?
tr	PRES	" So many misconceptions surround the notion of heroism .
tr	PAST	Emma 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	Selma mumbled thanks and sipped .
tr	PRES	' What journey ? '
tr	PAST	They pretended to hold phones by their ears .
tr	PAST	' I quit . '
tr	PAST	Just as the car flew into the misty void , Carol awoke in terror .
tr	PRES	Flynn reaches into his pack and pulls out a small can of food and a bottle of water .
tr	PRES	" We belong together . "
tr	PAST	he announced , and Young Sam chuckled .
tr	PRES	A string of constant reminders flow through my thoughts so I will not lose hold of it .
tr	PAST	The cooler fall temperatures required that I find a place indoors to swim ; as luck would have it my gym had such a place .
tr	PRES	* * * BY NOON , WE 'D eaten and hit the basketball court at Nico 's apartment complex .
tr	PAST	He unfolded a sheet of paper and spread it out on the table .
tr	PAST	He beamed at me and said , " Good to meet you . "
tr	PAST	She nuzzled his nose before returning him to Wren .
tr	PAST	He acted out of mercy .
tr	PRES	" Close your mouth , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I flicked my fingers in the air to show that he 'd disappeared .
tr	PRES	He sighs when I 've finished .
tr	PRES	The flood of relief overwhelming .
tr	PAST	Michael clutched the door frame , afraid for a moment that his knees were going to give out .
tr	PRES	" What about Russian ? "
tr	PAST	She balled up a fist in her lap .
tr	PRES	I scratch behind my neck .
tr	PAST	She regarded it with a sigh .
tr	PAST	She grunted as she squeezed through the awkward opening .
tr	PRES	Tuxedos , formal gowns and traditional tribal wraps provided a magnificent blend of beauty that reflected the couple 's modern tastes while acknowledging time-honored customs .
tr	PAST	From Joseph 's tent , a young girl emerged and she smiled shyly at Joseph as she passed , saying something that made him laugh .
tr	PAST	Gabe gritted as he stared at Drake with fury boiling in his dark gaze .
tr	PAST	And he dreamed of everything that he wanted to give her .
tr	PRES	He points over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	She lies beneath him , moaning and writhing and calling his name .
tr	PAST	She smoked cigarettes through a filter .
tr	PAST	Pete fled his apartment because his rent had risen to astronomical , incomprehensible numbers , and he was several month 's rent behind .
tr	PRES	" No one deserves anything .
tr	PAST	As it drew closer , Joshua identified it -- like in the painting , it was a giant cicada bird .
tr	PRES	" Wel , that explains that !
tr	PRES	It lacks one vital component that not even the President , should he be willing , could make happen fast enough .
tr	PRES	Totally ruined the surprise . "
tr	PAST	My heart sped up when I read the second text , which was from Evan .
tr	PAST	Her hand moved toward his , he clasped onto it .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PRES	I feel something stir in my chest , something worse than sadness , worse than regret .
tr	PAST	She smacked him and then settled down into one of the comfortable lounge chairs .
tr	PRES	The mouth of the storm opens through me , teeth and tongue and throat .
tr	PAST	Claire inhaled through her nose , controlling her temper with effort .
tr	PRES	The minute we took the empty plates out to the kitchen , they reclaimed the territory .
tr	PAST	" Garfield lingered eleven weeks before he died .
tr	PRES	Are they only going to hold sparring matches in the big center one ? "
tr	PRES	A beautiful girl lies in the bed , covered up to her waist by blankets .
tr	PRES	My blood sings in my ears .
tr	PRES	" You tempt me , sir . "
tr	PAST	It exploded when it shattered upon the bloated frame of the immense infected freak .
tr	PAST	As evening rolled around , however , those clandestine searches proved as fruitless as the easier ones .
tr	PAST	The hull curve acted like a lens to focus energy within the ship ... unless reflector and shell shielding systems compensated .
tr	PRES	" Did the packages arrive for Ms. Mason ? "
tr	PRES	Her words surround me and bury themselves inside me .
tr	PRES	" Dante , " he hisses into Dante 's ear .
tr	PRES	I lean between the seats , reaching back to her , and click the thing into place .
tr	PRES	She ... should be ... arrested . "
tr	PAST	Neither one of them cowered from anyone or anything .
tr	PAST	With practiced ease she floated while she turned toward the shoreline to spot Severance .
tr	PAST	A dozen dogs still pursued them .
tr	PAST	" Darlin ' , you were almost going backwards , " he joked .
tr	PRES	I fell back on my heels , my blood-soaked hands unsteady .
tr	PRES	" Ah , so she likes calling me Dr. Blake . "
tr	PAST	He emerged from the concealing shadows of the trees , and the moonlight illuminated the perfection of his face .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed the boy I knew , the boy I slept with , would grow up to become a cold-blooded murderer .
tr	PRES	The man loves you .
tr	PAST	He flattened his hand on her soft , warm belly .
tr	PAST	The car circled several times and then parked near a grove of trees .
tr	PRES	Its waves crash softly on the light brown sandy shores .
tr	PRES	" He sees me and hears me sometimes .
tr	PRES	I lean into his side .
tr	PAST	A wry smile curved her lips .
tr	PRES	He or she lets each one go by , thinking , ' another will follow and it will be the best of the day ' .
tr	PRES	Yeah , he likes Mel .
tr	PRES	The sun shone down intensely , not a cloud in the sky .
tr	PAST	I wept with Mary at Golgotha . "
tr	PRES	She talks to us like ... we are people , too . "
tr	PAST	An old woman emerged from the house , wearing only a wispy nightgown that clung to her frail frame in the light breeze .
tr	PRES	Kraken points at Wallace 's chest for emphasis .
tr	PRES	" Promise me , Persephone , " whispered Hermes , and at last I nodded .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled at the thought of the real dinner I 'd passed up with Mr. Hall .
tr	PRES	The forearm fades into nothingness before ever reaching the elbow , though the limb is much more visible than the first time Mai saved him .
tr	PAST	He exhaled completely , and when he spoke again , he spoke a lot louder in an effort to feel saner .
tr	PAST	Her whole body tensed at his words .
tr	PRES	" Two shots ? "
tr	PRES	I relish having something to lay before her besides more deaths .
tr	PAST	After examining the length , he secured the other end around a stone protuberance .
tr	PAST	Its remote location protected it from the Yankees .
tr	PRES	Everything fits into the grand scheme of things .
tr	PAST	He flicked his hair from his eyes , avoiding the subject of my instrument completely .
tr	PAST	Jim flung his arm back without looking to loosen the man 's grab but slapped his face in the process .
tr	PAST	Rema inhaled a large breath and slowly let it out , trying to remain calm .
tr	PRES	he taps his index fingers together once and waits for me to answer .
tr	PRES	" My companions await my crossing in the way of theirs .
tr	PRES	He pushes an intercom button and asks his assistant to send Mr. Blakely in .
tr	PAST	Jace dove into the waves and took off toward her .
tr	PRES	" I 'm a growing boy , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	A few feet away from the edge , he releases me , spreads out the blanket and sits with his bent legs spread apart .
tr	PRES	Serena lets out her own breath .
tr	PAST	I downed the pill , wincing at the burn as it slid down my throat .
tr	PRES	" Your highness . "
tr	PRES	" Whoa , " he breathes , and I am beginning to think that is his catchphrase .
tr	PRES	Now , nearly ten years later , all of New England allows gay marriage , and life goes on , serene and content . "
tr	PAST	" Later , I chalked it up to a crush .
tr	PAST	In its place , I sensed his thrill .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , Major . "
tr	PAST	Pulling the shorts on over her swimsuit , she quickly zipped and buttoned , then breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	" Because you belong to me . "
tr	PRES	" Not the caster ? "
tr	PRES	The barrel shone dully in the moonlight , roughly six feet away .
tr	PAST	The piercing tone in my ear drums lessened and the darkness lifted off of me like the heaviest blanket being pulled by the weakest limbs .
tr	PAST	I plopped down face first onto his bed and let go .
tr	PRES	Fuzzy slippers optional . "
tr	PRES	" No , they couldn " t !
tr	PRES	" Nice nap ? "
tr	PAST	His caring touch fractured the wall erected between her mind and heart .
tr	PRES	Diana wears everything except her long coat .
tr	PRES	She winks at him and then comes back out with ... " " Soup laced with the hottest hot sauce you 've ever tasted ? "
tr	PAST	Guilt washed across Erin .
tr	PAST	Then he reversed the spin by letting up on the left handlebar and pulling the right one back .
tr	PRES	" What about tax returns ?
tr	PRES	We were meant to be together , he whispers telepathically .
tr	PAST	I eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PRES	She holds the papers away from her , annoyed .
tr	PAST	Had someone dumped me here ?
tr	PRES	Knox reaches up and cups my face between his hands .
tr	PRES	" Breaking and entering , eh ?
tr	PAST	The draw of the admiration glimmering in his eyes proved as heady as his touch .
tr	PAST	I unclipped it and glanced at the screen .
tr	PRES	Harlin glances over his shoulder , and River stops short , quickly looking between us .
tr	PRES	She deserves to be loved . "
tr	PAST	Destiny sought out every back alley she could think of , stalking the streets trying desperately to look like a victim .
tr	PRES	My mother stands in the aisle with her arm stretched above her head so she can hold the bar .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me , squinting to see me in the shadows .
tr	PRES	" Which airport ? "
tr	PAST	The lieutenant saluted and went out .
tr	PRES	Realm 's mouth opens , a knowing expression on his face .
tr	PAST	And taught to Mercer by older Sheriffs no doubt , maybe going all the way back to those first Councils attended by Vernon Monroe .
tr	PAST	Jace swiped an apple , sliced it expertly in two , and offered half to Clary .
tr	PAST	Much to his annoyance , the memory of their kiss lingered with him .
tr	PAST	She referred to Natasha by name .
tr	PRES	" I " ve everything I want . "
tr	PRES	But despite my service , paradise still falls .
tr	PRES	To prepare for the cold , Alma wove an additional sweater for each of her men .
tr	PAST	The humid air , the torture , and his sweat created a cloud of wet stink and pain .
tr	PAST	Of course he abandoned you .
tr	PAST	While Harris dozed on Miles ' lap , they perused the many statutes -- Shakespeare , Robert Burns , Sir Walter Scott , Christopher Columbus .
tr	PRES	" I have to be dead , " I mutter , getting to my feet .
tr	PRES	The momentum carries me up the next hill and down again , even faster this time .
tr	PRES	" Lena , I - " Bang .
tr	PRES	Rian reaches his door and scans his hand against it .
tr	PRES	The fate of the world , why evil exists , why can 't you tickle yourself ... all that is somebody else 's problem .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , but then his voice turns serious .
tr	PRES	If she 's not reading or writing , she likes to walk , garden , and sew .
tr	PAST	Tessa tensed , ready for Zip to chase it .
tr	PRES	I lean into it , as pleasure flutters through my body .
tr	PRES	" Dear heavens . "
tr	PRES	Tiny pops of electricity danced across his clothing and through his hair as his feet stepped out onto soft green grass in a waning twilight .
tr	PAST	" Um ... I think so , " Gabrielle lied .
tr	PRES	I hiss like snake , first then grunt like a bear , second then wiggling my fashion boots and long hair for drama .
tr	PAST	Actually , I sensed you a couple years ago .
tr	PAST	Then the physicians carted him off to the dispensary .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head , she presses her lips together and hops into the truck .
tr	PAST	Jason 's eyes flicked from one kid to another , and he realized he was going to be seriously outnumbered in another minute .
tr	PAST	More of the children scampered and leapt into other trees .
tr	PAST	Another shiver shimmied along her spine when he left one warm hand resting on her shin and the other cradled her bare heel .
tr	PRES	Don 't you th -- " He froze as I stepped beside Grace .
tr	PAST	Returning to the group with a cocky grin and his hands extinguished , Aiden proudly announced , " Got ' em ! "
tr	PAST	" You just thanked a dog . "
tr	PAST	Apparently , he doubted her good sense , because he cast a sharp look at her and briefly tightened his grip in warning .
tr	PRES	" Everyone sitting on slow ships with nothing to do but chew on bad thoughts - we 'd have had blood on the decks in a week .
tr	PRES	Williams lines one into the right field seats just foul .
tr	PRES	Some fiend digs secret holes in this abyss - It never fills , however much she pours .
tr	PRES	She likes to call me Mini Peaches , even though her eyes fill with tears when she does . "
tr	PRES	Once Vivian was settled in for the night , she snuck into the galley and poisoned the bottle of wine .
tr	PAST	Greg pretended to assume that role , but he was wearing a disguise .
tr	PRES	" Someone fetch me a torch !
tr	PAST	" I 've got something really big planned for you , " his father 's words paraded through his mind .
tr	PRES	" No argument here . "
tr	PRES	Like she 's the one thing in the world that makes him happy , that really belongs to him . "
tr	PRES	An errant thought floats through my brain .
tr	PRES	We weaken each other 's powers . "
tr	PRES	She taps my temple gently .
tr	PRES	He opens my mind and heart and I can " see " others more clearly .
tr	PRES	He never lets me down .
tr	PRES	I flinch as the burn spreads across my skin .
tr	PRES	Pat explains that I 'll get another in a month or so when my face finally comes together .
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PRES	She just holds me and waits for me to pull away .
tr	PAST	" We 'll be staying here for now , " Julian announced .
tr	PRES	" Yesterday morning , a few minutes before noon . "
tr	PAST	Josh slowed down some .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " I blurt , then immediately say , " No . "
tr	PAST	Each of them scored hits , but Ebon suffered the worst of them .
tr	PRES	" Because she deserves it ?
tr	PAST	With bleary eyes , I collected my things and hurried off the plane .
tr	PAST	" Again , " he says , then lands another smack followed in quick succession by another .
tr	PRES	Once inside , he slams the door shut so hard it bangs back open .
tr	PAST	Overstreet withdrew a small spiral notebook and the stub of a pencil from his shirt pocket .
tr	PAST	He was floating in a tub of warm water , his head and shoulders supported on an inclined board .
tr	PRES	Graeme whipped his head around .
tr	PRES	After that girl of yours , what 's her name ... Melanie ... " " Melissa . "
tr	PAST	" Why explore when you have everything you need right here ? "
tr	PRES	" When did he ... " My voice fails me .
tr	PAST	They chased each other playfully through the darkness , howled their success when they brought down a deer .
tr	PAST	As he fell into the blue light , he experienced the world around him expanding and contracting , the laboratory both exploding and imploding .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven The wolf continued to thrash and snap at the air .
tr	PAST	While I proposed two days ago that all intelligent aliens that are about our size will look like us , what if they are not intelligent ?
tr	PRES	An edge of hurt creeps into her tone .
tr	PAST	It fled into the blackberry vines beside Cal 's fence without a backward glance .
tr	PAST	Her eyes darkened and the door violently opened , his massive arms blotted out the outside sun on my apartment door .
tr	PAST	It eyed her , then bowed its head .
tr	PRES	" If I 'm not a prisoner , surely I rate this simple consideration . "
tr	PRES	" Obviously , but what city ?
tr	PAST	His jaw tensed and he looked down at the floor , his hair falling over his eyes .
tr	PRES	He changes his shirt in front of you , and you think : You have no idea how much I love you .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Tony ? "
tr	PAST	He sensed their pursuers losing ground but he didn 't slow .
tr	PAST	She froze at his hollow , empty tone .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth crouched down beside Caroline and spoke softly .
tr	PAST	" Please , " I begged , desperate .
tr	PAST	Without hesitation , all six men conjured fire orbs .
tr	PAST	These bigger machines required two tokens .
tr	PAST	Culver , Trinidad , Wald , Francine , Moses , and Vance battled a ghost with three heads .
tr	PRES	Winter , rain , roots , rats , wolves probably . "
tr	PAST	Then , ' Say it again , ' he instructed .
tr	PRES	Those pills tempt you ; you 're still doing it .
tr	PRES	Money talks , even louder than gossip .
tr	PRES	I contented myself with poking a single hole in the tire .
tr	PRES	" It 's not really bad , " I protest .
tr	PAST	He rotated her foot this way and that , pressed her ankle , and then ran warm hands all over her foot .
tr	PRES	Some brunette girl stands by Nicole .
tr	PRES	He smiled slightly , needle teeth gleaming in the dark .
tr	PAST	She scooted back , higher against the pillows .
tr	PRES	One of her fins slice up , catching the feel of briny air .
tr	PAST	He squinted into the distance .
tr	PRES	Behind him , rapid shoe falls spattered onto the cement .
tr	PAST	When she looked thoroughly mutinous , Jordan 's voice became clipped : " Do you understand me , Alexandra ?
tr	PAST	" I trusted you to make the decision . "
tr	PAST	When he kicked it into drive and didn 't answer me , I persisted .
tr	PAST	Then , he cleaned up the sink and mirror .
tr	PAST	She remarks , her eyes on the sketchpad I just abandoned on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	I doubted they realized that I lived here at all .
tr	PRES	Suddenly he whipped around .
tr	PRES	When your heart breaks - when you lose something you want to win - it changes your world .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me from beneath his brow .
tr	PAST	She still referred to him as Dad .
tr	PAST	They advanced along the side of the road at a brisk walk .
tr	PAST	An upper window exploded outwards , and flames licked along the edge of the roof ; Moist ducked into the doorway as glass rained down .
tr	PRES	There was the gleam of simulated wood , highly polished , highlights on glass , long tables , the touch of steam in the air .
tr	PAST	" Like I 've got something clipped onto my boot .
tr	PAST	My heart sped , beating hard against the wall of my chest .
tr	PAST	, levitating off the bed for a second and then floating back down with my heart slowed to an unnatural rhythm .
tr	PRES	Dawkins bounced like a rag doll , chaps flying , one hand in the air .
tr	PRES	The hardwood floors of my apartment creak as I race to my room .
tr	PRES	But it affects them too and so I call for their blood to be shed .
tr	PAST	" Not yet , " Ashe grunted , lifting two hundred ten pounds .
tr	PRES	The fund almost pays the rent .
tr	PAST	" I found a secret door , " Tom stated .
tr	PAST	The mud sloshed as Madeline shifted positions .
tr	PRES	The jeans he wore felt like heavy weights on his legs , the fabric damp with sweat .
tr	PAST	He petted the rim of the bowl .
tr	PRES	As I try to catch bits of talk , it dawns on me that Aunt Clara hasn 't once consulted my opinion on these arrangements .
tr	PAST	His question intruded ; Maddie uttered a short gasp , swallowed , and then moistened her lips .
tr	PRES	Rosa whipped the bill out of Archer 's fingers and laughed all the way to the register .
tr	PRES	In the end , he loses everything , even his life .
tr	PRES	Silent night They flow South , and entered the Grand Canyon .
tr	PRES	" He loves you , Hailey .
tr	PAST	She exhaled loudly and took a seat on the edge of my bed .
tr	PRES	she whispers , leaning towards me with a tender look on her face .
tr	PRES	His flashlight shone on me , then to Dean , who was back to looking irritated .
tr	PAST	But before he rested , a sudden doubt assailed him , and he scanned the garden below .
tr	PAST	" Our recent expansion required a substantial increase in revenue and for obvious reasons , it isn 't there yet . "
tr	PRES	She fed sensuously , her body undulating against his , her buttocks pressing against him , the friction an enticement , a temptation .
tr	PRES	" Hang on and keep up with me , " I hiss .
tr	PAST	The one he was standing on rotated forward and up while the branch in front moved backward for him to step on .
tr	PAST	I hopped , grabbed my towel before it slid off me , and leaned back to glance through the window .
tr	PRES	" If you hadn 't been off on a secret rendezvous with your hubby , you could have come , too , " Blaire teased .
tr	PAST	Occasionally , a snow plow rumbled past the house .
tr	PRES	All his mark lists were there .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled his back .
tr	PRES	The second coherent thought stops me from doing just that .
tr	PRES	" The Cold War all over again ? "
tr	PAST	" But I 'm fine , " Lisa urged , putting her hand on my arm .
tr	PAST	Shay battled back the sickness that clutched at her stomach .
tr	PRES	" Then why involve us ?
tr	PAST	He prayed silently to himself , that it wasn 't a sign from the universe that all was coming unraveled .
tr	PAST	Thomas scooted up a little so his head could rest against the wall ; then he relaxed .
tr	PAST	Griff scoffed , " say what you like , you sound just like one of them . "
tr	PRES	And then the chameleon strikes .
tr	PRES	Every story of mine begins as nothing more than a simple Notepad file and then saved until completion before it 's revised .
tr	PAST	Their eyes glowed dreadfully against their pallid skins .
tr	PRES	He glances down to see that he only has his underwear on .
tr	PRES	" Alex , she 'd keep kil ing no matter what .
tr	PAST	" It was your own fault , " I chided him .
tr	PRES	Gwendolyn slides along the deck and impacts a support beam painfully , while her more experienced enemy find ways to stabilize themselves and hang on .
tr	PRES	He presents an alternative and calls it the only true one .
tr	PAST	She laid the paper down in her lap , her brain overloaded .
tr	PRES	Mikey points a finger sharply at me .
tr	PRES	She scoots further up onto the bed until her head meets the pillows .
tr	PRES	" Some of that was for washing , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	The girl sees me , but she 's surrounded by at least fifty orbs .
tr	PAST	Replaced with gulps and gasps of surprise as the vent collapsed , leaving the duo in a heap in the corridor .
tr	PRES	Did you abandon this attractive and intelligent young woman with two nearly infant dependent children , or not ? "
tr	PRES	And from what I hear , a total slut . "
tr	PAST	Her fingers crawled up his chest to caress his neck , her body melding with his in an unmistakable invitation .
tr	PAST	At first , no words tickled her tongue , and then , like water pouring over a precipice , they all came at once .
tr	PAST	He belted the white ball so hard that it leapt off the table and slammed into a nearby vending machine .
tr	PRES	Question number thirteen stops me cold .
tr	PRES	" Cut this strap , Gift . "
tr	PRES	" Chris , relax ; there is nothing to worry about .
tr	PRES	Nearly three hundred pounds , over six feet , and muscular from a ten year stint in prison .
tr	PRES	" Good evening , Jim , Marty . "
tr	PAST	Paddy wagon collected the suspect at the correct time , but it disappeared enroute .
tr	PRES	A vampire kills for the adrenaline in the blood and also the rush of power , a momentary thrill , when he kills .
tr	PRES	" What if she wears her hair in braids down her back ?
tr	PRES	One bruise to Joni 's forehead and Trent stayed in the hospital for a week .
tr	PAST	" That 's it , " she announced .
tr	PAST	With each one more anxiety piled onto Emma until she thought she might burst .
tr	PAST	By my transgressions , I stole two turns of work from her . "
tr	PRES	Remember we 're leaving for Paris on Sunday , " Cherie whispers as we continue down the aisles .
tr	PAST	On the sidewalk that bordered Hemlock , he shuffled along , going nowhere .
tr	PAST	Water swirled over my bare toes , and the bite of salt let me know that I was bleeding .
tr	PAST	The fact that Julienne knew nothing of it proved once again how far removed their existences were from one another .
tr	PRES	I tip my chin up and meet his sullen eyes .
tr	PAST	I unraveled harsh equations , But the lights went when I 'd won .
tr	PAST	We thrived on it , pushing each other 's buttons until we surrendered to its wickedness .
tr	PRES	" No tacos for you ! "
tr	PAST	He crawled on his belly past the suffused light coming through the tent wall , closing his mind against the throbbing of his wounded shoulder .
tr	PAST	She tugged Mana 's arm down and claimed her hand as they hurried across the lawns to the house .
tr	PRES	" Old bat . "
tr	PRES	he mumbled , still mostly asleep .
tr	PAST	In their absence the extra tension slowly fizzled out of the room .
tr	PRES	Finally he releases me , but stays close .
tr	PRES	" What about donuts ? "
tr	PRES	' Your father deals in absolutes , Pol .
tr	PRES	She tries uselessly to wring her sleeves dry .
tr	PRES	That scamp causes me more trouble than the rest of my cousins combined .
tr	PRES	" It ... it describes Ben perfectly ... " I said , standing to my feet in the process .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that a robot , for instance , would have no difficulty at all in crossing open country . "
tr	PAST	I hopped down , and stood next to his knees .
tr	PAST	Haley unfolded her hands .
tr	PAST	She tugged on his hand .
tr	PRES	It relaxes me and feels very good .
tr	PAST	It skipped five times .
tr	PRES	I just want to wake up , get out of this dream , and pretend nothing ever happened , " I add .
tr	PRES	Blessed be , my mother Hecate ... " Anna exited her car and locked it up .
tr	PAST	" Damn it all , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	Says Rosie , speaking to Sinead as if she is a child .
tr	PAST	He bucks his hips , pressing himself into me .
tr	PAST	" The plastic wrap burst and the lasagne kind of exploded all over the inside of the microwave . "
tr	PAST	I extended my arm , getting both of us in the frame .
tr	PRES	He reaches between us , strokes his thumb over my clit .
tr	PRES	She whispers , her brown eyes wide .
tr	PAST	Men , women , and children charged him .
tr	PRES	" What slave ? "
tr	PRES	" If you had told me you liked me as more than a friend , I total y would 've agreed that the feeling is mutual . "
tr	PAST	Their action achieved sensational successes , like the raids inside laboratories , which led to the release of others .
tr	PAST	The pain in Della 's voice matched the pain Kylie felt for Derek .
tr	PRES	Stasis tends to make your bowel sluggish . "
tr	PAST	You lied to us to drag us up here .
tr	PRES	" I want to , " she begged .
tr	PAST	As she dragged me to safety , Bull and Kyle clutched my arms and began to run .
tr	PAST	She pinched the top of his night garment and the seam that held it together fell apart .
tr	PAST	They prayed for the ability to channel the power to perform the task in hand , and it was or was not granted by the god .
tr	PRES	It changes and becomes a barrier .
tr	PRES	" Shit " she mumbled as she started to see darkness .
tr	PAST	They flattened themselves against it .
tr	PAST	He attempted to pull his rifle up to shoot , but he didn 't have a chance .
tr	PAST	Either way , the council appointed me .
tr	PAST	Errol secured his notebook and pen in his bag .
tr	PAST	Our teacher acted like he hadn 't heard her .
tr	PAST	Sheridan 's expression revealed her chagrin .
tr	PAST	It squealed and died .
tr	PAST	We 're already late , " he instructed , walking to the door .
tr	PAST	Judy hopped down to the step beside Thomas and sat down right next to Thomas faster than Thomas could blink .
tr	PAST	Since she had been consulting , she dealt with Andrew a lot .
tr	PRES	" What a fascinating job .
tr	PRES	" So ... what 's wrong with changing things and giving presents ? "
tr	PAST	If ever she had thought she was brave , that moment proved her wrong .
tr	PRES	' Well , it stops a girl getting pregnant ! '
tr	PAST	I dive behind the service desk and the red panic button stares at me again .
tr	PRES	" And thanks , Rusty .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands , wide-eyed and derisive .
tr	PAST	Spies feared on Stairs .
tr	PAST	The gunslinger walked out to the boys crouched around the marble ring .
tr	PAST	He slowed down , and I knew he was doing it to prolong the ride .
tr	PRES	This freezes my hand on my glass .
tr	PAST	I swiped the pillbox off the table .
tr	PAST	The squirrel hopped up to its feet then scampered down the hallway , heading for the open doorway the fleeing servants had disappeared into .
tr	PRES	The memory of Wendy 's scorn .
tr	PAST	I shrieked as he had caught me unaware , and he started tickling me .
tr	PRES	So ... let 's assume it was him that attacked you .
tr	PAST	" Time to look for our next mission , " she announced .
tr	PRES	I blurt out some things in Icelandic .
tr	PRES	It creaks open and a boy 's voice says my name .
tr	PAST	The autopilot reversed hard and threw them against their harnesses .
tr	PRES	She explains , " My husband and I have been very good friends with your parents but sadly they were killed a long time ago .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not saying it 's not valuable , " Seth explains .
tr	PRES	Falconer said , " Whoever else is still alive uses arrowheads like this .
tr	PRES	But Hodge owes us this . "
tr	PRES	He plays my fingertips over the bulging vein on the back side , and he plays them around the satiny tip .
tr	PAST	He flicked her a glance , and the car at last slowed down .
tr	PRES	Oh , you idiot .
tr	PRES	Ideas , let 's have it , shout up . "
tr	PRES	Everything I see brings back memories .
tr	PRES	Out of curiosity I lean forward to touch her and feel a light charge .
tr	PAST	He pretended to be very interested in the couch .
tr	PAST	Sasha trusted him to get her to where he wanted her safely .
tr	PAST	Aiden unfolded his arms .
tr	PAST	December 31st " Benny and I are back together , " Langston announced over lunch .
tr	PRES	Not standing on a sidewalk debating whether or not to help someone in need .
tr	PRES	" And Antonio ? "
tr	PRES	Murphy 's eyes flit to Ronan , and he takes a cue from the older man to move on .
tr	PAST	Emily tugged at the bottom hem of the dress she 'd borrowed from Carolyn and stepped out of the Volvo .
tr	PRES	I stuttered , my voice still hoarse , my throat feeling sore .
tr	PRES	What she referred to as Soldier Snake was really the overgrown remains of an abandoned railroad from years before she was even born .
tr	PRES	If you 're not worried about your own safety , what about Marley ? "
tr	PAST	' Guys , don 't allow him to play with us , ' I instructed my friends .
tr	PAST	Immediately the man quieted down .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I saw the white glow of the hunt behind me like a second moon in the sky before I heard the wind of its coming .
tr	PAST	A serpent , its scales made of granite and obsidian , coiled upon itself , its back broader than a large city street .
tr	PAST	He soaked up her cries and held back his own orgasm through a sheer force of will .
tr	PAST	He carved until daybreak , when the bear crunched through the trees into the clearing .
tr	PRES	Moments later , the living room light flips on and I 'm no longer in the dark .
tr	PRES	She presses her hand to her chest , offended .
tr	PRES	Rory mumbled under his breath .
tr	PRES	" Liar , " I whisper , venom in my voice .
tr	PRES	He mutters wading his way back to the shore .
tr	PRES	" Late teens . "
tr	PAST	As the dream receded into her subconscious , Levana toyed with the idea of being her mother that day .
tr	PAST	They giggled like teenagers when they hustled back in the room .
tr	PAST	Neither matched the red-and-white Santa 's hats both were wearing , but then who really cared ?
tr	PAST	He strummed frantically at a couple .
tr	PAST	She scooted a little closer , just to confirm her suspicions .
tr	PRES	He mutters a curse and sits forward over his knees .
tr	PRES	Some son-of-a-bitch bastard kills me and all you can say is that it doesn 't matter !
tr	PRES	I can bring her home later , " Alec mutters .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head back but he dodged it , and I tried to kick him but he moved .
tr	PRES	" She hates it when she can 't see you .
tr	PAST	" I 'll get it , " Jeff hollered .
tr	PAST	A spindly bogey crouched behind a door like a giant spider , the pale , emaciated face staring at me through the crack .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed over the wine and asked if we wanted a glass now .
tr	PAST	The door inched open wider .
tr	PAST	" Maybe I just transferred . "
tr	PRES	" You slut ! "
tr	PRES	I lean up and circle him by the waist in an awkward embrace that 's neither platonic , nor romantic .
tr	PAST	This discovery represented a solemn moment for Howard .
tr	PAST	- the ideal republic , as I was saying , based on the fundamental laws that govern - ' ' And the salt .
tr	PAST	" Not twelve anymore , Kane .
tr	PRES	The suite offers us plenty of privacy , and Gage and I indulge outside every chance we can get .
tr	PAST	A panel glowed atop a narrow counter .
tr	PAST	Reaching into his coat pocket , he withdrew a business card .
tr	PAST	Her father remarried this past year , almost the day our divorce was final , which hasn 't helped .
tr	PAST	" And you barely know me , " she countered .
tr	PAST	They fled in all directions across the landscape , not sticking to the roads , and the patrol car couldn 't follow all of them at once .
tr	PAST	Desire mingled with the other emotions in her gaze .
tr	PAST	I downed the orange juice and snagged one more piece of bacon before heading out .
tr	PAST	Tearing the costume from her body , he exposed one full , rounded red nipple .
tr	PRES	I limp then walk , very slow , stretching the tendon .
tr	PAST	" They faked my death because I was Divergent , and Jeanine had started killing the Divergent .
tr	PAST	" No , " Angel grunted .
tr	PAST	Becky and I were camped out in my darkened bedroom , engrossed in the eighties cult horror classic Kissing Coffins .
tr	PRES	Another two successive lies .
tr	PAST	Petra eyed me carefully .
tr	PAST	Josh giggled behind them while he messed with the rope .
tr	PAST	Once in my room , I stripped off the cardigan and socks , forcing my mind to go blank .
tr	PRES	" So they threaten to show the tape to the righteous Reverend Hammond .
tr	PRES	The Source guides us mysteriously . "
tr	PAST	She pretended she was going to drop under his weight .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and jerked out of his arms .
tr	PAST	I massaged the sides of my temples and sighed .
tr	PAST	I marveled at her strength .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , we 're in on it too , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	More of his own accord than because of her order , Rift releases Zelda and begins to walk toward the Queen of Twilight .
tr	PAST	" Well , I dumped my backpack where she could find it .
tr	PAST	I inhaled quickly though my nose , trying to keep from panicking .
tr	PRES	But the fact remains -- " I finished his thought .
tr	PAST	Daniel hopped in his pickup and drove as fast as he could down to the farm .
tr	PRES	He likes to sucker you into a call when he 's strong .
tr	PRES	She draws her wife down with her , and for the next moments they do not speak at all .
tr	PAST	Monday 21st May 1984 The phone rang .
tr	PAST	She willed her walking cane to the entertainer , and there 's where the story becomes unclear .
tr	PAST	The line in front of Suffer snaked around the block .
tr	PAST	Acute embarrassment stole through the stillness , and fresh tears stung Carol 's eyes .
tr	PRES	Pete reaches to shake hands with him , but the old man pulls Pete to him and hugs him instead .
tr	PAST	Using a remote control , he froze the footage .
tr	PAST	Carmine cringed at his wording .
tr	PAST	Footsteps shuffled noisily , all pretense at stealth gone .
tr	PAST	He caressed her cheek , the desire he felt for her flaring even brighter when he thought of how faithful she 'd been to him .
tr	PAST	The very air vibrated with tension and something far more sinister .
tr	PAST	His foot hooked on the small rubbish basket .
tr	PAST	She hopped up onto her feet and bumped her lip on the corner of the sink .
tr	PRES	He whispers , " You 're beautiful . "
tr	PAST	The woman 's weight bore down on her chest painfully .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	It slowed and turned left .
tr	PAST	A wistful look stole over him .
tr	PAST	Varg 's chest rumbled suddenly .
tr	PRES	The officer snaps on the cuffs and I am dismayed and astounded .
tr	PAST	" I 'm okay , " she reassured even though she actually felt more than a little weak and breathless .
tr	PAST	But those two bodies on the floor proved otherwise .
tr	PRES	My driver 's side mirror barely misses hers as I stop next to her open window .
tr	PRES	He considers me responsible . "
tr	PAST	" I thought we were friends , " he nervously joked .
tr	PRES	" ... maybe from the nuclear explosions ... or something . "
tr	PAST	I announced them to her last week when I was at dinner .
tr	PRES	Made of the same dark metal , it shone under the powerful lights .
tr	PRES	Now the whalebone corset .
tr	PRES	He pushes off of the wall , pivots on his heel , and pushes a string of digits into a keypad .
tr	PRES	" It works better when the dress is off , " I teased him .
tr	PRES	' It kills some .
tr	PRES	" You 're certainly nosy , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He ticks his head to the side considering this .
tr	PRES	Blake opens his door and pulls me to the driver 's seat .
tr	PRES	" That depends on what time you let me go home , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Beyond I could see a square cement platform outlined around the edges with a yellow stripe .
tr	PAST	Fury exploded through him , encompassing him as his attention was immediately drawn to the two creatures beside Cassie .
tr	PAST	The woman standing in the living room bore no resemblance to the person in these memories .
tr	PAST	Bethany shrank back as her eyes met Daemon 's .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	" I stowed meself away on a freighter when I was fifteen and woke up a month later in a hospital in New York City .
tr	PRES	" You deaf ? "
tr	PAST	Willem 's cast mates slap him on the back , offer congratulations from last night , and condolences for next week .
tr	PRES	" Shh ... " he whispers and trails rapturous kisses up my neck .
tr	PAST	For now he still battled the wretched sense of waste .
tr	PRES	The line begins to move as we all inch forward .
tr	PRES	" Oh , I 'm light , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Megan , " he whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	" Tenure protects a professor 's right to teach what he or she believes to be the truth ... the best information available .
tr	PRES	I slink along the wall , watching the action from the sideline .
tr	PRES	" You know , we could always take the bus , " he teased as he pulled away from the curb .
tr	PRES	" You were already under that very same instruction , " he points out .
tr	PAST	Allan inquired moving over beside Sophia 's pony .
tr	PAST	His hand wrapped around the back of her neck , pulling her tighter , the kiss deepened as his tongue flickered lightly against her lips .
tr	PRES	No unit ever offers up their top performers .
tr	PAST	Then she exited my cabin , slamming the door behind her with such force that the floor shook .
tr	PRES	" How much for your basic registry services ? "
tr	PAST	" I 've never doubted that . "
tr	PAST	He adjusted it once more and declared me ready .
tr	PAST	At that moment a bolt of lightning pierced out of the clouds and the thunder pounded immediately .
tr	PRES	" So it begins . "
tr	PRES	Gale holds my gaze .
tr	PRES	Believe it or not , hearing that he loves someone brings a small smile to my face .
tr	PRES	Yet now that he came into the house , it healed in a matter of minutes ?
tr	PAST	The trout leaped out of the water but it could not shake the hook .
tr	PAST	" He lied on the questionnaire . "
tr	PAST	Whiskers on his jaw sprouted in a hundred different directions .
tr	PAST	He propped himself on both elbows above me , tensing his entire body in preparation .
tr	PAST	He wavered , obviously loath to leave , but then nodded .
tr	PRES	I peel the moccasins off my feet and pad through the cool grass to the water 's edge .
tr	PAST	I squinted to see where he was heading .
tr	PRES	The shifting strands reaching out before them instantly whipped back like startled snakes .
tr	PAST	A monolith required a pair ... not a lone one .
tr	PRES	Adam opens the refrigerator and hands James a new foil package .
tr	PRES	You belong to me now ... When Stacy snapped awake her heart was no longer pounding and she was able to fall into a peaceful sleep .
tr	PRES	He frowns and squats on the reddish colored rock , touching the black dust , soft .
tr	PRES	Jacob motioned for us all to keep our places .
tr	PAST	Biting my lip , I stripped off my clothes and changed into a pair of sleep shorts .
tr	PRES	" Hailey ... " Allie glared .
tr	PAST	Matthew unconsciously inched backward .
tr	PAST	Delvin uttered from behind me .
tr	PAST	I sped up to him quickly and caught his sleeve .
tr	PAST	At intervals of a hundred yards or so , riders accompanied them , some along each flank , and a bunch bringing up the rear .
tr	PRES	A mythical , very cool heroin , but I 'm not as pretty as her .
tr	PAST	I pondered that , taking another drink of my cocktail .
tr	PAST	The many , different colored crystals reflected the light , making the inside of their new home a wonderland of soft hues and delicate images .
tr	PAST	At the pasture , he hopped out and opened a gate before nosing the truck through and closing the gate behind him .
tr	PRES	Then Day reaches out and touches my hand with his .
tr	PAST	Still , she clutched an old sweater of her father 's in her lap , her knuckles pale .
tr	PAST	" We just messed around .
tr	PRES	He twitches his brows , impressed with his own solution .
tr	PAST	Sebastian gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	She pretended not to notice and answered his question .
tr	PRES	A warrior 's steel shone in her eyes . '
tr	PRES	' For a couple of causes .
tr	PRES	Then it begins to drizzle .
tr	PAST	A breeze off the sea ruffled my hair as we made our way to the house .
tr	PRES	The door to the back of his office opens and in walks the robed members .
tr	PAST	Christie crouched beside her .
tr	PAST	Stefan , who knew his brother , doubted that it had been paid for - with money , at least .
tr	PRES	He stops pacing and turns to look at me .
tr	PAST	I trusted you and then ... bam !
tr	PAST	" I need more coffee , " Alice announced .
tr	PAST	The one who kept order , prevented voices from rising and gently diffused arguments .
tr	PAST	Rachel stuffed the last peanut butter and jelly sandwich into the lunch bag then moved around so she could fix Liza 's braids .
tr	PAST	Then , a look of disgust replaced the peace .
tr	PRES	Questions Bjorn heading back towards the bar .
tr	PAST	Carefully , he unfolded it .
tr	PRES	" In or out , bro ? "
tr	PAST	Charlotte giggled , lightening my heart a little .
tr	PRES	No one sees me .
tr	PRES	" Or south , whichever .
tr	PAST	She dealt out death and destruction also , and unlike Melissa and Chris , it was the only gift that she had received .
tr	PAST	His body lingered there , steady , and ready to please me .
tr	PRES	Finally , " I breathed , blood dripping on my chin .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , everyone turned to stare at her , including Adam , who looked positively violated .
tr	PRES	He falls back as he stumbles away from us .
tr	PRES	She tends to just say whatever pops into her head . "
tr	PAST	So Kael created a diversion and I ran with Shai in here .
tr	PAST	Being out this far from civilization provided little cell phone coverage .
tr	PRES	He wed not long after I arrived . "
tr	PAST	Plus I trusted her to tell me , one way or the other , whether he was married or not .
tr	PRES	I wince as I hear my squeaky voice .
tr	PRES	Jason asked , his smile fading .
tr	PRES	" A sign from the Black Gods ! "
tr	PRES	" What thing about our ages ? "
tr	PAST	As far as Tavi was concerned , in the Calderon Valley , family always supported , always defended , always helped ... and always told the truth .
tr	PAST	" Gentlemen , it 's time to take your places , " the wedding coordinator reported , motioning for them to follow the minister .
tr	PRES	" Take my hand , " Delilah whispered .
tr	PRES	And something even wilder . "
tr	PAST	" Then split the bunkers up between the sectors .
tr	PRES	He loves the power , the thrill of destroying people .
tr	PRES	" Lady Daphne ? "
tr	PRES	" I know , Libby , " Carl comforted her .
tr	PRES	" Patience , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	More muzzle flashes , and bullets peppered the ground and the cars and the pillar behind which Lucia had taken shelter .
tr	PRES	Come and see me when you are finished , ' she says and leaves , her flip-flops slapping the gleaming granite floor .
tr	PRES	The army still uses diesels .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not sure , " Luke advised , feeling as if he was an unwilling participant in a horrific nightmare .
tr	PAST	James propped his feet up on a blue ottoman that matched the couch .
tr	PAST	Back in the village , Waving Willow cleaned her house .
tr	PAST	The things I endured for my son .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " she whispers back .
tr	PAST	Blue froze in the doorway .
tr	PRES	Phil enters , he has been watching from the doorway ) E2 ( Phil ) : She 'll come around eventually .
tr	PAST	She wept for the loss of William ; she wept for the fact her daughter was going to be taken away from her .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply as we ran , smiling at Lakin next to me .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side , unsure I heard him correctly .
tr	PAST	I sensed deliberation in his movements , but did nothing to stop him .
tr	PAST	Taylor piped back and shot her a look to behave .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're not speaking of Gorgon ? "
tr	PRES	The green smell of rain drifts on the air through the open door .
tr	PAST	He scoffed and his face twisted into disgust .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , " Flynn reassured them , confidently taking his mandolin in hand as he stepped between the two pairs of wary combatants .
tr	PRES	The guy talks in circles . "
tr	PRES	Mary downs a little too much wine .
tr	PRES	And then he disappears back inside Zia 's room .
tr	PRES	She holds up her hand .
tr	PAST	The two illicit lovers froze mid pump , both of them turning at the same moment to see where the flying lamp had come from .
tr	PRES	It speeds out of her .
tr	PRES	" Um hmm . "
tr	PRES	" Myra refuses to talk . "
tr	PAST	A woman charged in the room shouting .
tr	PRES	Along with conscience , along with feelings , disappears anything resembling filial affection .
tr	PRES	It presses against my chest to make it hard to breathe .
tr	PAST	She stated to the virtual face starring back at her from the screen .
tr	PRES	Then , I punch the face of Pox .
tr	PRES	When she closed for lunch , she snuck the toy box out of the office and locked it in her BOW .
tr	PAST	Jake finally flicked his eyes away from the peeling shadows .
tr	PRES	" Cal - " Finally , he turned to his mother and barked , " Out ! "
tr	PAST	I scampered over to the door and leaned in closer .
tr	PAST	I eyed him suspiciously while he gives the lesson .
tr	PAST	Pete denied it , said I was crazy , his partner buried the information , and Pete beat me unconscious .
tr	PAST	She wielded a credit card like a magic wand and enjoyed finding things for me to wear .
tr	PAST	Duke chugged beer out of a funnel , while Leo helped him as the crowd chanted " Drink , drink , drink , drink , drink . "
tr	PRES	He mumbled about finding my mom , arriving in Paris , and then Jolie finding him .
tr	PAST	After opening the cylinder , McCall tipped the bullets into his palm .
tr	PRES	Nathan stands and walks to the creek , lost in his thoughts .
tr	PAST	Take them to the underground garage , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	" Maybe that 's the problem , " Alex states as I put the mapping ball down on the coffee table , frustrated .
tr	PAST	I exhaled softly , surprised that the emotion rushing through my system was that of relief .
tr	PRES	" Some party at some cheerleaders house .
tr	PAST	Lights glowed red and dials swung back as the Cessna dropped .
tr	PRES	" And then the cloud falls apart ? "
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to Shane and his Collar .
tr	PRES	His brow arches playfully .
tr	PRES	She lets out an unsteady breath .
tr	PRES	And he loves you .
tr	PAST	She rotated her body a quarter at a time , as Daniel did in the parking lot .
tr	PRES	A series of chambers permits entry to the vault where I imagine all the extremely hazardous items are stored .
tr	PRES	The bed above squeaks again .
tr	PAST	She prayed Tasha had kept her mouth shut .
tr	PAST	" That man says you 're a hero , " Samantha countered .
tr	PAST	They slowed to a cautious walk when they came within a dozen meters of him .
tr	PRES	" This house holds a lot of memories for all of us . "
tr	PAST	They circled each other once more .
tr	PAST	The man named Raphael sat down on the edge of the bed and took my face in one of his hands .
tr	PAST	The large support beams of the house collapsed and the walls began to cave in before they left the driveway .
tr	PRES	His voice rises a few octaves . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm so sick of Ali , " Emily mumbled angrily under her breath .
tr	PRES	He lets out a long breath before getting out of his chair and walking towards the door .
tr	PAST	" I 'll make sure she gets home , " Claire 's dark-haired friend volunteered .
tr	PRES	Judge Waring 's announcement that the first assassin will be chosen at this session ... " " Tonight ! "
tr	PRES	Imagine , having an infectious disease but not having what supposedly causes it !
tr	PRES	Emerson lays down beside me , resting a hand on my stomach .
tr	PRES	" Bob , you all right ? "
tr	PRES	' Nothing less than seven inches . ' "
tr	PAST	" But he yet lived , " the man countered .
tr	PAST	He had his arm around Andrea , his free hand resting over hers on Misty .
tr	PRES	As casually as I could manage , I called back , " Doug . "
tr	PAST	One side reflected his feelings -- that side was looking decidedly pissed off just now -- while the other side remained lax and limp .
tr	PAST	I doubted that she had any trust in me at all , so I was surprised when she shrugged and said , " All right .
tr	PAST	His lips curved a moment before he opened his eyes .
tr	PRES	But he talks big when he 's in this manic phase , and then he runs out of gas when he falls into his typical depressions .
tr	PAST	The whole table exploded with laughter , except for Kate .
tr	PRES	Every business buys that stuff .
tr	PAST	Kate danced around her office for a moment , cheered that she was going to outdo Carlo .
tr	PAST	Jeanine joked as Yosef walked through the front doors of the hospital .
tr	PRES	He pops the lid open and begins pouring the soda into my cup .
tr	PRES	We ditch into a dim lit alley , and I fold over him , holding on tight while burying my face in his neck .
tr	PAST	For each story and screenplay we received five hundred dollars , which Ben and I shared .
tr	PAST	Moose squinted at his watch , then grunted .
tr	PRES	I looked over at Willa , sneering , her swords poised to attack .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's eyebrows perked with interest .
tr	PRES	He flicks his cigarette to the asphalt and stomps on it with the tip of his boot .
tr	PRES	" A flu virus on ... steroids ? "
tr	PRES	Not anymore , at any rate .
tr	PRES	All of them armed . "
tr	PAST	" There 's one way to find out for sure , " Trip chimed in .
tr	PRES	She pushes up on her elbows , forcing herself to stare into his red eyes .
tr	PRES	I gape at him .
tr	PRES	" Other detectives involve themselves in matters like that .
tr	PAST	The box bore the name of a well-known DIY chain store , and a diagram of a bath .
tr	PRES	" You assume too much , friend .
tr	PAST	" So anyhow , it leaves us with a little problem -- I mean , one of procurement .
tr	PAST	He eyed me while pressing down on the dough , creating the perfect thin crust .
tr	PRES	I lean back in my seat and allow the sun to wash over my face .
tr	PRES	In less than a millisecond , he releases Stephan 's grasp and I feel the blood rushing through my arms .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the floral scent that had been testing his restraint all afternoon and nearly came right then .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh at the image her words conjured up .
tr	PAST	Sean froze , rage and fear pouring through him .
tr	PAST	Goods ranged from weapons and drugs to illegal immigrants .
tr	PRES	He offers his hand and James takes it .
tr	PRES	Or actor ... " " Actress is fine . "
tr	PRES	' Have you ever been sailing , Chloe ? '
tr	PAST	Some claimed Grace had killed him , although she was just a young teenager at the time .
tr	PRES	I assume that Dante told everyone that I 'm safely in bed right now .
tr	PAST	His hands inched up , causing heat to flood my body .
tr	PRES	Darkness fills the room as Elizabeth tears away into burning stray ashes .
tr	PAST	" Not yet , " he grunted as he sat up .
tr	PRES	She suspects that saying she is a student has helped avoid too close a scrutiny of her strange clothes .
tr	PRES	Her mother throws her hands up in exasperation .
tr	PAST	As they drank their coffee , both men described their jobs and compared one with another .
tr	PAST	He flicked the tender tip of my nipple with his tongue sending a heated shiver along my spine .
tr	PRES	Desperately , Hicks tries to reach out for him but misses .
tr	PRES	She leaned closer , dimples flashing , her blonde hair swinging forward .
tr	PRES	' Because it 's absurd , ' he snaps , and the mood of the room suddenly shifts .
tr	PRES	She deserves someone better , stronger .
tr	PAST	They provided more trustworthy hands and foot holds than the weeds .
tr	PAST	The path split again and again ; even with the card , Romulus struggled to keep proper bearing .
tr	PAST	Cautiously , she inched her way to the door , shuddering as she passed the spot where the girl had been .
tr	PRES	I lean to give him one last kiss and then get in the car .
tr	PRES	She throws her covers off and gets out of bed , then heads straight for the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Cassidy shifted at the last second , the change painful this time , and caught the doorframe with both hands .
tr	PAST	Frank slapped at another mosquito on his bare leg .
tr	PRES	" Don 't go , Billie .
tr	PAST	As we sat at a table waiting for Dave , many eyes flicked over to Henry but he seemed oblivious to the attention .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hands over his ears and started to scream himself .
tr	PRES	He lets go of the doorknob and sits down beside me on the bed while I take off my other sandal .
tr	PAST	Wandering over to a thick stem , Ed sniffed it two or three times , then lifted his leg to water it .
tr	PRES	" Don 't go , " he whispers back .
tr	PAST	I cringed , thinking the sound might have given away my sneaky intentions , but the mumbling continued .
tr	PAST	Comfortable now that she 'd hit her stride , Anya outlined what the brokerage had to offer .
tr	PRES	I murmur a good-bye and then follow Asa .
tr	PAST	Ms. Connor 's mouth flattened like a piece of paper being folded in half .
tr	PAST	The captain lent against the lowered periscope .
tr	PRES	A moment passes and Sophie asks , " Karen is doing well ? "
tr	PRES	" James ... " " Hush . "
tr	PRES	" Just been writing home , eh ?
tr	PRES	I swear it , " Father Antony begged .
tr	PRES	Sighing again , she reaches around and grabs the seat belt .
tr	PRES	Most of the fighting stops as the wolves turn .
tr	PAST	Two oil lamps glowed from the counter and behind that was the beer and whiskey , lined up on the shelves .
tr	PRES	You ruined it . "
tr	PRES	It only applies to things said at this table and you have to sign the same promise on the back of this paper . "
tr	PRES	Evie matches her step for step .
tr	PAST	" Speaking of the Seeker , " Emerson chimed in .
tr	PRES	He pushes his hand through his dark hair making it look all messy and incredibly hot .
tr	PRES	She opens her arms up for effect .
tr	PRES	The idea of it fills me with all sorts of unease .
tr	PAST	Again her arm tugged .
tr	PAST	We secured this room to hold werewolves . "
tr	PAST	" It was just such a calamity that I was trying to solve in California , " Kendall countered .
tr	PRES	" - Don 't worry , your secrets are safe with me " I add hurriedly .
tr	PRES	A group of soccer boys leaned against one of the computer consoles .
tr	PAST	As a result Marko received a very serious head wound .
tr	PRES	" Just give it to them , then , " Tex mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her parents always preferred Debbie 's little sister , though she didn 't inherit any shifter characteristics .
tr	PRES	He cups my chin .
tr	PAST	I prayed that Tyler wasn 't in there .
tr	PRES	Now thanks to you , the new Che belongs to us as well .
tr	PAST	We just received the proofs for next year 's calendar , and we love your photos .
tr	PAST	She wagged her whole butt in joy .
tr	PRES	The gun muzzle flashes , and Blake staggers forward as a mist of blood sprays out the front of his collarbone .
tr	PRES	" You are a man after my own heart , " he beamed .
tr	PRES	I strive to prevent the death of human and of Self .
tr	PRES	When someone retires someone else fills the position and over time things change . '
tr	PRES	" Lord Crow . "
tr	PAST	The slight smile in his eyes dimmed .
tr	PRES	" When in Rome ... " I teased .
tr	PRES	" But I warn you Girl , you can 't go around telling my secrets . "
tr	PAST	" Young girl abused , young girl raped , young girl on the streets .
tr	PAST	You acted as you thought was right . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened and jerked her face away from his hand .
tr	PRES	" The temple 's shield protects us . "
tr	PAST	I eventually created a new identity and a new life .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand toward the small package , trying not to feel guilty when her grandmother looked at her in surprise .
tr	PRES	Suddenly hope fills his heart when he hears the familiar baying of a hound .
tr	PAST	Her bold gaze perused him from head to toe , lingering on his chest , between his legs , making him feel like a piece of meat .
tr	PAST	He ceased , in effect , to be part of mankind .
tr	PRES	" He loves that thing .
tr	PRES	And nobody passes here during the day , anyway .
tr	PRES	The man offers me a curt smile before dipping his head forward and squeezing his eyes shut .
tr	PAST	Even though , every time she looked at him with those big stormy eyes , he experienced a desperate urge to hand her the world .
tr	PRES	" Big spider ! "
tr	PRES	Then again , wolves healed swiftly .
tr	PAST	Saliva squirted into Alex 's mouth , and her stomach cramped .
tr	PAST	He caressed my legs as he pulled the pants down , sending a shiver up my spine .
tr	PAST	Janelle seized Gary 's arm .
tr	PRES	" He loves me .
tr	PAST	He preferred to leave the game while he was still at his best , to go out on top and with both knees functioning properly .
tr	PAST	" Because I organized company for us yesterday , and it would be very embarrassing if I had to call that off . "
tr	PRES	It chaps my butt to think of him flirting like he does with me , watching me , teasing me , all the while sleeping with Taryn .
tr	PAST	With that comment , Jayden 's team cheered loudly .
tr	PRES	Moving his face away , he holds my face in his hands .
tr	PRES	Jeez ... " He pushes his hands through his gelled hair , sending his perfectly styled long waves into disarray .
tr	PAST	She unfolded it , scanned it and then looked up at him with confusion puckering her brow .
tr	PRES	" Right , then , Harry , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Lancaster refuses and steps into the doorway .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on her bed fully clothed , a mass of tremors .
tr	PAST	Pam pretended to calculate the amount in her head .
tr	PAST	He attempted to forestall that line of thinking ; yet they were convinced from experience that sailors helped their own , competitors or not .
tr	PRES	" Then what about that necklace ?
tr	PAST	He pulled up his personnel file and dialed Harris 's wife then he dialed his own .
tr	PRES	Emerson 's smile fades as I sit silently beside him .
tr	PAST	I smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	In the dark night of the hood , stunned and bleeding , Moist shuffled forward , arms outstretched .
tr	PRES	Summer lies down on the bed and rests her head in my lap .
tr	PAST	Her massive room had a king-size bed and four matching dressers , everything painted with bright and fresh colors .
tr	PAST	Maya exclaimed with a sudden change in mood .
tr	PRES	My father hates this hobby .
tr	PAST	After a few more kilometers , Ares emerged from the forest and found a smoldering wooden frame .
tr	PRES	I lean back , flat on the rock , looking up at the deep azure sky .
tr	PAST	You sound panicked . "
tr	PAST	Callum 's easy , relaxed tone unsettled the human .
tr	PAST	Gretchen put it aside and unfolded a piece of paper that had been folded multiple times , one of many stuffed into the notebook .
tr	PAST	He clutched at a wall to slowly make his way to the chair beside his laptop .
tr	PAST	They slowed ... then stopped , both of them dropping into a cower at his feet .
tr	PAST	" Charles is right , " Beth announced , collecting the last puppy and joining them .
tr	PRES	" To send that child to people who don 't even worship in the Temple !
tr	PRES	" Rest , " I echo .
tr	PRES	" Anya , who has decided she deserves a wedding , too .
tr	PAST	His knees crumpled , his whole body shook , and he pressed the heels of his hands to his eyes .
tr	PRES	Rhea reaches forward and gives it a little tug .
tr	PRES	And he brings a friend named Reynaldo .
tr	PRES	" You 've had a rough week , " he murmurs into my hair .
tr	PAST	Not waiting for a reply the crow flapped off through the trees and away into the sky .
tr	PAST	Adrian eyed me wistfully as I searched for my shirt .
tr	PAST	Clary thought longingly of coffee as they made their way up a winding set of stone stairs , each one carved with a glyph .
tr	PRES	She points the mannequin at the city , whispering , Go .
tr	PAST	She feared she 'd made a mistake .
tr	PAST	Please , the oracle wept .
tr	PRES	Running downstairs , the scene changes the uneasy feeling into panic .
tr	PRES	The old man drapes himself over a dead old woman , his body shaking with sobs .
tr	PRES	Echo 's injury slows us .
tr	PAST	About a month ago , we received a missing persons report from an Elizabeth Waldron who was trying to locate her elderly parents , Rick and Annie .
tr	PRES	Realm scoots over on the bed , patting the blanket .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and gulped for air .
tr	PAST	The gag muffled the words he offered .
tr	PRES	It stands to reason that supernatural born children aren 't always guaranteed the genes of their parents .
tr	PAST	However , the overgrowth of mold on the irregular carved surface and the pitting of the limestone made any interpretation of the images impossible .
tr	PRES	The deck plates buzz momentarily and there is a brief sensation of floating in white space as warrior glides through the portal with ease .
tr	PRES	" And the damage ? "
tr	PRES	Unlike me , Allison embraces the blonde ; she is the master of the hair flip .
tr	PRES	' I plays guitar and write songs , mostly for myself nowadays .
tr	PAST	" First , I 'll ask you a question , " Anderton countered rapidly .
tr	PRES	As I buy my fish I banter with the young vender whose face is painfully riddled with ripe acne .
tr	PAST	He dared not take both plates , as Rafael would then have noted the theft much sooner .
tr	PRES	He lays on top of me as I stroke his hair .
tr	PRES	He winks and walks through the door to his English class .
tr	PAST	She eyed me intently .
tr	PAST	She giggled under her breath .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand and shook vigorously .
tr	PRES	" You recall the story of the nova there ? "
tr	PRES	Jeanine taps her chin and stares for what feels like a long time .
tr	PAST	" Thank you , Dad , " I piped up , giving him a cuddle .
tr	PAST	It buzzed to life .
tr	PRES	" I like hanging out with you , girl , " he begins , his voice a shade deeper than usual .
tr	PRES	Tonight we celebrate and sleep ; tomorrow we prepare . "
tr	PAST	The thought of getting help reassured him .
tr	PAST	I writhed in the dirt to smother any that might have struck my back but I felt no burning .
tr	PRES	A light pepper of rain falls , refreshing us in this oppressive heat .
tr	PRES	Then he lies down on the bed .
tr	PAST	Completely impractical for either chatting or drinking , but when had high fashion ever bothered itself with practicality .
tr	PRES	But when Jenna doesn 't get what she wants , she just tries harder .
tr	PRES	Malcolm glares at me , but seeing that I was asking sincerely , starts over again .
tr	PAST	She transferred attention back to the two facing them - not , Jazz suspected , that it had ever really wandered .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to one side , waiting for him to protest his independence and need for no one and nobody .
tr	PAST	The pulses brightened , then dimmed and then brightened more still .
tr	PAST	He curved his fingers around her slender ankles , holding her fast .
tr	PAST	Will reappeared in the foyer .
tr	PRES	The creature 's jaw opens to sink its filed fangs into her neck , but I grab it by the spine and wrench it off her .
tr	PAST	What the devil -- All questions ceased .
tr	PAST	Nino smoked a pregame cigarette .
tr	PAST	You protected Jesus without hesitation . "
tr	PRES	" I assume you 've heard about our murderer ? "
tr	PAST	The island indeed endured long nights , three candles ' worth .
tr	PRES	" Dae ye now ?
tr	PAST	The duke grunted and bent to kiss her upraised cheek .
tr	PRES	A quick scramble down through the rocks and she was striding along beside the creek , heart high .
tr	PAST	I mumbled to myself as I walked deeper into them .
tr	PRES	But I arrive outside of another apartment complex .
tr	PAST	Kallie cocked her hip to the side , her head looking around for something .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sure he 's doing fine without me , " I retort .
tr	PAST	He hauled her onto another , but it had been running too -- just not carrying the two of them .
tr	PAST	I wince , thinking of how much of college life I 've missed while huddled in the back stacks of the library .
tr	PAST	Behind me , a loud banging sound boomed through the room , and I tensed , spinning on my heel .
tr	PRES	' Or the mountain range in the north .
tr	PRES	Ridiculous amounts of energy .
tr	PRES	" So he blames me for that and now thinks I threaten him , but why ? "
tr	PAST	A cruel , cruel grin curved his face .
tr	PAST	He cocked his hat in the most stylish manner .
tr	PAST	Even his offer to return to the keep when she had begun to sneeze had been staged .
tr	PAST	She quieted a dubious laugh .
tr	PAST	She wriggled her toes absentmindedly until they were completely buried .
tr	PRES	Miriam shimmers into existence , hovering inches off the floor but firmly in the wall .
tr	PRES	But generous and helpful as well .
tr	PRES	Then the snap of something else rings loudly and suddenly I 'm being thrown .
tr	PRES	She helps pull it back over my shoulders and smooths her fingers across my chest .
tr	PAST	He unzipped the front ; dragged Lavina and Cathy inside over the blue fabric floor and zipped up the flap .
tr	PRES	The door creaks a little when I bump against it , and Brody stops humming and looks up .
tr	PAST	" Please , Mira , " Cole urged .
tr	PAST	She tugged at me .
tr	PRES	" You out sightseeing , or are you looking for something ? "
tr	PRES	Because she loves me .
tr	PAST	" It 's a slave ship , " Matthew exclaimed , unconsciously drawing Stephanie to himself .
tr	PRES	She contented herself by holing up in a guest room and prepping some spells that would be of use in the search for Alicia tomorrow .
tr	PRES	He tries to communicate an unspoken threat but then his focus changes ; he looks past me to someone else .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I strain an apology and squeeze between her and the wall .
tr	PRES	Not when I was overflowing with assignments .
tr	PAST	" When you fell backwards you hit your head on the rocks .
tr	PAST	Sophie froze , rooted to the spot .
tr	PRES	Tell you what , bud , why don 't you try to get some rest tonight .
tr	PAST	" I messed up . "
tr	PAST	Skyler circled his waist with her arms and laid her head on her father 's chest , the tension slowly draining away .
tr	PAST	On the drive over to her friend 's home , she reflected on the handsome gentleman who appeared at her door with the rose buds .
tr	PRES	A long puff , then a quick chew on a thumbnail .
tr	PRES	The sudden weakness in my knees begs me to sit down .
tr	PRES	He never talks ' bout that .
tr	PRES	He gazes down at my body with admiration .
tr	PRES	She reaches under her jacket and pulls out two handguns .
tr	PRES	He mutters to himself , answering my question .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be in the kitchen whenever you 're ready , Bryn , " he hollered back needlessly .
tr	PRES	Devon frowns and looks away .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , realizing what he meant .
tr	PAST	He prowled across the room , stopping a few feet in front of me .
tr	PAST	He blanched and backed off , muttering under his breath about the trials of frigid high school girls .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my top and turned my head .
tr	PAST	The gas still in his system sensed the injury and set about to fix him .
tr	PAST	He had also skipped the last two Sunday dinners .
tr	PRES	" Why complicate things ?
tr	PRES	His deep voice melts her resolve , and Tammie can only nod in response .
tr	PAST	The sound of laughter , light and mocking , froze Savannah .
tr	PAST	They attended many religious affairs , particularly the Zoroastrian religion .
tr	PRES	Jason glances at me but doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	The rustle and swish of branches causes me to grip the hilt of my sword .
tr	PRES	She brings us waters and when she leaves , my dad starts chatting about his job to me .
tr	PRES	" Francesca Moretti . "
tr	PAST	" It is , " the footman announced bitterly .
tr	PAST	Their highest God set forth the motion of all things , then created the sustainer of existence .
tr	PAST	Aidan smacked him upside the head and Leah giggled .
tr	PRES	Yet the accusation stands ; so charged , and so I plead .
tr	PAST	" Operating without a business permit , " Dan stated again , in jest with a wide grin spreading across his face .
tr	PAST	He elected to go first , and briefly summarized Dr. Fricke 's report on the condition of Jacob Wood 's lungs .
tr	PAST	I acted like no one .
tr	PRES	That strikes a chord .
tr	PAST	Awareness washed over her , peppering her skin with goose bumps .
tr	PRES	A fortress that size would take some doing and we 've been told that this son of the king can move very fast .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " he mumbled trying to step around her .
tr	PAST	The following morning Nate awoke with a start .
tr	PRES	The thin woman offers a shy smile , and her fingers go to the buttons of Rebecca 's shirt with clear trepidation .
tr	PAST	My stomach soured just a little bit more .
tr	PAST	" She 's ... , " Lizzie uttered , staring after her out of the window .
tr	PAST	It was much the same as life , I pondered morbidly , as I sat in Father 's room .
tr	PRES	" Fine job she 's doing of that right now , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	His name hisses out in a breathless whisper .
tr	PRES	Lisa glances at the changes .
tr	PRES	" Poor Meredith . "
tr	PAST	Her visual scan revealed a four-inch gash in his scalp .
tr	PRES	" Oh , sure , the government just loves me . "
tr	PRES	Reluctantly , Amy shone the light out in front of Celia .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PRES	" Since when are things not dramatic . "
tr	PAST	' But , ' she faltered .
tr	PAST	Instead , his sleepless night resulted mostly from his resurgent paranoia run amok .
tr	PRES	As I sit , he stops short , glaring at me .
tr	PRES	And ... " He drifts off and I can tell he 's about to cry .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , and he won 't be alone , either , " Puck chimed in , sounding more serious than I 'd heard in a while .
tr	PAST	" Got your piece on ya , Private Eye ?
tr	PRES	He loves to have an audience . "
tr	PRES	Of eagles larger than any in our world circling overhead and two deer grazing mere yards away that startled and took off with Snowball after them .
tr	PAST	Dani perked up at Aric 's name .
tr	PAST	She quickly stabilized the display she 'd nearly demolished .
tr	PRES	Mystical symbols surround the writing .
tr	PRES	Please , he begged the gods , please let her leave .
tr	PRES	" The language ? "
tr	PAST	Because she arrived unannounced , she anticipated cooling her heels .
tr	PRES	" Sean Kendrick . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm Carson , " Carson begins , since he 's closest to Robbie .
tr	PAST	Grabbing my purse from the granite countertop , I stormed outside and got back into my car .
tr	PAST	I balled it up and quickly replaced my soaked jacket .
tr	PRES	She brings forth a man child who is to rule al nations .
tr	PAST	With Tony 's permission , she replaced his old furniture with simple but comfortable pieces that made a person want to stay for a while .
tr	PAST	The lights of Sarasota twinkled in the distance .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me in a rush and I don 't mind it at all .
tr	PRES	He heard Cassie give a small sound between a gasp and a moan , her nails biting into his skin .
tr	PRES	17 of 32 Neither ceases to be what they were before .
tr	PAST	Gabby chugged from her water bottle like a parched desert traveler .
tr	PRES	" I am sworn to an oath of respect as well as protection , " he points out , standing up strait and relaxing a little .
tr	PAST	Their talent both transfixed her and frustrated her .
tr	PAST	A middle-aged fellow with a long beard emerged from within the tower and blocked the door .
tr	PAST	With an obvious effort she attempted to appear unconcerned by his sudden arrival .
tr	PAST	So we rumbled on through streets so familiar they were more than a part of my life and what I knew as home .
tr	PRES	Lowering a hand , she begins to almost push me towards the door in her urgency to make me leave .
tr	PRES	" Landon deserves to be captain , not me .
tr	PAST	" That dog is not getting back in here , " she announced .
tr	PAST	I restrained the impulse because I sensed it had been a long time since he rested this well .
tr	PAST	Sarah , the boy 's aunt , re-entered the room , explaining , ' Tommy was too young for the sickness .
tr	PAST	The fairies at their shoulders glowed brightly , the orange light casting bright patterns on the boys ' backs .
tr	PRES	" She lies . "
tr	PAST	Jason scooted in close and put his arm around me .
tr	PAST	This engrossed her further and further into the depths of the bottomless Abyss , while she chatted aimlessly into the night with her phantom friends .
tr	PRES	We belong in the field .
tr	PRES	" Thanks sis ... " Adam put his head back on the pillow .
tr	PRES	He flips us over and positions himself on top of me , our bodies synching .
tr	PAST	He clutched his broken windpipe and gasped for air , his gun clattering to the floor as he collapsed , writhing in pain .
tr	PRES	It remains with me .
tr	PAST	I blamed his lovers for giving him AIDS .
tr	PAST	I thanked her , and watched her leave the room .
tr	PRES	" Sit , " he whispers , and I do .
tr	PRES	One part of the claim tends to slip past us unnoticed because we have heard it so often that we no longer see what it amounts to .
tr	PAST	His gaze strayed to the little girl perched upon the shoulders of one of the large players and her delighted squeal ricocheted through his heart .
tr	PAST	But he stubbornly willed them away .
tr	PRES	Helping me into the car , he passes me a fresh bottle of water .
tr	PRES	He deserves that . "
tr	PAST	The old Vauxhall slowed down as it passed the gates then sped up and disappeared down the lane . .
tr	PRES	Mom and Tad exchange glances .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	She woke naked and alone in her bed , her cheeks damp with tears .
tr	PAST	I doubted they had a lot of teenage murder suspects around here .
tr	PAST	He crouched , watching as I crawled to Dee 's side .
tr	PRES	She blushes , and St. Clair bounds inside the box office and wrestles her into a hug .
tr	PAST	With a shrug she plopped the four plates down on the table and walked away without saying a word .
tr	PRES	She returned to running her hands over her skin , tracing the muscles of his chest , her lashes flickering as she examined his torso .
tr	PAST	The signal beeped for us to cross and I exhaled as the world around me changed .
tr	PRES	He flings it skyward .
tr	PAST	They just dumped it on me . "
tr	PAST	Once more , confused thoughts leaped into my mind .
tr	PAST	The rest who dared to approach them , the queen dispatched with a swipe of her steel .
tr	PRES	But The Program steals our memories .
tr	PRES	I relax against the wall .
tr	PRES	Liam 's beast stretches beneath his skin .
tr	PAST	His cast was littered with autographs and dumb sayings , most of it provided by the band .
tr	PAST	Dee clasped the neckline closed .
tr	PRES	" What about protection ? "
tr	PAST	Andre Knight no longer attempted to hide his pain or his grief .
tr	PRES	The room opens up with a low grumble and dust fills the air .
tr	PRES	" Right here in my satchel with the lichen - " " Count them . "
tr	PRES	His hand reaches for the speed throttle so that it touches the max limit .
tr	PAST	He cups his hand around his mouth and flicks the top of the lighter .
tr	PAST	David sniffed once , standing taller .
tr	PAST	An entire hour slowly trudged by , and the van hadn 't been able to move as much as a single yard .
tr	PAST	I doubted I would see him again since I was certain we frequented very different establishments .
tr	PRES	" I - " he blurted , guilty conscience kicking in .
tr	PAST	Ethan Davis destroyed my life . "
tr	PRES	Sean Kendrick holds out his hand .
tr	PAST	A psychologist once named me , my kind .
tr	PRES	' ' Rosie ? "
tr	PRES	My hand falls from the tree .
tr	PAST	" Wonderful , " boomed Sir Lionel .
tr	PRES	A few hid momentarily behind the towering mast .
tr	PRES	" Maybe there 's more than one monster in the house that cannot handle his poison , after all , " Charlie mumbled sardonically .
tr	PAST	She interpreted that to mean he regretted what had happened between them and hoped she wasn 't pregnant .
tr	PRES	" The tracker serum - " Adam nods , his eyes heavy , distraught .
tr	PAST	From instinct I dialed the number I knew so well , the number that would bring help even faster than 911 .
tr	PRES	The mind plays tricks .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward the overstuffed sofa .
tr	PAST	He motioned at the empty chair , center-left .
tr	PAST	She pitched herself into the dark room , her body surging with adrenaline .
tr	PAST	" I think it 's a brilliant idea , " she countered with a smile , then lifted her face to his .
tr	PAST	He giggled like a mean little schoolgirl .
tr	PAST	Her hands glowed bright as embers .
tr	PAST	He entertained the thought of commanding Vena to swallow her so that she 'd shut up .
tr	PRES	The bullet hisses by my left ear just as my knee catches his shoulder .
tr	PAST	The slightest flinch revealed athletic splendor .
tr	PRES	" Oh , forget it , " Simon mumbled .
tr	PRES	" A keyhole ? "
tr	PAST	A tawny brow flicked upward .
tr	PRES	She frowns as she winds around the tiny island in the middle of the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Is Alfie a teenager ? "
tr	PAST	She replaced her gloves , crouched down again , and readjusted her gown .
tr	PAST	I weaved on my feet a bit as I walked through the motions the girl would have taken .
tr	PAST	Cain crouched by her side , and tucked her hair behind her ear to keep it out of her eyes .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me and grins .
tr	PRES	She throws a piece at me when I get close , and I catch it in my mouth .
tr	PAST	" Zane handled that shit .
tr	PAST	Aris received her amazement with an enigmatic smile , one that had Selene itching to know just what stories it was hiding .
tr	PAST	The war party charged out of the forest and through the cornfield .
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE SIXTY MINUTES OBJECTIVE TIME .
tr	PRES	I stir my ice with my straw .
tr	PRES	She likes you - likes you .
tr	PAST	Her fingers scrolled over my scalp , like she was trying to read my thoughts .
tr	PRES	He finally announces his discovery to the rest of his team by whispering , " We have a tiger . "
tr	PRES	I relax with this thought .
tr	PAST	His thumbs flicked the peaks back and forth while his mouth moved downward to kiss her belly .
tr	PRES	No lights shone in the house .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , his body jolted and the bed jerked .
tr	PAST	Their shadows glided over the wooden floor as the men fled the room , and I stepped aside , watching them in silence , knowing their fate .
tr	PRES	My mother , father , sisters . '
tr	PAST	Wulf relayed the message to his guards and then had Cassandra repeat every word of it .
tr	PRES	" That tastes horrendous .
tr	PAST	We flicked our gaze back to the speaker as he continued .
tr	PRES	At the moment , Montgomery remains stoically silent on the issue , refusing any comment at all . "
tr	PRES	" Always gettin ' in trouble , ever since he was little .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and lets out a scream that echoes around us and causes dogs to bark in the distance .
tr	PRES	Mom relaxes back on her bottom .
tr	PAST	Then he painted the number 0001 on her blouse , and said : " Chime her . "
tr	PRES	The room holds it .
tr	PRES	" You feel so good , " he whispers against my mouth .
tr	PRES	For a moment , her body stops its constant twitching and she seems to relax .
tr	PRES	You reek of it . "
tr	PAST	Zach protected his privacy .
tr	PAST	A house represented a commitment to family and future .
tr	PRES	Reaching the central pedestal , Rift sees the small platform is covered in symbols , but there is no portal to be utilized .
tr	PRES	Even within the Sleep . "
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	Or Cal could have lied .
tr	PRES	' I wish I had a knife , ' Megan absently mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Stop patronizing me . "
tr	PAST	" Allie can do anything , " Maddie defended .
tr	PAST	Mike 's eyes revealed that her statement had pierced his heart .
tr	PRES	" Dusting for prints . "
tr	PAST	" Don 't be ridiculous , " he scoffed .
tr	PAST	Mike 's quiet question proved he was as observant as he was good-looking .
tr	PRES	I slap his hands away .
tr	PRES	A look of discomfort passes over his face and he takes a deep breath .
tr	PRES	The corner of his mouth twitches .
tr	PRES	The inhabitants , once righteous armies of kings and queens had changed to dark sinister groups that worked in the Shadows .
tr	PRES	She carries out a check .
tr	PAST	His breath ceased , caught in a low rasp in his lungs .
tr	PRES	" Tidal wave , " Ben explains .
tr	PRES	She loves to dance , and has music going all the time .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted uncomfortably in me seat .
tr	PAST	I prayed that he 'd do as I had requested .
tr	PRES	" And selfish . "
tr	PAST	If Max was dying , Phoebe doubted she had the words to comfort Clark 's mother ; the relationship between them was already strained .
tr	PAST	Jacob appraised me with narrowed eyes .
tr	PAST	she inquired , knowing that it couldn 't be Sal .
tr	PAST	It bounced once , then landed on the floor .
tr	PAST	Gran buzzed around and tried repeatedly to force her remedies upon him , but Luis held firm .
tr	PRES	Small pots of fake cacti decorate every table and bottles of tequila are splayed in racks all over the walls ; each one matted with cobwebs .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Thane .
tr	PRES	" And you stink .
tr	PRES	And one hell of a kinky slut .
tr	PAST	' He wanted your body , ' Gabriel derived from her silence .
tr	PAST	A perfectly matched pair of fakes .
tr	PAST	Who stole your balls and how do I get them back for you ? "
tr	PAST	Our deed complete , we retreated without a word the same way we 'd come .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together and hands it back to me , pointing again to the seat opposite him .
tr	PAST	Dan motioned at Gary .
tr	PAST	He flicked his gaze to the screen .
tr	PRES	Bent boughs with spears attached swung at others .
tr	PRES	Herr 'D on clapped loudly and bashed his fist against the carriage wall .
tr	PRES	After a bit of brief hesitation she disconnected the call .
tr	PAST	As they crossed the distance , the ceiling caved in ahead of them .
tr	PAST	It reflected hard won knowledge of zombie behavior that mirrored what Thomas had described .
tr	PRES	" And honored . "
tr	PRES	" Uh uh Zeke . "
tr	PRES	" No other handsome wolves out in the woods ? "
tr	PAST	He had circled and found a spot a block away on a side street that afforded a narrow view of the Raphael 's home .
tr	PAST	When it got there it broke every window in the world , it shattered glass , and steel , and bone .
tr	PRES	And it stank of sweat , and blood , and pig .
tr	PRES	Whatever you 've done to her , it stops now ! "
tr	PRES	" Bear Wright ? "
tr	PAST	Trench walls wept , disintegrating over the shaking people who cowered within them .
tr	PRES	Smoke rises from the crumpled mess and I cannot wrench open the door .
tr	PRES	Then she flips them over , and back .
tr	PAST	Maddy joked , " Do you think there is an app for this ? "
tr	PAST	Sulley exited the office and began to rummage through a pile of hand-written messages on a nearby desk before he caught sight of me .
tr	PRES	I redirect my attention back to Nicholas .
tr	PAST	He thanked her and ate heartily .
tr	PRES	" The Fifth what ? "
tr	PRES	She sees me and almost smiles before returning to her work .
tr	PAST	Three fanned out in front of her .
tr	PRES	" She talks to me .
tr	PAST	Nate urged the horses back into a trot and then responded .
tr	PAST	Emma feared she had said something wrong , but what ?
tr	PAST	His green eyes twinkled behind gold framed glasses .
tr	PRES	She also loves dogs , books about dogs , and sugary coffee drinks both hot and cold .
tr	PRES	He stands over me with his legs on either side of my body , looking down .
tr	PAST	Maggie tugged at Laurent 's shirt pulling him back to the table .
tr	PRES	Once bitten by a Vampire , the transformation begins .
tr	PAST	He crawled his way to settle down next to Jordan .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number , and Ms. Roberts answered the phone on the second ring .
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes flicked to me ever so briefly .
tr	PAST	His bloodshot eyes roamed to where the bottle lay on its side on the coffee table .
tr	PRES	She sucks in a breath , then releases it slowly , the fear in her eyes subsiding , as if she 's just won it . '
tr	PAST	After an initial reluctance , Borden dove into his dinner with abandon , smearing himself with sauce and grease and mumbling praises about the taste .
tr	PRES	He releases my arm and I lean up on my elbows .
tr	PAST	Wolf Eyes withdrew his knife from the hot bear oil .
tr	PRES	Marti leaned forward , her dark eyes alight .
tr	PAST	Jace balled his fists , setting his teeth against the coming pain .
tr	PAST	" Then I invite you all in ? "
tr	PRES	The paper wrappers that held silverware inside restaurant napkins .
tr	PAST	" You goddamned motherfucker ! "
tr	PAST	Sebastian sits on the floor , behind one of the library stacks , his back propped up against the wall .
tr	PAST	" Answer them , " Seth urged her .
tr	PAST	She feared that if she didn 't , he might walk from the room and then she 'd never see him again .
tr	PAST	Silk rustled , then tore , a high harsh rip ; the door slammed .
tr	PRES	" The white light , it flashes when the energy of the spirit disintegrates .
tr	PRES	' He helps with the horses .
tr	PAST	His energy on those premises so powerfully matched the energy of the big rats that they felt at home freely damaging all the birds ' clothes .
tr	PAST	Her posture suddenly stiffened a little .
tr	PRES	" He owes some guy money .
tr	PRES	He owes us everything , for giving him you . "
tr	PRES	Sarah refuses to leave the room ; she holds John 's hand , stroking it gently , trying to coax him awake .
tr	PRES	He holds up a small purple stone and then places it on the back of his hand .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you home ? "
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " I froze again , this time in the doorway .
tr	PAST	" They smashed through the door and then - I don 't know . "
tr	PAST	Pierce inquired fully engrossed in the story .
tr	PAST	The man rustled his newspaper , ' What ? '
tr	PRES	" Every day , " he teased .
tr	PRES	As I reach the first floor , I hesitate .
tr	PAST	Here in nature , pitted against this silent beast of the wild , a timeless portrait of man versus whatever he turned against himself .
tr	PAST	But a part of her preferred not knowing the truth just yet .
tr	PAST	I flicked the button free on her jeans , dragged down the zipper , slipped them from her hips .
tr	PRES	" To make the Easter washing of the feet easier for George , " Adam explains .
tr	PRES	Ethan reaches in to pull me back , but I climb onto the console , taking in the long , thin stick stabbed in his shoulder .
tr	PRES	His pale eyes shine with a cold light , but he masks it with a smile .
tr	PRES	I teach art . "
tr	PRES	" A new assignment dawns for you .
tr	PRES	" He probably rises the same time that I do .
tr	PAST	The tension amongst the group was palpable , waiting for him to present them with a platform from which to push their hotly contesting barrows .
tr	PAST	John , recovered from his shove , grappled with Ellis , trying to pull him away from his father .
tr	PRES	" But ... isn 't that illegal ? "
tr	PAST	She frowned , disconcerted because her body was so pliant , every muscle released of the tension she normally carried .
tr	PAST	The General 's high-pitched , shrill voice pierced Marco 's ears .
tr	PAST	Rex reflected that dry swallowing was one of the few new tricks his old dog of a father had learned since the accident .
tr	PAST	Gino stifled an incredulous laugh , but only after Emile glared at him .
tr	PRES	He throws up his hands but not in an " I 'm going to knock you out " sort of way .
tr	PRES	I recall you were working on the first one .
tr	PRES	" All her shots . "
tr	PAST	He wheels away from her and turns on Isaac .
tr	PRES	Mel glances up at Gabe .
tr	PRES	" I haven 't clipped out a pattern in ages , " I protest .
tr	PRES	" So everything I sell on Bradley you 've acquired from other plains ? "
tr	PRES	He belongs to me .
tr	PAST	He committed himself to be tolerant .
tr	PAST	Ronan withdrew , then surged deep again .
tr	PAST	Both warriors eyed each other cautiously .
tr	PRES	He inhales and 5 fingers on one hand form a fickle fist .
tr	PAST	The field extended over an area that seemed to be several hundred acres in size .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " I hesitate to answer .
tr	PAST	I hooked up with Penelope last week and she - " " You hooked up with Penelope ?
tr	PRES	Everyone likes their mother 's cooking best . "
tr	PRES	He reaches seven and thinks , don 't back out .
tr	PRES	Boss likes an eye for an eye .
tr	PAST	She left her great chair and began pacing before the window , her hands clasped at the small of her back .
tr	PRES	" Zack , you are from California , only 2 states over from New Mexico .
tr	PAST	This is going to work , he reassured himself .
tr	PRES	" No kernels , " I snap .
tr	PAST	His brain seized on her name and refused to churn out more words .
tr	PRES	Fury always talks more to you than he does me . "
tr	PAST	Walker stomped on the queen .
tr	PRES	Two parent home , rich , privileged upbringing ... you 're comfortable in those clothes . "
tr	PAST	Questions buzzed through her mind .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of living in Denver .
tr	PAST	Her tongue-in-cheek comment deepened the concern shadowing his eyes .
tr	PAST	With a roar , he charged her again .
tr	PRES	He arches an eyebrow and looks up at me , then back down to the phone .
tr	PRES	A tall beautiful vision stands before me .
tr	PRES	My aunt holds the distinction of being the first female cop in the family .
tr	PRES	Erin throws in the towel .
tr	PRES	" Geoffrey blames me .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and vomit over the side of the bed , my stomach twisting and my throat burning .
tr	PAST	My top gone , breasts exposed , and a guy in the background .
tr	PAST	Escort them out quietly . "
tr	PAST	" Did you quit or were you fired ? "
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh god oh god oh god ... " Caitlin cried .
tr	PAST	In Patrick 's second year at Florida State , a biology professor named Ted Williams had turned him on to science .
tr	PRES	A caption flashes along the bottom , calling for witnesses .
tr	PRES	She points us to the tangs and I root through a couple , trying to find one with solid tips .
tr	PRES	As I do , the illusion dissipates and a Chaos like demon bears his jagged teeth .
tr	PAST	There , there , dig in , the Devil instructed .
tr	PAST	The wounds on his face itched .
tr	PRES	Every time you try to use something , it steals the energy you 're trying to use , making it even stronger .
tr	PAST	I reported back to the council every evening until finally Dylan said exactly what I 'd feared .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and pulls me onto his lap , then wraps my legs around him .
tr	PAST	Moments later , a second wolf emerged from the forest , larger , sleeker , and every bit as familiar as Rudi .
tr	PRES	Let 's swim a little . "
tr	PRES	" You 're making Elise uncomfortable , " he murmurs , his tone controlled .
tr	PRES	" There , there , lass .
tr	PAST	They holstered their weapons and gripped each other 's hands .
tr	PRES	Danvers paused , her eyes gleaming .
tr	PAST	Nick sped off , screeching his tires down the driveway .
tr	PRES	" No elephant ! "
tr	PAST	The canvas split with a loud ripping noise , making the hair rise on the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	The next day , we awoke in the late morning and made love again .
tr	PAST	Then suddenly his body tensed , his head came up and he looked over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Mel stills her hands and presses her lips together .
tr	PRES	Comes back when you find your direction .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone with intelligence .
tr	PRES	But I assume she would have contacted me before closing it . '
tr	PRES	" At a range . "
tr	PRES	The chit chatter radiating from the rooms abruptly ceases as we walk past them .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his cell phone .
tr	PRES	" MASH stands for mansion , apartment , shack and house , but I like to play this my own way .
tr	PRES	" The divorce . "
tr	PRES	Cath adds gaily as , drawing me close again , she snaps another photo .
tr	PAST	" Gone now , " I reported .
tr	PRES	" Is that Carla there ? "
tr	PAST	He 'd bounced back remarkably quickly from his upset .
tr	PAST	" Go on , " Royce invited her , his speculative gaze riveted on her with rapt fascination .
tr	PRES	" You little brat .
tr	PRES	By the way , Adam sings very well .
tr	PRES	When Carrot looked blank , he went on : " Of the jigsaw puzzle , captain .
tr	PAST	" Me , I 'm fine , just , fine , " Matthew lied .
tr	PAST	he inquired with maddening calm .
tr	PRES	My skin tingles from the taste .
tr	PRES	Her eyes were red , her voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" A living shawl . "
tr	PAST	She balled her hands into fists .
tr	PAST	I prayed to the Goddess Bastet to deliver you , a minor goddess , to my bed .
tr	PAST	" Whoa , " urged Horace .
tr	PAST	Chapter 23 He seemed mesmerized by the gun ; he couldn 't take his eyes off it .
tr	PRES	My head pops up .
tr	PRES	He pops one lid open , then the other , dipping in the flat wooden stirrer , swirling the paint around .
tr	PRES	They represent the future , the next generation , the continuation and growth of the species .
tr	PAST	Richard fell to his knees , one arm extended as Singer shook his head from side to side , snarling .
tr	PRES	Besides , the cold and wind clears my head in a way that an hour of sitting meditation can 't touch .
tr	PAST	She retreated to her canoe and started north again , keeping her eyes on the shore and not on the island that grew close .
tr	PAST	In the cab I clutched the ring so hard it felt like it was carving through my bones .
tr	PAST	He marveled that she was here , and that a moment he 'd decided might never happen was unfolding .
tr	PAST	She spun around and looked directly towards the tunnel , her ears pricked .
tr	PAST	* * * I awoke the next day with the sun already high in the sky .
tr	PAST	The same car sped toward me , missing my face by inches and screeching off with the smell of rubber .
tr	PAST	She twirled her mother 's pink bracelet .
tr	PAST	Ink would 've skipped burying the bodies ; he was anxious to return to town now that they had a car .
tr	PRES	She hauled Brett up by his shirt and said , " Where 's the basement door ?
tr	PRES	She likes to look sexy and young just as much as she likes to yell when she 's stressed .
tr	PRES	One who would climb mountains , swim oceans , if that was what it took to be there when she needed him .
tr	PAST	Chen brightened Morton 's outlook a little by bombarding him with a statistical probability chart .
tr	PRES	" No one deserves that .
tr	PAST	Isabella clutched the railing , relief making her knees weak .
tr	PRES	Rex removes the picture , a yellow and purple dragon then the wall reveals a hidden metal safe .
tr	PAST	She squinted to try and see the firefly against the darkening sky , and then it blinked again , right in front of her .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands nervously .
tr	PRES	" Oh , my gosh , she looks so beautiful , " Mia whispered to herself .
tr	PAST	A man dressed in black with a rifle in his hands crawled onto the deck from the water .
tr	PAST	Water from the crashing waves and heavy rain created a dense mist that soaked Robert the moment he set foot atop the boards .
tr	PRES	His brother lies dead beneath a pile of rocks , an exchange for Mikhail 's priest . "
tr	PRES	Reagan hooks her thumbs in the waistband of her sleep shorts and pulls them down , along with her panties .
tr	PAST	Kai 's ears pricked at his words .
tr	PRES	I lean down to kiss her again , suckling her lower lip between mine before biting down on it gently .
tr	PRES	Gavin loves you and wants to stay .
tr	PAST	The emotion in my chest exploded and I understood it now .
tr	PAST	A cloud of dust fogged the air , and when it cleared , Claire saw that there was nothing in the box .
tr	PAST	Since she didn 't plan on going to school the following day , she dumped her backpack on her bed without giving it a second look .
tr	PAST	The words quieted into a murmured stutter .
tr	PRES	You scare the filling out of her doughnut . "
tr	PAST	I pretended to be angry and headed to the door .
tr	PRES	He reaches to run his finger over the ribbon tied to the end of my hair .
tr	PRES	" Che , I 've heard all this Christian stuff before , ok ?
tr	PAST	We can walk you to your first class , " Taryn chimed in with her bubbly little voice .
tr	PRES	A hulking beast of a silhouette begins to rise from the ground .
tr	PAST	" I 'm just so tired , " she muffled into his neck .
tr	PRES	Twenty-five kids in the cramped classroom swivel their heads and glare .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around my waist and buries her head against my chest .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved into a wicked smile .
tr	PRES	" Follow me , and I 'll get you the towel .
tr	PRES	You " ve Called to her and seek to protect her . "
tr	PRES	" What manner of curse permits you to master stone without being a gargoyle ? "
tr	PRES	A surge of adrenaline fills me as I pull Skyla toward me and find her lips .
tr	PRES	" Very polite this evening too . "
tr	PRES	Billie buys herself a pair of gold hotpants she saw one of the hookers wearing the night before and a sequined Sandringham blue tank top .
tr	PAST	For a young man with plenty of money fishing required a resplendent boat with plenty of power together with the latest in fishing gear .
tr	PAST	Panic seized my chest , robbing it of breath and creating this panicked explosive feeling in my lungs .
tr	PAST	These multi-colored strings catapulted like a whip .
tr	PRES	I approve of daughters , somehow .
tr	PAST	Dev hauled him up from the floor .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PAST	Simon intruded in Italian , having just finished watching a movie and not being able to sleep .
tr	PRES	I crane my neck to see if I can catch a glimpse of my brother in the crowds , but I don 't see him there .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth as she glared down at the gleam of his silver hair .
tr	PAST	We always received word of the newest locations from travelers to our small village .
tr	PAST	Anna doubted herself , wondering if holding the baby as long as she did would have an adverse effect on his sleeping or feeding patterns .
tr	PRES	Knocking on Eva 's door , it opens and I see Reginald , Amanda and Gabriel talking about the spirits .
tr	PAST	Hal thanked him and helped Karen up out of her chair .
tr	PRES	The body arches beneath them , but the heart monitor still sings its flat line song .
tr	PAST	" But he volunteered that information , correct ? "
tr	PRES	I averted my eyes again ; my own breathing was the only sound filling the room .
tr	PAST	Seeing her brother at the end of her bed , she crawled over the covers and circled her arms around him .
tr	PAST	Reaching the castle required a vertical climb where one wrong step could have disastrous results .
tr	PRES	When I don 't move and flick my eyes longingly down the hallway , she snaps her fingers .
tr	PRES	But the very thought causes my stomach to churn .
tr	PRES	Fear fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	Silas flicked an imaginary speck of dust from his sleeve with a fingernail as sharp as a blade .
tr	PRES	And not knowing kills me , Katy .
tr	PRES	But the dead person remains out of confusion or some emotional attachment when it should be moving into the light . "
tr	PRES	" Part of the reason ... " She clears her throat .
tr	PRES	" He likes children . "
tr	PAST	Eli stated as Zoey stood in front of him .
tr	PAST	I revealed the criss-cross lattice of little straight scars I had accumulated over my schooling .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't break up with me , " he begged .
tr	PAST	We crawled out from the table .
tr	PRES	He skins down the ladder with a grace I can 't help but admire .
tr	PAST	Nina lingered on the thug for a second trying to think up something to say , but there was nothing .
tr	PRES	" Since you 're here and not at the gift shop , I assume you don 't want to take the traditional route . "
tr	PRES	" I would debate the matter to your satisfaction if I could , Princess , but time is not on our side .
tr	PRES	Single file after that , with her between them , they plodded through the rain .
tr	PAST	He acted funny and stressed the private time .
tr	PAST	A ping-pong ball smacked off the back of her head before she took another step forward .
tr	PAST	Echo readied her daggers , wishing desperately that she could call Shimmer for help .
tr	PAST	It slowed briefly , and then sped away .
tr	PRES	Lavina screwed her nose up .
tr	PAST	" Giving " equaled " stingy " in Gideon 's messed-up world .
tr	PAST	He smashed the glasses .
tr	PAST	Dr. Stuart 's frown deepened .
tr	PAST	Then that voice uttered deep and low in my ear .
tr	PAST	He clasped her arm and kissed her wrist before setting it to rest on his chest .
tr	PAST	He wagged a finger at her .
tr	PRES	Danica tries Cagney ´ s laptop and nothing either .
tr	PAST	Without speaking , he inched down the wall , knowing she would follow .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a happy sigh when school finally let out for the day .
tr	PRES	" He likes the Caicos Islands , Puerto Rico , Haiti and especially the Cayman Islands .
tr	PAST	" You doubted it ? "
tr	PRES	Derrick , the drummer , randomly sings about his day .
tr	PAST	He clutched his hands together , twisting them as an old woman begging for mercy .
tr	PAST	She squealed , but raised her stick and blocked the blow .
tr	PRES	" How about going out into the courtyard , Dahlia ?
tr	PRES	" A junior . "
tr	PRES	This one Amelie herself unlocked , with a key she kept in the small clutch purse she carried .
tr	PAST	" Of course , I care for him , " Anna shrieked , as she jumped from her chair .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and stands , heading for the fridge .
tr	PAST	Lisa crawled forward on her knees , fighting to keep her balance .
tr	PAST	she scoffed , proud despite the hands that gripped her .
tr	PAST	She berated herself , struggling to find her focus .
tr	PAST	Cassidy hopped out of the jeep and finally spoke up .
tr	PAST	" Such a shame , though .
tr	PRES	" Your uncle lacks sway over the very men he will soon command .
tr	PAST	Jimmy sniffed and rubbed his eyes once more .
tr	PAST	" I get it , I messed up .
tr	PAST	A shot split the air .
tr	PAST	He crawled to the opening of his tent and peeked out just as he saw a dark figure lean towards Lauren 's tent .
tr	PAST	Finn crouched down and touched the ground .
tr	PAST	He clasped her hand in his and held it still .
tr	PAST	He urged her back against the wall , moving his body in hard against hers until his chest pressed against her breasts .
tr	PRES	" Sending Marcie a text . "
tr	PRES	Much brighter than Riley 's , almost glowing .
tr	PAST	It vibrated again , but she ignored it .
tr	PRES	Sarah gently taps my leg .
tr	PRES	The color returns to his cheeks and his cheekbones start fill out .
tr	PAST	The tall , lanky man motioned to Donovan who was sitting next to him at the cold metal table in a private room at the local jail .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , sliding the panel close .
tr	PAST	Cars spewed through the base front gate and into the civilian world as the workday ended .
tr	PRES	" Now that I 've shown you pleasure , you 'll crave it , crave me .
tr	PAST	Her eyes roamed over the delicate ink tattoos the women had given her .
tr	PAST	He prayed to every god I 've heard of , and many that I don 't know .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " He climbs back on the bed and rolls on his back with his arms behind his head .
tr	PRES	Hecate uses her powers to seek and destroy life , to taint it .
tr	PAST	Shock catapulted through her .
tr	PRES	" Got it , Tony .
tr	PRES	' course they 'll probably just be mad at me 'cause of what my Daddy put them through .
tr	PAST	Your hair tickled my arm several times but I could never see your face .
tr	PAST	Slade adjusted his cuffs .
tr	PRES	A few tattoos , maybe .
tr	PRES	'D ' is average and ' E ' is unsatisfactory , I add to complete the picture . "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , gripping my arm in his hand , he hauled me toward the guesthouse .
tr	PRES	He holds extreme pride in both and has severely tortured and killed people for such things . "
tr	PAST	Out in the field , Brown collapsed in a cloud of stinging insects .
tr	PAST	Ignoring me , his hand retreated back , and slowly took off his scarred mask .
tr	PAST	Kevin smashed their racquets together so hard the ball popped one way and Neil 's racquet flew the other .
tr	PAST	She tugged on them until she had them down his long , lean legs and his shoes off and all that remained were a pair of boxers .
tr	PRES	Porsche destroys fleets of their sports cars in their testing lab and field trials .
tr	PRES	This human toy , you see , lets me talk to people from far away . "
tr	PRES	A man stops me .
tr	PAST	" You 're not a very good liar , Perry , " she stated .
tr	PRES	I gape at the nail gun and then at him .
tr	PRES	Darcy smiled , her dimples in full force .
tr	PRES	That explains her elevation to girlfriend status .
tr	PRES	Could you accompany me ? "
tr	PRES	' Any breakfast items with your order ? '
tr	PRES	" An illusion ? "
tr	PAST	She cleaned me out . "
tr	PRES	" You haven 't even begun to see me get crazy , " she snaps , pointing at the door .
tr	PRES	" Sounds like fun , bro . "
tr	PRES	" No , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Leaves rustled against the sides of the house , whispering secrets that she would never know .
tr	PAST	She leaned forward , her hands clasped together .
tr	PAST	Three blonde girls who had to be sisters abandoned their trip to school to run down across the bridge for a better view .
tr	PRES	" The lighthouse . "
tr	PAST	A breeze rustled the leaves of the trees on the quad , and Bonnie shivered .
tr	PRES	He finally passes out cold .
tr	PRES	Nora stops in surprise , her fingers poised on the lid .
tr	PAST	The station reported that Danny Daniels was on his way back to Washington , aboard Air Force One .
tr	PRES	Chapter Five ' Either you run the day or the day runs you . '
tr	PAST	Gary attempted to speak , but no words came out .
tr	PRES	His mouth returns to mine before I can say another word , his punishing kiss deep and hot and wet .
tr	PAST	He stares at me like I 'm a moron and then traces the " S " wrapped by a circle marking his upper arm .
tr	PAST	Dee exhaled , surprised how hearing what she already knew still sucker punched her .
tr	PAST	He wriggled an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	He dialed Gina 's cell and put the phone to his ear .
tr	PRES	" I 'll never call you paranoid again , " Echo breathes .
tr	PRES	" And the trees here provide plenty of cover . "
tr	PRES	" God hears . "
tr	PAST	The tip of him sought entry where none had been before .
tr	PRES	She stands very close .
tr	PRES	" What emergency ? "
tr	PAST	" You take the smaller one , " the dark haired boy orders and I assume he means me .
tr	PRES	And looking up at the portrait helps bring remembrance back , at least a little .
tr	PRES	As Pierre walks out , Timothy sighs and thinks , what a day .
tr	PAST	Nicholas claimed to hate coffee from a plastic cup , and fortunately two of his colleagues held similar prejudices .
tr	PAST	Then I dared ask the next question , the one I was fairly certain I knew the answer to .
tr	PAST	The familiar voice of the night clerk boomed loudly through the door .
tr	PAST	Nate marveled at what a strange childhood she 'd had .
tr	PAST	His hands whipped up , wrists crisscrossed , his fingers hammering at the triggers as his arms moved , left going right , right going left .
tr	PAST	" Tell me , " she urged again .
tr	PRES	Before she 'd had her morning tea her naturally blond hair was on its way to dark red with copper highlights .
tr	PAST	Immediately we got home , she prayed and changed into a casual dress ; usually my two years old shirts and a wrapper .
tr	PAST	Viktor gritted his teeth in a hesitant smile as he produced some of the items they 'd bought earlier .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved in a sly smile .
tr	PAST	Slowly I replaced the receiver .
tr	PAST	A few old leaves floated down and settled at his feet .
tr	PRES	The last time anyone remembers seeing Stefan was four nights ago . "
tr	PRES	My hands swivel over her body , tracing out the curves that up until now I had only dreamed of touching .
tr	PAST	The mobile beeped again .
tr	PAST	You disobeyed the night of the battle , and I proclaimed your punishment .
tr	PAST	" Whatever the cost to you ? "
tr	PRES	Now , if it wasn 't you ... " " Pretty unlikely " mutters Dredd and Maker casts him a sharp look .
tr	PRES	Of course , therein lies the problem .
tr	PRES	Ben lets me go right quick .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	I seized my moment to ask her about it .
tr	PRES	Kylie and Kev both shout my name but I am beyond caring .
tr	PRES	She tries to move to work her way around us but Connor grabs her gently by the arms .
tr	PRES	Everything changes , but it 's a change for the better . "
tr	PRES	" Take me , " she begged , tortured by the feelings of emptiness and desperation .
tr	PAST	Marcus withdrew a handkerchief and wiped the sweat from Avery 's brow .
tr	PRES	" Thanks Mia . "
tr	PAST	Lori sneezed before adding , " And until then , we can just stay out of each other 's way as much as possible . "
tr	PRES	I fudge it a little and it slides right open , but the facade is back on .
tr	PAST	And I thanked Sally Huston for being so wrong about me .
tr	PRES	And he loves it .
tr	PAST	I joked , " And you thought I wouldn 't make a good manager . "
tr	PAST	His head nuzzled my neck before he kissed the top of my head .
tr	PRES	If I could get one of those swords ... something to consider . "
tr	PRES	Kiersten opens the door to the women 's restroom .
tr	PRES	He likes plain clothes . "
tr	PRES	Why corrupt that with lies ? '
tr	PRES	The entire world shrinks down to our two bodies as I feel myself subsumed by the sensation .
tr	PRES	Three men in suits surround me with assault rifles aimed at me .
tr	PAST	Light reflected off of " KO 's " glistening body .
tr	PAST	Lauren scrolled through the Internet looking for something that even remotely appealed to her and fit her budget .
tr	PAST	But the book served to remind him of just how true Grace 's earlier words were .
tr	PAST	the sheriff instructed the men .
tr	PRES	He pulled away , his smile fading as he cupped my cheek .
tr	PAST	At least they no longer treated her like an embarrassing , distant relative who they hoped they could pretend wasn 't related to them .
tr	PAST	" Nah , " he scoffed , shoving a huge bite into his mouth .
tr	PAST	" We 're just ... uh ... " She twirled a strand of hair between two fingers .
tr	PRES	She also yawns and tightens the belt around her robe .
tr	PRES	" He likes me ! "
tr	PAST	The Guard 's inattentiveness bothered him .
tr	PAST	" Leave the man alone , Verity , " Emerson advised blandly .
tr	PAST	She neared the fence on Dreamer and leaned down to hand him Cam , who wasn 't very happy about getting off the horse .
tr	PAST	I attempted to swallow back the lump that had taken up residence in my throat , unable to control the hot tears that spilled from my eyes .
tr	PAST	I reclined back in my seat and breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	He reappeared shortly , and nodded at Tavi , then held out his hand .
tr	PAST	' Why drag me all the way here ? '
tr	PAST	Another boy piped up .
tr	PRES	The jetty stretches thirty or forty feet into the water and gets almost completely engulfed at high tide .
tr	PRES	My heart speeds up as his lips touch my neck , kissing me tenderly .
tr	PAST	They froze all of those , too . "
tr	PAST	Allison and I squished onto the love seat while Jason sat on the end of the couch closest to us .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up , laughing .
tr	PAST	On the following Wednesday , Michael announced a need to make a business trip on Friday morning .
tr	PAST	I pondered her word choice .
tr	PAST	I dumped everything into the car .
tr	PAST	" I am being careful , " I lied .
tr	PAST	His own reflected face with the disturbing missive scrawled on the wall behind him .
tr	PRES	We stood in a circle , the nine of us , silent with the exception of titanium clips clicking into place , daggers snapping onto our sides .
tr	PAST	The shockwave clipped his legs , knocking him into a pendulum swing .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	John palmed a fork from the table as a cold metal chain whipped across his throat .
tr	PAST	Gavin stripped off his T-shirt and sweats and knelt on the bed .
tr	PAST	Second , I think this is all some horrible dream and if I ran into a wall I 'd probably wake up , " I countered .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , captain .
tr	PRES	His skin shone with the afterglow of exertion and the exhilaration of reaching personal bests .
tr	PRES	She taps her CU .
tr	PRES	The critical second of weakness allows only for a blunt strike to the hero 's temple , knocking him to the ground with a grunt of pain .
tr	PRES	You underestimate yourself and therefore everyone else does too .
tr	PRES	She exhales with depression then swings into the hallway .
tr	PAST	" He collected three more pets the first year we were married .
tr	PAST	First , I wanted to be anywhere she was , and second , she attended mass at the National Cathedral .
tr	PRES	" Outside the dome that protects Sanctuary . "
tr	PRES	" Please , God , " she begged .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed up and down my body , making me feel hot all over .
tr	PRES	" I bruise really easy . "
tr	PRES	" You bluff well enough when we play cards .
tr	PAST	Ed 's face froze .
tr	PAST	The vapor circled me in a taunting manner , teasing me with its icy touch as it slipped over my exposed skin .
tr	PRES	More they talk , less they communicate " .
tr	PRES	" Ava , please ... please don 't walk away from me , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Dagmar gritted her teeth and answered , " I 'm fine . "
tr	PRES	Just stands there , " answered the guard to the left .
tr	PRES	He likes to stay up late watching infomercials , crunching potato chips and picking at his feet .
tr	PRES	And then more Sriracha sauce .
tr	PAST	I didn 't kidnap her , ' I countered , facing my brother .
tr	PRES	" She rises ! "
tr	PAST	He extended his hand to Pat and said , " Buenos dias , Señor Connors .
tr	PRES	" Blood and severed limbs . "
tr	PRES	I rip my helmet off , jog over to the bench , take a seat , and open my playbook .
tr	PRES	" Do not play games , Raven .
tr	PAST	Titus 's grin matched hers as he grabbed her by the waist and pulled her practically into his lap .
tr	PRES	He placed one palm against the wall , effectively caging her in , his body language blatant , possessive , deliberately easy to read .
tr	PRES	He whispers again , " Can I keep asking ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , life altering . "
tr	PAST	19 " What ? "
tr	PAST	The sudden ruffling sound of the padlock awoke Amelia , to her dismay .
tr	PRES	Tess lets out a shaky breath .
tr	PAST	From there she backtracked , trying hard to remember which way they 'd turned at which crossing .
tr	PRES	" Constance hath illness and thee provided some teas for thy aches and pain .
tr	PRES	Yet when she needs a protector the most , Grey offers his services and vows he wants to court her .
tr	PAST	After lunch , the afternoon crawled .
tr	PAST	The glass of the window shattered , raining pieces down upon Tick , who knew in his gut what was happening .
tr	PAST	Only the sound of shuffling feet floated through the air .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled my neck .
tr	PRES	After several long moments , he relaxes his hold on me .
tr	PAST	The words ' place between places ' floated through Elizabeth 's mind , but she wasn 't sure what the significance was .
tr	PAST	Tammy froze on the spot .
tr	PAST	He regarded me closely and then exhaled through his nose .
tr	PAST	After a time , I ceased to ask .
tr	PAST	She staged the whole thing as another notch in her ultimate betrayal . "
tr	PAST	He looked up , his eyes glowed in the darkness .
tr	PAST	Will produced another beer from beside him in his chair and took a big gulp , then glanced at me .
tr	PAST	Jacob nuzzled her neck and tugged back .
tr	PRES	Did that ever occur to you ? "
tr	PAST	She trusted his innate sense of honor enough to know he would completely set her free first .
tr	PAST	Soeren stares at me for a second , begging for help , and stays silent when it is clear that I have no idea either .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , sis .
tr	PRES	' What brings you here at this hour , Micah ? '
tr	PRES	Maybe - The girl stops to pull her shoe outta some mud .
tr	PRES	" We are the funniest thing in the magazine , " Seth mumbled .
tr	PRES	She gazes off at the gas station in front of us as a car backfires .
tr	PRES	With the new hairstyle and the makeup , this dress brings out the green in your eyes . "
tr	PAST	The thought of Dario 's smile still teased the butterflies in her stomach .
tr	PRES	She suffers so . "
tr	PRES	" And what about you , Annie ?
tr	PRES	" By getting food I assume you mean sandwiches and soup , and not a meaty femur ? "
tr	PAST	The people quieted but didn 't quit moving , fighting against the guards as Ravenna twisted , showing her throat slashed bloody and wide .
tr	PAST	She risked a quick look around as Jason staggered inside cradling his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Something rumbled gently beneath my feet and the whole contraption rose as if something inflated beneath us .
tr	PAST	I withdrew from college , took over the paper , and helped Mom raise my brothers .
tr	PRES	White teeth stark in contrast .
tr	PRES	Charlie 's face shone brightly .
tr	PRES	I though it might snap before I landed what was on the other end .
tr	PAST	A billboard advertised gifts , food , and special candies to tempt the traveler .
tr	PRES	One of the soldiers aboard points to an open seat .
tr	PRES	She winks and lightly blows on her nails again .
tr	PAST	The nature of the labyrinth , I scribbled into my spiral notebook , and the way out of it .
tr	PAST	Al the guys cheered .
tr	PRES	" The Four ! "
tr	PAST	The Archive regarded me with neutral eyes and said , " Let 's go .
tr	PAST	Locke cringed and looked away .
tr	PRES	" You did this , " I whimper .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat and stares at the toes of her boots .
tr	PRES	' ' Well , it helps me escape from this world temporarily .
tr	PAST	Cyrus attended the funeral and insisted on going to the graveside service as well .
tr	PRES	" We must , " I mutter as more demons bear down on us , snarling , spitting , claws and fangs at full stretch .
tr	PRES	" Bruce , " I shout .
tr	PRES	" It accumulated . "
tr	PAST	Breedlove tugged at Salvatore 's coat and led him away .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Though she believed this , in her eyes there still lingered some doubts .
tr	PAST	A pair of his pants proved tight , but would do .
tr	PAST	Its massive arms and tail exploded the desks in splinters of wood and sent the chairs flying .
tr	PAST	He grunted and unclipped a large carabiner from the last ladder rung , then snapped the clip over the chrome buckle on Colton 's new belt .
tr	PRES	It bothers me that he knows me well enough to know I was evaluating that very thing .
tr	PRES	" Goodnight , Brax , " she whispers as I pull my hand away from her cheek .
tr	PRES	" This belongs to you . "
tr	PAST	Pearl exclaimed , staring up at the castle .
tr	PAST	Paris chimed in , grinning like he ingested some happy pills or something .
tr	PRES	Anna whipped her head around to check the front door .
tr	PAST	Coop named the one person she hadn 't been able to push from her mind .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and tries to make his voice sound playful and upbeat , but the sadness in his eyes gives away his true emotion .
tr	PAST	When the overhead light sparked and burst into fragments , she shrieked in the sudden blackness .
tr	PRES	Crawley begins to usher everyone out the side door when Sarah sees that Messick has almost finished packing up and is about to leave as well .
tr	PAST	Leaving that bottle there cost you your life . "
tr	PRES	" He misses you . "
tr	PRES	I lean against the porch and inhale .
tr	PRES	" You need a bath , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I padded quietly through the house in nothing but my boxers , thinking that my life had taken a very strange turn .
tr	PAST	The paper crumpled in Jenny 's clenched fist as she turned .
tr	PAST	He pondered the threat for another few paces before saying , " Are there bats down here ? "
tr	PAST	Perry inhaled , searching for traces of the riders who 'd been spotted earlier .
tr	PRES	She lets out a contented sigh when she turns the key and the car roars to life .
tr	PAST	Instead he 'd used her to give them hope , then cruelly shattered it .
tr	PRES	" Maybe Sarah is in Portland , " Kiara mumbled .
tr	PRES	Or they assume that because of the horrible things that they 've done that God doesn 't want them .
tr	PRES	She lays her head over my bare flesh and sighs .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Shakespeare .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the heater while she stared at Malcolm 's picture .
tr	PAST	He flicked his tongue repeatedly over her clit .
tr	PAST	Somewhere nearby a bee droned .
tr	PRES	It shone off you like an aura .
tr	PAST	Haven cringed from the question , not expecting it .
tr	PAST	He saluted and turned toward the door .
tr	PAST	When she left , Alexandra clutched at the back of a chair for support and slowly turned to Anthony , who was grinning at the closed door .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Price advanced toward Kendra .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes , when I 'm slow to catch on , it helps if I do it over and over until I get it right . "
tr	PAST	Barely aware of what he did , Gideon slowed and regarded the large house .
tr	PAST	Holding out a hand , Ashe Pulled another dart to him and misted it inside the cabinet before withdrawing .
tr	PRES	" Sophie , David uses people .
tr	PAST	Tavi barely trusted himself to speak .
tr	PAST	Just as he chose his women with their eyes wide open , he preferred his partners with more experience .
tr	PAST	Charlotte eyed the scarf , intrigued .
tr	PRES	That playful grin creeps up on her face again and I know exactly what she means .
tr	PAST	As we rounded the last corner , I pinched his arm and nudged him to the left .
tr	PAST	The parchment exploded . "
tr	PRES	I feed them and put them back to bed , leaving Martin and Suzanne a note before calling Jackson .
tr	PRES	My energy causes that you go out of your natural balance and you could explode .
tr	PRES	Haymitch holds up the notepad .
tr	PAST	Marsha patiently weaved through the crowd .
tr	PAST	' What the fuck , Emma ? '
tr	PAST	The cover article featured faux window treatments for subsurface apartments .
tr	PRES	" You have to wait too , " she teased , before her laugh infected them both .
tr	PAST	" Go ahead and tell the stranger everything about us , " Brat hollered .
tr	PAST	He froze , mute , and his hands shook .
tr	PRES	" The pirates ? "
tr	PRES	" And he loves me . "
tr	PRES	" Sun 's up , " I observe , grabbing the knife as I slide to the side of the bed .
tr	PRES	" Sure sweetie . "
tr	PRES	" My heart bleeds for you . "
tr	PRES	His head pops up beside my own , and even though I know he 's there , it makes me jump .
tr	PRES	Turns out that he 's a bit of a sex fiend . "
tr	PAST	One of my eyes reflected bright blue in the fog .
tr	PRES	My heart begins to race at the sight of her long , slender torso , bruises and all .
tr	PRES	She carries her laptop all the time and helps anyone get any information about anything under the Sun .
tr	PAST	Saying that to myself reassured me why I had come all this way for .
tr	PRES	He returns to Suffolk and the small country side town of Stowmarket , in which he grew up .
tr	PAST	We zipped in and out of the take-out lane faster than the proverbial speeding bullet .
tr	PRES	The idea of having to walk through those doors without her terrifies me .
tr	PRES	Suddenly his screens crackle with static and his gunship begins to shake .
tr	PAST	She even lent me her name when it came time to give birth .
tr	PRES	Around her neck was a necklace of a single piece of jet set in a gold surround , and she had similar jet earrings in her ears .
tr	PAST	AI highlighted the names of the two she sought to identify .
tr	PAST	They pierced me , and I didn 't flinch .
tr	PAST	Confused , he sensed that something was wrong , terribly wrong .
tr	PRES	" For what precisely ? "
tr	PRES	" A latte ? "
tr	PAST	The boat ahead slowed and cut between two islands .
tr	PRES	A demon bounds through the window .
tr	PAST	" Be very careful , Matthew " she advised him pointlessly .
tr	PRES	He likes you and he 's not taken .
tr	PAST	I know you want to watch something macho like American Chopper or LA Ink , " I joked .
tr	PRES	He returns to his original position and snaps both his fingers twice .
tr	PRES	" What goods ? "
tr	PRES	Like the strings these connections strengthen us and make us harder to break .
tr	PRES	They belong to the U.S. Army which belongs to the U.S. Government which is not you , sir ! "
tr	PAST	She did the same with her phone , then readied to meet Wilton .
tr	PRES	The thumb of my left hand pushes against the sweating palm of my right .
tr	PRES	Keys jingling with her brisk walk , Kathleen wove between lines of cars .
tr	PAST	Summery high heels transformed her reflection provided she held her stomach in . '
tr	PRES	They hauled Asphalt out by his boots and brought him round by pounding him repeatedly .
tr	PRES	" Six geese a laying !
tr	PAST	In America , petty issues bothered Kane .
tr	PAST	If this was an older wreck Trapper doubted Corsair would have dared to come investigate the wreck .
tr	PRES	I chuckle on my way over to the old cedar chest that 's serving as a table and begin tidying the stack of blankets .
tr	PAST	Lines of plastic black grapes adorned the wall .
tr	PRES	Everything falls into place .
tr	PAST	In halting steps , Megan shuffled to the railing , gripping the warm tubular steel with both hands for support .
tr	PAST	He sniffed at the wind .
tr	PRES	His fingers tap , tap , tap the glass as he gathers himself , tries to push through .
tr	PAST	The Minister droned on and on .
tr	PRES	" A broom closet ? "
tr	PRES	From his entirely black eyes to the black veins standing starkly out in his face .
tr	PAST	A growling rumble echoed across the room , the sound of Kate 's stomach reflected back towards them .
tr	PAST	Just as he was about to hit her , she created a floor of ice underneath them .
tr	PRES	" Just pisses me off .
tr	PRES	Bart mumbled before coming wide awake to find himself staring directly into the big blue eyes of Sally herself .
tr	PAST	But his body stiffened all over again and he had to work to calm down .
tr	PRES	" Dear , whatever your choice is , fulfill it .
tr	PRES	Cohen suddenly dropped his fork against the side of his plate , the clinking sound startling me .
tr	PAST	She slapped the door .
tr	PRES	' Was being adored nice , Pol ? '
tr	PAST	After rinsing and swirling and pouring twice more , he dumped in enough laundry detergent to cover the bottom of the glass .
tr	PAST	Before he could stop her , she sped off , heading in Rick 's direction .
tr	PAST	Seth froze , having to convince himself that he couldn 't stay here with her .
tr	PRES	Of course the first word that enters my head is going to be your name . "
tr	PAST	She divided it into two sections and started braiding the length of it .
tr	PRES	" Ah fuck . "
tr	PAST	They eyed him but didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	In the darkness of the hall , Iona indulged herself touching this incredible man .
tr	PRES	He flicks the needle , his fingers shaking with age .
tr	PAST	The uniforms crawled all over me .
tr	PAST	His bushy white eyebrows topped the rim of his glasses like caterpillars .
tr	PRES	But I assume it could not have come from much further , due to the length of the journey . "
tr	PAST	On the shoulder across the highway from the store , he coasted the cop car to a stop with the headlights off and cut the engine .
tr	PRES	Lila opens her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Pol ? "
tr	PRES	" Heath never pays any attention to my friends .
tr	PAST	His gloomy eyes brightened instantly .
tr	PAST	She flicked her hands and from the ground came an hourglass .
tr	PRES	" Mother swears by that remedy . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Natalie rasped .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , she trusts me . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you to my chamber ? "
tr	PAST	Even through the backseat window , I sensed the difference between this city and New York .
tr	PRES	With pictures and reports , in and from city and town squares there : ' The World as All ? '
tr	PAST	Vivienne eyed me warily at that breakfast table and I couldn 't help but feel as if she was measuring my worth .
tr	PRES	We 've got a wedding to plan , babe , " Jon explains , finishing with a wink .
tr	PAST	Instead , she pierced the flesh , sucking her nanny of blood via the wrist , slurping it down like a baby would milk .
tr	PRES	It 's almost dawn , " he explains .
tr	PAST	He urged her hips into the rhythm of his .
tr	PRES	" It doesn 't matter which side you 're on , it changes you forever .
tr	PRES	Most wounds vanish in less than twenty-four hours . "
tr	PAST	Instead of fighting him , Eleanor subsided after one " Really , Hart . "
tr	PAST	Nothing tangible enough to phrase into words , but something .
tr	PRES	" Now , punk , " he begins , using my childhood pet name , the one that always turns me to putty in his hands .
tr	PRES	Grief presses down on my chest .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to get in and I tried to think of my options .
tr	PRES	It offers the best and coincidentally the most expensive accommodation of all the hotels on this island .
tr	PRES	He lays them down in front of Arlene .
tr	PRES	I yell as I imagine her blowing up everything in sight .
tr	PRES	And their jobs . "
tr	PAST	" We can always count on Scar , " Much defended .
tr	PRES	My laughter stops , and my cheeks redden .
tr	PAST	Maddox stripped her and kissed her stomach , where she 'd been stabbed .
tr	PRES	" The one you have can bring you very bad happenings if you had it burning for any length of time . "
tr	PRES	" An invitation first . "
tr	PRES	The blanket falls off my shoulders , and my hat , too , loosened by the wind .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble as I walk .
tr	PAST	He was a great kisser and the way he caressed my upper arm with the tips of his fingers was nice .
tr	PRES	Chapter Nine Techno music pounds on my ear drums the moment the entrance doors open .
tr	PRES	On four legs , he padded toward me .
tr	PRES	" Why so many patrols ? "
tr	PAST	Michael 's colour deepened .
tr	PRES	Oh snap ... Ren glanced up as another shadow approached him .
tr	PRES	My teeth crack against each other .
tr	PAST	" Tyrant , " he accused with a charming smile .
tr	PAST	Andrea twirled the pen between her fingers .
tr	PRES	While he 's here , we revert to normal and have a bit of a giggle on the computer .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver .
tr	PAST	He regarded her with hopeful eyes , as did most of the others .
tr	PRES	I tip my head back and take in the vast sky , closing my eyes to absorb the sun 's rays that kiss my skin .
tr	PAST	I charged it just as easily as I had when I severed the strap from Annalise 's bed , and pointed it at him .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha , very funny .
tr	PAST	He recruited me from university before I even graduated .
tr	PRES	He pushes his hair , soaked from the snow , out of his eyes .
tr	PAST	And that uniform even provided a nice cover for any injuries he might sustain .
tr	PAST	Destiny fisted her hands in his hair and tugged hard , but his mouth pulled strongly at her neck .
tr	PRES	Before I can say anything , Sean flips me over , yanks down the back of my pants and spanks me three times .
tr	PAST	He scrutinized her again so her toes curled into the soft carpet .
tr	PAST	She crouched on the ground , her silk dress getting dirty from the mud at their feet , and snarled as she bared her teeth .
tr	PRES	Mallory likes me so much she won 't leave alone .
tr	PRES	Damien stands and heads for the door , leaving Zeke behind .
tr	PAST	Sawyer eyed me on the couch and looked torn as to whether or not she should join me .
tr	PAST	She required the care of a physician immediately .
tr	PAST	Mahogany floors of deep red hues blended wonderfully with faded walls painted the color of cinnamon .
tr	PAST	He grunted softly , certain that he would never feel better again .
tr	PRES	" A crazy part of me almost wishes the weeds got me . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew his flesh from hers and grasped her about the waist , lifting her from behind and dumping her on her back on the bed .
tr	PAST	Iris conjured an icicle missile and quickly sent it speeding toward the enemy .
tr	PRES	" Well -- " Saved by the horn or rather the crowd .
tr	PRES	" Three whole weeks Jonathan ?
tr	PRES	An abandoned air duct .
tr	PAST	His stomach churned at the thought of losing her .
tr	PRES	" Then who will bake , Grandpa ? "
tr	PRES	" So I assume it went well ? "
tr	PAST	Donavan tipped back his chair , spinning his signature fedora on one finger .
tr	PRES	Elis holds the creature back with both his arms and turns his head in my direction .
tr	PRES	I assume they must have been here to reveal the power you and Andrew have on this plane together .
tr	PAST	It bothered him that I could be with someone else .
tr	PRES	Enforcers often hunted down new changelings avidly , for they were easy prey .
tr	PAST	The proposal on the beach , Hank on one knee , even the celebration twirl and kiss .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Cooper ? "
tr	PRES	She draws in several quick breaths .
tr	PRES	Lifting her phone once again , she texted the message , " Tonight ? "
tr	PRES	" What about our families ? "
tr	PRES	A single flame rises from the center of the table .
tr	PAST	Picking up a tart , he munched on it .
tr	PAST	He sensed the stars engulfed in loneliness .
tr	PRES	Ry throws his cell in the air and catches it .
tr	PRES	But then , surprising me , she finally releases a deafening breath and the sound of her voice sends a rush of relief through me .
tr	PAST	Her fingers faltered in their task , and she nearly snipped off her fingertip .
tr	PRES	I smack her back towards him .
tr	PAST	At the base , white wormy roots wriggled inside and began traveling up the door toward the knob .
tr	PRES	At the hospital , I discover things are worse than I thought .
tr	PRES	A bed and a good meal await us there . "
tr	PAST	She dialed into her voicemail , her hand trembling as it held the phone up to her ear .
tr	PRES	" Our identity ? "
tr	PRES	He chuckles at his stupid rhyme .
tr	PAST	Too bad , " he uttered in dry disgust .
tr	PRES	I recall it 's narrow but the traffic is slow enough they can usually work around us well enough .
tr	PRES	' And mark my words , such people exist ; people very much like us , but who have taken their gift and chosen to misuse it .
tr	PAST	Catcher grunted his agreement .
tr	PRES	Finally , Mavis brings news of Quinn , who has yet to take a position at his father 's bank .
tr	PRES	" I believe it 's your fault if we don 't know anything , not ours , " Peter points out .
tr	PRES	" Good to see you , Alcide .
tr	PAST	Me , I 'd take the turkey loads , " he advised .
tr	PRES	" That accent of yours .
tr	PAST	She circled her belly with both hands .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone in the darkness .
tr	PAST	* * * She dreamed of him constantly .
tr	PRES	" Help me get out , " she begged .
tr	PRES	Joe braced himself on his arms above her , his face savage as he brought his hips back to hers .
tr	PAST	Molly yawned and laid her head on his shoulder , " I forgot . "
tr	PAST	And yes , it unsettled her to the roots of her hair how totally it spread to every niche of her being .
tr	PAST	He prayed his advocacy would be enough to spare the Mark 's soul .
tr	PRES	Realm offers me a pretzel , but I shake my head .
tr	PAST	I swiped a couple of nice plates and serving dishes .
tr	PRES	As she walks , Mel passes the turkey carcass and takes the carving knife .
tr	PAST	the woman exclaimed , as a sudden outburst of sound and light erupted from the candle .
tr	PRES	" The alley . "
tr	PRES	Utilizing every ounce of his strength , Rift throws a devastating hook , landing directly upon the armor 's vulnerable spot .
tr	PAST	The mists hid the dark forest beyond , a forest full of strange sounds as the animals slowly awoke to greet the cool dawn .
tr	PRES	It coated the tree limbs and dusted the roadside .
tr	PAST	Charles slowed to a fast walk .
tr	PAST	" Forget this for now , " his fingertips glided over her cheek .
tr	PAST	They attended balls and assassinated outspoken revolutionaries .
tr	PAST	Outside , Agnes slapped Ted hard across the face .
tr	PRES	" W ... Wha ... " He attempted to speak , and his voice was a dead whisper .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " I shout after him .
tr	PAST	He worshipped the ground I walked on , which is flattering , but annoying because he 's always been like that since we was tiny .
tr	PAST	Her deeds , too , secured her position .
tr	PAST	" Well , then , can I braid his mane ?
tr	PRES	He chuckles , and then stretches over to grab the pad .
tr	PAST	From what he 'd overheard earlier , Madison 's mother claimed she didn 't know anything about that stuff .
tr	PAST	I sped the short distance back to my apartment .
tr	PAST	The two of them acted as if they had not gotten into a physical altercation just the day before ... as if they were almost friends .
tr	PAST	Cade hauled her limp form to the sea wall twice as fast as it had taken them to get out there .
tr	PAST	I visited him in the evening , and he made no signs of recognizing me or even noticing me .
tr	PRES	These vows bind for eternity , in this life and the next .
tr	PAST	I mashed my cheek to his , my hand outstretched .
tr	PRES	Silent , stealth , lethal .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , placing the wooden sword under his nose for a closer examination .
tr	PRES	" He some kinda scientist ? "
tr	PRES	A uniformed , smiling waiter stands beside Blake with a menu .
tr	PAST	Soon her screams quieted as her oxygen was cut off .
tr	PAST	I quit school but stuck around .
tr	PAST	Her husband , Harry , claimed to hate fruitcake , but it was an important aspect of Christmas for Sophie .
tr	PRES	He creeps me out . "
tr	PAST	She exclaimed and started back in unlocking the gap .
tr	PRES	My fingers twitch with the urge to grab her hand .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps like a jackrabbit .
tr	PRES	His hand poised to knock , he heard voices ; a man 's raised in anger , Jess sobbing .
tr	PRES	You don 't need it , " I add .
tr	PRES	It fits you perfectly . "
tr	PRES	" For not telling you about my past ... about Natalie . "
tr	PAST	But when I felt Cole 's gaze on me , I chanced a look up .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the sights .
tr	PRES	After a minute , she opens them again .
tr	PRES	I crack my knuckles against the table and then pop my neck .
tr	PAST	Hannah countered , turning back to the scarf .
tr	PRES	His head bent , the rough silk of his stubble grazing my cheek .
tr	PAST	He described it as his insurance , but never said what it was .
tr	PRES	" Who remembers the story about the Dogon people from Mali ? "
tr	PRES	The door falls shut behind me , and the temple is silent once again .
tr	PAST	That comment produced an involuntary smile .
tr	PRES	Come now , pretty lady , confess the truth !
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and brushes my hand .
tr	PRES	" How out-of-control ? "
tr	PAST	Pausing the game , Nate roamed the house .
tr	PAST	Grace 's frown revealed her disapproval .
tr	PAST	She scooted closer to him and dropped her head into his shoulder .
tr	PAST	He eyed me uncertain and I looked back at him .
tr	PRES	" Bobby brings up a good point . "
tr	PAST	" Good , " Alma exclaimed .
tr	PRES	through that window shine the stars of eternal night .
tr	PAST	Duncan elected to wait until the morning to plan the next action .
tr	PAST	She almost slapped herself upside the head .
tr	PAST	" The tidal wave washed nearly everything away . "
tr	PRES	He never talks of what might have been .
tr	PAST	I joked , but I wasn 't sure that she understood .
tr	PAST	She squinted through the door .
tr	PRES	' Mercy , Agnes !
tr	PRES	But trust your decision , and act wisely , Ken . "
tr	PAST	he cheered , her breast falling from his mouth and his wounded hand raised in the air .
tr	PRES	No one mentions the ghost of the groom .
tr	PAST	She weaved her way to The Embarcadero and headed east .
tr	PRES	This one causes even more emotions to resurface , because it 's a picture of both of us .
tr	PRES	He slides back onto the unmade bed and pulls me with him .
tr	PRES	You just said ... " " Hello !
tr	PAST	A wave of dizziness assaulted me , heavy and strangely seductive ... lulling me to the ground beside the woman .
tr	PRES	" Only if , ya do die , Dirk , " I leap the distance between us .
tr	PRES	He loves our baby so much , and she 's not even here yet .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the recorder until the red button blinked , and tried to reorient herself .
tr	PAST	The red light of the demon towers reflected in his eyes ; he looked like someone in a photograph taken with a flash .
tr	PRES	She fel right on top of her blood and Damon 's body .
tr	PAST	Ethel served him wine in his gold cup .
tr	PRES	She shudders as she blinks like crazy .
tr	PRES	I snuck my hands up to his shoulders , and I am ashamed to say I responded .
tr	PAST	The lady you served .
tr	PRES	he whispers , scattering tiny butterfly kisses all over my lips and cheeks .
tr	PAST	Her release coiled deep inside her , drawing her body into one fine point .
tr	PRES	I assume you have a family ? "
tr	PRES	Roland Powell comforted his wife and nodded his agreement to Adams .
tr	PRES	She sees her walking towards the ashram .
tr	PAST	His voice bounced off the walls , seeming extra loud .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to kick the door down , but when he did , we all saw something we never expected .
tr	PAST	I pondered calling someone else into the fight to make it more interesting .
tr	PRES	* * * The woman at the registration desk handed him a name badge on a lanyard that he was supposed to wear around his neck .
tr	PRES	" But Cathy ! "
tr	PRES	The closer we come to the Column , the less structural damage we find , until we finally emerge into the center of the tower .
tr	PAST	The room exploded around her and swirled away as if it were being sucked into a black hole .
tr	PRES	Indignation fills me like fizz in a shaken bottle of soda .
tr	PAST	He dove for Sean , apparently intending to grapple with Sean until Judith could get clear .
tr	PAST	I preferred to let the question hang there , unanswered .
tr	PAST	She ruined her life the day she crossed my path .
tr	PAST	The elevator jolted to a stop .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyelids but she couldn 't even say why .
tr	PRES	My brow arches severely .
tr	PAST	He limply placed his arms extended out in front of himself and awaited his grandfathers response .
tr	PAST	The scream of some unfortunate creature pierced the air , and then silence .
tr	PAST	It coiled as misery and loss in the pit of my stomach and erupted as anguish from my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Don 't be hard on yourself , " Emma whispers as she wipes away her tears with the short sleeve of her dress .
tr	PAST	Pushing up for the chair , I limped out of the office after telling them I was heading back to my room .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " Archer urged .
tr	PRES	And when Oliver is unhappy , he tends to be rather childish about lashing out .
tr	PAST	Susan risked a look behind .
tr	PAST	Carruthers downed his tea , dregs and all , and led his boys back to the war effort .
tr	PRES	Blinking his eyes he signed , Peter tickle Amy .
tr	PRES	Monroe glances down at her fingers , his smile slipping .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered for both boxers .
tr	PRES	The woman sighs as if we 're asking her to do a hundred push-ups , or something equally insane .
tr	PAST	Her kick proved true , and the soldier immediately slipped , stumbling into his companion and crashing back to the slimy cobbles as he released Matisse .
tr	PRES	" My arse . "
tr	PAST	He squinted at the chair , his eye watering with effort .
tr	PRES	However , as his stroke descends , he glances up at Daenerys and falls desperately in love .
tr	PAST	Who sprouted fur when he wanted to challenge someone and just as easily lifted his arms for a hug .
tr	PRES	He reaches the top of the staircase , and collapses atop of Eli 's remains .
tr	PAST	The dirty asphalt pavement vibrated under the steady hum of an acre of diesel engines .
tr	PAST	When Colette suggested they try this out , Alix had scoffed .
tr	PAST	They trusted Leppard despite his gruff demeanour and they all liked him .
tr	PAST	Sofia gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	When he was done the units reunited and explained what had happened to each other .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth tensed , her heart stopping before quickening its pace .
tr	PAST	He phoned me right afterward . "
tr	PRES	When she finishes pouring , she reaches for my belt buckle .
tr	PRES	" Warn the others , " I mutter to Constance .
tr	PAST	After all , he roamed the seas around Britain and France ; ninjas belonged in the straits of Japan , halfway round the world .
tr	PAST	" I was in the ocean next to a very large shark , " Aiden countered .
tr	PRES	He opens the door of the basement and staggers outside , leaving it cracked behind him .
tr	PAST	He tugged hard , eliciting a growl of warning from Ronan .
tr	PAST	Zane gritted his teeth and slammed his palm against the wall .
tr	PRES	" You beating Tommy ? "
tr	PRES	" Let 's go , boys , " Big D mutters , coughing .
tr	PRES	The leader glances away from Jael to regard me with puzzlement .
tr	PRES	Jett mumbled underneath his breath .
tr	PAST	White mists swirled , but the voices were gone .
tr	PRES	" That belongs to me ? "
tr	PRES	" They -- they manipulate !
tr	PAST	an electronic voice rasped .
tr	PAST	She excitedly awaited the birth .
tr	PRES	She reaches out and buttons the top two buttons of my shirt .
tr	PRES	" Ye take yer duties seriously , I ken .
tr	PRES	The cement digs through the back of my pants but I don 't care .
tr	PRES	" Dammit , Katy ... " I spun around in my seat , reaching for the door handle with my free hand .
tr	PRES	Alec glances at me through his peripheral vision every once in a while .
tr	PAST	I jabbed at the punching bag before letting out a frustrated scream .
tr	PRES	Still , I fold my arms across my chest protectively , feeling its beady little eyes sizing me up .
tr	PRES	She points to the ceiling .
tr	PAST	Skull shrieked in frustration .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	Sometimes Marius wishes he had those things . "
tr	PAST	The driver attempted no small talk and when they pulled up outside the off license K paid exact fare .
tr	PRES	" Glad to finally see your eyes open , " she murmurs .
tr	PRES	Hal was staggering forward , his breath ragged and explosive .
tr	PAST	She exited the bathroom and stopped at the register .
tr	PRES	Dana points to their shirts .
tr	PAST	she inquired , repeating his words as he raised his head .
tr	PAST	When he did , everything slowed down .
tr	PRES	And because of that , I let her help me up , my legs unsteady beneath me .
tr	PAST	We stood in the freezing air as the afternoon turned overcast , a light snow dusted the earth .
tr	PAST	I crawled in , exactly where he laid his head the night before .
tr	PRES	His head falls into his hands .
tr	PAST	His shrunken form then disintegrated in to tiny specks of blue stardust that at once flew off towards the firmament .
tr	PRES	But he wears it with pride , knotting the strips of cloth around himself .
tr	PRES	Can we ... " He stops as the woman and man enter with equipment .
tr	PRES	Stretching his wings he sees Warrior , still in a spin but slowly working herself back into control .
tr	PAST	But such an action required more concentration than I was willing to devote at the moment .
tr	PAST	She accused him because she can 't imagine a world where he wouldn 't do something like that . "
tr	PRES	" But it changes how others react to him .
tr	PRES	My gaze slides to the opened condom wrapper on the nightstand and I feel relief wash through me .
tr	PAST	For a moment the world froze .
tr	PAST	" I 'm taking the Gucci , Mom , " announced Stephanie , pointing at a pink sweater with the popular label embossed on its front .
tr	PAST	Please , don 't be so cruel , " she sobbed as she reached for him .
tr	PAST	A veiny black ball , covered in pus and bile , spewed out of the slit in his stomach .
tr	PRES	" But what if ... what if they don 't approve ? "
tr	PAST	Secretary of Defense Maynard produced a cigar from his breast pocket and held it out .
tr	PAST	" Deep breath in , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	Nora glances at me .
tr	PRES	Robbie helps Mr. Cameron out of the lawn chair , but once up , Mr. Cameron seems to be doing okay on his own .
tr	PAST	" Right this way , monsieur , " their designated waiter instructed obediently .
tr	PRES	Startled by her sudden movement , the kitten fel from the ledge .
tr	PRES	Moonlight shone on ancient stone seats and the rectangular trench where his friend Heinrich had received the blow that had killed him .
tr	PAST	I dared not hold it for fear of hurting her .
tr	PAST	The wind churned through the trees , the sound of it chillingly unnatural .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you . "
tr	PRES	" That 's my line , " I teased .
tr	PAST	The leopard yawned and rested in the sand at my feet , slumped in peaceful sleep in seconds .
tr	PRES	Deep , deep , cleansing breaths .
tr	PRES	" Chicken , " he teased .
tr	PRES	" You stalked me . "
tr	PRES	She stands tall and puts her regal nose in the air .
tr	PAST	The sight of that dumped file put a strange knot in her throat .
tr	PRES	She exhales and fakes a smile .
tr	PAST	The two groups will leave in the morning , " Monty stated .
tr	PAST	The usher at the door assured me of their very great importance , after all , I required people with the necessary authority .
tr	PRES	" She hates that I interfered with her life .
tr	PRES	Ashley pushes me so I have to catch myself from falling face first into the white sand .
tr	PAST	The riders who had been shot abandoned the horses just as Sage had hoped .
tr	PRES	It allows patients more privacy when they arrive for appointments . "
tr	PAST	" Jennifer sees them , " Amber giggled and bobbed her head with its blond pony tail up and down enthusiastically .
tr	PAST	the guy named Steve asked .
tr	PAST	We exited the room and headed back down the flight of stairs .
tr	PRES	Aria stands quickly and yanks Maya to her feet .
tr	PRES	" Demons roam the earth .
tr	PRES	" My heart belongs here , too .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his nose against my hair , breathing in my scent .
tr	PRES	Only partway through my pastry and cardamom tea , and already a panicked man stands chattering to me about a monster !
tr	PRES	" Not until you compose yourself .
tr	PRES	" And a host . "
tr	PAST	' To make it more deadly , ' she stated dully , confirming my suspicion .
tr	PAST	The words bounced inside his head trying to pull some logic from them .
tr	PAST	Edward tipped back his head and laughed .
tr	PRES	Drew opens his locker to check his reflection in the little mirror he has hanging inside .
tr	PAST	" Let 's go visit your grandmother , " Viktor dared .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 13 Sean presses his lips to the side of my face , covering me in little kisses .
tr	PAST	He propped his elbows on the podium and motioned for Chase to begin .
tr	PRES	She stands all of a sudden .
tr	PRES	Whatever helps you sleep at night .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked to mine and the corners of her mouth lifted in a brief smile .
tr	PAST	Goodness inquired with a look as innocent as freshly fallen snow .
tr	PAST	Vad 's body convulsed as he tried to escape , to no avail , and he continued his screams of agony .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't die , " he begged while tears streamed down his bloody face and splashed onto Cindy 's exposed stomach .
tr	PRES	It helps that this thing 's interface program actually works . "
tr	PAST	Ambrosia retreated back once Liz was released .
tr	PRES	She holds a spoon in the air as if she were frozen in time .
tr	PAST	Somehow , though , the look on Cam 's face never faltered .
tr	PAST	He reclined beside her and touched the silky hair with the tips of his fingers .
tr	PAST	He slapped the arm of his chair .
tr	PAST	I hopped down out of the Jeep and slammed the door .
tr	PRES	The Hindu tradition considers all things created worthy of worship , which means that religious activity in Hinduism takes many forms .
tr	PRES	Looking through the eye glass , she sees her father 's ship sailing toward the island .
tr	PRES	" Raising the dead brings up serious monkey 's paw issues , definitely .
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon . "
tr	PRES	He lets them fall on his tongue .
tr	PRES	" Knight mode . "
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled as I scrawled my name on the bright white sheet of paper .
tr	PAST	A nose sculpted from steel .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " I warn .
tr	PRES	" Says the man who is a terrorist .
tr	PRES	After all , everybody loves a wedding . "
tr	PRES	The words crash over me , heavy with meaning , filling my soul .
tr	PAST	The librarian clasped his bony hands to his chest and smiled .
tr	PAST	Jo replayed the entire appointment in her mind looking for signs that Aggie had been pushed to the edge but found none .
tr	PRES	Shiv stops and watches her laughing .
tr	PAST	The officer saluted me and was turning to withdraw , when I recognized his purpose , and insisted that he should come to my rooms .
tr	PAST	He prayed she was happy and that she knew he loved and missed her .
tr	PAST	We exited , the whole family together , after the end of the Saturday matinee G5 concert .
tr	PAST	His whole body writhed uncontrollably .
tr	PAST	And he just stares at you with all this lust every time you improv .
tr	PAST	She had ambushed him !
tr	PRES	What if he tries to kiss me ?
tr	PRES	They wove around a bunch of Girl Scouts skating in a clump and ogled the figure skaters who were doing complicated jumps in the center .
tr	PRES	She gazes at me intently .
tr	PRES	A.K.A. ... " - I closed my eyes - " the woman he loves . "
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat politely .
tr	PRES	" Tomorrow at noon , Ambrose .
tr	PRES	Her smile flashes in my memory and I suddenly find myself wanting to meet with her again , even though I shouldn 't .
tr	PAST	I yawned and rubbed my eyes .
tr	PAST	An unexpected feeling of shame washed over me , and I secretly hoped she couldn 't .
tr	PAST	Noel pecked Aria on the lips .
tr	PRES	She considers it with distaste .
tr	PRES	" In the fortress ? "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and sucked in air .
tr	PAST	He dismissed it and went in search of his sister .
tr	PAST	Her dark hair and pale pink gown -- early 1900s style -- floated around her willowy frame like smoke .
tr	PAST	I only prayed I 'd chosen timbers dry enough to burn swiftly all my hope lay in speed .
tr	PRES	Her chest rises and falls as her lips slightly part , her breath shallow as she glances at my mouth .
tr	PRES	And yet sadness too .
tr	PAST	He awoke just as the sun was rising .
tr	PRES	The asphalt digs into my back as I squirm under the car and start looking for something to tamper with .
tr	PRES	" Please , stop it , " I begged .
tr	PAST	" It 's hard to explain , Hank .
tr	PRES	She begins speaking , attempting to keep her anger under control .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , turning around .
tr	PAST	A huge , stony foot emerged from the hole , smashing down onto the ice .
tr	PAST	His warm breath tickled her cheek .
tr	PRES	He lets out a growl that tingles along my nerves .
tr	PRES	" Madre Mia ! "
tr	PRES	" Oh , if you please , mamma ! "
tr	PRES	' I wouldn 't rate your chances . '
tr	PAST	No one dared to speak or move an inch .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into mine with an intense expression as he handed me the phone .
tr	PRES	" And if you passed them to servants ? "
tr	PRES	The stars shone dimly , hidden by the tall trees and the brightness of the flame .
tr	PRES	" When there 's nothing here but hunger and dried up farms ? "
tr	PRES	As I turn around to face Cooper he reaches behind him and pulls his shirt over his head .
tr	PAST	Nerves and arousal mingled and fought for dominance .
tr	PAST	" How about sunset ? "
tr	PAST	He slowed and went around one of the long containers where he dropped Maya roughly onto the ground .
tr	PRES	" Everything 's fine , nephew Mao .
tr	PRES	" A lot of the guys cheat on their wives , Kitten .
tr	PAST	" You crawled into bed with me because - " At least six werewolves were on their motorcycles .
tr	PAST	He wept again and exited the room .
tr	PAST	" I panicked and called the police , but they didn 't find anything .
tr	PAST	Jake sensed that if Marika hadn 't grabbed him , he might have ended the same as the creature .
tr	PAST	Allen charged , " What are you talking about ? "
tr	PRES	He glances around him and raises his hand in the air , twirling it in all directions .
tr	PRES	He holds up a thick paper bag that is moving , just a little bit .
tr	PRES	He returns his attention to me .
tr	PRES	It brings a smile to Avery .
tr	PRES	She winks at me .
tr	PRES	Surely our ethical code and our obligations as Buddhists compel us to do something for this man ? "
tr	PAST	He eyed me evilly for good measure and then closed the door behind him .
tr	PAST	A hard knock lands directly into my mouth , tipping me backwards onto the grass .
tr	PRES	The floor creaks , and her eyes pop open .
tr	PRES	Maybe someday ... " Chet nodded .
tr	PAST	She drooled on it or something , and she broke it .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that we don 't want callers while Constance is talking to us .
tr	PAST	Distraught , out of his mind , but still able to sing magnificently , Otello produced an impressive dagger and gutted himself .
tr	PAST	She stifled a shriek as she was pulled around and found herself looking into the unmasked , enraged face of Lord Cameron Mackenzie .
tr	PRES	" We can 't kill you yet , " I add .
tr	PAST	" Are you saying I would have lied ? "
tr	PRES	This country lacks a power like the band of the fox has .
tr	PRES	I let out a frustrated sigh , " Auburn , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Hang on , baby doll .
tr	PRES	" Ten frames . "
tr	PRES	About the birthmark . "
tr	PAST	He shields me from most of the debris .
tr	PRES	Brandon points to me .
tr	PRES	A thick billow of grey smoke rises from the bus parking lot into the air as each and every bus explodes simultaneously .
tr	PAST	The black fog coalesced , swirling slowly , and then faster and faster , until it took on the vague shape of a person .
tr	PAST	He clutched the crucifix that hung around his neck .
tr	PAST	She battled feelings she 'd never encountered before .
tr	PAST	" The piping for the ventilation split up here a ways and we 'll just walk right in through it and say howdy . "
tr	PAST	When I finally had it in position I flicked on the light switch and looked into the hooded eyepiece .
tr	PRES	The wind begins to blow hard as clouds overshadow the courtyard .
tr	PAST	Lissa 's blue eyes twinkled with excitement .
tr	PAST	He scooted up behind her and trailed kisses over the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	" Don 't get up Jill , I untied your top to rub in the sunscreen and you 'll give the whole beach a good show . "
tr	PRES	He lets fly the arrow .
tr	PAST	Linda tugged on Josie 's arm .
tr	PAST	Elena wept just a little more .
tr	PRES	The green hills all barren .
tr	PRES	Nan hates creative writing .
tr	PRES	" You Mindy Park ? "
tr	PAST	They screeched and hollered at one another , tearing around the tree trunks that served as their jungle gym .
tr	PAST	They handcuffed Bash to the bed and posted an officer outside his door .
tr	PRES	The boy sees my glance and raises an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Dervish asks , smile fading .
tr	PAST	Its red leaves , on the verge of falling , dusted lightly with a recent blanket of snow .
tr	PRES	" Married friends , Pamela . "
tr	PAST	I thanked the profuse woman , walked three houses down , and knocked at the door .
tr	PAST	I padded down the stairs as softly as I could , found my sneakers and put them on .
tr	PRES	" That 's new , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Other voices mumbled and grumbled behind him , and I felt a warm body press up against my back .
tr	PAST	Now Rudy propped a board on an easel in front of the jury .
tr	PRES	he breathes in my ear as he grips my hips and slides inside me .
tr	PAST	A brutal cough stole his breath .
tr	PRES	The screeching noise stops and my breath rattles in my throat .
tr	PAST	As Rachel looked up into his eyes , a wide grin split her face , making Adriane look back with suspicion .
tr	PRES	" This train stops for no one . "
tr	PRES	She likes you , Cherry . "
tr	PRES	I recall there was a time when they would do anything to sate their blood lust .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through the springy hair , letting her get used to his touch .
tr	PAST	A grayish tint washed over Aden 's skin .
tr	PAST	These people treated him like one of their own ; it was the strangest thing .
tr	PRES	She lets her hands fall to her sides .
tr	PAST	The unicorn leaped nimbly aside , lashing out with its hooves .
tr	PRES	Why could I see what that man ... " She fades off .
tr	PAST	Loren preferred the detail oriented craftsman , although he wasn 't one himself , and rarely saw one darken his door .
tr	PRES	' Doctor Cooper . '
tr	PRES	And why dig in different directions ? "
tr	PRES	" We did fight at the Wilderness , back in May , " he supplies .
tr	PAST	Sam eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Clamping my mouth shut , I tensed my shoulders as I turned to the one person in this world who could get me to shut up .
tr	PRES	" We 'll see , Peaches .
tr	PRES	Bright light shone down from a rectangle in the ceiling , too high for him to reach .
tr	PRES	Something so unbearable , that it causes you to stop dead in your tracks and everything around you just ceases to exist .
tr	PAST	She dreamed of violence and anger and rage .
tr	PAST	I motioned for Owens to stop and pulled out my canteen .
tr	PRES	He simply disappears into the swamp and grows fat terrorizing the population while he waits for the hunter to go away . "
tr	PAST	It all created the effect of a TV series high-school cheerleader , squashed and malformed by the wrong viewing settings .
tr	PAST	He stole my computer and listened to the opera on repeat , transcribing every note to every part in a notebook he kept .
tr	PAST	" Dear God , please don 't let him suffer for this , for any of it , " Reuben prayed .
tr	PRES	The voices mutter beside me , " ... okay ... , " then the engines rumble .
tr	PRES	" But life and death spring from the same root .
tr	PAST	I sobbed and sobbed , collapsed against the side of the building , hugging my knees .
tr	PAST	Jane scribbled big X 's across all of her notes .
tr	PRES	Anthony shields himself by lifting his hands in front of his face .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth exhaled and walked toward him .
tr	PAST	He along with the villager cremated the priest and his daughter that same evening .
tr	PRES	She points to the screen in my lap , where the light still glows around my mother 's words .
tr	PRES	She likes Eve and Travis .
tr	PAST	He prayed , and his prayer was answered .
tr	PAST	Tami crouched , her eyes wide .
tr	PAST	I 'd been lied to in the past , lied to by men with sincere eyes and silver tongues .
tr	PAST	The secret training that he received from his time in service instinctively emerged enabling him to maintain an outside surveillance .
tr	PRES	" Shall I smack you harder ? "
tr	PRES	Who talks like this in real life ?
tr	PRES	" Is the whole rise of Cooper Industries based on lies ? "
tr	PRES	They physically connect you with the people .
tr	PAST	The scrawny stranger sought to free himself with kicks and punches .
tr	PAST	" Just trying to get it al straight in my head . "
tr	PRES	All of our magic wove together flashing and flickering , creating a dizzying display of flashing lights .
tr	PRES	He talks like he already runs us .
tr	PRES	" That girl he rescued , eh ?
tr	PRES	He smiled , a faint echo of his old savage smile .
tr	PRES	' Because I could hear drinking and what have you in the background , people ordering and whatnot . '
tr	PAST	He selected names from his memory as he waited for food to be brought up .
tr	PAST	When Daniel emerged out of the hole , Rachel motioned and called for everyone to rejoin the group .
tr	PAST	Tracy might have panicked a little bit , but she knew she could reel him back in .
tr	PAST	Some negotiated a later time to pay for their purchases to which the baba amicably agreed .
tr	PAST	Gil reappeared , swathed in snow , iron strong .
tr	PRES	" Just thoughts of you out running in the pasture , stepping in horse and cow manure .
tr	PAST	" He tipped Antonio Strong off as to Rose White 's location .
tr	PAST	My vision dimmed for a second , his figure swimming before my eyes .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted on the stool and tried to contain the impulse to get up and walk out the door , knowing it was what I should do .
tr	PAST	Dark haired and eyed , evidently Greek , a few years older than him .
tr	PRES	" Savannah Mills Savannah ? "
tr	PAST	He squinted hard , trying to fight the pain .
tr	PRES	" And his stealing from your firm ?
tr	PRES	Shelton reaches over the fence and lifts Adam under his arms , high up in the air and then quickly to the ground .
tr	PAST	Her lips flattened into a hard line , along with her resolve .
tr	PAST	The girls giggled again .
tr	PAST	Jack scribbled on a note pad .
tr	PAST	She downed the rest of the milk and said , " Ick . "
tr	PAST	They circled the driveway and passed the obsessively manicured topiaries and the glassy-eyed patients on the lawn .
tr	PRES	Godzilla reaches out with his long arm and grabs Steve by the back of his neck with his huge hand .
tr	PRES	I am crying , I wipe the tears away from my cheek .
tr	PRES	Out of everything I expected him to say , this truly throws me .
tr	PAST	It 's too much , " she sobbed as his fingers worked furiously and his tongue was relentless .
tr	PAST	" Told you he was a jerk , " she slurred .
tr	PRES	Lennox begins to walk again and his light shines bright .
tr	PRES	From somewhere in Mexico , Nikki 's voice filters over the line .
tr	PRES	The aura approaches slowly , causing my heart to race , and when it finally merges with me , my mind absorbs the power with a tingle .
tr	PAST	She pondered and then wrote .
tr	PAST	When he nods , I add , " Good .
tr	PRES	" Can 't a man relax here ? "
tr	PAST	The phone chimed a reply before she even set her phone down .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I said , cautious .
tr	PAST	Winnie thanked God from the bottom of her heart , and said she would pay much more attention to Him in future .
tr	PRES	He holds his bead on me until I pass through them .
tr	PRES	The grin left Joshua 's face and he stood up , fingers resting on the edge of the table .
tr	PAST	, " he uttered aloud as he surveyed the slashes and severe loss of blood .
tr	PRES	" He hates even thinking about it . "
tr	PRES	I lean my forehead briefly against the elevator wall , which feels cool against my skin , and inhale .
tr	PRES	" After you , Your Lordship . "
tr	PAST	After she helped him prepare a quick dinner , he proposed they watch a movie .
tr	PRES	We snuck down the stairs and saw a light flickering from under the kitchen door .
tr	PAST	He leaped onto an old stump , crossing his arms and cocking his head .
tr	PRES	" The Baked Alaska ? "
tr	PAST	And when you do eventually get your wings , you won 't know how to use them , " he joked .
tr	PAST	I trusted James , but I 'd trusted Ava , too .
tr	PRES	" Keith likes to do it , but he was out of town on business .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand out on the concrete between us and wraps his pinky around mine .
tr	PRES	I almost forgave her for jamming a needle in my head repeatedly .
tr	PRES	" Maybe he loves that house and doesn 't want to part with it . "
tr	PRES	The clock ticks down the final moments and he can no longer contain his fidgeting , probably anxious to speak with his mother .
tr	PAST	He claimed her mouth with an abandon that spoke of his intense need for her .
tr	PAST	Nicole stiffened with anger .
tr	PRES	Realm tries to laugh it away , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	" I named yours Greta . "
tr	PAST	When we got home I dumped my booty onto the carpet and started consuming .
tr	PRES	He cautiously removes himself from the room .
tr	PRES	He likes to play with them ... after . "
tr	PAST	It revealed the hideous scars of the coward 's brand , and Miles frowned severely at it .
tr	PRES	He pushes me and shouts , " Get down ! "
tr	PRES	It tastes the same way rice should taste like .
tr	PRES	' Of course he would , Pol .
tr	PAST	That solved our problems .
tr	PRES	So she lays down and stretches out on the pallet , facing the fire to keep warm .
tr	PAST	I shuffle in the dim light and find a thick iron door handle .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you !
tr	PRES	" One mine in the world produces a certain type of diamond and only once in a great while is one found .
tr	PRES	he mumbled into the receiver .
tr	PAST	They split , and a quiet figure walked through the center of them .
tr	PAST	She propped up on her elbow and smiled .
tr	PAST	" Well , you don 't have to tell her , " I reprimanded him , as they started climbing ahead .
tr	PRES	" It 's true , bro .
tr	PAST	Tessa clasped her hands in her lap .
tr	PAST	and the tires squealed in protest .
tr	PRES	Warner glances over , his eyes laughing .
tr	PRES	Grinder stops beating me to ask the question the crowd is wondering about .
tr	PRES	THE END Max Castillo returns in " Vendetta in Valencia , " available now !
tr	PAST	" Your turn to kick some dance ass on that field , Luce , " he hollered over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Branches slapped at her , cutting her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Charles toyed with the idea of an escape , but it was discarded .
tr	PAST	Her arms clung to him as his mouth sought hers once more .
tr	PRES	If only the dragon were ugly or somehow repulsive .
tr	PAST	The glittering challenge in his eyes spurred her into leaning over to privately mutter , ' You turned your back first , Ari . ' '
tr	PAST	" Carys Chase , " Nathan announced firmly .
tr	PAST	She quickly adjusted his arm , then moved onto to his broken thumb and wrist .
tr	PAST	Zane gritted his teeth and gripped the edge of the table .
tr	PAST	They all donned facemasks and stepped toward the pit .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone as I glanced at him .
tr	PAST	The whip glowed the telltale shade of iridescent blue , but as long as the bartender didn 't raise Scott 's shirt , we 'd be safe .
tr	PRES	Her brow arches with speculation .
tr	PRES	Mikey stops talking and claps his hands loudly .
tr	PAST	" I 'll go tomorrow , Daddy , " Amelia piped up quickly .
tr	PRES	I just mumbled my understanding .
tr	PAST	As they eased their way around to the side of the building , she proved herself .
tr	PRES	One press of a button , the stake flips over and a silver blade comes out .
tr	PAST	I skipped past the other stories , feeling sick to my stomach as these two people disappeared from history .
tr	PAST	The girls munched French fries and spicy chicken sandwiches .
tr	PRES	" They know the situation better than we do , " Jase points out .
tr	PAST	Sit , " he motioned to the seating area they used to meet with clients .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , sis .
tr	PAST	" Women , " He pretended to gripe , shaking his head , causing me to laugh with him .
tr	PAST	The smirk on his face unsettled her and made her want to challenge him .
tr	PAST	Now the flow of troops reversed and began to move upwards , and those of the Red were unable to challenge it .
tr	PAST	Lady Leisure 's face froze and a faint crack in her poise hinted her distain at the word dismissal , something Beth inwardly cheered at .
tr	PRES	" What if she hates me ? "
tr	PRES	" Will we , Rafe ? "
tr	PAST	Bed , " Nick grunted .
tr	PAST	" Works as a plan for me , " James " Shall we continue ? "
tr	PRES	" All wealth and all privilege flow from the King .
tr	PRES	Uncle of the General in Charge our beloved De Peacock supplies this wax from his hardware shop !
tr	PAST	Talking quickly , he outlined the rest of his plan .
tr	PAST	I smashed the bottle on the ground and picked up the largest shard of glass and held it tightly in my fist .
tr	PAST	Maybe they evolve theories , too .
tr	PRES	" Very , " she breathes out .
tr	PAST	Time around me slowed down and my thoughts sped up .
tr	PRES	" You 'll have to be quarantined , " he states eventually .
tr	PAST	It served as camouflage while a " sleeper " code inserted itself into the system and now awaits instructions . "
tr	PRES	The bagpipes wound down , their music fading away .
tr	PAST	The procession wordlessly circled Julian , whose eyes remained closed .
tr	PAST	Although the weekends away became more and more inconvenient , he thrived on the rush of the special assignments .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , you idiot !
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PAST	The idea of having a baby appealed , even though she hadn 't once thought about having children since learning the truth about her mother 's murder .
tr	PAST	She dreamed about Damien touching her , feeling her curves , her wide hips .
tr	PRES	Yet silence opens the doors to the voices -- the ones that remind , and admonish , and stab at my sanity with a knife .
tr	PAST	He was staring at her , his mouth cocked half open .
tr	PAST	" No idea , but I 'll keep you posted .
tr	PAST	Caleb crouched , squeezing his bulk into a fairly small package .
tr	PAST	Sandra fidgeted with her pocketbook .
tr	PAST	" Why don 't you start to clean yourself and then get some more rest , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	" No , " states Rhoda .
tr	PAST	He zipped his backpack and took my hand .
tr	PAST	He braced his arms against his sides and took a deep breath .
tr	PRES	My previous statement still stands . "
tr	PRES	" If it 's crazy , just tell me to stop , " he whispers teasingly , and moves closer .
tr	PRES	He slides into the car , and I look over him again .
tr	PAST	The oil burner again , shaking the floor .
tr	PAST	After the waitress delivered their food , Miranda shuffled her food nervously .
tr	PAST	I sensed her trying to talk me out of this .
tr	PAST	Traffic slowed him as he approached the raised highway .
tr	PAST	" And you named her Cuddles ?
tr	PRES	" Of course , but ... Noah and I are just friends , " she mumbled , and waved at the closest booth .
tr	PRES	Out here a smart man wears a hard face and conceals his wealth . "
tr	PRES	" Talking with you helps calm me .
tr	PAST	Then he dove back among the ranks of his men , ordering them to the attack as he quickly mounted his horse .
tr	PAST	Victor stiffened with a tension that Juliet did not need to be a mate to sense .
tr	PRES	" You 're not going crazy , Lydia .
tr	PRES	I drag a hand through my tangled hair .
tr	PAST	Helen announced herself to whoever answered the call and the gates opened .
tr	PRES	Seemingly in regret , she throws her arms around my neck , sobbing into my shoulder .
tr	PRES	They snuck under dozens of cameras , hopefully with no one paying careful attention to their feeds .
tr	PRES	" Hi mum , down in a minute , just going to the loo . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , we had just finished the last of the spans , " he reported with a gleam of pride .
tr	PAST	She sensed him seconds before he hooked his arms around her from behind , resting his chin on her shoulder .
tr	PRES	We estimate there are as many as eight hundreds . "
tr	PRES	I strain a smile in the darkness .
tr	PRES	He lays some cash on the counter .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to New York , Jack ? "
tr	PRES	He sighs , " Cat ... " But I 'm ready for him .
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved Miss Adler 's lips , but I observed weariness and shadow in her normally bright eyes .
tr	PAST	They required time , and lots of hard , personal work before any progress could be made .
tr	PRES	She wears her cat suit , without shoes .
tr	PRES	" Prisoners of war , or murderers - " " Surely not ! "
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " she mumbled with a furious blush and hurried back down the hall .
tr	PRES	Like dipping your finger in buckets of water ? "
tr	PAST	Though she cannot see through the dark she stares out anyway .
tr	PRES	" What the fudge ? "
tr	PAST	His father 's gaze wavered .
tr	PAST	Forte immediately smashed open the door and charged inside .
tr	PAST	12 My newfound " friend " dumped me off , bleeding and in pain right in the middle of the city on a busy street .
tr	PAST	We exited to a narrow street that evened out along shabby houses with chaotic yards and sagging , cluttered porches .
tr	PRES	Moving again , a breaking dawn begins to color the sky offering us hope that the children are slowing down in preparation for their conversion back .
tr	PRES	" Well , naturally , " the sword crowed , his voice swelling with pride .
tr	PRES	Charlotte flinched , a slight movement of her brows that he would have missed if he hadn 't been determinedly searching for it .
tr	PRES	The sun shone through the window brightly , giving the " Old New York " feel of the room a burst of energy .
tr	PAST	" Okay , we 're even , " Mac teased , kissing his tip quickly before rising up on her knees .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me ?
tr	PAST	He toasted her as he stared into those beautiful eyes that the camera caught .
tr	PAST	Elec froze , paralyzed by fear at the sheer enormity of the giant .
tr	PAST	Outright lied to him .
tr	PAST	Over by the mast , a movement and a glint of steel , she froze .
tr	PRES	" Four ram ships ... head your way ... Rex . "
tr	PRES	The Queen , by her grace , offers to you the honor of a combat of champions .
tr	PRES	" Gabe hates you .
tr	PAST	We visited the temples of Castor and of the divine Julius Caesar .
tr	PAST	I stepped back from her touch , hands fisted .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and smiled so brightly she could have done an advertisement for toothpaste .
tr	PRES	" Um ... " Thayer grins , perhaps knowing that he 's made me tongue-tied .
tr	PAST	So I lied to you when I brought you here . "
tr	PRES	On the other side of the gate , Mach stops and turns to me .
tr	PAST	But really they treated me well -- aside from the interrogation .
tr	PRES	The blood seeps over from the artery to the vein and . .
tr	PRES	Nicholas stares down at the mapping ball , glimmering in the light .
tr	PRES	" Because , silly boy , when the Comet slows the tail falls and the nose rises which means I can 't see a thing . "
tr	PRES	Gage pops up next to me , expanding his chest like a gorilla in heat .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not going , " I snap .
tr	PRES	Can 't you just swing over there and get it ? "
tr	PRES	That sometimes causes people to forget things they might tell a family member . "
tr	PRES	" I shouldn 't have done that , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	This island produces a lot of cotton and rice .
tr	PAST	I pretended ignorance , but was able to catch most of it .
tr	PAST	He strummed a few notes , biting the guitar pick between his teeth as he nodded to his own beat .
tr	PRES	Her fortitude when faced with the darker side of his world had ensnared him .
tr	PRES	She passes him another board , end out , careful not to hit him with it .
tr	PAST	The night revealed what in day could not be seen .
tr	PAST	I zeroed in on her thoughts .
tr	PAST	Then she chanced to spot a newspaper that one of the recently arrived sailors had left on a nearby bench .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up for quiet .
tr	PRES	" A derelict ? "
tr	PRES	Chapter Twelve Jemma She had never been on an airplane before , and Van Horn had taken seats in first class .
tr	PRES	Crewe glances over his shoulder and doesn 't attempt to hide the shaking of his head that follows .
tr	PAST	I silently thanked Rosetta for making me up for the evening , even if I did feel funny about the contrast in our clothing .
tr	PAST	The moment he was in reach , I swiped both swords over him , hitting him in the face and over the chest .
tr	PRES	Out here , Kane , Alma wishes to establish paradise .
tr	PRES	Nate followed , his eyes gleaming like the blade in his hand .
tr	PRES	I shout , grabbing him and pulling him after me .
tr	PAST	" Sounds like my kind of man , " she joked , setting aside the menu .
tr	PRES	A few seconds later , the results shone bright on her laptop screen .
tr	PAST	With his free hand , he caressed her waist , pulling her closer .
tr	PRES	With an angry look she pushes past him heading to the stadium .
tr	PAST	The first time the audience laughed the group on stage actually froze !
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in her lap .
tr	PRES	" For you , Mr. Ash .
tr	PRES	Cora chokes and laughs really hard .
tr	PRES	And the baron uses all the means he has to discredit and ridicule you in the meantime .
tr	PRES	But first fetch your father to me , boy . "
tr	PRES	" A file I was collecting .
tr	PRES	" And if I refuse to ... consummate ? "
tr	PRES	" I request I be permitted to withdraw from the case due to inadequate preparation and well , really just gross incompetence . "
tr	PAST	His mouth curved and she was reminded that she 'd always liked him .
tr	PRES	She holds her hand up to the light coming thought the bedroom window , which makes her ring sparkle .
tr	PRES	" Please forgive me ... heart 's dearest . "
tr	PRES	I hiss , as he peers out into the night .
tr	PAST	Maybe a little too loudly , as Mimi crumpled her brow .
tr	PAST	Then my bedroom window exploded from the expanding shockwave .
tr	PAST	Music floated through the open door of a night club down the street .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand , and I clasp it , feeling a little less apprehensive .
tr	PRES	Upon the initial grab , the pencil digs into Steve 's paper .
tr	PAST	" Three , " she reported .
tr	PAST	Once they walked a little bit away from the group , she cocked her head and asked , " What 's up ? "
tr	PRES	Everything falls into place .
tr	PAST	Then he quickly slowed the car down and pulled over .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	It whispers to me that everything will be okay .
tr	PRES	" Well , thank you , protector .
tr	PAST	The early morning call from Melissa extended her the reasons for it .
tr	PAST	Little green lights glowed in the dark .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , and it 's obvious the bastard is enjoying himself .
tr	PRES	He then sees the mayor standing in the wings holding a ribbon with a medal attached , obviously intended for him .
tr	PAST	The old couple split the contents of the bag and took turns setting them out on the pavement as they walked .
tr	PAST	Bruno grunted behind them , ruining the moment .
tr	PAST	I doubted Ethan would want me involving veteran CPD vice detectives in the investigation of our drug problem .
tr	PRES	" In the café . "
tr	PAST	I squinted at the screen .
tr	PAST	She begins to run , her hands outstretched .
tr	PAST	I stiffened at the mention of his name .
tr	PRES	But that fades from my mind when the crowd before me thins and I see the rest of the room .
tr	PAST	" I 'm trying , " I uttered .
tr	PAST	The sound of laughter bounced down the aisle , entering his ear and piercing his heart .
tr	PAST	The woman eyed Gabrielle strangely , as if she recognized her from somewhere and couldn 't quite place it .
tr	PRES	Food sustenance for weeks with no taste whatsoever .
tr	PRES	" Lie about other things , but no ' about this .
tr	PRES	The baby giggles and tries to bite off one of the demon master 's fingers .
tr	PRES	You 're not doing them any favors by getting in the way .
tr	PAST	Jenny collected her clothing from where it had been placed in one of the wooden crates , alongside the clothes of the other volunteers .
tr	PAST	The tall , lanky sailor slapped John on the back , and then leapt over the side of the crow 's nest .
tr	PAST	Deep down , I stifled the mindboggling pulse of familiarity that warmed in my chest .
tr	PAST	Conjure and Hairy emerged from below .
tr	PAST	Staring wide-eyed , unwilling to touch them , she volunteered , " One is Pa 's , Marshall .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think your ego needs any more help from me , " I mutter , and then wish I could take it back .
tr	PRES	Did you celebrate at all as a family ? "
tr	PAST	He eyed Dom and a similar look was exchanged .
tr	PAST	I lied , trying to hide my nervousness .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , grabbing for it .
tr	PAST	He respectfully quit the seminary , and sailed for France , ironically sailing back to France on the same fleet of ships that had just brought Marquette .
tr	PAST	His blue eyes glowed as they met mine , " You underestimate me . "
tr	PRES	" Were there fingerprints on the first match box found in Ms. Sheraton 's room ? "
tr	PRES	Back to that conversation , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He hooked his thumbs in his pants .
tr	PAST	Mike exhaled a long breath .
tr	PAST	Roberta grunted as she rose to her five foot two inches .
tr	PAST	He never treated me like some fragile flower soiled by the hands of the people who sold me into prostitution as a child .
tr	PAST	Gordon proceeded to lower his back legs , quickly coming within touching distance of the non flammable flower motif .
tr	PAST	I unzipped and opened the bag .
tr	PAST	And I very much doubted he was still at a business dinner with the Japanese businessmen .
tr	PRES	Something occurs to me , and I open one eye .
tr	PAST	Then they dismissed it , apparently unable to see it though its contrail shown silvery against the clear blue sky .
tr	PAST	Stephan and I clutched hands as we landed , grinning at each other .
tr	PAST	They acted like it was perfectly normal to just jump in my car and start talking to me like they knew me .
tr	PRES	She slides a key , the house key , off her key ring and holds it up .
tr	PRES	The Ringer stands next to me .
tr	PAST	" I 'll think about it , " Ashe yawned wide enough to crack a jaw .
tr	PAST	' Imelda , ' he uttered .
tr	PAST	No-one bothered them , although Maurice got a lot of interest .
tr	PAST	He sensed you were a good man , but I wouldn 't listen .
tr	PRES	" What about an afterlife ? "
tr	PRES	" Leave them , " A voice booms in her head , almost causing her to lose her balance and fall to the ground .
tr	PRES	He falls away from her , writhing in pain on the ground as the shadows slowly start to seep from the gaping hole in his chest .
tr	PAST	My eyes lingered there the longest .
tr	PRES	When he catches me looking , he reaches over to take one of his friend 's Dixie cups .
tr	PRES	" All those letters and pictures ... they 're lies . "
tr	PRES	If he 's a total gentleman or a klutz , you adapt your thought processes for a successful night .
tr	PRES	Alex clutches my hand and we follow her .
tr	PAST	Mia cringed , fairly certain she was the reason for Max 's sudden binge .
tr	PAST	The light swooped down .
tr	PRES	he mumbled to her .
tr	PAST	Eric silently stripped down .
tr	PRES	He stands in front of them , arms crossed , eyes trained on me , waiting for a fight .
tr	PRES	Realization dawns on her face .
tr	PRES	Coop wraps his arm around my waist .
tr	PRES	" Rest room , flying causes him to have a sick stomach . "
tr	PRES	Mach holds out one very white hand and motions for me to follow him .
tr	PRES	What about bedding ? "
tr	PAST	But he froze , finger coiled around the metal .
tr	PAST	Logan reappeared from the kitchen where he 'd vanished to minutes earlier to uncork a bottle of wine , and he began giving out filled glasses .
tr	PAST	The book glowed brighter in her hands .
tr	PRES	Frank stands and paces in the small room .
tr	PAST	He very much feared that , given more time , the two would be proposing for them soon .
tr	PRES	" Your Lordship ? "
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	That brings us to where we are today .
tr	PAST	We piled into the truck .
tr	PAST	The corners of his mouth curved in a half smile .
tr	PRES	Luke frowns at me and hangs up before coming to me .
tr	PRES	" The newspaper editor . "
tr	PRES	" He 's a confused boy , caught up in propaganda and stories of greatness he hears from others .
tr	PAST	" Other soldiers stole us blind before we 'd got to the Wilderness ... our watches , my belt buckle , my spurs .
tr	PRES	He falls and the mob runs right over him .
tr	PRES	For that matter , five years prior .
tr	PAST	Mariah sat beside the bed , the settee scooted close .
tr	PAST	Two thousand years ago I named the first Pope .
tr	PAST	She attempted to be cheerful .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " she countered .
tr	PRES	I lean against Bitty and take in Rebecca .
tr	PAST	" That 's exactly correct , Mrs. Beecham , " he lied .
tr	PRES	He tries to uplift my spirits while I try to relieve his physical pain .
tr	PAST	Rourke 's arm threaded around my waist , surprising me enough to jump .
tr	PAST	Chocolate , cherry and vanilla mingled on her tongue .
tr	PRES	He fold arms , " In the year 2066 , we 've ended awful wars , personal violence , and terminal sickness .
tr	PRES	" He betrayed us " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" For the project ? "
tr	PRES	Mystery All proceeds from sales of these novels benefit battered women 's shelters .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , they emerged in the lab and took their usual places on the exam tables .
tr	PAST	As I crossed over I looked along towards Portland , and tried to see if there were any soldiers posted as the fisherman had suspected .
tr	PRES	" And right now , " he guessed , " you especially detest me . "
tr	PRES	" He likes my hair .
tr	PRES	" Does it involve getting killed ?
tr	PAST	She squinted at him in disapproval .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , Don 't care .
tr	PAST	Ben 's smirk faltered .
tr	PAST	Gray also sensed that Painter wasn 't telling them everything ; that he was holding something close to the vest .
tr	PRES	" But she remembers how much it hurt .
tr	PRES	He offers me his elbow again , and we walk toward the action , stepping over thick cables criss-crossing the ground .
tr	PAST	Julia adjusted her clothing and gathered her thoughts .
tr	PAST	Jake slapped Howie on the shoulder .
tr	PRES	Ethan joins me , and West braces his arms as if I 'm going to fall .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened a little .
tr	PRES	Chapter 9 D ee watched Jacob lower the bottle , his lips still damp from the beer they 'd shared .
tr	PAST	I awoke to the sound of someone ringing in on the intercom .
tr	PRES	" You havin ' fun yet ? "
tr	PRES	She envisioned a hidden door from the third floor , a stone staircase leading down to a spot halfway between the vault and McCoy 's crypt .
tr	PAST	A closer look revealed the pale hint under his tan .
tr	PAST	She almost preferred the pain of his fists to the humiliation of her own traitorous body .
tr	PAST	" I would have sensed her .
tr	PRES	" Before the end comes , " Elizabeth whispers as she places her hand upon Emma 's head and gently runs it through her hair .
tr	PRES	" Heroic impulse ? "
tr	PRES	I collapsed back onto my pillow , gasping , my head spinning .
tr	PRES	" Good thing he didn 't borrow your handkerchief , " I snap .
tr	PAST	The urge to search through her memories tugged at him , but he resisted .
tr	PAST	He dreamed that he was in command of an army of giants which he directed with vigor and authority against the forces of evil .
tr	PRES	It fills my heart , cradles it , and protects it .
tr	PAST	A general nod indicating it was a good idea , toured the room .
tr	PRES	Given what we saw back in the caves that led to the mountain pass , those shapes , ghastly figures dancing about the mist .
tr	PAST	" How long have you been around Duffy , " Pierce inquired , his curiosity piqued by McDuff 's statement .
tr	PRES	Gordon beamed and awaited the terror .
tr	PRES	" I might marry you , " he allows .
tr	PRES	Her voice softens into sympathy , and she averts her eyes .
tr	PAST	Grant regarded him for a few seconds .
tr	PAST	" I 'll just bet you are , " I slapped the phone into his hand .
tr	PRES	" Only because I love you , Sasha .
tr	PAST	Sadness tugged at her belly and brought a familiar wave of longing .
tr	PRES	Sixteen trials so far , and Big Tobacco had won them all , but the pressure was mounting .
tr	PAST	Looking back at the list , he cringed .
tr	PAST	Brittany literally bounced with each word .
tr	PRES	He clutches at his chest like his heart is aching .
tr	PRES	He looked around , his face suddenly bleak . '
tr	PAST	All of the clamor and special treatment only served to remind Link why he moved so far south .
tr	PRES	" Word on the street is that you might make deadline , " he breathes out as his eyes linger near my chest .
tr	PRES	She dreaded seeing his eyes turn red .
tr	PAST	Buddy and Melanie collapsed in laughter .
tr	PAST	The raw , manly scent of him invaded her as she felt his muscles flex around her .
tr	PRES	Sean stands there , staring at me , lost in thought .
tr	PRES	He enters the car .
tr	PAST	Philip replaced the receiver and walked into Lara 's office .
tr	PRES	Turning around Kol sees Loki holding a dagger to Curios throat .
tr	PAST	The evidence piled against the sleeping girl .
tr	PRES	And suddenly , I kind of forgave him .
tr	PAST	Jake stuffed most of the sandwich in his mouth , but had to bite off a small part to make it fit .
tr	PAST	So precisely rendered and creative . "
tr	PRES	It rotated , that soul , its movements more controlled , less frenetic , than the others I 'd seen .
tr	PRES	" That son of a bitch is going to pay , sweetie .
tr	PAST	Seeing the look of suspicion on Frances 's face , she sought to explain herself .
tr	PRES	Instead , he stands in the center of his stall , utterly still , his ears pricked .
tr	PAST	Surprise , gratitude , and a host of unfamiliar emotions washed over me .
tr	PRES	It pays to know people .
tr	PAST	She organized them to maximize the extra hands , needing them so badly .
tr	PAST	He leaped from her .
tr	PRES	Just a lot of upkeep , another mouth to feed , wear and tear on the furniture ... in a word , fuss .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to stay where she was .
tr	PRES	Or perhaps they 'd really just disappeared in the kitchen and reappeared downstairs , a sinister little space fold .
tr	PAST	The cave plunged into complete darkness .
tr	PAST	What if she shrank from him in confusion ?
tr	PRES	" Your trial , of coarse . "
tr	PAST	The older man motioned to Droopy , who promptly closed the door leading out of the office .
tr	PAST	She withdrew , always a thin , cold pane of glass between us .
tr	PAST	Their compatriots , carrying Yves ' other baggage , abandoned the crates and the luggage and the shrouded figure and fled to their ship .
tr	PAST	I adjusted the focus .
tr	PRES	It only remains valid if you come in voluntarily . "
tr	PAST	I doubted William understood what he 'd come to mean to me over the last few weeks .
tr	PAST	After three months more Hennessey duly notified Feingold and Charney that he could no longer carry their account .
tr	PAST	He slapped Roger 's hand down .
tr	PRES	He helps me back to the bed and I begrudgingly sit down .
tr	PRES	A blood pact . "
tr	PRES	Even with that new-fangled thing that allows you to see the other person . "
tr	PRES	In the dark of the grove , their eyes shone silver like the mosaics of the temple roof .
tr	PAST	heavy footsteps stomped down the stairs , and Austin bit her bottom lip as a man came into view .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Kane .
tr	PRES	' But what for , Mama ? '
tr	PRES	She did not turn as a figure entered , his boots ringing loudly in the enclosed space , his breathing laboured .
tr	PRES	He likes to watch the iron get red hot and bend into whatever shape he tells it .
tr	PAST	My cheeks skipped hot and went straight to " on fire . "
tr	PRES	Each excruciatingly long moment peels away a layer of confidence .
tr	PAST	She giggled , evidently picking up that thought .
tr	PRES	She twirls it in between her thumb and forefinger , bringing it up to her nose .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mumbled as I flicked through the phone settings for a button that might revert the text back to " unread . "
tr	PAST	I protected - " " I am done with you !
tr	PAST	We emerged from the car , Max holding on to Lela by her cuffs and me gripping my fireplace poker .
tr	PRES	She points at me .
tr	PRES	He stops pinning my hair .
tr	PRES	" The bite either kills you ... or changes you . "
tr	PAST	From the black shirt and white Roman collar , Strang surmised the man had more of right to be in the church than him .
tr	PAST	He panicked , rushed out of bed , and ran to get his parents .
tr	PAST	" I am not , " she stated seriously .
tr	PRES	He throws another fireball and I get really frustrated and it turns on him .
tr	PAST	I tensed my muscles and clenched my teeth so hard that pain shot to my brain .
tr	PAST	Adam calculated his playing the entire time .
tr	PRES	Cassie took a deep breath , making herself meet Diana 's eyes again , her own eyes begging Diana to understand .
tr	PRES	Though his eyes were tormented , love also shone from them and that would have to be enough for now .
tr	PRES	" May I steal you for a dance ? "
tr	PRES	" The world belongs to them now , but we still possess something they don 't have . "
tr	PRES	He points to the needle .
tr	PAST	We worship Him because He is wise and good .
tr	PAST	Worse , not once had she cursed , lied or stolen .
tr	PRES	Jeremy storms from the room .
tr	PRES	She also brings them out if one of us wins a prize or a trophy for something .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up when you were younger .
tr	PAST	Hodge lied to me .
tr	PAST	I always prayed he 'd find it .
tr	PAST	" Of course , " I reassure her as Blythe leaves her place at the table .
tr	PAST	Elise regarded him with open admiration .
tr	PAST	Stella and Jamie had each abandoned their stacks of mail and were now following my lead , looking through the papers on the floor .
tr	PAST	Even Eve had to chuckle at the image Sarah painted .
tr	PRES	My palm glides down her side to her hips .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" They 're looking for you , " Sue mumbled through a bloody mouth .
tr	PRES	Heat crawls up my neck .
tr	PAST	" It 's only a seven-hour drive to Provo , Utah , " Delilah stated when they were finished with their research .
tr	PRES	" Hey Amaranth . "
tr	PAST	No argument prevailed against that .
tr	PAST	The petals tickled his cheeks .
tr	PAST	Zach proceeded to punch Jeremy in the arm , and put the gems in his pocket .
tr	PAST	" Such an argument as this achieves nothing , " he stated , biting back the next recrimination that sprang to his lips .
tr	PAST	Tull 's face , long , narrow and bony , glowed spectrally as the skin once again tightened across his skull .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of the future . "
tr	PRES	" That explains some of my visions .
tr	PAST	The Princess shrieked , ' Liar ' and plunged a dagger into her sister .
tr	PAST	A beat of terrible need , unanswered .
tr	PRES	Iron Sisters also badass at recycling !
tr	PAST	My head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	Pulling back , I risked a glance at Kellan .
tr	PAST	Juliette inhaled MaryAnn 's scent and watched the movements of her body closely .
tr	PRES	Across the shoulders , back , groin .
tr	PRES	' Oh , look at the fish , Mama ! '
tr	PAST	Hunted animals always shrieked at the shock of their capture .
tr	PAST	He yawned and stretched before he seemed to open his eyes .
tr	PRES	He likes to run . "
tr	PAST	A strange prickling sensation tickled the back of my neck .
tr	PAST	Murray perked up , picked up his fishing rod and stood back up .
tr	PRES	" Because he likes you a lot .
tr	PRES	Clark sighs , " You did .
tr	PRES	A wicked smile stretches across his lips .
tr	PRES	" For me - " I hesitate .
tr	PAST	Almost as if reaching tenderly for a lover 's face , she caressed the dry , dark patch .
tr	PAST	" We split up .
tr	PAST	Misery washed through her limbs , drowning her chest in it .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile the fight downstairs proceeded .
tr	PAST	Stay silent , Fila prayed , but he didn 't .
tr	PRES	It snaps back , hits my wrist , and sends a sting through my arm .
tr	PAST	He had never doubted the church .
tr	PRES	He chews the inside of his cheek and gets lost staring into the forest behind me .
tr	PAST	" We have wrought a great victory today .
tr	PRES	" White robes and harp music ? "
tr	PAST	Eric tugged her sleeveless top upward , his hand on the warmth of her belly .
tr	PAST	The cigarettes killed him , Rohr announced solemnly ; tugging at a pointed patch of gray beard below his chin .
tr	PRES	" Look , Viktor ... " His father sighed .
tr	PRES	Flowers surround the marble staircase that leads up to his rotten home .
tr	PRES	" No one sees you during the day . "
tr	PRES	Just as she finishes with the last strap , Murphy and Kai dive into the receding tide .
tr	PRES	" No , house guest only . "
tr	PRES	" Please , Eric , some self-control .
tr	PAST	A moment later , she repeated , calmer , " Yes .
tr	PAST	His face transformed back as he sat down back in his chair .
tr	PAST	The beast slowed down and sank underneath us like a submerging submarine .
tr	PRES	I shout too loudly , and the bridge shakes .
tr	PRES	I pops open a cautious eyelid .
tr	PRES	My father 's name , Demetri , stems from a character 's name from the same story .
tr	PAST	While he thought , Mary Ann acted .
tr	PAST	He army crawled away as fast as he could but the heat only seemed to get closer .
tr	PAST	Butch hopped down and backed up three steps , yapping ferociously .
tr	PRES	Suspicion ripples his temple as he scans over the pad .
tr	PAST	They limped along now as fast as they were able down the gentle slopes of a pine forest in a slanting path leading steadily southwards .
tr	PAST	An evening in the smoking car with Lord Nemesis proved to be the most pivotal point of Lukas ' life .
tr	PAST	Nicolas crawled backward until his boots touched the railing .
tr	PRES	She glances around the darkened water .
tr	PRES	Once we were on the roof , I scrutinized our surroundings .
tr	PAST	The moment he did , the security crew stormed through .
tr	PAST	But as I 'm entering the final turn , a colt named Winning Waves sneaks up on the inside .
tr	PRES	" The Counsel sees far but they don 't have the eyes of gods .
tr	PRES	The room fills with the strangled sound of our breathing , her sweet moans , the cry of pleasure building on her lips .
tr	PAST	I sensed her malignant presence , stopped , and looked up into her mean piggy eyes .
tr	PRES	She stops to pose a question .
tr	PRES	The marks on his nose , left behind from years of the necessity of glasses , shone brightly on his skin .
tr	PRES	" I was just looking , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	He eyed me over suspiciously , and then his eyebrow arched up .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes again , but this time there was joy mixed in with her sorrow .
tr	PAST	" I 'm game , " Stefan chimed in .
tr	PRES	( You observe my new vein of allegory ? )
tr	PRES	He rises up from his chair and crosses the small space between us .
tr	PRES	" Is Mama here ? "
tr	PRES	" Fuck , " James murmurs as he looks over her scars .
tr	PRES	Just as Elizabeth had predicted , a young version of Emma stands in a white dress .
tr	PRES	The high ceilings made for good acoustics , making our footsteps echo as we moved through the room .
tr	PAST	Perhaps because of the need for care going home they lingered over their food and had dessert .
tr	PAST	She flung her arms around him and kissed his cheek .
tr	PAST	He neared Providence Street , only a few miles away from her middle school .
tr	PRES	As Mikey slows to a stop in front of us , he measures Lila up with a sly look on his face .
tr	PAST	The crawlers coiled and tucked into the cracks and holes in the rocks to hide from the light churning around them .
tr	PRES	Definite glances between all police personnel within earshot .
tr	PAST	" Yes ... yes I am , " she countered .
tr	PAST	Even though some of the other priests knew about the Lotus Sutra 's superiority , they doubted the people 's ability to practice it .
tr	PAST	" That was uncalled for , Genie , " Auron stated .
tr	PAST	At six foot two inches tall , he tipped the scales at two-hundred and thirty-four pounds .
tr	PRES	She loves fiercely , and how better to show that than an all day shopping trip . "
tr	PRES	He snaps , his voice returning to the harsh and angry tone from a few minutes ago .
tr	PAST	While I was sleeping , James had curled himself up tightly away from me , his hands fisted for his savage battle with sleep .
tr	PRES	And I mutter again , " Holy shit , it 's gon na be a long night ! "
tr	PAST	He massaged his wrist .
tr	PAST	She inched toward the edge of the bed with the hope of getting out without waking him .
tr	PAST	Their covers bore no names , no title , no words or letters of any kind .
tr	PAST	He claimed her tongue with his own and reveled in her responsiveness .
tr	PAST	" They cost over a hundred bucks . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles as we hike across the parking lot toward the gated entrance .
tr	PAST	It shone faintly , even in the gloomy air beneath the recent cloud cover .
tr	PRES	Her sweet breath smelled of the strawberry lips gloss she had a habit , I noticed , of applying every half hour .
tr	PAST	Angie scooted to the edge of her chair and sat the water glass on Alan 's desk .
tr	PAST	She twirled around , laughing the entire time .
tr	PRES	Kolb loses his temper and stabs Pfeiffer .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and finished off the vodka .
tr	PAST	" I only pretended to be interested in that man when I saw how jealous it made you .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the waiting SUV and they all walked in that direction .
tr	PRES	She strokes his hair gently , and he sighs in his sleep .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed mine one last time , reluctant to stop .
tr	PAST	Something glass shattered as it hit the floor behind the clatter of what sounded like a small table .
tr	PAST	A sinister suspicion tugged at her conscience , then flowered into full-blown dread .
tr	PRES	Andrew 's face now gazes upon me .
tr	PAST	It enraged him that she sought to protect him .
tr	PAST	It dealt with the timing of future events , when the world would cross over from this age to the next .
tr	PAST	He clinched his hands to steady them , slowing his breathing and analyzing the terrain .
tr	PRES	Emma whispers as she stands by the doorway and looks to the tortured form .
tr	PRES	" Don 't punish me , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Rock inched along the walls in tentative motions and started to become worried after a few tedious minutes without good progress .
tr	PRES	he mumbled with a smile against my mouth .
tr	PRES	" For Eileen , a precious jewel amongst women .
tr	PRES	" Like , everything , " Carla explains .
tr	PRES	She wears an aqua blue shirt , with frills around the hem and wears black trousers with hiking boots .
tr	PRES	When they come upon him , they weaken him .
tr	PRES	" Talk about Charles marrying me . "
tr	PAST	I trudged up the stairs , heading into our room at the top of the stairs .
tr	PRES	Violates all sorts of mixed drink laws , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I quit flailing and grabbed his hand at my throat with both of my own .
tr	PRES	He loves her so much and I cannot bear it for him if anything bad was to happen to her .
tr	PRES	On my way in to work , I devour the entire container .
tr	PRES	In my driveway , trying to resist the urge to blow up my car . "
tr	PAST	" No , " her heart feared for her sleeping people .
tr	PRES	I belong to you .
tr	PRES	" Just go with the flow , " Isaac whispers back at him on the other side of me .
tr	PAST	His ears buzzed , and some noxious smell filled his head .
tr	PRES	His mental health , on the other hand - " " Forget it .
tr	PAST	Turning around , she prayed that the guards would allow her to just slip back where she 'd come from .
tr	PAST	Bail cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	This proved to be not the easy task I assumed .
tr	PAST	Olivia unclipped Runner 's leash and he immediately rolled over , giving both of them an open invitation to rub his belly .
tr	PAST	Vulcan grunted and scowled like a wild animal .
tr	PAST	She leaped , slashing down on the diagonal , but the demon spun away in a flurry of snow .
tr	PAST	I cringed , my fingers tightening around my knees .
tr	PAST	I swiped at the tears pouring down my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Damn straight , " Daphne crowed .
tr	PAST	As he stood appraising his handiwork , she sensed his demon scratching at its containment to be let loose to finish its job .
tr	PAST	" Ah , " Anderson exclaimed , trying to take it back .
tr	PRES	Once again , he invites me to step through the door .
tr	PAST	Dean scooted back to get some space and began pulling up the bottom of his shirt ... slowly .
tr	PAST	When he begins reading his wedding sermon , Lake touches her hand to my cheek and pulls my gaze toward hers , away from the officiant .
tr	PRES	" Well , I told her my name was Olivia and that I was from Yarmouth , " Hanna mumbled .
tr	PAST	Marius uttered foreign curses under his breath and tossed the gun into the back seat next to Haven .
tr	PAST	We scampered under the porch and went inside .
tr	PRES	" You surf ? "
tr	PRES	A small grace now as he remembers it .
tr	PAST	There arose another tramping of feet in the corridor .
tr	PRES	Staying her hands by covering them with his own , he said , " Slow down . "
tr	PAST	I slapped him across the face so hard my own hand stung .
tr	PAST	Bits of metal buzzed around him , responding to his Pushes and Pulls .
tr	PAST	Both claimed failure was due to ' circumstances beyond their control . '
tr	PRES	" Your wife , Lady Alena , provided me with coinage for passage to America , " Sarah mumbled .
tr	PAST	By the evening , she received a message .
tr	PAST	She yawned and closed her eyes , and he watched her drift off to sleep against his chest .
tr	PRES	" I 'll say this much for Lord flippin ' Clumsy , he pays well . "
tr	PRES	Veronika stared , her mouth agape .
tr	PRES	" Only two more points to win ! "
tr	PRES	" The night before my father was going to accept the plea bargain , I confronted him .
tr	PAST	Even before her sickness , a child had eluded the Hales .
tr	PAST	Grabbing Verbena 's cold fingers , she tugged her to follow , and began weaving her way to it .
tr	PRES	" A mere side affect , possibly triggered by a bad dream , or a fragmented memory .
tr	PRES	" I told you it would be , " Meredith crowed .
tr	PAST	Alissa hollered back to me .
tr	PRES	The band strikes up Nick 's signature tune again .
tr	PAST	I massaged my red fingers with the ointment .
tr	PAST	Emily crumpled and started to sob , first quietly , then in huge , heaving gasps .
tr	PRES	" You selfish little girl !
tr	PRES	" Energetic pulses from the sun that sometimes hit the earth 's magnetic shield . "
tr	PRES	Says it builds character . "
tr	PRES	Her glare matches mine .
tr	PRES	Mirabeau stiffened , then scowled at the phone before saying pleasantly , " Would this be a business call , or pleasure , Lucian ? "
tr	PRES	" Turns out you can fool all of the people all of the time .
tr	PAST	His head still buzzed from the outright fear that something had happened to Kelly .
tr	PRES	" I picked up a hitchhiker , " I mumbled as he poked the wound .
tr	PAST	and reported his progress .
tr	PAST	Within minutes he slowed , flying into the coastal range of Venezuela where the mountains ran along the northernmost section of the country .
tr	PAST	Fin 's eyes pinched together .
tr	PAST	Spread out , restrained , open , helpless before me , purposed absolutely for my use .
tr	PAST	Bobo munched his way through a muffin of his own .
tr	PAST	Anger on a tight rein , Daniel jabbed a finger toward her .
tr	PRES	She giggles , realizing what he 's getting at .
tr	PAST	He faked pulling a knife from his heart , but then winked , and crossed the street to his car - a convertible roadster .
tr	PAST	For the first time in his existence , Ash actually entertained the thought of thanking Nicolae .
tr	PAST	I pondered who " he " and " she " could be .
tr	PRES	" I would be , too , " the trainer agrees , " because I bet it cost a fortune to tune you up like that . "
tr	PRES	All at once the three of them vanish .
tr	PRES	" Tell me , " he found himself commanding , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	The sun shone again and Wil fed on its energy and life .
tr	PAST	he inquired , observing that she was in distress .
tr	PAST	The jogger slowed down , and then stopped .
tr	PAST	Vincent stiffened as he glanced past his son , seeing Corrado in the doorway to the office .
tr	PAST	She dialed Rosa 's number .
tr	PRES	Realm swears under his breath but then apologizes .
tr	PAST	Her muscles tensed , heels digging into his back and she cried out his name when she came .
tr	PRES	" Well , I assume she was your sister .
tr	PRES	Around 2 a.m. , Thom hears something outside the tent .
tr	PAST	As soon as she 'd gotten her license , she urged Gran 's Pontiac to make the climb on the weekends .
tr	PRES	Jack stands with an enormous frown on his face .
tr	PAST	" You really don 't have to do this , Olivia , " a familiar voice slurred .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately for me , he regained just enough vision in his left eye to spot me as I lunged up at him .
tr	PRES	" Listen to me , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	It tickled something nice and warm within his being .
tr	PAST	" I created it just for you . "
tr	PAST	Amelia 's softly spoken question smoked through Hugh 's focus as he checked out their quarters .
tr	PAST	I wonder what else I don 't know about this mysterious stranger , " she giggled .
tr	PAST	Luke taps his finger on his chin as he leans forward .
tr	PRES	" I assume you wish these washed and returned to you ? "
tr	PAST	We both froze and looked at each other .
tr	PRES	She snaps the phone open .
tr	PAST	The pressure of his thin fingers pierced Smith 's suit like needles on a pincushion .
tr	PRES	" To the closest one . "
tr	PRES	" Go fuck yourself , Yohan . "
tr	PRES	Bubbly attitude and conscious about her size .
tr	PAST	I replaced them myself .
tr	PRES	He exhales slowly , resting his forehead against mine , his eyes burning into me .
tr	PRES	" Wan na tune my mandolin ? "
tr	PRES	" They tickle . "
tr	PAST	A glance to my left revealed the broken heap of the demon below the impact crater .
tr	PRES	This one deserves death .
tr	PRES	' Patti ? ' '
tr	PRES	' Were you able to pick up any hints about what we should expect tomorrow , Pol ? '
tr	PAST	Jack proceeded to chase after the unknown evil .
tr	PRES	" But then she never lets me look . "
tr	PAST	Her own needs far outweighed their problems .
tr	PAST	" We stowed away our household belongings in a storage facility in Dubai .
tr	PRES	" My library student Hari .
tr	PAST	You have to speak up , " Aunt Nadia urged .
tr	PRES	I wrap my arms around his waist , " You ready to get out of here soon ? "
tr	PRES	" Be quiet , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He glances at Jessica .
tr	PAST	So I lied to her .
tr	PRES	The first voice drifts through the door , muffled and loud .
tr	PAST	" To avoid permanent decommission , I bounced my consciousness and all relevant data to the nearest unit . "
tr	PAST	After what seemed like an absolute age Sarah then exclaimed , ' Wow and wow !
tr	PAST	Her fingers tugged gently at his hair , willing him to take her with him on an incredible journey through time and space .
tr	PRES	Knowing my father 's quiet complement is more than I should have hoped for , I volunteer to wash the dishes .
tr	PAST	Crews intentionally elected them in defiance of a naval tradition that bestowed leadership regardless of competency .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and I remember his gift .
tr	PRES	As the opening theme swells to fill our living room , Emerson eases over on the couch so that our bodies are almost , almost touching .
tr	PRES	She then reaches up to check her bleeding ear .
tr	PRES	" I am sorry , " he said , " seeing my daughter like this brings back those memories .
tr	PRES	Emma announces , catching Justine off guard .
tr	PAST	For hundreds of feet until the valley below , bare rock proudly exposed itself .
tr	PAST	She approved of the changes that loving Marjorie had brought about in Gary .
tr	PRES	The road we 're on begins to slope upward , and he grips me tighter .
tr	PRES	Did you tippy toe your way up here ? "
tr	PRES	But - " " Call me Voss . "
tr	PAST	But now he screwed up her head again , with those gorgeous jungle eyes , and sinful mouth , and tousled golden hair .
tr	PAST	Her scent on his skin , her soft protest behind him , Marcus belted his robe and left her room .
tr	PAST	So quietly , she withdrew , leaving the poor woman to contemplate her own problems .
tr	PAST	" Under further cross-examination he revealed a description of one of the thugs at Banks ' and the Doctor 's murder scene , in the old hospital .
tr	PAST	Mick Jagger Nobody influenced us more than Buddy Gardner .
tr	PAST	Thunder vibrated the glass .
tr	PRES	Won 't he just assume his plans are going the way he expected ? "
tr	PRES	" Mr. Moretti ? "
tr	PAST	Whenever it moved , Jason slapped it firmly .
tr	PRES	My body slowly falls back towards the earth in the needle pose .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the knot of his tie .
tr	PAST	He faltered for a moment , afraid .
tr	PRES	" But only temporarily . "
tr	PAST	It was something very special , " she reiterated , because it was the truth and it was only fair to admit it to him .
tr	PRES	No matter how much I push the speed , the drive stretches slowly under the darkening sky .
tr	PRES	Her tongue snuck out and she slowly traced his upper lip in a cold embrace .
tr	PAST	None of us sensed you were near .
tr	PRES	Nathan was no slump in the body category either , his heavy muscles gleaming with sweat and suntan lotion .
tr	PAST	" That 's a good doggie , " she crooned .
tr	PRES	She peels back the paper to reveal the Band-Aid and balances it on her knee .
tr	PAST	Emily clutched her arms around herself .
tr	PAST	He zipped up his jacket with a sharp , frustrated movement .
tr	PRES	I fish a Splenda out of the sugar caddy , rip the package open , and stir the powder into my tea .
tr	PRES	A glitch of quietness stills the room at the mention of my mom , who died to protect me from Stephan .
tr	PAST	Behind the linen curtains , Maggie stiffened .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , they sped up their pace as though it would only take minutes for the first truck to be filled .
tr	PAST	She giggled at the thought that instead of trying to escape reality , maybe she should be trying to get back into it .
tr	PRES	Gary sighs again before sitting on the coffee table in front of me .
tr	PAST	I dared a look in his direction , just as he passed by me .
tr	PAST	This time , his tongue swirled deeper into my mouth and he moved his hands up and down my neck and back .
tr	PAST	She crawled away from Cain , her blood and saliva pooling onto the ground .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat before returning her attention to those faithfully bowed before her .
tr	PRES	" It tastes like cheese . "
tr	PRES	Still slowly destroying the historic building .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth as his face tenses in pain .
tr	PAST	Their talent faltered , their stamina failed , or they got too used to the easy money and fell down the wrong path .
tr	PAST	Seconds later the land mine exploded .
tr	PRES	Clearly , he considers it just a casual fling so get over it .
tr	PRES	Realm exhales , pushing his bowl aside .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to one side .
tr	PRES	They simply vanish . "
tr	PAST	That required no thought at all .
tr	PRES	" How you doing , kiddo ? "
tr	PRES	He slows down and stuffs our linked hands into his coat pocket .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , a haggard sound .
tr	PAST	" Because you have been a good shepherd to your people , all of your life .
tr	PRES	Susie holds up a list , her expression hopeful .
tr	PRES	" Of course , it sees them as an ally .
tr	PAST	Warmth washed over me , and I smiled .
tr	PAST	She has sensed the way of things , the truth , but you will not allow her to keep it . "
tr	PAST	Pain pricked at the surface , and satisfaction rolled deep .
tr	PRES	" When the moon is full it causes a magnetic -- " " You 've been on that internet again , haven 't you ? "
tr	PAST	Sara countered with an exasperated sigh .
tr	PRES	He releases me and looks around the apartment .
tr	PRES	" Don 't do it , Man , " Pat begged .
tr	PRES	Most vampires feed themselves from the blood banks now .
tr	PRES	Erin never wears makeup .
tr	PRES	He tries not to show that he is in pain in front of me , but I know how much Jayden is hurting him .
tr	PRES	Aly whimpered , a frenzy alight in the depths of her green eyes .
tr	PAST	" You should meet up with Sebastian when you 're finished , " Bianca stated .
tr	PRES	In the meantime , he belongs with you . "
tr	PAST	" Raise to five hundred , " he announced .
tr	PAST	" You really have to be careful , " Sheila reiterated , afraid Melanie wasn 't listening to the warning .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes .
tr	PRES	Zero points for a zero brain on Dirk , again .
tr	PRES	He likes to keep tabs on everybody and have tags and numbers on them so he knows exactly where they are at all times .
tr	PAST	At the same time , " Ashe hauled the milk jug from the fridge and pulled a tall glass from a cabinet .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket and removes a folder letter .
tr	PAST	Butterflies assaulted my stomach as I thought of turning my head .
tr	PAST	The gathering toasted the wailing child and slapped the father on his back .
tr	PRES	" You bitches ruined my life . "
tr	PRES	It lies in the foothills of our mountains .
tr	PRES	As a mischievous witch guest starring beside Elizabeth Montgomery on Bewitched ( she turns Darren into a frog ) .
tr	PAST	Clary 's hand tensed on her fork , her knuckles whitening .
tr	PRES	" What project ? "
tr	PRES	" If you are so open to having a philandering husband , why not wed me ? "
tr	PRES	" A photograph . "
tr	PRES	Never , ever hesitate .
tr	PAST	Cold air swirled into the hall .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PRES	Warm limbs entangled with mine , arms around me and close to my face the stir of breathing .
tr	PRES	Anyway , one dark and stormy night -- " " Ooh , " whispered Wanda .
tr	PAST	For I know you and I do not fear you , nor have I ever feared you .
tr	PRES	Two more houses down . "
tr	PRES	He stares out his windows , his eyes so distant , as though he is wishing that he were anywhere but here .
tr	PRES	" He kind of creeps me out .
tr	PRES	' Get off me , you horny git ! '
tr	PAST	His face transformed into a smile and he reached over and laced his fingers through mine .
tr	PAST	I wept into his chest , more ugliness and brokenness than I knew what to do with .
tr	PRES	' Come on , you drunken twat .
tr	PRES	Their decapitated remains piled like so much firewood along a back wall .
tr	PRES	I wince in pain as the cold water stings the open cut .
tr	PAST	Every cell vibrated with the thrill of being so desperately wanted by a man she 'd craved for years .
tr	PAST	Emma tugged at my arm to get my attention then crawled onto my lap .
tr	PAST	Mad Dog withdrew his hand slowly .
tr	PAST	Or to wish for the kisses he stole without warning .
tr	PAST	" No one ever leaves the martial world once they cross over , " Malachi stated , categorically .
tr	PAST	Coincidence dusted himself down as the side of his face turned red .
tr	PAST	A grin tugged at the corner of Clayton 's mouth .
tr	PAST	She padded across the room and sat on the edge of the sofa .
tr	PAST	And for now , screw Cass .
tr	PAST	Thus , thou accused thee of thy murder for thy coinage . "
tr	PRES	The angel falls back , her arms askew , head lolling off the edge of the bench in a swoon .
tr	PAST	Not just dogs and cats , but everything , and he treated them like he treated people .
tr	PRES	The guest bathroom opens onto a hall .
tr	PRES	It terrifies me to think of a God as you describe Him .
tr	PAST	Lucia inched back against Sara , ducking from under Lucas 's hand .
tr	PRES	Nine stares John down and , for a second , I think he might take a swing at him too .
tr	PRES	" Behind this door lies the beginning of our journey together .
tr	PRES	One of the guards remembers seeing a dog running through the maintenance hallway a little after lunch , though .
tr	PAST	Catarina regarded the girl with a cold look in her narrowed eyes .
tr	PRES	Talk about freaky weird ... even Eve seemed not quite sure what to do with her .
tr	PAST	Russel 's phone beeped once .
tr	PAST	The women exited the sunroom through large French doors opening onto a broad sunny terrace with a breathtaking view of the ocean .
tr	PAST	Then her body stiffened with horror .
tr	PAST	Put me out of my misery quickly , I prayed to no one in particular .
tr	PAST	' Oh dear , ' I joked .
tr	PRES	He glances my way when he hears me walk in .
tr	PRES	Jordan whipped around to face her .
tr	PAST	There have been several new cases , " Bridget reported .
tr	PRES	Bree mumbled something similar to my thoughts , but it was hard to decipher .
tr	PRES	" That 's Nora Quentin , the richest and most beautiful kid around and -- and my crush , " beamed Peter .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled my cheek , and my desire stirred , pressing aside my darkness .
tr	PRES	" For , though the Survivor is gone , his legacy remains .
tr	PAST	The fear retreated a little from the power that grew inside him .
tr	PRES	" And what about Hermes ? "
tr	PAST	The pleasure washed through him , exhausting him .
tr	PRES	To ... you know ... " Cat snorts with laughter , an inelegant sound for such a pristine looking girl .
tr	PRES	Gage 's voice booms all around us .
tr	PRES	" Not if they knew you and knew how clumsy you are , " the one with the ponytail teased .
tr	PRES	The day before our first game , Coach announces the starting lineup , and I get the nod at point guard .
tr	PAST	" Oops , " she giggled and I grabbed her close again .
tr	PAST	The one next to it floated skyward as quickly as the first one had dropped .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a blissful sigh and turned to face her .
tr	PAST	Hoping our bodies still hid what I was doing , I slowly tugged it free .
tr	PAST	" Eat quickly , Tessa , before he changes his mind about the carriage , " Will advised her , but Tessa shook her head .
tr	PRES	I mumbled as her footsteps started away .
tr	PAST	Trinity cocked her head to one side and smiled , " Awesome , " she said , putting the deck back into one pile .
tr	PRES	" Don 't tell me about being strong or resilient or crap like that , I warn you .
tr	PAST	It cost us a fortune getting Henry drunk .
tr	PRES	" Shan , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Rage flashes through , me so hot and hard that I can 't stand it .
tr	PAST	Like a robot , Kelsey dialed the numbers .
tr	PRES	Tiny cactus spines prick my skin .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " I mumbled , but I didn 't stick around to answer any more questions .
tr	PAST	She slapped his shoulder .
tr	PAST	He tugged her toward the adjacent sitting room .
tr	PAST	A big guy who was crouched over Gwen .
tr	PRES	" Aiden or Peter Johnson ? "
tr	PRES	" Your clan ? "
tr	PAST	It beeped so loud it scared him .
tr	PRES	All those bits of plastic bag and stuff tangled up in the fence , she wove them in on purpose .
tr	PRES	Humankind only holds the potential to explore other dimensions .
tr	PRES	I lean toward him with a fake smile plastered on my face .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open at the thought of eternal love .
tr	PRES	" Unlikely , " he returns , when his dialogue with the leader comes to an ominous conclusion .
tr	PRES	I snuck a glance down at our joined hands , before turning onto her street .
tr	PAST	Daniel pondered the timing with his drive down to the area , and Rachel returned while he was away .
tr	PAST	Catching me by the arm , he flung me back from the two .
tr	PRES	" Baby , you untie me , and I 'll show you just how much of an animal the man in me really is .
tr	PAST	' You claimed the costumes did not belong to you . '
tr	PAST	The flowing swish of a blue tail floated out behind her .
tr	PRES	Flynn occasionally stops me to correct something , but for the most part we walk in silence .
tr	PAST	Simon lied and stated that he would use it to travel around Italy for the next two months .
tr	PAST	He rasped that she was his kena , his darling , that she was so precious to him .
tr	PAST	Jocelyn regarded him in puzzlement .
tr	PAST	It flapped its leathery wings powerfully .
tr	PAST	" He 's writing again , " Caitlin stated , sounding annoyed .
tr	PRES	She winks at me .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " he mumbled honestly .
tr	PRES	" Maybe our parents could meet each other someday , " comments Jerry .
tr	PRES	Says he has some information you are going to want .
tr	PAST	" Eat shit , " Snow Job grunted .
tr	PRES	Trystan brings out the other side of her , the real Mari .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe it ? "
tr	PAST	I dive right in , swim to the end , come up for air .
tr	PRES	As the two large doors close , the battle begins .
tr	PAST	I regained my breath .
tr	PAST	From the fireball faces emerged burning as well .
tr	PAST	" Hey , " he objects , smoothing it back into place .
tr	PRES	Amy reaches out towards me and puts her hand on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	We provide them training , weapons and insider information gathered by NSA .
tr	PAST	I acted hastily , though I had no intention of causing strife .
tr	PRES	She reaches out to touch him .
tr	PRES	It stands out starkly against the white wood that it 's sitting on .
tr	PAST	The tech assistant bots regarded the drone with considerable unease .
tr	PAST	She thanked him and hung up .
tr	PAST	Part of the cold night elbowed its way in as the door closed slowly behind him .
tr	PAST	The thin and pale ambassador of their sometimes ally and sometimes enemy , tipped his brow and unfurled his silvered wings .
tr	PRES	Rugged underbrush creaking in the breeze pounded in her head like thunder .
tr	PRES	God bless humorless Officer Koenig , because he didn 't ask me for any more details .
tr	PRES	All my life , the memories ... Everything : lies .
tr	PAST	The smaller woman leaped to grab his arm .
tr	PAST	" Then you and I have nothing to talk about , " Selena stated with a broken tone .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come now , Ernest .
tr	PRES	Why fret over the past ? "
tr	PAST	The bus slowed , and Claire saw a sign for the tunnel up ahead .
tr	PRES	" No hard sell . "
tr	PRES	He slides the papers across the table and sets a pen next to them .
tr	PRES	" No more deals with Stalker ? "
tr	PRES	" No name brands ? "
tr	PRES	' You have my word that you 'll have the prettiest smile in the world in no time , Maggie lass .
tr	PAST	Fin rested his hand more firmly , his fingers fanned out to small of her back .
tr	PRES	" I assume that my visit here was to allow Augie to get acquainted with me .
tr	PAST	Once she had , she acted without thinking .
tr	PAST	Any anger he had is gone , replaced only with concern .
tr	PAST	Joseph slapped his legs and nodded .
tr	PRES	The lad dutifully reaches to his hip and draws out the small dagger worn in a leather sheath .
tr	PAST	Kyle and Matt wriggled out of Misty 's grasp .
tr	PRES	" Kiss them , " she begged softly .
tr	PAST	I dumped half of the fries onto my tray and wordlessly passed Cassidy the little paper container , since we were sharing .
tr	PRES	A gargantuan chasm opens like a hungry mouth of darkness as the boy falls alongside a random glowing stone of brilliant yellow .
tr	PRES	It ruined the otherwise perfect symmetry of his face , and turned what would have been a charismatic smile into something rugged , almost wicked .
tr	PRES	In , out , harsh , shallow .
tr	PRES	" Looks like we 're clear , " Hit announces over the comm .
tr	PRES	Rian finally lets go of my shoulder but he stays where he is .
tr	PRES	' That sums it up fairly well , yes . '
tr	PAST	She yawned , more replete than she 'd ever been .
tr	PAST	Every time my mother stares into the refrigerator like a prisoner of war about to be shot , it 's time to go back to Weight Watchers .
tr	PAST	The female eyed Simon as he inched closer and barked a warning .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the floor .
tr	PAST	She soaked the handkerchief as best she could , then gingerly washed her face and hands , wincing when the water stung the scrapes .
tr	PRES	" And John Paris ? "
tr	PAST	When he arrived , he circled the house , observing it from different angles .
tr	PRES	The empty time remains empty .
tr	PRES	" Or about this wagon .
tr	PRES	" Because I find you fascinating .
tr	PAST	Once there he commenced digging a hole where he would lie low until Agent 2C arrived in 8 hours .
tr	PRES	She stops at a small , dark sedan .
tr	PRES	Finally , after what felt like an age , bullets whizzing by all the while , Alexia attained the basket lip and tumbled in .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and went to the gate to see a sight that made his entire body go cold .
tr	PAST	In one startling movement , he flung his empty glass into the fireplace .
tr	PAST	She flicked her wrist again and Bad Face 's knife went back into its original position against Kaia 's neck .
tr	PRES	Silence fel across the table as we processed the news .
tr	PAST	Devon gritted her teeth upon his exit .
tr	PAST	When he began to gently suckle on her neck , all thoughts ceased and she couldn 't do anything but feel .
tr	PAST	Pope Innocent stared at him , exhaustion transformed by outrage .
tr	PRES	Nick merely chased Kelly 's mouth with his own , kissing him fiercely , pul ing his hair as the kiss consumed them both .
tr	PAST	Peyton produced a triumphant smile , and proceeded to bang on Serena 's door .
tr	PRES	Now if you agree to our offer I th - " " But what exactly are you offering , " interrupted Pierce .
tr	PAST	I zigzagged through the maze of overturned carts , discarded clothing , and the like .
tr	PRES	" Fear tends to make new enemies .
tr	PAST	Philippe exited the parlor after him and sent the butler back to bed .
tr	PAST	Every single one of us froze .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , you don 't wash silk , dumbass . "
tr	PRES	" I definitely am , " he murmurs , watching me as I walk around the car to get in .
tr	PRES	As soon as she sees Tammie , she rises and marches towards her .
tr	PAST	Dean squinted with the sunlight reflecting off its polished cuts and snapped the box shut .
tr	PAST	Jesus had also volunteered the identity and told him where to find the other man in the boat .
tr	PRES	" Not Sam or her sisters . "
tr	PRES	I scratch Ava 's ears .
tr	PAST	Then he swooped in .
tr	PAST	Mom tugged on Monty 's arm .
tr	PAST	Reaching up to take her hand with one of his , he tipped the lid open with the other .
tr	PRES	Turns out the " L " in " LCD " stands for " Liquid . "
tr	PRES	I steal the drawing back .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with his phone , moved over to the window , and was soon engaged in animated conversation .
tr	PAST	I chanced a glance back to verify .
tr	PAST	He hacked off another lump of steak , shoveled it down .
tr	PAST	A faint sheen of red glowed from the depths of his black eyes .
tr	PRES	Just a little nap ... .
tr	PAST	Picking up the paper Derek had shoved aside , Kevin slapped it in front of them again .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PAST	Sheer terror engulfed her .
tr	PRES	She suffers depression and today is not one of her better days . "
tr	PAST	He preferred waiting until that announcement could be made along with their intent to get back together .
tr	PAST	She stiffened in his hold .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	Please , it destroys me when I see that look on your face .
tr	PAST	He announced to the driver , " Listen , I want you to do me a really , big favor . "
tr	PAST	Nathaniel 's lips curved into a smile .
tr	PRES	She held both hands out to her sides , palms outwards .
tr	PRES	I fumble over my words .
tr	PRES	His face changes from complete disinterest to a look I do not know .
tr	PAST	His hands roamed , and mine did too , clumsy , strange , and irresistible .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head she just babbled the name .
tr	PAST	Someone phoned a few minutes ago .
tr	PRES	The rent borders on outrageous , but I thrive on the lively atmosphere and the burgeoning nightlife in the neighborhood .
tr	PAST	" It 'll heal quicker than the bullet wounds , " Dee joked weakly .
tr	PRES	I rip off the end of my hummus wrap .
tr	PAST	When the sun rose over the horizon the next morning Riley awoke , though she did not move .
tr	PAST	As he pulled away , he caressed my face with his hand .
tr	PAST	Tasha froze at the spot and looked at him .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears away with the back of my hand and I pull my legs up , hugging them tightly .
tr	PRES	She glances down a moment .
tr	PRES	" Dive and then swim out as far as you can before you come up .
tr	PRES	The first time knocks the victim out , the second blocks the memories .
tr	PRES	And in a strange way , that comforted him .
tr	PAST	His face split slowly into a grin .
tr	PRES	Not emotionally , but physically .
tr	PAST	She pretended distraction in transferring her necessaries into a black beaded reticule .
tr	PRES	" Very pragmatic . "
tr	PAST	Dennis cocked his head to the side , and his brow furrowed as he spoke .
tr	PRES	Pride and joy shone from his face , and Robin was moved almost to tears .
tr	PAST	" Why , the entire royal court practically mauled themselves to death .
tr	PRES	Outwardly the yellow room holds more worth than the ring on my finger .
tr	PAST	Blushing , Mille swirled his wine and studied the whirlpool .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not a china doll , much to everyone 's disappointment , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	Aunt sniffs , gaining confidence .
tr	PRES	Madoc watched her , his face expressionless .
tr	PAST	A patrol car slowed , keeping pace with him for half a block or so before going on .
tr	PRES	" The wheels ! "
tr	PAST	She saluted Brent and picked up the pace as she walked away .
tr	PRES	I snap , but he only catches my mouth in a kiss and then whispers , " Come for me .
tr	PRES	" So we adapt . "
tr	PAST	I crouched down on the floor and ran my fingers across the folded edge .
tr	PRES	A grimace touches her lips .
tr	PRES	Her eyes widened , the amber orbs going blind as she cried out in release , her body shuddering with the force of it .
tr	PAST	" I hope so , " he joked .
tr	PAST	Her soft hair tousled across the strange , sad look on her face .
tr	PRES	" If you say so , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" What an idiot . "
tr	PRES	It fits the description we got from Quebec of the ring that Jean Claude Parent gave to Toni Prescott . "
tr	PRES	I fold my arms carefully and try to glare .
tr	PRES	" You don 't look military , " a short girl comments .
tr	PRES	' To catch fish , Pol .
tr	PRES	" And a background that points to a long history of kidnapping crimes . "
tr	PRES	There are high powered lamps hidden behind the glass , they provide the light , and the radiant heat that maintains the rooms temperature . "
tr	PAST	Nature provided everything he needed , except human companionship .
tr	PRES	The shouting enters the cab , but the cranking of the heater and stereo stifle it .
tr	PRES	" So , General , my coffee machine doesn 't give me coffee in the kitchen because we have no electricity , correct ? "
tr	PRES	No matter how often Nan says this , it never fails to give me a prickle of hurt .
tr	PAST	Robert cocked his head and nodded .
tr	PAST	They giggled again like two kids at a campout .
tr	PAST	The demon squealed in delight .
tr	PAST	Kneeling , she collected the letters .
tr	PAST	Tim regarded me warily .
tr	PRES	In Grave Perception , Carol begins to rebuild her life and joins forces with Dr. George Donovan .
tr	PAST	He doubted he 'd get those details from Sloane .
tr	PRES	The young African-American doctor applies the paddles of the defibrillation device to the chest of a teen boy on the table before him .
tr	PRES	" Diet Coke . "
tr	PRES	We all belong to God first . "
tr	PAST	Ray grunted his response and shifted his body so he stood directly behind me as I reached for my doorknob .
tr	PRES	Call me selfish , but I want him to see that I 'm continuing our bloodline .
tr	PRES	They surround us in every direction .
tr	PRES	Strapless and fitted with just a slight feathering flare past the hips that made it look like it had tiny pieces of clouds woven into it .
tr	PAST	" Come on , you eccentric behemoth , " I begged , trying to get the Cadillac 's motor to turn over .
tr	PAST	I tugged out my battery-operated coffeemaker and got down to business .
tr	PRES	She weaves her arms around my neck .
tr	PAST	A bold voice severed Gabriel 's train of thought .
tr	PRES	" Sure , I guess , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	By telling her lies ? "
tr	PAST	He supported her weight as she did so , but even that movement caused him to bite down on the inside of his cheek .
tr	PAST	The elevator chimed , the door opened , and they both entered , moving to the back wall as the door closed .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Chi-Chi likes you ... " Oh , maybe not anymore , I thought .
tr	PAST	The hall clock just chimed quarter past nine !
tr	PRES	Elliott senses my nervousness and pulls me closer .
tr	PAST	These subs know better , " his father stated .
tr	PAST	As I stood in place , unable to move , he kissed me , claimed my body and my spirit .
tr	PRES	" Okay , okay , we will , " I sputter , observing Nicholas from the corner of my eye .
tr	PRES	Maya opens her eyes and looks around .
tr	PAST	Zeus squinted , not understanding what that meant .
tr	PAST	The prophecy stated that the person who would kill the beast was a person who had battled demons all of their life .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brilliant blue .
tr	PAST	" Trying to concentrate here , " Trinity chided trying to not break her focus on the spell .
tr	PRES	Dark realization dawns on Thayer 's chiseled features .
tr	PAST	Easing me down on his bed , his hands glided from my face to my arms .
tr	PRES	" And a dinner helps do that ? "
tr	PRES	I drag my fingers through my hair .
tr	PRES	Two tall , scary bitches surrounding her .
tr	PAST	Tessa extended her hand and gave Lydia a warm smile .
tr	PRES	He rises up from the horse 's back and holds his position , and I do the same .
tr	PRES	Thomas whipped his hand up and stared in horror .
tr	PAST	It never ceased to amaze me that he could look so ridiculously good in such a preppy outfit .
tr	PRES	Instead , I lean up and offer a tender kiss that says it so much better .
tr	PRES	A sub door slams .
tr	PAST	He bore his gaze into Bolton 's eyes and waited .
tr	PAST	Dee absorbed the information and asked another question .
tr	PAST	She yawned and turned to face me , tucking her feet underneath her .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air while he waited to be bidden entrance .
tr	PRES	He produces a dry smile .
tr	PAST	Tristan inquired with a probing look .
tr	PRES	The king fails to come back .
tr	PRES	" My husband , he thinks he can go fuck any girl he wants .
tr	PRES	Drawing away with a grin , Ryan scoots a chair in close to the screen and moves a pile books off the other for me .
tr	PAST	He feared their butchering blades , the tools of their trade , and so he feared what the corpse beneath the blanket would appear like .
tr	PRES	" Me threatening to call the cops on you . "
tr	PRES	Then a couple of hours later he phones back .
tr	PRES	" And Sergio . "
tr	PAST	Jake 's youthful voice shattered the moment , sent it spiraling into the oblivion of lost chances .
tr	PAST	" Oh geez , " Leah giggled as she leaned in closer , elbows on the table .
tr	PRES	" To the main bunker .
tr	PAST	Glass shattered and bullets ripped into the room .
tr	PRES	" What about Blythe Holmes ? "
tr	PAST	I padded along the white sand until I reached the peninsula rocks .
tr	PAST	Sir Montague uttered in alarm .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open and no sound comes out .
tr	PAST	In this as yet unexplored gallery , the walls themselves glowed .
tr	PRES	She just hugs him harder .
tr	PAST	The women shot to their feet , advanced a step , then backed away .
tr	PAST	Neither of them doubted that they 'd rescue her in the finish .
tr	PRES	The brass loves you . "
tr	PRES	She giggles and I know it 's more than my lame joke .
tr	PRES	" Daddy never talks about her . "
tr	PRES	Bob flips through the first few pages of the binder and runs his finger down an index .
tr	PRES	He talks for a minute straight and she simply listens .
tr	PRES	Krauss introduces himself , offers his hand .
tr	PRES	He tries to compete again .
tr	PAST	I flicked on my turn signal , nearing Trip 's house .
tr	PAST	The dragon shrieked louder as if frustrated by her actions .
tr	PAST	" It 's not a weakness , " he stated simply , his arms folded tightly against his torso .
tr	PAST	My best friend joked about it .
tr	PAST	Scar smoked beside me , and stared at the window shield as the engine started to roar .
tr	PAST	Headlights crawled across the ceiling , and a screech came from the driveway .
tr	PAST	He floated out to reconnect with his body .
tr	PRES	The sight enraged her .
tr	PRES	Emma 's mind wheels wildly as she attempts to reconnect thoughts of the last six days .
tr	PRES	He holds up his phone so the blank screen can show his reflection .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged .
tr	PAST	Somehow , he doubted it , but there was no one about when he entered the house .
tr	PRES	Another stalker to worry about .
tr	PAST	Garfield claimed the North and Midwest .
tr	PAST	Haven chanced a peek at him , her footsteps faltering when she heard a small squeal .
tr	PRES	We belong to the same country club .
tr	PAST	On a Monday morning , David received a package from the prosecutor 's office listing the state 's discovery .
tr	PAST	I should check on Myra , " Tara lied .
tr	PRES	" I 've got a heart full of dead children , " he mutters in a low , lost voice .
tr	PAST	He attempted to use the advantage of his long sword by keeping Ambrose at a distance , where the shorter foreign blade was at a disadvantage .
tr	PRES	He points a finger at his chest , and she nods as she walks away .
tr	PRES	" Mike , I can 't swim . "
tr	PAST	Matthew taps the glass with his knuckles .
tr	PAST	What bothered him was the look on her face as she 'd turned to go .
tr	PRES	" In that case , Joseph really likes your lasagna .
tr	PRES	Blue highlights danced in her ebony hair and glittered almost as much as the delicate gold butterfly barrettes pinned above her ears .
tr	PRES	I kinda like that .
tr	PRES	" Prewitt loves you . "
tr	PAST	Isis reflected on that .
tr	PAST	The words written on the small marker mesmerized Howard .
tr	PRES	He owes me some money , so I can use this as a trade .
tr	PRES	Mason stands to the side while I dance and he looks on , laughing at me and Aunt Betty .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands up to guard her face .
tr	PAST	J regarded him from behind blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Fear spurred Cassie into action as she seized hold of the arrow and tore it free .
tr	PRES	Staying where he is , he softly pinches my clit with two fingers , and I close my eyes and bite back a moan .
tr	PAST	When am I going to actually ... " He wriggled his fingers .
tr	PRES	Allowing him no final words , Ganondorf crushes the sage , snatching away the medallion of fire as the lava creeps closer than he 'd prefer .
tr	PAST	Fintan elbowed Zack who was staring .
tr	PAST	He slapped his palm against his muscular chest as if I had shot him with my words .
tr	PRES	The Templar shrugged and fished about his high col ar with one finger , final y pul ing out a chain that was around his neck .
tr	PRES	She stares at me .
tr	PAST	They reclaimed some of the promise they 'd opened with rehearsing an hour longer than arranged until Mark finally appeared to kick them out .
tr	PRES	The other way brings us up to the dining room near the service hatch . "
tr	PRES	" Because I don 't know for certain , Mikhail .
tr	PAST	Madeline sniffed and swiped at her damp cheeks .
tr	PRES	Panic fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	Huge glass windows reflected the town 's bright lights , turned them into a smear of color .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Bec murmurs .
tr	PAST	" Take her to headquarters , " he instructed after giving Sofia a quick glance .
tr	PRES	Joseph Brodie always fills a room like royalty .
tr	PAST	She mimicked the movement exactly , mirrored it .
tr	PRES	And getting sicker by the second .
tr	PRES	A clear image of Gage without his shirt on pops in my mind .
tr	PRES	We heard a noise and thought that someone broke in , " Damien explains .
tr	PRES	" Mind keeping your voice down , pal ?
tr	PRES	But don 't expect any miracles . "
tr	PAST	We passed this way once a few years ago , my battalion and I. " Marta scoffed .
tr	PRES	For example , Chang talks about joining in the battle to save the earthly city of Jerusalem , and possibly being killed .
tr	PRES	He stares harshly at me now .
tr	PRES	" No , " I protest .
tr	PRES	Says he needs to " fetch him " and bring him to his true home ?
tr	PAST	The calmness in Dimitri 's voice steadied her .
tr	PAST	She pinched together the corners of flesh , wincing because he didn 't - or wouldn 't let himself .
tr	PRES	" What brings you this early in the morning Beppe ? "
tr	PRES	Sanguine vampires feed from the blood of others -- what my mother told you . "
tr	PRES	He clutches my hand as we enter and I let him because I 'm starting to feel light-headed again .
tr	PAST	Chapter Twenty-one Clare unzipped the small overnight suitcase and studied her extremely limited wardrobe .
tr	PRES	Eventually Greyson announces that it 's time to go .
tr	PRES	He begins walking again toward the rocks .
tr	PAST	The Defender of the North immediately awoke and tried to fight off his attacker , but the man had inhuman strength .
tr	PRES	" Stop moving , " I snap .
tr	PRES	Jamie flicks a glance at Mara 's brother , wincing at the movement .
tr	PAST	The discovery of the lost tomb and its legendary artifact warranted more acclaim than they would get , especially out here in the wilderness .
tr	PRES	Turns out I was a first-class fool . "
tr	PAST	The metal screeched , raising the hair on my neck , and shock shifted into fury .
tr	PAST	When she finally heard the front door open then close , she prayed it didn 't wake her father .
tr	PAST	Once more his mind sought Raven 's .
tr	PRES	" Me , " she sniffs .
tr	PRES	But apparently none of that mattered because she couldn 't get a job .
tr	PRES	" Most serials fantasize all the time . "
tr	PRES	Ahead , the aisle opens up into a space with a conference table .
tr	PAST	You dumped Jase with no explanation .
tr	PAST	Shana appealed to him , and he was more and more inclined to pursue the relationship .
tr	PAST	Pete regarded the Shadowhunter .
tr	PAST	Annie cringed at the prices in the designer shops but Zack didn 't even blink .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder as she walks out of the room .
tr	PRES	What kind of guy loses it at a hockey game and can 't even hang out afterward ?
tr	PRES	" He loves you . "
tr	PAST	Charles crumpled against the seat , repentant .
tr	PRES	Please fuck me some more . "
tr	PAST	His hands plunged toward the marble floor and scooped imaginary dirt .
tr	PRES	" It changes everything . "
tr	PAST	Nicholas flicked off the lamp once again , and in his sitting position he remained for a good ten minutes or so .
tr	PRES	His destiny changes as he begins to live life as he never knew that it could be lived .
tr	PRES	I chalked it up to being a freaking nightmare of a day , and I tugged her against me , kissing her with mindless abandon .
tr	PRES	" Change fate . "
tr	PRES	Who offers to take the execution of Chad Everett Daniels ? "
tr	PAST	The sky overhead rumbled with thunder .
tr	PRES	My head falls nearly to my chest as I realize that I am brown bread .
tr	PAST	Pulling her into his arms , Zeke inhaled her warm fresh scent .
tr	PRES	" Please hurry , " Kristy mumbled under her breath .
tr	PAST	His head cocked to one side .
tr	PRES	Leaving her alone in that apartment building for the day ?
tr	PRES	He approaches me and I rise .
tr	PRES	That remains to be seen . "
tr	PRES	For the first time in his life , Timothy wishes he were shorter .
tr	PAST	A few moments later , she exited the bathroom and returned to her tiny exam room to wait .
tr	PAST	" Wasn 't your fort protected ? "
tr	PAST	At last he rasped , " It had to do with his own gambler 's behavior .
tr	PAST	She guides her boyfriend , if that 's what he is , round , and he looks over and gives a broad smile .
tr	PAST	Felix , once satisfied that all the statues had been returned , accused all the previous owners of theft .
tr	PAST	Her heartbeat sped up , thumping louder and louder in her ears .
tr	PAST	Bradford retreated to the bar for a drink and ran into Cyndi , of all people .
tr	PRES	" It 's time to finally be rid of you , " she mutters , squaring up her targets .
tr	PAST	" I 've kept it simple , " Delilah announced when she was finished .
tr	PAST	" You got my dress wet ... that 's not nice ... " She stated with a saddened frown , which was obviously fake .
tr	PRES	" Please do not be offended , Princess .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the lab about 30 minutes later .
tr	PRES	Now , let 's compare organized religion 's account of humanity 's place in the cosmos .
tr	PRES	The second hand ticks , forever ticking , but never progressing .
tr	PRES	Enjoy yourselves , be gone , vanish . "
tr	PAST	Suddenly sensing a mosquito , I zipped slightly to the right and opened my mouth wide , swallowing it whole .
tr	PRES	His head would sag and then jerk up , his eyes blinking .
tr	PRES	" What he helps create , he later destroys .
tr	PRES	" A scratch or two . "
tr	PAST	Spencer eyed Naomi , who was now gliding toward the exit with her head held high , as if her job here was done .
tr	PAST	James crouched to help Serenity to her feet , but before he did , she saw a flash of memory cross his features .
tr	PRES	" Don 't get me started , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Your dad hates me . "
tr	PAST	Jane lingered at the back of the class until the rest of the students had filtered out .
tr	PRES	The tragedy of the great temporal defeat remains for a while poignant , but ceases to be finally important .
tr	PAST	Charlie shuffled the deck and dealt us each another hand .
tr	PRES	He hates antiques . "
tr	PRES	He exhales deeply as he holds my stare .
tr	PRES	The memory of the hundreds of banana splits I had shared with my ex-boyfriend ?
tr	PAST	The man squinted up at him .
tr	PRES	The smallest star rises , lighting up trees and bushes again .
tr	PRES	Curled in the fetal position in the middle of my bed , Rachel wears the mask of a ravaged person .
tr	PAST	When it struck the bottom of the sea it plowed a good twenty feet into the soft mud floor and lodged there .
tr	PAST	But even that wasn 't what bothered her the most .
tr	PRES	After she shoves her jacket inside , she slams the dryer door shut and turns it on .
tr	PAST	" One of their best agents ; transferred in here about two years ago . "
tr	PAST	In one precise motion , Rick withdrew his Desert Eagle from its holster , spun , and fired off a perfect shot at Joe 's kneecap .
tr	PRES	Corpses clogged the streams and dikes or lay rotting in the fields , prey to kites and crows and ravens .
tr	PAST	Henry reflected for a moment .
tr	PAST	The spike fizzled , but the urge was still strong in him .
tr	PRES	He sighs with frustration , stands , and puts one hand inside his pocket .
tr	PRES	Dina clears her throat .
tr	PAST	" It will , " I defended .
tr	PAST	He treated me with the politeness one monarch would expect from the other , while I treated him with manners as a subject would to his king .
tr	PAST	They slowed down but didn 't stop . "
tr	PRES	He reaches out and very gently lays his hand on the side of my head .
tr	PAST	Just like he said , the boys who sat on either side of me acted like nothing had ever happened .
tr	PAST	She stiffened when she read the name .
tr	PRES	" That last bit is a new one , " I murmur in Ria 's ear .
tr	PAST	Brandon must have sensed my distress .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , I do , " the kid hopped in and slammed the door .
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " he mumbled , somewhat embarrassed .
tr	PAST	On autopilot , she dialed the number and placed an order for a large mushroom and black olive pizza with extra bell peppers .
tr	PAST	I doubted Colt would have cared , but it wouldn 't be a good feeling .
tr	PAST	We feared he was dead .
tr	PAST	He scrolled down and checked a couple more sites .
tr	PRES	Staying healthy so your body 's defenses have a chance to heal helps , but the biggest power against infection are antibiotics .
tr	PRES	" You assume I am inexpensive . "
tr	PAST	Kathleen inched forward , mentally kicking herself for thoughts that bordered on petty .
tr	PAST	I clutched Jessie 's T-shirt to my breasts .
tr	PRES	" Not to mention his undeniable devotion to Bella .
tr	PAST	Her words floated back to him in a rustle of swishing skirts .
tr	PRES	Jael belongs in here , not you .
tr	PAST	Above that , however , they proceeded in thick , all-encompassing darkness .
tr	PRES	Cooper pushes the phone aside and then takes me by surprise when he roughly spreads my legs apart and steps between them .
tr	PAST	I holstered my gun as I watched Riley and Addie drag Micah 's body into the pile we 'd made .
tr	PRES	I loathe caves . "
tr	PAST	It flicked through the air making a cracking sound .
tr	PRES	" Come on , come on , come on , " he mumbled softly .
tr	PRES	Which brings up another matter .
tr	PAST	She prayed to God it was true .
tr	PRES	Ella stops fussing and lifts up her head to look at my mom .
tr	PRES	Lucy reaches into her handbag and retrieves her phone .
tr	PAST	Tall racks of machine parts and tables topped with electronics were all crammed near one section of the wall .
tr	PAST	He attempted to wrench free , but the man in the rain slicker was as apparently as good with tying knots as any fisherman he resembled .
tr	PAST	Vincenzo singled it out , turned his hand up , asking for hers .
tr	PAST	It flapped its wings and breathed fire over his soldiers .
tr	PRES	We both clap each other 's back .
tr	PRES	His eyes warn me that I should be afraid , but I 'm not .
tr	PAST	He inquired about Summer and Oriole asked after his ex-wife , Carole .
tr	PRES	" As a bullet travels , it pushes the air out of the way , creating a field of turbulent air around the bullet .
tr	PRES	In Uncle Al 's lighthouse .
tr	PRES	That , alone , kills me .
tr	PRES	I rip my hands away and her eyes widen with embarrassment .
tr	PRES	" He sells drugs .
tr	PRES	" As opposed to the one from Sweden ? "
tr	PAST	The doctor washed his hands at the sink while Nora handed the pastor a cup of coffee .
tr	PRES	He lets out a scattered , hesitant breath , refusing to even glance my way .
tr	PAST	Six lifetimes of penance your father served for his treatment of you .
tr	PAST	' He then motioned over all of them .
tr	PRES	The marriage ceremony was solemn , the priest 's words eloquent .
tr	PAST	A padlock secured the gate .
tr	PAST	Chapter Thirteen Savannah floated back home .
tr	PRES	I - " " Assisted living ?
tr	PRES	The next morning at sunrise , everybody snuck out and went to the third floor .
tr	PRES	Dead bodies of wolves lay strewn across the clearing , their fur damp with blood and the sweat that had not yet dried from their bodies .
tr	PAST	Give up , young one , the Arum taunted , rising in the dark sky .
tr	PAST	Jake motioned to Spyder and the two of them returned to the station wagon .
tr	PRES	Hearing Jason 's whistle his metal mouth produces a metallic scrape sound as it forms into a smile .
tr	PAST	It sobered her slightly .
tr	PRES	" Paris visits the club at all hours of the day and night , so women stay there , waiting for him . "
tr	PAST	The other pretended a trip , falling into his arms .
tr	PAST	Nate stares at me in surprise , although he doesn 't get annoyed at my blunt prying .
tr	PRES	" Mother fuck ! "
tr	PRES	" Did you succeed ? "
tr	PAST	Ron preferred to use a head lamp , or sometimes a flashlight , but he spent more money on batteries than on food .
tr	PRES	She hears him running off and then shortly returning .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't , " Liam 's words tumble out of him between heaving breaths .
tr	PAST	she stated , poking him in the chest with her finger .
tr	PAST	A sweet nostalgic song that will follow them into the most secluded corners of the galaxy .
tr	PRES	The door to the garage squeaks open .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his goggles in the bright light .
tr	PRES	Tomorrow we march on Alegria . "
tr	PRES	Charles likes a lot of things , but he loves two things especially , his binoculars and running .
tr	PRES	Softly , he sighs and his cheeks begin to burn .
tr	PRES	" Yes , sir , " I mumbled and hurried to my seat again .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself , then opened the back door .
tr	PRES	" I have to be honest , Janie .
tr	PAST	Stacy 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	She hopped up from her chair for the third time but this time it was to grab her purse .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand .
tr	PRES	The impact throws him off his feet as the collision resembles a stationary baseball meeting a swinging bat .
tr	PRES	We shouldn 't have ... " " Fine .
tr	PAST	Jonas tensed , knowing what was going to happen next .
tr	PRES	He likes to walk around the town .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this place incredible ? "
tr	PRES	Young trees sprout up everywhere , the rapid growth promising to destroy most man-made structures .
tr	PAST	The acrid stench assailed the slave girls ' nostrils and they all began whining and yelling .
tr	PAST	He jabbed his finger and I followed his gaze to where he was pointing .
tr	PRES	If he does , he lets it go for now .
tr	PAST	" Look at me , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	" Some of them exist . "
tr	PRES	She stops and stands by the watermelon rind .
tr	PRES	Picking a tourniquet up off the tray , the doctor proceeds to tie it around my upper arm before pulling it tight .
tr	PAST	Norman flicked the ball bearing into the bowl .
tr	PRES	He throws it around his neck with a triumphant grin .
tr	PRES	Then painfully he hobbled back to the bed .
tr	PRES	' Sleep , my little prince ' she whispered softly as she kissed her son 's sleeping head .
tr	PRES	Even when you are at your most infuriating I still crave to be in your presence . "
tr	PAST	she shrieked but her panties were already at her ankles and he was lifting her up so she repeated , " Callum ! "
tr	PRES	What if Trent hears about this ?
tr	PRES	" Line cutter ! "
tr	PAST	Mitch extracted his phone .
tr	PRES	Victoria holds no day job ; you should be able to find her at home . "
tr	PAST	His hands faithfully washed my body , exploring every curve with tender care .
tr	PAST	The howling answer pierced the darkness , echoing all around , followed by the crashing sounds of animals fleeing .
tr	PAST	My ears perked up .
tr	PAST	But as he swung , his weight immediately transferred over to his right .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed that I was on a boat with you -- " Ruth continued .
tr	PAST	Matt and I skipped out on our Thursday night workout with Scott because he wanted to spend alone time with me to talk .
tr	PRES	He just likes to look through other people 's homes , and he likes to have a woman who isn 't his wife with him .
tr	PRES	She flips through the pages , runs her fingers over a sheet , and then says , " Ah .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me .
tr	PAST	Additional seed corn provided a chance for a second planting , one much larger and ambitious than the first .
tr	PRES	She flips it over .
tr	PAST	Once inside , I attempted to replace the key ring in my purse .
tr	PRES	" You 'll never be my friend again , " Suzy snaps .
tr	PAST	She touches the man 's hand lightly .
tr	PAST	Although Brielle hated that part of her name , she bore quite an uncanny resemblance to her namesake .
tr	PRES	He dreaded going to school today and suffering the deluge of emotional energy imbalances that his peers and teachers suffered .
tr	PRES	" Won 't you , Mistral ? "
tr	PAST	Kane limped forward , ready to go , but Tucker forced the shepherd down with a firm , " STAY . "
tr	PAST	The rest of her hurt , mourned the loss of him .
tr	PRES	It pushes you down a tumultuous path that you feel the need to fight against and it is only natural that you are going to fall . "
tr	PRES	It helps that the windows on this side of the house are barely three feet from the ground ; it 's almost like having my own door .
tr	PRES	" You can use it for more than a second , " I teased .
tr	PAST	My arms circled him .
tr	PRES	One of her eyes opens .
tr	PAST	I sniffed each one , deciding on a light floral scent with notes of rose and peach blossom .
tr	PAST	The crowd exited the building through the west entrance , startling twelve passers-by and one pigeon .
tr	PRES	Boss likes to turn a profit when he can .
tr	PAST	He sneezed from the overdose of pepper and wondered what it was masking .
tr	PAST	I joked , looking away so I wouldn 't be tempted to grab her by the shoulders and kiss her again .
tr	PAST	David ambled over , headlights illuminating the grim slash of his mouth .
tr	PRES	The main criteria for selection amounts to whether the prospect will fit into the overall community .
tr	PAST	Daniel sloshed through the shallow water and stepped into the muddy gap in the embankment .
tr	PAST	Bowing his head , he prayed to get his patience back .
tr	PRES	Daddy pushes his son .
tr	PRES	Veiled in the blue aura of the moonlight mist , a gargantuan temple of grey stone stands among the massive trees .
tr	PAST	I have , on occasion , violated school security to see that particular boyfriend .
tr	PAST	" Hart , you rogue , " Eleanor exclaimed .
tr	PRES	It stands for creation and for new life .
tr	PRES	The doctor folds his hands on his lap .
tr	PRES	The judge removes his glasses and looks at Adel up and down .
tr	PAST	" After the men hunt , they split up the meat .
tr	PRES	My stomach begins to feel full .
tr	PRES	She touches the tiger .
tr	PAST	Jasmine slowly extended her arm .
tr	PAST	McNair trusted her now , and he knew she 'd keep her word to get his family back .
tr	PRES	" Of course , but be careful with ze buttons . "
tr	PAST	Lena artfully awaited Connor a few meters inside the buildings entrance .
tr	PRES	' Well , not every metaphor bears close examination . '
tr	PAST	Bed , three meals a day , and hump provided if necessary .
tr	PAST	The man said this almost in his own defence , Grey sensing he took no pleasure from it .
tr	PRES	Lord Loss throws a cold glance at them .
tr	PRES	He sees how mortified I am .
tr	PAST	" We replaced your statue in the woods with an imitation that Fiona created , in case someone wanders out there . "
tr	PRES	he whispered , his eyes pleading .
tr	PAST	" You won 't get caught , " Spencer reassured her .
tr	PRES	I snap at her with no remorse .
tr	PAST	I collected my bags and walked out of the terminal building , shivering as a blast of cold air hit my skin .
tr	PAST	I padded softly over to the door , being careful not to make any noise .
tr	PRES	Even starving they would share their last crumb with you , you miserable swine . '
tr	PAST	My father grappled with the knowledge that his Alpha command hadn 't taken .
tr	PRES	He shone a light in my eyes , held up the X-rays to examine them and drew in a long breath .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not afraid of men in general , " she explains .
tr	PRES	" Come on , buck up .
tr	PAST	She massaged her temples and flinched at the headache rapidly gaining strength .
tr	PAST	A tightening around Blaine 's lips proved that he wasn 't happy about it at all .
tr	PAST	Jared 's heart skipped a beat and he swallowed hard .
tr	PRES	He twirls about and begins to hover toward the door .
tr	PRES	He holds her with his glittering eye .
tr	PAST	I squealed pulling it out of his mouth with a pop .
tr	PRES	" Another one of those horrid lies .
tr	PAST	Until she sneezed again .
tr	PRES	" And Sam Vimes once arrested a dragon .
tr	PAST	Sibyl feared that wherever Maura was , whatever she was doing , she suffered .
tr	PAST	Unusually for a police officer , he had a gun , its holster and belt strapped smartly around his waist .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head curiously .
tr	PAST	She prayed that she hadn 't lost Allen .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap open as I lower myself down onto her and she gasps .
tr	PRES	He sighs , cover his hand over mine , which is still pressed against his chest .
tr	PRES	The discomfort saliva and grew frantic pace .
tr	PAST	Then he collapsed in his chair and buried his face in his hands .
tr	PAST	" Oh my God , Mom , " I exhaled loudly .
tr	PRES	" Come now , lass .
tr	PRES	He pushes the toe of his shoe into the street dirt and flicks it up .
tr	PRES	" Senator , this is what comes our way , " Uriel explains as he eases his grip .
tr	PRES	It sort of snuck up on me .
tr	PAST	Noelle stifled a small shiver of female longing .
tr	PRES	She holds out the helmet to me , her eyes on mine .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on that instrument tray .
tr	PAST	Master slowly circled around to the back of the table and stood behind Faith .
tr	PRES	Otto likes to intimidate people when he can .
tr	PRES	The engine glides majestically to a halt at the center of the platform .
tr	PAST	With an authority in her voice that I had never heard , she instructed him to enter .
tr	PAST	Daniel cleaned up nicely in a grey suit and dark blue tie .
tr	PRES	I eloquently blurt out .
tr	PRES	Under the newly installed electron microscope . "
tr	PRES	Dad pushes the other security guard with the shaggy hair against the wall and forces his arms behind his back .
tr	PAST	He thanked me and removed his torn t-shirt .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes revealed nothing as he said , " Ah , no , my sweet Tabitha .
tr	PAST	But he distinguished himself with a scruffy beard and longer hair .
tr	PRES	" We 're getting engaged , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled from her throat , and her thin legs clutched tightly around her horse , making it lunge forward .
tr	PAST	Others wobble but stay standing .
tr	PRES	Avoiding his gaze , I summon the strength to finally put the inevitable out there .
tr	PAST	She inhaled and tried to find the scents in the air besides the spicy male soap that filled her nose .
tr	PRES	" Rabbit , " Dare said , lurching forward .
tr	PAST	Her body froze , experiencing a man 's touch for the first time .
tr	PAST	Charlie compared the GPS coordinates to the island terrain .
tr	PRES	" A dastardly bunch . "
tr	PAST	Mom is going to call your mom , " she shrieked again , only that time in an excited even more irritating way .
tr	PAST	George and Bea established residency within the city limits leaving Bella Vista to Michael and his family .
tr	PAST	Steve squinted under the force of the sunlight and shaded his eyes .
tr	PRES	She eyes the bed and approaches it , she climbs down to her knees and looks beneath the bed .
tr	PAST	He prayed more heatedly , hoping by doing so would lessen the pain .
tr	PAST	Jess 's hand snaked out and tugged at Saber , unbalancing her .
tr	PRES	" And what a mouse . "
tr	PRES	Talk soon , " she sings , and hangs up .
tr	PAST	Riddick sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	The muscular islander countered .
tr	PAST	Clary tugged at his sleeve .
tr	PAST	Claire grunted in agreement but it was small consolation .
tr	PAST	I bore Frank two sons , and we had a wonderful life together , but all those years , Frank knew that I never stopped loving Earl .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	His hair wove over his face in the currents .
tr	PAST	" From what you said the other day , the woman treated her horribly . "
tr	PAST	A quick check reassured her that they were all in her size .
tr	PAST	He yawned , still jet-lagged .
tr	PRES	My footsteps echo as I walk to the center of the room .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the photographs inside a folder and handed them off to his agent bodyguard .
tr	PAST	On the other hand , making meds to protect yourself against a biological weapon is a capital offense , " the Captain stated .
tr	PRES	Shane swallowed , and then let his natural confidence wash over him .
tr	PAST	Poseidon grunted , " What is that ? "
tr	PRES	She simply pushes past him , her hand giving his solid abdomen a soft punch on the way in .
tr	PAST	More volunteers erected temporary housing , hammers and saws echoing while dump trucks hauled away debris from fallen structures .
tr	PAST	" Wonder if the head shot was lucky , or from experience , " Hemp pondered .
tr	PAST	She eyed the rows of bottles behind me .
tr	PRES	" Kate loves it at the Burkes ' . "
tr	PAST	Just like before , her body coiled with tension , but he briskly released her before the wave of combustion took hold .
tr	PAST	Sickness coiled in her stomach .
tr	PRES	I crane my neck .
tr	PRES	The fire melts the shackle . "
tr	PRES	I wipe some deodorant on my armpits and then toss it back into the bag .
tr	PAST	Nash 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" Put this on , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Well that 's just rude , " the man frowns .
tr	PAST	Nothing she did warranted you running off and fucking a girl half your age .
tr	PRES	My friend , Marcy , loves to read though . "
tr	PRES	It only states , " A great game in the making . "
tr	PRES	The clock ticks away in morbid slow motion .
tr	PRES	I teach you not to resent your weaknesses .
tr	PAST	Daily he prayed that feeling would come back to his legs and he struggled to raise himself till the perspiration poured down his cheeks .
tr	PRES	She giggles just a little as we break .
tr	PAST	She reported , " This is Ashley Blue , over . "
tr	PRES	Taking my phone out , I text my father to let him know I 'll be riding home with Brent .
tr	PRES	" Save a little for the rest of us , " Frank teased .
tr	PAST	Myles clasped his hands in front of him and leaned forward .
tr	PAST	Excited , she tuned in a station and got back to work .
tr	PRES	" Like giving a human child to wolves to raise .
tr	PAST	My cellphone started playing " secret agent man " , the sound startling me in my attempts at stealth .
tr	PAST	Her eyes lifted to mine ; a small , genuinely amused smile tugged at the corner of her lips .
tr	PRES	Never hesitate once you know you must kill a man .
tr	PAST	Then the opening unzipped and Charles stared out at her .
tr	PRES	They arrived at s red light and Mike paused but then nodded as if willing him self to finish the story .
tr	PRES	Mari 's dark hair falls down her back in a cascade of thick curls .
tr	PAST	Completely forgetting about his wounds he crawled up to the place where the scimitar had lain .
tr	PRES	Seth offers it to Callie a few times , but she shakes her head and declines each offer .
tr	PRES	" Charlotte , " he rasped again , his voice even weaker than before , blood bubbling out of his lips .
tr	PRES	" You were going to soak us , you naughty boy .
tr	PAST	Devon stiffened against her , straightening to his full height as he clung tighter to her .
tr	PAST	Her other friends , each as plump as she was , circled around and tugged on the new cloak , gleefully expecting him to grow into it .
tr	PAST	Fragments of pleasure exploded around her .
tr	PRES	Yes , a part of me senses he 's jealous , but for reasons that I think might be too complex for my simple brain to understand .
tr	PRES	Oh , wel , why fret about tomorrow when tonight was enough to make her weep with joy ?
tr	PRES	Milk definitely tastes better and is also good for health but still I drink this bitter thing because it works for me . "
tr	PRES	" Er , well , thanks , " I mumbled to him .
tr	PRES	Billy Boy misses you like crazy .
tr	PAST	" You 'd best forget it , " Royce urged . "
tr	PAST	Normally , people back home in the Vineyard Grove revered her highly , giving her a regular , every day sense of accomplishment .
tr	PAST	Her mind quit working and she felt her heart skip .
tr	PRES	" We surround ourselves with people that make us comfortable .
tr	PAST	The guard unclipped a phone from his belt .
tr	PRES	" You bin at 'em agen .
tr	PRES	' Home for the holidays , eh ? '
tr	PAST	As quickly as he 'd turned fox , he transformed back into a man .
tr	PRES	I hike my knees up in an effort to launch it off my body , but it 's strong as an ox and hungry as one too .
tr	PAST	The half-time show featured a karate demonstration .
tr	PRES	He half chuckles to himself .
tr	PRES	" And you ruined it . "
tr	PRES	It fills my stomach with butterflies and my palms with sweat .
tr	PAST	said Bill Muir finally catching them up as Lamplighter withdrew a sodden arm and tossed the ball to his friend .
tr	PAST	" Maybe they feared Agnes and Steven wouldn 't give back the money without a strong incentive . "
tr	PRES	He points to the desk , and I walk over .
tr	PAST	The males in the court usually acted like that , jostling and shoving until one of them was pushed to the front and offered as the sacrifice .
tr	PAST	Bruce hollered ignoring his own pain .
tr	PAST	Shocked relief washed over me , taking some of the numbness away .
tr	PAST	Shaking his head at her silliness , he glided casually out of the room .
tr	PAST	Melissa tipped the glass to her mouth .
tr	PAST	Joe cocked his head , raised his eyebrows and looked at Helen with some doubt about her sincerity .
tr	PRES	" Sara , could you get the first aid kit ? "
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PAST	Make sure that they 're not your allies before you apply the H word , " Bear advised .
tr	PRES	The men whipped around to face the doorway .
tr	PRES	She inhales the scent of the rabbit 's works , smells bitter and tart , fierce and demure .
tr	PRES	Ben joins them , looking a bit worse for a night of wear .
tr	PRES	It 's an artifact of power , you idiot .
tr	PAST	His interest flattered her , and she rather liked the fact that he 'd sought her out .
tr	PAST	Gabrielle sensed she had to end this immediately .
tr	PRES	" I do , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Coach Hernandez propped the locker room door open and sat beside Neil .
tr	PRES	It always plays on his birthday .
tr	PRES	Blue Twelve and I shelter from the falling saucer , but Past Prime just nods thoughtfully .
tr	PRES	We all hop in the elevator and Connor pushes the ' S ' button for Storage .
tr	PRES	" Big fish ! "
tr	PRES	" Nobody touches my lines . "
tr	PRES	" My wolves . "
tr	PAST	" Because Mom has volunteered to take the children for the whole day and ... " she paused dramatically , " ... for the whole night .
tr	PAST	But she sensed something else going on .
tr	PAST	He tipped the bottle and took a long drink , then focused on my arms .
tr	PRES	" I want to know who I 'm dealing with , " I shout so she could hear me from the distance between us .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Jenkins ? "
tr	PAST	Once she returned his smile he transferred his gaze to Agnes .
tr	PRES	He sees me standing there and stops moving .
tr	PAST	He squinted at Danny who pointed at the flat screen television .
tr	PRES	" You - " He snaps his fingers in Nevermore 's direction .
tr	PRES	The shifting floor causes me to slide into the nearest seat at one of the other desks .
tr	PAST	Elijah glided backward from the force of his blow , and they collided into a nearby tree .
tr	PAST	Rhi adjusted the sky so that it wasn 't so vibrantly blue and instead was a soft and soothing pink .
tr	PAST	I find Dallas sitting on the couch , her feet propped up on the arm as she scrolls through the screen of her phone .
tr	PRES	You scare me . "
tr	PAST	" It was a necessity , " Vincent countered while he picked up Tim .
tr	PRES	' It always helps me to get off . '
tr	PRES	Ice drips down my spine .
tr	PAST	I 'll make sure to keep her off your back , " he reassured Taylor .
tr	PAST	Breath exploded from his lungs .
tr	PAST	I jiggled at the door knob and found that it was looked .
tr	PAST	Stopping dead , my heart skipped a few beats .
tr	PRES	" TJ , " her secretary Alice intoned , " Mr. Richards on line one . "
tr	PRES	" Like this , " he murmurs , molding my hand into the correct grip .
tr	PRES	Currently , the US houses twenty-five percent of the world 's prison population .
tr	PRES	Give him a couple of those glares you do . "
tr	PRES	He couldn , t begin to explain how his thinking had changed , even when he wasn , t under the power of the transformation .
tr	PRES	But who holds the key ?
tr	PAST	West snuck me out here to the massive " children 's " garage after dinner , claiming a near-death emergency .
tr	PRES	But it bothers me that he has to protect me .
tr	PRES	Looking down she holds out the ugly striped sweater before tossing it back into the store , nailing Michelle in the face with it .
tr	PAST	Gabrielle 's feet jolted into motion .
tr	PRES	Enjoy the Tropical Experience Chamber . "
tr	PRES	But she remains still , her eyes closed , her face peaceful .
tr	PAST	Cayman retreated once again as Roth turned his attention back to me .
tr	PAST	The Templars tensed further at the sight of two more Assassins , the numbers more even now .
tr	PRES	" Abigail , you are ... " " Abby .
tr	PAST	Lola exclaimed in a hushed tone .
tr	PRES	" Originally , yes , but now my father uses one at the other end of the hall for his workout room .
tr	PAST	Kaylie giggled , " More like flaming little fairy . "
tr	PAST	I just dumped a ton of heat and 50L of water in to the air .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in frustration .
tr	PAST	They fantasized that they were just as tough , just before helping with the dinner dishes .
tr	PAST	The scent of honey and beeswax unfolded in the chamber , driving back the odors of stone , decay , and staleness .
tr	PAST	She motioned for me to come with her , but I could not move .
tr	PAST	I marveled how I could hear him , clear as if he were standing next to me .
tr	PAST	It sped away with the bumper hanging to the side .
tr	PAST	She tensed once more , ready to swing as there came a loud rattling of the doorknob at the entrance .
tr	PAST	Reed yawned , feigning boredom .
tr	PRES	" Ha , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Sorrow begins to fill her heart .
tr	PAST	Without putting any thought into what he was about to do , Lucas outstretched his arm , turned his palm upward , and focused .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , sis .
tr	PAST	Secondly , when I opened up to you , I trusted my instincts and you proved me wrong . "
tr	PRES	Earl stares up at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	He already mourned the game they would hunt , the animals who would die so savagely .
tr	PAST	" Well , that 's all I have for you today , " he announced .
tr	PAST	From this inauspicious beginning emerged a singularly successful research program .
tr	PRES	" French cuisine ? "
tr	PAST	Every time I saw something in the distance , I tensed and waited .
tr	PRES	Chase loves to rub Coby 's addiction in everyone 's face . "
tr	PRES	The dog immediately padded out of the room .
tr	PRES	Or , as some would call it , haunting it .
tr	PAST	No idea why he felt obligated to target me in this way ; I couldn 't figure him out at all .
tr	PRES	And then she hears him .
tr	PRES	" Because no one deserves this . "
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to the dead giants sprawled in the elevator .
tr	PAST	He dreamed of her every night , haunting dreams that left him shaken and unfulfilled in the morning .
tr	PAST	His blush deepened and spread across the base of his throat .
tr	PAST	I created you ! "
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the guy ? "
tr	PRES	The twitching of whiskers being his only movement .
tr	PRES	She sighs with relief .
tr	PRES	" Whew , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Instead the girl giggled with glee , seized the tiny horns and pushed the heads away .
tr	PAST	Waiting by his brother 's bed , Monsieur stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	Timothy stands up when he sees the two men approaching him .
tr	PAST	His pace slowed down .
tr	PAST	He massaged the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	Your father absolutely loves it .
tr	PRES	a voice bellows across the crowded room .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me then that he 's breaking the rules , that he can be arrested for what he 's doing .
tr	PRES	" What kind of a grudge ? "
tr	PAST	The questions tormented her , eroding her pride and self-confidence .
tr	PRES	Noah sighs and takes his arm from around my shoulder so he can drop his head in his hands .
tr	PAST	Tara scoffed , " You sound like a long-winded fortune cookie . "
tr	PRES	Fourteen barrels , and only three occupants .
tr	PAST	Juliet balled her hands into fists .
tr	PRES	Then that Cutters boy disappears , just like with Bethany and Dawson .
tr	PAST	" She named us after places she wanted to go .
tr	PAST	Branches slapped against his haphazard armor and snapped off as he accelerated to the fray .
tr	PRES	She flashes me a fleeting , rueful smile .
tr	PRES	And this award , which is neither the last nor the least , recognizes her for single-handedly removing the threat of the controllers . "
tr	PRES	" Mmm hmm . "
tr	PAST	Her smile brightened his whole world and warmed him all the way to his bones .
tr	PRES	Nick just brings me what I need .
tr	PAST	And then a deep chuckle rumbled in his throat as he probably caught on to my subtle implication .
tr	PAST	All around me , people muttered and scowled , and lots of middle fingers jabbed into the air , returning Jax 's sentiment .
tr	PAST	His hands froze on the cabinet door , without turning around he asked .
tr	PAST	He bore his bottom teeth in frustration .
tr	PAST	The magistrate eyed her dubiously but told the guards to let her pass .
tr	PAST	The three of us attempted to keep up with the man .
tr	PAST	He sensed an instability and anxiety within Mark that worried him , and he knew that the boy would snap if pushed too hard .
tr	PRES	Who brings a gun to a funeral ?
tr	PAST	" To your success today , Heath , " Diana toasted .
tr	PAST	His boots filling with mud , he trudged through the courtyard .
tr	PRES	The caves stank of rotting fish and seaweed and he felt his throat tighten , as his stomach threatened to empty .
tr	PRES	" You should make them go , " she snaps .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her hand to get her walking beside him toward the long white limousine .
tr	PAST	A fellow named Kinsey . "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth together , determined that she would be satisfied first .
tr	PAST	He sought her mouth and deepened the kiss .
tr	PAST	He experienced a sudden feeling of affinity for the ship , his enemy .
tr	PAST	Then two mech birds emerged from their hiding place between the cab and trailer and fluttered up before him .
tr	PRES	The door opens just as I reach for it .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on it for a moment before roving over the rest of the beach .
tr	PAST	The mixture of the two fluids transformed into little black snakes , which slithered away behind her .
tr	PRES	She always tries her best to be obedient .
tr	PRES	The sun streams in from the balcony , making me see spots , but I don 't look away .
tr	PRES	No one blames you for them . "
tr	PRES	He already sees me .
tr	PRES	My mother lets out a held breath .
tr	PAST	An occasional tiny flake still floated down , adding to the powder snow that made Mount Bachelor a world-renowned destination ski resort .
tr	PAST	Her head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	Tasha enfolded the blonde-haired girl in her arms and rocked her soothingly back and forth .
tr	PRES	Daniels scoots toward his son .
tr	PAST	Her backpack bounced on her shoulders as she hurried .
tr	PRES	My heart bangs against my chest .
tr	PAST	" This is the Lord , fellows , " he announced simply .
tr	PAST	Her badge identified her as Officer Granger , but that name didn 't seem any more natural than her recently enhanced curves .
tr	PRES	This woman holds the key to the future , Colton , and we need that key ! "
tr	PRES	" He tends to talk to himself a bit when he 's deep in thought . "
tr	PAST	Jane replaced the coffee carafe .
tr	PRES	The scorn I knew so well .
tr	PAST	The propellers shattered and the fuselage folded in on itself .
tr	PRES	As we climb down the stairs , Bruno passes us , heading back into the main room .
tr	PRES	Yet something else shone through in the old man 's eyes -- wisdom .
tr	PRES	Each time Dani says the word , she toes up another spray of dirt .
tr	PRES	" ' Very well , " she mumbled , and they headed for their rooms .
tr	PAST	" Paranoid , " Fes sniffed and went back to his accounts .
tr	PAST	After feeling ecstatic since the moment I awoke , this sudden realization that all might go awry weighted me down horribly .
tr	PAST	When night fell , too fast , too soon , she secured the door before repeating her nighttime ritual with Eamon .
tr	PAST	His breath announced him an instant before he grabbed her arm and tried to draw her close .
tr	PAST	" He 'll be okay , " I reassured him , and Deacon nodded , exhaling softly .
tr	PAST	Anyone who supported the Bane ?
tr	PAST	" She elbowed me in the ribs before she turned once again to the horizon , her expression becoming serious once again .
tr	PRES	A golden one , some humans call us , because our hair , skin , and eyes resemble liquid gold .
tr	PAST	" Someone soaked it with gas and lit a match .
tr	PRES	" You belong now .
tr	PAST	" Blake , I 'll explain mermaid anatomy later ! "
tr	PRES	Chapter 4 The Red Screw Ah , that clears it up then .
tr	PAST	The man already calculated his chances with her .
tr	PAST	Danica presses all the buttons as we exit the lift .
tr	PAST	Not real useful on a cloudy , rainy day , she reflected , but they certainly added a note of menacing drama .
tr	PRES	I crouch lower ready to do battle .
tr	PAST	She acted as if she felt almost as responsible to him as she did to her kids .
tr	PAST	After raising an inquiring eyebrow at me , he fetched us two more beers .
tr	PAST	Conflicting thoughts swirled around my head .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands up near her temples and shudders .
tr	PAST	Doreen sensed he may be ready to participate in a normal conversation and dipped her toe in the verbal pool .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled as I stood .
tr	PAST	Tavi eyed him and found himself smiling .
tr	PRES	" This affects people and animals here as well ?
tr	PAST	She dared a glance through the enormous doors back into the dining hall .
tr	PRES	But his words , although sweet , stung me .
tr	PAST	I propped myself up on my elbow , taking my arm back so I could concentrate .
tr	PRES	Kind of hard to go to a fancy restaurant when you 've got warrants out for your arrest .
tr	PAST	And having arrived at it , he acted with typical speed and resolve .
tr	PRES	He stops laughing then leans over the dirt grave .
tr	PAST	Evangeline 's delicate human scent lingered everywhere .
tr	PRES	You assume a just God and therefore speculate that in the end all will work out for the best .
tr	PRES	A damned shame that Viper had a point .
tr	PAST	It zigzagged desperately back and forth , snuffling .
tr	PRES	Little get-togethers like this help feed the illusion and they talk about how things are , how they should be .
tr	PRES	Together they healed her .
tr	PRES	We preach Christ crucified as the way to heaven is the defining doctrine . "
tr	PRES	Zach comments and I almost retort that I would rather have a new doctor than continue with him .
tr	PAST	" Vaughn , " she said sleepily , then yawned .
tr	PAST	" There 's no heartbeat , " she exclaimed , now understanding what I 'd been trying to tel her .
tr	PRES	" Sir Rufus . "
tr	PAST	An unexplainable feeling of peace washed over me as I closed my eyes .
tr	PAST	He swiped one long talon at the nearest wall , digging a trough through stone as though cutting butter with a cleaver .
tr	PAST	" First answer my question , " she urged .
tr	PAST	I endured his teasing , though , knowing I 'd find some way to pay him back .
tr	PRES	" You goin ' to do this every damn time I strip ?
tr	PRES	She forgave me . "
tr	PAST	" Lift your top for me , " Debbie instructed .
tr	PRES	He gazes at me for a long moment before he smiles .
tr	PRES	You crash my first vacation in years and you have requirements ? "
tr	PAST	Clary exhaled , her breath floating white on the winter air .
tr	PAST	He emerged again , this time with a weapon that he leveled at Jace and the other man who was trying to save Lynn .
tr	PAST	Sis ' Shirley pipes from the backseat .
tr	PAST	His mind sensed the primitive unsung music , like a beat he might have studied that derived from Africa or early America , even Asia .
tr	PRES	From their past together to the part where he 's a handler ; a filthy liar .
tr	PAST	I panicked , thinking I was in trouble , that they had caught me , until I remembered that this was a good thing .
tr	PRES	Moro frowns with fury .
tr	PAST	" Arum , " Blake accused , voice low .
tr	PAST	So in June , we toasted Judy Garland and Dorothy Sayers .
tr	PAST	Nine grunted in pleasure .
tr	PAST	Four books on the supernatural bore her name on the cover .
tr	PAST	Betsy mumbled good night and left the room .
tr	PRES	He likes it too much . "
tr	PAST	Stu slapped the back of one hand into the palm of his other .
tr	PAST	A bittersweet sense circled his soul .
tr	PRES	Gage wraps his arm around me as we head to first .
tr	PRES	" I crave a good cigar . "
tr	PRES	Realization dawns , and I shove at him so he has no choice but to roll over on his side next to me .
tr	PRES	" I see you 're still feisty , " he mumbled , but continued .
tr	PRES	Danica almost falls off the dragon but I catch her just in time .
tr	PRES	A few drops of beer cascade off her onto the bench .
tr	PRES	When Abe comes to stand in front of me , he reaches out .
tr	PRES	I crane my neck to see the windows above street level .
tr	PAST	She smacked my arm and started to laugh .
tr	PAST	Melissa tipped her head back into the air , and nodded .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , grasping her shoulders and pulling her to his chest , crushing her there in gratitude that she wasn 't the one sobbing , frightened .
tr	PRES	When she awoke , he said only , " Prepare for the day but break the fast not . "
tr	PAST	Damn , those things cost a fortune .
tr	PAST	Soon , he inhaled sharply as he came .
tr	PRES	He stops long enough to bring his nose to a treaded print , scenting rubber , dirt , and leather .
tr	PRES	Will tries to hold me back , but I pull away , so he follows .
tr	PRES	He pushes my head up till I 'm looking him in the eyes .
tr	PAST	Faster than thought , graceful as a lioness , she countered every move he made .
tr	PAST	Fear pricked at the back of his neck .
tr	PRES	Marie stands up and proposes the same toast again , and again all cheer .
tr	PAST	The symbol glowed in the flames .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the light .
tr	PAST	" Wow , you 're here early , " she exclaimed , shrugging out of her coat and unwrapping her scarf .
tr	PRES	Eros holds up his flower chain , a mismatch of colorful blossoms .
tr	PAST	" Or a stuffed animal .
tr	PRES	Tammie glances quickly at the door , halfway expecting her mother or grandmother to walk in at any moment .
tr	PRES	" Grab her , Mitch .
tr	PRES	Horus replied in a whispering voice , the hissed whispers she had heard in her dream .
tr	PRES	" Did a messenger arrive ? "
tr	PRES	Somewhere in between , lies .
tr	PRES	The small muscles in June 's upper body bulge as she wields the wooden sword and takes several practice swings .
tr	PRES	Have you proof ? '
tr	PAST	It never ceased to amaze her how ridiculous they could be .
tr	PRES	Rian glances at Rob 's unconscious body and waves a hand toward him .
tr	PRES	She sees beyond that handsome face of yours .
tr	PRES	Then I fold another piece up to make a soft round pad .
tr	PAST	Jim 's face brightened .
tr	PRES	" And you witches ponder these things ? "
tr	PAST	The woman and the panel emerged , and the test started again .
tr	PAST	The teenager wriggled into it and twirled , to show us how it looked on her , delighted by the gift .
tr	PAST	The sound bounced and ricocheted off high walls of concrete and glass .
tr	PRES	A nod , a smile , and he padded off .
tr	PRES	She eases the car forward before picking up speed .
tr	PAST	The world immediately tipped , and she instinctively dropped the pot to grab for the counter and keep her balance .
tr	PRES	Let 's celebrate . "
tr	PRES	Natural causes , apparently . "
tr	PAST	It cringed away from me , holding completely still .
tr	PAST	Janelle scooted away from the window .
tr	PAST	The same snap of his fingers that had wrought the instantaneous change in the color palette also urged her to turn around .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " whispers the wind down the river .
tr	PAST	Simone readjusted herself and sat upright on the awkward seat , facing the control panels .
tr	PRES	Debbie begins chattering the moment he is out of earshot .
tr	PAST	But Benny 's face required I build up a bit of courage before speaking .
tr	PAST	Pulling away from Henry , Calliope eyed me with distaste .
tr	PAST	A chill snaked down my spine .
tr	PAST	I interpreted his silence as dejection .
tr	PAST	Sonia 's body jolted and her head jerked back .
tr	PRES	' Blood drips from an injury .
tr	PAST	I pretended to sleep , and then I did sleep .
tr	PRES	Stepping inside , we paused , dumbstruck .
tr	PRES	" If you really , truly love me , Bella . "
tr	PRES	The room fills with steam and condensation builds up behind my mask , but I don 't take it off .
tr	PRES	May the earth and water dragon bless his name and give strength and wisdom to his son , Richard . "
tr	PAST	He sensed he was at the right place , although all the houses in the street were similar .
tr	PAST	Even more , I sensed that I had kept it livable .
tr	PRES	Having more than one person here helps with information gathering .
tr	PAST	He trusted her and she had every reason to trust him .
tr	PAST	Sunny turned to step from one level of the dock to the next , her face tipped toward Misty for the first time .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Madam . "
tr	PRES	" The underground Lair of the Weaver stretches deep .
tr	PRES	" Same type of files , " Tammy mumbled to herself .
tr	PRES	He arches an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	" At the moment , I suggest you do nothing , " Pratt stated .
tr	PRES	" The embroidery on your jacket , " she points out .
tr	PRES	She sighs , mildly annoyed .
tr	PRES	Could we purchase them ? "
tr	PRES	And this place stank .
tr	PRES	Says he can 't pay attention to musicology while staring at me .
tr	PRES	He uses psychology on me like Greg does all the time .
tr	PAST	But I cleaned and tended the wounds the best I could .
tr	PRES	" Besides , everyone loves your boyfriend .
tr	PRES	" About what , sweetheart ? "
tr	PRES	I slink out the door .
tr	PRES	Quickly cutting him off , Link holds up a hand before crouching down to listen to the ninja 's final words .
tr	PAST	The light swooped to the left where a shed creaked , weeds trying to bring it to the ground below .
tr	PRES	Later I straddle him and he wraps his hands around my waist and we kiss and kiss , only thin cotton separating us .
tr	PAST	The quaintly old-fashioned chivalry tickled her whimsy .
tr	PAST	Aden dove for him , knocking him down , away from the body and the blood .
tr	PRES	" Just a second Marty -- " He dialed the volume down .
tr	PRES	" All right you bunch of hippies .
tr	PRES	Anxiety and depression returns , now to a whole new level and without the benefit of chemical balance .
tr	PAST	Then , things exploded .
tr	PAST	He crouched down in front of me , my feet between his legs .
tr	PRES	" Yeah right , " Jack comments .
tr	PRES	Carrie clears her throat .
tr	PRES	" That 's odd , " mumbled Jack to himself , rubbing his chin in thought .
tr	PRES	A smile tries to form on my lips but doesn 't quite make it .
tr	PRES	He sighs and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth .
tr	PAST	" I am concussed , " I announced , entirely sure of my self-diagnosis .
tr	PRES	" Helping ye to undress , son . "
tr	PAST	Together , they charged into the damp air lock .
tr	PAST	They sprouted from the walls and ceiling on narrow mounts , like rectangular electronic flowers blooming among vines of cables .
tr	PRES	" At this rate ? "
tr	PRES	" Push an amp of atropine .
tr	PAST	Warren 's face brightened even more as a large smile graced his pink lips .
tr	PRES	" Nothing garish , of course . "
tr	PAST	the research team leader exclaimed .
tr	PRES	But if I don 't think I can handle it - " " You have to work it , Chloe .
tr	PRES	A coffee or some lemonade ?
tr	PAST	" The honour 's all yours boys , I merely tidied up the crumbs . "
tr	PAST	She had her relaxed , happy color , the true dove gray that he loved beyond any other color .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" This Three Moons Night . "
tr	PRES	Her eyes shine in a different way when she 's trying not to cry .
tr	PAST	The king 's robe floated in the soft breeze .
tr	PRES	' Oh Elle . '
tr	PAST	I exhaled noisily , flopping back into my pillows .
tr	PAST	I couldn 't help myself , " she giggled .
tr	PAST	Joey slapped the steering wheel in frustration that he had missed a traffic light and now would have to wait .
tr	PAST	The entire city destroyed ?
tr	PRES	He kills people to free them from the Core , so their souls become free .
tr	PAST	" Is he going to have a problem with you inviting a stranger onboard ? "
tr	PAST	He shuffled closer to her .
tr	PRES	' He 's dead , Chloe .
tr	PAST	He doubted he could even feed himself at this point .
tr	PAST	" Tell him , " she reiterated , her lips curving into a slow and eerie smile .
tr	PRES	He whispers something to her , something about cleaning herself .
tr	PRES	' You borrow my gear without a word of thanks ; then , you pull a stunt like that . '
tr	PRES	" I assume that your electric ignition switches , starter switches , and fuel pumps are all original -- what , 1970s ? "
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	The rest of his group retreated to the west , their loud calling sounding like the croaks of giant frogs .
tr	PAST	Even as he felt the last vestiges of himself begin to slip away , a single image floated through the chaos and solidified before his eyes .
tr	PAST	She wriggled , making Simon lift up while she lowered her jeans and panties enough to kick them off her legs .
tr	PAST	He stowed the camera away and took my hand as we headed into town .
tr	PRES	Who dares to summon me ?
tr	PRES	I add , trying not to sound too downhearted .
tr	PRES	" That sums it up . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore into mine and I hold my breath , waiting to see which side will win .
tr	PAST	Another rift of light chiseled into the blood-red gem in my chest .
tr	PRES	" I 'm waiting for someone , " the young woman mumbled .
tr	PAST	He visited the library in town and talked to the librarian about his trip .
tr	PRES	Finally , I contented myself with tidying up .
tr	PAST	He slapped the tent flaps closed and strode back to the fire .
tr	PRES	" You miserable , rotten bastard ! "
tr	PRES	I scratch a cut across the star on my wrist , whispering good-bye forever .
tr	PRES	As I utter the words , Dion pushes me away with disgust .
tr	PAST	He crouched down in the darkness .
tr	PAST	Stella tugged at her hair .
tr	PAST	Guy grunted beneath his breath and took a look around .
tr	PAST	Now , " I stated .
tr	PAST	Richard exclaimed , " You 're home early . "
tr	PRES	The kitten begins to lap at the cheese , licking it up while the rat sits quietly .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in her lap and stared straight ahead .
tr	PAST	She motioned with one gloved hand to the top of the Tower where her stocking floated .
tr	PRES	And then the water begins to drain a gulp at a time .
tr	PRES	This helps them prepare for future attacks .
tr	PAST	He eluded it by bending himself downward .
tr	PAST	Warming , the hotelier instructed the boy Asif to prepare two rooms .
tr	PRES	" I loathe surprises ! "
tr	PRES	He reaches the table and places his food down before slipping into the chair directly opposite the new guy .
tr	PAST	He hooked a forearm on his knee , shook his head and laughed harder .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side , waiting .
tr	PAST	Grace 's heart sped up .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	They smashed her sword arm to the floor , and something slammed into the side of her head with a flash of nauseating pain .
tr	PRES	" What kind of traits ? "
tr	PAST	Haruki announced that he had to get up early for work .
tr	PAST	Each woman described the men in slightly different ways , although Alix seemed reluctant to discuss the matter .
tr	PRES	His word carries weight Mia .
tr	PRES	I race up the stairs .
tr	PRES	" Good , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	She deserves better than me as I 'm not the man she thinks I am .
tr	PAST	As soon as she let go , John slapped her arm away and moved down the wall from Maya .
tr	PRES	All she saw , was two mighty warriors , in a battle to the death , her eyes shone with battle fever .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , " I mutter , knowing he 's right but pissed that I have to leave Chloe for any length of time .
tr	PRES	If she 'll hate me when she sees me . "
tr	PRES	" To an extent .
tr	PRES	He pushes out a breath .
tr	PRES	" It opens in the front . "
tr	PRES	" He knows what he 's doing , " he mumbled and lit the cigarette , dragging on it .
tr	PRES	" What better way to teach your brother to work within the system ? "
tr	PRES	' Oh lover , fuck me .
tr	PAST	The woman giggled and said to Trevor , " We 're newlyweds . "
tr	PAST	Building Block Boy flung the empty cup to the floor and walked to the middle of the room , dribbles of brown liquid marking its path .
tr	PRES	She talks a great deal , but she doesn 't really fall for anyone .
tr	PAST	She reclined on her sleeping pad , putting both hands on her abdomen , and closing her eyes .
tr	PRES	She mumbled , " Thank you , " and placed the gift gingerly on her lap .
tr	PAST	Weary walkers trudged the last few kilometres to their bus , longing for a hot bath or at least somewhere to sit .
tr	PRES	The lighthouse door opens as we approach and a women appears in the doorway .
tr	PAST	It required technical climbing and strength on my part to keep up with the three young men who were helping me .
tr	PRES	In front of us , the doors of the conversion van swing open and three men jump out .
tr	PRES	" To fish . "
tr	PRES	It disappears after a few metres but I follow it to where it might have gone .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PAST	" You and the rest of the men go down to the village tavern for a drink , William , " he instructed grimly .
tr	PRES	' In cream , for preference .
tr	PAST	His large lips set in a straight line and his charcoal black eyes bore into Brian 's menacingly , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	' Strip poker ? '
tr	PRES	" So Barret , aside from killing Briar , what 's really on your mind ? "
tr	PRES	Says I 'll be fine . "
tr	PRES	The heroine returns to drive the villain insane .
tr	PAST	It smoked for a moment and then once more lowered its cigar .
tr	PRES	' Face it , Agnes .
tr	PAST	She screwed her face up thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	" I will lead your men to battle and you will win , " Saul stated , categorically .
tr	PRES	" I assume you mean the temperature . "
tr	PRES	He pins the button to his own outfit , this fabulous black peacoat that makes him look very European , indeed .
tr	PAST	He stated as if she should have known , and she should have if she had been with the team from the get go .
tr	PRES	Abby enters my room and handles a picture of me and my brothers .
tr	PRES	But I substitute scorn .
tr	PRES	What if everyone suffers , including those we become involved with ?
tr	PRES	Andrew rises quickly with me in his arms and climbs out of the three foot deep hole which was once our perennial garden .
tr	PAST	They prayed for the Lord to take her on if she could not be healed before she reached the fourth stage .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head down , his breath warming my skin .
tr	PRES	The atmosphere permeating the town affects the passengers , who fall into a stony silence .
tr	PRES	My body ripples in response .
tr	PAST	She stiffened but the gentle fingers moved down to stroke the sensitive bud between her legs , making her bones liquefy , making her moan .
tr	PAST	" God , no , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	The new growth combined with the old dead wood created an odd effect .
tr	PAST	Then angrily ... I slapped him .
tr	PRES	" The prayer shawl ? "
tr	PAST	I imagine her to have your smile and my keen sense of fashion , " he joked .
tr	PRES	Can you sing me a song ? "
tr	PAST	He pretended to feel it .
tr	PAST	The programmer flicked the console buttons rapidly .
tr	PAST	Strange lights glowed like fireflies along the coast and above the small cliffs and outcrops of rocks .
tr	PAST	" Say ye are mine , love , " he urged , thrusting deep with each word .
tr	PAST	He supported my weight , helping me walk .
tr	PAST	His smile brightened , and it made me remember why I had once loved him above all others .
tr	PAST	The lights soon dimmed , and she found herself in quite an interesting position .
tr	PRES	" I 'll see you later , " she mumbled , and before Aria could compose herself , Emily was biking furiously away .
tr	PRES	On my opposite side , Rowan chuckles and then pets my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" The world is full of idiotic ideas that should 've been thrown away a long time ago , " my aunt announces .
tr	PRES	Foster senses my hesitation .
tr	PRES	" Lightweight , " he teased .
tr	PRES	By using already formed molecules , it allows me to neatly sidestep the question of whether they could build a living organism .
tr	PAST	The man eyed Jeff 's sling .
tr	PRES	" This explains everything . "
tr	PRES	Still , approaching the trees , I soar with confidence knowing an air demon is about to meet its ends at my hands .
tr	PAST	His eyes emaciated because of the sunlight .
tr	PRES	And way out of my price range .
tr	PRES	" Your toes ? "
tr	PRES	The Black Jester remains still and silent , but the Red and Blue Jesters are visibly anxious .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze for long seconds , then shoves his hands into his pockets and turns away .
tr	PRES	[ He flashes that effervescent smile in Emily 's direction ] Isn 't it Emily my love ?
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , doing my best not to lose my shit .
tr	PAST	Punching in the phone number , Garrett steered his car down the 405 freeway and waited for what seemed forever for Alex to answer the damn phone .
tr	PRES	" Modesty belongs to losers .
tr	PAST	Miss Hilary tugged hard on Donna 's arm once again .
tr	PAST	I lied and told her it was fine , and that now it was just a painful memory .
tr	PAST	The words slurred , but I talked on .
tr	PAST	" He healed fast enough after the gunshot .
tr	PAST	He turned his face to kiss her wrist , then nuzzled the throbbing pulse until her heart rate spiked .
tr	PRES	I recall my trips down the wooded areas near my home , in my backyard , if one can call it that , where there are many .
tr	PAST	With a quick gesture , he signalled the girl behind the bar to bring more drinks .
tr	PAST	Mr. Fuego announced that the winning project will be revealed after recess time .
tr	PRES	" Roll up your sleeve , Alec . "
tr	PAST	She slapped my butt and we grabbed our coats .
tr	PRES	" Nan hates her .
tr	PAST	Trisha flagged down the harried salesman , asking for another pair of shoes to try on .
tr	PAST	He stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	He shuffled his feet .
tr	PAST	He anchors his pike axe , the safety cord , and climbing shoes onto the vertical bedrock , staring at me .
tr	PAST	Seeing the landmark lightened her spirit , but the uneasiness she had experienced back at the clearing had not left .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " he snaps , and leaves the room .
tr	PRES	He lies in wait and , hungry or not , kills anything that comes near .
tr	PAST	He slowed his step , mesmerised with near morbid fascination at the striking reminiscence of his nightmares .
tr	PAST	She dumped out the rotting food then made her way toward the grocery store .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " I grumble .
tr	PAST	I tugged my long black hair back into its customary ponytail and slipped into a pair of soft leather flats .
tr	PRES	He hears drums beating .
tr	PRES	" Goodness gracious ! "
tr	PAST	A tiny TV hung in the air , delicately supported by a thin and shiny metal pole .
tr	PRES	She stands there a long while , just the two of them looking at each other , before she speaks .
tr	PRES	As if in answer , Ashton slides one finger in slowly .
tr	PAST	" Fine , I 'd be happy to go , " she lied .
tr	PRES	It brings to mind a tale I once heard ; The Roman Senate spent weeks debating on how many teeth had a horse .
tr	PRES	He remembers looking down and the paper now being slid back into the desk .
tr	PRES	The wolf glares at her .
tr	PRES	Another shriek ripples the air .
tr	PRES	" Now you crave the worship of your people .
tr	PAST	Jason yawned loudly , but Rich ignored his brother 's broad hint .
tr	PRES	She frowns and tries apologizing .
tr	PAST	I dove in deeper and finally found it in something that looked like a glass display case with a mirrored back .
tr	PRES	" All them doctors and priests .
tr	PRES	Newton snuck a peek over her shoulder and agreed .
tr	PAST	" What you did , it destroyed her .
tr	PAST	All day Saturday , she cleaned her house in order to get her mind off her work situation .
tr	PAST	It bore the letters G and A on the face , intertwined .
tr	PRES	It belongs to our world , not an imaginary one .
tr	PAST	And you once lectured me about our responsibilities .
tr	PAST	" I 'm on my way , " Charles stated and pressed the switch hook for a new dial tone .
tr	PAST	Cheyenne relayed the memory .
tr	PRES	Whenever I am most stressed , the Lord plays this game with me that lets me know he is paying attention to my situation .
tr	PAST	With a final farewell , he exited Row 13 , House 12 , and greeted the cold world .
tr	PAST	I doubted that he ever really gotten over that pain .
tr	PAST	Distrust mingled with horror .
tr	PAST	He skipped around the tea table , jubilant .
tr	PRES	He snorts and the sound echoes in the dead air between us .
tr	PRES	" Not too late to change your mind , Mia . "
tr	PAST	He executed maniacal immortals and ordinary humans alike .
tr	PRES	" Oh my God , " she hisses a whisper to a girl standing in the doorway of the room next to ours .
tr	PAST	Sleep had eluded Vaughn Kyle all night .
tr	PAST	Giving in , she exhaled the stale air held in her lungs .
tr	PAST	I almost matched my genie sigh for sigh .
tr	PRES	I volunteer , " I think it is nutrients . "
tr	PAST	" You 're coming with us , " the werewolf spouted out .
tr	PRES	" Jax , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He shuffled gingerly in front of the bench to the witness stand , where the deputy assisted him in having a seat .
tr	PAST	A group of them shuffled together towards Steve , and I realized that by ' many of us ' he meant every single vampire except for Connor .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat at the thought of it , as I watched her close the door .
tr	PRES	Instantly , Hana 's face begins to redden .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes as the sun peeked out from behind the leaves , my head beginning to droop to one side .
tr	PAST	That sentiment probably extended to her whole family , except Tug , who gave him quite a bit of tree work .
tr	PAST	He hastily stripped a radio from a dead soldier 's back and handed it to me .
tr	PAST	The tree vibrated with the small thud of a boy no more than fifteen landing in a crouch next to Markham .
tr	PAST	Song slowed and turned toward Echo .
tr	PRES	" Come on , bracelets !
tr	PAST	His iron grip retracted , and my body fell to the rotting soil .
tr	PRES	Did it even occur to you to ask me ? "
tr	PAST	I eyed him warily , despite the romantic scene .
tr	PRES	Ares wraps his arm around my shoulders , every trace of his earlier wrath gone .
tr	PRES	" What about Tory ? "
tr	PAST	" When you wouldn 't believe Aimee had been kidnapped , I stole into your office to find out where Peyton lived . "
tr	PRES	Amelia loves you and she 'll come around . "
tr	PAST	he rasped , listening to round after round being fired .
tr	PAST	Elise scooted him out .
tr	PRES	Kate hooks her thumbs through her belt loops and grins at us .
tr	PRES	He winks with a bow .
tr	PAST	Allie 's glass on the wall , faintly clouded and distorted , reflected the room .
tr	PAST	Then he flicked his tongue back and forth across the other while I watched in agonized pleasure .
tr	PRES	Trajan roars among the meeting with the Elders and his Right Hand , Natasa .
tr	PRES	Memories greater than I can even have imagined . "
tr	PRES	" King only brings people he trusts here . "
tr	PAST	I tugged him down on top of me .
tr	PAST	Silk squinted toward the door of the tent , beyond which the guards were posted .
tr	PAST	Justus collapsed to the ground , his back aching , blood trickling down from his forehead .
tr	PAST	The Sentinels destroyed the two drones and continued their approach .
tr	PRES	Nora glances up at me .
tr	PRES	" That opens it . "
tr	PAST	White gates extended upward into clouds farther than he could see .
tr	PAST	" I 'm OK , " he mumbled , getting to his feet .
tr	PAST	Before it returned to the depths of the unknown to do whatever it was that it did , it unleashed a freezing breath at Mike .
tr	PRES	A door across the room opens , and in walk two lean silhouettes .
tr	PRES	A distant clank , clank , clank sounded from below .
tr	PAST	He clasped both of her hands between his .
tr	PRES	Damn , that bitch and her mood swing .
tr	PAST	Sam charged at David , grabbing him by the collar of his sweater .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through her bag and held up two bottles of hair dye .
tr	PAST	He motioned to her plate .
tr	PRES	Chapter 32 I walked between Vlad and Maximus down the narrow stone staircase .
tr	PRES	Orion glances behind him at the planet and sighs .
tr	PRES	Nan , scrambling out after me , raises her head , sees us , stops dead .
tr	PRES	Excitement shone in her eyes , and lit up her face in a sheer mockery of joy .
tr	PRES	The roar went up again , a thunderous shout that covered the subliminal message Dominic sent into the conclave .
tr	PRES	A blue light flicks on from one of her eyes , casting a miner 's helmet beam into my face .
tr	PAST	The butler eyed it momentarily , then shook his head .
tr	PAST	I chattered nonstop , talking about anything and everything .
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PRES	Hundreds of people moved together in varying directions , streams intersecting and merging like real traffic , and I squinted upward in hopes of gaining my bearings .
tr	PAST	After the girls walked past with their guard and the woman named Patty , Collin and Lily exited the store and followed the group at a distance .
tr	PAST	When I was done , I rinsed my mouth out and splashed cold water over my face .
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PAST	Josh 's teeth chattered .
tr	PAST	A sound like sizzling grease accompanied the scoring bolt .
tr	PRES	" Did you decorate this place ? "
tr	PAST	" This is our eternity , " he stated , his voice rough with sleep and her eyes got wider .
tr	PRES	In my lap my phone buzzes with another message .
tr	PRES	Andrew grasps my hand .
tr	PRES	The awkward pause returns full force , but this time there 's no music to break the silence .
tr	PAST	Sleep eluded me , and I suffered from its lack .
tr	PRES	" Seven hundred and fifty dollars , going once , going twice , going - " " Eight hundred dollars , " Olivia shouted , startling Grace .
tr	PRES	He joins in with a soft chuckle .
tr	PRES	Pen pushes away from the window , a look of disgust curling her lips .
tr	PAST	Rowan produced another apple and tossed it at me .
tr	PRES	Mr. Yellow pushes himself back into his chair as far as he can go .
tr	PAST	Adam sped into the courtyard .
tr	PRES	I hiss , gripping onto his hand .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , if we do this openly , it draws the teeth of the conspiracy theorists . "
tr	PAST	She wept until her shoulders shook .
tr	PAST	Hm ... " He presses his lips in mock suspicion .
tr	PRES	Jase slides my bra off , whispering , " You have the softest skin .
tr	PRES	Ever now and then gunfire bursts out , sometimes far away , sometimes from the bottom of the garden .
tr	PRES	A very bumpy sea , I amend , as a jarring thud rattles my entire body .
tr	PAST	Titus ' fingers threaded through hers and she felt instantly at ease .
tr	PRES	He deserves ... someone who shares his ideals .
tr	PRES	He stands so close his breath cuts at the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	Can 't you at least untie my hands ? "
tr	PAST	Then he smacked Tonk Fah on the back of the head .
tr	PAST	I often saluted the wrong people , found the heavy wool uniform tiresome to march in , and asked far too many questions to the instructors .
tr	PRES	Early morning sun streams in from between the cracks in the walls and the air is chilly enough to see my breath .
tr	PRES	" Good lord , it smells of ... " " Humans . "
tr	PAST	Reggie squinted , although his eyes were mostly hidden in shadows .
tr	PAST	I received this communiqué yesterday from Boise .
tr	PAST	" You 're hungry , love , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	Today though , he just zipped his laptop bag and stormed out of office .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " I hiss .
tr	PRES	" She 's fine , by the way , " I snap .
tr	PRES	" It 's practically tomorrow , " Willem murmurs .
tr	PRES	Madame Fournier holds up an iPad .
tr	PAST	I stifled a snort .
tr	PAST	Although it all felt right and in place , something bothered him .
tr	PRES	Then a chilling thought occurs to me .
tr	PAST	Stefan eyed them warily .
tr	PAST	' Okay , greetings are over , ' Mendoza grunted .
tr	PAST	The strangling grip of the revenant prevented him from breathing .
tr	PRES	There he sees himself , the white eyes staring back at him and the horror that his costumed image conveys .
tr	PRES	Junie uses the rock face to steady herself and keeps her head down like I told her too .
tr	PRES	She lets out a breathy moan .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted on the bed .
tr	PAST	His mouth lingered on mine , and then I pul ed away , knowing Claire was anxiously waiting .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked Emily 's eyes .
tr	PAST	Either you lied to me or you changed your mind .
tr	PAST	" Now departing in Stall Three , Greyhound 459 to Las Vegas , " the ticket taker 's bored , nasal voice boomed .
tr	PAST	People with money abandoned all sorts of things .
tr	PRES	It 's all lies anyway , and we both know it . "
tr	PRES	The action causes him to move inside me and my body reflexively squeezes , drawing him even further in .
tr	PAST	I just received the post this morning from my valet .
tr	PRES	Sean pushes the door open and holds it for me .
tr	PAST	He looks intimidating , his dark beady eyes baring down on us without so much as a smile .
tr	PRES	We only have swords .
tr	PAST	She eyed him warily , doubt and hope and timid belief flashed across her features as fleetingly as shooting stars .
tr	PAST	the little man reported .
tr	PAST	I regarded Ian with a frown .
tr	PAST	This saddened Jake who had experienced many highs and lows watching the local team .
tr	PAST	" When you weren 't in the bed I panicked .
tr	PAST	Then he abandoned the tweezers and quickly reached for a thick wad of gauze , pressing into my scalp .
tr	PRES	Prob ' bly twelve , fifteen miles if you take the Lobo .
tr	PAST	The window shattered from the hit and for a split second I made eye contact with him for the last time .
tr	PRES	" All right then , lad .
tr	PRES	We celebrate Michael 's visit to Minneapolis with Amy 's homemade lasagna .
tr	PRES	" I might kill him right now , " Adam changes his mind .
tr	PAST	He proceeded up or what seemed to be up in the darkness .
tr	PAST	Carolyn cocked her head knowingly .
tr	PRES	" This belongs to you . "
tr	PRES	Like she 's in a much better mood , you jackass .
tr	PRES	" How about I pass , sis ?
tr	PAST	Who invented oatmeal anyway ?
tr	PRES	Instantly it disappears as Cole locks it down , pausing to take a calming breath .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	In one smooth motion , he brings it upright to the position of attention against his body .
tr	PAST	" Guilty as charged . "
tr	PAST	Her wiry sandy tail slapped Canute 's face .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure you 've never done this before , Billie ? "
tr	PAST	Phoenix plopped down on his chair .
tr	PAST	The expression on his face faltered when I said it and I instantly regretted my words .
tr	PAST	Most of the crowd who had gathered received this news in silence , but two or three Royalist supporters raised a ragged cheer .
tr	PRES	She stands , pulling her purse strap over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Lady Aquitaine . "
tr	PRES	A look passes between them that I don 't understand .
tr	PRES	We value and welcome female employees .
tr	PRES	I mumbled sorry under my breath and waited for them to continue .
tr	PAST	Thomas grunted in pain as his left leg cracked awkwardly against the edge of the wall as he came to a rest once again .
tr	PAST	I denied and gave him a dangerous look but he only laughed .
tr	PAST	DNA isn 't back yet , ' Jensen lied .
tr	PRES	This damn pilot , I warn Captain Munro , this damn pilot lost . "
tr	PAST	" That thing hurts like hell and causes bleeding , but it 's not a quick killer , " Alan chimed in .
tr	PAST	Luisa attempted a right hook , but Lea had the space to move to Luisa 's left and land a right punch on Luisa 's body .
tr	PAST	At least Elijah protected you . "
tr	PRES	" Are you listening to us now , Jerry ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves happiness , even if it can only be found among the dead .
tr	PRES	I snuggle into his muscular chest .
tr	PRES	" I just hope that you two stick together longer , " she beamed at me .
tr	PRES	I lean forward so our lips are dangerously close .
tr	PRES	They have sworn their allegiance to Charles VII , " Julia confidently states .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to kiss you now , " he murmurs , and draws me to him , his mouth covering mine .
tr	PRES	Tim flicks the lighter open , crushing the previous butt under his flip-flops .
tr	PRES	" And Robbie ? "
tr	PRES	" I recall it had been spoken that two worlds had been attacked .
tr	PAST	" No , " He lied .
tr	PRES	His voice cracks when he speaks .
tr	PRES	As his words drive home this new issue , fear for what they could experience causes my pulse to race .
tr	PRES	On the ground , to the right of the end of the stick , she sees a half eaten apple .
tr	PAST	She and Kathleen shattered into pieces , destroying them forever .
tr	PAST	His hands fisted at his sides and he deliberately relaxed them , taking a long , deep breath into his lungs at the same time .
tr	PAST	With his hand in hers , she tugged him toward the bedchamber , where they could forget their troubles for at least a few hours .
tr	PAST	She twirled the instrument for a moment , lifted it high , and ripped it down in a slashing motion .
tr	PAST	Starlings banked and dove along the eaves , chirping loudly , flying low above the grass .
tr	PRES	' Expensive , eh ? '
tr	PRES	And maybe some extra mirrors . "
tr	PRES	" She misses you too . "
tr	PRES	" Wuthering Heights . "
tr	PAST	The sea still glowed red , and there was no sign of the light tanks they were promised .
tr	PAST	She tugged at the zip of the navy holdall .
tr	PRES	" Touche , " Maddie mutters .
tr	PRES	The silence between us stretches and we continue to stumble wordlessly in the darkness .
tr	PAST	She clasped on to it , struggling to use it to do her will .
tr	PAST	She flicked her eyes down to check his hand : his thumb was pointing straight down .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " Tack mutters .
tr	PAST	Everyone in the room quieted .
tr	PRES	He relaxes into a dorky grin and they go off in his room together .
tr	PRES	' Aunt Pol ! '
tr	PAST	Brax received a phone call from Shay after dinner and it rattled him .
tr	PRES	Her face falls , and she drops the parcels on the counter .
tr	PRES	They swim from the darkest and deepest holes up into the shallows where they feed on sleeping fish by starlight .
tr	PRES	I assume it 's something that weasel Jonah McAllister is helping you with , since you were with him at Underwood 's . "
tr	PRES	Pushing away what should be my chocolate chip reward for keeping my eyes open all night , I lean my head into my hands .
tr	PRES	However , a post car crash greeting as enthusiastic as hers begged for such a response .
tr	PRES	You belong with Dad .
tr	PRES	If I shout the phrase ' Swarm !
tr	PAST	On the way back down the hall , my cell vibrated .
tr	PAST	The Christmas lights reflected in her dark eyes , and I thought that maybe , just maybe , the future would be an improvement over the past .
tr	PAST	Jennifer hooked her arm into mine .
tr	PAST	While businesses struggled to begin again ; thousands even committed suicide as an expression of their shame and hopelessness , for years to come .
tr	PRES	Her hands tremble a little .
tr	PRES	" He hears what he hears and he can believe whatever he wants to believe .
tr	PRES	" Is it Zane ? "
tr	PRES	He carries a message from her grandfather . "
tr	PRES	He hugs me for a long time , then kisses me on the forehead .
tr	PAST	I pretended to soften , to sink into his body .
tr	PRES	She stops on the top step and tilts her head to the side to get a better look .
tr	PRES	While she went up the steps he stood on the floor , rhythmically slapping the folded newspapers against the calf of his right leg .
tr	PAST	Melanie stiffened with pride .
tr	PAST	My weariness vanished , replaced with an exhilarating mixture of nerves and purpose .
tr	PRES	For a second , the whole room shudders , contracts and expands like a heartbeat .
tr	PAST	Perhaps Eddy sensed this , for he asked , ' You 've never got on , have you ? '
tr	PAST	Nobody bothered her as she stared at the bare walls , twisting her hands together , sick to her stomach .
tr	PRES	Just as soon as he starts dancing with her , the song changes and she staggers off the dance floor .
tr	PRES	You discover a lot of potentially disturbing things in addition to all of the wonderful to hear ones when you are an unobtrusive good listener .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves me . "
tr	PRES	" We awakened a million years ago . "
tr	PAST	The sultry scent of vanilla lingered in her wake , continuing the relentless seduction his senses had ineffectively dealt with over the past hour .
tr	PRES	Ethan 's voice rises over my shoulder and the second the sound touches my ears heat , want , self-doubt , and excitement rush through my body .
tr	PAST	It eluded me though and my dreams were constantly ... forgettable .
tr	PRES	Dr. Beckett folds his hands in front of him on the desk .
tr	PRES	She stands next to me .
tr	PRES	Then I detach it from the outer hatch and close the outer door .
tr	PAST	After each of the cat 's hopeless attempts to catch the mouse , the toddlers giggled and laughed .
tr	PAST	Giggling during their mock peril , the vines then dumped the children in a thick bed of moss .
tr	PAST	She slapped his elbow to keep his hand away .
tr	PRES	" And who should I love , Nicholas .
tr	PRES	Zeke mutters something under his breath that doesn 't sound pleasant .
tr	PAST	There is nothing for miles , " he exclaimed .
tr	PAST	They didn 't try to stop it or grab the men inside , they just tipped the damn thing over .
tr	PRES	Streamlining her scales , Serena uses a strong surge of the undercurrent to gain speed .
tr	PAST	Then he gritted his teeth and stepped back .
tr	PRES	General Cos , your force will take the west wall , closest to the city .
tr	PAST	He stomped off towards the black Harley .
tr	PAST	" Make me , " I teased , hoping she 'd want to join me , even though she 'd already gotten one .
tr	PRES	" You stubborn ... man ! "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 2 As Beth and I were talking , Russo recorded these words in his diary in a hotel room on the other side Zurich , Switzerland .
tr	PRES	" She brings it on herself , you know , but still one can 't help feeling sorry for her .
tr	PRES	" They belong together , but all they did was get in each other 's way .
tr	PAST	He squinted towards the car .
tr	PRES	" Your witness . "
tr	PRES	Sold them , I assume .
tr	PAST	His clone cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	Her h * ps writhed on their own , despite her attempts to stop them .
tr	PAST	But Mallory schooled her face into an unconcerned mask , unwilling to voice her feelings when Jake so obviously wanted to keep their relationship casual .
tr	PAST	Jonathan chimed in next to me .
tr	PRES	She gazes at the bright stars beaming between the cold black space see nothing .
tr	PAST	My lungs froze and my heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	Chloe points to me .
tr	PAST	" Time to meet Dick , " Zo announced .
tr	PRES	One of those lies even involved walking away from a crime just miles from their home .
tr	PAST	Shimmer relayed her feelings -- she felt no immediate threat .
tr	PAST	" You think you know everything , " she accused .
tr	PAST	He hauled himself up with his right arm , his injured arm dangling , and heaved himself to the lip of the cattle car .
tr	PAST	I stated the obvious so he couldn 't manipulate the situation .
tr	PAST	At that point , Mrs. K and Julia could talk no more as the kids rushed through loudly , their voices ringing happily through the halls .
tr	PAST	And so she lied .
tr	PAST	His footsteps faltered about halfway there when the Boss 's high-pitched voice called his name .
tr	PRES	We - " The plane bumped violently .
tr	PAST	A Pennsylvania state flag flapped on a pole , making a snapping noise in the wind .
tr	PAST	She pretended she didn 't notice his arrival .
tr	PRES	" What the hell , Ham ! "
tr	PAST	Each group crouched in the darkness waiting for the signal to cross the road to the entrance point that would take them down to their underground rendezvous .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you just Mary Sunshine ? "
tr	PRES	The real problem lies with falling into , rather than soaring through , the barrier .
tr	PAST	He retreated all the way until his back hit the wall .
tr	PRES	He sees a nurse round the corner and he runs up to her .
tr	PRES	" And how many times will you threaten to out me if I stay ?
tr	PRES	" Now , if we only had something to drink , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" I mean the part , " he corrects himself uncomfortably .
tr	PRES	Angels fell through misty clouds , their beautiful faces warped by pain .
tr	PAST	" I can 't imagine why not , " Joe B. pretended to study her date book from his upside-down perspective .
tr	PAST	Jon rinsed them in real water again -- here she wouldn 't be able to conserve it as they had at the Cromwell 's .
tr	PAST	Her fingers threaded through the hair on the back of his neck , her entire body pressed against him .
tr	PRES	Make sure Stacy pays you before you leave . "
tr	PRES	He hates William . "
tr	PAST	He damn near exploded right then .
tr	PAST	Jones yawned and poked at the burning logs .
tr	PRES	" First of all , always pitch the baseball one more time .
tr	PRES	He loves showing me diagrams of things like the Chrysler Building and the Shanghai Expo .
tr	PRES	A sprite giggles by my ear .
tr	PRES	" Sheriff Davis ! "
tr	PAST	The two knights has volunteered together in the Thirty Years war and saved each other numerous times .
tr	PRES	And handed Amanda the tile . '
tr	PRES	" And you scare off other customers , too .
tr	PAST	" Mmm ... " Leaning over me , he pressed his lips to mine .
tr	PRES	" Where to Warden ? "
tr	PRES	" Maggie explains these things to me and tells me what she needs .
tr	PAST	I just cleaned my apartment .
tr	PAST	Carmine froze at the sound of the voice and glanced behind him , seeing Corrado following .
tr	PAST	You stole her thoughts ! "
tr	PRES	She points to each .
tr	PRES	" Uh , yesterday , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	My nervous twitching and talking begins to calm as my brain slows and begins to work again .
tr	PRES	' Hi , ' I say , awkwardly .
tr	PAST	Frank and Robin lingered over coffee , chatting about politics and the economy and a number of other stimulating topics .
tr	PAST	Dale was sleeping , completely nude , one leg off the edge of the bed , his foot dangling , the other knee cocked .
tr	PAST	He stiffened letting me know he 'd taken the bait .
tr	PAST	I sought to smash anything pretty about her .
tr	PAST	" They defended you . "
tr	PRES	He points a finger at the curio .
tr	PRES	A flash of blinding white light fills my view forcing me off the road completely .
tr	PAST	Not to work , Catherine prayed .
tr	PRES	" Byron Knight ! "
tr	PAST	How ya doin ' , " his voice boomed through my phone .
tr	PRES	" I want a grilled cheese , " Cammie mumbled around her thumb .
tr	PRES	" Not a prayer .
tr	PRES	" She 's confused , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He pays the cab fare and then picks me up and throws me over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	' Thou hast performed thy mournful task most excellently , my Lord , ' I thanked him .
tr	PAST	He reported the abnormality to our department , as he is required to do by policy .
tr	PAST	He thanked her and promised to check back the following day .
tr	PAST	He marveled at the sight .
tr	PAST	Her tongue flicked out again , stroked , lingered .
tr	PRES	" Sure sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	Four Warlord Princes tipped their heads in a respectful bow .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips .
tr	PRES	He sighs , because I always do this to him - press his buttons .
tr	PRES	" Stop thinking you have to protect me , Savannah .
tr	PRES	Anger , fear , joy , lust .
tr	PAST	Bathroom , " I mumbled over my shoulder , already on my way .
tr	PRES	The door opens in front of me .
tr	PAST	His kind eyes revealed his concern .
tr	PAST	One look at Tyler proved he had no sense of humor about this matter .
tr	PRES	" No callin " for dat , Mister Vimes .
tr	PRES	Men shouting and whistles blowing .
tr	PRES	The lab tech stops me before I can go on .
tr	PAST	I crouched down in front of Logan .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the tree and let my eyes close .
tr	PAST	Frank visited , but he couldn 't spend a lot of time .
tr	PRES	I race across the parking lot , but she cranks the engine before I 'm even halfway to her car .
tr	PRES	She frowns at me for a few seconds like she wants to say something , but eventually , she just nods .
tr	PRES	Before the press and the protestors realize I 've left , Vel spirits me away through service tunnels , out to a waiting vehicle .
tr	PAST	" You certainly did , " Alexandra cheered , pointing to the tree that was now split open on the side .
tr	PAST	I countered , really trying to sound cheerful .
tr	PRES	Spinning around to determine the fate of his pursuer , the kid produces an audible squeak when he spots Link descending upon him .
tr	PRES	The music drifts out into the night , wistful chords on the wind .
tr	PRES	" As the Spider . "
tr	PRES	Why all the hurt and pain and broken experiences ? "
tr	PAST	" We 've got two weeks to go , " yawned Laura .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay to be tired , Bree .
tr	PRES	Her hand sneaks to the lock .
tr	PAST	The sky transformed to million colors , bright gray and yellow orange like the sunset .
tr	PRES	" Press stands back over there . "
tr	PRES	Marina waves when she sees me .
tr	PRES	Damien obliged her need and rubbed , his fingers dipping into her wetness , the lace offering little barrier .
tr	PRES	The pilot glares at his back .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled my head for a second .
tr	PRES	My heart pounds furiously .
tr	PRES	The man said knowingly , his smile vanishing .
tr	PRES	Bran 's voice drips sarcasm .
tr	PAST	" Answer her , " Dom stated , rising his gun at her .
tr	PAST	I hooked my hands beneath her arms and lifted her so she was straddling my waist .
tr	PRES	The vicious clouds no longer surround us and we 're wrapped in the bright , white luminescence of soft , fluffy clouds .
tr	PRES	" It changes nothing . "
tr	PRES	" Only she bears that burden .
tr	PAST	As if he 'd read her mind , he abandoned his exploration to grasp the strap of her dress and yank it off her shoulder .
tr	PRES	Unemployment remains high , but many of them have not held a position in decades . "
tr	PAST	Smiling half-heartedly , I snaked my arm through his and let him lead me to the Grand Room where the ball was being held .
tr	PRES	Chapter 19 April 26 , 2012 How fitting , that the first warm day of spring is today of all days .
tr	PRES	She tries to recall what it said when she came home last night .
tr	PAST	The old man grunted at me .
tr	PAST	Lillian whipped her attention back to Sullivan .
tr	PAST	She exhaled another cloud of smoke toward the ceiling .
tr	PRES	How many total ? "
tr	PAST	White and silver adorned every surface , contrasting severely with the black stone floor .
tr	PAST	She stood there , her hands clasped together , like she was patiently waiting for me to notice her .
tr	PAST	Sarah tensed and pulled at her hand , but he gripped it and said , " That came out wrong . "
tr	PRES	" Did you nap ? "
tr	PRES	" A quarter mile up , half a mile around , and a quarter mile back . "
tr	PRES	Angus leaned forward , his elbows resting on his knees .
tr	PRES	How dare he assume I was weak and helpless .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " I mumbled through gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and holds my hand tightly .
tr	PAST	" It would seem so , " Dorian stated , looking thoughtful .
tr	PRES	She frowns with disappointment .
tr	PAST	Dark eyes regarded him frankly , but they were far from readable .
tr	PAST	They cheered on the team and did some moves .
tr	PAST	The real us , " I pleaded , resting my chin on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Stark not so much , but it will take him a long time to stop seeing Lola in every woman he meets . '
tr	PAST	He deepened his already bass voice until it was a subterranean rumble .
tr	PAST	" Well ... " Her blush deepened .
tr	PAST	Simon exploded , unable to keep silent in the face of such snobbery .
tr	PAST	Lou froze again and his knees began shaking .
tr	PAST	She squealed and tried to squirm away , but he didn 't let her .
tr	PAST	Then he glanced up and stilled , his gaze riveted between her legs .
tr	PRES	" Here you go , ladies .
tr	PRES	My heart stops altogether .
tr	PRES	All sunshine and rainbows . "
tr	PAST	His loyal sidekick , Ajax , accompanied him .
tr	PAST	Two guys emerged from a bedroom , both shorter in stature .
tr	PAST	He rummaged in his sack .
tr	PAST	I lied about William being all hot and bothered for another woman .
tr	PAST	Thomas and Popkin weaved their way through the palace with haste .
tr	PAST	She received more lashings and was locked in the cellar for three days with nothing but a bucket of dirty water to drink .
tr	PRES	" You 're getting paranoid in your old age , " Gabrielle teased , but Kat didn 't think it was funny .
tr	PAST	Noah winds a strand of my hair around his finger and tugs on it , just as I 'm about to put one of my earbuds in .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on an elbow and tried to catch my gaze .
tr	PAST	" A direct order disobeyed - " " Oh - " Jane made half an impatient gesture with her hand , aborted .
tr	PAST	I flicked my fingers as I pondered .
tr	PAST	She flicked her eyes to the woman 's startled face , then focused again on the man who wouldn 't even look at her .
tr	PAST	" Nice neighborhood you 've found Inspector . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she breathed , tears shimmering in her bright eyes .
tr	PAST	I crawled towards him , careful not to make a sound against the less forgiving hardwood kitchen floor .
tr	PRES	Reckon you 've come down in the world in your servant 's clothes , eh ? "
tr	PRES	He suspects his partner of embezzlement , or something equally uneventful .
tr	PAST	Ty grunted against Zane 's shoulder and dragged his teeth over Zane 's skin , tightening his hold as he came .
tr	PAST	He contented himself with his job .
tr	PAST	Lillian fanned herself as though she were about to faint .
tr	PRES	" It brings me great joy and even greater honor to share this day with you all .
tr	PRES	The first thing I took notice of was how his blue eyes were about three shades brighter than any I 'd ever seen before .
tr	PAST	He collapsed there with a small sigh , his eyes immediately closing .
tr	PAST	You hopped off this road already .
tr	PRES	" It would have been better if she had died , " Miller whispers .
tr	PAST	Last evening I secured the checks before you because these individuals wanted to see our hospital expand to help children in need .
tr	PAST	She tensed at his words , irritated with herself for doing exactly what she 'd said she wouldn 't do .
tr	PAST	Holiday eyed Del a. " I think the vampires are holding a group session .
tr	PAST	I might as well have skipped the wardrobe upgrade .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as our hands touched .
tr	PAST	Instead , he exclaimed excitedly , " What !
tr	PRES	" I forgot to give you your copy of the Release of Liability , " he explains , handing me a folded sheet of paper .
tr	PAST	Even Max perked his ears .
tr	PAST	What he was doing ceased to be boxing ; the style was infinitely more advanced .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens up and she sucks in a breath .
tr	PRES	The random arrangement of stepping stones offers several paths to the top , and the fact has the boy feeling suspicious right away .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed and auntie laughed , " Okay , I know all of you here are probably wondering why ... so ... let me tell you .
tr	PRES	This place holds memories that stab at me every time I step foot inside it .
tr	PAST	It received hundreds of duplicates of the same message compressed into the modulated laser burst .
tr	PAST	As Galilee withdrew his hands from what was now only the rippling centre of the image , he somehow transformed it all into shades of red .
tr	PAST	Maggie sketched the find in her notebook .
tr	PRES	" He deserves to die now ! "
tr	PRES	Carolina seats herself in a chair in front of the fire .
tr	PAST	Danny turned on the light then dumped himself on the bed , his rather large frame shaking it with the coils groaning underneath .
tr	PAST	Sometimes I pretended we had a conversation .
tr	PAST	I race over to her just as she 's pushed herself away from the wall .
tr	PAST	This freaked me out more than I was already freaked out at the very prospect of the evening 's festivities .
tr	PAST	Panic won 't help , " Peter coolly advised .
tr	PAST	" We could always work out together , " I joked halfheartedly , and was gratified to hear the sound of her laugh .
tr	PAST	Jez opted to sit nearest to the girl 's open door .
tr	PAST	I silently thanked his strength as I used my arms , and his helping hand , to pull myself back over the railing .
tr	PAST	Without a word , he swooped her up and tossed her onto the bed .
tr	PAST	A faint scent of lavender floated on the air from two large pots at the top of the concrete stairs leading down to the lawn .
tr	PRES	Eden murmurs a faint " okay " in response .
tr	PRES	She put her hand to his chest , her fingertips resting over his heart .
tr	PRES	" I assume so . "
tr	PAST	Weston busted out laughing .
tr	PRES	" Whatever she wishes .
tr	PAST	I squinted harder , and blonde hair and big brown eyes came into view .
tr	PRES	Because I don 't remember having said or done anything to piss you off . "
tr	PAST	He glided his tongue over her lips , dipped between them , tasted her entire mouth .
tr	PRES	I stood up , the weight of his electricity still oppressive , but lessened .
tr	PAST	" For crimes you committed against her mother .
tr	PAST	I flicked off the light switch and carried the unopened can into the darkened living room .
tr	PAST	Two elves dressed in the striking black and purple kilts of the MacIntosh Clan ( E division ) both saluted .
tr	PRES	" Since when is taking a walk sneaking ? "
tr	PRES	He chuckles and twists my nipple slowly between his thumb and forefinger .
tr	PRES	She releases me , almost pushing me away from her in the process .
tr	PRES	Suppose it begins to enter a terminal malfunction , Andrew ? "
tr	PRES	That bitch deserves whatever is dealt to her . "
tr	PAST	Silently I thanked her Dios .
tr	PAST	His leather duster fanned out behind him .
tr	PAST	She eyed him , searching for any sign of mockery .
tr	PAST	I scooted past him and walked to the back of the cart to get him a Corona .
tr	PAST	Nails on a fucking chalkboard , right ?
tr	PAST	" You started without me , " I accused .
tr	PAST	Lux scoffed , his dark eyes fixed on me .
tr	PAST	Some even blamed the elves for the ills that had fallen on the land , including the Raiders .
tr	PRES	The pressure of a good , tight wrap helps with the pain .
tr	PRES	No nefarious clown lurking in the darkness .
tr	PAST	He charged across the clearing as if he planned to climb up the trunk , snarling as if he would tear me apart once he got there .
tr	PAST	He 's crouched out in the grass by the side of the road , looking at something .
tr	PRES	She points at it .
tr	PRES	The office door bangs open , and Nathan marches straight upstairs to their bedroom without looking at us .
tr	PRES	But he deserves someone who is perfect , someone that isn 't me .
tr	PAST	When he got closer to the fire , Lou froze in terror .
tr	PRES	Under his dark blue uniform he wears a plain black T-shirt and a black string around his throat .
tr	PAST	They cleaned me out this afternoon and they didn 't do very much to help load it up . "
tr	PRES	This time he begged .
tr	PRES	He walked forward , his eyes gleaming in the shadows of the room .
tr	PAST	Providence , in swirling wind and flickering light , never wavered .
tr	PRES	Adam practically carries me to the bathroom every morning . "
tr	PAST	He steadied himself , whipped his head around and saw a revolting figure that sort of resembled a human being .
tr	PRES	" Your proof ? "
tr	PRES	I flinch , but then turn stoic .
tr	PAST	We flung ourselves upon it and had the lid off in about a minute and a half .
tr	PRES	And the heavens expose me still to spiritual risk !
tr	PAST	" It should have been on my doorknob , but it 's not , " he stated matter-of-factly .
tr	PAST	A monogrammed handkerchief clutched in Del 's fingers ?
tr	PAST	He treated me like I was dirt under his shoe . "
tr	PAST	But instead she just stares at me like I 've grown three heads .
tr	PAST	Yet just as she was about to grab it from him , he regained his strength , pushed her as hard as he could against the wall .
tr	PAST	When they were finished , they cleaned the kitchen together , then Elissa stood awkwardly in the middle of the room , wondering what would happen next .
tr	PRES	Call me Rachel , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	They circled the floor and at one end , they passed Conway Gillespie .
tr	PAST	While he searched his pocket with one hand , he pretended to tread water with the other .
tr	PRES	" That 's not true , " she spills the words easy as oil .
tr	PAST	The undead whirled around , his arm extended toward her , lengthening , growing before her horrified stare , thin and misshapen , reaching to grab her .
tr	PAST	Cage jolted to consciousness and grabbed his captor by the throat .
tr	PRES	Charlotta beamed and stowed one of the caramel apples in her bag .
tr	PRES	Manuel brings in lavender from Paris for the laundry .
tr	PRES	He returns , placing the items on the couch .
tr	PRES	Gabe lays his head back against the headrest .
tr	PRES	" What investments ? "
tr	PAST	I awoke much later , rested but stiff .
tr	PAST	I crouched down on my knees , put my palms on the floor , and slowly crawled around to the other side of the bed .
tr	PRES	" That is a very long title for a game , " Edie May teased .
tr	PRES	She widens her eyes , opens them as if she wanted to look inside of you , find out who knows what hidden mystery .
tr	PAST	They created a perimeter and blocked traffic from Renée 's home .
tr	PRES	" Clark , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	You know , the founder of Settler claimed this area haunted , very haunted .
tr	PRES	But she blushes in embarrassment , and I am pricked with guilt for having teased her .
tr	PRES	" On a temple ? "
tr	PAST	Mr. Sniper saluted and joined Silent One and Eagle Eye behind the cage on the cart .
tr	PAST	I stifled a gasp .
tr	PAST	His lips curved into a smile .
tr	PAST	Leaves and twigs slapped at him as his hands and feet found limbs to halt his fall .
tr	PAST	Genevieve wriggled out of her sable coat while Smith and Jonathan powered off their BlackBerrys and straightened their Brooks Brothers ties .
tr	PRES	" Actually , it bothers me a lot .
tr	PRES	You hardly ever undergo fusion ; I want you to transmit the mood you 're in now to everyone else ; you owe it to them .
tr	PRES	" Whatever , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	I dared to ask .
tr	PRES	" Well , " he sighs .
tr	PAST	The cry of an old man pierced the air .
tr	PRES	Then next door he hears something metal drop inside that house .
tr	PRES	He tries to raise his voice , but it comes out sounding more like a croak .
tr	PRES	' A business expense ? '
tr	PRES	Nadia throws herself flat and weeps into the yellow earth , hammering the ground with her fists .
tr	PAST	Contemporary propaganda and subsequent historians claimed Richard had his nephews murdered .
tr	PRES	Gabe remains seated , and his doleful eyes catch mine and hold them .
tr	PAST	I adjusted the dark glasses on my nose .
tr	PRES	" Can we disable the shuttles ? "
tr	PAST	I joked , coming out from the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Reeve flashes me a grin .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I slowly drummed my fingers on the table and took another sip from my drink as I patiently waited for the arrival of my food .
tr	PRES	" It brings me great pleasure to see you again Angelina and I hope Virginia is recovering well , yes ? "
tr	PRES	Smiling pleasantly , she asked , " Allie , how are you doing ? "
tr	PRES	" I think it 's ' catch more bees ' and not lions , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Between the buttressed roots , white moss carpeted the ground .
tr	PAST	" Have you even bothered to wonder why we 're so connected ?
tr	PAST	Montoya collapsed in a heap on the floor , clawing , kicking , thrashing , and screaming all the while .
tr	PRES	Hildy purses her lips and smiles with her eyebrows .
tr	PRES	" Well , tell him that remains to be seen , seeing as we haven 't pulled off any daring escape yet . "
tr	PAST	He wriggled into a position of better cover .
tr	PRES	Everything he just said terrifies the piss out of me .
tr	PAST	It bounced several yards , then rolled end over end down a steep ravine and exploded in a ball of fire .
tr	PAST	My mother sniffed back her tears .
tr	PAST	She squinted , envisioning her mother 's bathroom counter .
tr	PRES	I writhe my h * ps and jerk my shoulders , attempting to escape .
tr	PAST	She stomped her foot and looked at him like his mother used to .
tr	PRES	" I recall so little .
tr	PAST	She prayed it wasn 't Luther 's death trail she was following , but there was a part of her that was growing increasingly convinced it was .
tr	PRES	I retrieve my bike from the garage and wheel it into the street .
tr	PAST	John outlined his plan ; Graham and Terry listened intently .
tr	PAST	My hands slid up to her shoulder blades again , hugging her to me , our heads resting together again .
tr	PAST	Indeed he marveled at the unity of mind and body and his soul seemed to rejoice !
tr	PAST	Chapter 3 The noisy crowd in the assembly hall quieted at the first appearance of the reclusive Professor Cassell .
tr	PRES	He sniffs close at her face , licks her once or twice , then sits down next to her , leaning into her side as she rocks .
tr	PRES	A beautiful cigar touches all my senses .
tr	PAST	He eyed me strangely .
tr	PAST	His hand snaked out and curled around my wrist .
tr	PRES	He frowns at the screen before focusing down on my face .
tr	PRES	In her mind she hears the last word of her father , " Goodbye , " repeating over and over .
tr	PRES	" She likes to think of our telepathic network as a metaphor for rising from the ashes .
tr	PAST	I 've attempted to ... work out the emotional program ... " " To make it care for us ? "
tr	PRES	My blood seeps through his shirt , but I don 't care .
tr	PAST	Kane tensed , fearing her death .
tr	PRES	" Don 't feel guilty about how you spent your day , Melinda .
tr	PAST	" Hats designed by the most famous designer in the Capital .
tr	PAST	If anything the fog was getting heavier as morning meandered toward midday .
tr	PRES	" They ´ re Guardians now , " I add .
tr	PRES	Baker lets the courtroom snicker a bit while he flips to a different page .
tr	PRES	However , under the malign influence of the pole star , the watcher falls asleep .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think she likes that , " I warn them .
tr	PAST	And a night during which she 'd discovered Roman 's intention to leave Yorkshire Falls as soon as the opportunity arose .
tr	PRES	It lies beyond the Great Gate where the Bad People live . "
tr	PAST	Hummel reversed a chair and sat with his chin just above its ladder back .
tr	PAST	His mouth dove for my pussy and his tongue was vigorously fluttering my folds .
tr	PRES	But the wizards wove a spell that kept them in the forest and they came not into the plain .
tr	PRES	" Make mine a double , " I mutter , trading glances with Emerson .
tr	PRES	A thought occurs to me .
tr	PAST	I lied and darted past them into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through her collection of CDs .
tr	PRES	" For no other reason than that I crave you .
tr	PRES	It really pisses me off that the police haven 't caught up with him yet .
tr	PAST	Newton 's phone buzzed and he answered .
tr	PRES	" I 've noticed , " Christian mumbled .
tr	PAST	Oh , enough with the pleasantries , I dive in right after him .
tr	PAST	A white van sped past , its driver making an obscene gesture through the window .
tr	PAST	I cringed and closed my eyes and tried to go to a different place , away from the pain , as they fumbled on my forehead .
tr	PAST	When they reached the front door he thanked her for being so polite and so helpful .
tr	PAST	His growl deepened , and he turned on his father .
tr	PAST	But Power reported otherwise , " search not possible , energy levels at minimum " .
tr	PAST	She scored her nails down his back .
tr	PRES	" Be careful , " she said , smile fading to a scowl .
tr	PRES	The stenographer stops filing and looks at me with her wide cow eyes , slowly smacking her gum .
tr	PRES	" I hope so , " I mutter , reaching for the phone inside my pocket as it starts to ring .
tr	PRES	" A normal person with billions of dollars , " Russell mutters beneath his breath .
tr	PAST	" When you fought me outside the other Princess 's door ( peace be on her , the Blessed ! )
tr	PAST	Michael 's hands fisted .
tr	PRES	" Go warn them .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , catching the soothing scent that was Callum 's cologne .
tr	PRES	It begins as a fledgling story , incubating in just a couple of people .
tr	PAST	Her screaming mother dove on her , pulling at the silver shaft that protruded from her chest .
tr	PRES	" Told you , " I mumbled against her lips , where they still worked feverishly for me to lose my mind .
tr	PRES	" What kind of experiment ? "
tr	PRES	The plunk of Ketchup 's body hitting the locker next to me opens my eyes .
tr	PAST	The whole baring the soul thing isn 't something you guys excel at , right ?
tr	PRES	The sight of blood enraged the others .
tr	PRES	" Until that weekend , I was not sure you were ... passionate .
tr	PAST	His mind winged back to their first date in the glider .
tr	PRES	His arm wraps around me , his hand pressing on the small of my back , and he pushes me closer to him .
tr	PRES	Excited that he may have found what Black Beard has instructed him to find , he points toward what he sees floating on the water .
tr	PAST	He tugged at the wad of hair a time or two . "
tr	PAST	Suits and uniforms shuffled all around the field .
tr	PAST	At some point in between sleep and wake I jolted up in bed .
tr	PAST	She giggled uncontrollably , even trying to roll over onto her stomach to get away from his nimble hands .
tr	PAST	For a moment , I panicked .
tr	PAST	I urged my horse forward , through the growling pack of hounds .
tr	PRES	" I slipping . "
tr	PRES	I crash my lips into his .
tr	PAST	Two large picture windows provided a view of a lake surrounded by enormous pine trees .
tr	PRES	As I struggle , he draws closer , materializing from a sea of locusts and darkness .
tr	PRES	A cadaver draws a morbid fascination to itself , as though it bears some unnatural beauty in its abrupt change -- a horrific beauty .
tr	PRES	There he stood , splendid in his silvered armor .
tr	PAST	Jim expired and the dying weight of the bear fell upon him ; the dead buck nearby .
tr	PRES	She whispers and is up and out of her seat before I can even respond .
tr	PAST	I anxiously hopped on the bus that morning , ready to get the school day done and over with .
tr	PRES	" But what I do shouldn 't make a difference , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	The ceiling lights dimmed considerably as Dormer passed below them , then glowed to full brightness in his wake .
tr	PRES	She reached the machine and brought her hand up , then hesitated , her finger resting on the button .
tr	PRES	She releases her hold on my T-shirt and backs up a little .
tr	PAST	Fully awake now , Jenna leaped out of the bed and opened our door .
tr	PRES	He deals with your question in this book . "
tr	PRES	" Surely that deserves a second helping . "
tr	PRES	" Miss Mina Holmes . "
tr	PAST	Ronan tugged her forward and helped her over the corpses littering the area .
tr	PRES	After a few minutes , the bouncing stops and we are in control again .
tr	PAST	When I started grinning , Patrice cocked her head in confusion .
tr	PRES	My chest hair tingles as the sun caresses me dry .
tr	PRES	" I approve . "
tr	PAST	I awoke with a wheezing gasp and Veronique 's question playing over and over in my head .
tr	PAST	Emma snaked an arm between the seats and plucked one of his maps from the floor in the back .
tr	PRES	He stretches his neck as far as the chain will allow while two bodies crouch on the lawn .
tr	PAST	Now Murdoch cuffed it .
tr	PRES	" What construction company ? "
tr	PAST	I doubted he knew anybody 's full name except mine .
tr	PRES	" Callie likes Ryan . "
tr	PAST	The prisoner convulsed , jerking in desperate terror as the vampire 's hand slid from his shoulder to his neck .
tr	PAST	We experienced things on our own , but my best memories were the things I experienced with Sam . "
tr	PAST	Carlos attempted to wipe the blood from his nose .
tr	PRES	Stars shone down from a clear sky that sucked the heat right off the earth .
tr	PAST	" Not to worry , they 'll hear us first from those fancy squeaky shoes , " joked Sean , glancing at Pierce 's patent leather shoes .
tr	PRES	" That guy already hates my guts . "
tr	PAST	I matched the values in the title documents against those in the church 's record , just to check .
tr	PRES	He lets go of me immediately , taking a step back .
tr	PAST	She wrapped her arms around his neck when he carried her to her bed , her hands clumsy in their haste as she undressed him .
tr	PAST	Her cool fingers slid up his spine , her clipped short nails digging into his back .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head from side-to-side as if considering .
tr	PRES	She gripped my face in her hands again , her nails digging into my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" An envelope ? "
tr	PAST	" Uh-huh , " he concurred smiling .
tr	PRES	Like sometimes men underestimate me because of it , and that 's no good . "
tr	PAST	Now , he hopped on a jet to fly half way around the world , chasing after a Russian woman .
tr	PAST	Cain advanced on her , fire in his eyes .
tr	PRES	" The voice of reason , " he offers .
tr	PAST	He flapped his wings harder , faster , and the wind increased in velocity , the whistle of it masking the ensuing cries of pain .
tr	PAST	She dared not look anywhere but straight ahead .
tr	PRES	When we enter the clearing , everyone stops what they are doing and turns to look at us .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side and eyed him with much consideration .
tr	PAST	I tensed my body down and looked in every direction in sheer anticipation .
tr	PRES	" Um ... how about I set it in the drawing room for you , Madam . "
tr	PRES	That Naomi was giving Hanna the same Where have you been all my life ?
tr	PRES	I whipped my head around and looked back at Detective Casey .
tr	PRES	She carries the bowl toward the middle of the room , where the Amity meetings are held .
tr	PAST	His tongue glided from her navel to just above the bundle of nerves .
tr	PAST	" Maybe somebody cursed your dummy , " she joked , turning back to her manga .
tr	PAST	Pausing by his stump , he leans to one side and his hind leg comes up , claws extended .
tr	PAST	The shaper smacked his lips and opened his eyes .
tr	PAST	Alessia sensed the inhumanity , the cruelty , behind his cobalt colored eyes , human as he appeared .
tr	PRES	As the creature fed , the dark mage hissed in anticipation , " one thing yet remains .
tr	PRES	" In front of witnesses , including Xavier .
tr	PAST	The next evening , Alison purposely delayed her meal and arrived at the same time as the night before .
tr	PRES	" He talks to her now more than me . "
tr	PRES	He sighs , letting his hand drop to his side .
tr	PAST	Dean 's eyes bore into his father 's .
tr	PRES	" But , Conall , even knowing how awful it was for him , Lyall and I both knew you would never trust him again .
tr	PRES	" I thought for sure there were other reasons , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Frustration balled inside him and knotted in his gut .
tr	PRES	Rann ... , " while I yell , too loudly .
tr	PRES	That young man of sixteen or seventeen smoking cigarettes barefoot on his roof in a peacoat too large , silhouetted by the beckoning moon . '
tr	PRES	A sudden gasp from beside me causes the image to shift again and I see an all too familiar sight .
tr	PRES	Violetta reaches out with her energy at the same time I reach out with mine .
tr	PRES	" For what it 's worth , I 've known Ashton all my life , and he loves you , loves you something fierce . "
tr	PAST	My heart leaped with joy when I recognized the loveable scowling face .
tr	PAST	He crouched beside the berth , searching for her throat pulse .
tr	PRES	I pul my helmet off and grab a bottle of Gatorade and my playbook .
tr	PAST	He came as close as he ever had to dancing , his arms outstretched above his head .
tr	PRES	" I 'll see you later , " he beamed .
tr	PAST	Focus kept her moving forward , right up until she found Josh sitting on her hood , cross trainers propped on her bumper , elbows on knees .
tr	PAST	A full moon low on the horizon provided just enough light to get around .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " Viktor whispered , clenching his head .
tr	PRES	" You assume incorrectly , cowboy .
tr	PRES	Derrick reaches out for my hands and tells me to take a deep breath and look him in the eye .
tr	PRES	" It won 't happen , " she finally whispers .
tr	PRES	" What kind of proof ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't you ever crave one ? "
tr	PRES	It tastes like feet . "
tr	PRES	She likes her life routine and predictable .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seventeen Mia We didn 't talk much on the way back to my place .
tr	PAST	In it Sir Galahad was given a sword and also a shield , both shrouded in mystery and magic .
tr	PRES	" Never run from me again , " he demanded harshly , his breathing ragged .
tr	PRES	Chapter 25 Isaiah I PACE OUTSIDE THE SHOP , feeling restless , a little wild .
tr	PAST	" Talked to a demon named Maury . "
tr	PAST	She urged him closer , grinding her h * ps harder against his face .
tr	PRES	( The noise echo 's through the whole house .
tr	PAST	Terror seized Roger 's face when the answer dawned on him .
tr	PRES	Wandering past Trent 's apartment door on my way to the gym , I freeze .
tr	PAST	' Nonsense , man , ' he boomed , ' if it were up to you this room would have been called something far worse ! '
tr	PRES	I assume this is the woman who 's tied me in knots since the moment I met her on the phone .
tr	PRES	Did Marj swim this week ? "
tr	PRES	" Very impressive Mr. Pierce .
tr	PAST	She then rotated the control dial , until the suit floated freely in front of her .
tr	PAST	Whatever was causing her anxiety needed to be resolved , at least reduced .
tr	PRES	As I walked back to my apartment , I reviewed in my mind what I had learned .
tr	PAST	" You treated me horribly , and I could 've treated you horribly right back , but I decided to end the relationship on good terms .
tr	PAST	" You taste so good , " he rasped against her flesh and turned his attention to her other breast .
tr	PRES	He holds up my hand .
tr	PAST	The dread deepened , lifting the hair at the back of Sarah 's neck .
tr	PRES	" He is not dead , " points out Curtis glibly .
tr	PRES	Oh and Stephen ... ' ' Yes ? '
tr	PRES	Yes , some whores even dyed that to match their heads .
tr	PAST	I giggled at the thought , but refused to answer when he asked me what was so funny .
tr	PRES	As I lie in bed , I hear my sister 's car return , the engine idling a long minute before the front door opens .
tr	PAST	The beast dove directly from behind with its wings spread and clipped both hunters from behind .
tr	PAST	Darius thanked the admiral with a quick and polite bow and turned around to exit the command center .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a section of Astroturf leaped up as a trap snapped shut , narrowly missing the wolf 's hind leg .
tr	PRES	He hates your kind . "
tr	PRES	" Not exactly , " Jamie mumbled .
tr	PAST	I scribbled onto the eraser board and held it up to the computer screen for them to see : Merry Christmas to you , too .
tr	PRES	A really BIG roller coaster .
tr	PRES	Lila grasps onto her drink as she twirls around , trying not to spill any .
tr	PRES	She climbs into the backseat and sits in the same spot where my brother was just sitting .
tr	PRES	An edge enters his voice and he pauses .
tr	PRES	Their plans for Thanksgiving , the way they celebrated holidays in general , national politics , music , movie and book tastes .
tr	PAST	He crawled into bed .
tr	PRES	Despite my fear , I detect a menace in his voice unlike anything I have ever heard before .
tr	PAST	Her smile painted on .
tr	PRES	The ownership of something pushes the link to be stronger , and you can 't own too much of a vast area or it weakens the crest .
tr	PRES	She glances down at her toe .
tr	PAST	She reread it a couple of times before she was convinced that she should post what she had written .
tr	PAST	He related the small cracking open of the door to Lara 's memory .
tr	PRES	When she releases my hand , it tingles and the strange feeling lingers .
tr	PRES	With my feet out the door , he stands between my legs .
tr	PRES	A terrified step backward causes Rift to collide with the smooth stone behind him , and suddenly , he understands .
tr	PAST	I grunted in reply , undressed , and washed off the dried , flaky blood .
tr	PRES	( pause ) Hello ?
tr	PRES	" Not even any of the scarves ? "
tr	PRES	Here , it whispers again .
tr	PAST	Aiden cocked his head to the side , jaw clenching .
tr	PRES	A smile plays at the corners of his mouth .
tr	PRES	Out of the corner of her eye she sees a drying cloth .
tr	PAST	He divided them into ten different companies , one thousand men each .
tr	PRES	He tries to hide the look of surprise that crosses him , but I catch it .
tr	PRES	Elder just stands there , begging me with his eyes to stop , to not make him think there 's any hope left .
tr	PRES	" That must be a big time-saver , " Ashe teased .
tr	PRES	Nobody approaches the building until there 's nothing left but cinders . "
tr	PRES	" He loves her and waters her and keeps her under a glass globe at night to protect her . "
tr	PAST	Simon squinted at the twisted , bent insignia with a frown .
tr	PRES	Mary returns with a second mug of ale , removing my empty one .
tr	PRES	Your first Homecoming Dance deserves a dress that 's more than cute .
tr	PRES	I haven 't seen you in a week , you never initiate hanging out .
tr	PAST	Rachel crouched down , and the cat rubbed against her legs .
tr	PRES	" Better you picked us than anyone else , " Gator teased .
tr	PRES	Two maidens down from Serena , Kai stops .
tr	PRES	Our instructor , Garrett , enters the room , his dark hair pulled back in a ponytail and he avoids looking at me , just like always .
tr	PAST	" Never thought it would , " Ashe yawned again .
tr	PRES	Riva hates the Marat for a variety of reasons . "
tr	PAST	You practically fled the apartment the other night . "
tr	PRES	He mutters something that she can 't make out , and then they wait in silence for the cover of trees to guarantee their safety .
tr	PAST	He flagged down a taxi , slammed the door hard and grunted out his destination .
tr	PAST	Julie thanked the two members of the network for their help and escorted them to the front door .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume he does .
tr	PAST	Somehow the thought of that bothered him as much as all the rest of it .
tr	PAST	She preferred painting because it was something they could do together .
tr	PRES	I 've got five weeks , five days of death glares left . "
tr	PRES	However , my sentence on this human still stands ! "
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked over her in quick appraisal as she walked forward .
tr	PAST	It bothered me without ever interesting me .
tr	PAST	She beamed , her eyes occasionally flitting towards the mantel where all her trophies were lined up in order of size .
tr	PAST	Izzy wavered in front of me , and I realized I was seeing her through tears .
tr	PAST	Razor giggled on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" And his partner in crime . "
tr	PRES	Cat opens it and we are inside a shop of some kind .
tr	PRES	Talking helps distract me a little .
tr	PAST	Her body vibrated with strength as she chose her first target .
tr	PRES	He glances warily at the speakers on the trim of the gas station , at the vacant pumps , then over to the street .
tr	PRES	Computer technology also plays a part in education of these new minds .
tr	PAST	Just because I don 't have the registration with me doesn 't mean I stole it . "
tr	PRES	But still ... hello !
tr	PRES	The clicking returns , louder this time .
tr	PAST	He slightly tipped his head down and lifted his eyebrows .
tr	PRES	" Look , Pete ... " " Forget it .
tr	PAST	" I should say yes , " he finally gritted out against her fingertips .
tr	PAST	They both sling a pair of military grade binoculars around their necks .
tr	PRES	I scratch the back of my head .
tr	PAST	The four men slowed , gathered , studied their aircraft , chests pumping for air .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together and rested them on her lap , seeming a bit nervous .
tr	PRES	" We may get into trouble doing this , " I warn him .
tr	PAST	It was a foggy day , the landscape painted in muted shades of grey .
tr	PRES	" She 's happy , that always helps .
tr	PAST	She slapped him hard across the face .
tr	PRES	And then she took off running toward the center of the store , the sound of his laughter ringing out behind her .
tr	PRES	" What of Morley ?
tr	PAST	Jason stripped off my pants , then shirt , then half carried me into the shower , propping me up with his own body .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , torn between escape and nobility .
tr	PAST	" How about with the whole lizard thing ?
tr	PAST	He crumpled it and stuck it in the pocket of his tan pants .
tr	PRES	He hates that . "
tr	PAST	And he added a winking smiley at the end of the message before typing in , " Got ta go . "
tr	PAST	Her cheeks faintly deepened in color and she looked away from me .
tr	PAST	Engines roaring , the Fokker swung eight miles to the south and climbed to twelve thousand feet , then circled the forest in a holding pattern .
tr	PRES	" But what about the location of the Fourteenth Colony ?
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand .
tr	PAST	The rain delayed me so long that the season is late already .
tr	PAST	The structure of life once provided by the Regime was missing , and in this great void yawned a vast emptiness of feeling and experience .
tr	PRES	Its blue eyes shone so bright they torched whorls of colour in my vision .
tr	PAST	Only the buzzing of insects intruded on the silence .
tr	PRES	It tends to knock the galley around a bit . "
tr	PRES	He attempts to reach the knife that has been completely submerged into his stomach .
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? '
tr	PAST	Eddie based his position on those of the other combatants , selecting a place that gave him space and a good vantage .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , then suck in my breath and concentrate on the darkness in my chest .
tr	PRES	" What about Stephan ? "
tr	PAST	He massaged lightly back and forth over her pelvis .
tr	PRES	" The wolves ? "
tr	PAST	Weird high-pitched music pierced my ears .
tr	PAST	The surviving members of our tribe circled the lone soldier .
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon , and what is your name , then . "
tr	PAST	Kyle motioned to his brother .
tr	PRES	" Because , " I snap .
tr	PAST	She pretended not to notice she was crying .
tr	PRES	Janelle clears her throat as I reach them and says , " It 's a he .
tr	PRES	" My brother loves you , and I 'm not sad that you are his main concern now .
tr	PRES	The soldiers stomp stomp stomp through the rain , crushing leaves and fallen snow under their feet .
tr	PRES	It all then bursts in a explosion of light and blood .
tr	PRES	Push with all your might . "
tr	PRES	Although Rhona was wel aware al that could change in a moment .
tr	PRES	" Not sure what to do here , your highness .
tr	PRES	Well done , Kas , you idiot !
tr	PAST	Twenty feet to his left stood a coyote in a defensive posture , teeth exposed , growling at the boy .
tr	PRES	Stewart had matches and , for a moment , Matthew half expected to be lifted to the deck above to find them .
tr	PRES	He attempts to make more small talk but I treat his questions as if they are rhetorical , even if they aren 't .
tr	PAST	I prayed for strength to get through the night .
tr	PAST	Adara yawned and blinked , and heard it again .
tr	PRES	" Trust me , Andy .
tr	PRES	He lets me pull him down until he is only inches from my face , and then he stills and turns to look at me .
tr	PAST	Two days later I received her call as drops of water were making their journey from the heavens in the strange moonlight rain .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my mouth full to the brim and closed my eyes and chewed very , very slowly .
tr	PAST	In just two hours , Paulette transformed into a lifeless shell with expressionless face .
tr	PAST	Sarah writhed and tried to kick out .
tr	PAST	But he lied to you .
tr	PAST	Pleased with herself , Carolyn giggled .
tr	PRES	His grin matches the vibrant colours of his sombrero .
tr	PAST	" I want you , " he rasped as his head lifted .
tr	PRES	The nationwide audience sighs approval .
tr	PRES	" You 're not making sense , lass .
tr	PRES	" Frances told me to tell you she likes your style , Brynne .
tr	PRES	" Simple -- an icicle dagger is the perfect murder weapon -- the evidence melts away -- no finger prints , nothing to trace .
tr	PAST	The rest of the men froze in panic .
tr	PRES	The other quickly rips Jacob 's arm from the socket .
tr	PRES	" Which brings me to my point . "
tr	PRES	He misses teaching the Bible and I miss being able to criticize his messages . "
tr	PAST	She motioned for me to follow , this time off the trails , heading directly northwest .
tr	PRES	" Most impressive . "
tr	PAST	" ... Nigel said he wrote the song , but Oscar claimed that he did .
tr	PAST	After throwing everything inside , he zipped it quickly .
tr	PAST	Suzy was staring at him , her eyes blinking at him like an owl .
tr	PRES	I crouch low to listen to Cassie 's laughter as she jumps while they twirl their ropes about her .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the rear-view mirror so he could meet my eyes .
tr	PAST	" Interesting , " Lavina grunted as they lifted it to the bench top and pulled away the newspaper .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I do have another ... option , " she lied .
tr	PAST	We sped out of the cemetery while Geneva Roller screamed at us .
tr	PAST	He phoned me . "
tr	PAST	The whole world froze around me and I stopped breathing .
tr	PAST	" A few days later I received the news from other comrades that on that morning the hall , overloaded with grain , had collapsed .
tr	PAST	" You accused me of being a liar and in a way , I guess I was .
tr	PAST	It smashed into Scylla instead , crushing his side under a ton of twisted , rusting steel .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe her for me ? "
tr	PRES	The waitress eases into a chair across from us .
tr	PRES	Durkin Senior likes to talk when he drinks .
tr	PRES	Tammie pushes his face away .
tr	PAST	Marcus stiffened beneath his sister 's hug as he made eye contact with the only other person in the room .
tr	PAST	I motioned him inside .
tr	PRES	Kai lays a reassuring hand on Rayne 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Wiping the snot with the back of my hand , I sniffed again .
tr	PRES	Now every creature ages .
tr	PAST	It shone with a dull light , like the blood-red moon .
tr	PRES	I slap my cheek to wake myself out my hormonal stupor .
tr	PRES	The pain fades to a dull ache , and I collapse against my closed door , trying to catch my breath .
tr	PAST	Jasmin phoned Tommy , to find he was there too , enjoying a cup of coffee and a doughnut .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , calling on the crisp night air to calm my flaring temper .
tr	PRES	" It kills me not to understand . "
tr	PRES	I bury my head in the pillow .
tr	PAST	The banishing spell disintegrated .
tr	PRES	" It stinks down ' ere , " Eve mumbled through her plugged nose .
tr	PAST	Mom visited on almost every bus trip .
tr	PAST	She giggled against my chest .
tr	PAST	They named the baby John and said he was a miracle baby , born at the very edge of death .
tr	PAST	She froze , with shock and cold and outrage .
tr	PAST	Dimitri glided with the prince across the room to the Lycan council table , taking her with him .
tr	PAST	" There 's no need to pout , vampire , " the lethal female chided .
tr	PRES	Serena dives in after Kai .
tr	PRES	Then he reaches into the pocket of his jacket and hands me a Hershey 's bar .
tr	PAST	Mitch pretended to be dense .
tr	PRES	Later that night I text him again .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his hand from mine and placed it on my back , pressed me forward as he answered , " No .
tr	PRES	" That explains why everyone 's running around like you set their asses on fire . "
tr	PAST	arose from a deep , instinctive place in the hearts and minds of the people .
tr	PAST	He flicked it again and again until she suddenly squeezed her thighs close , imprisoning his hand between it .
tr	PRES	Caroline tries to help me walk .
tr	PRES	The urgency in his voice shocks me still ; my complaint dies on my lips .
tr	PAST	Before leaving the bathroom , Hoppy vomited .
tr	PRES	" Everyone deserves better than to be controlled and hurt .
tr	PAST	Billy Jakes slapped him on the back in the News Shop .
tr	PRES	" Uh , thanks , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	A single bubbling hole adorned his grisly neck , pulsing , pulsing .
tr	PAST	Her gaze was tightly focused on him , not even a glance at the guests on either side of red carpet she trod with deliberately measured steps .
tr	PAST	Varg looked over at Tavi with narrowed eyes , his ears pricked forward .
tr	PRES	He lets Dad get away with a total dodge .
tr	PAST	Immediately the intricately wrought gates parted , revealing a short driveway that led to a sprawling Spanish bungalow .
tr	PRES	" What passes here ? "
tr	PAST	Mike tugged at the front of his shirt .
tr	PAST	He promptly conjured a light orb , causing the skeleton to snap its head in his direction .
tr	PAST	" Here , stranger , " she advised as she tipped the mug against his lips .
tr	PAST	Then , she stood and washed his hair , her touch soothing as she gently massaged his scalp .
tr	PAST	Or at least the version of him before The Shade destroyed him .
tr	PRES	He explains without taking off his eyes from the road .
tr	PAST	I prayed I didn 't get fired .
tr	PRES	And , his sister likes to follow , also . "
tr	PAST	She clutched at the sheet again and peered at him , distress on her face .
tr	PRES	Nobody else pays attention to me like he does , so the others probably won 't notice that I 'm ill .
tr	PAST	Instead , she unfolded the crisp paper , and saw the letterhead of Eidolon Corporation .
tr	PRES	Her tangles of red hair shone brightly in the moonlight and her dress clung tight to her body , swelling in all the right places .
tr	PRES	My eyeball pops and gooey streaks flood down my cheek .
tr	PRES	Brielle buys everything I 'm selling .
tr	PAST	The karate woman 's eyes glazed over and her voice took on an airy tone .
tr	PAST	The circular blur of color matched my thoughts in speed and tempo .
tr	PAST	He regarded me with thinly veiled interest , and his eyes swept over my bandaged neck .
tr	PAST	The carcass split open , spilling the vampire onto the cave floor .
tr	PRES	" Somebody owes Prescott some money .
tr	PAST	So we recruit great players to represent our school , like voting for representatives in politics .
tr	PAST	I reentered the restaurant and I stood by the door looking out at the street .
tr	PAST	She feared so much that he would say he couldn 't get involved .
tr	PRES	She summons 7 new dwarf bodyguards within 24 hours .
tr	PRES	She stands and crosses herself in a way that Isaac would disapprove of , though the priests she knew as a child would find it only fitting .
tr	PRES	" Just think , sis .
tr	PAST	I inhaled slowly to calm the acid that was making its way up into my throat .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth stormed down the hallway .
tr	PRES	I dive back into the ship .
tr	PRES	Dios was trembling , his body rocking slowly back and forth .
tr	PRES	Either way , the fault lies with him . "
tr	PRES	Holden delved into a leather knapsack to extract a taper and a tinderbox .
tr	PRES	Echo inhales sharply when I shift her turn onto my back .
tr	PRES	" Please , he loves me ! "
tr	PAST	Alicia crawled inside the cave after spying her .
tr	PRES	But nothing ever changes . "
tr	PAST	Gillespie motioned us toward the animal pens .
tr	PAST	As she let it go , the complete darkness of the woods engulfed her .
tr	PAST	" Carley Lyons phoned this morning and said she was driving to Spokane .
tr	PAST	" Go and see who it is , " he urged her on .
tr	PAST	" You pricked his pride when you left him , my darling .
tr	PRES	Everything I decide directly affects who lives or dies . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled deeply and then I opened my eyes again .
tr	PRES	" I assume so . "
tr	PAST	He extracted a visiting card and handed it to Bond .
tr	PRES	Ian who always folds up his potato chip bags into neat squares before he throws them away .
tr	PAST	" Oh , God ... " Curtis didn 't move .
tr	PRES	" Back to you , Quentin . "
tr	PRES	" The Porsche . "
tr	PAST	He grunted behind me .
tr	PRES	He deals with this kind of thing all the time . "
tr	PAST	After a jolt of astonishment , the vampire froze .
tr	PRES	" The Star Wars fella ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't overreact , Elijah .
tr	PAST	And so Mary proposed a little test .
tr	PAST	At least the dark gods protected their own .
tr	PRES	The question remains , however , just who were they and what were they doing breaking into such a place in the middle of the night ?
tr	PRES	He removes his jacket and wraps it around my shoulders , holding onto my arm as he walks me across the street .
tr	PAST	The first notes bore jewels ; the later notes do not . "
tr	PRES	Brand 's insulting challenge enraged him , and he shattered a dozen or so large boulders with the sword before he got control of himself .
tr	PRES	And those healthy green plants .
tr	PAST	Avery tensed , waiting for an argument , for him to sweep her up in his arms , for something .
tr	PRES	Flashes of bright red and yellow bursting out above what was indeed the city of Washington .
tr	PAST	Rina pretended to give the idea some thought , but Emma caught the smile on her lips and knew the young woman had already decided .
tr	PRES	He stank of poisonous sweat and rotting flesh .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the nail driven through his feet .
tr	PRES	I snap my mouth closed .
tr	PRES	" Melissa Lauren - " " No , Dad , " I stopped the scold dead in its tracks .
tr	PAST	She clutched the sheaf of sketches , shielding her dangerous new knowledge beneath the Chevalier 's warm cape .
tr	PRES	I just assume they don 't feel fear .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , shaking her head .
tr	PRES	This thought tickles me and a bubble of laughter rises to my throat .
tr	PAST	Such an advanced piece of technology and they couldn 't fit some form of passing the time in it .
tr	PRES	" You assume that I want to make love to you ? "
tr	PAST	According to Josephus , he ruled for 37 years , 34 years of them after capturing Jerusalem .
tr	PRES	And moved again , not able settle with comfort in his seat .
tr	PRES	He holds all the strings . "
tr	PAST	He wriggled but there was nothing he could do .
tr	PAST	Still , she pitched forward into the arms of a man who was reaching for her .
tr	PRES	He holds it out to me , and I actually reach out to take my stray hair back .
tr	PRES	How long before she begins to walk the borders of the Twisted Kingdom ? "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Horace .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with emotion .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ! "
tr	PRES	He begins to pull on the restraints .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	So a robot - " " Enough ! "
tr	PRES	" Now these have all been practice notations , " Quickly explains .
tr	PAST	Alexia rather preferred to drink tea and eat chocolate , but Genevieve was French and had to be allowed some measure of European behavior .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , giving him a shove to the shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Who Gladys ? "
tr	PRES	She lets me go and claps her hands several times rapidly .
tr	PAST	Rick chugged his beer and wiped his mouth .
tr	PRES	" Sabrina loves Isaac , Sheila .
tr	PRES	The crunching smack of their punches echoed across the silent , still acreage .
tr	PAST	He spewed over the side .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head wildly , she sobbed , " I can 't listen to this .
tr	PAST	Epilogue Hunter 's investigation in the following weeks proved that Dolores and Neil had been destroyed as they tried to enter the tunnel system .
tr	PAST	" Y just want to go parking with him , " Doug accused me .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen . "
tr	PRES	Her face was deathly pale , her breathing shallow .
tr	PRES	Her suspicion brings me a small sense of gratification .
tr	PAST	He clasped her trembling hand to the pulse point below his scar .
tr	PRES	Did KGB teach you nothing ? "
tr	PAST	He dared three more steps ahead , paused and listened ; nothing but the sound of the fountain .
tr	PRES	A trail of light spears across the sky , and I point at it .
tr	PAST	Junior nearly busted his eardrums with his next screech .
tr	PAST	He glided in his graceful , silent way to her side , wrapping an arm around her shoulders .
tr	PAST	" Yes , you are , " Kylie countered .
tr	PRES	She hears her mother calling .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , late at night , she blamed him , too .
tr	PAST	No children -- though his wife blamed her two miscarriages on their arguments and his verbal abuse .
tr	PAST	I collapsed for a final few minutes of rest .
tr	PRES	Did you rip the pillow ? "
tr	PRES	The merc pushes to his feet .
tr	PAST	Conrad froze halfway down to pick up his polo shirt off the ground .
tr	PRES	" The Scribe ? "
tr	PAST	She toys with the collar on my flannel shirt , her wet fingers grazing my neck , sending shivers down my back .
tr	PRES	" Crom , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	I stiffened so Riley did too , looking up sharply at the visitor .
tr	PAST	His voice boomed inside my head .
tr	PRES	I casually lean back against Micha 's chest , as if I 'm doing it by accident .
tr	PAST	His face froze as he realized what he 'd just said .
tr	PAST	Before I could speak , the overwhelming spasms engulfed me .
tr	PRES	" Well , shit , Tam .
tr	PAST	She accompanied her words with expressive eye movements .
tr	PAST	Paul slapped his head .
tr	PRES	' Mr Briggs . '
tr	PAST	The man extended his hand .
tr	PAST	She rinsed the bloody cleaning rag under the bath tap and wrung it out over the drain .
tr	PRES	Sean 's touch changes and sends a surge of lust shooting through my veins .
tr	PRES	Slow motion highlights replayed on the screen , holding their attention for a moment .
tr	PAST	" Because she stole it . "
tr	PRES	He brings out emotions in her that she never knew were there .
tr	PAST	The sharpness in her voice pierced their bliss like a pin through the skin of a balloon .
tr	PRES	Storm swears she 's found her angels .
tr	PAST	So many unanswered questions .
tr	PAST	What about gin rummy ? "
tr	PRES	" We warn them .
tr	PAST	Jeff adjusted his grip on the sword as Harrison raised his and stepped forward with an overhand swing .
tr	PRES	" Good morning , Miss Kelly , " he mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	" Speak not of my losses or troubles this day , my friend , " he stated , motioning at the horse .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , Partner Elijah . "
tr	PRES	" All sorts of things . "
tr	PRES	She points the large needle at me , as it slowly floats over towards me .
tr	PAST	He shuddering and clutched at her , releasing his load in one final deep thrust .
tr	PRES	she screamed , her voice almost rattling the windows .
tr	PRES	She glances at the phone in my hand .
tr	PAST	The grounds supervisor advised the players that the course was in great shape and the pin positions were set-up tough .
tr	PAST	He invaded her senses as he tasted her with a reckless abandon that , although it caused her toes to curl , somehow soothed her body .
tr	PRES	" She deserves so much better than you . "
tr	PRES	Possibly another rebellion , but no one is sure .
tr	PAST	He cleaned out the mechanism , though it doesn 't seem to have resulted in much of a change .
tr	PRES	He strokes my face as the pain ebbs .
tr	PAST	Tory crawled over to me .
tr	PRES	Then I carefully wrap the empty needle up with my old gown and shove it down above the red stained ones .
tr	PAST	Gary tensed next to her .
tr	PAST	He sniffed at the deck -- drunk and stoned ?
tr	PAST	No matter whom he 'd slept with in the past , I doubted Carson would be fumbling with the buttons on my shirt .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms , waiting for the dreaded but .
tr	PAST	" I attended one of your brothers ' ceremonies . "
tr	PAST	Tearing her gaze away , she eyed the door and fought the urge to run .
tr	PRES	Prissy , prim Evie actually snorts at me !
tr	PAST	I prayed for it . "
tr	PAST	She tugged his arm , the warmth of her touch reaching through his race jacket as she pulled him closer to the observation window .
tr	PAST	" I ditched him . "
tr	PAST	Finn 's eyes glowed with a bright blue intensity .
tr	PRES	A sceptical expression plays on his lips , and I worry that maybe I should have just said I had heard of them .
tr	PRES	So basically , our economy somehow bears and breeds unworthiness . "
tr	PAST	" They 'll understand , " he urged .
tr	PAST	Only his wife sometimes teased him by calling him God .
tr	PAST	Robert eyed the closed door thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I had only a few seconds to think .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a bright light invaded the dark bedroom .
tr	PAST	The cats delighted in the colorful clothing circus parading around the shelter .
tr	PAST	The ape 's gaze stayed tight , the head cocked at a curious angle .
tr	PAST	There thrived the only life left on the miserable island .
tr	PRES	It opens doors , if you want to do that .
tr	PAST	Jack eyed him from head to toe and then back again .
tr	PAST	After dark , Vanessa parks the truck for good .
tr	PAST	The toothless man mumbled something calmly and then dropped the torch , startling her .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a painful groan as I struggled to breathe and replenish the oxygen my body so badly craved .
tr	PRES	Will pushes back his hair , his expression somewhere between guilty and embarrassed .
tr	PAST	Ordinary people abused time .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	I won 't bite , but ... maybe that is what you are in to these days , " Finn teased .
tr	PAST	I carved that and stained it several years ago . "
tr	PRES	Between songs one of the boys from the band snuck around back of our cage with a bottle in his hands .
tr	PAST	I acted like I understood what it 's like to be physically different , because I do understand .
tr	PAST	Her eyes were half-open , the reflected firelight flickering in their brown depths .
tr	PRES	' I know , sweetie .
tr	PAST	A pair of eyes glowed a few inches away .
tr	PRES	He loves to sing for us and we love lookin ' at him -- I mean , listening to him . "
tr	PRES	Crewe slows , takes my gun from me , and ushers us ahead of him .
tr	PRES	" Don 't mess with my girl , " he announces .
tr	PRES	Peter opens the door to the incinerator .
tr	PRES	A plastic pony light switch , a pony bed lamp , pony wallpaper and bedspread .
tr	PRES	" Listen up , you wench !
tr	PRES	" Alex , just relax . "
tr	PRES	The Orb lies asleep at the center of these fields . "
tr	PRES	He stops , turns to me and tucks a piece of hair behind my ear .
tr	PRES	" Beth likes it . "
tr	PRES	blah blah blah " .
tr	PAST	What really bothered Darcy was the fact that Sakura was responding , even if she didn 't know it herself .
tr	PRES	Rory roars , ripping away from Vanessa .
tr	PAST	She stomped her foot , saying , " Why not ? "
tr	PRES	Even the minutest hint . "
tr	PAST	When reality caught up to her foolish impulse , she stiffened and stepped out of his embrace .
tr	PRES	He reaches to take it from me , possessive of it .
tr	PRES	I lean closer to him , turning my head so that my mouth is right by his neck .
tr	PAST	In that moment , more than any other before it , I trusted in the Goddess .
tr	PAST	In an impressive feat of flexibility , she snaked her body out the open window without ever opening the door .
tr	PRES	Mom stops cleaning and peers at me as if she 's trying to read my mind and simultaneously tell my fortune .
tr	PRES	Footsteps padded into the room .
tr	PAST	A bit more restrained . "
tr	PAST	Joe detailed the latest intel provided by a CRI where they believed the major transfers were taking place .
tr	PAST	I giggled and shook my head .
tr	PAST	It will be tricky , " Delilah announced apprehensively .
tr	PAST	She stormed to the mess tent and became even more perturbed seeing how many men were still eating .
tr	PRES	I exhale all of the air that had ever been contained in me .
tr	PAST	" Has he collected any bee nectar lately ? "
tr	PAST	Mark adjusted a mantle clock so it sat perfectly straight on a display shelf .
tr	PRES	" The fuck you talking about ? "
tr	PRES	Hell , knowing you , half the hospital probably owes you a favor . "
tr	PAST	With his thumb , he flicked my clit , and that was all it took .
tr	PAST	The Bitch wagged her tail once , slowly , to please me .
tr	PAST	He leaped at him , dragging him backward in a punishing embrace before the guard could so much as squawk .
tr	PRES	With a cautious glance at Kevin , she reaches down to take something from her backpack .
tr	PAST	Forced blooms glowed with fresh spring colors in gilded pots .
tr	PAST	She slapped the chair 's arm .
tr	PRES	Sleep if you can .
tr	PAST	Preston itched to feel the cool metal of the trigger beneath his finger .
tr	PAST	I scooted forward with the line , my mind going over Saturday night for the thousandth time .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " she mumbled roughly .
tr	PAST	" Prince Charming , obviously . "
tr	PAST	Delicate fingers caressed the flawlessly sanded wood .
tr	PRES	Her smile shone across her face . '
tr	PAST	But when he saw what was written about the date she had given , everything froze .
tr	PRES	" Not a scratch on me . "
tr	PAST	She squinted , trying in vain to read the small card .
tr	PRES	" The gossip chain never stops .
tr	PAST	Mom slowed the car .
tr	PAST	" Yes , trusted elder .
tr	PRES	" Is that you breathing so hard , moron ? "
tr	PAST	" That 's better , " he cheerfully exclaimed .
tr	PRES	I lean in and hug him , careful of my injured side .
tr	PAST	But Papa rarely smoked the aromatic cigars anymore .
tr	PAST	He propped it between his boots and jammed the crow bar partially into it .
tr	PRES	" Such a heartfelt apology . "
tr	PRES	" This changes everything . "
tr	PAST	Barrett Wilson treated me very badly and I don 't mind telling anybody that . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm sorry , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	" I won 't be there to clean up your careless calculations again , " she taunted .
tr	PRES	" Mostly lies and just horrible people saying horrible things because it gets attention .
tr	PRES	My body melts to liquid .
tr	PRES	Womack winks and chews when I chew , swallow and burp more cookie crumbs .
tr	PRES	Unable to pause for even a moment to think , Rift dives into the air as the final pillar drops out from beneath him .
tr	PRES	Landing without any hassle he straightened his clothes , dislodging a fizzy chew from his pocket in the process .
tr	PRES	She glanced up at him and he was watching her , dark eyes gleaming .
tr	PRES	" Really ... that works ... you just add this ... zero . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , your highness .
tr	PRES	She sees that I am looking and shakes her hair back to cover it .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her hand into her mouth , biting hard to keep from screaming .
tr	PAST	The pole inched further in and Michael touched it to her again and she yelled again .
tr	PRES	Elliott comments on what a well behaved baby he is , how smart he seems to be , and what an amazing disposition he possesses .
tr	PAST	A search of her mind revealed her name .
tr	PRES	And me , standing there , waving those silly red flags . "
tr	PAST	Love flicked his indicator to turn left into MI6 .
tr	PAST	They ruled suicide out .
tr	PRES	You belong to me . "
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed azure in the firelight , his face extraordinary .
tr	PRES	The ocean roars , pounding waves into the sand .
tr	PRES	The rents aren 't yours , they belong to Lady Margaret . "
tr	PAST	I stiffened a bit and looked up at her , shaking my head .
tr	PAST	He preferred it that way .
tr	PRES	She reaches for her iPod on the seat .
tr	PRES	Aidan moved closer , unseen , a dangerous predator hunting prey .
tr	PRES	My tablet and the paperwork I stole lies face up .
tr	PRES	He swallowed , his eyes flashing before he brought himself under control .
tr	PRES	" Too severe damage ; impossible to cure . "
tr	PRES	Our house , I think , mentally correcting myself .
tr	PAST	She swiped the sponge over the curve of his ribs , then lower , skimming the top of the injury .
tr	PRES	" You sound like my mom , " I teased .
tr	PRES	It lacks the access panels to the ducts that we encountered in the maintenance room .
tr	PAST	Pendleton scratched Maury behind his ears , and the puppy yawned with much gusto .
tr	PRES	It changes a man -- losing a son -- it makes nonsense of everything I 've ever lived for .
tr	PRES	May points to a massive wooden bookshelf full of books and trinkets .
tr	PRES	To help decorate the new club opening on the island .
tr	PAST	I dared not take my eyes from the pool of mist , nostrils flaring as I took in breath and blood pumping through my veins .
tr	PAST	His arms circled her , pulling her close .
tr	PRES	Not that I disagree with him , but he 's actually crazy .
tr	PAST	' He stole my cases ! '
tr	PAST	Liquid sloshed from somewhere within the machine , as if a giant spoon were pushing water in a giant bowl back and forth .
tr	PRES	Next I fetch honey from the hives .
tr	PRES	' Fucking psycho . '
tr	PRES	He glances at me sideways , then turns the magazine vertical and studies it closely .
tr	PAST	Regret pierced her , sharp and poignant .
tr	PRES	The letter flashes through my mind and stops any words from leaving my lips .
tr	PAST	Molly exclaimed , appalled at Ian 's outfit .
tr	PAST	He baited another hook , and they traded poles .
tr	PAST	The mathematics section baffled me .
tr	PAST	Alicia tugged on his jeans , her eyes wide with pleading mirth .
tr	PRES	' Everyone likes a battler , mister .
tr	PRES	Either that or she trusts him more than she trusts us .
tr	PRES	She sees that his book is still open to the same page as it had been when he first sat down .
tr	PRES	She loves him , Drake .
tr	PRES	Xander stands as well , walks over , and pushes the Mic button .
tr	PAST	Laird McDonald blanched and then shoved himself upward again .
tr	PAST	With that in mind , Lea slowly proceeded into her attack 's range , hoping that Payton would stay in place .
tr	PAST	She squinted into the darkness , but could not find where the night ended and the stranger began .
tr	PAST	He squinted as he looked up at the sky .
tr	PRES	" Do you really believe I 'll hurt you , lass ? "
tr	PRES	" You up for a few rounds ? "
tr	PRES	" Shhh , " Jack whispers , gently rubbing the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	She climbs down and stands beside us , remaining silent .
tr	PAST	The part of her that functioned well when her world was orderly , approved of the shrine and subsequent resolve .
tr	PAST	Then I 'm not that forgettable , " I joked .
tr	PRES	Aston snorts and glances at me .
tr	PRES	When the petals were consumed he slipped a blindfold of soft petals woven together around her head , the fragrance heady with passion .
tr	PAST	Anderson 's 9 mm never wavered from Kirstie , threatening the person guaranteed to keep them both in line .
tr	PRES	He lets go right away .
tr	PRES	Because I recall things going way farther between us before and never receiving an apology for that . "
tr	PAST	Alden hooked an arm around the boy 's thin shoulders and led him back to the gathered group .
tr	PAST	They think she 's stuck-up or something , " stated Jean dispassionately .
tr	PRES	His awkward fourteen-year-old whiskers .
tr	PAST	They dove out of the way just in time .
tr	PRES	" Just for principle , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Give me one , " I plead .
tr	PRES	An iPod plays on the nightstand and I grin when I hear the music .
tr	PRES	In his final entry he opens a small shop in Biloxi .
tr	PRES	" Just leave him here in the trailer - " " I own him , not the stables .
tr	PRES	" It 's fast , " Nine explains .
tr	PAST	" Big baby , " she mumbled , gathering her supplies .
tr	PAST	He appealed to the scientist in her .
tr	PRES	No wiggle this time .
tr	PAST	Beside her I could see the faint outline of the First , their hands clasped together .
tr	PAST	His devilish chuckle rumbled in her ear .
tr	PRES	Max begins writing Officer Kent 's address .
tr	PRES	" House guest . "
tr	PAST	Hester 's shoulders wriggled with the fevered anticipation of youth .
tr	PRES	" It creeps me out too , but the last thing he 'll do is come back here . "
tr	PAST	He crawled forward reaching out to his old friend .
tr	PAST	Flashing blots battled lazily before my eyes like a vortex of oil and water .
tr	PRES	Our grips relax as I focus on my work .
tr	PRES	Something occurs to me , looking at where he is standing .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked out on an exploratory mission .
tr	PRES	" Not pleasant , or not a surprise ? "
tr	PAST	The others sit immobile , transfixed by the granite of the room that fastens Danny to the floor as the urine stains his trousers and my skirt .
tr	PAST	The bag froze in his hand .
tr	PAST	She stowed the cooking materials without comment , but paused at the cot .
tr	PRES	Gnome Bombs Photo bombs with garden gnomes .
tr	PRES	The Chief stands up and signals for the ceremony to silence .
tr	PRES	" Don 't ever leave me again , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	Thrilled ... overjoyed ... exhilarated ... those didn 't do it justice either .
tr	PAST	Jesse thanked him for that , but was also slightly puzzled .
tr	PAST	The lapels were a dark gray color , the shirt underneath matched the lapels and his tie matched the suit that perfectly matched his eyes .
tr	PAST	Hank Curtis ' murderer received the report of Sam 's departure from Port Mason calmly .
tr	PAST	Before I could utter another apology that he ignored , the elevator announced my betrayal .
tr	PAST	About eight strides measured the distance from the door to the windows , and about twenty from side to side .
tr	PAST	With his phone he scrolled down the list .
tr	PRES	I spring up from my seat , unable to contain how happy and relieved I am to see him .
tr	PAST	" Oh no , " exclaimed Sam .
tr	PRES	And red rain falls when the beast flies .
tr	PAST	The silvery roof of the Chrysler Building , fifty blocks downtown , glowed like a poker left too long in the fire .
tr	PRES	The blotches , the wrinkles , the silver strands .
tr	PRES	" I love you dearly , Eva , but this is Avery 's deal .
tr	PAST	A frown tugged at the corners of Cordelia 's full lips .
tr	PAST	And not only hadn 't she trusted Josh 's commitment to her , but she 'd tried to keep Beck 's visit a secret .
tr	PRES	Their heads swivel on their shoulders as they take in the house .
tr	PAST	" Well , if you can 't run with the bitches , stay under the porch , " advised Ava Jane dryly .
tr	PAST	Edie tensed and her words suddenly became defensive .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat and a smile curled my lips .
tr	PAST	Willow screeched as she saw the ghouls above him kick and pound him into the ground .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply and began to choke .
tr	PAST	" And icing ? "
tr	PAST	Daddy smacked his hands together and rubbed them like he was getting ready to role a pair of dice .
tr	PAST	She negotiated the first two steps , and missed her footing on the third .
tr	PAST	Dominic hauled her to him , and right in front of everyone said , " You were wrong about Alethea , Abby .
tr	PAST	The undead mass shuffled closer , then one by one began to rush toward the group .
tr	PAST	The room exploded and reverberated with the retort .
tr	PRES	" That story is really out there , " Jason comments .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me right then and pulls me to him .
tr	PAST	" Until , of course , you abandoned us to get a real job . "
tr	PRES	It kills your wiggle room , and you 'll have to pull straight A 's for the rest of the semester .
tr	PAST	he inquired , unable to believe it was true .
tr	PAST	A sound like breaking rocks rumbled in the darkness beneath me .
tr	PRES	" Can they spare them down there ?
tr	PRES	" Maybe he just sees me as I really am .
tr	PAST	A low , rumbling groan vibrated through his body , into hers , tingling along her nerve endings .
tr	PRES	She begins hopping from one wall to the next and down two alleys before disappearing from view .
tr	PAST	Anton weaved a path to the only open table , waving at a few of the waitresses behind the counter , who blushed almost immediately .
tr	PRES	He glances at the half full bottle of JD .
tr	PRES	" See , George , she hates me . "
tr	PAST	A temporary silence invaded the cab , but not for long .
tr	PRES	" Pink draws out the Pink Pixies .
tr	PRES	West 's mouth pops open , then he shuts it .
tr	PRES	She loves my uncle Harry . "
tr	PRES	Silence falls between us .
tr	PAST	He just reclined next to me and held up some reading material of his own .
tr	PRES	" My timing ? "
tr	PAST	But no matter how I broached the subject , he dismissed it .
tr	PAST	He rustled around in the kitchen before returning to his seat with a heaping plate of food .
tr	PAST	everyone urged the boys , but Dickens and Eric , although soaked in water , hands aching , still didn 't give up .
tr	PRES	When he threw it to me , the ball became a face again and said , " Two points , two points ! "
tr	PAST	He unzipped the back of her dress and pushed the slender straps down her arms , letting it fall to the floor at her feet .
tr	PRES	But when he held her naked body against his own , nothing else mattered .
tr	PRES	Later , after I 'd dried my eyes and composed myself , I confronted him . "
tr	PRES	" So my friend , who sent you down to scope us out , hmm ? "
tr	PRES	Dirty , muddy , sinful , shameful ... He shook his head .
tr	PAST	His hand finally glided down over her bottom and he reached low as it slid down the back her thigh and he gently cocked her leg .
tr	PRES	In the end , fear cost me much .
tr	PRES	He reaches down to the side of the tub and grabs the bar of soap , tearing off the soaked paper packaging .
tr	PAST	She tipped the driver and waited for him to pull away before looking around for the source of her discomfort .
tr	PAST	" Well ... " she extended a hand .
tr	PRES	" Oh , well done , " murmurs the duchess .
tr	PRES	He chuckles as he turns back to me , and one of his eyebrows rises just a little higher than the other .
tr	PRES	" That must have been horrible for you , " he murmurs as he strokes my back with his fingers .
tr	PRES	At least someone here likes me .
tr	PRES	Laurie , Laurie , Laurie .
tr	PRES	His mouth purses together but he presses on .
tr	PAST	But something unyielding in her shrank from the promise .
tr	PRES	She sees the flared haunches of Mrs. Parson coming at her down the steps and feels her arm behind .
tr	PAST	Margaret froze and stared up at the officer .
tr	PRES	The two Winchester guys vanish .
tr	PRES	What if it holds the thing that they were searching for ?
tr	PAST	Resting my chin against my knees , I swiped at the wetness .
tr	PAST	" He fingered Bill and Jerry again , " Steve reported an hour later .
tr	PAST	A marble balustrade , waist-high , protected the bridge 's edges .
tr	PRES	" My brother , Charlie , holds forty-eight percent . "
tr	PAST	" It has its purpose , " she countered .
tr	PAST	Linda collected her tickets and checked in with the rest of them .
tr	PRES	She stands patiently , as if she expected me .
tr	PAST	I screeched to a halt in front of the lobby receptionist .
tr	PRES	His dog , Diego , a black Labrador , padded over to him .
tr	PRES	The rotor wash of the helicopter pounded the scrub brush around them .
tr	PAST	My father stole you .
tr	PAST	" Please , " Kira sobbed , unable to imagine the pain worsening .
tr	PRES	" Thirty-two bucks a bottle . "
tr	PRES	" It explains a lot , too . "
tr	PAST	She caressed his shoulders and ran her hands down his biceps as he braced himself above her .
tr	PAST	Their surrender shattered them both .
tr	PRES	Julia arches an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	" He was probably just checking out my ass or something , " Olivia joked , hoping to lighten the mood .
tr	PRES	You severely underestimate me .
tr	PAST	They hooked me up to the machine and left me .
tr	PRES	He lets the candy dish drop rather violently to his feet .
tr	PAST	Hart caressed the letters of baby Graham 's name .
tr	PAST	Dani giggled and rolled her eyes towards Dec 's butt , just in case I hadn 't noticed its awesomeness .
tr	PRES	She already hates me ! "
tr	PRES	He sighs and for the moment this special time for us is over .
tr	PRES	" Bold of them to show up , " Reef mutters gruffly .
tr	PRES	Thom holds the glass of water out to her .
tr	PRES	He tries to take my hand , but I pull it back .
tr	PAST	President Snow destroyed Twelve the way he did Thirteen , to send a message to the rebels . "
tr	PRES	" For your sandwiches . "
tr	PRES	" So I assume the foot rub is out ? "
tr	PRES	" Did you provide the FDA with any incriminating information ? "
tr	PRES	" Spirit enters your body in three ways .
tr	PRES	Did you divorce Edward ? "
tr	PAST	He motioned me forward .
tr	PAST	Sean collapsed to his knees , his hands so tight on her wrists that Andrea went down with him .
tr	PRES	He opens his door and both officers flash their badges at him .
tr	PAST	In her hand , her cell phone vibrated , urging her to answer .
tr	PRES	She pul ed away .
tr	PAST	Pain jolted up his right leg , a flare of sciatica .
tr	PAST	Miles snarled , and bounded forward , sword extended .
tr	PAST	The outer shell melded into a solid shape , which began to pulse steadily with a deep violet light .
tr	PRES	That alone highlights how different they are .
tr	PRES	His chest slowly rises and though his eyes are shut , his heavy arm is closed around me .
tr	PRES	Oh , he sees Monica , but that 's strictly a sexual thing .
tr	PRES	His head pops up just under the light a few seconds later .
tr	PAST	He exhaled slowly , and only then did he lift his hand from his sword .
tr	PRES	" Or hyenas , or wild boar , or monkeys , I assume . "
tr	PRES	" Bloody Reapers ... " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Perhaps she sensed that , because soon she opened up , sharing things beyond her dealings in Chicago .
tr	PRES	" You 're already doing it right now , " he mumbled without glancing her way .
tr	PRES	Such a hateful brat .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that right , Tiffany ? "
tr	PRES	I tuned each of its strings .
tr	PRES	" I can 't believe you let yourself be part of this , " I hiss at him .
tr	PRES	" Everyone uses that word .
tr	PRES	Sweat beads my skin as my body heats with want and I open my legs up as his body forms with mine .
tr	PAST	He downed the new drink in the same manner as all the others and looked at Marie .
tr	PAST	I willed myself to speak , but nothing came out .
tr	PAST	They quieted with the diminishing sound of rain moving away .
tr	PAST	' But not blood related ? '
tr	PRES	It brings the major players together , and sets the main story in motion .
tr	PAST	After dinner she quickly washed up the dishes , refusing his help .
tr	PAST	He inched up what felt like a millimeter and I felt my lids slowly close in rapture .
tr	PAST	He tensed beneath her touch .
tr	PAST	A closer look revealed the fountain to be full of coins beneath the shimmering water .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , amused at my inability to show off my skills .
tr	PAST	" I smoked the fucker . "
tr	PAST	Spaghetti sauce glued dishes and pots and pans together .
tr	PAST	It cocked its head to the side and spoke in a rasping voice , " You cannot hide from me , Agent .
tr	PRES	Mike frowns at me because he 's only managed to wrangle three pieces .
tr	PAST	She balled up the sweaty , hot garment .
tr	PAST	The smoothly curved chin , suspended above a gloriously white neck .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" And I assume you also want some care in who knows that while some people are leaving town , others are arriving ? "
tr	PAST	Then a horrifying scream pierced the air .
tr	PRES	Once it passes the tray , the press pushes down hydraulically into the mold with a pressure of about eight thousand pounds .
tr	PRES	David considers this for a moment , then clears his throat .
tr	PRES	He disappears from the paddock in the direction of the barns .
tr	PAST	Mist swirled around him , teasing him , offering him no landmarks .
tr	PAST	He backtracked , turned left at the intersection , and took off after the fleeing man with Kane .
tr	PAST	As chunks fell away , more of the brick revealed itself .
tr	PRES	When our paths cross , he pays his respects . "
tr	PRES	Aimee whispers as we walk .
tr	PRES	Then , the room bursts into chatter .
tr	PRES	" Oh , sorry , " I mumbled as I slipped it from my shoulders .
tr	PRES	She really likes our son .
tr	PAST	I blamed blood loss on the fact that I had to sit down when he finally let me go .
tr	PAST	Her anxious gaze sought her mother .
tr	PRES	Winning the Games brings great pride to our Sanction . "
tr	PRES	" Please , don 't touch me , NO ! "
tr	PRES	" It ... , " George begins .
tr	PRES	He draws his own gun but keeps it awkwardly at his side as though unsure what to do with it .
tr	PRES	' Look , Winnie . '
tr	PRES	" Playing with fire , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	She restrained herself from feeling the love handles that now seemed to silently taunt her .
tr	PAST	He eyed Camden with amusement .
tr	PAST	The man on the cart outside saluted her with his whip as he pulled into the yard .
tr	PRES	" You goin ' to just stand there or come in here and join me Darlin ' ? "
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I confess .
tr	PAST	It all hinged on a little trick she 'd picked up from Abraham Ravenwood while she was trapped his giant birdcage .
tr	PRES	Three , four and five yield similar results .
tr	PAST	Informing him he feared being alone forever .
tr	PAST	' Soon a gentle light stole over the heavens and gave me a sensation of pleasure .
tr	PAST	Rene entertained us with stories about getting caught inside Louis XIV 's court .
tr	PRES	And she owes me , dammit . "
tr	PRES	" Love you , sis . "
tr	PRES	I text back thinking how absolutely corny we sound .
tr	PAST	Maddy countered , " He would have flown in if he 'd wanted to .
tr	PRES	" Then , who do you belong to ? "
tr	PRES	She whipped around , ready to do battle .
tr	PAST	He had long since downed the Monster but he felt more exhausted than ever now .
tr	PRES	Such a shame . "
tr	PAST	Seconds later , Anna emerged in her nightshirt , steaming mad .
tr	PAST	" My life is none of your concern , either , " I countered .
tr	PRES	But take care , priestess , for outside holy walls , you belong not to the gods but to your king . "
tr	PAST	Though he knew what she really meant , he pretended he didn 't .
tr	PRES	" Was Marlon ok ? "
tr	PAST	" That 's ridiculous , " Chewy scoffed .
tr	PRES	Mr Fletcher tries to revive her .
tr	PAST	At once , everything froze around me .
tr	PAST	" I don 't , " he countered , stopping when he was right in front of her .
tr	PRES	" But it made him very happy , " Sara whispers .
tr	PAST	In several minutes Jake announced that he secured a sixty inch television .
tr	PAST	He dialed a number and said curtly , " Come up . "
tr	PRES	I lean back , trying to understand through my shock why he 'd ask something like that .
tr	PAST	He stomped his foot and began to walk toward the long marble table .
tr	PAST	He stomped on her face once , twice , three times .
tr	PAST	He stuffed it into his pants pocket and went out .
tr	PRES	" My apologies Asha , but have you forgotten how heavily fortified Andrei 's home is ? "
tr	PAST	" What crawled up his ass ? "
tr	PAST	" And this , " Michael interrupted , adding his newspaper to the purchase , while pulling out a card before I could protest .
tr	PRES	" Good gods ... " One side of his lips curved up .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PRES	" Without warmth and water , plants wither and die . "
tr	PAST	It even conjured images of what she would call " The True Business Woman " .
tr	PAST	Ridley pretended to scoot away from him , but she barely moved an inch .
tr	PRES	The small bundle beneath my shirt twitches .
tr	PRES	He proceeds to Dock Six , taking the small personnel entrance and walking into the large cavernous dock .
tr	PRES	The longer we delay , the more attention we attract .
tr	PRES	It rises to her chest , and she has to look away before it reaches her cheeks .
tr	PRES	" He likes you , so I guess it 's okay .
tr	PAST	The sight of it breaking into pieces sobered him , and he sank to the steps .
tr	PAST	They sensed something hidden but neither would mention the fact .
tr	PRES	All other personnel , security or otherwise , abandon your duties !
tr	PRES	" The relief column . "
tr	PRES	It changes nothing . "
tr	PAST	I named a string of schools whose brochures I had stashed in my desk drawer .
tr	PRES	Teams and partnerships bemused her .
tr	PRES	But my dreams - " " Ok Dreamer , ok .
tr	PAST	The little dog circled three times and then lay down on the pale yellow cushion .
tr	PAST	He leaped to his feet in a panic and ran as fast as he could .
tr	PRES	He always freaked when I was injured .
tr	PAST	She eyed him skeptically .
tr	PRES	I wipe my nose with the heel of my hand and sniffle .
tr	PAST	" Consequences of what - " Something rustled off to my left .
tr	PRES	" He loves you ? "
tr	PRES	The Jester wears a white one .
tr	PRES	I lean my ear down to his mouth to catch his harsh whisper .
tr	PRES	Slowly , Charlotte rises from the couch , her solemn brown eyes never leaving my face .
tr	PAST	Her breath caught for a moment and her steps faltered .
tr	PAST	My heart froze instantly .
tr	PRES	Each step I take toward the field helps the tension of my workday ebb away .
tr	PAST	Jeremy mumbled in reply , " Just get it done . "
tr	PAST	My ex-boyfriend hopped in his car and sped off into the distance .
tr	PRES	" Since they involve more than just food . "
tr	PAST	The last of her defenses shattered .
tr	PRES	Memories spring up uncontrollably , flashing back to that day .
tr	PRES	" Ah , Death draws near .
tr	PRES	" Liam Howard , you young bastard , " he crowed in a thick voice .
tr	PAST	A wave of vertigo swirled through his head .
tr	PRES	The orange maiden on the other side of Cordelia , Sasha Sunbeam , grasps Cordelia 's left wrist to stop the rattling bracelets .
tr	PAST	" It 's a bit of fun , " lectured Mark .
tr	PAST	Layers of patched clothing adorned his legs and arms .
tr	PRES	Besides , my landlord loves calling the cops .
tr	PAST	Antonietta clutched it to her and made her way to the bed , using the map in Byron 's mind .
tr	PRES	Ha ha , yes , nearly there , and you can give your butt a rest .
tr	PAST	Her pulse leaped as he turned her onto a smaller trail , one off the beaten path that lead into a cluster of trees .
tr	PRES	She breathes out a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	Meagan motioned to the group , and they quickly reunited with the rest of the group .
tr	PAST	Brian recorded a couple of the calls on his shift as well .
tr	PAST	His resolve to do so vibrated between them , making her heartsick .
tr	PAST	She nodded , her small face alight with relief , with her pleasure in telling him what she had done .
tr	PAST	This little natural port served as the official pickup and drop-off point for the seafaring underground .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Madam . "
tr	PAST	He washed up on the beach ! "
tr	PAST	Beck squinted at me .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe him ? "
tr	PAST	The line they stood in rivaled any one of California 's amusement parks during the height of tourist season on a Saturday .
tr	PRES	Chapter Six " Wow , he does look a lot like you .
tr	PAST	But I highly doubted they would even be making a choice that day , when I knew they had auditions all afternoon .
tr	PRES	This new capability uses electromagnetic radiation , not PPT modulation .
tr	PAST	Nausea rumbled , and Natalie gripped the bedclothes .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you back ? "
tr	PRES	The betting favors the Germans .
tr	PAST	" We 'll be at Belvedere Castle , " she stated , her eyes suspiciously bright .
tr	PAST	She spouted off some medical jargon I couldn 't really understand , but it sounded legit .
tr	PAST	Chad finally stomped over to the phone and practically ripped it from the wall .
tr	PRES	The indicator danced , and moved over to the word " Yes . "
tr	PRES	* * * Blue lay face down on the ground , near the burning remains of the Jeep .
tr	PRES	" Security services ? "
tr	PAST	The rest of the Six emerged .
tr	PRES	My panic begins to subside and I stand , training my eyes on him mercilessly .
tr	PAST	" Never you mind her , " she instructed Milo with a wry grin .
tr	PAST	Her smile mirrored his .
tr	PAST	Speaking of lying , you lied when you told me you didn 't speak to your father , but you did , didn 't you ? "
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my waist .
tr	PAST	He still attempted a rejoinder .
tr	PRES	She loves danger . "
tr	PAST	A picture scrawled in ink , showing a sort of tall , flat branch with runes on it .
tr	PAST	Garrett tugged at his bowtie , seeming relieved at the change of topic .
tr	PAST	Even as his mother spoke , his gaze zeroed in on them .
tr	PRES	" This was a nice dress , " I mutter , taking the cotton one from him .
tr	PRES	He kills and eats other monsters not humans . "
tr	PAST	Someone 's cell phone buzzed with a text .
tr	PAST	Possibly tattooed on your arm . "
tr	PAST	I panicked , thrashing wildly , dull pain flaring in my bound limbs , and fading away into numbness under the cold .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved in a sympathetic smile .
tr	PRES	" Oh god . "
tr	PAST	When she looked up , Wave and I quickly floated back to our chairs .
tr	PAST	My voice rasped with desperation .
tr	PRES	" She lets you have the keys to the cases ? "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , wanting to avoid a confrontation and knowing it was impossible .
tr	PAST	" Soledad Felix , will you be my wife ? "
tr	PAST	Elle squealed when she saw my car .
tr	PRES	" Hi , " he murmurs as he walks up to me .
tr	PRES	As it hits the ground less than a foot in front of them , the big Spectral bat dives on it like a hawk .
tr	PAST	Jeremy claimed his father had murdered her , but Don Salter had no connection to her mother .
tr	PRES	The boy wishes to speak with me . "
tr	PRES	He holds up my sweatshirt .
tr	PRES	And then he winks .
tr	PAST	With a groan he crushed his mouth to hers , drinking deeply of her sweetness .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Sir , " they mumbled as they bowed before him .
tr	PAST	She sensed that Namba had envied them , though , because he would have liked to have lived among them .
tr	PRES	" Peace Stephen . "
tr	PRES	" Nope , " I mutter , refusing to think about it .
tr	PAST	The edge of the stick smoked , as if it had been burned .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to take a step back from him but her legs did not comply .
tr	PAST	How we cheered when they made it safely to port !
tr	PRES	She relaxes a little , turning back to the pancakes .
tr	PRES	His dad laughed , a mere sputter between heavy breaths .
tr	PRES	The fish still swim by my feet , massaging indeed .
tr	PAST	He plopped down as though he had every intention of obeying , and Emma breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	He charged forward as the shapeshifter climbed back to its feet , its chest caved in .
tr	PRES	" In our ... supply carts . "
tr	PAST	" Tough session today , huh , " Maria stated rather than asked .
tr	PRES	" Just a project for school . "
tr	PAST	" As you were , " he rasped , coldly .
tr	PAST	John inquired while he kept moving away and deeper into the woods .
tr	PAST	I blanched and they laughed , " Stay away from him . "
tr	PAST	The three apprentices regained their bearings and surrounded the kami once again .
tr	PAST	He handled each person that came over to him with dignity and finesse regardless of whether they agreed with his policy changes or hated them .
tr	PAST	Shaking my head at the ridiculous idea , I stripped down to my underwear , then stepped on the scale .
tr	PRES	These connect to the main campus from the acres of commuter parking lots beyond .
tr	PAST	I sped by to catch up with her .
tr	PRES	Exercising always helps her to calm down .
tr	PRES	When I return , he passes me some tea .
tr	PRES	Bo put his palm on my chest and pushed me back onto the bed , rol ing smoothly on top of me .
tr	PRES	A full two-thirds reside outside of your control . "
tr	PAST	During a birthing night , when Serena 's own mother was in labor with her , the werewolves revolted .
tr	PRES	She brings new blood so they can continue .
tr	PRES	He helps her out of the van and brings her bags to the door .
tr	PAST	She scrolled through the news stories of the morning and found the story she was looking for .
tr	PRES	He blames himself because he 's a doctor and he thinks he should have seen the signs .
tr	PRES	Rian just stands by , sometimes cutting in to add a word or two .
tr	PRES	" And you , Mr. Clancy .
tr	PRES	He holds the chain links back so Caleb , Susan , and I can crawl through .
tr	PAST	His feet shuffled around the porch , his arms flailing in front of him , searching for anything that may lie in his path .
tr	PAST	Only you can change our course , if you wish it , " Will stated matter-of-factly , but with a lingering that forced my head up .
tr	PRES	Our legs entwine and his knee slides between my thighs .
tr	PRES	" Just watch your back , bro .
tr	PAST	She tugged the ribbon from his queue , freeing his silky raven locks .
tr	PAST	He crouched in front of the boy .
tr	PRES	She stands up , kicking some loose gravel across the roof .
tr	PRES	Something big and hard slams into my head .
tr	PAST	His lovemaking was slow and thorough , wickedly designed to bring her to climax over and over .
tr	PRES	" A mole ! "
tr	PAST	The boat floated free from the dock , drifting .
tr	PAST	But Harry regarded everything as urgent .
tr	PRES	" Get off me , you pig ! "
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hand slightly to pull me closer .
tr	PRES	He opens the refrigerator , still laughing .
tr	PAST	He caressed every inch of her flesh with his hands , while Willow writhed beneath him .
tr	PAST	My glyphs swirled , changing patterns and forming new ones .
tr	PAST	She shrieked in happiness .
tr	PRES	" Uh , um ... " I wasn 't sure what to say to her .
tr	PRES	It stops inches away from my throat as he towers over me .
tr	PAST	This cost the lives of three million civilians and military .
tr	PAST	" You ceased being the Designate at the moment of Grieg 's death . "
tr	PAST	What little blood had trickled down from the wounds soaked back into the stranger 's skin .
tr	PRES	" I would be , too , if I was going to come face-to-face with the person who left me for dead , " Spencer mumbled .
tr	PRES	She whispers , " He was the one who sent her out for ice cream or something . "
tr	PAST	His low-slung pants revealed a huge part of his ass .
tr	PAST	The Cane collapsed abruptly to the ground , jaws still clashing .
tr	PRES	And in worlds beyond counting , you exist .
tr	PRES	' But Antal ! '
tr	PAST	She adjusted the buckle on his helmet for a tighter fit .
tr	PAST	The Pentagon stated in January that we still had 70,000 to 90,000 National Guardsmen ready to defend our shores .
tr	PRES	You value his life ? "
tr	PAST	But when the speaker gave him the message , his hand froze , his attention captured .
tr	PAST	" Doctor , she 's in PEA , " Nurse Edwards announced .
tr	PRES	Every part of me wishes it was a day where we didn 't share a class , but it just doesn 't work that way .
tr	PAST	Razor buzzed , looking desperate .
tr	PRES	First , my evil deeds increase my power .
tr	PRES	" Nobody steals from Kurt Jessup .
tr	PAST	It still nearly destroyed me every time .
tr	PRES	On cue , rays of light creep forward , warming the ocean as the sun rises over the treetops .
tr	PAST	Despite the early hour the docks buzzed with activity as sailors , fishermen , and merchants tramped about .
tr	PAST	" I invented a serum .
tr	PAST	I quit my job teaching and started singing again last month .
tr	PAST	I emailed a copy to Janet and saved a copy to a disk .
tr	PRES	But only if my new running partner is shirtless .
tr	PAST	Jasper stiffened a bit at her touch , but she just curled her arm around him more .
tr	PRES	Mostly it uses Edwin and me .
tr	PRES	A musky spice that clouded her thoughts and filled her senses .
tr	PRES	Gabby peers at the screen , then presents the photo to me for approval .
tr	PAST	I clutched my stomach .
tr	PRES	Though it is impossible , Link recognizes the feeling well .
tr	PAST	I blamed Kirsty for it . '
tr	PRES	Jessamine was quite traditional y pretty , a pocket Venus if ever there was one , but her habitual sour expression spoiled her charms .
tr	PAST	A faint blush stole across her cheeks before she could snap at him .
tr	PAST	Stars twinkled in the dark sky .
tr	PRES	" He loves you , too ? "
tr	PRES	She sighs and throws the box next to her lamp and then presses her body down on my chest , with her chin above my heart .
tr	PRES	The seatbelt digs into my hips , and I cry out .
tr	PAST	There 's always Botox , " he joked .
tr	PAST	" This won 't end well , " Jesse predicted .
tr	PRES	" Vincent ... " he mumbled obsessively .
tr	PRES	He shudders and goes to open the boxes of pasta .
tr	PRES	" Your experiences on the Project .
tr	PAST	Hopelessness washed over me .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved in a semblance of a smile that never had a chance of reaching her eyes .
tr	PAST	Sure she trusted Burnett , but the badge Agent Houston had just proudly flashed did him more harm than good when it came to her .
tr	PRES	" Camille -- are you okay with sleeping alone , sweetie ? "
tr	PAST	My phone beeped and displayed a message from Erin .
tr	PAST	She clutched the edge of the table to keep the room from spinning .
tr	PRES	I lean back and look up at him .
tr	PAST	I wove a path back toward home , in and out of cars , driving on intuition alone .
tr	PAST	But this ... Surreal itched to call in the stiletto and slip it between a few ribs .
tr	PAST	Pausing in the door frame , Reyes pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	A wave of realization washed over him , and he stood straight .
tr	PRES	" You 're mine , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	This provided Albert with a functional warning range of at least eleven miles .
tr	PRES	Alex whispers in my ear , giving a quick suck on my earlobe , gently dragging his teeth along the skin .
tr	PAST	The giant hollered in pain as his hands reached up to swat at me .
tr	PRES	Their pirate urge to run and dive into the treasure trove before them was almost too much for them .
tr	PAST	When he finally got the fire built up enough to boil water , he fetched his bucket and headed to the stream .
tr	PAST	" Because when she traveled to London she risked everything to come in search of you . "
tr	PAST	Marcus faked a laugh , throwing his head back so I could see the hairs in his nostrils .
tr	PAST	Even as children we pondered these questions .
tr	PRES	He joins me back on the couch , lies down and pulls me on top of him so I 'm covering his body .
tr	PAST	William engulfed her in a quick hug .
tr	PAST	In 1943 , an unusual entry recorded a large intake of new stock .
tr	PRES	Ramona sees him staring at the tulips .
tr	PAST	With the help of a nurse we fled the hospital and never saw him again .
tr	PAST	" I feared I might have been too late . "
tr	PRES	We exist for one purpose and one purpose only : to save the world from catastrophe .
tr	PRES	" What about personal copies ? "
tr	PRES	My dad reaches into his back pocket and pulls out two tickets .
tr	PRES	He consumes all and leaves a stench in his wake .
tr	PRES	" And what of Alanna ?
tr	PAST	At least , He provided some fig trees with oversized leaves in case of modesty . "
tr	PAST	she screeched in my ear .
tr	PRES	" Just a barge on the river .
tr	PRES	Fighting to regain control , he lets out a roar of desperation as the entire room is consumed with a blinding light .
tr	PRES	he murmurs , lifting a strand of my hair .
tr	PAST	Antonia slowly arose from her seat , and finally said , " And what else ? "
tr	PRES	He arches his brows at me .
tr	PAST	Her eye squinted and she picked up an old , brown piece of parchment and unfolded it .
tr	PAST	They piled into Jeremy 's SUV but he didn 't pull out right away .
tr	PAST	I grunted , hung up the phone , and didn 't get to take the second step toward my bed when someone knocked at the door .
tr	PRES	He wears sneakers , like you .
tr	PAST	In unison , the four of us produced a handful of red rubber bands from a pocket somewhere on our persons and held them out for her .
tr	PAST	The idea clearly bothered her .
tr	PRES	He glances at me , gives me a pathetic mumbling " Hi , " then goes back to talking to the guys without introducing me .
tr	PAST	I crouch down and try to pick up tiny bits of shell .
tr	PRES	" Not a furry one !
tr	PRES	She attempts to look dangerous , her lips a straight line , her eyes unblinking , but it 's more entertaining than anything .
tr	PAST	Alec tipped his head back and looked up at Jace squarely .
tr	PRES	The rest behind and the women and support teams in the middle , spears at the ready ? "
tr	PRES	She holds it out to me .
tr	PAST	She scoffed , but what choice did she have ?
tr	PAST	Nick visibly cringed at the mention of Talon 's circular daggers .
tr	PAST	Lacey 's head buzzed as she tried to process this theory .
tr	PAST	She shrieked as she wiped away the water from his splash out of her eyes .
tr	PRES	" I summon you forth with voice and blood .
tr	PRES	Adam finally rises and he has the attention of the room .
tr	PRES	David , I assume .
tr	PAST	" All the more reason to look again , " Trip countered .
tr	PRES	" For the time being , " Katrina points out .
tr	PRES	Before me , the ocean stretches longingly toward my feet .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're safe among my kin now , Beast , which allows me to focus on getting what I need . "
tr	PAST	He reread the crime details again .
tr	PAST	Zed stopped and stood quietly for a minute , his head cocked to one side as if listening to something actually audible .
tr	PRES	She folds a towel .
tr	PAST	All the old furniture was gone , replaced by the Jonathan Adler furniture , the new end tables and lamps .
tr	PRES	The author holds all reproduction , reprint , and re-sell rights to this book in digital , audio , and print versions .
tr	PAST	I thanked him with my eyes .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up and my eyes meet his .
tr	PRES	He chokes on a laugh .
tr	PRES	Diamonds actually belong to women . "
tr	PAST	All the while we sought ways and means to get out of here .
tr	PAST	I messed up . "
tr	PAST	I hopped back , easily dodging the clumsy strike .
tr	PAST	Laughter exploded from one of the standing soldiers .
tr	PAST	The male 's expression faltered a bit , a crease pressing into the center of his brow .
tr	PAST	Her tears finally overflowed .
tr	PRES	" That about sums it up . "
tr	PAST	Sticking his hand into every one of the pockets produced the same results .
tr	PAST	An arrow buzzed by , passing within inches of his head .
tr	PAST	She attended the next student in the line who wanted to turn in money from a past fund raising campaign that occurred the previous fall .
tr	PAST	" Yes , sir , " I joked , hoping to ease my jitters with some workplace humor .
tr	PAST	In a cabinet he flung himself to get some peace .
tr	PAST	Outside , the Librarians cheered .
tr	PRES	" It clears my head . "
tr	PRES	" The way the blades tickle my toes . "
tr	PAST	Blood squirted and seeped out of their body .
tr	PRES	I slew the woman on Buena Vista Hill who was torturing the old couple .
tr	PRES	" No worries , Soph , " he whispered in my ear , soothing me almost immediately .
tr	PAST	I stumbled as I stood back up , supported my Luke 's firm grip .
tr	PAST	Sometimes we scored a six-pack .
tr	PAST	More pain exploded in my jaw .
tr	PAST	Lucia wordlessly produced her ID .
tr	PAST	She just prayed everything else would go exactly to plan .
tr	PAST	Splintered wood painted the same color as the other step was lying on the ground .
tr	PAST	To make it official , the referee announced Lea as the victor .
tr	PRES	A coil that feels an awful lot like relief releases in my gut .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved against my skin .
tr	PRES	Hailey stands up from the chair and it causes me to fall back on my ass .
tr	PAST	Six further riders smashed into the thrashing bodies of the fallen horses , crushing all beneath .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	Caden exploded before Max had a chance to question further .
tr	PAST	A wave of relief washed over her .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FOUR " THERE YOU ARE , my boy , " Mayor Wells boomed , cutting across the salon .
tr	PAST	She scribbled on a yellow legal pad .
tr	PRES	" No more pathetic than spending all your free time reading trash magazines about celebrities .
tr	PAST	He had circumstances , " chided Maya , giving him a playful shove .
tr	PRES	" On the way to my house , south of Bon Temps .
tr	PRES	" Keeping the old heart rate up .
tr	PAST	" She 'll be long dead by then , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	As the man brought a bottle , he eyed the empty room , seeing nothing unlike others of its kind then met the saloon owner 's gaze .
tr	PRES	I bob my head up and down .
tr	PRES	" Are you a virgin , then , lass ? "
tr	PRES	Their laughter stops when they see us .
tr	PRES	" No ... I suppose not , " she mutters , scooping up some of the pasta .
tr	PAST	We piled into the Tahoe .
tr	PAST	She trusted him with her body and her trust was a priceless , overwhelming gift .
tr	PAST	Teatime bounced , up like an acrobat and steadied himself on the railing of the stairwell .
tr	PRES	Jase glances at me for clarification .
tr	PRES	It clears my head , but , yes , I drive a silver BMW . "
tr	PRES	Abby releases a heavy sigh .
tr	PRES	A single pink marker .
tr	PAST	Then it fanned its wings , revealing for a split second a large hole through the middle of the right one .
tr	PAST	Lifting Beth up high by the waist , he twirled her in the air like she was some long-lost sister .
tr	PAST	She zigzagged with the gun in her hand , burning with anger .
tr	PAST	" Which is where we come in , " Scott chimed in .
tr	PAST	Instead , she clutched it tighter and turned herself away from him .
tr	PRES	" It helps . "
tr	PAST	He stole her breath .
tr	PRES	Once again , thank you so very much and best wishes .
tr	PAST	Bounding to the man 's side , he exclaimed , " Father !
tr	PAST	Knew he claimed more than her body in that moment .
tr	PRES	They pierce and tattoo and scar like olden " punks . "
tr	PRES	" If you don 't go for me , I 'll call a cab , " I threaten , but we both know this will never happen .
tr	PAST	" She washed her hands of us when we left . "
tr	PRES	" We are worthy to seek enlightenment , " bellows Lexie .
tr	PRES	" A full-coverage bra and panties . "
tr	PRES	Vincent brings me back to earth .
tr	PAST	By the time he quit , it was getting dark , and he was almost too exhausted to wheel himself into the cabin .
tr	PAST	A smile split his small face .
tr	PRES	Well I I 'm so sorry , Bella . "
tr	PAST	He guides me down to a seated position and I lean back on my hands as he gently picks up my right foot .
tr	PRES	The name Matthew pops into my head and I quickly try to push it out .
tr	PAST	Sam clutched at his arms for balance as she oriented herself , but nodded .
tr	PAST	" Jeff , maybe it 's just time to let her go , " Missy urged .
tr	PRES	Montgomery Clift -- also likes the first class afterlife accommodations at The Roosevelt .
tr	PRES	Besides you 're going to need your sleep if you 're going to visit Mom tomorrow , " Paul teased .
tr	PAST	Burnett inched forward and looked at Della and Chase .
tr	PRES	" My tombstone 's gon na read : Here lies Casper Rhodes .
tr	PAST	You zoned out on me .
tr	PRES	Somebody , anybody come in I need assistance , " I shout frantically through my headset .
tr	PAST	" I got it , " resigned Dmitri , returning to his seat .
tr	PRES	Can you describe it for us ? "
tr	PAST	His fingers curved through mine .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and gave him a tired smile .
tr	PRES	Two dreamers , Daemon , yearning for the same dream . "
tr	PAST	It transformed into a shiny obsidian blade .
tr	PAST	" I second , " announced Charles .
tr	PAST	The count 's eyes brightened , bringing life to his face for the first time since they had entered the room .
tr	PAST	The thief hauled a barrel to its side as he passed a cooper 's shop , and Tavi had to jump it .
tr	PRES	" What about this Manor ? "
tr	PAST	Dawson smacked his hands down on the side of the Hummer , earning an outraged look from Luc .
tr	PRES	" For an infinite being , Time produces boredom .
tr	PRES	My island chews up the humble and spits them out .
tr	PAST	" Who appointed you her guardian ? "
tr	PRES	Please understand , " I begged .
tr	PAST	Bullets crisscrossed the air around us .
tr	PAST	She froze in one spot and listened .
tr	PAST	" Lorraine Dancy is here to see you , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Chase recruited her to help him pick his evening attire .
tr	PAST	Mist swirled around him .
tr	PRES	He rises to his feet and remembers how he was tossed overboard by a huge wave .
tr	PAST	" I 'm trying to forget my insanity phase , if you don 't mind , " he joked .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , grabbing her arm and stopping her .
tr	PAST	Sam flicked the cigarette away .
tr	PRES	She pushes the mints toward him .
tr	PRES	One of those home pregnancy tests ... Yes , Mother .
tr	PAST	I lied about the light to relax you .
tr	PRES	" What about your friend , Ramsey ?
tr	PAST	I yawned as I slowly opened my eyes and I realized that the room was now dark .
tr	PAST	Then I fisted Jax 's hair in my hands , holding him in place as I ate at his mouth .
tr	PAST	He steered the boat into deeper water .
tr	PRES	Nothing remains the ' subject ' of action ; nothing stands as ' actionable ' as the fusion of male-female elements itself become the ' almighty ' .
tr	PRES	A blood red bow tie .
tr	PRES	Both times untamed vampires roaming the streets had tried to attack her and he 'd had no choice .
tr	PAST	Finally she crawled over to me and lay her head in my lap .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a little more .
tr	PAST	Nomi thanked Esmeralda for the lovely rest of the evening and the breakfast they just had together .
tr	PRES	Nothing like letting off some stalker vibes to get the night headed in the right direction .
tr	PRES	" She belongs in Otherworld . "
tr	PAST	" Someone - we don 't know who - smashed a hole in each of the jars .
tr	PRES	" Good to see you Norm !
tr	PAST	The warm breeze rustled the foliage over their heads , and Cassie began speaking before Faye had the chance to react more harshly .
tr	PAST	Before we could turn the corner , a loud thunk split the night .
tr	PAST	I reflected on my near death experience .
tr	PRES	" Lord Spirit ! "
tr	PRES	" What the heck ! "
tr	PAST	The heavy rain that pelted their foil dimmed what little light seeped through the single uncovered port .
tr	PRES	Why advertise their love for the world to see ?
tr	PRES	" No worries there , " Reagan mutters , rubbing her face .
tr	PRES	He points to a huge sign painted on the wall of a building .
tr	PAST	Jimmy immediately stiffened , eyes rolling up in his head .
tr	PRES	Only meeting at the occasional family party before spending their time existing on separate plains that neither can be sure exist . "
tr	PAST	Décor projected a friendly ambiance , giving it style and grace .
tr	PRES	" Let me go , Alec . "
tr	PAST	" The wolf I dreamed of .
tr	PRES	" Call Sam back , " I begged Beck .
tr	PAST	He froze for a full second , facing me , and then turned and sprinted around the corner .
tr	PAST	" It 's my fault ... it 's all my fault , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	All of a sudden , Nicholas bursts into form and is growling viciously .
tr	PRES	" Is it roast ? "
tr	PRES	Cole stands and says , " I need to make a phone call . "
tr	PAST	' Blaine , you are looking great , ' she lied .
tr	PRES	Shaking her head , Carrie reaches over , takes the crown off his finger and puts it back on his head .
tr	PAST	Her present thoughts matched the velvet blackness of the night .
tr	PAST	His dark sensuality triggered a like hunger in her .
tr	PAST	It regarded Bill Door with bright , stupid eyes .
tr	PAST	They fled toward the open air lock .
tr	PAST	I steered the car toward him .
tr	PRES	She glances over at me .
tr	PAST	She preferred not to deal with that kind of complication so early in their relationship .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Lexie pushes away from me and stares into my eyes .
tr	PRES	" He 's not a big fan of the Plastic People , " Jarvis explains .
tr	PAST	He stares at the two elevators on his left , glancing up at the LED screens revealing the floor numbers that each elevator is currently located on .
tr	PRES	He holds my face in his hands , smoothing my tears away with his thumbs .
tr	PRES	" I can 't let you starve , " Delilah teased as if she had let him beat her to the prize once or twice .
tr	PAST	She babbled on and I already regretted getting into this conversation .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	Another beat of silence passes .
tr	PAST	He scrolled through the weather conditions .
tr	PRES	I lean over to kiss her goodbye , but my lips stiffen and I cringe away from her .
tr	PRES	" Well ... um ... I. . . "
tr	PRES	" She deserves everything she gets .
tr	PAST	You dared me once to believe in something , anything .
tr	PAST	I kind of stole what your mother wrote and made it into ... something .
tr	PRES	He wears a red collared shirt and a pair of jeans that are fraying at the knee .
tr	PRES	The weight of it pushes my shoulders down , makes me hunch over .
tr	PRES	" Half an apple pie . "
tr	PAST	Above me , the trio of turkey vultures circled in the warm afternoon sunshine .
tr	PAST	I sighed , my shoulders collapsed beneath the weight of my thoughts .
tr	PAST	Jason gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Rufus was enormous , towering over even Bat , his shoulders as thick and broad as a plank .
tr	PAST	We charged back down the path , following the echo of the scream , hoping we were going in the right direction .
tr	PAST	" Talk to me , " he urged and sat back , before Sam could walk in and catch them .
tr	PAST	Rob dove to catch him before he went limp .
tr	PAST	I instinctively crouched down .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " I lied .
tr	PRES	He holds a white handkerchief spotted with fresh blood .
tr	PRES	" She belongs to God . "
tr	PRES	He holds the door for all of us to walk in .
tr	PAST	The smell of the smoke drifting from the pipe revealed that it was the fine Blyth blend that had been in his pocket .
tr	PRES	" Wow , settle down , Son .
tr	PAST	" Maybe I accidentally exposed her to a little too much of the rough side of life while she was growing up .
tr	PRES	Inside , there was more broken glass , shoe prints , and overturned furniture as if a clumsy crowd had moved through .
tr	PAST	Knew it before the doctor came out , her tongue fumbling over how best to tell her .
tr	PAST	" Hey , so I lied .
tr	PRES	He stares the boy down and rightfully displays his authority .
tr	PAST	Fisting the material , he slowly tugged the shirt up , exposing more of my thighs .
tr	PAST	Hugh 's mobile phone vibrated as he was shucking out of his trousers .
tr	PAST	A thick mass of bushes mingled with bursts of colored flowers in the center of the roundabout , their leaves rustling in the light breeze .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze , the smile on his lips matching the one in his eyes .
tr	PRES	So a mill that produces millinery . "
tr	PRES	Kenji stills beside me .
tr	PAST	He touches gloved fingers to my cheek and tilts my head up , catching my chin in his grip when I flinch away .
tr	PAST	Grams stated with pride .
tr	PAST	The slabs slowly crawled out of the sides and met in the center with a startling clank .
tr	PAST	Then he untied the rope , got into the plane , and in a minute or two they were gone into the sky .
tr	PRES	He stands in front of me .
tr	PAST	' I 'm thinking about how amazing this is , ' I lied .
tr	PAST	Ruth finally accused him of wanting to take Alex 's place in her affections .
tr	PRES	" What brings you back here ? "
tr	PAST	Once out on the deck in the night I inhaled deeply and began .
tr	PRES	She purposely hardened her heart and stared at him , her composure intact .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to my family . "
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed in the silence as I waited for her to say something .
tr	PAST	It served her right .
tr	PRES	" Did you make plans to go back to La Push again soon ? "
tr	PAST	He claimed his place on the large blue mat in the center of the gym .
tr	PAST	" Arlen , we could have done with him , " she chided softly .
tr	PRES	She chose a gnarled old oak as the backdrop and had him stand beside it , his hand resting on the trunk .
tr	PRES	The sword falls away from Gemma .
tr	PRES	" Because he hates me .
tr	PAST	And later on , I blamed myself for that blame . "
tr	PRES	The bot rises , the cement clump in a shiny claw , light no longer coming from it .
tr	PAST	He preferred to enact stuff without an audience .
tr	PAST	Raven produced two sticks with ends sanded to a point .
tr	PRES	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	PRES	He freaked out when I grabbed the wheel and he slugged me . "
tr	PRES	My wits crash down to the reality world , I run back to the car and snatch my phone from the floor .
tr	PAST	He cuffed me on the shoulder and wagged his gray eyebrows at me .
tr	PAST	Eli Soaring Eagle 's voice boomed inside our room .
tr	PRES	" No Amanda ... " Karen shook her head .
tr	PAST	The smells of the citrus lingered on the morning air .
tr	PRES	You threaten to expose him and ruin his reputation in his hometown . "
tr	PAST	She dreamed of freedom for Maria and her mate and I hoped for it too .
tr	PRES	He allows my hand to remain on his chest as it moves up and down to the rhythm of his breath .
tr	PAST	Just as she wondered if she 'd finally managed to offend him , his voice plunged into the darkest reaches of temptation .
tr	PRES	Cherie points to a stack of French toast with bacon and some eggs .
tr	PRES	" Fucking go man , " I yell to the driver fearing the worst .
tr	PRES	" Hoffmann and all four shore crew dead . "
tr	PRES	Beside me , Christina snorts .
tr	PRES	' What absurdity ! '
tr	PRES	I shout as I jump around , throwing light and feeling emptier with each ball that I make .
tr	PAST	Over the misty land , thousands of boots stomped up a mud storm in a broken retreat .
tr	PAST	And as he realised it , the brutal side of him rumbled once more .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved in a knowing smile that she grazed along his neck , up to nip his earlobe .
tr	PAST	At certain moments , time slowed down around me .
tr	PAST	Morgan steadied her breath , but the question pierced her to the core .
tr	PRES	He holds perfectly still for a long moment .
tr	PAST	Dylan swiped his finger over the screen .
tr	PAST	He stripped them quickly before tightly twisting the two of them together .
tr	PAST	His minty breath floated to my nose .
tr	PAST	The hiker , equipped with staff and small backpack , ambled slowly up across the gently sloping pasture to the old Bohannon cemetery .
tr	PAST	I dove under the covers , head-first , and began to kiss the area .
tr	PAST	When they came to a stop near the docks , Robert immediately sensed that something was wrong .
tr	PRES	Instead she just sat down to wait , the anticipation of the promised surprise fading away .
tr	PRES	His eyes reduce to smoldering slits .
tr	PRES	My mother graces me with a smile I thought was reserved only for my brothers : one of pride .
tr	PAST	" It is only a curse if you believe it to be , " the big man rumbled .
tr	PAST	Deb skipped towards Gladys .
tr	PRES	Then an idea strikes me .
tr	PAST	But those men suddenly froze in place .
tr	PRES	He stretches his long legs , walking through the grass towards me , reducing the distance between us .
tr	PRES	" Well , you need to , " she snaps .
tr	PAST	He acted so ... loving and nice . "
tr	PAST	Spider plopped down next to Newton .
tr	PAST	He hopped off the back of the truck and stood next to Roku .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes queens have to do things they 're not always proud of , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He now remembers that there was another sister who has not been involved and has never been mentioned .
tr	PAST	After taking a deep breath and asking himself one last time if he wanted to do this thing , he flicked on the lighter .
tr	PAST	Having finished with the sergeant , it charged toward him , launching one of its spiked tails at his chest as it came .
tr	PRES	" Ethan , I -- " " Humor me , Juliet .
tr	PRES	" Mm , " he mumbled and that rough sound glided through me like a soft touch .
tr	PAST	The mutuality and innocence of love and compassion always prevailed and magically worked as the catalyst in my learning and most importantly , unlearning from these people .
tr	PRES	So I swing out my arm , punching the left side of his jaw .
tr	PAST	She pretended she didn 't understand what was happening , but she did . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for it and then puts it within my reach .
tr	PAST	He sensed their apprehension , mingled with a sudden irrepressible sense of victory .
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass .
tr	PRES	All thoughts of Kacey 's body vanish .
tr	PRES	A big part of the plan falls upon your shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Come on , the entrance should be up there somewhere , " she points out , referring to the cliff overhead .
tr	PAST	He leaped ahead of her , making her skid to a stop .
tr	PAST	The whimpering ceased and Franz tensed up .
tr	PAST	Chapter Twenty-One Luc stiffened .
tr	PAST	He dispatched them before his fellows could make their way through the doorway to join him .
tr	PRES	" The aristocratic secret handshake , and all that . "
tr	PAST	She revealed more of her flat stomach , her arms swaying in the air .
tr	PRES	He rises , grabs my arm , and speaks in a low menacing tone .
tr	PRES	A man in a University of North Carolina sweatshirt wove through the knot of swimmers .
tr	PRES	Anyway ... onto presents .
tr	PAST	Paul named him after an old friend and insisted that we use his whole name .
tr	PAST	The next day , my sister and I braved going home for the holidays .
tr	PRES	Veronique wishes to go -- the historical significance , or something like that -- and so I must as well . "
tr	PAST	She achieved this through a maddening style of argument , in which the following three statements were repeated in various sequences : A .
tr	PAST	First , it cost less than 20 % of its competitors and secondly , it had " indirect mode " and true indexing .
tr	PAST	Heather arose and returned via the boat to those waiting ashore .
tr	PAST	" My brother , " it crooned .
tr	PRES	Are you carrying your blaster , Elijah ? "
tr	PRES	He disappears inside a building and doesn 't reemerge during our watch .
tr	PRES	And completely nak * d. Every single thought vanished from my head .
tr	PAST	Chapter 20 Adelle froze .
tr	PRES	" Warrior , I am so sorry that you would even considered that as a possibility , " Aria states with disappointment .
tr	PRES	" I can 't , " I mumbled finally .
tr	PRES	Faye digs inside the pocket of her coat and hands the key over , before stomping away .
tr	PRES	His last breath passes over his lips and his ruined body grows still .
tr	PRES	As I whisper my discovery of Snow 's plan to break me , it dawns on me .
tr	PAST	Emily braved a sideways glance at me , her shoulders wrapping her ears .
tr	PAST	Blake thanked the young man who 'd readied their mounts and then whispered something into the kid 's ear that Samantha couldn 't hear .
tr	PRES	Up north , between Kirkland Lake and Timmins .
tr	PRES	That carries us through until the desserts .
tr	PAST	The girl tugged on her mother 's hand and pointed at Mason .
tr	PAST	The memories glided straight to Carol 's heart .
tr	PRES	" Probably best it remains that way . "
tr	PAST	With a great whoosh , fire burst upward , everything around that little match roaring to life with angry orange flames .
tr	PRES	Blood drips from my nose .
tr	PRES	" I guess someone this clumsy doesn 't turn you on anymore , " she mumbled against his chest .
tr	PRES	' They belong to Mr Dashwood , or rather , they 're his wife 's jewels .
tr	PRES	Robert 's soothing voice begins to comfort her , however her voice is louder .
tr	PRES	She snorts and turns my chair to face my computer .
tr	PRES	Caleb gazes up toward the sky , then makes his way in a quick climb up to the top of the highest outcropping .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	This doesn 't look good , " Navi murmurs , studying the damage but keeping her distance .
tr	PAST	I convulsed , I screamed , as my body arched and twist .
tr	PAST	" More like a revelation , " Rick countered .
tr	PRES	" I was going to ask your thoughts on the war , but if you 're too upset ... " begins Caesar .
tr	PAST	Even the lowest women of their island bore themselves like queens .
tr	PRES	The red flames shone brightly in her falling tears .
tr	PRES	For a moment , Five 's look softens .
tr	PRES	I swim to the other end , where the water gets darker and deeper , then push off and glide onto my back .
tr	PAST	A line of light broke the air , then rotated around itself , creating a hole into blackness .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Fatma , our precious baby , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	Some of my drink spills onto the table .
tr	PAST	I dialed Bryce 's number , hoping he would answer the phone .
tr	PAST	" Congratulate me , gentlemen , " he announced , accepting his own glass from Sawyer .
tr	PAST	Hal quickly backtracked , saying she could do as she wished , but he was clearly worried .
tr	PRES	Before me lay two long round hallways each leading towards different halves of the space station .
tr	PRES	The sound of a weapon being charged rises in the air , the tension as thick as a cloud of mist .
tr	PRES	Now , no one approaches me to introduce themselves .
tr	PRES	An old canvas backpack with a small canteen attached to the side by a chain hung from a wooden peg near the rear door .
tr	PAST	Sawyer regarded her with an unreadable expression .
tr	PAST	The Chief collected wood and made a fire in the mouth of the cave .
tr	PRES	Anyway , she brings home this boy from the middle of the woods .
tr	PRES	I buck my h * ps against him .
tr	PRES	And Olivia brings balance into his life . "
tr	PAST	Upon hearing that the stranger would " pay for it , " Kevin 's eyes brightened with eagerness and he ran with purpose back towards the house .
tr	PAST	She sensed Matt beside her , trying to hold her , but she could no more communicate with him than she could fly .
tr	PRES	However , writing remains her first love .
tr	PAST	" I can hardly wait , " Mom joked .
tr	PAST	She abandoned the bathroom in favor of digging through the shoes in her closet .
tr	PRES	" A family heirloom . "
tr	PAST	For the next hour and a half , they visited every region of the crumbling REX Hotel .
tr	PAST	Suppressed guilt unleashed its agony and bitter tears sprung to his eyes .
tr	PRES	He lays his elbows on the bar and leans toward me .
tr	PAST	I shimmied closer to him , the heat from his body soaking into mine and calming me enough so I could twist my hand into his pocket .
tr	PAST	' Oh Mr Judd , I 'm so unhappy , I don 't know what I shall do . '
tr	PAST	" Try it by yourself this time , " I instructed her , not wanting to grab her waist again .
tr	PAST	I stil mourned our first home , but in my mind , it was untouched .
tr	PRES	he whispers in my ear , still holding onto me .
tr	PRES	She throws back the rest of her wine .
tr	PRES	He stands , takes up the shotgun , and staggers back into the cabin .
tr	PRES	He sighs and glances behind me at Nathan .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	She glares at Miya , and the resemblance is so startling it takes me a moment to piece everything together .
tr	PAST	The shadow of a beard accented his jaw , the outline of his lips .
tr	PAST	It pierced my right shoulder , and I shrieked in anguish .
tr	PRES	" Meara , you look fabulous ! "
tr	PRES	* * * " Antonio - " " Please , call me Tony . "
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath , she dove in , plunging through the universe .
tr	PRES	" We nurture life , " Art corrects me .
tr	PRES	They huddle in the wall corner , whispering .
tr	PAST	Not only that , they shopped together every year .
tr	PAST	He restrained himself and reluctantly turned to the pastor .
tr	PAST	The beast stomped its foot .
tr	PRES	He climbs to the window sill and jumps down .
tr	PAST	Remnants of the previous night 's bonfire still swirled in the brisk morning breeze .
tr	PRES	Air hisses through my gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around his sizeable belly .
tr	PRES	You swim and now you want to row ! "
tr	PRES	" The kind that rattles enough to sound interesting .
tr	PRES	" Just something Sonia and I found in a rock pool .
tr	PAST	She toyed with her dog 's leash , weaving the rough hemp length between her fingers .
tr	PRES	" Benjamin found out about Chantilly 's little hiccup and is trying to get back at her by using you , " Suzy announces crisply .
tr	PAST	Zac quieted down but Einstein , Selena 's rooster , stood next to her and started crowing .
tr	PAST	He served as designated driver for people all the time .
tr	PRES	He does not deserve the bullet , rather , he deserves the blade ! "
tr	PAST	" Because they 've received orders .
tr	PRES	As I expected , the night brings the cold with it .
tr	PAST	Old pain , old darkness dimmed the bright morning .
tr	PRES	Bryn sniffs and wipes delicately beneath her eyes with the tips of her fingers .
tr	PRES	The door opens and I feel her soft , tough and gentle at the same time , hand on my back .
tr	PRES	Daniel opens the photo album on his lap .
tr	PAST	He yawned , wondering if she would want to remake the bed before the hotel maids could see it .
tr	PRES	X-rated movie houses , strip clubs , brothels , peep shows , kink clubs .
tr	PRES	They never teach you that the fish that survive are the ones that swim against the current .
tr	PAST	And I strapped on a pair of fabulous shoes .
tr	PAST	" I 'll call you , " I lied as she smiled at me weakly and hurried away .
tr	PRES	" A few inches from the ground .
tr	PRES	" Sir , I will do my duty sir , " he states .
tr	PAST	Such a shame , don 't you think ? "
tr	PRES	Finally , with a quarter of an hour already spent , Zach clears his throat and starts over .
tr	PRES	The last rays of sunset shone sharp reds and rich purples on the horizon .
tr	PAST	Alicia 's sunny smile dimmed a little .
tr	PRES	The smell of breakfast being cooked fills their cottage making their stomach 's growl .
tr	PRES	Ty roars at Grant in a thick Scottish accent that I assume is fake , given he didn 't have it a moment ago .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of the doors , cupping his hands around his eyes and peeking through the glass .
tr	PAST	" I know that logically , " I countered .
tr	PRES	" You 're very efficient , " he points out .
tr	PAST	He always treated me like the village idiot and blew me off when I asked about anything business-related .
tr	PRES	She loves you , so she 's leaving to get married to another man . "
tr	PAST	A window air conditioner droned loudly , the motor struggling to lower the temperature of the small room , with limited success .
tr	PAST	Once again , Beth sensed that Morrigan was only putting on a show of confidence .
tr	PRES	She loves her Disney . '
tr	PAST	He perked at every sound the forest made but would turn back to his thoughts right after , as if disappointed with what he heard .
tr	PRES	What holds us together ?
tr	PAST	Tavi regained his balance and set off in pursuit .
tr	PRES	The emotion disappears from Jack 's face , he removes my feet from his lap , and he suddenly stands .
tr	PAST	" Have you visited him ? "
tr	PRES	" And once in a while he stops grinning and remembers what he 's supposed to do with the piece of wood he 's holding . "
tr	PAST	I sensed a familiar presence standing behind me .
tr	PAST	Her pounding heart gradually slowed , and she reached up and flicked off the headlight .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here , Steve ? "
tr	PRES	" I dyed it to cover up the gray .
tr	PAST	Steering with his knee , he whipped his T-shirt over his head .
tr	PRES	" Who else uses them besides that ? "
tr	PRES	Her nostrils flare as she breathes and her nails bite into the arms of her chair .
tr	PAST	It advanced again , but this time went for Kenny 's gun .
tr	PRES	" Come now , " the governor said behind him , his tone taut .
tr	PRES	" It 's weird , um ... strange .
tr	PRES	" Your whole world ceases to exist and you 're nothing but a shell of the person you once were .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Big " lays out some big bucks to several " books " on the underdog .
tr	PAST	The intricacy of the beadwork revealed the time and attention he 'd given to every strand .
tr	PRES	" A unt Harriet ? "
tr	PRES	And then he opens up the door to what will be my bedroom .
tr	PRES	" Who summons me ? "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , the stupid runes you drew all over it .
tr	PRES	I scramble to sit up and search the doorway for help , but the hallway appears deserted .
tr	PRES	He deserves a better fate than turning vampire and being hated and feared by the world .
tr	PRES	He points below , where lights are flashing and the dance floor is packed .
tr	PRES	He opens them , regarding me with an intensity that penetrates straight to my core .
tr	PAST	She replayed the events of the day in her mind .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't they a beautiful couple , Harvey ? "
tr	PAST	His ribcage expanded and contracted with each breath , casting deep shadows across his abdomen every time he exhaled .
tr	PAST	Aiden taps his finger on the book and then suddenly , he 's back in the game .
tr	PRES	April reaches over to examine the color of my drying hair .
tr	PRES	Says it will ruin his reputation . "
tr	PRES	We engage the devils now ! "
tr	PRES	Ian pays for us , and as we head toward the concessions , we meet up with two of his friends .
tr	PRES	Cameron stops just short of the bed , right beside Asher .
tr	PAST	I thanked my lucky stars when I heard and saw him headed my way in a dead gallop .
tr	PAST	Maybe she feared her own mother was dead .
tr	PRES	I target the nozzle at a bare spot on the rock .
tr	PRES	" You sly fox ! "
tr	PRES	She outta be lying on a silver tray with an apple in her mouth surrounded by garnish . "
tr	PAST	Kateri stole another handful of peas from her grandmother 's pan .
tr	PRES	Cooper tries to pull her back , but she gently removes his hand from her body and drops down beside me .
tr	PAST	She froze and her gaze shifted from me to Cage and back .
tr	PAST	While he 'd amassed several grand homes around the world , he preferred to keep them sleek and modern .
tr	PAST	She wriggled until her legs straddled him again .
tr	PRES	Her legs were weak , her hands unsteady .
tr	PRES	It just hints of Keith .
tr	PRES	" Callie , I. ... " Fucking hell .
tr	PAST	The wind tugged and whipped her dress and hair in all different directions , spiraling and gaining unnatural speed .
tr	PAST	He received some very impressive gifts himself .
tr	PRES	" Sleep powder . "
tr	PAST	" I named him for my hereditary lands in Normandy .
tr	PRES	I lean closer to him and give him a lazy smile .
tr	PAST	he scoffed , though some of his bravado had leached away .
tr	PAST	That time , Lea attempted a left uppercut to Payton 's chin , but Payton read that and attempted a counter with a left hook .
tr	PAST	I yell , viewing my mama .
tr	PRES	' Mate , are you speechless ? '
tr	PRES	Brat tries the arms in sets of three , but my shields hold up .
tr	PAST	She yawned and collapsed on the pile of blankets inside the tent .
tr	PRES	The ache in his voice nearly kills me .
tr	PAST	Off the front of the building , a cement block wall extended to form a sort of paddock .
tr	PAST	" Aren 't there sharks out here ? "
tr	PAST	A rush of wind rustled the tall , yellowed grass and sent a whistle over the dilapidated roof of the tiny cottage .
tr	PAST	He hopped into his jeans and slid on his black sneakers .
tr	PRES	she mumbled as the adhesive tape tore off some of her lip 's skin .
tr	PRES	If they can 't stay there , Alice loves to have them over and maybe I can prevail on her in her romantic reverie .
tr	PAST	We will spend a little under three weeks in hyperspace , " Darius reported through the communication system .
tr	PRES	The cork pops with a ting then flies away with a zoom , while I giggle .
tr	PRES	" Them , of course . "
tr	PAST	But then that thought fled , and she gave herself over to his tongue , courting and seducing hers .
tr	PRES	" It 's just something that Simon and I noticed , " Neil mumbled .
tr	PRES	" He loves you .
tr	PRES	Behind it , the tail steals the show .
tr	PRES	Chase , who had easily batted the knife away , laughed triumphantly and leapt at Demetrius , swords flashing .
tr	PRES	I lean my seat back and pretend to sleep the rest of the flight .
tr	PRES	My heart nearly stops when she passes right in front of me , our bodies almost brushing against each other as she moves farther into the shop .
tr	PRES	I wash quickly with my left hand , leaving my right hand hanging at my side .
tr	PAST	Kong thanked her and accepted a quick sip of the offered water .
tr	PAST	It itched at him ; this was the first time his wavering had been revealed to a large group .
tr	PRES	" BC stands for buoyancy compensator .
tr	PAST	Jane lingered at the door .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and stayed awake as long as I could .
tr	PAST	He barreled through the open door and emerged into the surrounding fields .
tr	PRES	" My hero ! "
tr	PRES	" Cassie , you exist .
tr	PRES	Turns out that waffles and eggs work for breakfast , lunch and dinner if you need them to . "
tr	PRES	After they 'd finished , Hobbit keyed his comm , " Round complete , over . "
tr	PRES	Du n no if he 's been trying not to read me , or if I 've done a good job keeping it locked down until now .
tr	PAST	I proceeded with first aid that I learned during camp when I was in middle school .
tr	PAST	I doubted there were any cookies left this side of the Mason-Dixon Line , but I wasn 't about to say anything .
tr	PRES	She stops at the bookshelf and reaches her hand inside the vase and pulls out a star , then turns and walks back to the front door .
tr	PAST	He motioned for silence .
tr	PRES	Therefore , an insecure proprietor .
tr	PRES	Technically , that bar owes me free drinks , because I swam with the crocs and survived . "
tr	PAST	" Furthermore , even if we did find the cause , any additional procedures required could run to millions ! "
tr	PAST	He needs to be dealt with , and quickly , " Viggo piped in from his corner , outside of the conversation .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" So , witch , what should we do today ? "
tr	PAST	The outrageous things he said to her in a normal , everyday tone of voice never ceased to amaze her .
tr	PRES	Dreamer 's brown skin shone as she moved around the kitchen , making Ted 's mouth water .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned as I looked down through the falling snow .
tr	PAST	' Got the letter today .
tr	PAST	At those low words , everything slowed down for her .
tr	PAST	The landscape sped past the open windows on the car .
tr	PAST	she inquired , not able to stop herself .
tr	PRES	We provide them a $ 20 stake , and they get to keep their winnings .
tr	PAST	Kwan announced the beginning of our descent .
tr	PRES	He stands there ; devilishly handsome as my eyes roam down to his powerful set of shoulders that are straining against his button down dress shirt .
tr	PRES	Whether yours will be for good or ill , remains in your hands .
tr	PRES	Returning her attention to the Hermes captain she asked " You win sir , the ship remains yours .
tr	PAST	Jamison squinted at the photo , rubbed his eyes again in disbelief , and then took a second look .
tr	PAST	' See you Monday , ' the girl said , then eyed Daniel with a smile .
tr	PAST	Theo topped himself up and went over to the record collection to find a replacement for the Genesis single .
tr	PAST	She zipped by several of her neighbors , earning a glare for her rude driving and pushed on ahead .
tr	PRES	He pushes back , looking down at me , an arm on each side of my head .
tr	PAST	She squinted up at him like a myopic squirrel then jumped out of her seat , hiding the magnifying glass behind her back .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone with surprise and gratitude .
tr	PAST	Its roof swirled to a point , reminding Nikolas of a czar 's palace .
tr	PAST	The keypad now glowed yellow - closed , but unlocked .
tr	PRES	" No , " I hiss like an irate cat .
tr	PRES	My earlier promise to her bears repeating after all that 's happened today .
tr	PAST	Allen balled his hands on his hips .
tr	PRES	Eva rises , allowing him to sit .
tr	PAST	Until with one final strike the side of the wall caved in .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself toward me and presses one of my hands between his .
tr	PRES	I assume she 's here for the wedding . "
tr	PRES	The jogger was moving towards him , fists shadow boxing the air .
tr	PRES	Back in Jim 's loft , Andy begins looking over the logs on his computer .
tr	PRES	" Good morning , Your Highness ! "
tr	PAST	Directly above it swirled the vortex .
tr	PRES	' I don 't see what combustion engines have to do with anything , ' he mumbled in a confused response .
tr	PRES	" Well , um ... " She remembers it was around Thanksgiving .
tr	PAST	The Triforce abandoned you , " she stammers , staring in disbelief .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a powerful rush of air , accompanied by a large dark blur , emerged from the tunnel passage .
tr	PRES	Jase opens the screen door , motioning me back in .
tr	PAST	I cleaned my glasses , pushed them up on my nose , nodded at my reflection in the full-length mirror , and went downstairs .
tr	PAST	The immense dance floor 's lake like shimmer reflected the chandelier that hung above it , a chandelier so beautiful only poetry could do it justice .
tr	PRES	" Tabby , " a deep voice bellows , fighting through the wind .
tr	PAST	Michael 's gaze never wavered .
tr	PRES	It steals over me like a cold shadow , the meaning of her words .
tr	PAST	He sped uphill , casting a rooster tail of water behind his rear tires .
tr	PRES	The smile melts off his lips .
tr	PRES	" Love brings you closer to God and then everything you do will work out . "
tr	PAST	She feared undoing the women 's handiwork at her expense .
tr	PAST	Thought Haddington as he eyed the pale , thin young woman over the rim of his cup .
tr	PRES	I crouch into a ball , when the single bullet hits above my skull .
tr	PRES	He loves me and still made love to me .
tr	PRES	Jason lets go of my hand and I can see the tension in his face .
tr	PAST	I was suddenly furious , the brightness around me dimmed as if reflecting my sudden despair .
tr	PRES	" And this castle belongs to the king 's son ! "
tr	PRES	Finally Micha clears his throat and jabs me in the side with his elbow .
tr	PRES	She pushes at her glasses even though they 've not slid down her nose and says quietly , " Thank you . "
tr	PAST	Louise phoned the neighbour and quickly explained what Joyce was going through .
tr	PRES	The way they embrace their personal freedoms borders on anarchy .
tr	PRES	- an elevator , " said Vimes .
tr	PAST	I unzipped my robe and held it open so that the late spring breeze could reach the thin summer dress I wore underneath .
tr	PAST	A grouping of several yucca plants provided the cover he wanted , and also gave him a good view across the mesa in all directions .
tr	PAST	" You invite us for dinner .
tr	PAST	In fact , he resigned from the force almost immediately after moving me to a safe house in Nebraska with his grandmother .
tr	PRES	Small herds of animals plodded along , their herders cursing the other travelers .
tr	PAST	Usually the postal system destroyed at least one quarter of his mail .
tr	PRES	Was he punished ? "
tr	PAST	Memories flood me , like water , rising ... rising ... rising .
tr	PAST	A water taxi awaited her .
tr	PRES	Starbucks stands abruptly , staring down at her in horror .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled behind his glasses .
tr	PRES	" Oh , toss me a ten dollar coin . "
tr	PRES	It disappears into the trees .
tr	PAST	Helen 's mouth hung open , her attention riveted to the television .
tr	PRES	" He nearly killed me before but he didn 't do it , " she crowed .
tr	PAST	I cringed and regretted even asking him .
tr	PRES	" He umm ... he 's ... his father 's son . "
tr	PAST	" I danced once , even though I 've never danced before in my life . "
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm determined to stop him before he kills anyone else .
tr	PAST	I freed the photograph nestled at the bottom of the box and handed it to Ashlyn .
tr	PAST	An alarm pierced the silence and a spotlight swooped across the area .
tr	PAST	I sped up , losing myself in the moment .
tr	PRES	He hisses , but doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	" Vanessa Howell . "
tr	PAST	I grunted at him , and when he didn 't say another damn word , my insanity worsened .
tr	PAST	The enemy chased the troops for awhile , but soon they grew disheartened and left them alone .
tr	PAST	I prayed that whoever was behind the wheel would reverse out of the all ey and call the police .
tr	PAST	Maybe I dreamed the whole thing .
tr	PAST	" He designed the house . "
tr	PRES	Queen Nema approaches with a vindictive smile .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hand .
tr	PRES	Sorry I disturbed you .
tr	PRES	" And Gray ? "
tr	PRES	" So what are you gon na major in , Woods ? "
tr	PRES	After another dip , the emergency oxygen masks fel from above .
tr	PAST	I went back to the calendar to check , the one posted behind the bar .
tr	PRES	Randy : Guns the car and throws it in reverse .
tr	PRES	The waiter tries to come over to take our order , but the look on Sean 's face scares him away .
tr	PAST	Jennifer practically leaped from the chair .
tr	PAST	Because of the chain , she sensed Adrien 's love for the boy .
tr	PRES	" Em , think about it , " I lean my head back against the wall , wiping away the tears that soak my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" And please forgive Silken for her irrational behavior .
tr	PRES	I snuck in behind them , Anja seen me .
tr	PRES	We usually reserve that side for the least of us .
tr	PRES	He loves us in spite of who we think we are , or who or what we think we should be .
tr	PRES	" Some of them have swords now , and whenever one of my men falls they drag his weapons away from him . "
tr	PAST	And those eyes comforted her trembling soul , soothing a slight smile to her lips .
tr	PRES	He deals with tiny deviations that are well within the experimental error .
tr	PRES	" Yours silly . "
tr	PAST	I scooted into the Mercedes next to Mrs. Sterling , her umbrella resting between us as Jameson drove us to town .
tr	PAST	He cocked the gun again .
tr	PAST	The experience shattered her confidence with men , and it was years before she would even go out with another man for more than a few dates .
tr	PAST	My mom taps on the door and swings it open .
tr	PRES	Hers holds a promise .
tr	PAST	" Before she moved in here at the Towers , someone trashed her hotel room at the Hamlet .
tr	PRES	" Yee ha ! "
tr	PRES	She likes you . "
tr	PRES	" Because a man has to make a living , V .
tr	PRES	Ivy stops a few feet away from me .
tr	PRES	Your whole body freezes every time I mention something about him . "
tr	PRES	Mai offers , snatching him from the jaws of oblivion as the light continues to fall and fall further below .
tr	PAST	That night she emailed Mira and started planning her trip .
tr	PAST	On hearing her name , Greta scooted further under the chair .
tr	PAST	The motorcycles screeched , veering and turning .
tr	PRES	You ruined it ! "
tr	PRES	She sees a great gas giant with white swirling storm in its wild atmosphere .
tr	PAST	Devonshire dismissed the image , and laughed .
tr	PAST	She spurred the horse on .
tr	PRES	" You file your report yet ? "
tr	PAST	" Most women aren 't , " he stated confidently .
tr	PAST	Chantelle sobbed , the pain in her foot a searing hot splinter twisting its way up her leg .
tr	PRES	Ah , Herr 'D on , surely you are your father 's son , one so quick to anger , yet so slow to action . "
tr	PAST	She squinted at the words .
tr	PRES	It fades there because Bryan Raine is coming right toward us .
tr	PRES	The carriage - " " Hush . "
tr	PAST	" Well , we 're not anymore , " I sniffed .
tr	PRES	" Princess , this is Sir Luther Landon , brave Knight of Castle Lux . "
tr	PRES	" To be quite literal : everything .
tr	PRES	' Dick Love . '
tr	PRES	Someone a lot smarter than the general consensus holds Nellie to be , as judged by the way she talks and lives .
tr	PAST	Known as the demon wind , the dark power normally disintegrated living flesh .
tr	PRES	The soles shone in my light .
tr	PAST	The leaves of a young fan palm rustled in the hot breeze , their woody shh shh the only thing he could hear .
tr	PAST	His secretary buzzed , but Kennedy didn 't respond .
tr	PRES	The plan itself never changes . "
tr	PAST	" Come with us , " Cole urged .
tr	PAST	Ben and I pretended not to hear him , knowing that eventually he 'd go round to the cat door .
tr	PAST	Carmina shrieked and vanished .
tr	PAST	She elbowed him playfully .
tr	PRES	" Just making a little investment , Sarge .
tr	PAST	They were a heavy burden to bear , those twisted fruits , yet I bore them because I could .
tr	PAST	She crisscrossed her legs and closed her eyes , slipping into meditation .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Bubbles grunted without looking up , moving on from cleaning his gun to sharpening his survival knife .
tr	PRES	Chubby pink sausages on the grill .
tr	PAST	The grey noose still circled his throat .
tr	PAST	The golden blonde tugged Fletcher 's arm , eager to get him away from the little purple shrew who had stolen his attention .
tr	PAST	She emerged on a narrow strip of lawn and burst through the station doors .
tr	PRES	The criminal saint . "
tr	PRES	Dad glares at me .
tr	PAST	" Maybe it 's just that my mother taught me right , " he countered , throwing her earlier words back at her .
tr	PAST	The thunder ceased ; but the rain still continued , and the scene was enveloped in an impenetrable darkness .
tr	PAST	Not right them havin ' to go hungry , while he has a good time at the bar every night . "
tr	PAST	Finally a man with a gruff , pissed off voice hollered from somewhere deep in the back of the joint .
tr	PRES	He stands up , and my dad writes something in his notebook .
tr	PAST	Talon claimed they often disappeared for days , but always found their way back to him , even if he had moved on .
tr	PRES	" Amazing , actually . "
tr	PAST	The woman motioned him inside .
tr	PRES	She sighs , sinking down into the couch between Sam and Tyson .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " I persisted .
tr	PRES	A large tree stands about twenty feet to your left but that doesn 't matter because the green lies dead ahead .
tr	PAST	Relieved , I inched a little closer .
tr	PRES	Does he still cheat at cards ? "
tr	PAST	I risked a peek around the corner .
tr	PRES	Giving away bits of your life for the inspiration she offers ?
tr	PRES	" You 're missing the point again , Eugenie .
tr	PRES	Elijah tries not to notice and orders penne .
tr	PRES	The Gold Jester chuckles .
tr	PAST	She presses a loose strand of hair back into her braid .
tr	PAST	She mumbled something that vaguely sounded like , " Where are we ? "
tr	PAST	Over and over he teased his tongue past my teeth , stroking inside , taking .
tr	PRES	I snap when I 'm tired . "
tr	PAST	" Well , at least you cleaned up after yourself . "
tr	PAST	She retreated deep inside herself , where there was no pain , no exhaustion and no fear .
tr	PRES	" Tomorrow , we march on Rome herself and we 'll bring that bitch to her knees . "
tr	PRES	Slowly regaining consciousness , Rift rises to a sitting position in his itchy bed of straw , the recently dressed wound on his back still throbbing .
tr	PRES	Grubbs brings his pack of werewolves along ( " For fun , " he grins bleakly ) but we leave the soldiers behind .
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PAST	Shawn flung his coat back and got ready for a gun fight .
tr	PAST	His voice cracks ever so slightly .
tr	PRES	" My story begins a long time ago in the place where I am from .
tr	PRES	I was fifteen , " I add .
tr	PAST	I attempted to smooth it down and tuck it behind my ear . '
tr	PRES	Nodding , I lean in for her mouth , but then veer left and breathe hotly on her neck .
tr	PAST	Gratefully he enfolded her in its warmth .
tr	PRES	" What if I teach you how to float ? "
tr	PRES	The fire 's red embers flare before extinguishing .
tr	PRES	Knox 's groggy voice brings me back to Earth , " What are you thinking ? "
tr	PAST	Amazingly , no one bothered him or asked him what was wrong .
tr	PAST	' Look at this , ' she announced then , running into the bedroom and re-emerging with a silken slip in her hand .
tr	PAST	She just prayed that faith hadn 't been misplaced .
tr	PAST	She clasped his wrist .
tr	PRES	An uneasiness chews away at me every time I catch sight of it .
tr	PRES	This girl holds true power .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , tell me something I don 't know , " she replies , sounding panicked .
tr	PRES	" Ah yes , quite an accomplishment on Nicholas 's part . "
tr	PAST	The creamy green glowed .
tr	PAST	Dan 's heart rate slowed and his muscles relaxed as surprise gave way to relief .
tr	PAST	She tugged him closer , her mouth aching from the big smile on her face .
tr	PAST	Vin squinted , burning tin , and recognized a moderately familiar face .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not hungry for that , " I snap .
tr	PAST	" I referred to our last " client " by her first name on numerous occasions .
tr	PRES	" Or , at the very least , powered it up .
tr	PAST	A reluctant smile tugged at her lips .
tr	PRES	I bat my eye lashes , " I 'll bake you some cupcakes for tomorrow . "
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened and Grace could see he was quite taken with this bachelor auction .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think so , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Brock 's larger , pugilistic frame lent him well to the part of Vladimir .
tr	PRES	He flicks on the lights and it fills the crack under the closet door .
tr	PAST	He rotated the hand around the wrist a lot of times .
tr	PRES	" What appointment ? "
tr	PAST	She rinsed her bowl in the sink and stacked it in the dishwasher .
tr	PRES	Adam likewise remains where he is .
tr	PAST	He stated it as the truth it was . '
tr	PAST	Her heartbeat steadied , and she let out a long breath .
tr	PAST	Before she could give this possibility consideration , the blue eyes reappeared .
tr	PAST	He stated as he put his hands in his pocket .
tr	PRES	" Everything ok ? "
tr	PRES	I chalked it up to the physical exertion and the thick stand of pine and birch shielding us from the wind .
tr	PRES	He sighs and hopes for the best .
tr	PRES	Oxbow frowns at the dead bodies .
tr	PRES	" So , your head gear allows you see our position because it tracks a unique signal from your device . "
tr	PAST	He willed something to leave it .
tr	PRES	Reaching down , I snap my fingers twice to catch its attention .
tr	PRES	" Hey , Brit , you OK ? "
tr	PRES	And despite me usually being in control in bed , I crave the opposite .
tr	PRES	He smiled down at me , straight teeth gleaming in the club lights .
tr	PAST	Jogging to the train station , I hopped on and waited for it to take me home .
tr	PRES	" Haven 't seen him , Coach . "
tr	PAST	Really , when ? "
tr	PRES	The sun strikes over the horizon like a fist hitting the mountains in the face , striking them pink .
tr	PAST	He tensed at her words .
tr	PRES	" Who cal s us ? "
tr	PRES	" Channel one zero eight , adult channel . "
tr	PRES	She fills both our cups and takes a seat across from me .
tr	PAST	He thanked her and then we began to head back out to the car .
tr	PRES	Summer announces as she and Rex both climb in the back seat .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the TV to find golf playing on BBC1 .
tr	PRES	So much love shone there , and such promise of the good times ahead .
tr	PAST	His pale face blanched further and he asked , " What do you mean ? "
tr	PRES	As though reading my thoughts , my phone buzzes in my bag , and I dig through it eagerly , hoping for some escape .
tr	PAST	The demon 's rusty gaze flicked to the nightstand .
tr	PRES	Quietly she changes her focus to Cy .
tr	PAST	The captain and his wife eyed them hungrily .
tr	PAST	He squinted , rubbing the condensation from the glass .
tr	PRES	I crack an eye to see Sasha 's knuckles white against the steering wheel .
tr	PRES	" So we were thinking of having a party , " he announces as he piles the bags onto the kitchen counter .
tr	PAST	" I totally remember him from grade school , " Sonia chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Human blood tastes quite good . "
tr	PAST	Hungry eyes roamed over her nightgown .
tr	PRES	Somehow I screwed up .
tr	PAST	Then Conrad chimed in .
tr	PAST	I mentally slapped myself : He was the past .
tr	PRES	He rips out the cord and stands the bottle upright .
tr	PRES	Skyla coils her legs around me .
tr	PRES	She remembers Hope saying that she had power -- maybe she was the most powerful one .
tr	PAST	He installed a telephone in his office for Lara 's calls .
tr	PAST	Fifteen unanswered telephone calls .
tr	PAST	Good-bye , my friend , " he sobbed himself to sleep .
tr	PAST	As far away as he was from them , he doubted they could hear .
tr	PRES	The deck numbers increase as you go down , with the primary deck as deck one .
tr	PAST	I 'm thinking we have met before , " I dared to tell her .
tr	PRES	Urgent voices shout in a coded language I don 't understand .
tr	PAST	" We unwound it .
tr	PAST	' You come back alone ... ' ' Chloe is resting , ' he blandly stated .
tr	PRES	Just this lime . "
tr	PAST	Damian hopped in the shower for his 60 seconds , scrubbing ruthlessly with shampoo and soap before toweling off in record time .
tr	PAST	Reining in my anger , I stormed away from the farmhouse , keeping my eyes alert for signs of Patch .
tr	PAST	One powerful hand steadied the baby 's back as his eyes smiled at Sherry .
tr	PRES	Jack holds my hand the entire way back to the barn , and when we see our dads , I expect him to drop it .
tr	PRES	She opens the door and struggles to hop in .
tr	PRES	" I assume he was holding them against your good behavior . "
tr	PRES	She never misses a beat , her movements perfectly in control .
tr	PAST	Passing time , I collected all the books I had duplicate copies of and placed them on my desk .
tr	PRES	" I was getting around to it , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	I shout , frightening both of them .
tr	PRES	' Calm down , Pol .
tr	PRES	' The Dream Academy ! '
tr	PRES	" And that bothers you . "
tr	PRES	Noah lays the blanket on the sidewalk and pulls out another to cover us after we sit .
tr	PAST	Andrea unfolded to her feet and turned to the sink to run some water .
tr	PRES	Mathis and Parker mocked Liam on how long it took him to win the sexual favors of Claire Stone .
tr	PRES	The Black Jester releases his death grip and lets the body slump over the mahogany desk .
tr	PAST	The cold air glided over her flushed skin and made her shiver .
tr	PAST	In the midst of the roar of rockets , the spectators cheered .
tr	PAST	He twirled his tie and it was clear that he was only interested in the easy money , squeeze people until they pop and collect his checks .
tr	PRES	He stands me on a small stool and has me hold out my arms .
tr	PAST	She then proceeded to feed him , cooing and gently rocking him as the baby hungrily sucked the life giving substance .
tr	PAST	" I need the money now , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	" But he likes you , too . "
tr	PRES	Just don 't feel like you have to ... settle . "
tr	PRES	He pops his head up beside mine and holds up Pete 's blue T-shirt .
tr	PAST	She shuffled up really close to me .
tr	PAST	" Feet , " the Marat rumbled .
tr	PAST	Kid named Ben Rollins .
tr	PRES	She storms ahead of me , red heels clicking on the tile .
tr	PRES	She speeds out the door before I can stop her .
tr	PAST	He crouched down to my eye level .
tr	PAST	The sparkle reflected in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Painter sensed the press of time and quickly calculated in his head what he needed to pull this off .
tr	PAST	As long as we lived at home , my mother treated us as though we were no different than we had been before the change . "
tr	PRES	" The only one not in VIPER protective custody . "
tr	PAST	The desk would take her about two hours , she estimated , prepared to assume the task .
tr	PAST	While I rocked her , my attention roamed over the mass of men filling up the space .
tr	PAST	Some still lingered in uncertainty of what to do .
tr	PRES	" What neighborhood ? "
tr	PAST	Every instinct urged him to flee , to get away from the cold rage and madness spiraling up from the depths .
tr	PAST	At her building , his tires squealed to a stop .
tr	PRES	While we were crossing the river after disposing of the ladders . "
tr	PRES	" I belong to no man ! "
tr	PRES	" What services ? "
tr	PAST	When you weighed the risks against the rewards , the risks always tipped the scale .
tr	PAST	" Dinah , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" The underground Lair of the Weaver stretches deep .
tr	PAST	I proposed as we kissed off the coast of Pattaya .
tr	PRES	" And away we go , " Maya states screaming the last word .
tr	PAST	A change in habit tipped me off . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " Fiona mumbled .
tr	PRES	I sprawl out beneath him , wide-eyed with blissful wonder .
tr	PRES	As far as I 'm concerned , James owes me . "
tr	PAST	Someone stole someone else 's boyfriend , someone was selling their ADHD medication , and three boys were busted stealing the school flag .
tr	PAST	All his brothers eyed him with suspicion .
tr	PRES	" Chamber one holds about eight hundred .
tr	PRES	" How ya ' holdin ' up , hon ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes slowly adjusted so he could view his surroundings , but he didn 't bother trying to look at anything .
tr	PRES	He inhales a deep breath as he presses his closed lips against mine , breathing me into him .
tr	PRES	" Don 't do this , " Ice begged , his voice ragged .
tr	PRES	Her heels dug into the mattress , her panting breaths filling the room .
tr	PAST	Ignoring her struggles , he hauled her to the bed and threw her face down on the fur coverings .
tr	PRES	" Last one in forfeits dessert . "
tr	PAST	They strapped her to the gurney and then loaded her inside the ambulance .
tr	PAST	Helen 's lips curved in a pensive frown .
tr	PRES	Says Kol quickly drawing a dagger and knocking away the sword .
tr	PRES	Echo jerks irritably upright because I 'm shouting in her ear .
tr	PRES	I mutter , checking the time stamps to the emails .
tr	PRES	Says Robert quickly , shrugging off our questions and firing frantic ones of his own .
tr	PAST	Normally Henry indulged him , but not today .
tr	PAST	Lor , was it Jan or Dean visited us here ?
tr	PRES	" Good work , Matt , " Elijah mumbled .
tr	PRES	She barely considers it before moving on to the next question .
tr	PRES	" Me too , " Claire mumbled , before turning to walk slowly towards the hostel .
tr	PRES	Chapter 4 The Red Screw Ah , that clears it up then .
tr	PAST	Serena racks her brains for a more substantial excuse for him to stay .
tr	PRES	Pox stops then hugs her .
tr	PRES	The spectacle in front of me draws in Rex and Tanner 's attention .
tr	PRES	" You can plead for your life , but the Great Master has already spoken , " hisses Grinder .
tr	PAST	Before he could answer , Ray 's voice piped up : " He dove into the circle the moment your energy zipped out .
tr	PRES	Then I also assume that you are looking for the Theatre . " "
tr	PAST	All his belongings piled in boxes in the hall ; the bedroom floor littered with torn autographed posters from the Raccoons .
tr	PAST	" No one can see , " Adam rasped in my ear .
tr	PRES	He attempts to conceive what word could be spoken to break anything at all , but ends up where he started .
tr	PAST	" With your permission , General , I 'll go out and find better cooks , " I volunteered .
tr	PRES	It allows us to plot the trajectory of cannon balls and to thread a spaceship through the rings of Saturn .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , fuck face . "
tr	PAST	Viktor dusted off the side of the object and found a handle .
tr	PAST	" It 's not important , " she lied .
tr	PAST	A satisfied grin curved her mouth as she continued walking in the direction of her house .
tr	PAST	We washed our hands and settled down on a cushion at the bow to watch the skies .
tr	PRES	He flicks his finger at the paper .
tr	PRES	She pushes me against the wall and drowns me in another kiss .
tr	PRES	" Well , Mr. Steele - " " Rick . "
tr	PAST	She scooted out of Hal 's mind as fast as she was able to and flung herself recklessly across the open expanses of the mental stream .
tr	PAST	Katie hooked her arm through mine and pulled me along .
tr	PRES	He stands up from the chair and drops the bowl into the sink , observing me .
tr	PRES	" What about the other gods ? "
tr	PRES	I have not been a good Christian these last few days , I confess it openly .
tr	PRES	He touches my knee , and my eyes practically roll back in my head from the pleasure of his skin connecting with mine .
tr	PAST	I dialed up Jeff 's number .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " Reggie lied .
tr	PRES	Can I borrow her ? '
tr	PRES	Here they shone upon the desert like tiny moons , and many streaked across the sky .
tr	PRES	" I told you , " she snaps .
tr	PAST	I evaded my father that evening , went falcon and flew on down to the appointed meeting place .
tr	PRES	" How about Cathy ? "
tr	PAST	You skipped again . "
tr	PRES	" It never stops . "
tr	PAST	The girl staring back at me glowed in the halo of flames dancing a finger 's width above her skin .
tr	PRES	I crack a roll of dimes against the counter , and Brielle nearly jumps out of her skin .
tr	PRES	It all sort of curves back on itself .
tr	PAST	Severance tensed , waiting for it to be cut off with the usual deadly abruptness .
tr	PRES	It kills me to see you suffer . "
tr	PRES	He pushes me off his lap and stands up .
tr	PRES	" Different points of view . "
tr	PRES	" Nonsense Mr. Zane .
tr	PAST	But in the next instant , my feet froze in place and the knife dropped from my hand .
tr	PAST	Alix crouched forward , her arms outstretched with a switchblade firmly gripped in her left hand .
tr	PRES	Please , " Miriam begged .
tr	PAST	A wary hope replaced the icy chill of rejection , although he was careful to hide it behind a scowl .
tr	PRES	" Helen talks too much . "
tr	PRES	The bitch deserves this pain .
tr	PAST	Noticing Renzo , they exploded into noisy flight .
tr	PRES	A blast from JT 's bracelet misses her and grazes me .
tr	PRES	I also disagree with men like Samuels who feel that the Chinese are bad for business .
tr	PRES	She storms toward the kids .
tr	PRES	I lean over to see what all the fuss is about .
tr	PRES	Eddie scoots closer to me in the backseat and cups her hand to my ear .
tr	PAST	The corners of the angel 's mouth tipped up , but it was hardly a smile .
tr	PAST	Grabbing the reins , she urged him forward so that they galloped downstream .
tr	PRES	Why just the other day ... " " Mr. Johnson ! "
tr	PAST	I acted on instinct .
tr	PRES	Olivia clutches my hand , and we both cross our fingers .
tr	PRES	Zeke pushes me back and runs a hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	Kara trusted again but she maintained caution .
tr	PAST	The kids stated they were playing basketball on a vacant lot when a scuffle broke out .
tr	PRES	Adel climbs out of the hot tub starting another round of squeals from the girls .
tr	PRES	We watched the twin engine turbo prop land and taxi toward us , its lights blinking .
tr	PRES	Andy flips on the radio to a station that plays classics from the fifties , and the kitchen relaxes .
tr	PRES	The mirror presents me with a severe reflection , the image of someone harder , more resolute than I 'm used to .
tr	PRES	Did someone steal her clothes ? "
tr	PAST	He smoked and cured enough meat to last through the cold winters .
tr	PAST	Leah and Nora slapped the respective alarms off .
tr	PRES	Tracing the length of the petal edges with my gaze , I explore the picture like a honeybee searching dark voids for nectar .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , Becks .
tr	PAST	Besides , he very much doubted Dale wanted to know what Ice had been up to .
tr	PAST	Scattered soldiers panicked and broke ranks before being hauled back into place by their brothers in arms .
tr	PAST	She cuffed Carol 's arm and checked her blood pressure .
tr	PAST	He stomped the accelerator , the birds covering the truck scattered .
tr	PRES	" Oh my God , " Kim whispered , her eyes slowly rising to the ceiling .
tr	PRES	Still , that stark black hair atop a tall , broad-shouldered body ... .
tr	PRES	He likes my touch and he leans into it as I move my hand .
tr	PAST	Of course Lucas dreamed about her , too .
tr	PRES	And what he did about it afterward . "
tr	PRES	Bright sunlight shone through our window , bouncing off the snow .
tr	PAST	The room buzzed with excited energy though and my heart raced even higher .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter , kicking the tire .
tr	PRES	But only if all else fails .
tr	PAST	He motioned with his eyes at my concealed mark .
tr	PAST	Her smooth olive skin glowed golden in the dim light .
tr	PAST	Instead , he motioned for his driver to pull the town car around .
tr	PAST	Beth jabbed her elbow in his ribs .
tr	PRES	" That tickles ! "
tr	PRES	Both boys scramble up and assist the others in filling gas cans , while flames grow around them .
tr	PAST	The steel cables rising through the boreholes changed from silver braid to yellow leader chains .
tr	PRES	" So that explains how you came to the diner .
tr	PRES	Thankfully , my ability to speak returns immediately .
tr	PAST	At the top , Rema froze .
tr	PAST	She wept after being sick , running from the kitchen , scared to death of what it could mean .
tr	PRES	The most powerful mystical tablet in existence .
tr	PRES	" You can do it , " Anthony whispers , patting me gently on the knee .
tr	PRES	Then the softly modulating male tones chilled her bones deliciously .
tr	PAST	I always tipped really well , and would have done so even if it had been my own money .
tr	PAST	Edward stowed his phone and turned toward his laptop .
tr	PAST	" Dara , stop drinking from her water fountain , " Scarlet urged , thumbing in Crimson 's direction .
tr	PAST	Her tone of voice provoked a smile .
tr	PAST	His nose nuzzled her neck as he reached behind her .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me .
tr	PAST	He attempted a chuckle .
tr	PAST	The grayish swimming void unfolded before me again , and I desperately tried to keep from sinking within it .
tr	PRES	He slides his arm under my shoulder and pulls me closer .
tr	PRES	Classes drag on and on as I over analyze everything .
tr	PRES	He reaches inside and removes another leather book with the initials A.A. engraved on the front of it .
tr	PRES	He pushes past Tobias to see the picture over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	As beautiful as she was , I doubted most could resist her .
tr	PAST	He dropped the rapier , leaping forwards , claws outstretched for my throat .
tr	PRES	He just likes being with me and he only loves my dirty socks .
tr	PRES	" Master Johnson . "
tr	PAST	She yawned widely and sat up , grinning .
tr	PRES	A gush of warm and faintly stale air , the indoor air of winter .
tr	PAST	He thanked her for her help , paid the bill , and asked her to send his purchases to the hotel .
tr	PAST	She twirled excitedly , like a ballerina .
tr	PAST	Dante 's face mirrored her skepticism .
tr	PAST	Liam cocked his head .
tr	PRES	The queen stopped right outside the tent , eyes blinking slowly .
tr	PRES	That dark green hair passes every time . "
tr	PRES	As I strode through the mud , Katie begged me to forget it .
tr	PAST	The vibrations tickled her throat , and already it was sore from the sudden explosion of words .
tr	PRES	The moment we sell the farm , the police will get the new owner 's permission to search , and they 'll go over every inch . "
tr	PRES	" I hope you can catch Simone off-guard like you can with me , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Even now it pulses under my skin with energy .
tr	PAST	She dialed a number from memory and a moment later , spoke to the person who answered the other end .
tr	PRES	I lean down next to him .
tr	PRES	It 's a retirement community , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	He lands on his back with the cub on his chest .
tr	PAST	And then he proceeded to demonstrate exactly how pleasurable their latest collaboration could be .
tr	PAST	Nodding , he shuffled over to the one alien who 'd been stalking back and forth in front of the others as they worked .
tr	PAST	It floated effortlessly from my fingers to my shoulder and then back into the trees ; I contemplated following it , but was interrupted .
tr	PAST	" And she never bothered to say anything . "
tr	PAST	So Dr. Booth caved a little and suggested the diary .
tr	PAST	The necromancers abandoned their spell circle to investigate .
tr	PAST	When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me , he acted fast for fear of losing me .
tr	PAST	He slowed behind the mail carrier as the school bus chugged past , clearing the driveway - where Kirstie still stood holding her mother 's hand .
tr	PAST	Her soft grunts and groans matched his thrusts , eating away at his self-control .
tr	PRES	I fish a stone out of my Chest that I remember Sandor using when he was deconstructing a particularly complicated machine .
tr	PAST	Lucas 's girlfriend plopped down on the opposite side of the table .
tr	PRES	He falls across Six 's body , crying and yelling .
tr	PAST	I lingered with my key in the lock , wondering how long this was going to last .
tr	PRES	" Maybe -- if you guys didn 't use shields the size of a Hummer . "
tr	PRES	He probably hates me after Trevor told him I wasn 't interested .
tr	PAST	Zeke tensed as she sat back on her hindquarters .
tr	PRES	" What if the water changes to a dark color ?
tr	PAST	James reclined against the bedroom doorframe with a mug of coffee in his hand .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're the one hooking up with him . "
tr	PRES	He stretches a hand out to shake Alex 's .
tr	PRES	He drifts slowly along the wall until he 's somewhere behind me , and not seeing him is even worse than seeing him .
tr	PAST	Kudzu nuzzled up to her , trying to comfort her , but she would not be comforted .
tr	PRES	I increase my pace until I 'm running , only vaguely noticing that the incline slopes upward , as if we 're going aboveground at last .
tr	PRES	Before the eighth , the crowd sings " Take Me Out to the Ball Game . "
tr	PRES	Iris revved the throttle and took off .
tr	PAST	Margaret 's phone then buzzed in her hand .
tr	PRES	The gallery 's overhead lights click on when the solar lamp clicks off .
tr	PRES	In fact the more she tries to avoid him , the more he pushes to get to know her .
tr	PAST	The book exploded into a fiery ball , rocking the necromancer with heat , force , and fire .
tr	PRES	All too soon , he releases me and I can feel the smile on his lips .
tr	PAST	Then she regained that calm she 'd been showing me , and looked at me with a cool smile .
tr	PAST	Kelly cringed , and Jack imagined she was playing back her interpretation of the night 's events in her head .
tr	PRES	" God helps those who help themselves . "
tr	PAST	This required emotional sensitivity , and he 'd never had the call for it before .
tr	PAST	" No , we just stole it and took it for a joy ride . "
tr	PAST	He inched forward , watching as the head of his c * ck disappeared into her slick , pink flesh .
tr	PRES	Salina 's voice remains cool , " We did nothing that she won 't recover from .
tr	PRES	White walls , white ceiling panels , and a white window pane .
tr	PRES	What about these plates ?
tr	PAST	" Tell her yourself , " I instructed him , placing my hands firmly on his wound .
tr	PRES	she answered , her voice unsteady .
tr	PAST	His back and shoulders stiffened .
tr	PAST	I dialed Cassie 's number , but it went straight to voice mail .
tr	PAST	Grabbing hold of one of his wings , I poised myself to slice right through it .
tr	PRES	She holds up her doll .
tr	PRES	White noise roars in my head , blocking out the broadcast .
tr	PAST	" So ... " Amy urged her to continue .
tr	PRES	" She visits every couple of days .
tr	PRES	" Ethan , " I warn , the moment I hear the doors to the ballroom click shut .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five At his office two days later , Chandler scrolled through the results on the names Alana had given him for a third time .
tr	PAST	The pollen in the air tickled his nostrils as he stepped over to the house .
tr	PAST	" Hey ... you know I 'm the slow one out of all of us , " he joked .
tr	PAST	" Um , well , " I hedged , smiling at her .
tr	PAST	Behind it is a shelf of various jars and containers , all neatly labeled with fractional numbers , filled with little nuts and bolts and metal rings .
tr	PRES	Robin glares at me , watching my expression carefully .
tr	PRES	Especially the rifle . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , you silly man . "
tr	PRES	With luck we 'll have the methane problem fixed by the time they dock .
tr	PRES	" Glad to be here , " Robert awkwardly interrupted .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not running , " she denied , knowing that it wasn 't the truth .
tr	PRES	" Ten tiny breaths , " I murmur more to myself , feeling my lips curl with the irony .
tr	PRES	She stands , pushing her chair back .
tr	PAST	John froze , " You ... know about me ? "
tr	PAST	Heather arose quietly so as not to disturb Daniel .
tr	PRES	All about the raven , the ruby , and the number twelve , and the outlook is kind of grim for them .
tr	PRES	" The one in the yellow raincoat . "
tr	PRES	But then I recall the deaths of my friends and my crazy humour passes .
tr	PRES	Uncle Nate slams his fist on the table .
tr	PAST	Fin flicked his hand in the direction of a long pole and set fire to the box with wires stretching from it .
tr	PAST	He ambled over to her , standing so close she could smell the subtle woodsy fragrance of his aftershave .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps some sandwiches too ? "
tr	PRES	" So eager . "
tr	PAST	But she still dared him with her words .
tr	PAST	Then his eyes flicked to one side , and he tilted his head slightly , baring his throat .
tr	PAST	To discover that she was in fact dead and so visibly bloodied even pierced their conscience .
tr	PAST	Hunter abandoned all attempts to find any other entrances .
tr	PAST	" Lucky guess , " I lied .
tr	PAST	A powerful , agile dog , Chief feared neither garbage trucks , nor stray dogs or horses .
tr	PAST	When he did not show up for a trial on Monday morning , his law clerks panicked and called the FBI .
tr	PAST	she hollered , as I stood up on the shore .
tr	PAST	Lara received a telephone call from Charles Cohn .
tr	PAST	" Gideon , you nearly frightened me to death , " she accused in sharp tones .
tr	PRES	I vow to love and cherish you for all our days .
tr	PAST	" It 's time , ain 't it , " he stated .
tr	PRES	I swim now through the crowd , from my encounter with the mare goddess and back into the real world .
tr	PAST	The sword flapped high above his cheek in the air , failing by a plain inch or so to chop off his ear .
tr	PAST	Bret dove through the doorway of one of the homes but Aiden was cut off from the doorway as the monster spun .
tr	PRES	" If you add it up . "
tr	PRES	Carol turned slowly , her eyes grazing the surrounding landscape before landing on her daughter .
tr	PAST	The large ceiling fan exploded into pieces .
tr	PAST	Shelly defended her mother 's stance .
tr	PRES	Chapter 69 Isaiah THE ENTIRE ROOM TURNS AND stares .
tr	PRES	The light shone off an expensive leather watch .
tr	PAST	Part of her feared being raped by this man while another part did not because he 'd kept his word for the most part .
tr	PRES	He releases my hand .
tr	PRES	Before they could say anything , Spencer whipped the door open .
tr	PRES	Mike comments , nodding his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	A terrible sadness washed over her .
tr	PRES	Bogart clears his throat .
tr	PAST	He had her in the back of his van , gagged , hands cuffed to the sliding door , feet tied together with a rope .
tr	PAST	The Botkin 's jaw extended , sending Clementine scurrying backward .
tr	PAST	" Spencer ... , " her father rasped .
tr	PRES	All the girls were standing silently on the stone floor , staring , mouths agape .
tr	PAST	The dried leaves floated on the top of the liquid .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes the mutations fade .
tr	PRES	Suddenly not knowing what else to say , I blurted out , " Sleep with me tonight . "
tr	PAST	He scoffed as he blocked the attack , " You 've got to be kidding me . "
tr	PRES	She snaps the box open .
tr	PRES	" Hang tough and watch .
tr	PAST	The ache in his chest ambushed him from out of nowhere .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled her ear .
tr	PRES	" Strangers arrive in the small town at night .
tr	PAST	They sought the peace of the quiet streets , easily gaining entrance into Harry 's home .
tr	PAST	Some minutes or days later I awoke lying deep in soft mattresses and warm coverlets .
tr	PAST	The next evening Zoey sat alone at table in the Wander Inn staring at her dinner plate , her food untouched .
tr	PAST	Aly accused softly , hoarsely .
tr	PAST	I collected stones and rocks and used them to form a large X on the boulder near our simplistic camp .
tr	PRES	Izzy slipped into his lap , her legs on either side of him , her arms resting on his shoulders .
tr	PRES	He stands up in all his nakedness and marches toward the pile of clothes .
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PRES	" Chris , please hold on , " Matt begged .
tr	PRES	" Grinder is arrogant , " Miguel explains .
tr	PRES	Better gloss over this .
tr	PAST	Mr. Snowman flicked up his rolled catalog .
tr	PRES	A sense of loss tickles at the corner of my mind .
tr	PRES	" I , Brand ... " " I , Brand ... " " Pledge to be honorable and just . "
tr	PAST	Courtney Cole 118 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Thank you , " I uttered quickly , remembering my manners .
tr	PRES	He completely blocks out the booth .
tr	PRES	My silhouette fades into a thousand different terrifying faces ; each sharpens to crystal clarity before morphing into someone else .
tr	PRES	Frank stands and straightens his suit coat .
tr	PRES	The golf course begins to show its teeth .
tr	PAST	He then untied the rope from his waist and tied it off to a column before pulling himself back to the pool .
tr	PRES	She holds the rabbit in her lap , and watches as the sky lantern inflates .
tr	PRES	Both guys shirtless , wrestling on the floor , yelling obscenities .
tr	PAST	Bobby flicked the switch to the lights and the image on the monitor changed to a single bright green shaded figure on the edge of the screen .
tr	PRES	The same applies to visits to theatres and so on .
tr	PRES	Her nostrils flare , and her mouth pulls into a thin line .
tr	PRES	I crave vengeance against the one who stole my life away from me . "
tr	PRES	He 's surprised to see the men and starts to salute , then sees they 're civilian .
tr	PAST	A female cat named Felix ?
tr	PRES	I whimper and he kisses me .
tr	PRES	PREPARE YOURSELF NOW . "
tr	PRES	Laughs so hard he snorts .
tr	PAST	" As ridiculous as hitting the ten toughest targets in the shooting gallery over and over again ?
tr	PAST	It pierced her heart . "
tr	PAST	She tugged an old , ratty afghan from the box and draped it over the bed .
tr	PRES	He sent his own move crashing back before they could follow up , a blaring punch much like shards of glass jabbed into the skull .
tr	PRES	I had to bite my hand to cut off the screams I couldn 't allow , causing sultry , hungry moans of total abandon to emerge .
tr	PAST	Once I had my legs pitched over the edge of the bed , Roth froze .
tr	PRES	I caught my breath as he kissed my neck , teeth grazing my skin .
tr	PRES	And then she disappears back inside , no doubt off to swat some poor noisy child 's knuckles with a ruler .
tr	PRES	" Back off , Leonard .
tr	PAST	Fade reversed his grip , taking the dagger by its blade , and offered the hilt across his wrist to Tavi .
tr	PAST	One of the group froze , looking down at the sword , transfixed .
tr	PRES	Gage helps me upstairs and I briskly shut and lock my door in the event my mother 's sanity decides to restore itself .
tr	PRES	Moonlight falls through the stained glass windows ; shadows creep across the stairs .
tr	PRES	Says that 's about his limit on tolerating most of them . "
tr	PRES	" Here , " she said , " Eat this . "
tr	PAST	She froze , unprepared for the intensity of his gaze .
tr	PRES	This document lists out the fee structure and the transaction process that will be followed .
tr	PRES	" I am going to rip them to pieces , all of them , " Lance vows .
tr	PAST	It is a traditional Korean instrument , very ancient , " Doo Ri instructed me .
tr	PAST	Behind me , Mother drapes something across my neck .
tr	PRES	Her stem smashes into the side of one man 's face , his temple cracking under the blow .
tr	PAST	As was her wont when she was worried , Elena cleaned house .
tr	PRES	She sees me eyeing her and she grins .
tr	PAST	His smile faltered , but the hand wrapped around mine tightened reassuringly .
tr	PAST	It had inched open slightly .
tr	PRES	Addy braced her cup against her body with one arm as she inched closer to the door .
tr	PRES	He breathes out , hard .
tr	PRES	When I come around the topic quickly changes and I feel their eyes on me as they chuckle and mutter under their breath .
tr	PRES	It states a plaintiff must pass a drug test before the court can return custody . "
tr	PAST	Now her skin vibrated .
tr	PAST	Then I fumed some more .
tr	PRES	" That boy talks too much . "
tr	PAST	I inched forward toward the nightstand , where a picture stood .
tr	PAST	When he wasn 't aroused he acted quite normal .
tr	PRES	He releases me long enough to grab my head and slams it hard against the floor , white lights flashing across my vision , stunning me .
tr	PAST	However he often engaged in this pastime elsewhere .
tr	PAST	His pony slowed and he pulled the animal to one side , before turning to the others .
tr	PRES	" Oh no , just a pint of water for me . "
tr	PRES	They no longer exist for me , because now I have learned one thing .
tr	PAST	You don 't , " jabbed Tommy .
tr	PAST	Most of her annoyance washed away but not all .
tr	PAST	I brace myself for their wrath .
tr	PRES	After he finished the sentence , he softly corrected himself , " Cylons . "
tr	PRES	The " Bonefish " just hauled the two of them , and it was not kingfish they were after .
tr	PAST	When I heard it , I collapsed across his chest with relieved weeping .
tr	PRES	" Jill , " I warn .
tr	PRES	My mother forgave my father , and I could forgive Aiden .
tr	PAST	" Only if I was dared ... " I started making my own tacos .
tr	PAST	Two sets of friendly eyes twinkled back at me .
tr	PRES	I warn you , if she does not come back to her body voluntarily within four weeks , I will allow this body to die .
tr	PRES	The fear the people had felt every day , and she looked around at these pompous self righteous people that felt they could judge her .
tr	PAST	We created a new history .
tr	PRES	" No one helps me ! "
tr	PRES	" You don 't have to watch , you know , " he whispers into my ear .
tr	PRES	I belong to you and it has little to do with sex .
tr	PRES	" Okay , I ' l tel you about me , but then you tel me about you ?
tr	PRES	Or maybe just lust .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands high and run at me .
tr	PAST	An owl hooted in the distance .
tr	PRES	Her judgment carries much weight with the Son of Heaven . "
tr	PAST	As he held her waist and kissed her bottom the chains at his neck vibrated , telling him that she liked what he was doing .
tr	PAST	I eyed the gun in his hand but it was more loosely held than when we had first entered the building .
tr	PRES	And her voice cracks .
tr	PAST	Chapter Twenty-two The rear of the cemetery stood eerily quiet .
tr	PRES	But Dham trusts him .
tr	PRES	She belongs here . '
tr	PRES	The stallion stands , sniffing the cloth then smells the blue berries .
tr	PRES	Max points at himself and feigns surprise .
tr	PAST	Sadie smacked her lips and looked into the mirror .
tr	PRES	I really didn 't see this one coming , ' he mutters .
tr	PAST	Kylie lied through her teeth and almost felt bad doing it .
tr	PRES	" Ruby red , with G major , the magic of the raven , brings the Circle of Twelve home into safe haven .
tr	PRES	" My birthday . "
tr	PRES	" Our seats . "
tr	PAST	Teasing power churned up in Haw Shot 's gut .
tr	PRES	He shone it ahead .
tr	PAST	Jessie motioned to me .
tr	PAST	The webbing cinched against her , pulling her toward him .
tr	PRES	" Your bruise -- it 's not as bad as I thought it 'd be . "
tr	PAST	Her breath mingled with his .
tr	PAST	Jimmy even provided him with a bright yellow construction hardhat with BOSS emblazoned on the front .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us as I struggle to remember and he struggles to forget .
tr	PRES	Diana trusts Jaime implicitly and would go anywhere with her without a fight Jaime wears bangs .
tr	PRES	The front door slams open .
tr	PAST	My heart slowed down .
tr	PAST	Ignoring him , the assistant motioned to Valerie , who was sitting next to Straker .
tr	PRES	Or your depression . "
tr	PAST	Darkness awaited beyond her lamplight in both directions .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	I slowed my steps and let my eyes sweep over her skintight jeans and low-cut top .
tr	PAST	Carly shifted , her bare leg brushing his for a split second before she realized and jerked away .
tr	PRES	" The purple blood potion . "
tr	PRES	" We 're going home , my love , " Katherine whispered , a small smile on her face .
tr	PAST	The rural school where she 'd been hired largely served students who 'd grown up on farms .
tr	PRES	Red glances back up at Lisa and nods to her .
tr	PRES	" Well that helps .
tr	PAST	" I denied nothing . "
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me how to swim ? "
tr	PAST	Eva just motioned with her finger to follow him .
tr	PAST	Still bound , they set off , Ben in the lead with Carl and Matthew , followed by Arian and Safran as Mike supported Joe .
tr	PRES	The hair on my back stands up .
tr	PRES	he almost begged me . '
tr	PRES	" I 'll make you dinner tomorrow night , at my place " , I purr .
tr	PAST	They retreated to the little office in the back , not bothering to close the door .
tr	PRES	He deserves no mercy .
tr	PAST	Finally , the seizure subsided , but Angela never regained consciousness .
tr	PAST	They eyed each other for a little while , neither willing to back down .
tr	PAST	Saul urged his horse to trot up alongside Callen .
tr	PAST	she cocked her head , a sad whimsical smile on her face .
tr	PRES	" And the mystery remains .
tr	PAST	With the covers back and the T-shirt up , I untied the other knot .
tr	PRES	" A Scribe . "
tr	PAST	Rosa hugs me , whispering for our ears , only .
tr	PRES	I recall what Raffaele had told me earlier .
tr	PRES	You value other people enough to want them to look at you .
tr	PRES	Climbing back over , he collects more wood from the neatly stacked pile against their garage before repeating the trek .
tr	PRES	She sighs and nestles closer as I run my fingers through the strands .
tr	PAST	The sweet darkness washed over him , but even here it was faint , as though someone had been trying to scrub it away .
tr	PAST	The canine sniffed excitedly at my feet , its long , thin tail wagging at a furious pace .
tr	PAST	Ruby giggled and Douglas saw Julia 's lips twitch but she wouldn 't allow herself to break out in a full smile .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something unintelligible against me , and I kissed her harder .
tr	PRES	" She deserves to know . "
tr	PRES	' And wash your bloody hands this time ! '
tr	PAST	Closing his eyes , he nuzzled his face against her cheek , stroking her skin with his whiskers .
tr	PAST	The French dragon wavered a moment mid-air , and then a great gush of blood came pouring out of his nostrils , his eyes bloodshot and strange .
tr	PAST	I shrieked one last time as a door shut in my face .
tr	PAST	Christine exclaimed , momentarily forgetting that Raoul hadn 't actually proposed yet .
tr	PRES	It belongs to us . "
tr	PRES	Before them was laid a feast so magnificent that they could find no words .
tr	PAST	She sensed Jake 's approach .
tr	PRES	The newly emotional me was somewhat worried about this arrangement at first , the sound of Jane 's echoing footsteps rattling my concentration .
tr	PRES	The evening sun loves her throat and her cheekbones .
tr	PRES	Brenda shone the light once again back the way they 'd come .
tr	PAST	" There was nothing you or any of us could have done , " the old man countered , trying to console her .
tr	PAST	She stormed to the nearest couch and plopped down .
tr	PAST	The last remaining Butcher charged , slowing momentarily at the sight of one of his so many guns on him .
tr	PRES	Hah , turns out people with whole pillowcases were cornering the market , eh ? '
tr	PAST	Violet asked as her fingers , as light as the brush of a hummingbird 's wing , glided across my arm .
tr	PRES	She carries that bit of joy with her now .
tr	PRES	' ' You idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" And not just because of , um ... " I gestured to Archer , who raised an eyebrow at me but didn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	He stops , his laugh dying down .
tr	PAST	He collected the plastic off of the furniture , bound it up and threw it onto the tarp as well .
tr	PAST	Stubbs uttered a strangled noise , not quite a scream .
tr	PAST	Still on his knees , Gregor clutched his father 's hands , once so strong and capable .
tr	PAST	Herr 'D on described it to them in great and yawning detail .
tr	PRES	Everyone else fades away .
tr	PRES	Total and complete badass .
tr	PRES	Pippa holds up both hands .
tr	PRES	He reaches a hand out to me , but my feet can 't find purchase on the flooded ground , and I 'm falling too fast .
tr	PRES	For the next hour , we danced , thrashed , and jammed , all the while forgetting the difference between mortal and immortal .
tr	PRES	My teacher glares at me , but she knows I can do the work .
tr	PRES	Then a bright , blinding explosion rips apart the center of the airfield .
tr	PRES	A streak of red splits the palm of his hand .
tr	PAST	Together , they plunged through the fire and into the river .
tr	PRES	A crescendo of harsh , frenzied orchestration accompanied by a piercing high note as the dark boy enters .
tr	PAST	It sensed our movement and turned its large head , its orange eye rolling to look at us .
tr	PRES	He lets out a contented sigh and pulls me close .
tr	PAST	" I 'll come with you , " she announced .
tr	PRES	' And even though two of them are girls Richard says Johnny 's hard as nails and thinks with his fists . '
tr	PAST	And below , competing against the light 's brilliance , a crystal exposed to the stars .
tr	PAST	Innumerable creatures churned around the walls , with a cloud of bugs flying between them .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward her , his claw reflecting the light of the morning sun .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , forcing her to respond to him the way he knew she could , the way he knew she wanted to .
tr	PRES	" Well , hello there . "
tr	PAST	My eyes roamed around the room , nervous I 'd see Bennett 's boss , Oliver , here .
tr	PRES	The world changes every day .
tr	PRES	I nearly trip over my feet and half of my food contents plop to the floor .
tr	PRES	The emotions swim around me , hungering for me to do something with them .
tr	PRES	The lieutenant immediately begins barking out commands to the officers in the room .
tr	PAST	My men acted only in self-defense .
tr	PRES	He braced one hand against the stone wall , planted the other on his hip , and grinned devilishly at Verity .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PAST	I swear , her eyes brightened at the prospect of seeing me fail .
tr	PAST	" Nothing and no , I 'm not still having the dream , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Night falls and we keep on running .
tr	PAST	He certainly would not have panicked and buried him on the golf course he played at every week .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands behind her back so that Gray wouldn 't notice them shaking .
tr	PAST	Remembering their meeting in the park , he backtracked , using the dim light from the street lamps to guide him .
tr	PAST	A green light glowed on the box .
tr	PRES	He likes me . "
tr	PRES	" You ever threaten one of my sons again and I will see you dead , tiger . "
tr	PRES	We slice the bottom of foot and insert grasshopper . "
tr	PRES	Chapter 12 Nothing pops up on the internet that evening .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a low curse and shook his head , contrite , even though his eyes were still hot with anger .
tr	PRES	Major decisions which may result in major lifestyle changes .
tr	PRES	His lips tremble , but he never takes his eyes off his niece .
tr	PAST	She inched closer and snatched up the booklet .
tr	PAST	" I created these medallions , Samantha , to help someone like you find normalcy again . "
tr	PRES	I couldn 't take it , " I begged him .
tr	PAST	The sheds had to be repaired , the old equipment replaced .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps Tamara and I aren 't the ones to be talking to you about this , " Belinda joked with dark humor .
tr	PAST	And no one disobeyed Witch .
tr	PRES	" Not a big Kirsten fan ? "
tr	PRES	Kish brings them to us .
tr	PAST	She seized his brawny arm and forced him into a run .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , and swept Clary into an overwhelming embrace .
tr	PAST	He roamed the dais and found engravings on the back of the large throne .
tr	PRES	He literally lays down on my bed .
tr	PRES	Her brow pinches together .
tr	PAST	The anger churned in him , ready to boil over , ready to erupt .
tr	PAST	Before he could challenge this Marion Wentworth served him with notice of this secrecy being official , as from that moment .
tr	PAST	The scent triggered memories .
tr	PAST	That thought created such a longing inside her that she pushed the idea away .
tr	PAST	Around them , the aircraft vibrated as it climbed into the clouds .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you a feisty one ? "
tr	PRES	You , perhaps , regard his as your brother , without any wish that he might become your husband .
tr	PAST	So , all things considered , I opted to stay put .
tr	PAST	A deep warm whisper tickled my ear and I shivered .
tr	PAST	" My family stifled Faith . "
tr	PRES	She offers tangerines in red papers that tell them it is the new year .
tr	PAST	She giggled when she put one in the bread box .
tr	PRES	The girl 's mother lies dead at her daughter 's side , still holding her hand .
tr	PRES	Friends borrow , right ? "
tr	PRES	They warn an approaching enemy to back away and only strike if you get to close .
tr	PAST	For another long moment , his hand lingered inside over the light switch .
tr	PRES	Genie teased , " Get off my sight ! "
tr	PAST	Liza pretended to be unimpressed .
tr	PAST	That bloody well hurt , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Kat - " The door flies open and Jack stops mid-sentence .
tr	PRES	She hisses at me .
tr	PAST	White seats of molded fiberglass circled the area .
tr	PRES	He stops and turns around .
tr	PAST	He flicked the switch to turn the light on inside the room .
tr	PRES	Jeremy tries to take her out but she kicked and screamed the whole time .
tr	PRES	" Are you , Mama ? "
tr	PRES	Lifting my head , I wipe my forehead with my good hand and it comes back red .
tr	PAST	" ... can 't eat ... any more ... hello ... giant ... strawberry ... " Sasha giggled , then turned back to look at Ken .
tr	PRES	The road or path or whatever stops on our side at the bridge and becomes rock and dense forest beyond .
tr	PRES	" He 's never going to let you ride him now , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	" Not for sure , " Ashe hedged .
tr	PRES	" He likes to play the big producer . "
tr	PRES	" Dad ... hates you ?
tr	PAST	Rome circled around once and Rei saw the Algol for the first time .
tr	PAST	" I am not a very wise man , " Kirke stated unequivocally .
tr	PAST	She dialed his cell phone and didn 't even flinch when his mom answered .
tr	PAST	She flicked a bread crumb from the basket on the table at him .
tr	PRES	The speed of the Thames carries on increasing as it meanders towards the sea , as more inlets join it .
tr	PAST	" Agreed , " the Professor stated .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up . "
tr	PRES	Wham , bam , let 's fuck ? "
tr	PRES	After that general note of agreement , the real work and disagreement of the convention begins .
tr	PAST	He smoked another Consulate .
tr	PAST	They represented a faction in the Assembly at least as powerful as that of the nobility .
tr	PAST	He flicked through the channels until a comedy , The Hangover , was showing .
tr	PRES	A hovering ovoid ( * ) approaches .
tr	PRES	My entire working life stands as a mockery by applying such a gown .
tr	PRES	The hand on my hip slides up to my lower back , rubs soothingly .
tr	PAST	As soon as she did , Elena smacked hard behind the left ear .
tr	PRES	" He likes you ! "
tr	PAST	Diana 's hands flattened on the roof of the car .
tr	PRES	The man whipped his head around and blinked at the High Lady .
tr	PAST	I doubted he really had any idea who had done what up here , or even who these men were .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Sharon !
tr	PAST	Nala awoke when we started braising the stew meat .
tr	PRES	" I assume your legs function well enough .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me , Katelyn .
tr	PAST	His voice wavered as he spoke .
tr	PAST	He exhaled as if someone had punched him .
tr	PAST	Even with the guard outside , he seriously doubted Sara would leave Lucia by herself in the room .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , the gunfire ceased and men rushed for the door .
tr	PRES	Rex swing to us , saying softly .
tr	PRES	The Shadowhunter who wishes to marry a mundane applies for Ascension on behalf of his partner .
tr	PAST	" That was when I had him - dismissed .
tr	PAST	Buffalo accused as he saw the blood on Coyote 's clothes .
tr	PRES	Just hearing that word was enough to send ripples through the Force that Vader could easily feel .
tr	PRES	Stenger disappears behind a wall of flame as he lights the door .
tr	PRES	Maddy lies down next to me , trying to look at me .
tr	PAST	Josef thanked them and left .
tr	PAST	' So leave him then , ' he urged .
tr	PRES	Boone 's mouth opens but he doesn 't speak right away , like he 's trying to choose his words .
tr	PAST	" Oh ... " She cringed internally over something she hoped hadn 't been blamed on him .
tr	PAST	" After he lied to me ? "
tr	PRES	Your punishment remains . "
tr	PAST	Jan stared at Misty a moment longer then she inhaled .
tr	PAST	Again she projected an image of the warrior .
tr	PRES	Now he really likes girls , as you know so we got to fix him up with someone .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	I preferred the quiet .
tr	PAST	He freed the two-foot rubber cube from its webbing and kicked free .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	I watch her walk away , her back stiff , her hands fisted at her sides .
tr	PAST	The bus slowed , and Albert dropped the box into the backpack .
tr	PAST	" More water , " the guy on the right grunted .
tr	PAST	They stole a red Toyota truck from a Quentin J. Ferguson in Monrovia , which they drove here .
tr	PAST	The girls giggled again .
tr	PRES	I crouch down in front of her .
tr	PAST	Amber sensed Gavin 's irritated state as he glanced around the small room .
tr	PRES	The tunnel in the sky shone brightly now .
tr	PAST	She motioned to Tess to take a chair alongside .
tr	PRES	The room falls silent and I hate the sound even more than Oscar 's voice .
tr	PRES	She offers hers back , a different one , which the chip tells me is Dace .
tr	PAST	She leaped toward Jasper even as she screamed , " Shoot him , Cale ! "
tr	PRES	" God , " he wept , " why did you let me run ?
tr	PRES	" You need your rest , " he bears in on me .
tr	PRES	The door to the band room opens , and Mason slingshots himself out and flies across Skye 's and my lap , laying his head in mine .
tr	PRES	He lets go of Matt , yells at him not to leave .
tr	PAST	I scooted over and buckled the lap belt .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think I gave you permission to speak , sub .
tr	PRES	She still approaches everything with a question instead of an answer .
tr	PRES	' Then it falls to men like you to do what is right . '
tr	PAST	It still glowed in an orange red colour as before , and he could see it start to spread in thin lines down his arm .
tr	PRES	But as I said , my colleague deals with it . "
tr	PAST	" Right over this hill , " I exclaimed .
tr	PRES	We race into the water together , splashing the water at each other .
tr	PAST	Trying desperately to compose myself , I inhaled deeply .
tr	PRES	" I promise I 'll try , " Alexis whispers as she looks to Emma sadly .
tr	PRES	" In , " he mutters in response .
tr	PAST	She flung herself around him , clinging to life and vitality , grateful to be alive .
tr	PAST	For a time , they exhaled in relief .
tr	PAST	He stares at me silent as a stone .
tr	PAST	" I agree with Eva , " Kincaid chimed in .
tr	PRES	A mix of shocked dismay and protectiveness .
tr	PAST	Max promptly quit his high paying job in electrical engineering , saying he was moving to San Francisco and planning to be a commercial helicopter pilot .
tr	PRES	" Does it affect if we are going to rescue Giselle or not ?
tr	PRES	" A hot tub . "
tr	PRES	She likes to be held like this . "
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " she mumbled , taking another sip to calm her nerves .
tr	PRES	" Well , damn , " he sings .
tr	PRES	Then he stalked forward .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth to not move , to not scream .
tr	PAST	Her makeup looks painted on , most especially her hot pink lipstick .
tr	PAST	With that , she marches for the rear of the throne , for Annabella 's kingdom full of Essences .
tr	PRES	It explains that this affords the best chance of rescue .
tr	PAST	Emily 's gaze wavered .
tr	PAST	Susan crouched down as she made her way around the car , to the driver 's side .
tr	PRES	Some pie , why not .
tr	PAST	I mentally cringed at the absence of her touch , but threw on a tiny smile for her benefit .
tr	PRES	She brings it up to her nose and inhales the dark musky smell that lends to its mystery .
tr	PRES	She breathes deeply and then gives a wan smile , clutching her handbag tighter .
tr	PAST	her mind rummaged quietly .
tr	PRES	" Is she ok ? "
tr	PAST	Scarborough received no punishment that day , but the dream now haunted her in her deepest nightmares .
tr	PRES	Her black cotton panties .
tr	PAST	She wept as her feet felt the hot breath of the monster below her .
tr	PRES	He drew back and gazed down at her , his expression inscrutable .
tr	PRES	This rate , and he might not live to fight Stefano .
tr	PAST	Blue 's whole body vibrated as I put the leash on him .
tr	PAST	The monks withdrew to our sacred circle .
tr	PAST	Terra 's eyes strayed to Edgar 's again , and then she boarded the airship .
tr	PRES	Beast glances at me , helpless , and I see agony in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Spikes taunts just as I turn my back on them .
tr	PRES	Turns it to black .
tr	PAST	Every passenger onboard this tram would be aware of the story .
tr	PAST	But when Nick passed her a gun , she balked .
tr	PRES	He lays his head back onto the sofa and glances up at me .
tr	PRES	Her skin felt cool , her grip limp .
tr	PAST	She twirled her finger in the air .
tr	PRES	" Bree , " I said as fast as I could , stil gasping though the pain wasn 't there anymore .
tr	PAST	Three years ago I quit .
tr	PRES	Jesse slams a hand into the dashboard , and my heart sinks .
tr	PRES	" Sleep and dream of a long and healthy life . "
tr	PRES	He helps me get out of everything from the waist up and it all falls to the table in a heap .
tr	PRES	" And painful . "
tr	PAST	The third highway split the distance between them , pushing Drew one direction and the Red Stinger another .
tr	PRES	He reaches the door and pauses when he feels a familiar crackle of energy in his mind .
tr	PAST	He tugged at his tie , the lines on his face those of someone with the weight of the world on their shoulders .
tr	PAST	She feared him growing angry .
tr	PRES	" Still insisting on water , eh ?
tr	PAST	I hopped over the wall .
tr	PRES	Blake passes it to me and orders himself a short espresso .
tr	PRES	" The blindfold ! "
tr	PRES	" Goodbye , Hora , " he whispers and then he 's putting her into my arms .
tr	PRES	' Don 't mind me , lad .
tr	PRES	" Is Chester there ? "
tr	PAST	My words slurred slightly and I giggled .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I forgave you already .
tr	PAST	I crane my head toward the sky , shielding my eyes from the sun .
tr	PRES	Jenna 's perceptive stare pins me from across the room .
tr	PRES	" So that party I snuck into ... ? "
tr	PRES	With my right hand I whipped out a dagger from my belt and plunged it into the thick neck of my poor horse .
tr	PRES	I text Taylor goodnight , and thanked him for coming over and meeting my parents .
tr	PAST	Her threats still tickled him .
tr	PRES	His holds up a finger as if attempting to tell me off but his moves are sluggish .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , I just cowered and cried until he forgave me .
tr	PRES	She begins in Nathan 's bedroom by going through a tall chest of drawers .
tr	PRES	The head never lies .
tr	PRES	" No kids , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" His death affected me too , " murmurs Miguel .
tr	PRES	" The Reno monument ? "
tr	PRES	Every intense color of the rainbow shone brighter and clearer than Echo had ever seen .
tr	PAST	He tugged my hair and I looked back at him .
tr	PAST	Disappointment carved deep grooves in his round cheeks .
tr	PAST	We crawled along the floor , barely avoiding being seen a second time .
tr	PAST	Her fingers tickled over my sensitive stomach .
tr	PRES	Instead , he talks .
tr	PAST	His other hand freed his cell phone .
tr	PRES	She gazes out into the ocean where the small island is just visible in the dying light .
tr	PRES	" It freaked me out .
tr	PRES	Twenty-two hours and our war begins .
tr	PAST	Charlie exclaimed walking toward a toilet stall .
tr	PAST	His words buzzed like a fat bee in the warm galley air .
tr	PRES	" Does it matter if the Forest Gentry tell lies ? "
tr	PAST	" Who lent him to you ? "
tr	PRES	Sinister creaks from the wind .
tr	PRES	Skyla spears me with a look .
tr	PRES	" A charade ? "
tr	PAST	Adam slapped him on the back and then returned to his wife .
tr	PRES	My mum chuckles to herself as Charles opens the door and escorts her down the hall .
tr	PRES	" James Peter Matthews ? "
tr	PRES	" Good target practice . "
tr	PRES	What if they show up for the next batch of children your little community produces ?
tr	PAST	He thanked her and sat on the opposite settee .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Mitch . "
tr	PRES	" It kills me not to be with you , Katherine .
tr	PAST	Her mother 's voice pitched high in panic and the vile , sulphurous reek of smelling salts burnt her nostrils and pulled her back into reality .
tr	PRES	It helps me immensely to put faces to names when we have our sessions . "
tr	PRES	Those mysterious pools of green eyes belong to Toby .
tr	PRES	She brings it to my bed and sits down beside me , patting my leg .
tr	PAST	His hand still claimed the heated dampness of her arousal .
tr	PAST	Every muscle in his body tensed , his eyes almost glowing .
tr	PRES	Vin paused , looking away from him , nails biting into her own palms .
tr	PAST	Then I crumpled to the floor of the wagon , sobs wracking my whole body .
tr	PRES	My father lets you put me on the wasters .
tr	PRES	Thirteen total , with cars that are close . "
tr	PAST	Even though he limped noticeably .
tr	PAST	All Metaphysics and Theology arose in Classical Antiquity .
tr	PAST	" Well , a man named John came in and did something in the back and then suddenly I was back on Earth again .
tr	PRES	In fact , some people mistook Gill for you .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed my shaven mound .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mutters when I reach out to steady her after sending her stumbling back .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and ran into the water , my toes sticking a bit on the mud at the very edge .
tr	PAST	Ali tipped her chin down .
tr	PRES	Another vibration strikes , nearly shaking me loose from the pipe .
tr	PRES	' Silly bugger . '
tr	PRES	Dove 's ears swivel back toward me and then prick toward the road , quivering .
tr	PRES	" Black widows ! "
tr	PAST	" That 's right , " he urged hoarsely .
tr	PAST	Jordan froze , halfway standing .
tr	PAST	We split the two .
tr	PRES	Nelson throws a fastball down the middle and Palmeiro is going for it .
tr	PRES	" Wait , " I say , my mind spinning .
tr	PRES	" You see , Linda , nothing serious , " Mr. Smith states .
tr	PAST	Chapter 19 My heart rate sped up as the elevator made its way slowly up each floor .
tr	PRES	Aro hears every thought your mind has ever had . "
tr	PRES	Dad supplies the startup capital , I manage the business , and you 're in charge of Research and Development for the products . "
tr	PRES	Martin plays the fiddle . "
tr	PRES	You love me right now and that 's all that matters , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" All the personality of a mental facility .
tr	PAST	But Tara crawled into the bed with him and settled beside him .
tr	PRES	I scratch my head with the handle of the knife .
tr	PAST	He hooked a ride on an ammo lorry and looked none too pleased about it .
tr	PAST	Collapsing into my computer chair , I jiggled my computer to life and stared blankly at the screen , my mind in several places at once .
tr	PRES	" She deserves to hear both sides of the story , I think , at the very least , and choose where she wants to be . "
tr	PRES	" One , " I plead .
tr	PRES	The innkeeper , also beaming , brings us plates filled with food and some sort of distilled beverage .
tr	PAST	With the page pressed to the wall , Jake scribbled the pencil across its surface to make a rubbing of the letters .
tr	PRES	Finally , Max leaned forward , his forearms resting on his thighs .
tr	PRES	A fast-acting sedative . "
tr	PAST	His shoulder blades and ribs itched , and the jacket made scratching futile .
tr	PAST	" I 'm afraid there is only one bed in this house , " Lysander 's voice wavered .
tr	PAST	Dennis stiffened and said , " Who ? "
tr	PAST	I thanked her , took several bites of my ham and cheese sandwich and took the pills .
tr	PRES	She frowns at the view in front of us .
tr	PAST	' You dumped her ? '
tr	PAST	He caressed my nose .
tr	PAST	A single blue light on Laurel 's computer monitor glowed across the room .
tr	PRES	" Oh ... sure , ok . "
tr	PRES	Her voice fades a little but I can still hear her , even when I step under the stream of water .
tr	PAST	My own eyes roamed the crowd , searching in vain for any sign of the mutants .
tr	PAST	I smacked his chest but burst into giggles .
tr	PAST	I shuffled off to the bathroom , hoping maybe he was in there , but that room was also empty .
tr	PRES	Roxanne mutters almost to herself in the spot that the man of her dreams had just vacated .
tr	PRES	The little girl from the train approaches .
tr	PRES	I urge her to turn and look at me instead of staring at the television , but she fights it , shaking her head . '
tr	PAST	Luke said , grimly , " No .
tr	PAST	Nick 's scowl deepened .
tr	PAST	I beeped the horn as she was locking up , calling " Hurry up !
tr	PAST	The guns click click click Every moment is loaded .
tr	PAST	" Your grandfather is dining with friends , " Thomas announced .
tr	PRES	Lynn , who is sitting on the next bunk , snorts .
tr	PAST	He sensed he had an edge over Samuel .
tr	PAST	She extended her long , lean legs out on the couch toward him and tugged lightly on the material .
tr	PRES	They mumbled and stared as I forced them out of my way .
tr	PRES	The front door opens .
tr	PAST	The waiter scribbled that down and then he smiled at us .
tr	PAST	Dark forms leaped and fluttered in the shadows , flashing claws , teeth and wings .
tr	PRES	I playfully punch him in the arm .
tr	PAST	She inched her way into a better position , watching the trees .
tr	PRES	Even though you 'll be into it , it helps when there 's a little Ecstasy involved . "
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply , letting his scent wash over her .
tr	PAST	Mike downed the water , then selected a banana from the tray .
tr	PAST	In fact , I often treated them like they were my sons .
tr	PAST	" You know that 's not possible for me , " Benson countered .
tr	PRES	" That makes sense , " Jesse finally offers .
tr	PRES	" Come on , confess .
tr	PRES	" Maybe Norah - " " Norah , nothing .
tr	PRES	It slams shut and I smack into it , making a loud thud .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Zeke .
tr	PAST	After all , he created us .
tr	PAST	" Damned if you 're not doing an admirable job of it , " Marcus grunted .
tr	PAST	He presses his hand to his heart .
tr	PRES	The he climbs out of the hole while I lay inside waiting anxiously .
tr	PAST	He wagged a finger at her .
tr	PRES	" If anybody knew what we do about the colony , who wouldn 't have a special interest , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" What kind of measures ? "
tr	PAST	She inquired as she walked over to stand beside Cassie .
tr	PRES	I loathe men of your ilk .
tr	PRES	He throws it at me so hard that when I catch it , I stumble backward because of these stupid shoes .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed it and took a quick drink before leaning in to line up his shot .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me and shifts in her seat , then begins playing with her straw again .
tr	PRES	" The Fellowship of Saint Giles . "
tr	PAST	She pinched his hard cheek .
tr	PAST	We fidgeted behind him , until even Roach with his new attention span was sighing with boredom .
tr	PRES	The other lays on his horn .
tr	PAST	The halberd he strapped across his back , then strapped the mace across the halberd .
tr	PAST	" I said nothing to make you think I desired you , " he stated with the same coldness that always infused his words .
tr	PAST	When he shifted more of his weight onto me , I stiffened my legs in response and leaned more into him .
tr	PAST	I slowed my steps .
tr	PRES	Cole sighs and hands me back my phone .
tr	PRES	Turns me into nothing but a chaotic mess of cravings and desires .
tr	PAST	The sign identified the park as a place called Montauk .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate me . "
tr	PRES	" Keep it up , and you can make it ninja assassin .
tr	PRES	I scramble towards him , duck down and crawl under his bed .
tr	PAST	She trudged to the hall elevator , shoving Laurent 's message into her purse .
tr	PRES	He reaches toward me and I flinch , my teeth chattering .
tr	PAST	Abigail stiffened in her chair .
tr	PAST	His arms unwound from her .
tr	PAST	I groped for my cell phone and tried to dial Ms. Terwilliger , but there was no reception out here .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " he murmured , the words hoarse , speaking of everything I wanted for our lives .
tr	PAST	" So you feared I 'd make an emotional decision and not a tactical one . "
tr	PRES	As in , revisiting something helps you get over it . "
tr	PRES	The ' friends ' file .
tr	PRES	Or to Nantes for safekeeping until he returns ? "
tr	PRES	" Not unlike Earth .
tr	PAST	He clutched the folder to his chest .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the ground , gripping his hand as he tried to stop the bleeding .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and pulled with all her strength .
tr	PAST	She also clutched her teddy bear .
tr	PRES	That always causes uneasy emotions .
tr	PRES	We arrive at my door , and I turn to face him .
tr	PAST	The last word almost exploded from her lips from the exasperation that unexpectedly rose up like gall in her throat .
tr	PAST	He motioned to her weapon .
tr	PRES	" You changed your hair , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	He stomped in and rolled Samuel over .
tr	PAST	Cracks unfolded on his skin , extending and transmuting the color of his skin to a chilling pitch-black .
tr	PRES	He glances from Beast to me , then back to Beast again , unsure as to what is going on .
tr	PRES	Or sell our info to somebody else . "
tr	PRES	" I love you Nana , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PAST	" And I know that you should always pack for every possible situation , " Daphne sniffed .
tr	PAST	" Because you 're just that self absorbed . "
tr	PRES	Stephen buys books , follows the weeks and ticks them off carefully .
tr	PRES	Alex senses my discomfort .
tr	PAST	A meadow fairy in miniature size zipped toward Dorian , transformed to human size , and spoke with quick breaths .
tr	PAST	Axel 's brow crumpled in worry .
tr	PAST	" Yes , exactly , " stated Nathan .
tr	PRES	" My daughter , " he breathes with a smile .
tr	PRES	A smile touches my lips , and daringly , I reach forward and lace my fingers through his .
tr	PAST	I tugged a frustrated hand through my hair .
tr	PRES	" Apparently , this guy throws parties every few months .
tr	PRES	" Wha - " " I disabled your cameras .
tr	PAST	Levi exhaled and spoke deeply to his stallion .
tr	PAST	She collected her silk dress from the closet .
tr	PRES	The pencil briefly stops moving across the paper .
tr	PRES	Would you retrieve the photo album on my desk ? "
tr	PRES	" Says here the Ebola outbreak started at the mall in town , outside the movie theater .
tr	PRES	To my mind , modern life just offers too many numbers that we 're supposed to keep track of .
tr	PAST	They inched their way out of the room and on their way out warned others not to go in .
tr	PAST	Pausing , she tipped her head up to peer at him , feeling foolish and useless when she realized that he was , indeed , laughing .
tr	PAST	" And replaced them ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked back to mine and stayed there and then the words were hurriedly pouring from his mouth .
tr	PRES	" No survivors ? "
tr	PRES	Confetti falls like snow as the newlyweds descend the church steps .
tr	PAST	She suckled his skin , pulling it lightly into her mouth and biting gently .
tr	PAST	" Translating this , " he flattened it so his new acquaintance could see the marks .
tr	PRES	Mr. Hutchinson , our choir director , clears his throat to hush the conversations .
tr	PRES	Max 's expression changes again , just slightly .
tr	PAST	' Look , I phoned Linda because I felt like it .
tr	PAST	I never stole expensive cars with better stereo systems ; it wasn 't worth it .
tr	PAST	" A damned Welsh shepherd , for God 's sake !
tr	PAST	" Neg " reported Weapons , " they are only primitive creatures and pose no danger to this unit " .
tr	PRES	" Six kilometers . "
tr	PRES	A regular James Bond . "
tr	PRES	" Eve likes things big -- I mean everything .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me then that I could be dreaming .
tr	PAST	Although he didn 't actually speak , his eyes revealed plenty .
tr	PAST	The lights twinkled on the sparkles in her hair .
tr	PAST	Instead , he eyed her and moved her out of the way of a huge guy barreling toward them .
tr	PAST	Clay battled the dragon .
tr	PRES	In other words , dramatic license strikes again !
tr	PRES	We simultaneously rip the tissue out of the sacks and pull out envelopes .
tr	PRES	" I 'M why we 're in this mess !
tr	PRES	" You better be careful , " she hisses .
tr	PRES	Hurt shone on her face , and a bit of that old dark temperament leaked through .
tr	PAST	While I was on the other side , I experienced nearly a hundred years of life .
tr	PAST	Yawning , Cade ambled into the living room , stopping in front of the sofa to stretch .
tr	PAST	" You are thinking about your papa " stated Beppe .
tr	PRES	Silently the troops snuck in making camp at the edge of the field as the moon shone brightly above them .
tr	PRES	The Syndicate likes good sheep who follow orders .
tr	PRES	He deserves to finally be happy , and it 's obvious that can 't happen with me .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , she froze .
tr	PRES	About twenty up , he stops .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side , her eyes locked on to mine .
tr	PRES	The low ceiling drips murky water on our heads and the cold tile floor is cracked and stained .
tr	PAST	I inquired of the inhabitants concerning the fiend and gained accurate information .
tr	PAST	James grunted under his breath at my choice of the word ' little . '
tr	PAST	Sudden calm washed her and she heard Ship 's voice .
tr	PAST	They are two of a kind , " William exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" I haven 't lied to you . "
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over her breasts and stomach before finally landing on her sex , which was still glistening with the orgasm he 'd given her .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through the child 's eyes and he grinned broadly . " '
tr	PAST	A small smile tugged on her lips .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands and hesitated .
tr	PAST	She sought out the source of the putrid smell and settled on the teenagers by the rear cooler .
tr	PAST	And then she actually pretended to be sorry when I walked in .
tr	PRES	The look of concern that had been building on Uriah 's face disappears .
tr	PRES	" Your sister trusts us .
tr	PRES	Then I crash into the door .
tr	PRES	And he loves her . "
tr	PAST	His brown eyes freaking twinkled , melting her like a chocolate bar in the heat .
tr	PRES	" Twenty seconds , 75 degree climb , speed 495 knots , altitude 43,000 feet .
tr	PAST	Immortal warriors in the service of Artemis , they protected mankind from the things that would prey on them .
tr	PRES	" Don 't we all deserve a little truth after all the lies you 've told ? "
tr	PAST	I yawned , my hand covering my mouth .
tr	PAST	With some effort , he replaced it in the saucer without spilling a drop when his hands were trembling .
tr	PAST	It shattered into a myriad of sharp , shining pieces on the floor , and she shrieked in surprise and stumbled back from the hazardous area .
tr	PAST	Looping an arm around her neck , he steered them back toward the building .
tr	PRES	Hopping down the massive individual steps , Rift reaches the base of the floating island , suspended by some unknown force .
tr	PAST	Its gentle heart had been overshadowed by the hunger that hunted them , its steady beat muffled by the strident siren behind them .
tr	PRES	" It bothers me when it 's done for the reason it was offered . "
tr	PAST	" We need to talk , " a voice announced curtly .
tr	PAST	Cocking one eyebrow , Hugh caressed his way through the notes .
tr	PAST	Avalon only grunted his reply .
tr	PAST	The purple cloud represented all the things I hated about myself now , and so I backed away slowly , holding my breath .
tr	PRES	IX Henry breathes in deeply , then out .
tr	PAST	" Go ahead , " Jimmy dared .
tr	PAST	Nike tugged at her collar and screeched .
tr	PRES	He wines and dines his women , teases them with witty banter and then leaves them ... just like he left me . "
tr	PRES	" And what about all those little spiders ? "
tr	PAST	Something black and spindly , like a giant spider with huge ears , crouched on the windowsill outside , watching me .
tr	PRES	" Redwood Cathedral ? "
tr	PRES	Jared 's eyebrows rumpled as he twisted around .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the overhead lights and proceeded to examine her patient .
tr	PRES	Thanks for letting me borrow them . "
tr	PAST	A fat , fluffy Pomeranian with golden fur sniffed my left boot like it was the most interesting thing in the world .
tr	PAST	I eyed the guards stationed very close to the " guest suites , " and resentment simmered .
tr	PAST	" I blamed myself for centuries .
tr	PAST	He spoke against his own fingers , voice muffled .
tr	PAST	My mind and body froze .
tr	PRES	" Don 't kid yourself , Corinne .
tr	PAST	I lied to her face this morning , and it has haunted me all day .
tr	PRES	My parents wil kil me if I lose another phone this year . "
tr	PAST	" Alright , " Judge Grover announced .
tr	PAST	He extended the flag to them .
tr	PAST	The scent mingled with decomposition of rotting flesh .
tr	PAST	" And he sensed that this would damage your relationship further , thus making you more difficult to control .
tr	PRES	Says the woman 's voice again after a few moments .
tr	PRES	" Yeah ... " I lean back against the counter , my gaze drifting to Gemma eating at the table .
tr	PAST	He had to be close , I reassured myself .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat as she read the last one .
tr	PRES	he asked softly , his voice husky as he watched her body respond to the idea of sex with him .
tr	PAST	" Computer Comm received responses from 92 % of the systems on line , from 126 regions around the planet .
tr	PRES	I assume you have the protection operating by now . "
tr	PAST	We never washed the dishes , so we could ' ave a bit of mold every now and then . "
tr	PRES	" My duty is to her , " Isaac snaps , pushing the words fiercely through his teeth .
tr	PRES	She loves him deeply , but loves this man , too .
tr	PRES	She frowns at me .
tr	PRES	Faye lets go of my hair , sliding her hand down to my shoulder .
tr	PAST	The bodyguard 's frown deepened .
tr	PAST	Her darkness vanished as the glimmer and glamour of Michelle claimed her mind and I freed her soul from whatever grief had beset her .
tr	PRES	She always loses track of time when she 's writing . "
tr	PRES	I exhale then frown with disappointment .
tr	PAST	She eyed Ellery up and down , and her eyes instantly looked at our interlaced fingers .
tr	PAST	Aunt Lulu pinched my cheek .
tr	PRES	Says Greg comfortingly and calmly , pointing to me although the girl can 't see us .
tr	PAST	She tugged at his hand , which he moved so she could whisper .
tr	PAST	" The Darkest Pleasure " " Yes , " she lied .
tr	PAST	Orson emerged from the shed , bearing the woman wrapped in plastic .
tr	PAST	My Ri § ine received a stern warning for his transgressions last night .
tr	PAST	Kelly giggled and nodded .
tr	PAST	Got a Luger at home , but it 's too bulky for this sort of job . '
tr	PRES	" Um ... J ... J ... Jon . "
tr	PRES	He was such an adorable child , six teeth gleaming as he smiled .
tr	PRES	She loses interest easily and I 'm sure there 's something new to occupy her attention . "
tr	PRES	' Journal or poetry ? '
tr	PRES	Only four blocks to go now .
tr	PAST	" Come closer , " a gravelly voice instructed .
tr	PRES	Still processing it all , Maddy said slowly , " Aunt Patrice hates Uncle Victor .
tr	PAST	His pupils suddenly engulfed the silver of his eyes .
tr	PAST	I doubted she saw race and color like an older child would .
tr	PAST	He flicked the reins and the horses pulled them off down the long drive .
tr	PRES	" He loves you , Maddie .
tr	PRES	" All targets destroyed , nothing remains on any sensors , Captain , Commander .
tr	PAST	Felix eyed me pointedly .
tr	PAST	She eyed the Zodiac , assessing another approach to freeing it from the mud .
tr	PAST	" All right , moving on , " Regan announced in a way that said she had lots of experience stepping between her battling sons .
tr	PAST	Briar clasped his hands together and gaped intently as Billy lifted the lid on the box .
tr	PRES	" But , Marian ?
tr	PAST	" Oh look , there are Lazy Susan 's in all the corner cabinets , " she suddenly exclaimed .
tr	PRES	They hiss " freak " so softly that Elder doesn 't notice .
tr	PAST	No sign of laughter lingered in the steely gaze that roamed her giving no quarter .
tr	PAST	Morgoth slew him , ere he fled from Aman . '
tr	PAST	London 's lights glowed like jewels around her .
tr	PAST	He then extended the handful of pieces toward the finch .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , bud .
tr	PAST	She immediately sobered , because really , what right did she have to be smiling when her brother and sister were hurt and ill ?
tr	PAST	Together , the two of them endured a long wet night , punctuated once with what could only have been the sound of a gunshot .
tr	PRES	" Any word on your mum yet ? "
tr	PRES	The ring falls from my hand to the earth .
tr	PAST	Mandy 's heart skipped a beat when she saw him standing there .
tr	PRES	" You reek . "
tr	PRES	They didn 't rate the walled garden , saying it was very amateur ; the guests would be used to much bigger and more manicured landscaping .
tr	PRES	And , since when is Gage really strong ?
tr	PAST	He eyed Stuart from where he was standing .
tr	PAST	I writhed underneath him , panting .
tr	PAST	But he dared not simply stare , as fascinating as it might be .
tr	PRES	But eventually they slowed and deepened , the panic fading from his expression .
tr	PAST	He dictated what and how much we studied , who we were allowed to date , even the foods we were allowed to eat .
tr	PRES	" Oh Cara , how are you , sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the relationship your father had with Hannah Sheraton ? "
tr	PRES	Bobby glances worriedly at me .
tr	PRES	Placing the blade of the knife beneath the map , the lines of the algorithm swirl around as the knife begins to glow .
tr	PAST	" Your Justice , " Pope saluted as he took the stand .
tr	PAST	He preferred to remember it like the dream , even if it was an illusion .
tr	PAST	Helen leaped over the boxes and grasped the handle on the door .
tr	PRES	" Five strikes Kennan .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the putrid scent deeply , learning all he could , reading it with the consummate skill of a Demon Lord .
tr	PAST	My loins convulsed over and over , sending shards of bliss throughout my body until every part of me tingled and vibrated .
tr	PAST	His hands snaked between us and he used a single finger to stroke upward on the seam of my jeans that pressed against my crotch .
tr	PAST	" I am throwing them out , " Cassie lied .
tr	PRES	" Her husband , Nick -- or was it Rick ?
tr	PRES	Again with the air quotes .
tr	PRES	The door bangs open and Nathan 's huge frame edges through .
tr	PRES	He rises without a word .
tr	PAST	Nine men that had trusted their lives to him .
tr	PAST	Murray snorted , turned the next bend and headed towards an opened door with the words Private Park painted in yellow letters across the top .
tr	PRES	They blurt out congratulations and praise as soon as they reach me .
tr	PRES	The blacker the better . "
tr	PAST	She vanished the mug , then stuffed her hands in the pockets of her coat .
tr	PAST	You invented his role in a gang of thieves and murderers .
tr	PRES	The Bureau of Prisons tries to place its inmates within five hundred miles of home .
tr	PRES	" The King wishes to destroy Zeus , because of the death of his family .
tr	PRES	And sometimes that pain causes us to say or do stupid things to the wrong people .
tr	PRES	Looking up the name of an actor from a show you just watched , BOOM iPhone .
tr	PRES	In turn , the dollar amounts and dates matched wire transfers into Ray 's personal bank account .
tr	PAST	A hose connected the leg to a vacuum of some kind that sucked fluids from the wound , collected them in a plastic bag .
tr	PRES	Pink roses twine around a whitewashed lattice out front , and ivy climbs the garden walls in back .
tr	PRES	I snuck out into the hall and hid in the shadows next to their lounge .
tr	PAST	" And my guest , Indy ... Well I guess I never did get your last name did I , " she giggled slightly embarrassed .
tr	PAST	John dove out from under its foot as it tried to stomp him , and then rolled away from its empty hand next .
tr	PRES	" Life cultures ? "
tr	PAST	The music business required money and everybody wanted a share .
tr	PAST	Julian cocked his head almost imperceptibly , and Nick 's eyes strayed toward the perimeter .
tr	PAST	I propped my booted foot on the ground to hold my bike up while I just stared .
tr	PAST	The ride symbol glowed a searing white , matching the glowing brand on the backs of our hands .
tr	PAST	He floated like a little balloon way up there , bumping against the stone ceiling .
tr	PAST	Patch tugged on the iron ring pull , and the door swung toward us .
tr	PRES	" Certainly got a good bite , " Liam teased while taking a mouthful of egg .
tr	PAST	Jayne pinched the silver tongs to shuffle a petit four and fruit onto a dessert plate .
tr	PRES	Then one day she disappears and doesn 't take a thing .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " Emma whispers as she turns towards the door .
tr	PRES	A knowing grin rises on Lila 's face when she sees us .
tr	PRES	He slows and slides all the way out , hovering there .
tr	PAST	The queue inched forward as young children ran around between the legs of grumpy grownups , yelling and screaming .
tr	PRES	" Zia , " he announces and his voice is distant .
tr	PAST	She sniffed haughtily , stumbling a bit where she stood .
tr	PAST	Her tongue flicked out to wet her bottom lip , and his eyes followed the movement .
tr	PRES	Eventually it begins to destroy tissue in other parts of the body including muscle and other major organs ; basically , creating a walking vegetable .
tr	PRES	Maybe humiliate them in the worst possible way . "
tr	PRES	" How about some popcorn ? "
tr	PAST	" Although it doesn 't explain how she got dumped in the tomb so fast . "
tr	PRES	He presents an apologetic expression .
tr	PRES	Look , just add my lack of Nectar to my list of charges .
tr	PRES	The music begins again , and Eve drops her tunic .
tr	PAST	Dingo hopped up into the back , turned and regarded me and barked once .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , " Carl reassured him .
tr	PRES	She glances at her watch .
tr	PRES	" Nothing to work out , darlin ' .
tr	PAST	Naomi Zeigler shrieked as Mason Byers tickled her .
tr	PAST	On the contrary , she acted as if she had almost expected me .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the floor and leaned against the wall .
tr	PRES	And the scars . '
tr	PAST	Another man waddled alongside him .
tr	PAST	Her English clear and nearly without an accent .
tr	PRES	" They 're resisting me , " he explains .
tr	PRES	In return for our service , they provide financial support to us . "
tr	PRES	A man learns fast cars and fast women don 't mix , even when they 're dead .
tr	PAST	Amanda skipped to the center where a small dance floor awaited .
tr	PRES	I wipe my wet boots on the rug in front of the door and then stand in the center of the narrow room between their beds .
tr	PRES	Tents and cooking pots .
tr	PAST	At the edge of the parking lot , I slowed until I was walking .
tr	PRES	His phone rings inside his pocket and he reaches his hand in to silence it without even looking at it .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on his elbows and looked at me like I 'd gone loco .
tr	PRES	What if he tries to kill you for seeing him ? "
tr	PAST	His head cocked as he studied her , and that silence kept right on stretching .
tr	PRES	Sam mumbled something and cleared his throat .
tr	PRES	Now I haven 't got her this causes the yearning and saddest thing to me .
tr	PAST	Emery chugged down her lemonade , set the glass on the table , pulled out her phone , and started texting on it .
tr	PRES	" Like this , lass .
tr	PRES	Halfway through considering why the word ' undue ' came to mind , a fuzzy gestalt of life shimmers into my peripheral vision .
tr	PRES	" Betsy ... " " Your wife Margo not joining you Chancellor ? "
tr	PAST	Jim slapped the back of her chair , before he stormed out the door , nearly as fast as he 'd entered .
tr	PAST	It served the Red 's purpose better if they spread the story that the human wizard had attacked him rather than the guard .
tr	PAST	I faked a laugh before almost falling flat on my back whilst attempting to tie the ribbons back around my leg . '
tr	PAST	" Don 't know , " I lied .
tr	PAST	The girl froze , held a finger to her lips and breathed , " Shhh . "
tr	PRES	He loves them and he can 't get enough of them since they came off ration .
tr	PRES	He sure as hell loves driving them , and fast .
tr	PRES	An entire room lies beneath us , fifteen or twenty feet deep .
tr	PAST	" Ham must have fetched them . "
tr	PRES	Be in tune with each other . "
tr	PAST	She visited an old friend in the Scottish Highlands ; far enough away that even flying wouldn 't get her back in time to commit the crime .
tr	PRES	She fits all the requirements . "
tr	PAST	And since Sloane had already reached out to him , maybe he trusted her now .
tr	PRES	Continuing to walk through town , she falls deep into thought .
tr	PRES	Really good , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	A forked tongue , almost as long as me , flicked out to taste the air .
tr	PAST	While she waited for it to brew , she cleaned the kitchen , wiped the counters and placed their few dishes in the dishwasher .
tr	PAST	The words bubble inside of me before they are on my tongue , but I hold back .
tr	PRES	She takes a deep breath , then opens her mouth to speak : " Okay , Roman .
tr	PAST	Withdrawing his service weapon , Brian steered her with a firm grip on her elbow .
tr	PAST	I said finally , the words sounding stilted as they came out of my mouth .
tr	PRES	I lean in and let my lips brush over Trent 's neck .
tr	PRES	Standing in a stunned stupor from the torrent of information , Link fails to hear the voices calling his name .
tr	PRES	Ed trotted along between them , his huge mouth gaping open , his tongue lolling to one side , panting with the heat .
tr	PRES	" The way he acts with Emma just touches my heart . "
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned her coat and reached for the camera she had hidden in an interior pocket .
tr	PAST	The stench of burning buildings mingled with the unmistakable scent of seared flesh motivated him well enough .
tr	PRES	They march around both corners of the loading zone and form a line in front of us .
tr	PAST	She thanked her waiter as the man handed her a beer and watched as Vince got up and left .
tr	PRES	" Love you , sis . "
tr	PAST	A quake destroyed Masada .
tr	PAST	Not to betray those who trusted me . "
tr	PRES	" We adapt quickly .
tr	PAST	" What if we destroyed all the equipment ? "
tr	PAST	Well , I lied about that one .
tr	PAST	He pretended to clear his throat .
tr	PAST	They exited the tent the same route they did the previous day .
tr	PAST	They limped toward it , pushing people out of their way .
tr	PRES	" Probably , " she mutters .
tr	PAST	An icy warning chilled her gaze .
tr	PRES	And with it , the urge to hunt , to feed , to kill .
tr	PRES	" Your brother loves you .
tr	PAST	Rebecca Edwards , as CIO , organizationally reported to Farley .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't those illegal ? "
tr	PRES	Passion originated in what he called the fiery heart .
tr	PAST	Victoria stares at her with a worried look .
tr	PAST	When she got ready to open her mouth , he whisked her out the door .
tr	PAST	He treated the computer like another person .
tr	PRES	" TMI , Dad , " I sing .
tr	PAST	I whirl away , never taking my eyes off him , but he manages to sink a fist into my side .
tr	PRES	The gender with the higher points target ( i.e. easier course ) may have the difference deducted from their score .
tr	PAST	Maya froze as a tingle of fear ran up her spine .
tr	PAST	A short chirp of a siren wail announced the arrival of Earl , one of the other deputies .
tr	PRES	He holds it up to the light , as another scientist walks over and asks , " What is it ? "
tr	PRES	It creeps up my legs and takes residence in the pit of my stomach .
tr	PRES	He misses a beat and I feel him shift his hips .
tr	PAST	The unspoken question lingered in the air .
tr	PRES	" Your honor , this affects the validity of the second charge .
tr	PAST	She squinted her eyes and saw the land roll gently downwards in a hill some yards away , and a sudden , fierce hope lit her soul .
tr	PAST	" Honour dictated . "
tr	PAST	I stripped off the sopping clothes and stood under the blast of hot water in the shower until it turned cold .
tr	PRES	One of my hands releases his shirt and slips to the back of his neck .
tr	PAST	" And all because I thought she should be resting instead of pushing herself until she collapsed . "
tr	PAST	I smacked his arm , but Ash only shook his head .
tr	PAST	I tensed against him , squeezing my thighs shut , my inner walls clamping down tight on his cock .
tr	PAST	Pox hugs her , smiling .
tr	PRES	" A person who did not hesitate to sacrifice his life for Civil Rights , and who is continuing his battle in Net .
tr	PAST	Jason steadied himself as the whole vessel now rose and fell with a splash .
tr	PRES	He tries for a light tone , but fails .
tr	PRES	She points at a pistil which extends from a flower .
tr	PAST	Maddie chanced a look at her friend and burst out laughing .
tr	PRES	Mel holds up her hands , explaining , " I didn 't say anything .
tr	PAST	Instead , he swiped at him .
tr	PRES	My heart begins to beat , cutting through the heaviness that weighs on my chest .
tr	PRES	Someone sneaks into one of our palaces now , with the war approaching ? "
tr	PAST	I sped up , walking ahead of the Colonel , silent .
tr	PAST	He was acting strangely , his ears perked , body rigid , hackles raised .
tr	PAST	Joey reclined the seat a little and looked up at the darkening sky .
tr	PAST	My words spurred him on as if he didn 't care I knew his secrets .
tr	PAST	Angel cocked a brow in confusion .
tr	PRES	" I think we shall give him to the leech , it likes company . "
tr	PRES	Which explains why good old Marc Dumont was the future husband who wanted Molly around .
tr	PAST	Much more advanced than methadone , which , though it helps many addicts , is addictive itself and is widely abused .
tr	PAST	an excited male voice exclaimed from the other end of the line .
tr	PAST	They throb in time with my heartbeat , flaring and then fading , flaring and fading .
tr	PAST	A sea of tuts and shaking heads accompanied his efforts to turn the trolley over and replace the goods that littered the floor .
tr	PAST	Sir James made enemies in Scotland , they cost him such lands as his family still had .
tr	PAST	Adam motioned to the chair across the desk .
tr	PAST	Before Alisha could scold her , the bar worker reappeared .
tr	PRES	" No cheerleaders ? "
tr	PRES	She stands there staring at the closed door .
tr	PRES	" Says the girl already in her pajamas .
tr	PRES	" Sam talks about you all the time . "
tr	PAST	He touches the front of it then winces as if the fabric - or the memory - has scalded him .
tr	PRES	Table of Contents Lamia Dance Never Noticed , Never There Shadows In The Sunrise When The Echo Hates The Voice Who Would Remain ?
tr	PRES	" It 's different , " Tim mutters .
tr	PRES	" Since I reached manhood . "
tr	PAST	Melina shrieked , crazed with rage .
tr	PAST	I motioned toward where the trees were thickest , and we maneuvered our way over , managing to find a dry place despite everything .
tr	PRES	Castile opens one of the refrigerator doors .
tr	PRES	Danny stands in the center of the light , so the sun can stare down at him .
tr	PAST	So many questions swirled around in my head that I felt like it was going to explode .
tr	PAST	Every office at every outpost of Kimball Technologies claimed someone who had the authority to okay the transfer or spending of funds .
tr	PAST	I inquired of my brother .
tr	PAST	The pilot taxied on the runway , and after a short pause , the plane surged forward .
tr	PRES	Lucinda stands in the doorway , watching us intently .
tr	PAST	Moments after they disappeared , I retracted my wings .
tr	PRES	He releases an oddly grotesque giggle .
tr	PAST	He stares at her almost hypnotized , watching her walk across the lab towards him .
tr	PAST	At the sound of his voice , my heart skipped a beat underneath the flowy material of my dress and I smiled .
tr	PRES	Different countries , continents , causes all flashed before me as I snatched souls from bodies .
tr	PAST	You 're on the crest of a wave and you must ride it through , ' he advised .
tr	PRES	" Well , watch your back , pup .
tr	PAST	These posts generated a new rush of threads and Renton suggested to Eva Roberts that they should filter some of these into groups .
tr	PRES	Mommy holds my hand and I 'm happy , happy and safe .
tr	PRES	As I stare at him , his face changes .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the bipod legs of his M249 Squad Automatic Weapon and settled himself into position .
tr	PRES	I shout at him .
tr	PRES	Sleep , my love , and do worry about me .
tr	PAST	Julian was silent for a moment before he turned away , his hands fisted at his sides in frustration .
tr	PRES	" Relax ... " Really ?
tr	PAST	I massaged my ankle , only causing it to hurt more .
tr	PAST	I have roamed around quite a bit in these forests but have never seen any temple here .
tr	PAST	Summoning up all the courage that I didn 't even possess , I inched my body around until I was once again facing the empty bathroom .
tr	PAST	The men tensed while Helen kissed her cheek .
tr	PRES	I teach Physical Education . "
tr	PAST	She crawled there and grabbed the gun slowly .
tr	PRES	" As I told you , Dr. Wesley lets no one read it . "
tr	PRES	If only her head would stop spinning .
tr	PAST	Reluctantly , she attempted to sing .
tr	PAST	They quieted , turned and stared at him .
tr	PRES	The pain over my heart returns , and from it I imagine tiny fissures spreading out into my body .
tr	PAST	He caressed the figure of a shape-shifter , first in human , then half and half , and then fully in cat form .
tr	PRES	" And ruined your fun ? "
tr	PAST	Jane attempted to hurry toward the guy .
tr	PRES	And so he watched her every movement , especially the slight lean forward as she tried to communicate with the remainder of her group .
tr	PAST	William 's eyes glowed .
tr	PAST	" Show me , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	This eliminated any possibility that it was an animal and meant it was either human or vampire .
tr	PRES	The words shone in the morning light .
tr	PAST	Unexpected dizziness assaulted her .
tr	PRES	Red cedar from the roof of their orphanage .
tr	PAST	The mother then extended a hand and stepped forward .
tr	PRES	' Next time eh ? '
tr	PRES	" Did the house sell ? "
tr	PRES	A name deserves a lot of thought .
tr	PAST	From the little I 'd seen , he ruled his realm with little warmth and lots of pain .
tr	PRES	I jingle one of the chains .
tr	PAST	Charlie eyed the money approvingly .
tr	PAST	On the silent count of three , they leaped out of the planter in unison .
tr	PAST	The creature convulsed , tearing the blade from her hand as it dashed drunkenly across the room .
tr	PAST	The dates and times matched up .
tr	PAST	' Thought so , ' he grunted .
tr	PAST	Leaving you people all alone in here to organize a pathetic escape attempt behind my back ?
tr	PRES	He nearly loses Danny in the airport rush .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " she whispers against my mouth .
tr	PAST	What I found served to set my temper aflame once more .
tr	PAST	Bernard grunted and picked up the stretcher again .
tr	PAST	Yellow light washed over my bare legs and the floor .
tr	PAST	" And then you volunteered what Owen had told you . "
tr	PRES	We file out of the van and I wave her off .
tr	PRES	She gazes back at him and I suddenly feel like I 've intruded on a moment I don 't really belong in .
tr	PAST	Shouts erupted around me , white lights exploded before my eyes as I was pushed back beneath the force of the creature .
tr	PAST	Silver instructed one of the pirates to take him to another room they had found at the back of the hall .
tr	PAST	I related what I 'd seen in bare-bones terms .
tr	PRES	I mentally slap myself .
tr	PAST	When she finished eating , she crawled under the blanket .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the full cushion and take a deep breath , hoping to clear my head .
tr	PRES	He relaxes by degrees , and I register the slow shift reflected in his thoughts .
tr	PAST	We spurred our horses on faster , racing towards the cattle .
tr	PAST	He no longer pretended that he didn 't know what she asked .
tr	PRES	he muttered , his voice husky .
tr	PAST	Her granddaughter crouched behind the door , listening .
tr	PRES	He throws me his smile .
tr	PRES	" Not so simple when they make you Holey .
tr	PAST	Glen both pursued and was chased , the sound of doors slamming shut echoing in the long corridors .
tr	PAST	Stepping forward , he flung open the doors .
tr	PRES	He blushes this time and says , " I 'm glad you like it . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed in frustration .
tr	PRES	Dorothy throws herself on his chest .
tr	PAST	It flapped close over the top of Shannon and the unborn Shane .
tr	PRES	I scratch my head .
tr	PRES	But I warn you , some of what I 'm going to say will be difficult to believe .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes .
tr	PRES	A small object rises from the floor and begins hovering .
tr	PRES	It never stops . "
tr	PRES	Her shoulders slumped , her only acknowledgment that she had lost this battle of wills .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Ambrose .
tr	PRES	" And I will prove it when -- " " Enough . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for my cheek , to touch me - entice me .
tr	PAST	He smacked his hand down on it .
tr	PAST	He hopped out the truck and dug into his pocket .
tr	PRES	Max chased pigeons as they walked , squealing in excitement when he nearly caught one .
tr	PRES	I lean back in my chair and watch the ceiling fan turn in a failed attempt to cool the room .
tr	PAST	The detective collected papers and photographs , tucking them back into the case file .
tr	PAST	The voice boomed , as Felix sank back down onto the sofa next to me after raiding the buffet .
tr	PAST	He produced a long , leather-bound , wooden case , which he placed on the tabletop .
tr	PAST	Liza marveled at how this family , who 'd been estranged not one short year ago , pulled together for one teenage girl .
tr	PRES	" In Sweden ? "
tr	PRES	The man glares , his eyes full of malice .
tr	PAST	" Maybe you adapted a little bit , but not fully .
tr	PAST	The shot required both skill and a little luck , and he got both .
tr	PAST	Summer crawled into the Nest , followed by Trevor , Pigeon , and Nate .
tr	PAST	' Don 't move , ' she uttered .
tr	PRES	I whirl around , unable to take it all in .
tr	PAST	Norah outlined her plan .
tr	PAST	" Isn 't chocolate frosting enough for you ? "
tr	PAST	She sensed that the red flag had gone up , indicating that her conversation time had expired .
tr	PRES	After all , the worst lies ahead in that tunnel .
tr	PRES	Faced with an optional question in an examination paper , one considers whether one can do it or not : faced with a compulsory question .
tr	PAST	Jenny 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PRES	His father scoots forward in the seat , dithering before reaching forward and placing a hand on Luke 's shoulder . '
tr	PRES	" Hideous little creature , " she mumbled as she stood , the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle drifting from her .
tr	PRES	" On spec , " Mom corrects .
tr	PAST	When he looked down again , it was to see Maya staring at him , her face tipped up to his .
tr	PAST	Jason whirled , sword ready , baffled by the perfect echo .
tr	PAST	The young boys and girls celebrating confirmation later this year served the meals .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open to find Jesse 's face hovering over me , his hands on my shoulders , shaking me hard .
tr	PRES	The Human Simulation project holds great promise for the world .
tr	PAST	He eyed her , wondering what was going on behind that golden mask .
tr	PAST	Tucker exited his vehicle and stood outside , the bitter wind blowing around him .
tr	PAST	He replayed the evening 's events in his mind .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and pushes , jolting me back into my body .
tr	PRES	Holly glances at me and says meaningfully , " And I was going to go watch the training . "
tr	PRES	He holds it in his hand .
tr	PAST	I prayed a lot , but God never seemed to hear me .
tr	PAST	Besides , she felt safe with him , a knowledge that arrived from nowhere but a gut feeling she trusted .
tr	PRES	The doors swing open and Blake hurries to open Jay 's side .
tr	PAST	His position still provided a partial view of the skirmish .
tr	PRES	In the bathroom , I lean my head against the wall , fighting tears .
tr	PRES	That , I think , concludes our meeting . "
tr	PAST	Spinning round he unleashed a tirade of punches and kicks into the older Barry .
tr	PAST	He washed his next bite down with a huge gulp of soda .
tr	PRES	Storm 's tiny apartment pulses with a warm current as the five of us devour Storm 's cooking .
tr	PRES	Something rattles at the back of the room , like the sound of a pot falling over .
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	Julie exhaled at the invitation and followed him to the bedroom .
tr	PAST	She padded out of her bedroom and headed down the hall .
tr	PRES	" Ethan , wake up , " Claire whispers .
tr	PAST	A challenge he plunged into without any hesitation .
tr	PRES	The pleasure tingles and builds , gathering low in my stomach .
tr	PRES	She deserves something that has some amount of dignity .
tr	PRES	She loves the babies but just never ever wants to carry them again .
tr	PRES	He pushes me up against the car .
tr	PAST	Not breaking contact , she unzipped her hoodie and he pushed it off her shoulders .
tr	PRES	Hit climbs to her feet and sets off , presumably to collect her gear .
tr	PAST	I squirted another long stream into my mouth .
tr	PAST	Olivia inquired , needing to focus on something other than her growing desire for him .
tr	PRES	His head bent forward , his lips only inches from her ear .
tr	PAST	Frank 's eyes glazed over with the memory .
tr	PAST	" I have never lied to you . "
tr	PRES	I yell into the tunnel .
tr	PRES	I lean back in my chair , and shove another piece of pork in my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Shouldn 't we dismount the horses before entering ? "
tr	PAST	" Okay , Callum , this is what I know , " she stated .
tr	PAST	The man swiped the air in front of him , as if swatting a fly .
tr	PRES	Such an idiot . "
tr	PRES	A clean slice through the rubber .
tr	PAST	" Ha , " Leah scoffed .
tr	PRES	Alex sighs and gazes at the wrap-around porch .
tr	PRES	He stares me down for several seconds , panting heavily .
tr	PAST	His free hand sought her nub again and her arousal soared to meet his .
tr	PAST	He treated each one individually then turned towards the house , disappearing round the corner , heading for the back and the mud room .
tr	PAST	Even my stomach battled a sharp pain .
tr	PRES	" Uh , recovering addict and all , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He returns his attention to it , staring at it intently and for a wild moment I think he 's going to answer it and leave .
tr	PRES	" You better be careful what you say , " I warn , beginning to worry that she might be targeted .
tr	PRES	Plenty of people to prey on . "
tr	PAST	So we volunteered to set up forward OPs .
tr	PAST	Ian 's frown deepened as if he was puzzled .
tr	PAST	" Come on , Rani , " she urged .
tr	PAST	A blackness that engulfed him completely , and then , like it were the most potent of acids , he dissolved into it .
tr	PAST	Then her eyes brightened in recognition and she lurched to the edge of the stage to help him .
tr	PAST	The idea horrified him .
tr	PAST	They snaked their way through winding hallways .
tr	PRES	She plays with the gold bracelets on her wrist .
tr	PAST	Two thickly studded wheels and a massive kickstand supported their jet black body .
tr	PAST	She twirled her hair around her index finger .
tr	PAST	He sensed it coming and moved at the last second , but it changed his focus just enough that she managed to wrench away from him .
tr	PAST	" You will become a good psychologist " I joked , thankful that she was laughing .
tr	PAST	" You 're having an affair with Lavina , " he stated in a quieter voice .
tr	PAST	Tristan lingered at the backs of my knees , whispering his fingertips on the sensitive skin until I shivered .
tr	PRES	But when he leaned in , I ruined it .
tr	PRES	As the events of the last twenty-eight hours come back to me , the smile disappears and my eyes open completely , meeting Chloe 's concerned ones .
tr	PRES	That girl tends to her as if she were a child .
tr	PRES	She slides my body back to the floor and lays down beside me .
tr	PAST	With a snap of the reins , she urged her horse up the rocky path .
tr	PAST	Christ , I - " Haven 's eyes widened as the priest inhaled sharply .
tr	PRES	" By not being with Cadmus ? "
tr	PAST	If you could , the Clave wouldn 't have panicked so much when the original Mortal Cup went missing .
tr	PRES	" Claire wants a beer , " he mumbled through orange goo .
tr	PAST	She sensed his thoughts , but as ever , they were deeply buried under layers upon layers of powerful shields .
tr	PRES	Some papers shuffle on his end and I wonder if he 's reaching across a desk or something to get on his computer .
tr	PRES	It allows me to pull away individual layers , such as clothing , skin , and muscle to expose what 's underneath .
tr	PRES	The most exciting part begins and we 're just observers ? "
tr	PRES	" A couple weeks ago , " Tammie sniffs , her tears returning with a vengeance .
tr	PAST	Seth advanced , following me back up the path .
tr	PAST	She scooted off the side of her queen size bed .
tr	PAST	A cold fear clutched her heart .
tr	PAST	Conrad scooted closer to me .
tr	PAST	Not that I blamed her , but still .
tr	PRES	To add insult to injury , the sun shone brightly while fluffy clouds lazily drifted in the sky .
tr	PAST	I clasped her hand in mine as she turned her attention back to me .
tr	PAST	Paul outlined the changes in the new constitution he felt were needed to assure that national elections would be honest .
tr	PRES	" Curse the season , daylight never lasts as long as one likes now . "
tr	PAST	The king 's sister motioned to the ground .
tr	PAST	She clutched the blanket closer to her .
tr	PAST	He flicked a glance at Octavian , hoping to warn him .
tr	PAST	I absorbed the blow and rolled to my feet .
tr	PRES	" Figures , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the room , slamming the door behind him .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen . "
tr	PRES	" Whatever you say , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	As drops of blood dotted our shirts , we joked about dying of a tetanus infection .
tr	PAST	She stripped off her pjs and stepped into the one-piece suit , pulling it up over her thighs .
tr	PAST	Now , make the guys move , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	In this letter , this Paul mentions the codex , which makes me think that it was sent together with the book . "
tr	PRES	" So , she misses Brazil and likes surprises . "
tr	PAST	She lied about who your mother was .
tr	PRES	" Why , Charlotte Dumont .
tr	PRES	First you danced with Lord Waterstone , who 's a spineless fop .
tr	PRES	Then my glare falls past them to the rain .
tr	PRES	Landon narrows his eyes as he picks up the shot glass and downs it , then slams the glass on the table .
tr	PAST	I sensed that he had been nervous that I might have changed my mind again .
tr	PAST	Satisfied they were still in the state in which he had left them , the Captain motioned Corporal Adams to approach him .
tr	PRES	Father tends to keep his emotions rather tightly controlled , but this time I think they got the better of him .
tr	PAST	Boone 's eyes hooded and darkened , but he nodded slightly to let Delilah know both of them would be okay .
tr	PAST	Five minutes later , just as he was finishing his roast beef on brown bread , the door buzzed , clicked , opened and in walked Stuart .
tr	PRES	And two , you acquired favors from the Irish mob by keeping your damn mouth shut about how you did it .
tr	PRES	" Maybe I could , " I hiss at him .
tr	PRES	" She throws a great party so I guess I 'll ignore her for now . "
tr	PRES	" I thought we were best friends but I was wrong about you , " Suzy snaps .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward her granddaughter 's belly .
tr	PRES	" And if it pops ? "
tr	PRES	" An abomination . "
tr	PRES	A short row of perhaps seven or eight houses fronting the sea all held signs indicating they accepted guests .
tr	PAST	Colours exploded in my head , and I thought I might faint .
tr	PAST	She drapes the dress on the back of the chair and sits down across the table from me .
tr	PAST	Light pierced the branches , playing across his face .
tr	PAST	" Is Cordelia out of the hospital yet ? "
tr	PRES	" I ah ... no thank you . "
tr	PRES	I assume you 've read it ? "
tr	PRES	" That unfortunately explains why he 's so quiet .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out on such a day , Nellie ?
tr	PRES	The truth falls from my lips , shocking us both .
tr	PRES	The longer the wound went without attention , the less affect the sap would have .
tr	PAST	Well , I lied . "
tr	PAST	Instead of a quarter , he bounced the pendant on the dock .
tr	PRES	" Holy shit , " Micha whispers and looks at me , his eyes bulging .
tr	PRES	Walking over to the intruder Diana states , " Following you ?
tr	PRES	The air stank of corrosion and burning .
tr	PRES	He affects a conviviality which proves indefatigable , however .
tr	PRES	He breathes into my mouth , and the fog lifts from my mind .
tr	PAST	He whipped his arm up in front of his chest and a section of the gear slid back from over a bright screen .
tr	PRES	The mountain range blocks everything else off . "
tr	PAST	My boots stomped up the stairs to a desk , and my bag fell off my shoulder to the floor .
tr	PAST	He prayed every morning and evening .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the cork , prying it out with some difficulty .
tr	PRES	She opens the door a crack and eyes me .
tr	PAST	Bottles of perfume exploded .
tr	PAST	Judson clipped his phone to his belt .
tr	PRES	My palms bleed because of my long fingernails that were forcefully pierced on my skin .
tr	PRES	And feed your soul . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to lose her , " I mumbled and pushed him off of me .
tr	PRES	" Okay , I overreacted . "
tr	PRES	" Push , now . "
tr	PAST	At supper , he announced he would be dining out and left without so much as a goodbye .
tr	PAST	I sensed Inno about to cry and I closed her mouth .
tr	PAST	The file glowed transparently in the corner of his vision , urging him to view it .
tr	PAST	Mortimer stiffened against her , and Sam smiled wryly when his gaze turned sharp on her face .
tr	PAST	My hands fisted in his silky hair , begging him silently for release , but he took his time .
tr	PRES	Be it bushes that were out of place or a strange feel of the wind .
tr	PAST	Edward and Alice stiffened .
tr	PRES	Beast glances at the sentries .
tr	PAST	He crumpled onto the floor .
tr	PAST	Jessie motioned me inside .
tr	PAST	As soon as she was buckled in , he reversed and headed in the opposite direction .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that , thus far , my role as ambassador hasn 't been as cushy as one might expect .
tr	PAST	Meagan panicked a little .
tr	PRES	Doctor Curtis rounds on his colleague .
tr	PRES	That bothers me more than I 'd admit out loud .
tr	PRES	The sweet smells of hay surround us and I murmur , " With you . "
tr	PAST	A sharp pain lanced through my chest , and I almost moaned .
tr	PAST	He wriggled onto his back and listened , but couldn 't hear a thing .
tr	PAST	Instead , I snaked a hand down to my belt , going for my shield disk .
tr	PRES	" You must be Tomas , " I observe .
tr	PAST	Your father operated on me , and , I must say , he did a mighty good job . "
tr	PRES	Because it makes him sound really girly . "
tr	PAST	Old Sanchez himself waddled through the work bays with a glass of iced tea in his hand .
tr	PAST	Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned .
tr	PRES	My entire body throbs with want of him , but not yet .
tr	PAST	But suddenly the scaled , fanged creature screeched , " No , no , no , " clearly sensing Olivia 's presence .
tr	PRES	" Not over how you look , Tessa .
tr	PAST	Dragons circled the skies with salamander generals bellowing out orders .
tr	PAST	Standing in the dim daylight in the deserted courtyard , I conducted a brief inner debate .
tr	PAST	He withdrew before temptation overwhelmed him , sat down .
tr	PAST	My heart jumped into my throat , then skipped a beat when I turned my head and soft hair tickled my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " I confess , and stare straight ahead as I cross my ankles .
tr	PAST	Christopher extended his hand as she reached the bottom step and saw the faint blush that touched her cheeks .
tr	PRES	She downs the water bottle before tossing it over near my shoes .
tr	PRES	" North Side ? "
tr	PRES	" Teach English ? "
tr	PAST	But he transferred elsewhere . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe a few centimeters , but you look the same to me . "
tr	PAST	The moon reflected bits of gold in his brown eyes .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Son . "
tr	PRES	He winks , then slips one of those big hands around my neck and slowly lowers his mouth to mine .
tr	PAST	He proceeded cautiously , scanning the area for any signs of life , on guard for the sudden reappearance of mech wolves .
tr	PRES	" In that case , " Trystan reaches for the shirt and tugs it on over his black tee shirt .
tr	PRES	Lila enters the room , her face twisted in confusion .
tr	PRES	The large white horse snorts with an invisible stream from his big nostrils .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't anyone teach you that it 's okay to break the rules every once in a while ? "
tr	PAST	My eyes crawled up along Rachel 's back , over Caden 's arms , still wrapped lovingly around her , to his perfect face .
tr	PAST	It pitched up and down .
tr	PAST	Turning her head , she saw it was only herself , reflected in the mirror on the far wall .
tr	PAST	What bothered her was that she didn 't know where to start .
tr	PAST	Agent Ward eyed her suspiciously .
tr	PAST	He thanked Dalton , told him he was looking a bit better , and left .
tr	PAST	In the corner a corrugated iron drum provided a reservoir for another rotary pump set which stood on the floor .
tr	PAST	He bent to suck one of my nipples into his mouth , his fangs grazing along my tender skin as his tongue swirled and pulled .
tr	PRES	" Is there anything else you want to tell me , Lexi ? "
tr	PRES	Even so , I spare a brief time , in order to judge justly in a hard matter .
tr	PRES	A naughty smile glides across my face .
tr	PAST	Then someone replaced the metal cover over the hole and plunged them into darkness .
tr	PAST	" But you are doing it , " he accused .
tr	PAST	He also described violent incidents that had occurred in Caesarea , but fortunately nothing had happened to the house , the family or the granaries and warehouses .
tr	PAST	" And you panicked . "
tr	PAST	James caressed her cheek , smoothed her hair .
tr	PAST	The other women readied themselves with soft warm towels and blankets to receive the newborn into their arms .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something and he stilled his hand that was brushing a piece of her hair from her eyes .
tr	PAST	You treated it like garbage .
tr	PRES	She passes about two cars on her way out .
tr	PAST	The newspapers the next day exploded with reports of seeing people in black posting the images all over Lubbock .
tr	PAST	Viggo dismissed my concerns with a wave of his hand .
tr	PAST	Quentin doubted that he looked great .
tr	PAST	Instead of heading back towards the ranch , Billy inched his way slowly towards the lip of the draw .
tr	PRES	She points to me .
tr	PAST	" A concept , " Cheryl reiterated as she glanced at Alex who shrugged .
tr	PRES	He glances sideways at me , looking puzzled , but then his face suddenly clicks into understanding .
tr	PAST	He limped over to lean against a brick building where he could take the pressure off his damaged leg .
tr	PRES	" What - " My father stops when he sees Harlin leaning against me .
tr	PRES	The tension on the blade subsides and her arm relaxes .
tr	PAST	" Really , that 's awesome , " Josh exclaimed in a gasp of breath .
tr	PAST	Vee flapped her arms .
tr	PRES	But it fades when they leave this world . '
tr	PRES	" It pays the bills . "
tr	PAST	Ethan 's face crumpled .
tr	PRES	She enters her passive state voluntarily , but she can 't emerge until you release her . "
tr	PAST	She pretended to trip and made to fall to the floor .
tr	PAST	Explains Rick through gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	No matter how much we prepared , the infected snuck past our defenses and crept close to our necks .
tr	PAST	" You lied about Mom . "
tr	PRES	Jake reviewed his plans . .
tr	PRES	The same can occur with a book or a film you connect with .
tr	PAST	Noel pretended to be fascinated with the square face of his Omega watch .
tr	PRES	Even when things seem ok .
tr	PAST	Vibrant greens and blues melded earth and sea .
tr	PRES	He chuckles saying : come on , as he points his finger at me .
tr	PAST	" You sound like you were in love with him , " Simone scoffed , as she was becoming disoriented again .
tr	PRES	" Oh no , " she mumbled into the couch pillows .
tr	PRES	asked Ray quietly , awe in his voice .
tr	PRES	A shape-shifter 's body changes on a whole different cel ular level and speed .
tr	PAST	I doubted they 'd give chase .
tr	PRES	Just then the door opens with a loud click .
tr	PRES	Soon the city vibrant with life remains behind .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 4 THE ghosts invaded her mind .
tr	PAST	I stiffened and shove the unexpected mental visit to the back of my mind .
tr	PRES	Familial loyalty offers the closest facsimile , but otherwise , they lack emotions as we know them .
tr	PRES	" You love me , " she whispers , her voice wavering .
tr	PRES	Just - wipe the slate clean ? "
tr	PRES	His face softens almost imperceptibly as I go on , " I want to help .
tr	PAST	Both of them proceeded to herd people toward the perimeter surrounding us .
tr	PAST	" You shouldn 't have said that , " Samara uttered with a gurgle .
tr	PAST	He giggled and put his head down .
tr	PAST	Jonathan said , " yes , yes , " periodically as he spoke to Tom , but he looked at my face as he fingered me .
tr	PAST	She preferred to stay in Eugene , but her part-time job on campus had ended with the semester .
tr	PAST	She crosses her arms , her face pinched .
tr	PRES	Weber lets out a breath beside me , but I shiver , anxiety still snaking like ice across my skin .
tr	PRES	E 3 enters being pestered by the rest of the ensemble as children ) : Just a second let me get to - quiet down !
tr	PAST	" Come on , admit it , " he urged .
tr	PRES	" Because they already cashed out during the last government-subsidized bubble and are waiting for another crash to buy low . "
tr	PRES	He holds out a finger toward one of the tips .
tr	PAST	Claire jolted to a stop , breathing hard .
tr	PAST	But he slowed his hips and thrusts and released the seal of his lips .
tr	PAST	" I haven 't washed my hair in a week , " I sobbed , picking up his shirt and using it once again .
tr	PAST	I withdrew it from sale .
tr	PAST	Gabriel flicked his eyes to the main door searching for his father .
tr	PAST	He froze , unsure of what to say .
tr	PAST	" You violated ancient bird 's tradition by selling initiation into birds ' meditation , which was not even your own technique .
tr	PAST	He eyed a Maglite flashlight on a worktable so he snatched that as well , shoving it between his belt and waist .
tr	PAST	" Mom destroyed it .
tr	PRES	she mumbled to herself .
tr	PAST	She had a pleasant smile , her eyes twinkled when she smiled .
tr	PAST	Her hands curved protectively around the pup while words bubbled up in spite of acid and good sense .
tr	PRES	Failure to remove the material presents a risk of radioactive contamination .
tr	PRES	Her lashes lower and her voice drops to her shoes .
tr	PRES	" Not a magic lamp . "
tr	PAST	Fingers danced up his back and rested lightly on his shoulders .
tr	PRES	So I smack him on the arm .
tr	PRES	The rifleman downs a long swallow .
tr	PAST	For a moment I stand in the hall , the flyer still balled in my hand , breathing in the familiar smells of furniture polish and Clorox .
tr	PAST	Skyler 's body convulsed .
tr	PRES	" Stella , stop it , sweetie .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat and looks down to dust her skirt before continuing .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward my board .
tr	PAST	A fallen tree trunk provided better cover .
tr	PRES	Rebecca 's face changes .
tr	PAST	And one who could destroy so many if threatened , he reflected .
tr	PRES	He pushes on my legs , moving them further apart , spreading my body open for him .
tr	PAST	Denver flicked his gaze over me .
tr	PRES	Two hundred paces to the bridge .
tr	PAST	I eyed them , my eyes sliding down to her dress .
tr	PRES	" For good luck , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" Yuh know , Pet .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I keep going over the map .
tr	PAST	A massive fist swiped the weapon away with little effort .
tr	PAST	I received an offer of employment from some people I used to know a long time ago .
tr	PAST	The soldier attempted to make a helpful remark by suggesting it was just a fox snaring a duck from the castle kitchen .
tr	PRES	He talks about getting back into acting .
tr	PAST	The memories haunted me , playing out every detail of that bloody night , ending just before Santino attempted to finish me off .
tr	PRES	This chick I know couldn 't stop whining about it .
tr	PRES	As he turns around in the kitchen he hears the hum of the refrigerator and the ratcheting roll-over sound of the icemaker .
tr	PRES	Oxbow chuckles , stepping over the dead bodies too .
tr	PRES	" Well I disagree .
tr	PRES	When she doesn 't answer , Sam tries again .
tr	PAST	High heels , black patent , gleaming slightly in the ragged moonlight .
tr	PRES	It clashes with the taunt muscles , " he releases her then flexes his biceps .
tr	PAST	Anon claimed to have stood against this evil force ... stood and died .
tr	PRES	Why add to it ?
tr	PAST	They skipped the turkey drill and instead the teams each lined up against opposite ends of the court and practiced serving to each other .
tr	PAST	" Don 't breathe a word of this to anyone , " Locke instructed .
tr	PRES	When I don 't respond , James 's smile fades and he puts his arm around me as we wait for Dallas to get the door open .
tr	PRES	He lets out a grunt .
tr	PAST	He tugged at a tangle in her glossy hair .
tr	PAST	Alfie crouched down and peered through the glass .
tr	PAST	Connor flicked his eyes to Logan , and back to the minotaur he was fighting .
tr	PAST	' I 've been looking all over for you , ' he rasped .
tr	PAST	Taro reappeared at the bottom of the stairs , accompanied by a slight , but well-proportioned woman whose posture and demeanor exuded gravitas .
tr	PRES	" Must I teach you again who 's master ?
tr	PAST	" Don 't you think it is much more likely they healed the child if her cancer is in remission ?
tr	PAST	Nikki slapped Lori 's hand away , laughing .
tr	PAST	A voice vibrated out of the cavity , startling her .
tr	PAST	He harassed me . "
tr	PAST	I clutched his hand and held on to him until the last possible second .
tr	PAST	" Okay , Dr. Goddard .
tr	PRES	-- Amir Ahmed CHAPTER ONE : THE SANTA " Over there ! "
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to walk ahead out the door , which I did with images of his uniform draped across my floor dancing in my head .
tr	PAST	Mothers clutched their children close , as men gripped their knives , guns , pitchforks and shovels , all eyes cast upward in anticipation of doom .
tr	PRES	She freezes , and I give a weak wave .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	The angels wept tonight . "
tr	PRES	Jason sighs and runs his hand through his bristly hair , as he often does when stress momentarily takes its toll .
tr	PAST	She clutched Douglas 's hand , whilst she felt Dinah shuddering beside her .
tr	PAST	She selected a form-fitting olive colored dress -- not too short , and not too long -- just perfect .
tr	PAST	Sali , you get two , " Denise eyed Sali sternly .
tr	PRES	" I think it does , " I disagree , remembering how the detective tried to kill Raven with no remorse at all .
tr	PAST	She managed to elbow him in the gut and this time he tickled her ear .
tr	PAST	" But Billy matched their order .
tr	PRES	A girl reaches her chubby hand to touch my strings , and I smile and intercept her hand by taking it in mine , instead .
tr	PRES	I sneer , seeing .
tr	PAST	" No we just drove down from New Hampshire at the request of the Manchester PD , " Chris lied .
tr	PRES	At some point it falls , and I 'd rather be cynical than naive any day of the week . "
tr	PRES	My face falls into my palms as I wonder how I got myself into this .
tr	PRES	I tip my head up with a condescending expression .
tr	PRES	I lean in even further , begging for more .
tr	PAST	Ko adjusted his silver veil .
tr	PAST	Elliot stuffed his hands in his pockets and shrugged .
tr	PAST	" Mrs. Morgan to see Mr. Beaumont , " she stated formally , brushing past the butler to step into the foyer .
tr	PRES	He sighs loudly as he shuts the door and officially closes me out of the conversation as he walks around and climbs in his side .
tr	PRES	She likes to tell tales . "
tr	PAST	She froze , her eyes widening .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the ground , leaking more sparks and black oil .
tr	PAST	Not a single thought pierced her bitter sense of failure , of defeat , except one -- that she 'd never told him how she felt .
tr	PRES	And , anyway , when something ends something else begins . "
tr	PRES	Now he was closing and folding it , his gaze resting on her .
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PAST	" Wasn 't trying to , " he grunted , sitting up slowly and dusting himself off .
tr	PAST	" The half-dead . "
tr	PRES	Actually , the fun really begins when you meet -- well , I 'll let him introduce himself when the moment presents itself . "
tr	PRES	" Along with one of those police artist sketches .
tr	PRES	" Yes , my other medication , and some juice to wash it down . "
tr	PRES	" Just tell me who , " Lila begs me .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " I mutter as I scoot off my stool .
tr	PRES	" You 're very smart , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Robbie joins me at the window .
tr	PAST	To shorthand the conversation now , Tucker simply lied .
tr	PAST	" Dad , Annie and I were thinking about heading to Oregon in the morning , " Joe announced without preamble .
tr	PAST	As if hearing his name , Simon shuffled through the door .
tr	PAST	Kevin barged around the doctor and Nikki found herself facing an obviously upset man .
tr	PRES	" Do not fear me , Raven .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for coming by , Maggie .
tr	PAST	Tears froze in the corners of her eyes .
tr	PRES	Why all the fuss ?
tr	PRES	Taking the pistol in his hand , Gray Wolf points it toward the same barrel .
tr	PAST	Come with me , " I motioned for them to follow .
tr	PAST	She smacked herself in the forehead with the heel of her hand .
tr	PAST	" She looks like a little lost puppy , " he taunted , holding his hand up .
tr	PAST	Silver or gold , perhaps , or maybe the one that glowed like an ember .
tr	PAST	He mumbled again , " Steward 's horn .
tr	PAST	He squinted and then looked back to the lake , to avoid looking directly into the glaring light .
tr	PAST	Lucan exhaled , the magnitude of his mistake hitting him like a freight train plowing into the center of his being .
tr	PAST	She cocked another arrow and ran across the rooftop , aiming at the borg while leaping from the rooftop to the street .
tr	PAST	Peter slowed the car , and Emma sat up to look .
tr	PAST	Later , I received the news from my friends that actually , my girl topped in literature .
tr	PRES	She holds out her little finger , and I latch mine over hers .
tr	PAST	Ken volunteered , moving in front of her .
tr	PRES	I wipe at my eyes impatiently .
tr	PRES	" And Aunty Robin and Uncle Leo ? "
tr	PAST	The world exploded around me .
tr	PAST	Lauren balled her hands , hung on to her composure by the thinnest thread .
tr	PAST	She wept against her husband 's chest , feeling miserable and foolish for doing it , and found herself unable to stop for several minutes .
tr	PAST	Jeremy adjusted his shirt and stood tall .
tr	PAST	I inhaled and exhaled , shoving the half-truths I was hiding behind me , trying to get to what was really bothering me .
tr	PRES	Something of extreme value that I can 't allow anyone else to get their hands on . "
tr	PAST	The white stag leaped .
tr	PRES	" An island lies dead ahead at the coordinates I gave you .
tr	PRES	I lean closer , checking again to make sure we 're not being watched .
tr	PRES	The island 's base floats under the water , hovering above the ocean floor , and now I understand .
tr	PRES	He gifted her with a smile that made her stomach flutter .
tr	PRES	At a certain age the offspring stops aging .
tr	PAST	" I knew she was special , " Edwina stated .
tr	PAST	Now that he didn 't need to eat , drink , or breathe to survive , he feared he would just float through space forever .
tr	PAST	A light from the porch reflected the emerald of her eyes .
tr	PAST	In the morning she awoke to the beautiful , heavenly sounds of an organ , though she couldn 't see one anywhere .
tr	PRES	Jetta glances at her watch every few seconds .
tr	PAST	I scooted closer and wrapped my arms around her .
tr	PRES	" A few vague semi hints if I do well and justify my existence . "
tr	PAST	In that meeting , an Asha ' man announced that he could sense a man channeling in the camp .
tr	PAST	" Tell me about it , " she scoffed .
tr	PRES	Fix him , she begged , as she had a hundred times before .
tr	PRES	" No , " she said , hurrying after him , " but ... " " Hush , then .
tr	PRES	Ms. Douglas , I assume Charlie 's told you that Mr. McKay has been killed ? "
tr	PAST	The girls lied on their backs and reminisced in the dark .
tr	PAST	The air vibrated with hundreds of haggling voices and sounds of boots , hooves , and claws scraping the tiles .
tr	PAST	Calm once more , the sea monster washed thick salt tears from her eyes .
tr	PRES	But my original design remains essentially unaltered .
tr	PRES	" Someday I 'd like to watch you use this on yourself , " he comments .
tr	PAST	She squinted at something off kilter , something strange about the whole vision .
tr	PAST	" Give him time , " the vampire advised kindly .
tr	PRES	" No , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Darien marveled at the tiny human pleasures .
tr	PRES	He barely talks ! "
tr	PAST	The gargoyles shrieked and stopped their flight .
tr	PRES	Due to my quaking hand , the numbers barely resemble squiggles .
tr	PAST	I cringed an appropriate amount .
tr	PAST	Flipping myself over , I crawled along the ground .
tr	PRES	Tammie weeps in her hands , too overcome to go inside .
tr	PAST	" I , too , sought to shed the world in this place . "
tr	PAST	The small warmth in my heart froze and my heart squeezed painfully .
tr	PRES	A swordsman never lets go of his weapon . "
tr	PAST	Whenever you 're done over there , it 's your turn , " Shane announced .
tr	PRES	My mind drifts , but this time to darker thoughts .
tr	PAST	" Yes , yes , " the woman sobbed through tears .
tr	PAST	They writhed against each other , driven by the need for a hard pounding tempo that would dull the reality of their inevitable parting .
tr	PAST	With a shrill caw , it exploded into a fiery creature that twisted and flew through the window in the shape of a crow .
tr	PAST	The warm spring sun lightened everyone 's spirits as it hinted at summer 's approach .
tr	PRES	Andrew disappears and returns with Jackson .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I understand , " Rema mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Greetings , and how was the hunting trip ? "
tr	PRES	" Of course , mum .
tr	PAST	She stares at me quizzically when she answers it .
tr	PAST	Jack awoke to find Lorraine no longer at his side .
tr	PAST	She limped to her desk , opened the drawer , and took out the leather-bound journal .
tr	PRES	" She likes dogs , too .
tr	PAST	' Round up a crew and get back to Riva , ' I instructed .
tr	PAST	When he walked in , the aroma of simmering barbecue sauce tickled his nostrils .
tr	PAST	The answer saddened her .
tr	PAST	No scare tactics required .
tr	PAST	Stars and a single moon pierced the purple canvas with their light .
tr	PAST	His shoulders tensed , and I knew he was going to argue with total Aiden logic .
tr	PRES	" He 's our newest crew member , " Black Beard announces .
tr	PAST	She doubted it , but what was she going to do ?
tr	PAST	Scott flapped his arms and playfully made chicken noises .
tr	PAST	He just required that they stayed out of the way and let him get on with things .
tr	PRES	" My offer to knock some sense into him still stands . "
tr	PRES	I assume one had ? "
tr	PAST	His husky promise rumbled between them and over her skin as sensuously as a caress .
tr	PRES	Or , in simpler terms , a shattering lot of bears .
tr	PRES	It also lists all of our phone numbers .
tr	PRES	Steam drifts above the water , soft music plays quietly , and a glass wall affords us a stunning view of the valley .
tr	PRES	" Thomas is dead , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Thane uprights , shaking her hoofs , tail and mane , exhales with annoyance .
tr	PAST	Acid churned in the bottom of his stomach .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , then sank to a furious whisper .
tr	PRES	The split between what I imagined and what I now see throws me into a kind of tailspin ; I don 't know what to think .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms over my chest and lean back .
tr	PRES	She wears a neon orange dress with puffy short sleeves , a high neck line , and a circular fluffy skirt .
tr	PRES	As if searching for patience , he releases a small frustrated breath .
tr	PAST	He dialed a number and waited .
tr	PRES	The yard light , attached near the top of a power line pole , shone brightly about and wires from the pole drifted lazily toward the house .
tr	PAST	Instead , she clutched her notepad tighter to her and said , " Because I know you . "
tr	PAST	It plopped into the fish tank with a gurgle , the fish darting to their corners like boxers at the bell .
tr	PAST	Pain bore into his side , a remorseless pneumatic drill .
tr	PRES	The minute he reads it , his breathing changes , but he doesn 't turn to me .
tr	PAST	Some man invented that for the benefit of his brothers . "
tr	PRES	A sob fills my throat , so I run .
tr	PAST	She shrieked and spat .
tr	PRES	Louisa sighs and leans back against the wall .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " Lizzie stated , standing up .
tr	PAST	" Bleh , " she giggled .
tr	PAST	When she got tired of reading , she dusted the furniture , swept the floors , and ran the sweeper over the carpets .
tr	PRES	" And she doesn 't know who the daddy is , " Melissa points hard in my direction .
tr	PAST	Sam exclaimed over Julie 's guitar intro .
tr	PAST	Well whatever the case maybe , I was glad I didn 't stay long enough to get my answer solved .
tr	PAST	" I 'll bet someone has told you that you 're very intimidating , " she teased him , trying to ease the tension .
tr	PRES	" That saint and I are related . "
tr	PRES	Now the place belongs to Woods .
tr	PRES	Petra glanced at me , her dark bangs sticking up where she 'd been resting her hand .
tr	PAST	Following the rest of the petitions , George announced the mysteries for that night .
tr	PRES	They range for miles , covering the entire area underneath the city . "
tr	PAST	It immediately deepened to a dark , rich purple that made her skin glow in contrast .
tr	PAST	She squealed in surprise .
tr	PAST	I eyed her gun on the floor , wondering if I could reach it in time .
tr	PAST	He briefly entertained the thought of approaching her anyway , but when he looked around again , she was gone .
tr	PAST	When things hurt too much , he boxed them up for later .
tr	PRES	Lea glares at him as she crosses her arms .
tr	PAST	We circled , and there was a small smile on his face as he waited for an opening .
tr	PRES	Before I can ask him what he means , my phone buzzes in my purse and I stoop to search for it .
tr	PRES	" Just orange juice ? "
tr	PRES	I demanded , the words rattling .
tr	PRES	Emergency , " I mumbled as I picked up the receiver that Amanda was using moments before .
tr	PRES	Storm helps me out of the car as if it were me attacked , not her .
tr	PRES	" Run , " I begged him .
tr	PRES	He points across the hall .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	He climbs in the driver 's seat and starts the engine .
tr	PRES	" A thousand apologies . "
tr	PAST	I tensed and was prepared to fight , but the figure in the doorway wasn 't Holmes .
tr	PAST	Just last week I witnessed a girl , preparing to go home for the day , change her shoes ala Mr. Rogers .
tr	PRES	To have escaped the endless hunger and oppression , the perilous mines , the lash of our final Head Peacekeeper , Romulus Thread .
tr	PAST	Maybe I can help you out , " he volunteered .
tr	PRES	" The tattoos on your arm .
tr	PAST	" Sit down , Roe , you 're white as a sheet , " Sam advised .
tr	PRES	Throwing the car door open , I march around to the front .
tr	PRES	He storms down the street , and his scowl wards off any further greetings from those who pass us .
tr	PRES	She points out her arm , the only part of her body that made it in the photo .
tr	PRES	A chill creeps up my back and neck .
tr	PAST	" He is about to wet himself , " giggled one of them , and others cackled .
tr	PRES	The Queen 's eyes dilated to full black , her incisors dropping in an instant .
tr	PAST	He slapped two sides of a sandwich together as the phone rang .
tr	PAST	Greg snuck up behind me though and said , " Oh no , Jacks , you can 't get out of it .
tr	PRES	I exhale being stuck as watcher while my best buds and blossoms have finished their academic imprisonment duty for the afternoon .
tr	PAST	Mary exclaimed , recalling their earlier conversation .
tr	PAST	A deep male voice droned .
tr	PAST	A beautiful moon glazed the snowy pastures and backlit the black trees .
tr	PRES	A letter you found hidden away in the state archives . "
tr	PRES	The Black Jester releases her .
tr	PRES	And Lysander hated lies .
tr	PAST	It glowed carmine along the room -- when had I come to this room ?
tr	PRES	I bow my head into his chest .
tr	PRES	The pod 's cover slams down and leaves me in darkness .
tr	PRES	I chuckle at the memory of when Sabine joined us .
tr	PRES	He glares at Nadia , then shrugs .
tr	PAST	But I strongly doubted they would have even bothered .
tr	PAST	An hour later , he awoke Kim Ju from her extended sleep .
tr	PRES	Rose glares at the Gold Jester , silently seething .
tr	PAST	" I 've been waiting for you to get home , " I exclaimed , tossing my purse and keys to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Like Cronus ? "
tr	PAST	" Champagne , " Raina countered .
tr	PAST	A moment before touchdown the side door opened and an air force general jumped out .
tr	PAST	He sensed that her little gasp was involuntary .
tr	PAST	Hope propped her hand on her hip .
tr	PAST	Sliding her hand into his , she clasped tightly hold of it , surprised to note the slightly cooler feel of his skin .
tr	PAST	Deep purple swirled around them like a giant tornado .
tr	PAST	" No , " Will intervened .
tr	PRES	she cal ed behind her .
tr	PRES	For risking your life . "
tr	PRES	His mouth slides into a smile , and I catch him quickly scanning my body .
tr	PAST	Nadia unscrewed the top of a jar that smelled like pitch mixed with horse manure .
tr	PAST	" I 'll go with him to the Keep , " Daemon crooned .
tr	PRES	she shrieked , her voice ringing through my head .
tr	PAST	" I hacked into the security feeds of all the airports and train stations in southern Italy .
tr	PRES	She likes the smell of their cigarettes and the clink of their liquor bottles and the crude language that tumbles like quarry stones from their hairy lips .
tr	PRES	they shout back , and " Wright to Work ! "
tr	PRES	He releases an unsteady exhale as his thumb caresses my skin .
tr	PRES	Spyder was there too , his bent posture even more ignoble compared to the others who held their heads and shoulders erect like trained soldiers .
tr	PAST	Boy , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	Noah , dressed in running shorts and a plain white tee , bursts into a huge grin as soon as he sees me .
tr	PAST	The mechanic brightened the instant he saw Max , came forward and thrust out his hand .
tr	PRES	Marcus removes his finger , leaving an aching circle behind .
tr	PRES	My scowl fades and my pursed lips soften just enough for Crewe to smile at my jab .
tr	PAST	I cringed at his comment .
tr	PRES	I dreaded the thought of walking into the dark hallways by myself and up to an empty room .
tr	PRES	He climbs off me and stands .
tr	PRES	Just keep up , Angel . "
tr	PAST	From his pocket , he produced a similar blue beret and crowned Ben with it .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Max , you should know better than to give me that much leeway , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Wild animals roam this land , searching for the weak .
tr	PAST	Chapter Ten Eva I can 't figure Luca out .
tr	PAST	Her friend cocked her head to one side , wrinkled her brow .
tr	PRES	What a feast , ' I cry , my voice unnaturally shrill and bright .
tr	PAST	It required all of Matthew 's willpower to remain quiet for the duration of the interrogation .
tr	PAST	She plopped down , panting .
tr	PRES	He tastes like mint and smells like cologne , his body bringing me warmth as it covers mine .
tr	PAST	His whispered voice slurred the words .
tr	PAST	Bill installed a small web browsing client so he could connect to the site in Czechoslovakia and tested it , ensuring that he could see the content .
tr	PAST	She took a sip of wine and scooted closer , her knees brushing against his as she adjusted herself on the high chair .
tr	PAST	Sage exclaimed , " They 've taken Juanita to the mine !
tr	PAST	In places it split light into small , miniature rainbows ; in places , it painted a Teflon coat that glistened .
tr	PRES	I snap my jaw shut and smile .
tr	PRES	This explains your perfect scores . "
tr	PAST	I hopped out of bed , completely unconcerned with the fact that I was only wearing an oversized t-shirt .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a shaky breath and his familiar scent confirmed the identification .
tr	PAST	" He does , " Shane rumbled .
tr	PRES	When we - " " Whoa , whoa , " Emerson chuckles .
tr	PAST	She clutched him as the orgasm continued to throb inside her , shocking her with its intensity .
tr	PAST	Her body tensed but she looked toward him .
tr	PAST	We thanked the waiter , and I picked up my fork and knife and cut into my chicken .
tr	PRES	" Damn you Mitch !
tr	PAST	I blamed God for taking away my Eleanor .
tr	PRES	It allows seamless intercourse between different bodies , governments , agencies , and corporations . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for my free hand , kisses my fingers in a gesture that should be cheesy but is somehow sexy as hell .
tr	PAST	Dollop re-entered the corridor still slightly shaken and concerned at the enormity of what he 'd just become part of .
tr	PAST	She cringed as his large , grimy hand touched her cheek .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply but my nostrils filled with nothing but smoke .
tr	PRES	" Someone loves the word cake . "
tr	PAST	The dog 's heavy tail wagged affectionately as he greeted her .
tr	PAST	I glided forward , using long strokes .
tr	PAST	A cooling sea breeze caressed her hot face , chasing away her memories .
tr	PRES	A California park ranger .
tr	PAST	I groped my hand upward to touch the sky .
tr	PRES	" Just let it go , " I begged .
tr	PRES	My head snaps around , and sure enough , the exposed hallway is gaping like some beast 's maw .
tr	PRES	The nurse glances down at Dr. Stewart passed out on the floor .
tr	PRES	" Sweet pea , " Rose whispered , stroking Selena 's bangs back from her face affectionately .
tr	PRES	Robin glances over at Evie with another one of those looks .
tr	PRES	Well as much as you can to a guy who grunts more than he talks .
tr	PAST	" Kenny and Cassandra , sittin ' in a tree -- " " Knock it off ! "
tr	PRES	The moon , hanging low on the horizon , shone like old gold on Diana 's hair .
tr	PRES	The international waters belong to the human race .
tr	PAST	The women ceased their work and went to the edge of the creek to watch .
tr	PAST	France and Belgium reported little resistance , and were equally successful but in smaller numbers .
tr	PRES	Moving with her , she enters the stairwell and travels up .
tr	PAST	For some reason he preferred to eat on the living room 's white carpet instead of the easy to clean kitchen vinyl floor .
tr	PAST	As if her own life were over as a single bullet stole her beloved husband from her .
tr	PRES	" Next Saturday . "
tr	PRES	Turning to the crew , he yelled , " Lads , who wishes to fight our spy ? "
tr	PAST	Her gaze flicked to Soren before coming back to Aria .
tr	PAST	Were you intending to take off ? "
tr	PAST	Ellen 's face brightened and she sat up a little taller in her chair .
tr	PRES	" You and every other Erudite who ever stuck a needle in me , " Tris snaps .
tr	PAST	The whole world hinged on Dorian .
tr	PRES	It slows down when I want to leave .
tr	PRES	It 's where we got sent after they took us , " Nate explains , impatient when I still don 't understand .
tr	PAST	A dump truck spewed diesel fumes and soot .
tr	PAST	The dimwitted monster grunted as the dervish barreled into it and knocked the mighty thing off its clawed feet .
tr	PAST	It glided toward the temple without a sound , as if it were more shadow than substance .
tr	PRES	Keeps everybody happy . "
tr	PAST	She wriggled herself upward and caught the edges of the skylight .
tr	PRES	" No energy disappears .
tr	PRES	What brings you to our little neck of the woods ? "
tr	PRES	She still brings something over about once a week .
tr	PRES	So fuck you too ! "
tr	PRES	Relief washes over me at his words .
tr	PAST	" So , back to that prophecy we 've all been skating around and trying to digest , " Joseph steered us towards another topic .
tr	PAST	Marius doubted that such a " coven " had ever come together before .
tr	PRES	" You 're welcome , " Sabine mumbled as she jerked her head to the right to find Dante and Ryder fighting it out .
tr	PRES	" Let me see , sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	I chuckle a little , still angry but whatever .
tr	PAST	Kane 's night-vision camera stripped away shadows , making sure they didn 't stumble upon any sentries hidden in the forest .
tr	PRES	he offered , his voice still ringing with mirth .
tr	PRES	" Not a friggin clue . "
tr	PAST	The images and dreams floated away in the cold dawn light , birds coming awake outside in the yard .
tr	PRES	He stares down at the field before saying , " Because I don 't want to , Woods . "
tr	PAST	Martin extended a hand in an awkward , formal gesture , " Pleased to meet you . "
tr	PRES	Push a wooden stake against a man and he 'll laugh because it won 't hurt .
tr	PRES	He digs through the box and begins throwing what appear to be wetsuits at each of our feet .
tr	PAST	Already the tree bore signs of impending death .
tr	PRES	He wishes it would happen , in fact .
tr	PAST	" You have a visitor , " she announced .
tr	PRES	Chapter 30 AT THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL I LOOKED UP , BUT I didn 't see Dante .
tr	PAST	The bud had just started to blossom , its petals slightly revealed at the sides .
tr	PAST	I freed his hand from his hair and held it in my own .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , guys , " stated Buck .
tr	PAST	Dee zipped into the kitchen , her light fading out and revealing a cascade of dark , wavy hair falling over her slender shoulders .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into hers .
tr	PAST	Now the technician 's voice wavered .
tr	PAST	He crouched into the corner , the tapping at his lower back a gunshot from a sniper 's bullet .
tr	PAST	" Any action you take against them will be used to show the people that they are justified in their treatment of the very people they created .
tr	PRES	Heat creeps up my cheeks .
tr	PAST	Kiara pretended to be surprised .
tr	PAST	Dinah roughly freed her hand .
tr	PAST	He phrased it in such a way that he was looking for help .
tr	PRES	Because lunch with Adam was one thing , but I 'd be damned if she intended to go out with that prick again .
tr	PAST	Spencer gazed wildly about , his eyes glazed .
tr	PAST	She washed the soap from her hair and added conditioner .
tr	PAST	That she faked her own death to hide from someone ?
tr	PRES	" Because you don 't belong out here . "
tr	PAST	Miss Julie brightened for several minutes , becoming more aware of her surroundings .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands out in an offering of surrender .
tr	PAST	I witnessed the worry on her face when Dustin called out to her . "
tr	PAST	An abandoned bird 's nest and some scraps of birch bark served as perfect kindling .
tr	PRES	She hugs me , and her frailty sends a shock of horror through me .
tr	PRES	A smear of it over the skin causes the fragment of wire and particles to duplicate and heal , creating a protective layer around your hands .
tr	PRES	Which explains why he flunked out .
tr	PRES	Dham tries again , three bells held in his hands .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet and sprint toward Coral , who is still on the ground .
tr	PRES	Serena remembers having her hand on the book , about to open it until the other room appeared , catching her attention .
tr	PAST	The grass on the lawn still bore the fading whiteness of an overnight frost and the chill in the air hinted at the approaching winter .
tr	PAST	But her eyes flicked up to take in my reaction .
tr	PAST	' That 's what sisters do , ' she chimed , bumping my shoulder with hers .
tr	PAST	The access panel exposed a small control console at the base of the unit , a combination of nine buttons .
tr	PAST	Though , if he made the assumption that Tara was likely involved , I sensed a bit of relief in his eyes for my silence .
tr	PAST	If you get close enough to see her eyes , they send chills up your spine , " stated Paul .
tr	PRES	I project an image of the island to him , along with an imprint of where it would be from Olympus .
tr	PAST	I defended myself , " I don 't believe in stuff like that . "
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " I mumbled , climbing into the Jeep .
tr	PAST	Once everything assembled , I hooked them in to the trailer 's power and watched them power up .
tr	PAST	A woman 's throaty laugh floated through the door , followed by a man 's .
tr	PRES	His head falls to his chest .
tr	PRES	" Our coats - " " Forget the coats .
tr	PAST	His skin glowed with a shifting radiance that looked like sunlight reflecting into the surface of a red pond .
tr	PRES	It belongs to Marc . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew a weird-looking gun from his side , and I gasped .
tr	PAST	The crack of a gun firing jolted Claire 's attention to the gathered group of Enforcement Agents nearby .
tr	PRES	The smile fades from his eyes as he begins his performance .
tr	PAST	" Absolutely outstanding , " Auron cheered .
tr	PAST	The Indians stole three more of equal quality when they raided the wagon train .
tr	PRES	" Did Billy file a missing persons report ? "
tr	PAST	Got to be careful with the tides though as they come in real quick round here . "
tr	PRES	" I suppose so , " Neil mumbled .
tr	PRES	When he steps back she lets the large jewel fall to her chest .
tr	PAST	" I 'll ask , " Jeremy lied .
tr	PRES	Isaiah holds his hand out to me .
tr	PAST	It was like we both couldn 't breathe , mesmerized with one another .
tr	PRES	This draws on the power of the sun , not sunlight .
tr	PRES	" Great , " Sara mumbled , " Two hot , intelligent boys in my life .
tr	PAST	I attempted to blink away the dizziness in my eyes and swallow back the dryness of my throat .
tr	PRES	From what I can see , the enchantment on the talismans holds . "
tr	PAST	she inquired curtly while at the same time dabbing her eyes with her dainty white handkerchief .
tr	PRES	My lips crash into his and he welcomes it .
tr	PAST	I created an account on the Creepy Pasta Wiki , found the forums , and started a topic .
tr	PAST	He inched a little closer , then leaned forward .
tr	PRES	He plays his cards close to his chest .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his T-shirt and headed to the bar .
tr	PRES	Draven slams the book shut and shoves it to the side .
tr	PRES	She reaches into her backpack and pulls out some crackers and a can of cheese spread .
tr	PRES	The sun shone down and Liza put the convertible top down for the ride .
tr	PAST	A female dwarf elbowed the fat lady .
tr	PAST	I tumble into the curtain , holding my head , feeling dizzy .
tr	PRES	' Better than 10,000 Faces ? '
tr	PRES	Demetrius was suddenly blocking her path , his eyes gleaming with a deadly fury .
tr	PAST	Cassandra froze in disbelief .
tr	PRES	He talks differently -- there 's no light-hearted tone or teasing now .
tr	PRES	Mage reached up to the collar of my shirt , her fingertips grazing my skin .
tr	PRES	He stands up , stalks to the pool , and dives in deep .
tr	PAST	I cheered , clapping my hands .
tr	PRES	" What brings the fair queen to our humble mountaintop ? "
tr	PRES	" It has nothing to do with me , goddamn it !
tr	PAST	He steadied himself and gave one hard push on the ground , but his hands slipped on the slippery rock beneath him .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he mutters with his brows knit .
tr	PAST	His stomach rumbled and so transferring the tray to his lap , he began to munch through his breakfast .
tr	PRES	The Majesty corrects itself .
tr	PAST	Rachel instructed them to put the bodies on the tables that were set up for them .
tr	PAST	She hooked the bag onto a wooden lip above the closet , and then rubbed her sore shoulder .
tr	PRES	She crawls on the couch next to me .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't she even hesitate ? "
tr	PAST	The Head Mage took the news with the calm dignity his office required .
tr	PRES	" Loosen up , Katie .
tr	PRES	He glances out the window at the campus yard and his face pales .
tr	PAST	" What crate ? "
tr	PAST	Dev scoffed , " Yeah , but teasing him is like throwing meat at Kyle .
tr	PRES	His face was solemn , his steel eyes watery .
tr	PRES	To drop to my knees in front of him , take him in my mouth and feel the ecstasy as it pulses through him .
tr	PAST	The flickering light in the room painted his face in alternating shades of black and gold ; the line of his jaw was hard .
tr	PAST	He presses something cold and wet against my skin .
tr	PAST	I never feared anyone coming here .
tr	PAST	Cera sniffed a few more times as she peered at Terra with puzzled blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Instantly , his feet slowed and his eyes studied every inch of the couple .
tr	PRES	" The prisoner carts .
tr	PRES	His hand touches the small of my back and he presses me against his body as he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Violet never doubted Iris for a minute .
tr	PAST	His new confidence faltered .
tr	PRES	She relaxes her shoulders a little .
tr	PAST	Craig grunted , but this seemed to pacify the guards , for they let us go .
tr	PAST	When a woman answered the phone , the reporter identified himself and confirmed her place of employment .
tr	PRES	" I healed the body .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side , peering at me curiously .
tr	PRES	One word from Warner and several hundred necks snap in the same direction .
tr	PRES	Finally , Declan stands and lets go of my hand , but plants a very territorial paw on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	We cringed as he stomped into the kitchen and out the back door .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to hear him .
tr	PAST	Five minutes later , Cory emerged from the locker room and jogged over to the bike rack .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Mon Dieu , you have no idea how good this tastes , " she beamed at both of them .
tr	PAST	She named him after the pet lizard in her class . "
tr	PRES	As Emma reaches the stairs up to the greenhouse the rumbling noise subsides .
tr	PAST	She stole a look over to the bar , and saw VJ wink at her .
tr	PAST	I leap up , impatient .
tr	PRES	He pushes his glasses up his nose , gathers his papers up and shoves his pen into his jacket pocket .
tr	PAST	" What crawled up his shorts ? "
tr	PRES	The door to her father 's quarters slides into the wall silently and Aria strides into the room carrying a tray with food heaped upon it .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , Josephine doubted the killer would connect with the vortex so soon .
tr	PAST	He tipped the salt shaker slowly back and forth over his food .
tr	PAST	Jade 's eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together , brushing his hair out of his eyes .
tr	PRES	If you interrupt , he just lets his thoughts drift away unspoken .
tr	PAST	He bore enmities from his past .
tr	PAST	" He 's right , " I mumbled , still looking at Jacob 's serene profile .
tr	PAST	He divided them into ten different companies , one thousand men each .
tr	PAST	Max cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	" Officer , " Ken panted , his arms on his knees .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	" He wishes to entertain you and Gavin when you return . "
tr	PAST	Carefully opening the door to this floor also revealed no apparent threat .
tr	PRES	In Rome , persecution of early Christians begins under Roman Emperor Nero .
tr	PAST	He named it after me , and we ran it together until he died two years ago .
tr	PRES	" Good day to you , Mr Chancellor . "
tr	PAST	| | | | | A men 's fitness club called The Roosevelt Club was Washington D.C. 's oldest and most elite health club .
tr	PRES	Thus , we respectfully request that she be dismissed from this lawsuit .
tr	PRES	Then we march right into the street .
tr	PRES	Eyes wide , he snapped , " Ah , bugger me ! "
tr	PAST	Ducking to keep from whacking my head , I crawled faster than anyone has ever crawled before .
tr	PAST	" Look at her , Rina , she 's no mere mortal , " Lucien clipped .
tr	PRES	Juliet lets out a whimper , but it 's a distant echo to me .
tr	PAST	With a clench of her knees , she spurred her mount to draw closer to Galilee .
tr	PAST	I clutched the leotard tighter .
tr	PAST	Morgan 's wide smile reflected the sparkle in his eyes .
tr	PRES	But she deserves better than my brother . "
tr	PRES	But the time draws swiftly to some great conclusion .
tr	PRES	" Slut , " Laura hisses under her breath .
tr	PAST	Under the table , Hutch clasped her hand .
tr	PAST	Sometimes he destroyed Drake before coming after her .
tr	PAST	The chef flicked his cigarette away . '
tr	PRES	He hugs Nicholas , but I know from the way he glances at me that he was too late to help him .
tr	PAST	Another deer hopped through the tall grass , disappearing into the trees .
tr	PRES	I rip my eyes from his .
tr	PAST	I never experienced anything like this in our time .
tr	PRES	Mr. Percy 's proud smile fades , and his demeanor turns serious .
tr	PAST	Grace stiffened at Connie 's cold expression .
tr	PAST	Michaels stifled his mirth , hiding a grin behind his hand .
tr	PRES	" She sure favors her mama , thank the Lord , but anyone with half a brain could look at her and see your eyes . "
tr	PRES	The floor creaks from the other side of the room .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over Evan 's face and his lips tug upward into a sad smile .
tr	PRES	Her black curls tickle his nose .
tr	PAST	Inez slapped his hand away with a chuckle .
tr	PAST	When her mittens hindered his efforts , he gently tugged one off .
tr	PAST	And on this rough ground , she feared for the animal 's safety , not to mention her own .
tr	PRES	Reeve flashes me a private grin .
tr	PAST	" You bleed , husband . "
tr	PAST	The breeze strengthened , and became a whirlwind .
tr	PAST	" Please , " he 's saying , his voice urgent , panicked .
tr	PRES	Owing favors to men like him was dangerous , but did she really have much choice ?
tr	PRES	Jase 's head snaps around , eyes wide .
tr	PAST	Julia retreated to one of the bathrooms in order to slip into something seductive .
tr	PRES	Even in the South we can tell the difference , " she teased .
tr	PRES	The swan shifter ? "
tr	PRES	His dad 's face growing purple .
tr	PAST	The announcer 's voice boomed again .
tr	PRES	you know her don 't you Katherine ?
tr	PAST	The lock and the hasp shattered .
tr	PRES	As she does , she explains the various processes and procedures .
tr	PAST	She jabbed him hard in the side to make her point .
tr	PAST	Surprise washed through her , especially since she hadn 't danced with anyone other than her aunt and uncle .
tr	PAST	Rachel strongly doubted it , and yet both the President and NASA had plenty to gain here .
tr	PRES	I lean up against him for support .
tr	PRES	" By silence , I assume you mean kill ? "
tr	PRES	Like the strike of lightning , Nash reaches in and snatches the keys from the ignition .
tr	PRES	Someone he respects . '
tr	PAST	He squinted at me . '
tr	PRES	" Mr. Allen , " Laurence said , " signal the attack . "
tr	PRES	" Oh hush . "
tr	PAST	In the distance , behind the vehicle , something shuffled across the road , a raccoon or maybe a possum .
tr	PAST	Margaret stood in front of her , hands clasped .
tr	PAST	Brenda cocked her head to one side , confused as to why Sakura would say those words to her all of a sudden .
tr	PRES	And now ... " Scandal sells , baby , or haven 't you realized that ? "
tr	PRES	I padded down the hallway .
tr	PRES	Turns out it 's terribly convenient for poking around a palace . "
tr	PRES	Alec reaches into my glass of lemonade and pulls out another cube of ice .
tr	PRES	I 'll remove my death from your hand , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ! "
tr	PRES	" Shit , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	Dervish glances back at the orange window , still open behind us .
tr	PAST	" Have you visited here before ? "
tr	PRES	Her face draws a blank .
tr	PAST	She steadied her gaze on him , refusing to back down .
tr	PAST	I untied the last knot from around the animal 's hind legs , readying myself for a kick , but the beast remained motionless .
tr	PAST	The seatbelt retracted , and I slung my bag over my shoulder and reached for the door .
tr	PRES	Hot breath tickles my ear , and he whispers , " You 're so damn beautiful it hurts . "
tr	PRES	Up in her office she reviewed the video footage as well as other data gathered from the sensors .
tr	PRES	" Wrong , " Dr. Flynn corrects him .
tr	PAST	Kate produced a pen and Patty , who had joined them , wrote it all down .
tr	PRES	Opening the door and pushing his way in , the English soldier begins to look around .
tr	PRES	" Is your sister really here , Byron ? "
tr	PRES	Now , where to , Lexi ? "
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	I yawn , feeling exhaustion overwhelming me , not to mention the idea of being in the same room as Alex is making me feel sick .
tr	PAST	Has anyone ever solved that mystery ? "
tr	PAST	Steve created new discussions that talked about his experience in the capital city , especially the wall .
tr	PAST	" I can 't ... last ... much ... longer , " he grunted between thrusts as he continued loving her .
tr	PRES	I yell feeling pain .
tr	PAST	" He is , " Siri lied .
tr	PAST	" A couple of years ago , " he says gently , " I recruited a boy into our society who could call the rain .
tr	PRES	He likes you , so he 'll listen . "
tr	PAST	No , no , no , Julian babbled .
tr	PRES	However , when he shot the tire , Mr. Sommers overreacted , lost control of the car and ended up dead in a ditch .
tr	PRES	" That 's none of your business , " she hisses .
tr	PAST	Lindsey cocked her head at me .
tr	PAST	" Here we are , " the driver announced .
tr	PRES	It changes at its creator 's whim and behest .
tr	PRES	" No signal . "
tr	PRES	Ashes surround you , drown you in pain .
tr	PRES	Besides , you 've sketched a lot of people who didn 't know you were scrutinizing them so closely , I assume . "
tr	PRES	" One more slice , and you 're free . "
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	" Oooh ... " " Dangerous , " Ivy said , folding her arms .
tr	PAST	The room 's occupants perked up , several men standing and straightening their clothing .
tr	PRES	... awakened with a couple of red spots on the side of her neck when she was dating him .
tr	PRES	When she 's not sketching or writing , L. likes to cook , read , and play with her Siamese kitty .
tr	PAST	Opening my eyes back up , I shove the shifter into reverse and back up off the bridge .
tr	PAST	Sunday morning , beams of sunlight pricked her eyelids , forcing her to open them and greet the day .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and quickly set me on the ground .
tr	PRES	" Oh dear , I almost ruined it .
tr	PAST	Instead hatred and bloodlust lingered there .
tr	PAST	Maybe later on when I get my practice stabilized I 'll consider it . "
tr	PRES	Vain attempts at raising money , if Lord recalled what later biographers had concluded .
tr	PAST	I inhaled , suddenly excited , much more than I 'd thought I 'd be .
tr	PRES	Miller opens the door and climbs out , leaving me sitting for a moment in the warming sun that 's filtering through the windshield .
tr	PAST	" You haven 't moved , " he stated .
tr	PRES	Sleep if you want to .
tr	PRES	" Wedding presents . "
tr	PAST	Xavier Reeves probably painted it to represent solitude .
tr	PRES	The captain returns ; everything is in order .
tr	PAST	The laughter and crashes radiating from the room proved there were some kids stil here over summer vacation .
tr	PRES	" So are you , " I retort automatically .
tr	PRES	But she hears me , and she 's hurt .
tr	PAST	Memories of that terrible night in the E.R. tormented him .
tr	PRES	It snaps and crackles as if the flames were cheering us on , applauding our efforts .
tr	PAST	Wrinkles adorned his face in loose creases and his hair was beginning to thin and had turned almost completely white .
tr	PRES	" Good night , " I mumbled and turned on my heel , heading back to the bedroom .
tr	PAST	He attempted a smile and failed miserably , looking once again toward the crowd .
tr	PRES	' In Paris ? '
tr	PRES	The light flashes to go ahead and cross the street and I step off the curb .
tr	PRES	" Good bye . "
tr	PAST	He grunted and went up the steps , squinting and shielding his eyes from the sun .
tr	PAST	The women at the surrounding tables shrieked and demanded their own kisses .
tr	PAST	Ellie 's face reflected both mingled hope and mortal terror .
tr	PAST	Though he began to act fatigued and left a gap in his attacks .
tr	PRES	" All batteries to open on target weapon stations and engines during first pass .
tr	PRES	" He tends to our wounds . "
tr	PAST	Ten years older than Mother , my father ruled the household with an iron fist .
tr	PAST	I can handle them , " Alex stated with confidence .
tr	PAST	Yes I 'm aware of their mission , " Susan grunted .
tr	PAST	Connie screeched , " # 30 !
tr	PRES	Marching toward his foe with bad intentions , Ganondorf throws a heavy punch , expecting the hero to dodge .
tr	PAST	She smacked her palms against the wall and closed her eyes .
tr	PAST	I described how they had focused in on me .
tr	PAST	Johnny said , echoing my thoughts as he stepped out of the conference room , the redhead trailing behind him , her hand clutched in his .
tr	PAST	He itched to get off stage as the rumblings from the audience grew .
tr	PRES	She grabbed his hand and yanked him deeper backstage , past two animal cages holding white poodles .
tr	PAST	" So much waiting to be revealed .
tr	PAST	Julie sensed Pete inviting them towards a better time , and her boldness stretched to Kim heights .
tr	PRES	As they walked , the young nieces scattered petals on the path in front of her .
tr	PAST	When necessary , she donned more feminine attire , but that wasn 't often .
tr	PAST	Once clear of the doorway , she transferred the weight of the basket onto her hip , freeing a hand to guide Charles back to the house .
tr	PAST	The bolt bounced right off her . "
tr	PAST	The Drifter shimmied up , Prudence strapped to his back in a sling .
tr	PAST	I flung myself into her arms ... and went flying to the ground behind her .
tr	PAST	Even if the rest of the town wasn 't totally okay with that motto , everyone in their group supported that stance .
tr	PAST	Agatha , Alex , and Mazie froze .
tr	PRES	' Just relax , Pol .
tr	PAST	Payton preferred to wait and see where Lea was going to strike next .
tr	PRES	He falls over me and bellows a hiss that threatens to blow out my eardrums .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , but I 'll keep my calendar clear . "
tr	PRES	Josie enters stage right , notices him , and stands in the far upstage right corner holding a pole .
tr	PRES	The bartender sees them and says , ' What is this , a joke ? " '
tr	PAST	And then , a week later , he proposed .
tr	PAST	He dimmed the green flame until it was simply a ball of light , his eyes still on mine .
tr	PRES	' Ah , another mystery , eh ? '
tr	PRES	" And I assume that ' do some living ' now includes you ? "
tr	PAST	Some emotion she couldn 't possibly name engulfed her as he flattened his palm over her belly .
tr	PRES	It helps at least that I know they don 't want me dead but I can 't fight them all , not this time .
tr	PRES	He stops at the end of the line , behind the last person , and shifts his weight to one foot .
tr	PAST	I Grab hold of Aline and embrace her , squeezing her tightly .
tr	PRES	I smack Ellis in the arm .
tr	PRES	" Trent ... don 't ... , " Yuri begged .
tr	PRES	Then , Paris disappears , and the next thing we know he 's dead .
tr	PAST	The portal wavered as the house itself fought back , trying to heal the rift , but whatever was tearing the entrance held firm .
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE ME ! "
tr	PRES	" If the shoe fits . "
tr	PRES	I lean down and scratch his ears .
tr	PAST	Lucas urged her down , then he followed and closed the door , once more sealing the underground communications chamber .
tr	PAST	" When he learned you had been sent away , he stormed into this very room and demanded that we bring you back .
tr	PAST	And then he stormed out of the party , so I chased after him ; I mean I couldn 't let him drive like that .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Lydia ? "
tr	PRES	Contents Chapter Six " My two favourite heroes ; slide inside and begin the ride . "
tr	PAST	A wistful smile curved one side of his mouth .
tr	PRES	" This fin they 've found underwater ? "
tr	PAST	He swiped at his stinging eyes and came away with blood on his hand .
tr	PAST	Then he withdrew and began the tortuous tease of rubbing himself against her swollen cl * t and folds .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes carefully , but could not see her face .
tr	PAST	In the privacy of her room , he stripped her of the bloody nightgown and slipped her into a clean one .
tr	PAST	I hooked my arms over one of the black shutters so I would have a better grip and to take some of the pressure off my legs .
tr	PRES	While his father fought invaders and traitors , and died so that others would have a chance to live . "
tr	PAST	I cocked my head at him .
tr	PRES	A hairless mouse that transformed into a fish if you dropped it in water .
tr	PAST	Unseen shields protected them from above and afar .
tr	PAST	The stranger clutched his wounded arm ; a pained expression crossed his face .
tr	PAST	" Of course I forgive you , Mom .
tr	PRES	His eyes bulge from his face , bloodshot and cloudy .
tr	PRES	she murmurs as I ever so slowly inch my tongue into her mouth to seek out hers .
tr	PAST	He angled his head toward her just as she arched up on her toes , her face tipped .
tr	PRES	She hears a key going into the exterior lock and then the restroom door slams open and the voices are just a few feet away .
tr	PAST	She sped away , her dark hair flying behind her , her thighs clenching the powerful animal beneath her .
tr	PAST	Reaching over , I slap Titan 's hind quarter as hard as I can , sending the horse barreling forward .
tr	PRES	" Uhm , Bryce ... " I started , hesitantly .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and reached for a paper towel to blot her eyes .
tr	PAST	" But at what cost ?
tr	PAST	Shabby chic described much of the cottage 's furnishings .
tr	PAST	His arms convulsed around her , his expression still jittery .
tr	PRES	The graying Amity man opens a door on the left .
tr	PAST	A groan pierced the air .
tr	PRES	" Subtle force causes even opposing countries and governments to join together in a common cause -- and that is why this facility is under attack .
tr	PRES	" This is the worst , " Sali mumbled hopelessly .
tr	PRES	Please , " he begged gravely .
tr	PAST	His growl vibrated against my clit , his pleasure feeding my own .
tr	PAST	Her body stiffened again and she started to pull away but glanced at his sling and stopped then her eyes flew to his in fear .
tr	PAST	" Dean , please , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" What if the locomotive never reaches the place we need to reach ? "
tr	PAST	She held on to Renata 's hand like a lifeline , her other hand fisted in the silk coverlet on the bed .
tr	PRES	His arm snakes over my stomach and his fingers tickle the spot of skin just beneath my ribs .
tr	PAST	he urged , holding a grape in front of her face .
tr	PRES	" You look nice , " Tammie comments as she puts on her jacket .
tr	PRES	" As long as he learns and graduates . "
tr	PAST	As he did so , he motioned , still naked , towards Chrissy .
tr	PRES	The door to the room opens and a nurse walks in .
tr	PRES	In answer , Deb simply holds her left hand up for us to take a gander at .
tr	PRES	Martin stops , hoping he hasn 't said too much already .
tr	PAST	Then we each spit on our hands , smacked our palms together , and the deal was struck .
tr	PRES	" A family reunion . "
tr	PRES	Tears once again prick at my eyes .
tr	PRES	" We long believed Hick 's mission had failed , " Red states with surprise .
tr	PAST	Studying that square jaw softened by sleep , shadowed with stubble a shade darker than his hair .
tr	PAST	I replayed our conversation .
tr	PAST	" Your face , I 've seen it before , " he rumbled from his gut , his accent equal parts Vietnamese and English .
tr	PRES	He immediately stops banging his head on the wall and gradually turns around to face me .
tr	PAST	Esme pinched the flesh of her pinky , the pain focusing her thoughts as the tip turned bright pink with blood .
tr	PAST	East Wembley committed a turnover and Matt ran down the court and took his place on the left wing .
tr	PAST	They required too much trust , and trust was something she didn 't have anymore .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to use a healing rune ? "
tr	PRES	" Without you , my heart stops singing .
tr	PRES	And Nathan hates the idea of me dating anyone .
tr	PAST	She eyed me up and down without shame as James introduced me .
tr	PRES	" Well , still ... " " What brings you out to Cape Elizabeth ? "
tr	PAST	Now , I also carved this stick to a sharp point .
tr	PRES	He inhales slowly and then lets the breath ease out of his lips .
tr	PAST	" Fine , " I exhaled loudly , too tired to argue .
tr	PAST	When his teeth nipped my ear lobe , I clutched the front of his shirt in both hands .
tr	PAST	' It 's working , ' Xander dared to whisper .
tr	PRES	she mumbled into the pillow .
tr	PRES	" Ah , there you are , your highness .
tr	PRES	He steps back , dark bangs falling across his forehead .
tr	PAST	Brian 's mouth curved in a rueful half smile .
tr	PRES	" She loves you more than she loves me but not nearly as much as I love you . "
tr	PAST	Just the barest touch of his mouth to hers and fireworks exploded inside her .
tr	PRES	Cooper stands , " I 'm going to lean you to the side so I can get your pants on the rest of the way . "
tr	PRES	" Sloppy work tends to be habit-forming . "
tr	PRES	" My god ! "
tr	PAST	As the figures wound their way through the camp , he risked the strong winds and zigzagged through the trees .
tr	PRES	Because she needed Drake .
tr	PRES	" Any more overnight visits ? "
tr	PAST	I screeched , and attempted to straighten my legs .
tr	PAST	" Leave her in peace , " one of the men rumbled .
tr	PAST	Then her tongue emerged , licking at the liquid before it could reach her lips .
tr	PRES	He points at my face .
tr	PAST	The guards froze , then took their hands off their swords .
tr	PAST	The worry I felt transformed and lifted , a throb of anger forming a lump in my throat .
tr	PAST	" Hardly , " I said , silently cursing that my voice broke on the single word .
tr	PRES	" No more lies , Lara . "
tr	PAST	I purposefully gathered only the inner most ring of the stones , it lessened the feeling of disturbing something sacred .
tr	PRES	We march at the same pace as before , but anxiously now , aware of the demon 's warning that death would strike today .
tr	PRES	" Here he talks about finding the dormant bulbs , but he never says where to find them .
tr	PAST	She treated everyone alike with formal , distant , kindness .
tr	PAST	I awoke the next morning to the sound and smell of bacon frying in a skillet .
tr	PRES	" What if he loses ? "
tr	PAST	Maggie fidgeted , a timid smile on her face as she looked between my mother and me .
tr	PRES	The crystal ball falls from my fingers and crashes against the floor , breaking the outer shell and rubies and water spills out onto the porcelain floor .
tr	PRES	" What about the other vow ?
tr	PAST	I commenced to settling in my seat .
tr	PAST	Doubting himself , he circled the two .
tr	PRES	He throws a ball at Bad Day who dodges in a blur but doesn 't fire back .
tr	PRES	As soon as Holder faces forward , the laughter at the table behind us bellows throughout the lunchroom .
tr	PRES	The radio towers at the top of Capitol Hill .
tr	PRES	Beyond him , Rachel lies completely broken .
tr	PAST	Then , he painted the trim .
tr	PAST	The child reappeared in front of me aiming at my chest .
tr	PAST	Wrinkles carved through her forehead , stealing the pretty girl who had just handed him a beer .
tr	PRES	Yes , you witch .
tr	PAST	Anna scrolled down the screen .
tr	PRES	" Not Fae . "
tr	PAST	I steered her away , mumbling something about mistaking him for a friend from home .
tr	PAST	All around her screeched an awful noise , but it did not have the ominous feel that the Nothing had possessed .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck and slipped a kiss behind her ear , then helped her into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	He dumped their bags on a large wooden trunk beneath one of the five windows punctuating the walls .
tr	PRES	His words flow quickly and are filled with concern .
tr	PAST	Panting breathlessly with him as our hearts slowed down .
tr	PRES	When my heels click on the temporary wooden floor of the tent , the pair evidently remembers my existence .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	All around us , the jungle falls quiet .
tr	PAST	Her fingers flicked over her possible choices like a hummingbird around a trumpet vine before landing .
tr	PRES	Them folks boil my blood . "
tr	PRES	For a moment his arms closed protectively around her , his chin resting on the top of her silky head .
tr	PRES	Echo stands apart , staring at Byron with shock and loathing .
tr	PRES	Her grip on my hair slacks , but before I can pull away , I 've been tackled to the floor .
tr	PAST	Jim shrieked and was immediately held by two men .
tr	PAST	She 'd panicked and pushed hard enough to break his grip , but it had been a mistake .
tr	PRES	She deserves better , deserves to live in the moment .
tr	PRES	Guess what , she loves Italian just as much as you do .
tr	PRES	" You 're taking the truck , " he mumbled stubbornly .
tr	PRES	" Wow , a little freaked out that your opinion of me is that high .
tr	PAST	Six The medic named Weil didn 't come back in the morning .
tr	PRES	" To the Dark Side ? "
tr	PAST	I squinted at him .
tr	PRES	The businessman in me respects it .
tr	PAST	When she squirmed again , he abandoned all pretense of teasing , caught her bottom in both hands and lifted her up onto him .
tr	PAST	I chased after him but he climbed over the fence before I had even reached the edge of the yard .
tr	PRES	" You , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Were my orders not relayed clearly ? "
tr	PRES	" I-I 'd need to think that over , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	The success of her plan hinged on his response and she waited , almost afraid to breathe , for his answer .
tr	PRES	" This is logical since a baby rarely dies until attacked by a wild animal or a terrible fall from a cliff face , " exhales .
tr	PRES	" What kind of mother lets her son go traipsing off across the country after a freaky looking Emo girl he hardly knows ?
tr	PAST	" Oh , yeah , " Blondie chimed in .
tr	PAST	And Celt 's eyes reflected the true heart of the breed .
tr	PAST	John skipped several steps to one side and closed his eyes , knees bent , fists ready .
tr	PAST	Mana selected three volumes from the bookcase and looked out the window .
tr	PRES	His hand slides from my h * ps and his fingertips dip into the front of my panties .
tr	PAST	The sunlight reflected off the phone 's screen , and I instantly regretted it .
tr	PAST	On the way to the White House the car Secretary Maynard rode in slowed down to a crawl as if it had suddenly started moving through syrup .
tr	PAST	It revealed me ; all men knew the veiled Queen .
tr	PAST	The bell chimed a second time and in strolled Susannah and Colette .
tr	PAST	' The house probably collapsed years ago . '
tr	PAST	Some claimed that it was the " twelve linked chain of causation . "
tr	PRES	" You do know there 's software for such things , " I teased , no longer feeling queasy .
tr	PRES	" What of Eva ? "
tr	PAST	He eyed me over with his golden eyes .
tr	PRES	This shadowy enemy he mentions ... they could have infiltrated the government 's inner circles . "
tr	PAST	Dryad coolly reflected it back turning the ball of flame into a pool of water at his feet .
tr	PRES	When Lara was five years old , she overheard her father say to one of the boarders , " The wrong child died , ye ken .
tr	PRES	" First Aphrodite joins the council .
tr	PRES	The crowd cheers and laughs .
tr	PRES	" Any radio preferences ? "
tr	PAST	I restrained myself from laughing in his face .
tr	PRES	After about half a mile , the caravan reaches its destination at the end of the tunnel , a large elevator shaft cut into the stone .
tr	PRES	I smack JJ 's helmet hard enough to make his head hurt , to make a point .
tr	PAST	In front of him he distinguished a shadowy figure , motionless .
tr	PAST	My friend collapsed while we were out shopping and she had to go to hospital .
tr	PAST	' You mustn 't do that , you know , ' I chided him , not even bothering to raise my voice .
tr	PAST	" Be there in twenty minutes , " he stated , and with a click he was gone .
tr	PAST	A trickle of fear crawled down my spine .
tr	PAST	I shrank back from the suggestion .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over me and I smiled to myself at his thoughtfulness .
tr	PAST	He slowly pitched forward from his knees onto his face and did not move .
tr	PAST	Roman stormed up the stairs and entered Chase 's office without knocking .
tr	PAST	I replayed that moment in my head nonstop .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sure he 's on the earth somewhere , " Mrs. Herz reassured her .
tr	PAST	Dan flicked on some lights over the piano .
tr	PRES	He sighs and puts his arm around me .
tr	PAST	" The window exploded . "
tr	PRES	It was giving off a cold , eerie red light , barely brighter than the house itself .
tr	PRES	She loves you so much . "
tr	PRES	She pushes her hair behind her ears .
tr	PAST	He crouched in front of her and reached a hand to her shoulder .
tr	PAST	Zack sizes me up before answering .
tr	PAST	Adam grunted as it plunged into his tactical vest as his body blocked the path to Abbey .
tr	PAST	He preferred not to play the highwayman again .
tr	PRES	Snickers echo through the classroom .
tr	PRES	Maybe someone spiked my drink .
tr	PAST	She pierced Richard 's heart and twisted the blade .
tr	PAST	Mei reported the same thing . "
tr	PAST	She emerged into the open of a clearing .
tr	PRES	" What about crew ?
tr	PRES	Instead , he releases me to the ground and scoops up the sword .
tr	PRES	Are there Reapers to fight ? "
tr	PAST	" And to think , you 're my Class Ten , " she joked .
tr	PAST	Nicolas sensed the flowers turn angrily west at him .
tr	PAST	Rocks zipped into the air from below , some cracking against the ramparts .
tr	PAST	The woman gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	" She looks a little old for you , Dad , " Cassie teased .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetie .
tr	PRES	He brings the glass back down on the table with a clink and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand .
tr	PRES	" Come for me , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	David stood in the doorway , his hair damp .
tr	PAST	I skipped the oyster this time , going straight for tequila .
tr	PRES	I untie the belt of her jacket looped at her waist , then undo each button on her coat , letting the fabric fall open .
tr	PRES	He paddles us toward the shoreline .
tr	PAST	During this time , a man named Ashoka became king .
tr	PRES	The guards file out reluctantly .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	New gang graffiti painted in red marks the warehouse across the street .
tr	PRES	She tastes like fairy tales .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Judge stands there in front of us , and I can 't tell if she 's deliberating or if we 're being silently dismissed .
tr	PAST	Nikolas extended a hand , and Liam took it .
tr	PRES	" And drugs , " I added , fists clench .
tr	PAST	I swiped a tear from the very tip of my nose .
tr	PAST	I braced my hands on each side of his blond head on his pillow , my nipples dragging across his chest .
tr	PAST	Humiliation washed over me .
tr	PRES	He glances over at Justin , who looks down , blushing .
tr	PRES	" What brings you this way ? "
tr	PAST	He padded across the study to a leather armchair and sat with hardly a sound .
tr	PRES	They evacuate tall buildings like that first . "
tr	PAST	I stomped on it , smashing the tiny villain into an unrecognizable pulp .
tr	PRES	She clutches my hair , covering my mouth with hers until we are kissing in a way that should light the nearby shrubbery on fire .
tr	PAST	Quietly , Josie dismissed the bailiff .
tr	PAST	Surprise reflected in her hazel eyes , then she shook her head , pushing gently at his chest .
tr	PAST	He desperately flapped his arms to keep himself afloat .
tr	PRES	Yogic philosophy lists three broad types of grief and pain for humans .
tr	PAST	" Mum , that bitch abandoned you .
tr	PAST	Age weathered what had obviously been a once impressive document .
tr	PAST	Trevor clutched the back of his head and squealed .
tr	PAST	Ah , Jim ... ' The coachman bore down on Moist , his enormous driving cape flapping .
tr	PRES	' But I -- ' ' I will brook no opposition to this , Frances .
tr	PRES	She noticed both her hands grasping the top of the dresser , her knuckles white with strain .
tr	PAST	Pointing his face upwards he unleashed it .
tr	PRES	How would she rate them ?
tr	PAST	Dax still saluted and walked back into the adjutant 's office .
tr	PRES	Come on lets get out of here ! "
tr	PAST	And Izzy cringed from the sound of cracking bones and watched Keita grip her hand and stomp her feet .
tr	PRES	I mutter under my breath .
tr	PRES	He never sees his children grow up .
tr	PRES	He pul ed out his arm , and Kylie expected to see a bouquet of some inexpensive flowers .
tr	PRES	Her fingers fold around my ribs as I hold the journal up , turning it to the page that I marked .
tr	PAST	A wide smile revealed few teeth .
tr	PAST	Luke claimed Nick was doing well working with Gio ; Max couldn 't imagine that lasting long .
tr	PRES	" I knew it , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" Is Raven all right ? "
tr	PRES	She winks and then waltzes down the hall with a little sway of her hips .
tr	PAST	She exhaled in pure unadulterated relief .
tr	PRES	I assume his internal expression is jealousy , so I go with it .
tr	PRES	And if we could get Veronique out of their tomb , Viggo and Mortimer could leave New York , vanish from the radar .
tr	PAST	Nick inhaled a pungent tang , but his befuddled mind failed to register its source until the bite of the horse liniment hit his shoulders .
tr	PRES	She watched his eyes darken , his mouth turn down , his nostrils flare .
tr	PRES	Nothingness changes into fear and panic as the memories hit me hard once again .
tr	PRES	I mumbled as I played with her breasts .
tr	PAST	" She quit the team she was on at the time and started this one . "
tr	PAST	Tom , or whatever the creature controlling him now was called , prowled slowly around Jacob , never taking its eyes off him .
tr	PRES	Good night Abby . "
tr	PAST	" Magic exploded within you when you fought Lord Loss . "
tr	PRES	Sarah tries to leave quickly but Sam stops her , understandably cautious .
tr	PRES	" The fact remains Alexie was severely stricken and Rasputin could quell the attacks . "
tr	PRES	" I hope you felt at least a smidgen of guilt back there , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He begins to feel a personal connection to the tiger and wonders if he feels it too .
tr	PRES	I touch his arm and he looks up at me , his gray eyes watery .
tr	PRES	You tempt me too much . "
tr	PRES	He tries to be angry with her , but it will not stay in his mind .
tr	PRES	It just throbs . "
tr	PRES	" Right , " Lennox breathes the word out .
tr	PAST	" You 'll be safe enough in my mist ; I 've carried others this way , " Ashe reassured the adults .
tr	PAST	Jeremy willed himself closer and found that his sight obediently moved towards the wreckage .
tr	PRES	My hand opens in horror , and the glass drops with an unimpressive thud onto the hardwood floor .
tr	PAST	Instead , he swiped the towel over his hair and beard a few times before letting it drop to the ground .
tr	PAST	The first is nitric acid or something similar , Nicolae identified .
tr	PRES	She glances over at me and smiles .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's eyes flattened .
tr	PAST	I chugged it down , though it tasted funny from sitting stagnant all night .
tr	PRES	" Will you please tell me " Tammy begged as she reached out for her friend 's hand .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the clean scent of the heather .
tr	PAST	He cocked his eyebrow .
tr	PAST	As she walked down the long hallway , witches emerged from smaller rooms , looking at her , but saying nothing .
tr	PRES	I shout back , " I will ! "
tr	PAST	He stomped off into the graveyard , feeling unloved and underappreciated .
tr	PRES	He tests the bridge for firmness and springs onto it .
tr	PRES	Nothing unusual down there . "
tr	PAST	When she saw Tim with his arm around Anne Marie and their heads together , she exploded .
tr	PAST	Boots roamed about in the large space beneath the table , seeking out fallen scraps .
tr	PAST	Lemon petted her as she went by her hand .
tr	PRES	He padded across the living room .
tr	PAST	It flicked a few strands of hair around my face .
tr	PRES	A sputtering of leathery eyelids .
tr	PRES	Answers the brown haired man , then he points at the second man and the woman beside him .
tr	PAST	Next morning , he posted a cash bond of $ 800 and walked out . "
tr	PRES	But for you , I sell it at $ 85 , " he smiled , his teeth bright .
tr	PRES	But this guy definitely hates Mortals as much as Abraham does . "
tr	PRES	It speeds out of me in desperation .
tr	PRES	" I would French kiss you if you weren 't g * y , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	" And if her garrison refuses to surrender ?
tr	PRES	Tobias enters the room a moment later , followed by Tori and Harrison .
tr	PAST	He slapped her harder .
tr	PRES	Nicolas raised his eyebrow , his tough features completely expressionless .
tr	PRES	But even work stops at some point .
tr	PAST	She unzipped it and pulled out an old photo album .
tr	PRES	I fondly recall the 60 's when sleeping on a mattress was cool .
tr	PAST	" No , it 's Santa , " he joked .
tr	PAST	His head exploded , just as anybody else 's might , when I misted inside it and blew myself outward .
tr	PRES	" You can do this , " I mutter , grabbing my bag .
tr	PRES	Technically , she belongs to Ellie here . "
tr	PRES	He plays some kind of children 's game ; roll to the end of the block without head or shoulders leaving the wall .
tr	PRES	Rising , he holds out his hand .
tr	PAST	" That 's not how you play the game , " he chided .
tr	PRES	" Very unprofessional . "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this the 21st Century ? "
tr	PRES	All the sly hints she 'd dropped that she was in Ashland to pay back her old friends and anyone else who 'd ever supposedly wronged her .
tr	PAST	Letting go of her necklace , she clutched Ivy tighter .
tr	PAST	He prayed to all the gods that Hector wouldn 't be angry with him for letting his bride ride in a chariot .
tr	PRES	I held out my hand to her , my face sobering quickly .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're the angel expert .
tr	PAST	If she noticed them looking , she acted like she didn 't .
tr	PAST	Graham 's bellow rocketed through the house .
tr	PAST	" He ruled a long time though . "
tr	PAST	" He created embryos without Eden 's sanctioned genetic code . "
tr	PRES	" What equation ? "
tr	PAST	+ + + How Long Have You Been Mr Jelly ?
tr	PAST	Echo sensed the horse wasn 't impressed with herself .
tr	PAST	He wrote information about their feeding habits and growth patterns , he calculated their strength and endurance , their vocal ranges and their coloration .
tr	PAST	An uneasy feeling stole through her .
tr	PAST	Before Ben even had had time to think about his dream let alone open his eyes , he sensed somebody standing in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Oh that 's great , Babe .
tr	PRES	Once he has a leg on each side of me , he uses his free hand to reach around and tug his shirt off .
tr	PAST	" Some release is good after such an episode , " he mumbled , clearing his throat .
tr	PAST	Watching him warily , Stacy shuffled forward .
tr	PRES	He opens my door and waits until I 'm settled to shut it behind me .
tr	PRES	" Plus , you do back dives . "
tr	PRES	" Landon said he was tired of life , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	" Doubtful , " the lean man sniffed .
tr	PAST	Her eyes shone up at him with innocence and pleasure , as if she was really enjoying being able to share all of this with him .
tr	PAST	He winds through the crowd after a couple of other kids in my direction , and I feel like collapsing with relief .
tr	PAST	I tugged on his backpack .
tr	PRES	I wince in anticipation because when the feeling returns , it 's going to hurt .
tr	PRES	" Life lesson son .
tr	PRES	Fin knelt beside a large gray wolf , his hand resting on top of its head .
tr	PAST	Dulcie leaped into action and took off after Hector .
tr	PRES	March to death then race to die .
tr	PAST	A grinning reaper clutched a scythe with bony fingers . "
tr	PRES	He glances at his poster one last time .
tr	PRES	I assume Corrado has arrived , but I can 't get him to answer a phone , either . "
tr	PRES	She enters the hot running shower drowning the sorrow of her new life as a second born .
tr	PRES	The number " 1 " shone on the veneer .
tr	PAST	" I fetched the others a short while ago .
tr	PRES	He talks more sense than you do recently . "
tr	PAST	I shrieked when I looked over and saw a beautiful , dark cherry wood baby grand piano sitting in the corner .
tr	PRES	" If you hadn 't already guessed , she hates me . "
tr	PAST	She dared Simon to argue with her word choice .
tr	PRES	They gettin mighty restless out there .
tr	PRES	Instead I witnessed a tower of lava falling before my eyes .
tr	PRES	Everyone wishes you were here .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and try to peer further down the passage but the darkness inside is so thick I can 't see more than two feet ahead .
tr	PRES	He glances at me then down to the note again .
tr	PAST	He mutters , " Yeah , yeah , " but doesn 't change the station .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth against the fresh stinging pain that stabbed through me .
tr	PRES	One drink holds you in thrall , giving the Fae a way to find you , no matter where you are .
tr	PAST	They crawled back up .
tr	PAST	I crouched and lashed out with one leg , sweeping both of his feet off the ground .
tr	PRES	Kelly tries , but she 's a girl and I hate to say it , but my mother 's worthless . "
tr	PRES	" You are one pushy cowboy , " she teased .
tr	PRES	My dad stands in the background , watching him yell at me , letting him vent , because everything he says is right .
tr	PAST	The thought of Garcia knowing that they were in San Antonio unsettled him never venturing far from Mike 's mind .
tr	PAST	" Same as being too famous , or too attractive , " she persisted .
tr	PRES	" Don 't go there , Josie , " she begged .
tr	PAST	His feet shuffled over the wood plank flooring .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , Gloria exclaimed , " Go get 'em Tex !
tr	PRES	I hiss into his ear .
tr	PRES	" Ass , " Demetri mumbled as he slowly approached the bed .
tr	PRES	" Six ... , " I mumbled , and regretted it .
tr	PAST	Ava lingered behind us , and I didn 't blame her .
tr	PRES	He stops speaking , his lip curling .
tr	PAST	Renna cringed with each noisy step .
tr	PAST	Outside , the wind screeched and hooted around the eaves .
tr	PAST	Here he lingered , afraid of going any further in this madness .
tr	PRES	She cautiously approaches him .
tr	PRES	The cellar stank of decomposition .
tr	PAST	Then Caine proved that his touch truly could create electricity as his finger returned to find a tiny pearl of pleasure .
tr	PAST	What particularly troubled Charles was why she had projected such an image ; she had to have a reason , but what was it ?
tr	PAST	" She was right , " he announced , shaking his head in bewilderment .
tr	PAST	And on the heels of that thought , more guilt piled on top of him for all the ways he 'd let her down .
tr	PRES	Then , the IG lid opens , revealing bright light .
tr	PRES	So instead , he read , the lights of a cool dozen oil lanterns steadily lighting the words in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Not a hint , but between us , Alfred , I have the impression he doesn 't like me very much . "
tr	PAST	" He protected me so that I could come to see you . "
tr	PAST	I backtracked to the night I met the celebrity darling .
tr	PAST	Jumbo further complicated the move by turning his body while holding Joey upside down .
tr	PRES	My sister hardly talks to me at home .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open in a scream , but nothing comes .
tr	PRES	A look of realization washes over his face .
tr	PRES	" Says the guy with his bag packed and tugging on his boots like he can 't get out of here fast enough . "
tr	PRES	" Will , you 're being a snob , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	" No , not okay , " I stated and lifted a hand to curl it tight around his wrist at my breast , making my point .
tr	PAST	He froze and stopped smiling .
tr	PRES	" You hiss just like a Purr kitten .
tr	PRES	Ben points to a house in the distance .
tr	PAST	' And that was more predictable than the sun rising every day , ' I scoffed .
tr	PRES	A dull laugh rattles through my chest .
tr	PAST	I shuffled out of the bed and stood to my feet .
tr	PRES	I sometimes ... yeah -- sometimes I just blurt out questions or say thing without thinking them out fully . "
tr	PRES	I mistook you for a prisoner who had failed to obtain the Word .
tr	PAST	Getting back up on one knee , I limped off to the side and looked all over the castle .
tr	PRES	" Talk to me , " I urge as I bend down to paint a bright red streak on her first toe .
tr	PRES	He whispers to my ear , that is a very distracting move young man .
tr	PAST	Wide brown eyes flicked up to him with wonder before she raced forward , not slowing as she barreled through the front flap .
tr	PAST	Were you checking up on me ? "
tr	PAST	He caressed the pictures before arranging them next to his gauges .
tr	PAST	Rina doubted that , but Colin obviously had issues with his adoptive father 's young wife .
tr	PAST	My mother stomped towards me , followed by three guards .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that right , Caitlin ? "
tr	PRES	She holds her hands up in her defense , but doesn 't back down .
tr	PRES	A small window slot in the door opens .
tr	PAST	Brandon cocked one disbelieving eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Last year 's hyperinflation destroyed international trade .
tr	PRES	She tries to lift the casket , but it is too heavy .
tr	PAST	Tears streak their way through the dirt on her face , leaving discolored lines down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Willing any remnants of Kelly the Klutz aside , she glided her hand along the door and slid her chain over the knob .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , I don 't kick too hard , " she whispers at me .
tr	PRES	This helps them to develop their understanding of how other people think as well as empathy and sensitivity to others ' needs .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure you know what you 're doing , Caitlin ?
tr	PRES	Her words echo in my head .
tr	PRES	Another fist slams into my face , this time straight for the mouth .
tr	PAST	In less than a minute , it has unfolded , opened , turned into a swarm of people and voices .
tr	PAST	" What about her ... identity though ?
tr	PAST	Or at least dumped there after being murdered .
tr	PRES	Sometimes love just sneaks up on you . "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and looked at him slyly .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the warning about Izzy , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	A plate of food in hand , Paige plopped into a chair under a palm tree with Nikki .
tr	PAST	Joshua catapulted himself over the nearest log and ran swiftly , but couldn 't get away from them .
tr	PRES	Something that had come up at rehearsal the night before .
tr	PRES	He pushes his way inside and I start to undress , taking off my shirt , leaving my standing in my bikini .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	She taps her screen , and everyone milling around the surveillance area gathers around her .
tr	PRES	" Ten thousand feet ... eleven thousand feet ... twelve thousand feet ... " Claire wished he would stop .
tr	PRES	Near the burned remains of the house .
tr	PAST	She then proceeded to unlock and remove her helmet .
tr	PAST	Jake grunted as he sipped at his coffee .
tr	PRES	I punch the name into the search engine and read the multitude of articles that are returned .
tr	PRES	The word amber draws to mind a few things .
tr	PRES	Some paranormal significance ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh my gosh , he still remembers that ?
tr	PAST	Our flimsy clothes exposed too much skin to the cooling night .
tr	PRES	Knox tries to hide his laughter by coughing .
tr	PRES	" With Mitch ? "
tr	PAST	He extended his hand and I met it with a reply of , " Nice to meet you Antony . "
tr	PAST	Nicolas nuzzled the top of her head with his chin and then looked at Gregori , dark anger rolling like thunder in his eyes .
tr	PRES	" YOU HAVE NO NEED TO THANK ME .
tr	PRES	I scratch at the back of my neck until it stings .
tr	PAST	The dim light that remained reflected off the dark blood that he slowly licked from his lips .
tr	PAST	' Government business , ' he announced pointedly , as he handed it over .
tr	PRES	The words flow from my mouth , each line an appeal to love the sounds like I do .
tr	PAST	Beth and Ainsley lingered with the children 's nannies to put everyone to rights , Ian protectively with them .
tr	PRES	' She owes us , doesn 't she ? '
tr	PAST	She accented ' breakfast ' with her sweetest tone .
tr	PAST	So it proved on this occasion .
tr	PRES	The chamber opens up before me into a large gulf , so wide that my torchlight cannot reach the other side .
tr	PAST	Brushing her hair out , she clipped it up to keep it off the nape of her neck .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands as he backs out the front door , then spins around and slams the door behind him .
tr	PAST	" The Ten Bel s , in Whitechapel .
tr	PRES	" Can you sing it again ? "
tr	PRES	" I du n no -- maybe we seen her before .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	He clutched his face .
tr	PRES	I wipe the blood out of my eye again and slowly sit up .
tr	PRES	" Mostly Civil War heroes .
tr	PAST	Mortimer urged her back to lie on the boulder as he kissed her , but then , much to her dismay , he paused .
tr	PRES	He tries to lift himself up and moans in pain .
tr	PRES	After a few minutes , they rumble beyond the last outskirts of Ft. Dodge and out onto the flat , endless prairie .
tr	PRES	Gage folds his arms across his chest .
tr	PRES	" I assume this young man falls into that category . "
tr	PAST	He pretended that it was an unimportant detail -- inconsequential compared to Perpetual Brett proposing to a woman he 'd never before met in person .
tr	PRES	" I th ... think so . "
tr	PAST	She clutched his ass and jerked him against her body .
tr	PAST	Nearly destroyed half the house . "
tr	PRES	Can you swim well ? "
tr	PAST	I pretended not to notice and took the cup Jonah offered .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with his lip ring .
tr	PRES	Hassler 's heart stops .
tr	PAST	He circled the room and came back to he was originally standing .
tr	PAST	Roth eyed Gerald with a measure of respect .
tr	PAST	Excitement washed over the lady as she would show Reece the different outfits and pieces of furniture that were to be distributed to the needy .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you vanish on me . "
tr	PAST	Vin regarded him in the darkness .
tr	PRES	They dwelt on the things others did or did not have .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and he smelled the sea , fresh , and clean .
tr	PAST	Her mind lingered on Anakin .
tr	PRES	" To a mundane ? "
tr	PRES	' To an extent .
tr	PAST	For them , talking with Ship represented the single rare absurdity of their records .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Georgina , I know what you said , but you have to try that on , " Maddie begged .
tr	PAST	Terry ceased screaming abruptly and began to fight in earnest , kicking with his free leg in an attempt to dislodge the two snake heads .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Easing back around , I gritted my teeth and ignored the flare of pain .
tr	PRES	She reaches in her pink sequined purse .
tr	PAST	When they made it back , up the flight of stairs , and inside the apartment , Liz quickly retreated to the bedroom to change .
tr	PAST	He clutched the package above his head .
tr	PAST	She inched her leg away and tipped her sunglasses , peering at him with one eye closed .
tr	PAST	Kathleen twirled her straw .
tr	PRES	" In the orchards . "
tr	PAST	In one hand , she clutched a sheaf of papers .
tr	PRES	" At least ten pairs , sarcastic one .
tr	PAST	He flicked the photo back to the floor , as if it was an unimportant piece of scrap .
tr	PRES	He pushes a hand through his hair then lets go , his fingers now touching my face .
tr	PRES	" They would , Jesus , but I haven 't told the doctors that we found this .
tr	PRES	" Something blocks the signals .
tr	PRES	" No one pays me that much , Taipan . "
tr	PRES	He holds my hand up to the moonlight streaming through the window .
tr	PRES	Casey holds out her hand .
tr	PRES	Instead it slides over the rails like some hidden , creeping thing .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , surrounding myself in his masculine , earthy scent .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened and he slid an arm around her shoulders .
tr	PRES	The door opens quietly and I get my first view of the physical embodiment of that strained voice on the phone .
tr	PAST	They conjured a scheme and pushed through the crowd .
tr	PRES	The sun 's spotless shine carries on its daily golden way to the Arabian countries .
tr	PAST	Wren plopped down on the mattress as I climbed in after her .
tr	PAST	I saluted and left .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , my love , " I lied .
tr	PAST	" If my father were here , he would blast you all the way to Valhalla , " Delilah exclaimed still angry .
tr	PRES	Or more specifically ... the Surrogate Sun . '
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PRES	" Who protects the barrier islands ? "
tr	PRES	Ali stared at her , the phone limp in her hand .
tr	PAST	Arabella perked up , sensing blood in the water .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this fabulous ? "
tr	PAST	He motioned to the door again .
tr	PRES	" If you aren 't two peas in a pod .
tr	PAST	" Oh yeah , " Ty practically crooned .
tr	PRES	Greg stands at the top of the room and I squeeze into a seat between Sinead and Simon .
tr	PAST	They both crouched to the deck and stared around .
tr	PAST	She downed this vial even as she reached for the obsidian daggers hidden beneath her pillow .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the haze lifts and an attractive man approaches me .
tr	PRES	" Leave me , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Wow , two sentences was one more than I thought I 'd get out of you , " she teased .
tr	PAST	She reflected , but went on .
tr	PRES	" I assume we 're going after that person spreading around pictures of you ? "
tr	PRES	For as long as I live , my heart and soul belong to you and no other .
tr	PRES	The vortex opens behind him , and I leap through , unable to bear the pain of this incarnation .
tr	PRES	" New witch ? "
tr	PAST	Jemma tugged on Tat 's arm .
tr	PRES	When they come through a Door , they engage this sort of ... phoenix effect .
tr	PRES	Who is this ... " Forte disconnected the line .
tr	PAST	Nolan 's eyes flicked up to the old man 's .
tr	PAST	For the vampire , they provided companionship and food , and in return received small transfusions of vampire blood at intervals .
tr	PRES	It bothers me every day that you can 't have a normal life anymore . "
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open with a start .
tr	PRES	" No crisis . "
tr	PRES	" He loves your treatment .
tr	PAST	Rhona crouched beside the carcass and proceeded to skin it .
tr	PAST	The dispenser tipped and fell sideways to the table , rolling over the edge , crashing to the floor .
tr	PAST	His head cocked to one side , allowing a curtain of silky black hair to fall over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Then , he exited the room and activated the latching sequence .
tr	PRES	I swipe my finger down over it and realize I just fulfilled Marshall 's prophecy .
tr	PAST	A middle-aged woman who had obviously been chosen for her job because she could intimidate Evander Holyfield , she eyed them suspiciously .
tr	PRES	He helps with cooking and cleaning .
tr	PAST	I wriggled my fingers in front of him .
tr	PRES	He passes me one as Julian and Kelly approach .
tr	PRES	" Only priests and priestesses ... " Her voice trailed off as she looked at the woman more closely .
tr	PAST	On the hillside above , Amy tugged at Munro 's sleeve , signing emphatically .
tr	PRES	" For a salad , or maybe a sauce . "
tr	PAST	He held his rifle with the butt resting on the ground as he stood casually , one hip cocked .
tr	PAST	I spewed steam from my nostrils until hot tears poured down my cheeks .
tr	PAST	I doubted if they were still inside , waiting for me , but I wasn 't about to find out .
tr	PRES	Much hotter then Italians .
tr	PAST	The wire to Panama bounced back - some $ 3.5 million .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER TEN The next couple of days were extra busy for Golden .
tr	PRES	" I was too slow , " she mumbled again .
tr	PRES	He stops short and turns to face me .
tr	PAST	She regarded him for a moment , studying his eyes .
tr	PRES	She whispers sweetly in my ear and takes hold of my hand .
tr	PAST	" A bodyguard ? "
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth to try to stop the shaking of her body .
tr	PRES	Especially someone with as much influence as that . "
tr	PAST	He battled the enemy in teams all the time .
tr	PRES	She points to Piers .
tr	PRES	Meera asks , then snaps her fingers at me before I can reply .
tr	PAST	" I have an apartment , " Daniel cringed as he referred to that place as an actual residence .
tr	PAST	Blue and white striped .
tr	PAST	" It 's hot in here , " she lied , trying to look normal .
tr	PAST	" No more , " she begged , the pleasure so intense it almost hurt .
tr	PAST	So fucking complicated it made him want to smash his head against a wall .
tr	PRES	" You have to do more than two you know , " he offers the young man three cigar fingers nice and closely .
tr	PRES	Twisting her hands nervously together , she mumbled , " I had them do a DNA test .
tr	PAST	Full blooded elves are extremely rare these days , mainly because their bloodlines have become almost completely entwined with humans . "
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked upward once , twice , and then locked onto their target .
tr	PAST	I slurred as the medicine took effect .
tr	PAST	Elijah stiffened and glared at the heavy curtains .
tr	PRES	What if I damage it ?
tr	PRES	I inhale the sedative , the world fades ... ... and the next thing I know I 'm waking up , confused .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her shirt , wishing she had something that flattered her figure more .
tr	PAST	She still prayed fervently to the gods at least once a day , but she couldn 't bring herself to feel the same way about religion anymore .
tr	PRES	Chapter 10 Jessie She was stalling .
tr	PRES	He sighs , locking eyes with me as if this were about to get serious and quick .
tr	PAST	Fergus pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PRES	Dante wraps an arm around Reece 's shoulders and turns to me .
tr	PAST	It curved upward and spun tightly in the air as it found its target .
tr	PRES	In a large pot of boiling , salted water , cook spaghetti pasta until done .
tr	PRES	My dad frowns , looking down at the table .
tr	PAST	She flung herself into a chair beside the blond queen 's divan .
tr	PRES	But quite frankly , those wide brown eyes of yours scare the crap out of me . "
tr	PRES	Every snake sheds its skin from time to time .
tr	PAST	" Father - " " Understood ? "
tr	PAST	A diaphanous garment swirled around her .
tr	PRES	He glances out the window .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , overlapping my hands on my knees .
tr	PAST	Puzzled , she regarded him .
tr	PAST	Eventually the screeching subsided , and Edwin took his fingers out of his ears .
tr	PRES	And his eyes weep .
tr	PRES	When she returns to the kitchen , she stops right inside the door , leaning against the jamb like she 's afraid to get close to me .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed loudly when he answered the phone , my voice echoing in the enclosed space .
tr	PAST	He donned a charming black suit complete with vest and bow-tie .
tr	PRES	And then a bubble bath .
tr	PAST	He was beautiful , his dark eyes flashing , that sinful mouth curved up with just the hint of a sexy smile .
tr	PAST	Elliot tipped her chin until she looked at him .
tr	PRES	A woman approaches the dimly lit restaurant with a pad of paper in hand .
tr	PAST	She submitted to the leather strap Bjorn knotted around her wrists , glowering at him when he pulled it tight .
tr	PRES	No one stops me , no one talks to me .
tr	PAST	She only provided the opportunity as an excuse to send home some of the peaches or pickles Grace loved , and maybe a few dollars .
tr	PAST	Emma cringed , but she didn 't stop packing .
tr	PRES	' Your wife lays your clothes out for you ?
tr	PRES	She inched towards me , panic sobering her quickly .
tr	PRES	Jasper wears the gravest of expressions .
tr	PAST	His brows pinched together when he looked back up at Trystan .
tr	PRES	I snuggle into Ketchup 's embrace for a brief moment before remembering myself and putting a little distance between us .
tr	PRES	" Anything is possible , " I murmur and start forward .
tr	PRES	Watching the tiger and deer sprint through the woods , the students huddle together , feeling a rush of adrenalin .
tr	PAST	The sweet odor she remembered swirled through her nostrils , and this time it was irresistible , like falling in love , like flying .
tr	PAST	Tufts of black hair sprouted from his ears , whilst his head was bald as a vultures .
tr	PAST	I slowly inhaled the thick air and pulled myself together .
tr	PRES	Lord Loss lets his gaze settle on me again .
tr	PRES	" Lazy sack of potato peels . "
tr	PRES	The wizards will find a way to break the bond , ' Bri begged ' There is no use begging Princess .
tr	PAST	I told her even if I were a less powerful witch she would never have enough power to overcome me , " Marguerite revealed .
tr	PRES	He points at my swords and then at his bells .
tr	PAST	She regained her composure remarkably quickly and adopted a clumsy defensive stance .
tr	PAST	He hooked his thumbs beneath the elastic of her cotton panties so he could remove them at the same time as her jeans .
tr	PAST	He sped up and came , pleasure ripping through him , along all the sensitive nerves .
tr	PAST	The locals carved the high mountain pass from the rock centuries ago and the route was treacherous under the best conditions , though traffic was nonexistent .
tr	PRES	It stands for a lot of things : a gift , sacrifice , death .
tr	PAST	Everyone froze -- even the cicadas that had been chirping in the trees and the crickets making music among the grass of the field ceased their calls .
tr	PRES	Zane shifted even further away from her , his chains rattling .
tr	PAST	With off-the-shoulder sleeves , low-cut bodice , and high waist , the dress featured no adornments of any kind .
tr	PAST	Jace , looking supremely unconcerned in his role of bodyguard , lounged against a chair arm .
tr	PRES	she snaps , glaring at him .
tr	PRES	" I meant ... metaphorically , " Sara mumbled her correction .
tr	PRES	The noise of the bar fades and I just watch Julie , the focal point in my blurry composition .
tr	PAST	Cassie froze ; her mouth dropping as the creature continued its silent death throes .
tr	PRES	Summer reaches over to my bedside table and switches on the lamp as I turn and shield my eyes from the light .
tr	PRES	She hears him curse and groan to himself .
tr	PRES	Moving down the aisle , she stops in front of Charlie 's desk .
tr	PAST	Rosa 's step faltered .
tr	PAST	I crawled into the luxurious covers of yet another of his ridiculously oversized beds .
tr	PAST	Jack endured six hideous months .
tr	PAST	Looking up through the windshield , he squinted against the hazy but bright day .
tr	PAST	They cost money to even submit .
tr	PAST	Chapter 11 I awoke early .
tr	PAST	She glided along gracefully , with a mischievous smile in her eyes as she observed the company .
tr	PAST	His voice pitched a little too loud just as the song ended and several people turned to look .
tr	PAST	Chicky 's niece Orla wasn 't sure but agreed .
tr	PAST	Working with The Eye , " she scoffed .
tr	PAST	I crouch in front of him , pulling his cuffed hands from his face .
tr	PAST	" So I cleaned out the fridge at home .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to ruffle Link 's hair , but Link steps to the side .
tr	PAST	From behind Vad , out of the shadows , Asha emerged and told Lina , " Welcome , Lina , to our coven .
tr	PAST	As soon as she 'd been clocked the old lady sped off with uncanny swiftness .
tr	PAST	She unzipped it as she spoke .
tr	PAST	Luc grunted as he adjusted Mille 's weight before staring at her .
tr	PRES	I lean back against the ornate sleigh headboard of my bed , the laptop warm against my legs .
tr	PAST	He eyed it suspiciously .
tr	PRES	His eyes shine with admiration .
tr	PAST	Horace handed over the freshly topped up tumbler .
tr	PRES	" How awful . "
tr	PRES	Poor boy always misses out stuff like these and those rollercoaster rides with twists and turns . "
tr	PRES	Fin lays down holding his pistol across his chest , but Cabal goes outside to take watch .
tr	PAST	The young lady produced a large tome with many blank pages within .
tr	PRES	From here on in , I think , the future belongs to those of us who live in space .
tr	PAST	My steps faltered as I ran into the water , not getting very far before a wave knocked us over .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , into the air , holding on to the side of the window with one hand .
tr	PRES	My heart actually stops beating for a second and I forget how to breathe .
tr	PAST	the queen sobbed , flinging herself into a chair .
tr	PRES	He winks at me as he opens his door .
tr	PRES	He flips the light on and leans back against the door , cursing playfully .
tr	PRES	" And I totally disagree with you , my American beauty with the sexy twang . "
tr	PAST	" You hurt me , Mon , " he grunted through clinched teeth .
tr	PRES	The little liar begins to shake her head , quite vehemently too . '
tr	PAST	Misguided miscreants swoop down out of the stars and chase the poor soul with their spaceship .
tr	PRES	Instantly realizing he intends to spit in his face , the king of thieves fails to control his rage .
tr	PAST	He withdrew the necklace and lovingly passed to Sarah .
tr	PAST	The Hanson 's doctor visited the day before and seemed shocked by how well Franz was doing .
tr	PAST	He fisted his hands against his hips and stared out at the waves .
tr	PAST	Lily slapped David 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	After which , his eyes glazed over .
tr	PAST	A few men smoked and waited , and they all had a guilty look about them .
tr	PRES	A grin plays at his lips and he smoothes his hair into place .
tr	PRES	When he glances up at me , the amount of emotion his eyes carry causes me to gasp .
tr	PRES	' You are licensed to ride after curfew , I assume ? '
tr	PRES	" I 'm gon na kill him , " he mumbled , just loud enough for my father to hear .
tr	PRES	She flinched , her brows pinching together in grief .
tr	PRES	The night belongs to me .
tr	PAST	Kelsey gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	For weeks the police and the Hunters attempted to keep up with her movements .
tr	PRES	He brings his tortured hands to the hood of the car , and forces himself to stand .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Andrea . "
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around me .
tr	PAST	Edward sat down and at last he wept .
tr	PAST	The girl , who he had seen at the window , never accompanied the man and the two lads .
tr	PRES	All the world loves an aristocrat in Dublin , unlike Paris !
tr	PRES	" Switch with me please , " Seth begged .
tr	PAST	I crumpled the letter into a ball .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not the most coordinated person , " I warn with a grimace .
tr	PAST	He exhaled hard , and a few uncomfortable moments passed .
tr	PRES	" This is what you do to monsters , " he states and he wraps his hand around hers .
tr	PRES	" Here , everyone likes water . "
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PAST	The stench of stale air mingled with garbage -- I would 've gave anything to trade my gas mask in for an oxygen mask right about now .
tr	PAST	He operated the stiff handle , closing it quickly behind .
tr	PRES	Though I have not taken a bite , I soar to the clouds as if I have .
tr	PAST	" For months I ached for you , " he rasped against her lips .
tr	PAST	Her eyes squinted as she looked through them .
tr	PAST	I tugged on my T-shirt , trying to stretch it past my knees .
tr	PRES	She quickly disappears around the corner towards her classroom .
tr	PRES	" No patience ! "
tr	PRES	With a shake of his head he lets my hand go and walks over to stand at the window , looking out at the slowly melting snow .
tr	PRES	Simon likes Fin . "
tr	PAST	My palm touches the exposed block wall behind me as light from the club filters in the open door .
tr	PRES	" So , dragon , " one of the males asked , " who are your people then ?
tr	PAST	Holding the note , Randy reread the brief instructions in the glow of his cell phone screen then shook his head again .
tr	PAST	Julian described her some further examples , but Mia wasn 't convinced .
tr	PRES	" Of course it did , " he mutters , picking up his glass and swirling the clear liquid around , his jaw visibly clenched .
tr	PRES	It brings on the flood of images that torments me , awake or asleep .
tr	PRES	" Poor Paul , to have to put up with all those people loving you and taking care of you , " Skyler teased .
tr	PRES	" The extent of his abilities remains a mystery to us .
tr	PAST	Warmth jolted down my spine .
tr	PAST	Selena flicked her eyes towards me , seemed satisfied I was not moving , and returned her focus to Benny .
tr	PRES	This lady , a woman of noble birth , loves me , an ordinary sailor man .
tr	PAST	The sight of the gray and maroon colors sometimes cheered me up .
tr	PAST	Her eyebrow winged up .
tr	PRES	" Since he really likes you . "
tr	PAST	Tanner 's hand itched to grip the stick of his C-17 , to fly , instead of being chauffeured around in a civilian air taxi .
tr	PAST	Apparently annoyed by the assault , the vicious flower charged toward Zoe .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and tilted her chin .
tr	PAST	When she got a chuckle in response she gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	" I think I 'm in love with you , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" And the cherry Coke ? "
tr	PRES	And for many generations it has been and will remain , I warn you .
tr	PRES	Jessie gazed with delight at the soaring colonnades , the semi-circular arches overhanging immense Venetian style windows .
tr	PRES	A voice enters my solace , ' I 'm sorry . '
tr	PRES	She begins to turn away .
tr	PAST	Jonesy dialed in full throttle to the ion thrusters and gradually their speed increased and so did their next two orbits around Earth .
tr	PRES	" You don 't need to , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Jack flicked his reins , and Ezra followed .
tr	PRES	" I snuck out ! "
tr	PRES	In old scrolls from the Overland , sometimes the figure of Death , in a hooded black robe , also carries a scythe .
tr	PAST	I thanked the captain for his help , and extended my hand towards him for a goodbye .
tr	PRES	Dad 's laugh fills the entrance hall , but I don 't hear any humour in it .
tr	PAST	" If you are even questioning it you probably should , " Adie advised .
tr	PRES	" My mum . "
tr	PAST	She exhaled , and tears tracked down her neck .
tr	PRES	- He disappears into ash .
tr	PAST	" Me , too , " she giggled .
tr	PAST	With a motion of his hand , he dismissed them and returned to his scraps .
tr	PRES	A ferocious crack splits the air .
tr	PRES	" Hi , " she beamed and pushed her hands forward .
tr	PAST	The Primes eyed up the food hungrily but looked to me again for advice on protocol .
tr	PRES	She likes controlling things .
tr	PAST	She clutched William 's arm .
tr	PRES	She sniffs again , and I know she must be crying .
tr	PRES	Chapter Twelve Terminal The ground fast approaches , and I shut my eyes .
tr	PAST	My hand engulfed his .
tr	PAST	He marveled that he could feel it , see it , be one with it .
tr	PAST	Then she extended a trembling hand back to him .
tr	PAST	Promise me , Hope , before I lose my mind , " he rasped against her neck .
tr	PAST	A quaint little ceremony , full of pomp and tradition , the sort of event which could only be staged in London .
tr	PAST	We all giggled at her comment .
tr	PAST	Once on the floor he exhaled slowly and allowed a silent prayer of thanks to ride across his breath .
tr	PRES	After that , the real work of building the Roboto Fascist state begins . "
tr	PRES	" Estimated time of arrival at Kunar orphanage 1100 , provided no enemy engagement , Sir , " Jones announces as he 's driving .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the lid and tipped it into Elizabeth 's mouth .
tr	PRES	" La Isla ? "
tr	PRES	She holds up a horseshoe .
tr	PAST	She elected to take two classes on Japanese history at one of the universities in the city .
tr	PAST	Kathy almost slapped the phone out of his hand when she had the opportunity .
tr	PRES	Brielle lets me in while wiping the sleep from her eyes .
tr	PAST	Finally finding the right section , she and Atlas navigated their way down the stairs past the other dogs .
tr	PRES	Ellis swears she was his first conquest .
tr	PAST	The rest of her wiry gray hair sprouted from the purple band like asparagus fern .
tr	PAST	Both Duncan and Gideon scoffed at these remarks .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something under his breath and wrapped his big hands around one of my feet .
tr	PAST	Doctors risked their lives more than people realized .
tr	PRES	" Kick , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	The phantom memory of the blinding pain lanced through her hand .
tr	PRES	I assume I 'm to leave immediately ? "
tr	PAST	The shadow sped up and was always right ahead of me .
tr	PAST	As he watched , she withdrew his cloak , the one he had taken from the Talon that had tried to kill him .
tr	PAST	The static froze one by one in the columns , the lasers stopped and the shields tightened .
tr	PAST	" My name is Brianna , " she mumbled " Let 's go around the table . "
tr	PAST	For now he replaced the card in Julia 's folder and shook his head .
tr	PRES	" That tends to happen when one of your ancestors sires offspring by three different women . "
tr	PAST	I hopped up to the curb and took a few steps before turning for the finish .
tr	PAST	The other men around him mumbled in agreement before going back to their tasks .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	He clutched his lapel in complete shock .
tr	PAST	Then , as quickly as it came , the staff withdrew .
tr	PAST	She looked at Nate again , her feeling of annoyance washed away by a wave of protectiveness .
tr	PRES	" Business dealings ? "
tr	PAST	In an instant , her mind replayed that scene .
tr	PAST	I would like to know what your connection is to our dear baron , " the scientist inquired .
tr	PAST	I cringed when I thought about how exhausted he was going to be after flying halfway around the world .
tr	PAST	But instead of shoving himself home , he clutched her hips and regarded her with smoldering eyes .
tr	PRES	No love only lust . '
tr	PRES	A small smile touches my lips .
tr	PRES	' Fate favors the prepared ; and such we shall never be , if this be our task . '
tr	PAST	The stack of tortillas shrank before his eyes .
tr	PAST	Even if it meant denying what he desired with every breath , with every beat of his heart .
tr	PAST	" I knew there was a reason we met , " Spencer teased , shoving Zach playfully on the arm .
tr	PAST	He merely restrained Jaxon with one hand .
tr	PAST	It only heightened her excitement .
tr	PRES	I drag the garbage bag toward the back door .
tr	PAST	" Let 's go back , " Newton pleaded , " its freezing out here . "
tr	PRES	" I abide the oath , which makes no mention of price .
tr	PAST	She froze where she stood , and her hand flew to her mouth .
tr	PAST	The soldier 's torn and broken body smashed into the armoured car 's side .
tr	PAST	Walter scoffed quietly , but he didn 't have a response .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand , and imagined that he was holding her at her waist .
tr	PAST	The expression on his face revealed a mixture of emotions .
tr	PRES	" But , uh , " I fumble .
tr	PRES	His hand touches my back , and I throw myself sideways , slamming into the hard porcelain of the tub .
tr	PAST	On his own , he threaded through dark passageways until he reached the mahogany door of Cardinal Bernard 's study .
tr	PAST	The physical pain provided the ideal excuse for the sobbing to start .
tr	PAST	He stiffened , his blood running cold .
tr	PRES	" Great ... you managed to get that , " I mumbled to myself , my hand going to my forehead .
tr	PRES	" Until it is one , then it stops . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry about it , Amaranth .
tr	PRES	The last of which had been riddled with doubtful whispers about his leadership .
tr	PAST	He inhaled as he took and took of her until she felt he 'd drawn her essence inside him .
tr	PRES	Viola glances up at the woman .
tr	PRES	Every little bit helps . "
tr	PRES	The buzzard swooped in , its tail prone , ready to strike .
tr	PRES	" Bat ... " " Do you know Rufus Hastings ? "
tr	PRES	Telling me she loves me .
tr	PRES	As they play hide and seek in the trees , Andrew hugs me .
tr	PAST	Sworn now to the Church , each served God as both warrior and priest .
tr	PRES	She bothers you with her indifference and insensitivity .
tr	PAST	" Stop , " I begged , knowing it was useless .
tr	PAST	I stared at my womb , I sensed a certain smugness emanating from it .
tr	PRES	She shudders , " August . "
tr	PAST	' Normal sizing ? '
tr	PAST	" Before you acted prior to thinking .
tr	PRES	" Alex Ramirez . "
tr	PRES	" A tractor . "
tr	PRES	His gaze flicks in my direction .
tr	PAST	Lara crouched down beside the dragons , weeping .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	The girl 's cell phone buzzed in my hand .
tr	PRES	But not my sweet grandchildren .
tr	PAST	Then she proceeded to call Chloe 's mom and add her into the conversation .
tr	PAST	" Look at those tiny little hands , " Jonas marveled .
tr	PAST	Local kid named ... " Cobb smiled .
tr	PRES	I shout at him and hear my voice drowned by the constant and devilish scream .
tr	PAST	This thought cheered him considerably , and he crunched up the bone with satisfaction .
tr	PAST	The busy days merged into weeks , and the weeks merged into months .
tr	PAST	" It 's called Valentine 's Day , you moron , " she announced .
tr	PRES	Only thing bothers me is my feet .
tr	PRES	We rebuilt it ! "
tr	PAST	Snoopy cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	Now and again , a sword or a shield flashes as it catches the amber light .
tr	PRES	" What mistakes ? "
tr	PRES	He glances at the garage door and then back at me .
tr	PAST	The corridor terminated in a bathroom , and what I took to be the master " suite " had a half bath attached .
tr	PRES	' Here lies the best hope for the Mages .
tr	PRES	Although I maintain veto on anything I disagree with . "
tr	PAST	After that , everyone mingled .
tr	PRES	" We banish them .
tr	PRES	The McCullough lets out a horribly childish whimper and crumples .
tr	PAST	Quickly , I strapped the body onto the string securely by his waist , before jumping down into the eye of the wormhole .
tr	PAST	He twirled the crayon in his hands .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth retreated without a word .
tr	PAST	The leader freed his sidearm , under no such restraint .
tr	PRES	I quickly cycle through his resume , though I know it by heart .
tr	PRES	He probably sneaks looks at everyone . "
tr	PRES	' Aunt Pol ! '
tr	PAST	Apparently I underestimated Tic charm . "
tr	PRES	The screams and shouts echo across the ravine beneath the bridge and knock sense back into me .
tr	PRES	We shuffle up the stairs ; Isaac behind us and Alex in front .
tr	PAST	Silence slapped the lodge and every face turned to Raven .
tr	PRES	If you slap the kid 's hand every time he reaches for the cookies , pretty soon he won 't reach so often .
tr	PRES	" Your tale fits the evidence , and I have a knack for spotting lies .
tr	PRES	" White collar crime maybe ? "
tr	PRES	She throws her head back and laughs .
tr	PRES	Holy Hades ' butt crack ... I did not want to piss Artemis off .
tr	PAST	The trees rustled overhead , the wind whistling until she could have sworn it all came together to play some kind of tune through the branches .
tr	PAST	The momentarily shock at my unexpected outburst lessened the pain slightly .
tr	PAST	Then the many conversations with Kay Quin swirled around her brain .
tr	PAST	Although , what he held puzzled us all .
tr	PRES	If it actually breathed at all and didn 't just exist on pure evil alone .
tr	PAST	She claimed I was worrying too much about one brief conversation with a nurse .
tr	PAST	The two hosts , standing side by side to greet their visitors , represented a quarter ton of good living .
tr	PRES	A neighborhood cathedral . "
tr	PAST	Smiling in unison , they dove back into their work .
tr	PRES	Cause I 'll just make the same mistake again " , James Blunt sings with his perfect teddy bear voice .
tr	PAST	Gray holstered his weapon and offered out an arm to get him back on his feet .
tr	PAST	They shattered at the impact as the two of them crashed through onto the kitchen floor .
tr	PAST	Another moment passed as Maynard regarded the proffered help then , at last , the men clasped wrists .
tr	PRES	First Thomas , now Cyril .
tr	PAST	A sizzle of relief tickled her .
tr	PRES	And he loses control .
tr	PRES	Adams clears his throat .
tr	PAST	The child 's death almost destroyed Helen - and her world is still frozen .
tr	PAST	He donned camouflage pants , shirt , and a toboggan .
tr	PRES	She hates to be kept waiting . "
tr	PAST	Her mother never wavered , when Ruby would ask her .
tr	PRES	" Please ... " she begged .
tr	PRES	" On the main drag , a couple blocks west of here . "
tr	PAST	I tipped my chin higher , using defiance to mask my insecurity .
tr	PRES	Nonetheless , she kills him .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands tightly in front of her in a clearly protective stance .
tr	PAST	Michel Foucault Charlie awoke still with the urgency he 'd felt last night , but it was just seven in the morning .
tr	PAST	Then she slapped me again .
tr	PRES	" Why Orphanage attendant ? "
tr	PAST	" Kiss me back , " he gritted against her lips .
tr	PRES	She points at my stomach .
tr	PAST	He cups his hand there , the pressure making it hard for a cogent thought to form in my head .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Helen shrank under the linens as her husband swung the door wide , allowing the servants to enter .
tr	PAST	He readied himself to react , but Hale still held a gun and he was unarmed .
tr	PRES	' And Doctor Cooper too . '
tr	PRES	" Your optimism continues to defy reality , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , but it hurt like a - " " Well , well , well , " Nicholas taunts us with smile .
tr	PAST	Tiny winged insects danced in the bright shafts , anxious to be a part of the beauty .
tr	PAST	" They claimed he failed it ? "
tr	PRES	What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	He dove under , his broad , powerful back skimming just under the surface .
tr	PAST	Troy slapped on the handcuffs he 'd kept attached to his belt .
tr	PAST	Harvey stiffened , glaring at him .
tr	PAST	The rest of the class proceeded in much the same way .
tr	PRES	' I apologise for the inconvenience caused to you , but we can take no responsibility for it . '
tr	PRES	How could Xavier intrude on dreams ? "
tr	PRES	" Come on , " DeeDee butts in .
tr	PRES	No one falls to their death if they 're inside a building .
tr	PRES	The moment passes rapidly , and then she turns around and runs toward Storm .
tr	PAST	Gracie relayed the conversation to him .
tr	PRES	Instead , those dark lashes lower and he looks to the side .
tr	PRES	The bluest of water lays beyond me in the form of a slow flowing stream .
tr	PAST	I froze as the sound of Bennett 's voice washed over me and swept down my back in waves .
tr	PRES	" That explains why Dad 's acting this way . "
tr	PAST	It washed over me with warmth , and things I didn 't want to remember .
tr	PAST	Later that evening they reunited at the White House ballroom .
tr	PRES	For favors , jobs , quarters , partners .
tr	PAST	Sage grunted again and turned away , mumbling something to himself as he disappeared into the shadows of the night .
tr	PAST	Mrs. K referred to both Julia and Patricia in a less formal way at each woman 's demand .
tr	PAST	He eyed his three companions curiously , " have not you three agreed to similar restrictions ? "
tr	PRES	' But , tell you what , I 'll do you a bacon sandwich , ' cos it 's you , Mr Spangler . '
tr	PRES	His thumb graces the outer edges of my smile .
tr	PRES	He glances at his wrinkled hands .
tr	PRES	What brings you out so early this morning ? "
tr	PRES	They exist only to do evil . "
tr	PAST	" Should I quit being Dan ? "
tr	PRES	His brown hair flips up beneath a black baseball hat .
tr	PRES	" He deserves a special woman . "
tr	PRES	Ha , Ha , Ha , Ha , " she laughed loudly .
tr	PAST	Once I got in our room and the door closed behind me , I unzipped Emmie 's dress and let it slip off my shoulders .
tr	PAST	" There has to be something I can do here that we can both live with , " she persisted .
tr	PRES	He stares off into space , his hand coming up to my face .
tr	PAST	" I couldn 't do it , " she lied .
tr	PRES	It then uses its upper teeth to pry open its food like an old-fashioned can opener .
tr	PAST	A promotional video package of Goliath training in a gym to heavy metal music aired twice .
tr	PAST	He cleaned himself off , then walked back to the couch .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Holmes ? "
tr	PRES	Her back arches with each buck of the machine and her hips swivel fluidly , like she 's connected to it .
tr	PRES	Anyway , she carries the Safe Passage Certificates , so there is no way around taking her along .
tr	PAST	" Yep , " Selena uttered sadly .
tr	PAST	Luckily , she restrained herself .
tr	PRES	Realm 's mouth stops at my ear , panting wildly .
tr	PAST	Aly dumped her purse to the floor and went straight for her room .
tr	PRES	" Don 't think about it now , sis .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ Jack swirled his scotch and watched the amber liquid race around the glass , unable to escape its confines .
tr	PRES	Saying the words aloud causes my throat to constrict so that I must pause a moment before continuing .
tr	PRES	So the town still plays up that part .
tr	PAST	Two players dove for it and finally one of the outfielders got his hands on it and threw it to second base .
tr	PRES	He mumbled to himself .
tr	PRES	Before boredom can lure her to sleep , she weaves more stems together .
tr	PAST	She giggled out loud .
tr	PRES	" Fine , I 'll go find him , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" I staked the bastard who came for me . "
tr	PRES	" Good night , Sloane , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	These other important factors greatly affect the use of such experimental results in predicting their implications for human treatments .
tr	PAST	Kaitlyn 's heart skipped a beat when she saw her future husband .
tr	PRES	" They weren 't hurting anybody , " I snap back .
tr	PRES	" Poor bike . "
tr	PAST	Keeley eyed his brothers with irritation , which amused Alaric .
tr	PAST	Mara shrieked and then her gaze moved to Callum .
tr	PAST	And he froze at the sight before him .
tr	PAST	That night I dreamed of my childhood Marbles ; I can 't think why I should for I wasn 't to see them again for years .
tr	PAST	Setting that aside , I pondered our next move .
tr	PRES	Brand clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Run headfirst into a fight .
tr	PAST	" He lied . "
tr	PAST	He unclipped a skeleton key swinging from a chain attached to his studded belt .
tr	PAST	Rather , he treated her as a live-in servant who should be happy to do for ole big brother .
tr	PRES	Kate paces angrily , her movements sharp .
tr	PRES	A blank wall blocks its end .
tr	PRES	And Dollar and that bloke he left with tonight . "
tr	PRES	The confluence warped the space around it , the spectral images the highway invoked bleeding together like a molten watercolor .
tr	PAST	She claimed he 'd taken hundreds of Polaroids .
tr	PRES	" And be sure and tell him that Arnie holds no grudges .
tr	PRES	She touches it so tenderly I feel bad tearing her away from it .
tr	PRES	But every grain of fear that 's ever been inside me rises .
tr	PAST	The elderly woman clutched her hands together .
tr	PAST	" I told them if they didn 't come -- we wouldn 't be friends anymore , " she lied .
tr	PRES	We wed in a fortnight . "
tr	PRES	the question pops out of my mouth before I have the time to consider it .
tr	PRES	" Nobody likes a smelly kid . "
tr	PAST	" It has to be now , because I am dying , " Milne stated plainly .
tr	PAST	Then the unique cruelty of locker room laughter slapped her in the face .
tr	PAST	Even Elijah cringed at the sheer volume of the bang .
tr	PRES	She wraps her tiny arms around me .
tr	PAST	As I studied the packet , a thick animal hair rotated slowly within .
tr	PAST	She giggled quietly ; it was a terribly cute noise , and also completely at odds with how I normally thought of her .
tr	PAST	and jolted forward , slamming into me and knocking me down .
tr	PAST	They exited the car and Anna made her way to the step that led from inside the garage to the house .
tr	PAST	Clint fanned his hand in front of his face and began squeezing around Edward 's bulk .
tr	PAST	He treated it almost like a child , taking a lot of time to make sure it was sharpened and clean for every mission .
tr	PRES	He reaches a hand toward me .
tr	PRES	" No one blames you .
tr	PAST	Then Ron scored again - we 're in the lead !
tr	PAST	" Good heavens , Ryan , " Lady Trenton exclaimed as she stepped forward , brushing him aside in the process .
tr	PRES	Over there , " she points out , another small room housing a lever slowly being entombed with sand .
tr	PRES	She chews the inside of her lip as she digests it all .
tr	PAST	Andrea stifled another growl .
tr	PAST	The valley stretched below them painted a patchwork of greens , with touches of reds and golds .
tr	PAST	The vampire crumpled as he cupped himself .
tr	PRES	And I sing then .
tr	PRES	Long lazy Sundays in bed , outings with other married friends , the joy of watching his mother and father gush excitedly over their baby girl .
tr	PRES	I recall talking about books on Friday .
tr	PRES	" What about Lydia ?
tr	PRES	" And from other houses .
tr	PAST	As Claire watched , a ray of light pierced the forest and shone out like a beacon .
tr	PRES	As we leave the room I retrieve my badge from behind the dresser and shove it in my shirt pocket .
tr	PRES	Hailey reaches forward and goes for the nipple clamps but I put my hand out and stop her .
tr	PAST	Tossing the phone back into her car , she stomped her foot .
tr	PRES	Silver moonlight shone on the barrel of the shotgun .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and let out a quick huff .
tr	PRES	gun , and tool kit .
tr	PRES	" I also , " Emma begins as she feels herself blushing ever-so-slightly .
tr	PAST	" You have to fix cars made by all those manufacturers , all designed differently .
tr	PRES	Again with the gut punch .
tr	PRES	In fact it really just ticked me off .
tr	PRES	" Good morning to you , Jackie .
tr	PAST	Her dark eyes bore into Michael 's , and it seemed that she might open her mouth to speak to him at any second .
tr	PAST	He preferred e-mail , faxes , and conference calls .
tr	PRES	" It kinda creeps up , like a cat trailing a squirrel .
tr	PAST	" Your wedding was already ruined because we were still married , " Colin countered .
tr	PAST	With shaking hands he squirted some of the fluid back into the air to prime the injector then emptied it into the already prepared intravenous line .
tr	PRES	I yell towards the vegetation .
tr	PRES	" And you Allie ?
tr	PRES	" Old woman , wears black . "
tr	PRES	They crash on me and I know they 're crashing on him too , judging by the look on his face .
tr	PRES	" No , he owes me . "
tr	PRES	Francesca talks a laundromat attendant into breaking her hundred and scores us some quarters .
tr	PRES	All evidence points to the fact that they had absolutely nothing to do with it -- they just happened to come upon the scene of the crime .
tr	PRES	" Fifty points if you hit it . "
tr	PAST	Ignoring the pain , she tugged on the chain again and yet again , but to no avail .
tr	PAST	He claimed her mouth .
tr	PRES	" The clubs ? "
tr	PRES	" The cafeteria . "
tr	PRES	" But it disappears right about ... here ? "
tr	PAST	He dared a glance up at her .
tr	PRES	Push too hard and you risked the consequences of a failed command .
tr	PRES	I value woman and wouldn 't want to play any games because I think they 're a treasure to us . "
tr	PRES	Some of the scientists nearby mumbled their congratulations and she acknowledged happily .
tr	PRES	Logan offers to drive me over in the Mustang .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , slashing and jabbing the air with it to test it out .
tr	PRES	The Detachment holds their breath , and for good reason .
tr	PAST	Her sleeve protected her from his touch .
tr	PAST	Adrian steered me toward a taxi that had , in fact , pulled up .
tr	PAST	Mr. Good stated , as if dismissing the praise , " The Phantom was a scout .
tr	PRES	" What haunting ? "
tr	PAST	She yawned at Alisa .
tr	PAST	The two craftsmen eyed one another .
tr	PRES	He glances at me , then wraps his arm around my shoulders , pulling me to him .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked over to Shane 's amused expression .
tr	PAST	He flung his clothes in every direction and moved to gather her even closer .
tr	PAST	I doubted Sean told Killian what he 'd shared with me about that .
tr	PAST	He swiped at his nose .
tr	PRES	Her inexplicably purple wall .
tr	PRES	Her face shone with the energy of a person who had much to say .
tr	PRES	A great , holy light of the sun opens upon the earth , and people are burned away in a flash .
tr	PRES	I crack the top .
tr	PRES	Wind an ' rain an ' heavy seas .
tr	PRES	" You 're right , " I mumbled instead .
tr	PAST	The once strangers piled out , guns booming , the dead falling .
tr	PAST	Hugo sensed Dollop 's approach , but not his intent .
tr	PAST	A weird weakness invaded her arms and legs .
tr	PAST	She propped her hand on her hip and glared .
tr	PRES	In time , they would wither and die , like petals of a flower cast into a fire .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here to the Goodman family estate ? "
tr	PAST	He pitched forward on the swinging walkway and saw only rocks before him .
tr	PRES	" If they were prepared , maybe - " " I thought the same , but they dragged her away howling .
tr	PRES	" He likes living in a remote location .
tr	PRES	" He loves you a hell of a lot .
tr	PRES	And I assume that Tonya Welton and the other Settler leaders would find it just as embarrassing if someone uncovered a secret codicil between us .
tr	PAST	Her fingers involuntarily clutched into his messily sexy hair , a whimper of bliss coasting her lips as Gage sealed his mouth around nipple .
tr	PRES	" No , by testing her mental and emotional states .
tr	PAST	" Well , " Aunt Theodosia flicked one of her quick glances at the governess and hurriedly looked away .
tr	PRES	Then I lean back and take in the sight of her , every speck of flesh , every freckle , every line of ink she has .
tr	PRES	When you put them on , it slows time . '
tr	PAST	I mumbled with more emotion than I wanted to admit .
tr	PAST	He limped his way over to Professor Anna and Aaron and sat not far from them , while having a brief look at their injuries .
tr	PAST	I willed the shower on and stepped into the cold water and hissed as it sent shivers throughout my whole body .
tr	PRES	Tears shone in his eyes , but they didn 't spill down his cheeks .
tr	PRES	She pul ed at them , finding where there was enough give to start cutting , and Stefan hissed in pain .
tr	PAST	She preferred Iris 's rebelliousness to Rose 's bland , empty submission .
tr	PAST	The last trembling echoes of her orgasm quieted , leaving small aftershocks tumbling through her .
tr	PAST	The kobolds ' faces reflected true fear as they disappeared from this world .
tr	PAST	He quickly retreated back towards Simone .
tr	PRES	" You have your father , " Mr. Kent offers .
tr	PAST	Renee elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PAST	His heart leaped within his chest .
tr	PRES	The man beside him stops him and pulls the ramrod out for him .
tr	PAST	Footsteps padded swiftly in the dark , and the warrior Heads gripped their weapons .
tr	PRES	Quinn stops before we enter and hugs me .
tr	PAST	Char presses her side to Garrett 's and lets out a happy sigh .
tr	PAST	" No way , there 's just a lot dust in here , " he joked , kissing the side of my head .
tr	PAST	I feared for the worst that they were patronising me .
tr	PRES	Weber paces , absently rubbing his bald spot .
tr	PAST	I screeched at him .
tr	PRES	The kerosene lanterns shone a warm glow on their faces .
tr	PRES	" These ants don 't seem to be infected , " Jack points out .
tr	PRES	" Don 't lie to me , Callum , " Rob snaps .
tr	PAST	" So am I , " stated Dr. Colbert .
tr	PAST	His hands caressed her narrow shoulders and back then released her intricate lace bra so that his lips brushed her upturned breasts before returning to her mouth .
tr	PRES	But she stops and shakes her head , then buries her face in my shirt and groans .
tr	PRES	" Cassie always wears her seatbelt .
tr	PRES	The whole family plays . "
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around herself and in the moonlight ; I can see that she 's smiling .
tr	PAST	One of her arms plunged between the planks into nothingness .
tr	PRES	It stands out against the dryness .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , not even willing to put up with her wrath tonight .
tr	PRES	" Nah , too scrawny .
tr	PRES	She still remembers what he said when she became an admiral .
tr	PRES	Grey sweatpants with a mustard stain down the front of them .
tr	PRES	I lean my elbows on the table and put my face in my palms .
tr	PRES	He ruffled her hair gently .
tr	PRES	She tends to do that when I get sick , " she responded " Alexa , why didn 't you call me ? "
tr	PAST	I panicked with worry that I 'd lost her so I drove the rest of the way to our compound .
tr	PAST	Brain functioning slowed to a crawl as I stepped out wide .
tr	PRES	" Especially the deepest wishes of our hearts . "
tr	PAST	" I always hated you , " Glenn slurred through his whiskey breath .
tr	PRES	She chokes and gags , trying to refuse it , but in the end she knows she can 't .
tr	PRES	Our manpower only helps supplement the energy shield of the Canyon .
tr	PRES	She releases her grip , and Temple falls to the floor , gasping .
tr	PAST	" Huh , " Ash grunted , but he was looking .
tr	PRES	" About a half mile that way . "
tr	PAST	The thought unsettled me .
tr	PAST	It even swirled in the air , in the few places where beams of light poked through shuttered windows .
tr	PAST	Raul shuffled his wide frame into the car and got into the driver 's seat , vehicle leaning slightly with his weight .
tr	PRES	I incline away from him .
tr	PAST	I exited the back doors of the palace and made my way down the hill to the garden .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , the imperious expression sliding off her face .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes a little exercise helps . "
tr	PRES	The old phone falls to the floor and breaks into pieces .
tr	PRES	The icy feeling of my Legacy tingles in my fingertips , passing through me and into Eight .
tr	PAST	Adrian emerged near the path I was running on , wielding a limb similar to the one I 'd just summoned .
tr	PRES	Skye crawls forward on her knees .
tr	PAST	Testing her feminine wiles , testing him , she teased his lips with a light flicker of her tongue .
tr	PAST	" Not as such , no , " Luster faltered .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the reins and we lurched forward at such a speed that it was hard to breathe for a few moments .
tr	PAST	She preferred not to follow up on that thought .
tr	PRES	He climbs up the ladder for the top shelf , shaking his head .
tr	PAST	They munched the chips and salsa , always kept at the bar .
tr	PRES	Slowly turning around , he sees Lucas with a patch over his eye and a sword in his hand .
tr	PRES	In truth I loathe antique stores .
tr	PRES	A sort of parallel universe swap .
tr	PRES	Comes back to the house and puts everything away and leaves .
tr	PRES	" She kil ed Junius . "
tr	PAST	She flicked it on .
tr	PAST	I crawled through the metal vent , making sure to nudge the grate back into place .
tr	PAST	Emily fled from the room .
tr	PAST	When two suns were present , this tropism adjusted to the radiation balance .
tr	PAST	Please , she prayed to her family and her friends .
tr	PRES	" Rein it in , Georgie .
tr	PRES	" Well , the Chancellor likes the way we work and wants to promote us as the future philosophy of Evil .
tr	PRES	I pressed my lips to her forehead and kissed it until the storm began to pass out of her , the sobs fading to whimpers .
tr	PRES	" No one throws that kind of a party around here .
tr	PRES	" Goodnight Ash . "
tr	PRES	" This concludes today 's business . "
tr	PAST	9 Hosni paced anxiously across the dank holding cell , the now slightly thicker layer of water on the floor sloshed beneath him .
tr	PAST	" There isn 't even a Greek billionaire in any of her books , " Aunt Vilma countered with a sniff .
tr	PRES	He folds his arms across his chest once again and looks down at the floor .
tr	PRES	Robbie tries to hand the front section of the paper to me , but I 'm already engrossed in an article .
tr	PAST	" Appendix , " I lied .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward a chair , and I took a seat , watching her do the same .
tr	PAST	If we were not in this narrow low corridor , I would ask you to demonstrate , " John exclaimed impatiently .
tr	PRES	" Actually the ones who claimed they weren 't vampires scared me more , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Marceline pops one into her mouth .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , his sickness finally cost him his job .
tr	PAST	Aiming the gun , she attempted to fire again .
tr	PRES	Nobody exits the coliseum for sometime , not even after Warrior and Dagger take wing and soar into the sky .
tr	PRES	I ponder his question , but mostly because I want to know what he was thinking about that made him ask it .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth , threatening to come out and play .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head back , angling it against his chest and looking up at his face .
tr	PAST	" None of this was about the taming , " Cosmo accused .
tr	PAST	Growing up in a beach town , I never experienced living in the snow .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth 's mouth curved into a beseeching smile .
tr	PAST	The blush deepened on his handsome face .
tr	PAST	Rhea giggled and smiled .
tr	PRES	Thomas , how would you disapprove !
tr	PAST	He flicked on the switch , but there was no one there .
tr	PRES	" No security alarms . "
tr	PRES	After these words , the general stands up .
tr	PRES	Gary trusts me when he doesn 't know half the truth .
tr	PRES	' Mr Fitzgerald ? '
tr	PRES	Drew looked at him quizzically , " Do you pray often ? "
tr	PRES	The man shook his head and stood up , blue eyes all watery with tears .
tr	PRES	" At least on two occasions . "
tr	PRES	Totally unaware of what he is going to do to me , he slams me into the light pole behind me .
tr	PRES	He signals for Gale and Finnick to join us .
tr	PAST	After my sister 's betrothal , I cleaned myself up .
tr	PRES	They affect the college you got into .
tr	PAST	With her feet now protected and warming , she donned her robe and tied it tight around her .
tr	PRES	" About earlier ... " I gulp .
tr	PAST	Karla tugged her towards the fringes .
tr	PRES	Auntie Lory disappears into the kitchen , and Blake starts to loosen his grip on me .
tr	PRES	Devon leaned over top of her , his chin resting on her head .
tr	PRES	" A puppy pile ? "
tr	PRES	" Or Duval ? "
tr	PRES	' So it stands to reason it must have come from one of the houses he robbed . '
tr	PRES	" Time to go , ladies .
tr	PRES	" We belong together .
tr	PAST	He hooked his finger around one of the suspenders attached to his loose brown pants .
tr	PRES	" The Self . "
tr	PRES	They dedicate entire days to broadcasting her music .
tr	PRES	Somewhere smack in the middle ?
tr	PRES	She sees my knee jerk reaction and sudden rare fury flashes in her eyes .
tr	PRES	He buzzes me through the last door and the smell of mildewed tile seems like a reward after the night I 've had .
tr	PAST	It curved slightly upward .
tr	PAST	Just the four of us , " she announced .
tr	PRES	Then I relax , and let the gesture force warmth into my body , which is chilled by damp clothing .
tr	PAST	The Falcon " How dare he ? "
tr	PAST	Sure Tanner joked with everyone else around the squadron , but he saved his irritation for her .
tr	PRES	When she turns around to face me she opens and closes her mouth a few times .
tr	PAST	As she pressed her awareness out past her two captors , she sensed other men .
tr	PRES	" Please try not to fall flat on your face , Stockton .
tr	PAST	He extended his claws , and got control of himself .
tr	PAST	The group stormed in .
tr	PAST	Claire giggled , and then punched Ryan in the thigh .
tr	PRES	" Because this all brings up an important matter we have to address about the corporate chain of authority now that Dad is dead . "
tr	PAST	I unzipped the hoodie and slid my hands beneath both his shirts .
tr	PRES	Those cut outs up there must be rows of windows . "
tr	PRES	" An appointment . "
tr	PRES	* * * * San Rafael Circle turned out to be one street away from the Arroyo Seco , the gulch that holds the Rose Bowl .
tr	PAST	Somewhere in that shedding of grief , Samuel withdrew from her mind so that when she stopped crying she felt an emptiness that stunned her .
tr	PRES	" No patrol changes so far .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and headed off , noting the security cameras everywhere .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and as Ember returned for another attack , Auron blew a cold wind at her .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , straining to think of anything but her smell or her soft hair against his chest .
tr	PAST	What he said before tormented my mind constantly .
tr	PRES	" Good to see you again , Jillian .
tr	PRES	" But she likes him . "
tr	PAST	Cal tipped back his head and poured down some cold beer .
tr	PAST	She massaged her temple , aware of a vague sense of weary disappointment .
tr	PAST	His glare disarmed her .
tr	PAST	The two men floated across the MAV cabin to the opening .
tr	PAST	He hugs me against his chest as I work to catch my breath .
tr	PRES	" Her lawyer ? "
tr	PRES	" Aw , Max , " Martin begins .
tr	PRES	The door slides closed behind us .
tr	PRES	" Sleep , now .
tr	PAST	I crouched down at the window and began to slide it farther open .
tr	PRES	She smiles , then lies flat on her back , tools at the ready .
tr	PRES	" The question remains , who were you working for ... and against ? "
tr	PAST	Generators hopped as if they were as insubstantial as Matchbox cars .
tr	PAST	For a moment , he doubted they would successfully land , because the instruments went berserk .
tr	PAST	" Trig created the process .
tr	PAST	I spurred my horse faster , with Lucan and Hecate directly on my flanks .
tr	PRES	Spotlights shone down , and the boy studied her in the manner of someone who is used to looking at rare , beautiful things .
tr	PRES	Mother holds her hands on the sides of her belly .
tr	PRES	Shouts and expletives echo through the dock as the two men angrily rebuke each other .
tr	PAST	Her good mood soured .
tr	PAST	" The One Beneath doubted my loyalty .
tr	PAST	The bird quieted and the wind ceased .
tr	PAST	Ash sniffed the air for her .
tr	PRES	Anxiety and trust wove a knot of conflict inside her .
tr	PRES	He likes spicy food , especially Mexican .
tr	PAST	The tear revealed my corset , but I was grateful for the distraction .
tr	PRES	" He wishes to be found .
tr	PRES	" The hell it is , " I mutter , scooping up my keys and heading for the door .
tr	PAST	Everything about her appealed to him .
tr	PRES	" Sean Kendrick . "
tr	PAST	Kylie preferred to stay at her own temperature , thank you very much .
tr	PAST	Mr. Thornton 's expression sobered .
tr	PRES	" I can get down with eating a lot , " I mumbled around a full mouth .
tr	PRES	All the while , she lets me .
tr	PRES	" But not unbelievable .
tr	PRES	" The wagon with the lantern . "
tr	PAST	They reversed course and tried again .
tr	PRES	" No argument from me . "
tr	PRES	He comments on how thin she is .
tr	PRES	Lights shone down and soldiers got sucked out of the ship .
tr	PAST	His gaze sought Mairi , and his heart splintered when he saw she was crying .
tr	PRES	" Miss Burke ! "
tr	PAST	John plunged his stick into the small pit and there was a dull thud .
tr	PAST	" I 'm finished , " he announced , jumping to his feet .
tr	PRES	" But maybe talking about it helps .
tr	PRES	It holds a tension that reminds me of when he 'd chosen to walk away from me so many months ago .
tr	PRES	Alaric glances at Liam .
tr	PAST	He clutched me even tighter .
tr	PAST	The interior yawned black and empty , and she took the first step into the front room .
tr	PRES	What I see in the glass consumes me .
tr	PAST	He balled his fist , wanting to destroy something .
tr	PRES	His fingers tremble as he unfolds it and then smoothes the creases out .
tr	PRES	" Well , it 'd certainly make your girlfriend feel better , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	He wagged his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	" You silly little girl , " taunted Cleaver as he calmly finished his tea .
tr	PRES	I shout again , but it only repeats its plea .
tr	PRES	I mumbled before heading off to find Macon .
tr	PRES	If it goes over well in Michigan , you add it to the national package .
tr	PAST	" You suggesting I 'd get hurt in a fight with Brett ? "
tr	PRES	Tom 's feet and trainers stink if he doesn 't wear socks .
tr	PRES	Those problems exist because of the intertwined nature of our two dimensions being in such close proximity .
tr	PRES	Vanessa Green slows way down so she can run beside me .
tr	PAST	I 'm getting to know him , " Skyler defended .
tr	PAST	The rifle slung over my shoulders tipped and knocked into the door .
tr	PAST	My fast beating heart slowed down , but the sweat didn 't stop pouring down my forehead .
tr	PRES	Anne immediately reclaimed Tom .
tr	PRES	Women adapt faster to a new environment than men and she looks more in place than me .
tr	PRES	' Pleased to meet you , Archie .
tr	PAST	" None bothered me so much as old Marley .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands nervously in front of her .
tr	PAST	She thanked him now for being here , but oh , how she would hate him and curse him when she learned the truth .
tr	PRES	" Is the duke aware of who you are , Mama ?
tr	PRES	Janie snuck a glance at Crystal .
tr	PAST	The car slowed as they pulled into the parking lot at the building 's rear .
tr	PAST	The other man extended his hand and Colin shook it .
tr	PRES	They snap pictures of almost every piece of art and painting ; and laugh and talk loud enough for the whole park to hear .
tr	PRES	In the middle of one of those battles , an English noble begins to question the position in which they find themselves .
tr	PAST	I crawled out of bed to find Grace .
tr	PAST	Bash 's eyes narrowed , " No , " Bash lied .
tr	PAST	Brooke inhaled slowly , exhaled through her lips .
tr	PAST	Chapter 3 Liam McCabe squinted at the setting sun .
tr	PAST	His Majesty honored the Pope with his courtesy .
tr	PRES	" It 's dirty work and I don 't like it , " he allows .
tr	PAST	The sudden clamor from the West side of the bleachers jolted Cory from his meditation .
tr	PRES	What if he uses the knife on me ? "
tr	PAST	She chanced a glance at his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled into the shirt , peeking out from behind it to make sure I hadn 't left him shirtless .
tr	PAST	With trembling fingers , she tugged at the buttons on his dress shirt .
tr	PAST	" Listen to me , " he steadied and leaned in to force her attention .
tr	PRES	" Hey Mitch , " she whispered as she stepped over him , padding down the hall to Kevin 's ' study . '
tr	PRES	- But everybody changes .
tr	PAST	She uttered curses under her breath in her native tongue .
tr	PAST	Lexi tensed , her heart plummeting .
tr	PRES	That changes things . "
tr	PRES	' However ... ' ' Shit , ' Julie whispers . '
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to answer me , but before he does , the fire escape door bursts open and several of the Ross brothers appear .
tr	PAST	I received several texts from Jackson throughout the day , checking to see how I was and making sure Craig was being my shadow .
tr	PRES	After surviving an outbreak in fourth grade , lice scare him to death , and that 's why he 'd never consider teaching at an elementary school .
tr	PRES	Now , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	The truck draws nearer .
tr	PAST	He leaped through the huge square hole where the window had been , broken glass clinking and crunching underfoot .
tr	PRES	Coal dust rises into the air .
tr	PAST	He clipped one of the Nazis in the side but pumped lead full into the chest of the second man before his weapon stopped firing .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Plants and cacti crumpled and died in a wide arc around us , but it was what I needed .
tr	PAST	The next thing I knew , I jolted awake , my heart pounding and mouth dry .
tr	PAST	That is so cheating , she accused , her cat 's eyes watching the vapor stream out of the deep pit up to the cavern floor .
tr	PRES	It changes what you think of as important . "
tr	PRES	Lying back down , Isabelle tries to relax .
tr	PAST	A small groan vibrated down my throat .
tr	PAST	" Well done , my Lord , for trying to kill him , " Eduard grunted and everyone nodded their agreement .
tr	PAST	Running the back of her hands under her eyes , she sniffed and then dropped her hands to her lap .
tr	PRES	" No , I , borrowed em . "
tr	PAST	The driveway zigzagged a bit so that the trees and underbrush hid even the gate from direct view from the road .
tr	PAST	It bounced off and hit the floor .
tr	PAST	She died when I was twenty , " he stated grimly .
tr	PAST	These things normally required a ' mating ritual ' of at least a couple of denials , before terms were aired .
tr	PRES	" You can let us out , " one mound sings .
tr	PAST	Instead , she raised her hand , her fingers curved into a claw .
tr	PRES	When I do , he slides the shorts on me , pulling them all the way up to my waist .
tr	PAST	His confusion only deepened .
tr	PRES	One woman in particular , Mary Harney stands out in my mind .
tr	PAST	She swiped at the tears in her eyes , but they weren 't tears of sorrow .
tr	PAST	She sped away , her robes flapping behind like great red wings .
tr	PAST	She froze , out of breath and realizing she couldn 't fight him anyway .
tr	PRES	My knees wobble as I amble out into the kitchen where Luke and Kayden are laughing about something at the table .
tr	PRES	The idea really freaked her out . "
tr	PAST	I feared for your well-being and thought I would drop by to check on you . "
tr	PRES	Callie 's voice rises over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Eve delicately twirled a few hanging strands of her daughter 's hair through her pointed fingers .
tr	PRES	A gold ring flashes on his finger .
tr	PRES	" It blocks the necessary word of the incantation .
tr	PAST	She grappled with it the rest of the way to the spa .
tr	PAST	Servants literally worshipped him and he liked his bed .
tr	PAST	An icy dagger pricked his stomach .
tr	PAST	The vehicle rattled slowly at first , and then faster until , from bumper to bumper , it vibrated like a plucked guitar string .
tr	PRES	He confronted me . "
tr	PRES	He sure loves this stuff , though .
tr	PAST	Her mentor 's chest ceased to move , his gasping lips retreated .
tr	PRES	" Going to kill me , sweetheart ? "
tr	PRES	' ' I du n no . "
tr	PRES	" He likes her .
tr	PRES	Maybe it tries to figure out what should be there and just tosses in something that looks right .
tr	PRES	Perhaps a chuckle here and there but out and out laughter ?
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her ear and rasped against it , " Maybe one day you 'll come to love me as much as I do you . "
tr	PAST	" Don 't go getting all girly on us , " Josef reprimanded .
tr	PAST	Emma 's shoulders tensed .
tr	PRES	Long minutes later , the bliss begins to fade and my head starts to clear .
tr	PRES	I estimate that three flights a month per shuttle are possible within twelve months .
tr	PRES	He loses his concentration and I drop back to the ground .
tr	PAST	A redhead writhed against the gold pole center stage , generous hips pumping .
tr	PRES	Somewhere out there lays a cave with a secret .
tr	PAST	I never blamed you . "
tr	PAST	" She was with him tonight , " Chloe announced , sounding like a spoiled five-year-old .
tr	PAST	They floated past a ledge that ran the circle of the tube , not very wide .
tr	PRES	" Or even a burger .
tr	PRES	I mumbled on about work , hoping that we would keep it professional .
tr	PRES	" Again with the drama , " she mumbled into her cup .
tr	PRES	A shadow falls over our table from behind my shoulder .
tr	PRES	I do this because I love you , my father 's ghost whispers .
tr	PRES	Jack dives onto the bed with his arms around me .
tr	PAST	She mumbled something under her breath and slammed the door .
tr	PRES	" She likes you as the girl who waits on her , not as the girl who is dating her grandson . "
tr	PRES	Hard sell , Ellie , I coached myself .
tr	PRES	She explains and I nod in understanding .
tr	PAST	I silently prayed he wasn 't going to boil the river water and use it for our drinking water .
tr	PAST	" You unleashed it here ?
tr	PRES	" You summon him .
tr	PRES	Someone clears their throat behind me .
tr	PRES	A young woman stands in the back of the room .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head , she scooted to the opposite side of the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Chief McCormick ... " The hand Irene laid on the police chief 's arm could simply have been a beseeching gesture .
tr	PRES	" I hate the news , " he mutters , eying the darkening day outside .
tr	PAST	It all shrieked of great wealth .
tr	PAST	The tip of the mound collapsed as a granular river cascaded down the side .
tr	PRES	The green in his eyes fills the room with majesty .
tr	PAST	" I 'd rather come and go by myself , " she stated firmly .
tr	PAST	Amanda crawled to her knees , yelling at me .
tr	PRES	It was all lies .
tr	PRES	Misty shone her light in front of her feet so she wouldn 't trip , but she knew the cubs could see well without it .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	She holds out her hand and reveals one of the stars that her mother made , resting in her palm .
tr	PRES	An authoritative knock that can only be my father causes a tidal wave of anxiety to crash over me .
tr	PRES	That left me with my father and the two vampires who continued to hold the massive front doors open , their faces expressionless .
tr	PRES	Six inches shorter , forty pounds lighter than him and still he felt intimidated .
tr	PRES	What if the boat loses power or crashes into another one ?
tr	PRES	I mumbled something like , " Thanks , see you in the morning , " and I got out pretty fast .
tr	PAST	James propped his hands on his head and breathed .
tr	PAST	Picking the phone up , she flicked it open to see " Daddy calling " on the screen .
tr	PAST	She Pulled a few choice coins into her hands .
tr	PRES	" Listen , " he begins , drawing in a breath .
tr	PRES	We march toward the doors .
tr	PRES	" You 're so easy to get excited , " I teased .
tr	PAST	" I destroyed that one easy enough .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " one of the guards breathes , bowing before her .
tr	PAST	Frantically , Julia flung out a hand and opened the drawer on the nightstand beside her bed .
tr	PRES	" Ugh , from that barbaric skating -- thing you do , I assume . "
tr	PRES	This brings me back to the fact that , contrary to popular belief , I am not a slut .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Dallas ? "
tr	PAST	I hopped off the hood and he got in the car .
tr	PAST	He started to get up , restrained himself .
tr	PAST	Or he sensed the difference in Ryder from wherever the hell he was before now and had to come investigate what was up .
tr	PRES	" Wow , two visits in such a short period , and you 're still wearing the same expression I saw on your face last time .
tr	PAST	and the torment washed over him .
tr	PAST	She quickly averted her gaze only to make matters worse when her eyes met his muscled arm in his tight t-shirt .
tr	PRES	Can 't he just relax ? "
tr	PRES	And sooner or later a wave of truth pulses wordlessly in the silence of space and time : How long can you be at war with yourself ?
tr	PAST	He doubted they would be able to manage the household , small as it was , without the assistance of their strapping son .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you in this part of the woods ? "
tr	PRES	With a defeated sigh and a small nod , Trent passes through .
tr	PAST	" The Shadow Stone cannot bring people back from the dead , " he stated flatly , it seemed at least some powers were beyond him .
tr	PRES	For a second , nobody says nothing , everyone just freezes .
tr	PRES	Anyone who protects my family deserves to be remembered as we pray . "
tr	PRES	One of them points at Nihil , who now is leaning against the wall , absorbed in thought .
tr	PAST	She claimed she knew how private investigators were supposed to dress because she 'd known so many stars who played those kinds of roles .
tr	PRES	Tanner 's brow arches in surprise .
tr	PRES	He stands up for the little guy .
tr	PAST	Maybe Mercer knew this , he reflected .
tr	PAST	" What about protecting her did I not make clear ? "
tr	PAST	Next , Ebon jabbed his elbow into the man 's throat , which knocked him off his feet and to the ground hard .
tr	PRES	" The source of the effect remains unknown . "
tr	PAST	Too Young or Too Old Tuesday 5th December 1944 In the last weeks of 1944 , Olive Sampson crumpled under the strain .
tr	PAST	She flicked her fingernail lightly over it and smiled when his body clenched in approval .
tr	PRES	That could have been me , " I shout at him .
tr	PRES	The Lynx glides effortlessly towards us .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but only because of those indigo knuckles .
tr	PAST	Outside and only seconds after Katherine and Barbara , Calvin hauled himself into the van .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at the window and sees we have a ways to go .
tr	PRES	Still , I dreaded the thought of what his reaction was going to be .
tr	PAST	Although he was able to maintain his composure until the guests left , he unleashed his anger on Cecily as soon as they were gone .
tr	PRES	hotel 's policy applies to other guests , as well as to outsiders . "
tr	PRES	He cracks a sideways smile .
tr	PRES	If we cannot buy it , then we steal it .
tr	PRES	Her hair the color of cliff grass rises and falls over her face in the breeze .
tr	PRES	His warm , smooth hand sent tingles up Spencer 's spine .
tr	PAST	Instead , he opted for whiskey .
tr	PAST	I yell , hoping someone would respond , but yet not wanting anyone to .
tr	PAST	It provided a pretty good vantage on my bra and cleavage .
tr	PAST	Seth described the situation to The Middleman , who didn 't really say anything back to him through the whole sordid tale .
tr	PRES	" It opens up new possibilities .
tr	PRES	" Yes , you did look like a damsel in distress with all your admirers fawning over you , " Sam teased .
tr	PRES	I arrive at the island after what feels like an hour but is more likely ten minutes .
tr	PAST	" My mother committed suicide .
tr	PAST	He sniffed , nodded , and pointed at the door .
tr	PRES	Tad matches her tone .
tr	PRES	" Is there dessert ? "
tr	PRES	I could almost taste him , the heavy breaths he panted filling the air , diminishing the space between us .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Garrett sighs as she drops Jase and me off at the hardware store .
tr	PAST	At that moment the ledge of soft earth on the side of the excavation collapsed under his weight .
tr	PRES	I snap , wiggling my way free of him and spinning around .
tr	PAST	" Have it your way , " the voice boomed .
tr	PAST	I hooked up with girls .
tr	PRES	Prague entranced you , lured you in , like the mythic fey who trick travelers deep into forests until they 're lost beyond hope .
tr	PRES	Alex loves antiquing , and it 's not very strenuous .
tr	PRES	A slight flush rises on her cheeks , and we both turn to look at the old woman sweeping out of the house onto the decking .
tr	PRES	You belong with us . "
tr	PAST	Rachel slapped a hand over her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Supposed to be a huge insult , only no one uses it anymore . "
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to slam the door on the large man as he bursts into the entry .
tr	PRES	He hates that I go out with the Keepers .
tr	PAST	" That 's right , " Colin urged .
tr	PAST	Large groups roamed the streets greeting everyone they could .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , sis .
tr	PRES	" There 's toast on the table , and gear for you over there , " he points .
tr	PRES	" And your language ? "
tr	PAST	Alex giggled as she clasped her fingers around Jodie 's tiny arm .
tr	PRES	The sun shone down on the rolling land with lush green hills , meadows , and lakes .
tr	PAST	It was so much like the dream , she feared to allow the girls out of sight , the rest of the night .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , his lips curved into a devilish grin as he motioned toward the list she 'd made .
tr	PRES	" How about Mark Bauer ?
tr	PRES	And then he stops , his fingers at rest deep within me .
tr	PAST	Why she 'd sensed a growing detachment in her husband .
tr	PAST	The ribbon free , he quickly tugged the lid from it place , allowing the contents to be seen .
tr	PAST	His hands caressed her hips , her thighs , as the pleasure mounted , as her body tightened , rising , rising .
tr	PAST	Still they danced , weaving a tapestry of mystery and spirituality and pure , raw sex .
tr	PRES	" This changes nothing , Low Born . "
tr	PRES	His right hand still holds the gun .
tr	PAST	" Tristan , I have so much I want you to see , " he announced as he entered my office and closed the door behind him .
tr	PAST	When they agreed she dismissed them .
tr	PRES	I sing of spring and winter , In my own jolly way to dim the sad Life !
tr	PAST	She rasped out a quick breath .
tr	PRES	Thinking on it now just brings me sadness .
tr	PRES	I lean closer to him and inhale .
tr	PRES	Then his voice changes from cold to understanding .
tr	PRES	Her voice softens as she slowly recites .
tr	PAST	Garrett froze , his cheeks flushing bright red , and his hands trembling a little .
tr	PRES	The dirt of the grave in which a vampire was buried holds special properties for that vampire .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , not sure how to answer .
tr	PRES	" That could take me a while , " he chuckles softly , quickly drying up when he sees the unrelenting look of impatience on my face .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Brock and Timmy , who proceeded to make their way toward the target .
tr	PRES	" They request time to draw up a proposal for peace . "
tr	PRES	" No snacks right now , bud . "
tr	PAST	" So , my child ... " Terra crooned .
tr	PRES	Her laughter on the edge of girlish giggles , shouting over the roar of the engine , " Faster , Eloy , faster ! "
tr	PRES	" Nobody I know likes Gina Brother , MJ . "
tr	PAST	Devon 's mouth curved into a harsh smile .
tr	PRES	" But if you think you can take her away from me ... " " Save your threats .
tr	PAST	" I received word today that the all state cheer competition will take place in Tacoma this year .
tr	PAST	Okay by me , " Ezra slurred .
tr	PRES	She slows a moment at the sight of me , but then continues past .
tr	PAST	Clang , clang , clang , clang , clang .
tr	PAST	Feeling her stir , Damen nuzzled her neck .
tr	PRES	He reaches down and brushes his fingers over my cheek gently .
tr	PRES	The traveler remains silent and I ´ m getting impatient and nervous at the same time .
tr	PRES	" Tell Eden to be ready at your complex 's entrance , " I shout .
tr	PAST	Karen emptied the Glock , Matt reloaded and fired once more .
tr	PAST	I eyed him warily and he made an X over his heart .
tr	PRES	" Did they teach you how to drive cars in that laboratory where you were locked up ? "
tr	PRES	He opens a file folder in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Single file ! "
tr	PAST	Hunter now sensed she was trying to tell him something .
tr	PRES	" Say it , " he whispers , taunting me with the tip as he moves in and out in quick , short strokes .
tr	PAST	In the kitchen , Julie reflected that Mike had the look of a nymphomaniac who 'd been stranded on a desert island for years .
tr	PRES	If you could buzz Gregory and ask him to settle her in the first-floor parlor , I 'll run in and get dressed , " I add .
tr	PRES	When he did , Tiny shifted the flashlight so that the circle of light included his large frame and simply murmured , " Boo . "
tr	PAST	Julian 's mouth curved in a smile as he leaned back on his heels .
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass .
tr	PAST	she hollered across to her friend .
tr	PAST	He immediately provided the map of the room for her .
tr	PAST	He reassured his mother the best he could .
tr	PAST	He hopped off the chair , flung his backpack over his shoulder , and headed for the door .
tr	PAST	Simon clutched her closer to him , giving her what little comfort he could .
tr	PRES	Sam talks mostly about the future , probably because his past hasn 't been so good .
tr	PRES	The sense of routine helps .
tr	PAST	He flicked the pack of seeds .
tr	PAST	All the girls squealed and jostled for position .
tr	PRES	They sell them a lot cheaper that way , you know .
tr	PRES	But then , just as I am about to explode , he draws away , leaving a soft trail of kisses descending down my inner thigh .
tr	PAST	Mist still lingered , hanging like a veil around the rocks and muffling the sound of waves pounding the shingle .
tr	PRES	Did the Pack piss someone off ? "
tr	PRES	She spears her dark brand of hatred into me .
tr	PAST	" Hold me all night , please , " she yawned and suddenly everything went black .
tr	PAST	His cry set off panicked alarm in the house .
tr	PRES	The door slides open , and I flash the sign that I need to get through .
tr	PRES	She 's ready to go , " she explains , handing the reins to Link .
tr	PRES	" Bite me , " I mumbled without looking at him .
tr	PRES	" He loves her too . "
tr	PAST	I cringed inside , but not wanting to be a poor sport , nodded in agreement .
tr	PAST	My fingers roamed over his bare shoulders and chest , and he sighed against me , sliding his hands up to tangle in my hair .
tr	PRES	" Probably getting their barrows blessed . "
tr	PRES	A few times tears threaten to spill down my face .
tr	PAST	Every sound she made pitched higher as she neared the peak .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips .
tr	PAST	They bounced off , and he twisted again .
tr	PRES	" This is only my second day , " I add , hoping it will make it an easier transition to a more comfortable rapport with Cherie .
tr	PRES	Good advice honey ' almost imitating Hannibal Smith of The A-Team .
tr	PAST	She sought Dominic 's gaze .
tr	PRES	It slides to the side and reveals a thumb pad .
tr	PAST	Gradually , her heartbeat slowed and her skin cooled , but not her desire .
tr	PAST	Both Jackie and Sabrina stiffened , but he didn 't feel like backpedaling .
tr	PAST	A slow smile curved the young girl 's mouth .
tr	PRES	" Weapons , " Joel corrects me but I wave him away .
tr	PRES	He throws a folded note at me .
tr	PAST	He pondered the answer and jabbed off the cuff to try and wring out some truth .
tr	PAST	Dust swirled around them from the collapse making Willow cough and sneeze .
tr	PAST	I attempted to close it behind me without making a lot of noise .
tr	PRES	Elliott , every girl here falls over for your casual sexiness .
tr	PRES	And big fat strawberries .
tr	PRES	Sarah tries to look surprised , as if she hadn 't been listening .
tr	PAST	James weaved his way through several beat-up cars and ragged trucks parked in the knee high grass .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Her arms circled his head to cradle him to her breast .
tr	PRES	" Tell me ... " Click , click .
tr	PRES	You connect with people realizing what they need , even when others don 't .
tr	PRES	He tries a spoonful of the stew and closes his eyes as he swallows .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't you warn Amelia about us ? "
tr	PAST	Franz caved in , and wrote his father a letter , to which his father didn 't respond .
tr	PRES	She loves me too .
tr	PRES	Then the recurring thunk !
tr	PAST	The old man sniffed .
tr	PRES	She giggles and looks in her rearview mirror ; I lean up and kiss her cheek , " Hey hot stuff . "
tr	PRES	I urge the children toward the wooden ladder that peeks up out of the hole .
tr	PAST	Got a touch of arrested development happening there ? "
tr	PRES	" Maybe it disappears when I turn .
tr	PRES	It signals the beginning of a new era .
tr	PRES	Our board chair tends to go on and on .
tr	PAST	He flicked his eyes up to meet hers .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're real and not just another Roth when you 're here . "
tr	PAST	My mother emerged from the bedroom , her hands knotting her bathrobe belt .
tr	PRES	But they feed on something huge .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not sure I can fit this in my purse , " I joked .
tr	PAST	Gossip and her own observations revealed Tanner had a relationship pattern .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it to reveal one of those Terms of Use forms that appears on every website .
tr	PAST	He squinted as he shielded his eyes to peer through the rain .
tr	PAST	Before she could find it , the squeal of rubber on the pavement announced the arrival of his transportation .
tr	PAST	Stella scooted down the wall till she was backed up against the sink .
tr	PRES	The deep amethyst flecks that were speckled through them shone brilliantly in the shadows of the store room .
tr	PAST	Shirley 's gun exploded .
tr	PAST	" That 's because I 'm not , " she sniffed .
tr	PRES	" Sail Ho ! "
tr	PAST	And then the wind faltered , and gave way to a throbbing silence .
tr	PRES	He steals an idol from an old ruined temple and some creepy black monkeys chase after him trying to get it back .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he countered , lifting her head so he could look at her .
tr	PRES	Fred Klein hurried in , his pipe stem sticking up from the handkerchief pocket of his Harris tweed jacket .
tr	PAST	She trusted Byron where she might not have any other .
tr	PAST	" Not based on what you told me .
tr	PRES	Her smile fades and I feel like a jerk for asking .
tr	PRES	Or no , many streams .
tr	PAST	A rogue thought diluted his adrenaline .
tr	PAST	The cab sped out of the parking lot and down the twisty , hilly roads .
tr	PAST	" In this case , I underestimated how much I need your help .
tr	PAST	She doubted Ethan would appreciate the work .
tr	PAST	Whatever it took , whatever it cost , Paul was going to protect her from the one thing she feared most .
tr	PAST	Her face transformed into a hideous shape .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" How about contemplating a change ?
tr	PAST	She glided to the window with purposeful strides , her knife in one hand , a gun in the other .
tr	PAST	" He lied to you .
tr	PRES	He slammed the door so hard , the window panes rattled behind their thin , ratty curtains .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and keeps working .
tr	PRES	' But time helps us get over these things .
tr	PRES	A beat of silence stretches between us and then he asks , " I know you said you 're estranged from your sisters .
tr	PAST	Across the cab , Stella crouched in a jump seat behind Kowalski , keeping her eyes glued to the left side of the cruiser .
tr	PAST	He steered the car through the wide ranch gates , kicked up gravel along the winding drive and then parked outside the front doors .
tr	PRES	" My wife , who I have loved for over two thousand years , lies in a sarcophagus as we speak .
tr	PRES	Suddenly she sat up , her eyes shimmering into his .
tr	PAST	Elliot stripped off his soaking shirt and changed it for a pullover , for the evening air was chilly .
tr	PRES	He uses drugs and hypnosis . "
tr	PAST	Rain soaked her , but she remained still .
tr	PAST	She was nearing middle age , her face heavily painted to disguise early wrinkles .
tr	PAST	She teleported it to me this morning .
tr	PRES	" Bind her , " the voice whispers .
tr	PAST	Comrade Doctor , would you be kind enough to administer the antidote . "
tr	PAST	The three fled ahead of the monstrous being , across bridges and passing chasms that each hoped would swallow the Iron God and his fury .
tr	PAST	" We 're done , Chad , " I stated , backing away .
tr	PRES	Frantic now , I scramble backward , as if I can somehow escape the stain despite the fact that I am wearing it .
tr	PRES	I yell as Zack pulls me into the tunnel .
tr	PRES	Lennox lays a hand on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Automatically , he adjusted Benson 's covers so he could look at the I.V. line .
tr	PRES	He points to tiny glowing dots scattered across the cell 's surface .
tr	PRES	The rain falls as hard , as unforgivably , as ever .
tr	PAST	Kirstie hopped to a stop between them .
tr	PRES	She just winks and says " We 're helping the democratic process . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened at his icy tone .
tr	PRES	' In the orchard . '
tr	PAST	Paul propped the pillow against the headboard , lit a cigarette and enjoyed his nicotine fix .
tr	PAST	The animal sensed danger , a predator stalking it .
tr	PRES	" I might have been thinking about you too , " I teased .
tr	PAST	She toyed with her hair .
tr	PAST	Inside , Danica silently cheered Michelle on for standing up for her mother , but she said , " Yes , she can !
tr	PRES	The ranch pays for itself .
tr	PAST	Melissa giggled again , singing along softly with her headphones .
tr	PAST	" The last time he attempted to ask me out , he spewed phlegm all over my shoes .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and place a gentle hand on Mr. Biology 's arm .
tr	PAST	It almost matched what I had with Sam .
tr	PRES	" Susan Caulfield , an opera singer , " beamed Bonnie .
tr	PRES	" He deserves it .
tr	PRES	Me [ 8th anonymous note put in your locker . ]
tr	PAST	It flapped its wings , sending a large gust of wind at her .
tr	PAST	But I thanked Mallory anyway and had the satisfaction of watching her flick fingers self - consciously through her shoulder-length hair as we neared the living room .
tr	PRES	" I belong here with Nolan . "
tr	PRES	The parasite affects their brain in such a way that they do that .
tr	PRES	" What , are you deaf ? "
tr	PRES	" Dom never lets me order food , because he says we will all get obese eating meals that I order . "
tr	PRES	Bellies grumble , lips crack , bodies ache .
tr	PRES	And a dying human brings only one thing .
tr	PRES	She sees the good in it all , because she doesn 't know there 's another option .
tr	PRES	The train slows into a station .
tr	PRES	But the car slows behind us and lingers .
tr	PRES	I add , hurriedly , " Sir , " because Dad once said that saying " sir " makes gentlemen out of ruffians .
tr	PAST	They desired to prevent their plight , but , a challenge obstructed their way in the form of a Citadel and an army .
tr	PAST	Patrick hollered , two sets of footsteps coming to a halt just out of view .
tr	PRES	He throws me a wink before turning back to the road , and somehow ... miraculously ... I find myself smiling .
tr	PRES	Amy throws her hands down and starts pacing around the Great Room .
tr	PAST	He prayed that the remaining bats could buy them enough time to get free of this cursed place .
tr	PAST	" No , John , I am unable , " Sarah claimed , unsteady in the aftermath of her rigorous ride .
tr	PRES	" My father loves me and will do as I ask .
tr	PRES	Dad carries my bag and basketball .
tr	PRES	" Did ya take notice of how them people back there was throwin ' eye daggers at each other ? "
tr	PRES	The night outside throws some dark blue light in , just enough for me to press myself against the bars and look in .
tr	PAST	Lola collapsed back on the bed next to me and pulled off the tie and her mask as she stared at me .
tr	PAST	" And I quit smoking .
tr	PRES	With every incision into my skin , the pain begins to subside as blood covers the floor .
tr	PAST	No , her car exploded .
tr	PRES	" No argument ! "
tr	PRES	" And her apartments !
tr	PRES	Then Piers pushes him forward and the four of them start walking faster now .
tr	PAST	" Oh , what the hell , " I said , spitting my petrified gum out the window .
tr	PAST	I caressed his hair playfully , but Alexander was serious .
tr	PAST	" It is St. Agnes Eve tonight , " Lauda announced , as if this were a matter of some importance .
tr	PAST	Clan graffiti adorned their bodies ; one of them had even had his arm carved , which must have hurt , for that stone cool troll look .
tr	PAST	The stretch limo slowed along the last patch of gravel in front of the house .
tr	PAST	" Mistress , the sun ... , " her younger sister urged .
tr	PRES	With that , he begins to ascend into his fortress , finally reaching the throne room with a sinister smile .
tr	PRES	He sighs and leans forward , speaking quietly .
tr	PRES	" I can 't right now , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	" Yes , actually , " Lisa lies .
tr	PAST	I doubted Katarina Fox was happy , not that I cared or anything .
tr	PRES	Harlin offers his hand , polite and genuine .
tr	PAST	Joe squinted one eye and cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	I dig my boot into the dirt , wishing I had cleats .
tr	PAST	" I even pinched myself to make sure . "
tr	PAST	" Now , don 't struggle , " urged Doctor Jones .
tr	PRES	" Yes , and exhaust myself for no reason , except your own obstinate nature .
tr	PAST	I cringed and shrank down in my seat .
tr	PAST	We slowed considerably because we were trying to see the house while staying on the trail .
tr	PRES	" Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PRES	He hates women , especially any woman who gives him the time of day .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches up and he slowly slides the ponytail holder out of my hair , which falls around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed green and his face was terrible .
tr	PRES	He likes to collect pelts and animal skulls and those types of things .
tr	PAST	Even a mouse walking across the road outside triggered a motion detecting camera that would record its every move until it moved away and stopped menacing us .
tr	PAST	Nik stiffened , accepting that the man was telling the truth about Tabitha .
tr	PRES	Eventually Alaric pushes Jake towards a crevice located high in the cave wall .
tr	PRES	A metal shard lies on the ground , forgotten .
tr	PAST	The dog emerged from the tent and approached the hedge , slowly wagging his tail .
tr	PRES	A thought occurs to me : Maybe she was invalidated .
tr	PAST	She giggled at his outraged expression .
tr	PRES	The fear returns , paralyzing me .
tr	PAST	Bran stares at the blood on Lorcan 's chest , head cocked sideways , not sure what to make of it .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , lass .
tr	PRES	Fans shout but I can 't hear them .
tr	PAST	As he progressed along the market corridor , men slapped him on the back and offered him a beer .
tr	PRES	" I 'm fine , " I grumble .
tr	PAST	I prayed to God that Stephanie was alive and that He wouldn 't take my adultery out on her .
tr	PAST	Dee 's smile froze into something colder .
tr	PRES	" I will , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	He inches a little closer to me .
tr	PRES	Reginald Ball was , as I expected , pacing nervously waiting for me in the parlor , sweaty hands dipping into the sweet tray .
tr	PRES	" But how , Maggie ?
tr	PRES	I snuggle up his body a little more so I can press my face into the warm hollow of his neck instead .
tr	PAST	This proved how much we knew each other and how well we worked together .
tr	PAST	No more lonely days , no more putting on my false face to the world , the face that pretended I was happy .
tr	PRES	I slap my face , blink , trying to bring my vision back .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you by tonight ? "
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked between hers as she flicked between mine .
tr	PAST	He required that I be sober for twelve weeks before he would even think about booking another show for me .
tr	PRES	Gavin flips Ethan off and soon my brothers toss insults like athletes toss balls .
tr	PRES	I assume she 's naming the plant for me , having rightly discerned my interest .
tr	PRES	Patrick Magee plays Professor Robert Miles , a medium who routinely communicates with the dearly departed .
tr	PRES	He glances up at the gravity tether emitter imbedded in the rock above .
tr	PRES	I stir my coffee .
tr	PRES	My gaze drifts down the hall to where Sean is talking to the doctor .
tr	PAST	One snaked around the perimeter of the stage , and the others huddled in dark corners , which lent to the aura of sensuality and privacy .
tr	PRES	" I assume he was afraid to use his secure cell phone .
tr	PAST	My entire body tensed , knowing that women just like Yvonne had met the same fate in my hands long ago .
tr	PAST	Entitled , spoiled rotten , stuffed full of self-importance and overindulgence .
tr	PRES	Dirk stands , tossing his arm at the MC .
tr	PRES	The blast strikes the colossus carrier and tears several thin towering pyramids from the dodecahedron causing fiery explosions to emerge from each rupture .
tr	PAST	Falling to her knees , she crawled closer .
tr	PAST	Her eyes grimly focused on the pack of the woman in front of her , she trudged through the heat of the afternoon .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a spot on the sofa .
tr	PAST	The pilots stowed it all away .
tr	PAST	I just prayed that she knew how good Tristan was .
tr	PRES	She just stares at me .
tr	PAST	" Well , Spencer , can I have the necklace ? "
tr	PAST	And then he downs his in one gulp .
tr	PRES	' Not until the clock strikes twelve .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the opposite side of the station from the parked snow machines .
tr	PRES	" So goddamn beautiful . "
tr	PAST	The setting sun washed their faces a warm orange .
tr	PAST	Nick rummaged through the various supplies in the bulky bag before finally pulling out two pistols .
tr	PRES	It slams into the Sentinel 's chest , sinking in to the hilt .
tr	PRES	Robin folds his arms across his chest like a stroppy teenager .
tr	PRES	Until the day that I picked up Paige Forrest 's hairbrush after gym class .
tr	PRES	" Oh relax ! "
tr	PRES	Retrieving his hat from where it had fallen in the hay , he turned and repeated , " Tonight , Miz Abby . "
tr	PRES	" We 're never on the same page , " I mumbled into my cup .
tr	PRES	The black stockings and the velvet ribbon .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" Oh , yes , and a thousand miles only begins to describe how far we can reach when we need to .
tr	PRES	Besides , how many men had their marriage vows witnessed by fire-breathing dragons and man-eating cats ?
tr	PRES	She never really forgave me for abandoning her , and when she came to live with my grandmother , she turned to her completely . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , that pisses me off too , Marcus , " I said , trying to side with him .
tr	PRES	' Oh , no , she never kills any ! '
tr	PRES	I assume it made you feel uneasy ? "
tr	PRES	" Now we feed it . "
tr	PAST	Beckett 's boots squished on the Persian carpet as he gratefully accepted the invitation .
tr	PAST	Simon 's mouth curved on one side .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the floor as he felt his brain get smashed over and over again .
tr	PAST	She inched out of the cave of her mind .
tr	PAST	I affixed the stone phallus to my waist and pulled my tunic over it .
tr	PAST	I broached my idea to the group at dinner one evening .
tr	PAST	One side of his lips curved up .
tr	PAST	The light from her desk lamp reflected off her own thick glasses .
tr	PAST	Warm tan walls boxed her in on all sides .
tr	PAST	Bart eyed Sally and chuckled , but she gave a thin smile in return .
tr	PRES	All the projects there undergo strict ethical reviews of course .
tr	PAST	They received an ever more frantic series of letters .
tr	PRES	The sight of eternity freezes the blood in my veins and the breath in my lungs .
tr	PAST	The hearth fire glowed with embers in need of stoking long ago , so it cast very little light into the heavy blackness .
tr	PAST	Nervousness tickled my stomach as I waited the two seconds for the door to swing open , and then I saw him , and my nerves evaporated .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for your efforts , Captain , " Gray finally mumbled .
tr	PAST	My head pounded and my stomach churned .
tr	PRES	" I sure hope not , " I mumbled to myself .
tr	PAST	" Dahlia , this is my husband , Ryland Miller .
tr	PRES	" Grand didn 't know , " my voice cracks .
tr	PRES	Timothy abruptly stands up and asks , " My mom 's on board ? "
tr	PAST	Eventually the shepherd quieted and they all fell asleep .
tr	PRES	He slams the door shut ; the bells above it rumbling .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , ' it was the word " gold " that blanked out his mind and set him off . '
tr	PAST	He scooted his chair closer .
tr	PRES	" Six points ! "
tr	PRES	' He likes your idea about compiling the history of the shire . '
tr	PAST	They acted as though Anna weren 't even there .
tr	PAST	I twirl my arms around his neck just as Domenico Moretti brings me close to him , his lips taking mine in an unashamedly carnal open-mouthed kiss .
tr	PRES	A bit of fear shone in her gaze .
tr	PRES	he teased , as he began to soap his muscled chest .
tr	PRES	" Isabella likes to shop , yes , " Beth said , watching him expectantly .
tr	PRES	" Good bye for now , young man .
tr	PRES	Father , seemingly unaware of their presence , begins to head away from us .
tr	PAST	He swooped in and held her tenderly , dropping a kiss on her head , cherishing the fact that she loved him like he loved her .
tr	PRES	Now and then , it strikes against my G-spot , and I can 't help but attempt to close my legs for the sheer pleasure of it .
tr	PAST	I grunted in response .
tr	PAST	The idea brightened my mood .
tr	PAST	Meet me at the stables within an hour , " he proposed .
tr	PAST	The fog delayed take off , and I changed my mind about this so many times .
tr	PRES	" Brandon really loves Katie . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened and pulled away .
tr	PAST	He immediately sensed something wrong .
tr	PRES	In effect , a waving red cape to a raging bull .
tr	PRES	I assume you 've come to see me . "
tr	PRES	Enzo twirls a dagger in one of his gloved hands .
tr	PAST	Lord Brogan reflected that , unless his son had developed an uncharacteristic interest in fauna , the quarters must have been delivered over to the ladies .
tr	PRES	After dropping through , he stares at the building , shimmering dimly from the unnatural light it emanates .
tr	PRES	But he loves you .
tr	PAST	Soon sanity prevailed , and he began to organize his thoughts around the job at hand .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me , and was silent for a moment as he assessed my face again .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands on her hips .
tr	PRES	I align the board into place and he steps up with the nail gun .
tr	PAST	He hauled me back to his arms .
tr	PAST	boomed a hearty voice into Hugh 's ear .
tr	PAST	He held it in until he was out of the building , then promptly spewed his breakfast into the bushes .
tr	PAST	Soon a whole swarm of them floated up and down around me , like a swirl of multicolored petals .
tr	PAST	Her face froze , waiting for terrible news .
tr	PAST	" Got to be a way to stop it .
tr	PAST	Ten minutes later she replaced the bookmark on the same page .
tr	PAST	No-one claimed responsibility for the gesture , but he suspected that George might have been involved .
tr	PRES	" Oh , how wise you were to predict a son first , " Rachel teased him .
tr	PAST	the man exclaimed as he rubbed his cheek with his hand .
tr	PRES	These people murdered your parents , Tobias 's words echo in my head .
tr	PAST	Leaving so late in the day , though we 'd had little choice , slowed our progress and put us behind in the search .
tr	PRES	" How mortifying to have a granddaughter who turns furry . "
tr	PAST	He dreamed of Claire .
tr	PAST	Celaena cocked her head .
tr	PAST	Yet she feared there was nothing so noble ultimately steering her decision .
tr	PRES	I sometimes hear him talking , he talks so loud .
tr	PAST	Maybe he trusted her to hold the dog off .
tr	PAST	You may get in trouble for going into second class , ' Petra piped up .
tr	PRES	They respectfully request that no contact is made at all . "
tr	PAST	In turn , the light they generated revealed walls covered with marvelous tapestries , extravagant paintings , and intricate sculptures .
tr	PRES	My feet were squared , my form exquisite .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " Rachel whispers , and her eyelids flutter with the delicious exhaustion .
tr	PAST	Cinta grunted and folded her arms in front of her chest .
tr	PRES	Can you describe in your own words what happened in the church ? "
tr	PAST	Tried painting too -- filled some pages with dark red paint slash marks -- then quit .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the way she did when she didn 't approve of something but didn 't want to discuss it .
tr	PAST	" A new life is about to begin for both of us , " Debbie giggled .
tr	PRES	This uneven mixture of sophisticated humor and downright slapstick amounts to little more than a fairly amusing comedy .
tr	PAST	" Come for me , " he crooned , pushing a finger gently inside her and thrusting shallowly .
tr	PAST	She exhaled again , scooted sideways .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	His white short-sleeved shirt exposed the thick biceps his suits had only hinted at and his belted khakis revealed a flat stomach and narrow hips .
tr	PRES	Gabe crushes the paper wrapper from his burger and throws it in the bag .
tr	PAST	Monk slapped Jason on the back .
tr	PRES	She opens her arms and I go to her .
tr	PRES	And I 'm so much more of a man than you are , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	Then they shout ' who goes there ? '
tr	PRES	Yet , she sees bright lights passing by , and hears the jumbled sounds of voices and roaring wind .
tr	PAST	With all the people on the look out he doubted that it was Garcia .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Goodwin clears her throat and nods her head , indicating I should get back to work .
tr	PAST	We couldn 't risk his being too close in case the Lycans sensed his energy .
tr	PRES	The Hang Ten mortgage and the payroll accounts ?
tr	PRES	" How awful . "
tr	PAST	He flicked through a book that was lying on the table and when he looked up I was sitting opposite him .
tr	PRES	She glances at her watch and then strokes my cheek gently .
tr	PAST	My body perked up at the sight .
tr	PRES	Return Lucid Dreams " Imagine a Lucid Dreaming Tournament for Individuals and Multiplayer Teams " - I said .
tr	PRES	" Tabby , " he exhales , and I feel his breath on my most sensitive spot .
tr	PRES	He glances at me out of the corner of his eye , " I 'm not .
tr	PAST	Alexia and her husband both dove forward .
tr	PRES	The look that crosses his face tells me he blames himself for their suffering .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Ivory ? "
tr	PRES	My knee buckles with pain .
tr	PAST	She hastily untied the ends of the sheet and then set about getting the horse to go back the way he 'd come .
tr	PAST	She settled next to him , her hand resting lightly on his forehead , stroking the hair away from his soaked forehead .
tr	PAST	The car plunged , front first , down into the water and hit it with a powerful impact .
tr	PAST	Pedro and his sister fled with a bag of canned food , but he tracked them down and killed her . "
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat , hearing Evan 's laughter coming from the same room .
tr	PRES	" At least not one that blocks out a stranger from seeing in . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I thought of how bad an idea the kiss was for exactly three seconds before I stopped thinking all together .
tr	PRES	I slap the top of the barrel and squeeze the pin in one fluid motion .
tr	PAST	She stiffened at the touch of my cold fingers , and I smirked .
tr	PRES	" Come with me to Capri , my parents would be happy to see you again " " Me ?
tr	PRES	" That changes our plans , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	He lets out a slow moan , moving to the side like an injured puppy .
tr	PRES	" Because , " he snaps , frustrated .
tr	PRES	" Benjamin , Elizabeth , Tink , Melanie , Nathan , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	The platform fills with new people getting off the train , so I switch to some more familiar tunes .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " mumbled Hermes , and he helped Adonis to his feet .
tr	PRES	" I have no idea where that came from , but I 'm kinda liking it , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his clothes and climbed into bed .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I snap as he tries to squirm back to the edge .
tr	PAST	As he stepped one leg out the window he prayed he 'd still be able to walk after he hit the ground .
tr	PRES	" For -- err -- Harley .
tr	PRES	" I fold . "
tr	PAST	" And we 're back in three , two , one , " announced Erin .
tr	PAST	He slowed and pulled over but there was not much of a shoulder .
tr	PRES	It helps others to decide if they might like the stories and gives me information to help me increase my skills as a writer .
tr	PRES	" Does pizza still exist ? "
tr	PRES	He hauled his arm up over his face and looked at his watch .
tr	PRES	" She 's not a black reaper , you idiot !
tr	PRES	Folding her arms across her chest like she so often does , Robin glares at me .
tr	PAST	He sped off out of the suburban neighborhood as she still tried to chase him , but stopped when he was out of sight .
tr	PAST	His brows inched up his forehead .
tr	PRES	" Pizza , pancakes , donuts , and meat . "
tr	PRES	" Car charger for my phone . "
tr	PAST	She felt so dizzy , She groped for a wall .
tr	PRES	" As my lady wishes . "
tr	PRES	Right now I assume you want to pour that coffee over my head . "
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the heap of files on her desk and picked up a Post-it .
tr	PAST	Though I didn 't deserve it , I prayed He would .
tr	PAST	The stars twinkled like something out of a Disney movie .
tr	PAST	This time one of them exploded beneath the left-hand rear wheel of Ezio 's wagon .
tr	PAST	The taste of tequila still lingered in my mouth - probably seeping through my pores as well .
tr	PAST	You sensed the dead hour .
tr	PRES	There , the outside luminance shone extensively .
tr	PRES	Jacob Hawthorne throws a huge shadow . "
tr	PAST	I exhaled shuddering breaths , embarrassed and exhausted .
tr	PAST	" Put it on speaker , " Nate instructed .
tr	PRES	The V8 engine barked and idled rough , its rumble taking Tench back to memories of driving this car around the farm with Julie at his side .
tr	PRES	I chew the inside of my mouth as I consider that .
tr	PAST	Just then , a firm blow from Harrison 's stick slapped against Jeff 's buttocks .
tr	PRES	The truth begins bubbling out of me like vile humors from a wound .
tr	PAST	I hedged , veering off slightly , before choosing to continue .
tr	PAST	As Paul gaped , momentarily frozen , the centre window shattered into a thousand flying shards of colored glass raining down over the altar below .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and hissed .
tr	PAST	The man collapsed back into a jewel case , glass shattering .
tr	PAST	He had risked himself so she could sink a knife into Haw Shot .
tr	PRES	It sort of folds you in between what is visible electronically .
tr	PRES	No one deserves to be killed for making some mistakes . "
tr	PAST	" We 're stronger than you think , " Hank countered with a malicious smile .
tr	PAST	She just tugged on his arm to get him moving again .
tr	PRES	" They don 't come down here at all , " Hele explains .
tr	PRES	In the Middle East the wealthy and strong endure and consume all the resources with no thought for the weak or any person of the working community .
tr	PRES	Sure enough the parcel he was given did appear to be pottery , but it didn 't look like anything special to him .
tr	PRES	It remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	Captain Dafoe barreled into the gatehouse , slamming the door tight behind him .
tr	PRES	" Not until the rain lets up .
tr	PAST	He withdrew , picked her up , and carried her to her bedroom .
tr	PAST	Alessia awoke to the sound of voices but lay still on her sleep panel in order to eavesdrop .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Bryce ? "
tr	PRES	" Would you humor me ? "
tr	PAST	Ever since the funeral , Jeremy visited the cemetery at least once every couple of weeks , usually bringing Claire with him .
tr	PRES	She blushes but quickly takes it .
tr	PRES	Or maybe he likes it that way .
tr	PRES	He points over the crowd to a booth in the back corner .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Poland , young man ? "
tr	PRES	The sickly paleness and bloodshot eyes .
tr	PAST	The trio , like animals caught out of shadow , awaited some act from the Giant .
tr	PRES	His mom hugs me and thanks me repeatedly for saving her son .
tr	PAST	His tall , thin frame bounced around the mat like that of a young man , and his voice barked instructions with startling intensity .
tr	PRES	It had mostly been used at , ahem , considerably shorter range than that .
tr	PAST	A phone number scribbled in his handwriting on the back of a receipt stuffed in a pair of dirty pants .
tr	PRES	When they finally calm down and sit back down on the couch , Gavin 's smile fades .
tr	PRES	The warmth of Clarissa comforts me . "
tr	PRES	" If it 's a charade . "
tr	PRES	" So , your highness .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " he grunted , the pain all too evident in his voice .
tr	PAST	He tipped my chin up and settled his mouth over mine .
tr	PAST	" Bugger , it looks like the sun is on the other side of that blanket , " Ryan exclaimed out loud , but in a whisper .
tr	PAST	" If you really don 't mind , " she finally caved in .
tr	PAST	As he reached for her , she smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	In the distance , the tables filled with the old professors cringed with fear .
tr	PRES	She glances at the door .
tr	PAST	The dress itself was fitted to her figure and both revealed and concealed .
tr	PRES	Skyla tries to reach for him as she 's whisked away , and so is he .
tr	PRES	He wears a short-sleeved button-down that hangs perfectly on his solid frame and jeans that outline his muscular legs .
tr	PRES	Finally , he releases a stressed breath .
tr	PAST	Star leaped up and grabbed hold of the fencing , " Hang onto me , Winston ! "
tr	PRES	It certainly cost enough , but with my birthday coming up , I 'd thought , what the hell ? .
tr	PAST	His slow smile taunted her .
tr	PAST	My eyes moved over the lace topped stockings that ran up her thighs as she bent down .
tr	PRES	" Was it handwritten ?
tr	PAST	Her mechanical arm easily freed itself from the grip holding it .
tr	PRES	But according to Quinton , at least from what he said yesterday , his father blames him for the deaths that happened in the car accident .
tr	PRES	" They provide me with a rather spiritual experience . "
tr	PAST	You scored way higher than I 've ever shot .
tr	PRES	" I love you , Becks .
tr	PAST	Someone from the mission blamed him ... all of them .
tr	PRES	Cameron sees , he wants , he takes , and he is done . "
tr	PAST	" The leaders of the other vampire covens want to meet with you , " she announced .
tr	PAST	She grunted as she fell on him and pinned his arms down with her legs .
tr	PAST	My heart rate sped up while I considered what to do .
tr	PRES	But instead of passing by , the vehicle stops .
tr	PAST	Red and blue flashing strobes bounced off the sides of the double-wide , lighting the fields for a second at a time .
tr	PAST	' Miss Dixon ... ' ' Call me Ashley . '
tr	PAST	I once broached the mere topic of selling you to unscrupulous warlocks , and she was not amused .
tr	PAST	She motioned for Pet to reduce the volume of the music .
tr	PAST	But still her mind willed her to keep going .
tr	PRES	She hears the sound again , and this time , there 's no mistaking it .
tr	PRES	" Turns out you can 't take a joke .
tr	PRES	Harlin begins to argue with Monroe .
tr	PAST	Uncle taps a rock with his boot from the pond 's bank and it plops into the water .
tr	PAST	" I counted three on their wagon , " reported Jane as she returned to the window .
tr	PAST	The doctor conducted various examinations in swift succession , finally reaching a conclusion with a series of nods .
tr	PAST	I inquired about your husband , but as I expected , I found he had left .
tr	PAST	He hopped out of his vehicle and grinned at Melanie .
tr	PAST	She charged the archers .
tr	PAST	He motioned for his men to keep up the pressure while he tried to keep an eye out for where the fox was holed up .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Dawson , I assume . "
tr	PRES	" Surely Lady Margaret ... " The Countess ' anger was back in a flash .
tr	PAST	A gold standard would get our new nation on a stable footing from the start , " Paul stated .
tr	PRES	As they closed the distance , Christopher clearly hobbled on his left leg .
tr	PRES	" That 's not what my dad and Dean say , " she whispers , pulling her hand away and forcing mine to fall from her chest .
tr	PRES	Thank goodness , Merrill remains calm most of the time .
tr	PAST	Raven awoke slowly , painfully .
tr	PAST	They had ambushed her in the parking lot when she got out of work .
tr	PRES	Yellow crime scene tape stands out pretty well amid the swaying grass and cypress trees .
tr	PRES	Ian stared at him , his mouth agape .
tr	PRES	He sighs and leans against my dresser .
tr	PRES	It tends to draw the words out of me even when I don 't want to talk .
tr	PAST	I crouched by the body , pressed my palms into the floor and concentrated .
tr	PRES	" For letting me vent .
tr	PAST	She fiddled around with the tablet until he settled himself onto the easy chair in the corner of the room and shut his eyes .
tr	PRES	Rex stands , saying .
tr	PRES	He refuses to give audience to anyone .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , bud .
tr	PRES	He remembers the veins on the forearms still .
tr	PRES	" Not a beetle .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but he remains unknown to you for your protection .
tr	PAST	Perhaps I ask too much of them , he pondered with guilt wishing he had the power to change time .
tr	PRES	She wears white robes with a necklace of gold , an emblem at its center .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	It refuses to go away , Solange . "
tr	PAST	The same wrought-iron benches painted green , with smooth wooden planks for backs and seats .
tr	PAST	Giving myself no more time to think , I stiffened two fingers then drove them into the wound 's opening .
tr	PAST	This time they messed with me .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later , Ari emerged from the back with a thick envelope filled with 95 crisp one-hundred dollar bills .
tr	PRES	Travis winks at Kira who gives him one right back , then ruffles my hair like he 's my dad and I 'm eight .
tr	PAST	With these words the men cheered and their courage was renewed .
tr	PRES	" I 've been watching you , Eva .
tr	PAST	Still , the image persisted just at the edge of her mind .
tr	PRES	Her nails pierce my skin .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head to the side and paused .
tr	PAST	One more traitor that would hasten the hand of the tyrant to wrought his implacable mischief .
tr	PAST	The last runner collapsed in a heap .
tr	PRES	Walking into the village , Diana and her sisters attract the attention of the pirates .
tr	PAST	Slowly her eyes adjusted to recognize that it was Milton .
tr	PRES	Still , he revved the engine and took them to the motel five blocks down the street .
tr	PRES	But this presents a new danger as well , for I must now assume Julian suspects it was I who issued that warning .
tr	PAST	" It is not always as simple as that , " William surmised .
tr	PRES	Are you Fae ? "
tr	PAST	Gathering myself , I withdrew my fangs and forced myself off her .
tr	PAST	When we were done , he announced , " That 's a good spot for it , Cherry .
tr	PAST	Laurel scooted in from the butler 's pantry in her motorized scooter in time to see Jenny skip out with the Ford Focus key fob in hand .
tr	PAST	Rachel swooped down quickly in the opposite direction towards Benji , flying quickly to his aid .
tr	PAST	He grunted and reached up to pull the hood of his black sweatshirt up over his shaved head .
tr	PRES	Kim reaches out to stop him from opening the car door .
tr	PAST	He quickly regained his composure and announced , " Well , now that we 're all gathered , shall we talk ? "
tr	PAST	They curved upward like the tines of a pitch fork .
tr	PRES	she replied , barely able to focus on him , her fatigue overwhelming her .
tr	PAST	Just as he was about to follow , the twinkling of lights in the bedroom window stole through the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	Haley and I proceeded up the stairs to the first floor and saw 4 rooms .
tr	PRES	he crowed , obviously quite pleased .
tr	PAST	You and Tammy abandoned me when I needed you most . "
tr	PAST	I rewind through my dreams .
tr	PRES	" What about King Triton ?
tr	PAST	" Yes , I will spare your lives if you save her , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Kelly stripped off her clothes and sank down into the heavenly mixture .
tr	PAST	The manager claimed it was perfect for the interlude between the first part of the performance , and the songs that came after Mac 's solo .
tr	PAST	He stole a quick glance around the room , trying to spot the speakers .
tr	PAST	It provided a wide view of the area , as well as being withdrawn and out of notice from the street .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the bandages covering the stitches on his right arm .
tr	PRES	So you screwed some guys .
tr	PAST	I pondered that request for a moment .
tr	PRES	Mama likes the brown ones with the tangy flavored meat .
tr	PRES	Our cheese burgers arrive and I am sure this is the most amazing thing I have ever put in my mouth .
tr	PRES	" You ruined us .
tr	PRES	" That explains the pink and extra blast of perfume . "
tr	PAST	The breath of each word caressed his ear .
tr	PRES	" Taylor likes money .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his magnification and finally saw their assailants .
tr	PAST	They served as his eyes and ears .
tr	PRES	One of the guests stands up .
tr	PAST	It served as the harbor of Cyrene , 20 km ( 12 mi ) to the southwest .
tr	PRES	" Butch loses his favorite dumping ground and has to come up with an alternative , so he shoves her out in downtown Skull Valley ? "
tr	PAST	" Wait here , " I instructed Arno .
tr	PAST	Dropping the clothing on the end of the bed , she urged Radcliffe to sit in a chair and close his eyes , then set to work .
tr	PRES	As she climbs into bed , she reaches over to the nightstand and turns on the radio .
tr	PAST	" I hear them calling for help , " Jason lied .
tr	PAST	the man exclaimed with a look of astonishment .
tr	PRES	" I tell you , it sneaks up on you . "
tr	PAST	The ski mask I was wearing protected my face .
tr	PAST	Sheila thanked David 's secretary , as she walked by .
tr	PAST	A tidal wave of failure washed over him .
tr	PRES	When that doesn 't happen and he steps back even further as I shut my door , eeriness consumes me .
tr	PAST	My eyes zeroed in on an old Dr. No poster .
tr	PAST	Brick interpreted the tirade of information .
tr	PAST	" I received a minor concussion , and had to have five stitches under my chin .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PAST	" The trod is prepared , " the raspy voice announced .
tr	PRES	The kid 's voice rises with pure fear .
tr	PAST	When she didn 't move , he withdrew his hand and paced the floor .
tr	PAST	Brandon stripped his shirt off when we got inside and cranked open the windows .
tr	PAST	She froze in the door and glanced back warily .
tr	PRES	Only one brave woman stands firm in the face of every threat to the beautiful young Emperor .
tr	PRES	Across the way , a great blue heron stands stock still in the reeds , his eye focused down into the depths of the water .
tr	PRES	Catcher McCall stands tall , Don 't quite now you can 't fall .
tr	PAST	" Energy is now at twenty percent " Power reported , " any attempt at reanimation will prove useless " .
tr	PAST	" Do it , " she instructed the soldiers and at once they ran for the exits , hunting out other survivors .
tr	PAST	She rotated her shoulder and stretched her arms out in front of her to work the stiffness out of her muscles .
tr	PRES	" Calm down , Rach .
tr	PRES	Diocletian blames the Christians for his dwindling power .
tr	PAST	Yet he evaded four men with little effort .
tr	PRES	" She 's fine , " Asher snaps .
tr	PRES	My hair falls down my back in thick waves .
tr	PRES	He usually just tuned her out and day dreamed about his latest fling .
tr	PAST	After they had eaten , they retreated to the boy 's small room .
tr	PAST	He stares back at me with arrogance .
tr	PRES	I shout at her .
tr	PRES	He mumbled , his mouth half full .
tr	PRES	He swept it over mine , flicks as he kissed me , deep moans of satisfaction echoing through me as he cradled my face .
tr	PRES	" Well , maybe that might warrant an apology , " he teased , before claiming her mouth as he climbed back onto the bed .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , right , " I mutter to myself .
tr	PRES	The smell brings back memories ... of clawing and biting and penetration .
tr	PRES	- but I crave you like chocolate . "
tr	PAST	Her nails lightly scored his chest , down over his abs , which rippled beneath her touch as she marked him as hers .
tr	PAST	His fingers convulsed at her waist .
tr	PRES	The Syndicate offers value to all , regardless of creed , culture , or species .
tr	PAST	The Devourer swooped down abruptly and I jerked , trying to stay on , trying not to make Sam support all of my weight .
tr	PRES	The daytime sun shone down on the city , revealing the sordid details of a less-than-perfect city .
tr	PAST	His fingers coiled into a sweaty ball of nerves .
tr	PAST	Picking my compact back up I lightly dusted the light brown freckles that ran across my nose .
tr	PAST	" Okay ... " She inhaled a shaky breath .
tr	PRES	Their footsteps echo against the wooden floorboards , and Zion 's hand tightens in hers as they approach the stairs .
tr	PAST	As happy as he was with her supposed change of heart , he gritted his molars .
tr	PAST	" And you were worried , " she joked to Terra as they climbed .
tr	PRES	So even hundreds of miles and a name change weren 't enough to keep him from finding her , " Johnny murmurs .
tr	PAST	Gerald 's thoughts roamed and roamed .
tr	PRES	Andy giggles again , then looks down and sees the Post-it note .
tr	PRES	Seth points at the speakers .
tr	PRES	Dante grits his teeth .
tr	PAST	Gripping her ankle he tugged her close .
tr	PRES	Once he is gone , I unpack my things .
tr	PRES	" Hold on , " I warn .
tr	PAST	" Maybe she can make up her own mind , " Michael defended .
tr	PRES	" Why , you brat ! "
tr	PRES	" Lucky , " Nicole mutters and I laugh .
tr	PAST	Gathering my strength , I hauled myself up and through the door .
tr	PAST	His strong arm hooked around my waist , making my heart flutter .
tr	PRES	" Kat , " Daemon snapped , impatient .
tr	PRES	" Whatever she sees , she sees in visions but not like this .
tr	PAST	She stiffened her shoulders .
tr	PRES	When you depend entirely on yourself , having someone else determine whether you live or die with a single twitch of their finger brings a soul-crushing fear .
tr	PAST	In light of the mysterious postcard he 'd received a few weeks back , these hang-ups troubled him .
tr	PAST	" Open up for me , big boy , " Lucius taunted , tossing the rock up again .
tr	PAST	Susan adjusted her skirt and heard the sound of playing coming from the living room .
tr	PRES	Patricia stands very slowly .
tr	PRES	His whole life freaked me out .
tr	PAST	Turning her head she regarded the crimson silk robe he held in his slender fingers .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed and we hugged , " God , I 'm sorry ... " He laughed , " I missed you . "
tr	PRES	She stops speaking when she realizes she has only a vague idea how long ago it was .
tr	PRES	The color of his tie matches his green eyes perfectly , making them hard to look away from .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue .
tr	PRES	" The note that came with it said I live to serve you , " she whispers to me the night she gets home .
tr	PRES	The disbelief shone brighter .
tr	PRES	" As in your name , Honey .
tr	PAST	Lux 's voice shattered my relief , and I let go of James and glanced around .
tr	PAST	I inched away from him and tried to creep out of bed , but in a lightning-quick move , his hand wrapped around my wrist .
tr	PRES	The one barking orders slams the butt of his gun into my back and my knees crack as they hit the floor .
tr	PRES	" Outta supplies . "
tr	PAST	Colby stayed crouched near the tire , but he kept the wrench in his hand as he watched Harry come toward him .
tr	PAST	Icy terror froze the scream building in my chest as I jerked back , breaking the hold around my waist .
tr	PAST	Freezing , " he mumbled , taking another swig of his beer .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I assume that I was . "
tr	PRES	He twitches his nose .
tr	PAST	Judge thy neighbor , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" You belong to a concentration camp . "
tr	PAST	Then , the wind zigzagged its way northeast and vanished .
tr	PAST	He tugged at his tie , feeling his blood pressure rise as his tongue flitted around his mouth looking for a tooth to suck on for security .
tr	PRES	Helen nervously reaches for a thick towel lying alongside her .
tr	PRES	He strikes me as a real nice guy and real tough guy too .
tr	PAST	An instinctual part of me cowered next to Julian as she closed the distance with lightning speed .
tr	PRES	We scramble on down the ledge , under the falls , making our way over rocky bumps and little pools with green goop growing in them .
tr	PAST	Clearly , this was a room where things could get done , deals made , debates conducted .
tr	PAST	Her head smashed into the mirror , breaking the mirror above the sink .
tr	PRES	' Something very strange , Stanley .
tr	PRES	" No foot prints either ? "
tr	PRES	( Oh humanity , how could you have been so callous to your own children for so long ? )
tr	PRES	She owes you that much . "
tr	PAST	To the priest 's surprise , the young man crouched down beside him also .
tr	PAST	She sobbed , " Me . "
tr	PAST	2 " I 'm sorry , " Miranda sobbed , before another scream sounded her next contraction .
tr	PRES	" Did you undergo the memory analysis ? "
tr	PRES	" Eh ... William , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" They still exist in this time , but will be outlawed in a few years .
tr	PAST	All of them inhaled as she passed .
tr	PAST	Becky cringed at her friend 's anger , stepping backwards .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked between her and Finn .
tr	PRES	Diana begins to cry .
tr	PAST	Around its perimeter , a wall of black roots arose .
tr	PRES	" Look , he sees us !
tr	PRES	" With Kieran , " Katie stated , a cold edge to her voice .
tr	PRES	My voice rips through the forest .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , right , " she scoffed .
tr	PRES	But when they spoke , their French accents clouded my earlier impression .
tr	PRES	He sat beside me , his arm resting protectively around my shoulders , his fingers gently stroking my upper arm .
tr	PAST	The casino employee tugged his tie and frowned , looking just past her shoulders and giving her only a second 's warning before ... Conrad .
tr	PRES	" So right , sis .
tr	PRES	Despite everything , I mutter with a smile , " No . "
tr	PRES	He marches out of the room , his boots crashing down on the floor .
tr	PRES	Automatically a control station complete with several keyboards and controls folds up into a comfortable position in front of him .
tr	PRES	" This kid loves staring at things , eh ? "
tr	PAST	Year 35 For some time , I received no further news of the Nazarenes , although I knew that they would eventually call for their money .
tr	PAST	Josh 's body stiffened in surprise .
tr	PAST	7 I shut my car door and a soft ping floated through my head , followed by my brother 's voice .
tr	PAST	Black sparklers exploded across his vision , his lungs compressing to draw in life-saving oxygen .
tr	PRES	" How about a night in Seattle ?
tr	PAST	He never pretended to want more than a physical relationship , to which I had agreed .
tr	PAST	Chamberlain dialed Adams on his cellphone .
tr	PAST	No signs revealed the name of the establishment , but small orange neon lettering proclaimed CHEAP COLD BEER .
tr	PAST	The ringing bounced back and forth , causing me pain , making me delirious .
tr	PRES	I march through the kitchen in my work boots until I 'm standing a foot in front of her .
tr	PRES	The ding of her phone causes her to jump .
tr	PRES	Besides , gentle , sensuous lovemaking after that hard and fast effort was just what she needed .
tr	PAST	If there was anyone on earth she trusted with her life it was Brian .
tr	PAST	" We 're in a different time zone , " Ruth announced , changing the subject as they crossed the state line .
tr	PAST	He claimed her mouth , teasing her lips apart .
tr	PAST	Sunlight bounced off aluminum foil , copper and silver and a variety of other items she 'd collected for him .
tr	PAST	I crumpled to the floor as darkness closed around me .
tr	PAST	I kind of blamed my brother about that fateful day .
tr	PAST	Children chased each other in and out of the crowd of people , screaming as loud as possible , but no one seemed to mind .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply through his nose and nodded .
tr	PAST	It saddened me , but I had lost souls all my life .
tr	PAST	Quinlan 's voice rumbled next to her .
tr	PRES	He stared down at Maximus , his face coldly expressionless .
tr	PAST	Jimmy thanked her for the flashlight and flicked it on .
tr	PRES	Why would he steal -- " Patti paused as things came together in her head , " He wasn 't stealing it for himself . "
tr	PAST	Surreal plopped soured cream onto Daemon 's baked potato and gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	She whispers words at them in slow stressed syllables : her name , common phrases , the way she greets the rabbit and the woodsman .
tr	PAST	" How good it would be if you were always next to us , " Michael exclaimed wistfully .
tr	PAST	Ashlyn froze as Anya 's voice penetrated her mind .
tr	PAST	Layering his burger with lettuce and tomato , Tom squirted a spiral of ketchup .
tr	PAST	Two of the beasts leaped out of the way , lunging toward them .
tr	PAST	Grady stiffened his spine and walked through his bedroom door , the noise of the party assaulting him as he descended the stairs .
tr	PAST	Endless questions bounced around my mind .
tr	PAST	" What about judgment day ?
tr	PRES	It shoots into the sky , banks steeply and disappears to the south .
tr	PAST	They dealt Bill in and continued with their game and joking around .
tr	PRES	He points across the parking lot .
tr	PRES	He brings up a wave of lava to fall on her , but it parts as it does , leaving her untouched .
tr	PAST	It shattered into a pile of red , flaky shards at his feet .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes and moves closer to me so our heads are right next to one another .
tr	PRES	But my face falls when I see his mom 's Cadillac parked next to it .
tr	PAST	I shuffled forward a few feet .
tr	PAST	She zeroed in on him with her phone , and those two numbers popped up in the bubble alongside his dark head again .
tr	PRES	" It relaxes me , " Maron explained , " just like beauty relaxes you , remember ? "
tr	PRES	I march after him into the building .
tr	PAST	The foremost soldier saluted , " Unit forty-two Bravo here to recover the body sir . "
tr	PRES	Not a saint . "
tr	PAST	She clutched her bandaged hand .
tr	PRES	" Are you coming , Hal ? "
tr	PAST	Myra attempted a smile .
tr	PAST	" Yes , but they keep me in line , " he countered .
tr	PAST	He dared not take his one good eye off the road .
tr	PAST	Ian swooped her in the air as Duncan had done a moment ago .
tr	PAST	Its wide shoulders matched the curve of its two great horns curling out then down framing its powerful maw .
tr	PRES	He was going to smoke in here , but I told him to put it away , " he explains .
tr	PAST	Paul , can you tell me when you changed , were you still thinking and feeling like yourself or are you ruled more by your instincts ? "
tr	PAST	Two stone wall fountains depicting the heads of lions spewed out a flowing stream of water .
tr	PRES	" Does all this belong to you ? "
tr	PAST	I tipped her head back and ran a hand along her throat .
tr	PAST	The women ceased their dance of flames and the children and men on the round rooftops silenced .
tr	PRES	" Students at Hecate range in age from twelve to seventeen .
tr	PAST	" The bastard claimed she was clearly the focus of his story .
tr	PAST	He engaged his companion with singular attention .
tr	PAST	I deepened the kiss .
tr	PRES	My writing partner , Sean , loves shows like these .
tr	PAST	He defended the serial killer that she had been writing about .
tr	PRES	" The hostility fills the air . "
tr	PAST	He caressed the heart of her palm with his thumb , stirring up a fizzy sensation low in her abdomen .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes bore into hers and she was drawn in all over again .
tr	PRES	" Because we needed to convince Jess quickly , for obvious reasons . "
tr	PAST	Trees provided shade and natural gaps between homes and stores .
tr	PRES	He offers me his crown of flowers .
tr	PAST	She swiped impatiently at her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Talon inquired as to where the blade had come from , but Jason shrugged .
tr	PAST	He spurred his horse .
tr	PRES	Zelda protects the Sage of Light .
tr	PAST	" I 'm too modern to let some caveman beat me , " she defended .
tr	PAST	A group of a hundred zombies awaited my character outside the house .
tr	PRES	A smile creeps onto my face .
tr	PRES	Then he pinches my ass .
tr	PRES	He hates rejection , and his need to impress can flip into hate fast .
tr	PRES	" Uh-oh , " he mutters , scrambling down the boxes .
tr	PRES	She stops drying off and just stands there with her towel in her hands and looks at me .
tr	PRES	" Maybe it tastes better . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't ... " she begun saying .
tr	PAST	She palmed my forehead to check if I had a fever .
tr	PRES	" And the husk of rules , expectations , experiences that stick to it during the life .
tr	PAST	" I experienced one . "
tr	PRES	After a restless night , searching for One and eventually making my way back to the cabin alone , I drag myself out of bed .
tr	PRES	" Now that 's what I 'm talking about , " Vic crowed in a chipper voice .
tr	PAST	" Okay , you two come out of there nice and slow , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	From a lawyer 's point of view , the receiving of a verdict approaches an art form .
tr	PRES	" The Veil ? "
tr	PAST	one of the other women chimed in .
tr	PAST	Hatley grunted as he helped shove the sled over a particularly steep incline .
tr	PRES	" Can I borrow a room to look through this ? "
tr	PRES	All for starting a rumor or hacking into personal email accounts to dig up dirt .
tr	PAST	The gauntlet 's unrestrained power swirled heavily inside of me , building up even greater into my last bullet .
tr	PAST	He stuffed it down his pants .
tr	PAST	He noticed the boy 's flushed cheeks , the beaded sweat on his brow , the way the boy clutched at his throat .
tr	PRES	Micha slides his phone into his pocket .
tr	PAST	She giggled some more , a sound that drove heat into his bones .
tr	PAST	" And you created your own spell ? "
tr	PRES	Zander stops and faces me when we get to the living room .
tr	PRES	" William , ' tis good to see you . "
tr	PAST	Abigail quickly distinguished herself from her mates .
tr	PRES	" So the true Heart remains with you ? "
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE THREE SECONDS TO BANK HARD RIGHT OR WE WILL BE FORCED TO SHOOT YOU DOWN . "
tr	PRES	" More stern . "
tr	PAST	When the kingdom needed Talon ... he served as permitted .
tr	PRES	He flicks it to the wall , and Ellis falls off the chair trying to retrieve it .
tr	PRES	Why involve herself ? "
tr	PAST	An arrow protruded , its broad head hooked on three sides where it had punched through his chest .
tr	PRES	" I kinda like having curves . "
tr	PAST	" Okay , " she lied .
tr	PAST	A slick of blood painted her upper lip .
tr	PAST	The sound of footsteps neared , and a face , cocked sideways , came into view , blocking the light .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms carefully around the large vase holding the arrangement , picks it up , then walks to the door .
tr	PAST	Only odd noises relating to unwanted chaos emerged from the silence allowing the separation of the senses to enhance his vision .
tr	PAST	An uneasy feeling churned in her stomach , but she stood as directed , hoping to slip out before Max saw her .
tr	PAST	" A dress designed specifically for you does not please you ? "
tr	PAST	His free hand carved down her ass , down the back of her leg , then back up her thigh , along the inside now .
tr	PRES	" That particular slogan belongs to The New York Times . "
tr	PAST	James proceeded to wave his arm around .
tr	PAST	she inquired as he brought it out to where she was hiding .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in front of her , the very picture of riotous joy .
tr	PAST	Bill lied , not having the heart to tell his best friend that he was dying .
tr	PAST	' You described what she was feeling .
tr	PRES	Same type of logic applies for light .
tr	PRES	" Don 't mention it , Madam .
tr	PRES	Oh , yes , I almost forgot : the last ten guys who went down there didn 't come back , ha ha . "
tr	PAST	She froze in place , listening .
tr	PRES	After we finish kissing , we swim to the shore and then hike back up to the path that leads to the cliff area we jumped from .
tr	PAST	She eyed him sideways , but he just sat there with that Zen-like tranquility , meditating on nature .
tr	PAST	The gangster motioned in Vigneault 's direction before speaking .
tr	PAST	That steady gaze of his never wavered .
tr	PAST	As unique and mysterious as Twilight 's Dawn was , it still represented a loss of the power she once wielded .
tr	PAST	The stranger produced an envelope .
tr	PAST	Her muscles tensed at the sight of the dark silvery forest rushing past .
tr	PAST	He had done more than risk his life , he had risked his very soul to keep mortals and immortals alike safe .
tr	PRES	" Relax Callie , " he whispers as he turns the key and the engine purrs to life .
tr	PRES	" Know this , niece of mine .
tr	PAST	My voice bounced off the walls and his head snapped towards me .
tr	PRES	Like an undertow , its sneaks up and grabs you , dragging you away from safety until you 're in nothing but trouble .
tr	PAST	The house froze in time .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together to get control of her nerves .
tr	PAST	Jace cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	Joey crawled back up and staggered toward Goliath again .
tr	PAST	Fresh panic clutched at his throat .
tr	PRES	He talks to you guys like you 're perfectly normal .
tr	PRES	And isn 't it awful about all those poor homeless rats ? "
tr	PAST	Another part of her sought to understand him through the physical act of touching him , something that made no sense at all to her .
tr	PAST	" A man named Mario ? "
tr	PAST	I rocketed over the steep hill and felt a burning sensation in my thighs and calves .
tr	PAST	A quick search revealed only a can of tomato paste and three boxes of corn muffin mix , all of which they bagged up before leaving .
tr	PRES	But I 'm awake , and Sean 's looking up at me , blinking those bright blue eyes , completely and totally vulnerable .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and let his breath trail out .
tr	PAST	Together , the three demons exploded into red gas , and later appeared three , glowing demon souls , floating on the ground .
tr	PAST	With every flash of brown hair , my heart leaped .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hand .
tr	PAST	Tavi inhaled deeply and blew his breath out very slowly .
tr	PAST	This time when she drifted back to sleep , a smile curved her lips .
tr	PAST	The kind a woman dreamed about teasing between her teeth .
tr	PAST	Those strong fingers stroking her bare , inner wrist ceased moving and settled around her arm like a shackle .
tr	PAST	Taking a red magic marker , he circled a day .
tr	PAST	Water sloshed over the sides with every step soaking his shirt that hung by one shoulder .
tr	PRES	As his arms embrace me , contentment washes over my entire being .
tr	PRES	She holds the paper out to me , and I take it .
tr	PAST	After some time when she became normal , she sobbed and mourned continuously making my grief to be cumulatively multiplied in quadruples .
tr	PRES	" And that promise still stands . "
tr	PRES	" Batting cleanup . "
tr	PAST	He risked a look back over his left shoulder , and almost yelled out when he saw how close they were .
tr	PRES	The young man in the corner lets out a soft , agonizing sob , and my heart breaks .
tr	PRES	He never willingly lets go of a soul . "
tr	PAST	She flicked a long strand of copper hair back off her shoulder .
tr	PRES	Nurse Stanford suspects that Colin did something to his fingers to make them , but I am not so sure .
tr	PRES	When the timer rings at noon , Andy lets out a funny noise of surprise .
tr	PRES	A demon , and a hungry one , to be trying to abduct women from carriages in a London street .
tr	PRES	The human didn " t attract him .
tr	PRES	" Hot damn , " the man whispers .
tr	PRES	Knox reaches out and places a hand on my hip .
tr	PAST	The stench of decay assaulted my nose .
tr	PRES	" Your heart rate spiked not long ago .
tr	PAST	She served herself some prepared toasts and sat down next to him , her hand reaching to grip his .
tr	PRES	All that after a couple of generations of no one having a mind to so much as go sightseeing off those islands of yours .
tr	PAST	Again Lucas 's thoughtfulness tugged at her heart .
tr	PRES	Twenty minutes and twenty blocks after that he was in Central Park , drinking a bottle of still water from another street vendor .
tr	PAST	With her free hand , Candice gently caressed his bare back with an easy familiarity that cut Mira straight to the bone .
tr	PAST	He continually glowed like an angel of light .
tr	PRES	Now the sun shone through the windows , casting a cheery glow around the room .
tr	PAST	" I 've unearthed a plot to assassinate President Carter , " Hannah announced in a low voice , ignoring Debbie .
tr	PRES	" A Texas standoff , if I may . "
tr	PRES	" Nothing that compares to this , Ken .
tr	PAST	From one end of the box , a little black beetle emerged .
tr	PAST	He dispatched Kolya Maks and others to Yekaterinburg with orders to perfect a rescue at all costs .
tr	PRES	She chews the inside of her lip as if she 's considering the question , and it 's fascinating to see this side of her .
tr	PAST	He dreaded the answer to this question more than any other .
tr	PAST	Danica pondered the thought as she went to lotion up her olive skin .
tr	PAST	He uttered some words in a loud voice , and the youth joined him , who also expressed surprise .
tr	PAST	She giggled and leaned into my side .
tr	PRES	They teach me to fight .
tr	PRES	He wraps one long arm around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Once he passed around the good news , the entire mood of the castle lightened .
tr	PAST	Her perfectly highlighted blonde hair was piled into a loose bun on top of her head and framed with huge Chloe sunglasses .
tr	PRES	Ben taps on the window to get my attention , his sleeve covering his mouth and nose .
tr	PRES	" And they forgave you after all of that ? "
tr	PAST	There is much talk about the college construction and perhaps changing the name of Middle Plantation to Williamsburg , " the captain disclosed .
tr	PRES	" But for some reason , he tastes like pickles . "
tr	PRES	" The fact that they are the fathers of your great-grandchildren holds no weight for you ? "
tr	PRES	And you cant change what 's between us . "
tr	PAST	Marius sniffed loudly and wiped his nose .
tr	PAST	" Go on , " I urged tentatively , needing to know but at the same time not wanting to know .
tr	PRES	I scratch behind my ear .
tr	PRES	The dark side never sees light .
tr	PRES	I strain , the way I used to strain when I could almost remember the answer to a test question but couldn 't call it to mind .
tr	PAST	He scoffed and rolled his eyes .
tr	PRES	As if feeling my gaze , the abbess glances up and gives me a cool nod .
tr	PRES	He pushes it back at her .
tr	PAST	Liz dismissed them smiling , almost tempted to say , " Now was that so hard ? "
tr	PRES	" Not two centimeters off . "
tr	PRES	Rinse out your shirt and tunic , wash your face , hands and arms with soap . "
tr	PAST	Water squirted up through cracks .
tr	PRES	He pushes the pant leg up on his left leg .
tr	PAST	The falcon cocked her head to stare at him with one amber eye .
tr	PRES	" No sports ? "
tr	PAST	The smokes bounced and danced in the stream for a few moments , and then they floated out of sight .
tr	PAST	Lumpy organic matter , all expelled and rejected and no longer a part of me , swirled its way down the drain in lazy cyclonic clouds .
tr	PRES	his voice fades out as he stands up .
tr	PAST	" Jeez , Paige , you need to have this thing painted . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't tease me , Rafe .
tr	PAST	She dialed up the speed , and activated the collision avoidance system .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm not the biggest fan of lilies . "
tr	PRES	Over a thousand dead , " begins Bogart .
tr	PRES	" Ya , sort of , " Buck mumbled .
tr	PAST	I giggled and kissed his neck .
tr	PRES	What brings you on this day ?
tr	PRES	And did you see those tattoos on his arms ? "
tr	PRES	He exhales , and I feel it in the rise and fall of his ribs against me .
tr	PAST	As he spoke , Bax twirled a finger in a circular motion .
tr	PAST	" And secured them .
tr	PRES	Moments later , the innkeeper 's wife brings a dress to the table for my inspection .
tr	PRES	We traverse perhaps a hundred yards of pasture before we reach the end of the tether 's length .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches toward him , glowing bright .
tr	PRES	" My touch cured him . "
tr	PRES	Trajan freezes in a shocked tableau and all of the others watching from the ridge suddenly cease their movements and stare out at the scene wide-eyed .
tr	PRES	Puck glares at them all , searing enough that some of them flinch in surprise .
tr	PRES	He yawns , and I suddenly imagine him as a little boy , getting tucked into bed for the night .
tr	PAST	Maria elbowed me in the side to bring me back to the conversation .
tr	PRES	No risk , no glory , pal . "
tr	PRES	He sees the blood on Henderson 's head and immediately tears off a piece of his shirt and places it on the wound .
tr	PAST	" Well , I really don 't care about my hair and shoes , so you might be right , " I joked .
tr	PAST	Maybe he sensed the same thing I did .
tr	PAST	He limped briskly up the walkway to the front door and rapped on it with his cane .
tr	PRES	" Alright , we 'll do it your way , Serena .
tr	PRES	People shout and run about .
tr	PRES	He twirls a shovel on his shoulder once , thinking .
tr	PAST	The two men in Venkat 's office fidgeted in their chairs .
tr	PAST	Then he inhaled deeply and exhaled on a rush of words .
tr	PAST	My eyes adjusted to the darkness as I pivoted to inspect the other side of the room .
tr	PRES	" Well , you 're the whitest construction worker I 've ever met , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Feeling more like himself , he padded out to the lounge to check his emails .
tr	PRES	The first waves of my orgasm threaten to wash over me .
tr	PRES	" A clown ? "
tr	PRES	* * * Rory freaked .
tr	PAST	She flattened her hands on his shoulders .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through me at seeing him here , in the arena .
tr	PAST	Sensing something was wrong , Ruben cocked his head and said , ' What is it , my lady ? '
tr	PRES	It pushes the water up with enough force to project it into the air . "
tr	PRES	He opens the door to see Olga and Harley standing there with stacks of paperwork .
tr	PRES	My shirt rips before I can shake him off .
tr	PRES	I relax , smile at the girl and shrug .
tr	PAST	He tugged open her robe and grimaced at the sight of her pink dorm shirt .
tr	PAST	He seized her outstretched hands , and kneeled at her feet .
tr	PAST	She retreated and lifted her arm between them .
tr	PRES	" The bow ! "
tr	PAST	" Um , Marcus , " she giggled and I looked up to see what was so funny .
tr	PRES	" Red Lake . "
tr	PAST	" I thought this was an open city , " Izzy countered .
tr	PAST	" There 's got to be some kind of explanation , " Kev countered .
tr	PRES	" I volunteer you and my mom .
tr	PRES	" Do all your business transactions involve endangering your life ? "
tr	PRES	I snap - but then I realize it 's not me who 's talking .
tr	PRES	I peel my face away and look at the invisible wall before me .
tr	PRES	' But my mum -- ' Her mum was drawing nearer .
tr	PRES	Grandmother stands inside the archway , holding the dessert tray .
tr	PAST	Samantha scrawled the address in her notebook .
tr	PRES	He slides his hands up through his soft black hair , grinning with elation .
tr	PRES	" What rot . "
tr	PAST	So he shrank into his cushioned rocking seat and hoped Becca 's shine blinded them to his awkwardness .
tr	PAST	Reality intruded with a list of instructions from Dr. Wilson .
tr	PAST	Marcus propped his feet up on the porch 's railing .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and raised an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	He experienced the profound sense of making a promise to this woman , this child .
tr	PRES	My mom likes some guy .
tr	PAST	With an hour to go , Rohr proudly announced to the court that " The plaintiff will call its last witness .
tr	PAST	" It cost you so much , Gabe .
tr	PAST	The pain lessened and with it his vision became clearer .
tr	PRES	Even though I 've never met your mom before , although I don 't mean to disrespect your mom , that ticks me off for two reasons .
tr	PRES	She descended , her footfalls hurrying only at the last .
tr	PRES	' To confront Khan ? '
tr	PRES	I just hatched an hour ago . "
tr	PAST	She fled through a dark forest of oaks , pine , and spruce .
tr	PRES	Any joy on Monroe 's face quickly fades .
tr	PAST	Then the hanging proceeded so the vampire could watch his beloved swing before he died . "
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ " My , my , " the alchemist crooned .
tr	PAST	" You named her after me ? "
tr	PAST	The older man shuffled backwards and his feet went through the gap , his legs following .
tr	PRES	Don 't forget , if you change your mind , my offer still stands .
tr	PAST	Hot embarrassment washed over me all over again .
tr	PAST	Suddenly his gaze flicked down to my lips and I knew .
tr	PAST	Tying a black cloth over her head , she secured the ends in back and tucked them into the neck of the shirt .
tr	PRES	" Ummm ... " The girl begins to squirm in her seat .
tr	PAST	" We 're going to put glass in the windows next week , " he announced proudly .
tr	PAST	Everything nice and neat and expedient , as he preferred . "
tr	PAST	I leaped in front of Vincent to shield Marty .
tr	PAST	An unexpected soft , almost motherly voice accompanied the pleasant figure .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't answer , she weaved through the boxes littering the floor and knelt in front of him .
tr	PRES	A headline draws my attention .
tr	PAST	Jack sniffed exuberantly , like he had discovered a possibly dangerous creature .
tr	PAST	She groped in her mind for an interesting topic to distract them .
tr	PAST	Immediately after my eyes , irresistibly attracted , they rotated for again placing him on the screen .
tr	PAST	The centurion motioned for the grenadiers to come forward with their launchers .
tr	PRES	A small trickle of blood begins to leak from Lacey 's nose , trailing red down over her lips before dripping onto her lap .
tr	PAST	The warriors painted their faces with four fingers dipped in paint .
tr	PAST	He grunted , applying more pressure , and I hissed a breath between my teeth .
tr	PAST	It was all said under extreme emotion , " she countered but her head fell back , giving him better access to her neck .
tr	PAST	I wept as I listened to him and watched him .
tr	PAST	" You invested in the stock market at the beginning ? "
tr	PRES	" But it stops today . "
tr	PAST	I shrieked in surprise .
tr	PAST	Hours later , Joni rummaged around her mother 's cabinets for a vase to hold James 's roses .
tr	PRES	" She loves you , and it 's wonderful that she wants to express that love by doing good things for others . "
tr	PAST	Boots hopped out with her as Emma reached for her purse and briefcase .
tr	PRES	Nicks and scars shone along his knuckles .
tr	PRES	" Link , " she whispers just before the halberd slices through the air like a pendulum .
tr	PAST	Wren stiffened at her question , in more than one way .
tr	PRES	Well , that explains why I gained fifty pounds in one year .
tr	PAST	In playful terror , the animal fled , and took refuge under his bed .
tr	PAST	Nik swirled the liquid in his glass , struggling to remain calm .
tr	PAST	Finally he awoke as he was toppling over , but he managed to catch himself .
tr	PAST	A huge fat creature emerged from the darkness .
tr	PRES	In the kitchen , I fix myself a grilled cheese sandwich , feeling the need for some comfort food .
tr	PAST	I should have stayed longer at Grenville 's , I reflected as I lit a candle in the darkness of my rooms .
tr	PAST	A few seconds later the most innocent looking brunette emerged from the boxes , carrying two cans of beer .
tr	PAST	He glided across her tongue and to the back of her throat .
tr	PAST	I doubted anyone would believe her , but we couldn 't risk attracting attention from someone who would .
tr	PRES	" They 're more fascinated by you than ever , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	" Sure , " Carol lied .
tr	PAST	Her immense white wings flap furiously as she shots past the ship high into the air .
tr	PAST	Fashioned from cloth and stained a dark red with blood , it also bore an emblem , two dragons heads facing one another .
tr	PAST	The twenty foot TV screen above the entrance glowed bright orange with Goliath 's black logo in the center .
tr	PAST	Jack exclaimed , pushing the pan into the villain 's face , " Die Adam ! "
tr	PAST	You acted as his guard with Insidious Chi and have fought him thrice . "
tr	PAST	They mingled together , causing her to go from furious to terrified in seconds and giving her one fierce headache .
tr	PRES	" She always uses cash , so we can 't follow a money trail , but she often leaves her signature behind anyway . "
tr	PRES	" Face it , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	She wove a lively tale of the highs and lows of one of the most advanced societies of the ancient world .
tr	PAST	Carol slapped his arm then , rolling her eyes at the guests .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to lay down and he sat next to me .
tr	PRES	Lying still on the bed , she stares at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	A rush of hot fetid air assaulted his nostrils .
tr	PAST	The fingers stiffened for a second , and Elaine said , " What was that , Harry ? "
tr	PAST	His friends sensed Jake had become a pond covered with a fragile sheet of ice .
tr	PRES	Says he needs some space .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , dragging my hands across the top of my head and down over my face .
tr	PRES	" Right on both accounts .
tr	PAST	They circled back to the front of the house and started toward the site .
tr	PAST	After a moment , this line advanced forward , driving the battle towards the looming students .
tr	PAST	Her BlackBerry , nestled in the tennis bag along with Sutton 's iPhone , beeped .
tr	PRES	' One of those crystal ball jobs that my cousin Rosa used to use . '
tr	PAST	" But Jason didn 't want to interfere , " Carrie sobbed .
tr	PRES	That explains more than a few things .
tr	PRES	" Oh god ... " Mindy put her hands over her face and sobbed quietly .
tr	PAST	I underestimated everything you 've already been through and grown stronger because of .
tr	PAST	She stormed over to Joan who winked at her again .
tr	PAST	Faint laughter tickled at his ears .
tr	PAST	To us , we based everything we did on a completely different recounting . "
tr	PAST	The ship then bounced once more and slid onto dry ground .
tr	PRES	" Well go on then , lets here it . "
tr	PAST	It bothered Camille , the way he talked to the restaurant 's staff .
tr	PRES	" It might , " she hears her uncle say on the other end of the phone .
tr	PRES	" A hint about what ? "
tr	PRES	The Earth stops being predictable , if it ever really was .
tr	PAST	He chased her down and got in front of her , impeding her progress toward the door .
tr	PRES	" How about Batman and Robin ? "
tr	PRES	Norah frowns her disapproval , and Nathan turns to her .
tr	PAST	It churned his stomach .
tr	PAST	They lingered in each other 's arms for another breath until finally falling away , leaving only their hands clasped together .
tr	PAST	Rita smacked her red lips .
tr	PAST	My flip-flops smacked against my feet as we walked the sandy beach .
tr	PAST	The ancestors eyed it all like vultures preparing for a feast .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , before somebody else kills someone just by being pissed at them , " Dale mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Love a good swim . "
tr	PRES	At the moment when the cop looked up and said " Holy donuts ! "
tr	PAST	He selected several more men who were able to count as far as their fingers and toes to examine individual poles .
tr	PAST	Either that or Flores had lied .
tr	PAST	" Give me a minute to dress , " Douglas ordered and Carter retreated , closing the door .
tr	PAST	Laurel hauled the stiff , balky steering wheel around with all her might .
tr	PAST	Kata 's heart faltered as Uriel grabbed Marika 's hair and ripped her from his flesh , his blood gushing from the wound .
tr	PAST	Needed courage , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" Stay away from Graham 's Shifters while I 'm gone .
tr	PRES	" The wraiths after you ? "
tr	PRES	She protects her eyes with a hand .
tr	PAST	Savannah fumed , " And I bet you don 't have horses either .
tr	PRES	Why involve us in the first place with her ? "
tr	PRES	He throws his line down , and the crows release the man , for they have smelled the fish .
tr	PAST	" Yes , but I 'll be back , " she announced .
tr	PRES	Chloe pushes off and swims away .
tr	PRES	" Kant offers us a different view of goodness than Aristotle did .
tr	PRES	I bet there 's a daytime soap calling my name , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Holt jabbed a finger at Fila .
tr	PRES	But Quinn stands a head taller than most people and as he turns his head , his gaze meets mine .
tr	PRES	I arrive to find Arlo with Rosamund .
tr	PRES	You reek of strawberry right now .
tr	PRES	He uses way too much tongue . "
tr	PAST	He regarded her carefully and took the long way around to stay furthest away from her .
tr	PAST	" No , " they exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Don 't thank me yet , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Before Maggie could answer , hewas going on , his voice as brusque as ever .
tr	PAST	I withdrew and tilted my head back .
tr	PAST	Then Duffy froze for a moment before shooting straight up into the air to hover well above the buildings .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not twitchy ; it 's just that tick of mine , " he joked .
tr	PRES	' Mud pies ! '
tr	PRES	Only ... it changes ye .
tr	PAST	At a run , but still keeping out of sight of the main group of pirates , we chased after the truck .
tr	PRES	He likes to jog so he 's in great shape and he 's interesting .
tr	PAST	Both dogs circled Daniel , scattering the papers Ainsley had so carefully sorted .
tr	PRES	Riley and Oliver stir and Will 's head leaves my shoulder .
tr	PRES	And where you are meeting this Banker . "
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened into golden pools .
tr	PAST	Somehow , he doubted it .
tr	PRES	" Yeah " - he relaxes a moment - " I remember . "
tr	PRES	The Blue Jester sighs heavily and breaks the circle .
tr	PAST	Hope leaped in her chest .
tr	PRES	The frustration at not being able to hurt Ivy puddles in my fists .
tr	PAST	As my narrative continued , his concern deepened and he wore a frown .
tr	PAST	I pretended to leave but I crept back and waited .
tr	PAST	A herald announced the arrival of her guests , Hans and his wife Elaina , Carlos , and Felix .
tr	PRES	Across the hallway , the door opens and Dr White steps out .
tr	PRES	" So scary that he 'd see her as life-threatening .
tr	PAST	Taking her time , Shirley opted for a beautiful white mare .
tr	PRES	He opens all the boxes .
tr	PRES	Jane whipped herself out of bed , still wearing the same clothes she had spent the day before in .
tr	PRES	His mouth drifted down the warm column to the hollow of her shoulder , his teeth grazing her skin gently .
tr	PRES	Chapter One The Gift " Happy birthday , Skyla . "
tr	PRES	Bright light shone up from below , and there was the buzz of human voices and - she shuddered - the barking of dogs .
tr	PRES	" Must have heard I was coming , " she teased .
tr	PAST	A hiss of breath as he crouched beside the injured male , glided his palm over that newly shorn scalp .
tr	PAST	Thomas later awoke from what was a serious head injury and his shoulder was nearly dislocated .
tr	PAST	His voice dimmed and became distant .
tr	PRES	The back hatch opens , and the universe explodes around me .
tr	PRES	He flinches , and then squeezes me tighter .
tr	PRES	' Commander , course correct now ! '
tr	PRES	Turns out that 's what all those cops and firefighters you saw were about . "
tr	PRES	' And pardon me !
tr	PAST	Don the Great restrained his urge to laugh , but could not help but smile as his cousin became almost hysterical .
tr	PAST	She hopped into the cart and tried to be social , but she was just too terrified .
tr	PAST	Her therapist advised her to talk as much as possible and keep nothing bottled up inside .
tr	PAST	Susannah crouched down and fingered the delicate petals .
tr	PRES	Without one , I resort to the stupid girl syndrome .
tr	PRES	" Lights , " I shout into the black expanse .
tr	PRES	In the dark , musty , old vestibule , at the base of a dingy staircase , dim light filters in from above .
tr	PAST	Because the virus spares only those with my blood type , and because I designed the fucking button for them .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my arms , forcing him to drop his , and look at the clock on the wall .
tr	PRES	Lifting me from the taxi , he carries me into the apartment , placing me on the couch .
tr	PAST	The school provided shampoo and conditioner , of course , but she wouldn 't trust her precious hair with anything so commonplace .
tr	PRES	" I grieve for your loss .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think either of us needs to worry about that , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Just give it up , " Amber begged him .
tr	PRES	The route to Pine Lake passes through one stretch of beech that reminded me of the nave of a great Gothic cathedral .
tr	PAST	The rain persisted and he thought to be careful with the leggy animal .
tr	PAST	He scooted away to lean his back against a nearby tree and rested his head against the bark .
tr	PRES	" Who likes me ? "
tr	PRES	" Try not to screw anything up , " Malcolm snaps .
tr	PRES	" You better watch what you do , " the shadow whispers , nearing me .
tr	PAST	" Show me the reminder schedule , " Adela instructed , and the data scrolled itself dutifully down the screen .
tr	PAST	Too new to have gathered dust yet , its bare marble floors reflected back the stars visible through the enormous floor-to-ceiling windows .
tr	PRES	Did you decorate the place yourself ? "
tr	PAST	" Well , most of it is common sense , " he stated , smiling apologetically .
tr	PRES	Full dark never falls here , just this magical grayness .
tr	PRES	" It tends to have a square edge and be thicker for males . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , holding her hand up in mock salute .
tr	PAST	The open houses of the encampment collapsed , their frames splitting as the soil they stood in separated .
tr	PAST	He slapped my ass and grinned as I scowled at him .
tr	PAST	As I studied it , James circled it with long fingers , reaching into my silver jewelry box .
tr	PAST	" I sort of lied to Miriam and told her you pushed back dinner by fifteen minutes so we 'd have a chance to talk . "
tr	PAST	Angel crawled over to where the last of the liquor rested on the broken glass .
tr	PAST	Cardboard boxes were stacked everywhere , their contents identified with marker scrawls : FICTION , POETRY , COOKING , LOCAL INTEREST , ROMANCE .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something , and his axe head glowed yellow , lighting up Manor Minor 's inside .
tr	PRES	The computer consoles around the room are sparking and smoking .
tr	PAST	They stood a distance from the bed , pointing weapons at the motionless body they perceived to be there .
tr	PAST	I 've already downed an entire bottle of water in this Texas heat .
tr	PRES	Just a thin stream of predawn light streams in and I know it is not time to rise , yet I cannot imagine going back to sleep .
tr	PAST	The beast 's massive shoulder smashed the sand .
tr	PAST	He cleaned sand passing over the precious sapphire glass hem of her tank top revealing gesture in the abdomen muscular .
tr	PAST	" Wait for it , " she advised .
tr	PRES	It 's not really necessary , Aunt Pol . '
tr	PRES	Every square inch of skin he uncovered entranced me further .
tr	PRES	When they slip out into the night , I cop a headache and go back to bed , praying in the morning that this nightmare will end .
tr	PRES	Whenever Schultz cornered her in the larder or against the icebox , she simply diverted her eyes , went rigid , and fell silent .
tr	PRES	" To teach engineering , to turn out good engineers . . "
tr	PAST	The smell of her own burning flesh invaded her nostrils .
tr	PRES	Then he glances away , and a giggle slips out of him that 's all boy .
tr	PRES	Oh , the story he told them tonight , nothing but lies to confuse Celeste and keep the others in line .
tr	PAST	Without warning , Jake slapped her across the face .
tr	PAST	Clay regarded her blankly , hoping to defuse her apparent jealousy , but it was too late .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head , looking skeptical , so he glossed over that sticking point and moved on to another of her bigger concerns .
tr	PRES	" Bob Dylan ? "
tr	PRES	Tommy Cray and Mark Lopez .
tr	PAST	The rental car being moved and the changing open window curtain puzzled Daniel .
tr	PRES	Adel stands up to walk him to the door .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth wide and reveals to me her razor sharp fangs .
tr	PAST	" In abundance , too . "
tr	PRES	Tyler reaches down and lifts a black metal blade , with a sharp silver edge , from the ground .
tr	PRES	" What request ? "
tr	PRES	He explains , lifting the wheelbarrow up by its plastic handles .
tr	PRES	" No silly , your telephone number in the States . "
tr	PRES	" This is so good , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Had it been centuries , or millennia , this inconceivable isolation ?
tr	PRES	Just then security rounds the hall , and I 'm afraid for Realm .
tr	PRES	The moon shone down on the plants and if we weren 't on such a disturbing mission , it would look beautiful .
tr	PAST	" What tipped you off ? "
tr	PAST	Fuel spewed from the ground and quickly coated the asphalt around them .
tr	PAST	She eyed me thoughtfully , trying to figure out what I was up to .
tr	PRES	" What about Pagan ? "
tr	PRES	" What causes your qualms ? "
tr	PAST	Clint holstered his guns and sighed , shoulders slowly rising and falling .
tr	PAST	At the base of her throat she painted three small symbols : the moon waxing , full , and waning .
tr	PAST	Josh and Grace elected to stay when the meal was over , feeling much like Maeve and her scarcity of desire to sleep .
tr	PAST	' I think it was one of the rustlers , ' he reported .
tr	PAST	" No , " he stated in a low voice .
tr	PRES	Who sees them ? "
tr	PAST	The bass from the song playing vibrated my chest as I walked farther inside .
tr	PAST	Dozens of radiant eyes floated through the darkness toward the hunters .
tr	PRES	My fingers wiggle behind my back as I think about touching him .
tr	PAST	I always preferred my companions with a pulse .
tr	PAST	Before Shane had read the first word , the phone buzzed in his hand , startling him again .
tr	PAST	Danni advanced on him .
tr	PAST	" He 's coming , Mom , " Aurora announced .
tr	PAST	" Oh , my , " Sylvie exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" It 's that raven , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head , now keenly aware of her wretched dirtiness .
tr	PAST	Maddy skipped off down the left hand corridor .
tr	PAST	The speakerphone on the senator 's desk buzzed with an incoming call .
tr	PAST	We piled into Ava 's car and zipped over to the friendly mega store .
tr	PRES	As she talks , my skin begins to tingle , much like the Need .
tr	PRES	They tickle my nose . "
tr	PAST	I cocked my head at Walker .
tr	PRES	The engine begins to strain , and in effortless coordination , she shifts to Third while I press the clutch .
tr	PRES	Change a few words and Amy 's story matches mine .
tr	PRES	" As you say , " he winks , slipping his hand under the crook of her elbow .
tr	PRES	His suggestion slides out with his beer breath .
tr	PRES	You assume there 's no genuine love in this world because of one unsuccessful relationship .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the buttons to answer fast enough .
tr	PAST	He groped around to find where he had put the flashlight , grabbed it , and started to fiddle with the on / off switch .
tr	PAST	Op Nine motioned for us to kneel .
tr	PRES	" Well , who can help me teach these ... " He grabbed the list from the desk and shook it at them .
tr	PRES	He chuckles then pats my shoulders as if to say my back is now free of dirt .
tr	PAST	Garn attempted to follow directly in Hal 's giant footprints , so as to make the walk easier .
tr	PAST	" Ungrateful brat , " he chided , urging her over the threshold .
tr	PAST	She cocked her eyebrows .
tr	PRES	He stands from the bed , pulling me up with him .
tr	PAST	Or so horrified by what she knew that she could only think to get away .
tr	PRES	As he follows , he draws the rest of his surroundings inside him , reading the past and present in the flow of old and fresh trails .
tr	PAST	Her hands and her brown irises glowed orange .
tr	PRES	He holds your family responsible for the hardships he and his ancestors have endured over the years .
tr	PRES	" Your blood healed me .
tr	PAST	Drake regarded the coughing fit .
tr	PAST	They smoked hundreds of joints , passing them up and down the halls of the dorms as if the law had also overturned the school rules .
tr	PAST	He zeroed in on the thin space between the door and the frame .
tr	PRES	I doubt it is a coincidence , " Hartman explains .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , epically awful . "
tr	PAST	This time , Finn inched closer to him and used his shoulder to help prop him up .
tr	PRES	" Only fearless . "
tr	PRES	As if sensing the worst topic anybody could ever bring up has been introduced , the entire band joins us in the room that already feels sweltering .
tr	PRES	Glass figurines , and bowls filled with diamonds , sapphires , rubies and emeralds as big as her fist .
tr	PAST	She crouched down to look for tonic , or anything to mix the liquor with , but found only purified water .
tr	PAST	" No , Ryan , it certainly does not , " Sarah giggled .
tr	PRES	" You sleepy ? "
tr	PAST	Jacqueline refrained from mentioning that she 'd been the one to submit the gelatin recipe , which had long been a club favorite .
tr	PRES	Tears threaten my eyes , and I rub at my nose .
tr	PAST	Libby dismissed him with a wave of the hand .
tr	PRES	Like a whisper , a low growl rises in the vicinity of his throat .
tr	PAST	He feared losing Helena and he believed he might be losing his mind .
tr	PRES	Then a pair of huge hands grasps my arms and tugs me to a halt .
tr	PAST	Back in his office Charlie pondered the move he wanted to make .
tr	PRES	How well you fulfill the prophecies of old !
tr	PRES	" What about Katie ? "
tr	PRES	Standing amidst a full auditorium in Sacramento , nearly fifteen years after coming to America , John holds up his right hand and swears .
tr	PRES	Silence passes between us as we reach the rocks and we start to climb up them .
tr	PAST	I jolted out of bed like someone had shocked me and ran to the window .
tr	PAST	he grunted , darting around me .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted with his belt strap .
tr	PAST	I stared out , my hands clasped behind my back , fingering the diamond ring on my left hand .
tr	PAST	He trusted his feelings .
tr	PRES	Kimbra mumbled looking up from her hands .
tr	PRES	And people crave something different .
tr	PAST	But his steps slowed as he reached the door .
tr	PAST	Logan however , disobeyed the order .
tr	PRES	But then the smile fades .
tr	PAST	" I want to help you , " I rasped .
tr	PAST	A distance of six feet reduced my changes of effectively neutralizing him .
tr	PRES	" He likes you ! "
tr	PRES	My side of ship opens with the hatch standing vertically .
tr	PAST	I signalled back that I was OK and he 'd left with the others .
tr	PAST	" They say witches can 't travel over water , " Eamon announced .
tr	PAST	She sensed Bethan looking round , calmly assessing the situation , trying to ascertain what was going on .
tr	PAST	" To cope with the loss of your mother and the subsequent events that transpired after her death , you created an alter ego . "
tr	PRES	" What if the chaperone hears us ?
tr	PAST	" There goes David , " Holly stated the obvious .
tr	PRES	He strikes me as desperate . "
tr	PAST	The captain fanned his fingers out from his left palm and the rest of the squad sealed off the studio area .
tr	PRES	" No , no , Mrs Meadows .
tr	PRES	The door slides open and Adam and I jump 10 feet apart .
tr	PAST	She joked , thumping her chest with a fist and turning it into a sideways peace sign .
tr	PAST	Certain unexpected circumstances that had imposed themselves some thirty days earlier resulted in my more frequent visits to the Opera .
tr	PRES	You have heard of that , I assume ? "
tr	PRES	Dammit , Dan , I - " " Shut up and listen , buddy .
tr	PRES	Dad glares at him , but he doesn 't move his hand from mine .
tr	PAST	Rage engulfed Bowe when he comprehended what he 'd just done - with a bloody witch .
tr	PRES	Everybody likes the plan ?
tr	PAST	His black gaze roamed her face as if memorizing it , and then he leaned down and placed a soft , quick kiss on her mouth .
tr	PRES	" So , Sir , what was it like , eh ?
tr	PRES	Red orbs light up all around us .
tr	PRES	Almost every plane allows sand to exist inside it for purpose of substance and ground to exist .
tr	PRES	" He 's a hormone on wheels , " I correct .
tr	PRES	" I assume that , in return , you would want what I have stored eliminated ? "
tr	PAST	She meandered around the hive like the living dead -- her body moved , but her spirit was elsewhere , dull and unresponsive .
tr	PRES	He lifted his head , his eyes shimmering with emotion .
tr	PAST	Dark energy swirled in the atmosphere .
tr	PAST	Then , with only a slight pause , she replaced her hand on his arm and resumed what she had been saying .
tr	PRES	" Oh , yeah , sounds good , " I mumbled as the waitress arrived with our pizza .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , Syd , " he mumbled , as he tangled his fingers tightly in my hair .
tr	PRES	" I teach dog obedience classes and I 'm training service dogs .
tr	PAST	I caressed his back so as to lessen the pain .
tr	PRES	" Our plan begins to unfold on the morrow , tonight we sleep , " Malik replied , one more devious than the next .
tr	PRES	His already swelling cock .
tr	PAST	Chapter 2 -- Still Alive Melody gradually awoke to the sound of muted voices outside of her darkened room .
tr	PAST	Smiling , she announced , " Well , I think I want dinner out after all . "
tr	PAST	Liu brandished his sword .
tr	PRES	I slap my hands over my mouth , my eyes widening to the size of dinner plates .
tr	PRES	" I 'll bite her , Elijah .
tr	PAST	Kelly pretended to pout .
tr	PAST	His leather tongue writhed , trying vainly to form words , to speak , but managed only a clotted hiss .
tr	PAST	Mom cleaned up the mess .
tr	PAST	Suddenly my mind fogged over , and I couldn 't remember ... had he really died ?
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat , and I swallowed hard .
tr	PRES	I yell to Hayden .
tr	PAST	I pinched the bridge of my nose .
tr	PAST	Felice shuffled in with another fifth of the superb wine .
tr	PRES	The others file out of the upstairs room slowly , but my dad and I remain .
tr	PAST	" Mom , " the girl giggled good-naturedly .
tr	PAST	I dove to catch her before she hit the ground .
tr	PRES	They cycle in and out with a recklessness that leaves you in awe .
tr	PAST	Clary jabbed her hand toward the door .
tr	PAST	Elsa without a word cleaned the bowls and bottles .
tr	PAST	A shiver washed over him , throwing his black hair over his eyes and veiling his face from me .
tr	PRES	" No , " Dham breathes beside me .
tr	PRES	What kind of person even considers something like this ? "
tr	PRES	" For now , relax .
tr	PRES	We chuckle a bit at the joke and Mason nods a goodbye .
tr	PAST	I doubted it even crossed his mind .
tr	PAST	She even slapped him when he tried to kiss her .
tr	PAST	He exhaled heavily and dropped into a nearby chair .
tr	PAST	Tavi stabilized his flight and shook his head furiously .
tr	PAST	You predicted this would happen .
tr	PRES	Before he gets out of the stable , he stops and hollers down to me .
tr	PRES	That DNA belongs to your killer . "
tr	PAST	" Guilty as charged . "
tr	PAST	" I pretended to work all day . "
tr	PRES	" And because Charlotte 's so very pregnant and craving chocolate . "
tr	PRES	I push my hair off my shoulder , " What can I say , everyone loves me . "
tr	PRES	His voice fills with longing reminding me of our earlier conversation .
tr	PAST	Mikhail never before beheld his wife so beautiful and radiant as she looked then .
tr	PAST	The women quietly pondered Helen 's words .
tr	PRES	It 's day two , you better text me back .
tr	PRES	Midna snaps back , gradually calming herself .
tr	PRES	Of wicked midnight delights that she wanted to spend the entire day sampling .
tr	PRES	What the hilltop had revealed shone much brighter than before .
tr	PAST	He received plenty of stares as he left the bathroom and waited for Liz by the door .
tr	PRES	" Please just ... spare my sister ... " Tears choke her ; she can hardly breathe anymore .
tr	PAST	I always dreamed of going to Fall Fest with you on my arm . "
tr	PRES	Yellow light shone from the overhead lamp onto unfinished pine cupboards .
tr	PRES	He revved his engine again .
tr	PAST	She shrieked as a cloaked figure walked toward her .
tr	PRES	Cindy brings sandwiches , chicken salad , and cookies to the table .
tr	PAST	Toren braced his weight on his arms , but could not bring himself to slide from her warmth .
tr	PAST	Kaylee 's face collapsed into a mask of despair .
tr	PAST	The sea monster dove again .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to my empty hands .
tr	PAST	" Two months , " she countered immediately .
tr	PRES	And just then , the guy glances over his shoulder at me , his dark eyes concerned , and I turn away again .
tr	PRES	He won 't bite you , " Jessi teased .
tr	PRES	Olivia lies down and wiggles to get comfortable on the hard surface of the bar .
tr	PRES	Let 's just say without telling you too much , that we can detect them , which explains why you 're still alive . "
tr	PAST	Zoe adjusted to this new reality , getting over the grisly details .
tr	PAST	She could have slapped him .
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath , Hal scampered across the freezing wooden floor in his bare feet and snatched up his pack .
tr	PRES	A smile sneaks out before I can stop it .
tr	PAST	He regarded them for a minute before speaking .
tr	PRES	When Jeff hears he is in this state , he approaches me about moving his pack up to this area at least for the time being .
tr	PAST	Something rustled in the brush , followed by a bleating voice .
tr	PRES	She reaches forward and runs her fingertips along the dashboard .
tr	PRES	* I meant hourglass supplies .
tr	PRES	She then returns to base , simple and easy . "
tr	PRES	" To Henri . "
tr	PRES	It passes the time . "
tr	PAST	He flattened against the barn at the sound of footsteps .
tr	PAST	Catfish eyed the pile cautiously and then steered the heavy machine into the mound and set to work .
tr	PAST	A foot emerged , dressed in what he was sure was an expensive black leather heel .
tr	PAST	" Very complicated . "
tr	PRES	His eyes twinkle and his mouth twitches into a smile .
tr	PRES	He whispers , " They 're with me .
tr	PRES	He changes the subject quickly : - " Soeren was certainly keen to see you , Lone " .
tr	PRES	Local languages still represent most dialogue , and there are over a million different languages in the Federation .
tr	PRES	' Stop it - let go - you - you prick . '
tr	PAST	She crouched down in the wet soil of the flower bed , taking out the night-vision goggles she 'd stolen .
tr	PRES	' Don 't worry , Pol .
tr	PRES	What brings you to this particular wing of the castle ?
tr	PAST	He also slowed , the closer we got to his house .
tr	PRES	" I hate her , " I murmur to myself .
tr	PAST	If you get convicted you lose your visa and you have a felony conviction on your record .
tr	PRES	The more you tease a woman , the better your chances . "
tr	PRES	Ben likes him too .
tr	PAST	" Whatever you 've got to say , I don 't want to hear it , " he stated and tried to push past him .
tr	PRES	' An Arch Mage , alive in my time . '
tr	PRES	" Thanks " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	But linking required unquestioned trust .
tr	PRES	We all pile in the room and it really is a sight to see .
tr	PRES	" Wattle ... , " I chuckle .
tr	PAST	Ethan pretended to think about it .
tr	PAST	Something plant derived ? "
tr	PRES	" I love you so much , " he states , his voice catching in his throat .
tr	PRES	" You the best , bro . "
tr	PAST	This woman stole his ability to think , reason and apparently his ability to talk rationally , as well .
tr	PAST	He warily clasped her buttocks pulling her in closer as he nuzzled her neck .
tr	PRES	I strain my eyes , peering into the layers of darkness .
tr	PRES	Thomas reaches out a hand and Aris shakes it .
tr	PAST	His fists sought out retribution .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat a little too loudly .
tr	PRES	The local handyman offers help , but he has his own shadowy past .
tr	PRES	Appeared as a minor character in two school plays .
tr	PRES	" What a party , " he mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	A look of contentment painted his sooty face .
tr	PAST	Sometimes progress saddened Thomas .
tr	PAST	I exited the room into the dimly lit hallway .
tr	PRES	Yes , it causes me superficial pain , but that is all .
tr	PAST	He sensed Jacques and Gregori above the earth .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed " I mean , " calming herself down .
tr	PRES	He gazes up at the smoky sky , spreading his arms out to the side of him .
tr	PRES	Pulled the trigger yourself from what I heard . "
tr	PRES	Then we bide our time .
tr	PAST	She tensed at his words so he quickly continued .
tr	PRES	Fu ' yar frowns , whispering to her ears only .
tr	PRES	Your brain fills it in however it sees fit .
tr	PAST	" Here we go , one for each of you , " she instructed with a smile .
tr	PRES	I assume it 's because something he 's going to tell you has to do with me . "
tr	PRES	Sarah hardly cracks a smile .
tr	PAST	He never quit , and his honesty in the circle was dead-on .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled at the mere mention of such a threat .
tr	PRES	My world freezes when I notice the gorgeous black beauty near the front of the pack .
tr	PAST	Just as the shot went off , Gabriel tickled my side .
tr	PRES	' One last question , professor , ' I begged .
tr	PRES	" An alliance . "
tr	PRES	Devotion solely to " relative happiness , " tends to fill one with shallow ideas and pursuits such as money , fame , beauty , and power .
tr	PAST	You could 've hit her in the head , " Will ow chided him politely nodding her head toward Larissa .
tr	PRES	The village breathed , hearts beating , children 's laughter ringing out .
tr	PAST	Colin 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PAST	" Addison Coleman , please clearly state your claimed ability . "
tr	PAST	He thanked God in that moment that he couldn 't taste the rotting flesh .
tr	PRES	One lurches up to Jesse , wrapping its roots around his legs .
tr	PRES	" Rick ... in this part of the world money buys anything .
tr	PRES	Sarah supposed in some respects he wasn 't so different from her .
tr	PAST	I retort , looking him straight in the eye .
tr	PRES	" She is a woman , " he teased .
tr	PAST	I served as Shane 's internal alarm clock .
tr	PRES	He strokes his neck and talks to him as he moves toward his flank , toward the stirrup .
tr	PAST	Our bodies pitched and strained , grasped and clutched .
tr	PAST	Eric proved that when he saw me in the club . "
tr	PAST	I unzipped one of the duffel bags .
tr	PRES	" Because you 're going to become a wife and a mother of two all in the space of the next few days , darlin ' . "
tr	PRES	His lips fold in and he shakes his head .
tr	PRES	Jeremy stands up suddenly , his face red and fuming , but his wife pulls him back down .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arm right out to grab it , and begins rubbing it on his trousers before popping it in his pocket .
tr	PRES	She chuckles against my chest .
tr	PAST	Smoke , fire , more sensed than seen .
tr	PRES	Everyone cheers and applauds .
tr	PAST	Chloe 's eyes glazed over and fluttered shut , but she was stil breathing , stil alive .
tr	PRES	The door chime lets out a chirp .
tr	PRES	Slowly , she approaches me .
tr	PRES	And get yourself in tune while you 're at it . "
tr	PAST	The girls surrounding her all achieved a high B average each week .
tr	PAST	Stopping just a few feet away from me , she eyed me up and down .
tr	PAST	She risked a quick glance at her own group but ignored the black looks .
tr	PAST	I eyed him carefully .
tr	PAST	He motioned up the stairs .
tr	PRES	" Not that I recall . "
tr	PRES	The sounds grew louder as I continued , a broader variety of the same snarling hisses .
tr	PRES	" Beg pardon ? "
tr	PRES	A pair of gemstone eyes shone through the gloom .
tr	PAST	Tanner 's soap mingled with the musky smoke swirling around the old church .
tr	PRES	The love and honor vows .
tr	PAST	She yawned , stretching her arms above her head .
tr	PRES	Not even nak * d. With him .
tr	PAST	At that point , an almighty scream pierced the air , so hideous it sent ice shards tearing through my veins .
tr	PRES	" Physically inevitable or not , truth stands above all things .
tr	PAST	To compensate , he often visited his favorite Aunt , Lydia and her four children .
tr	PRES	" What fella ? "
tr	PAST	A wave of calmness washed over her .
tr	PAST	Emily reflected on the feeling of freedom and safety that she now enjoyed .
tr	PAST	His eyes never wavered from mine , though they did take on a distance .
tr	PRES	James opens one eye to look over at me , and I smile broadly .
tr	PAST	As Monica came to help me take everything in , my phone beeped again .
tr	PAST	His gaze caressed her .
tr	PAST	Twisting around , he dove for the fence , to the gap along the bottom where Kane had crawled through .
tr	PAST	He doubted his boss had any interest in that .
tr	PRES	I rip more energy from his chest and fling it at another , then another , and another .
tr	PAST	He flicked it and her away .
tr	PAST	" Ha , ha , I was actually saying the amount was small in comparison to a car , " she giggled .
tr	PAST	The curls of her blond bob created a halo and her face was pale except for her red lips .
tr	PAST	More tears washed down his face .
tr	PAST	After taking the bag , he compared what she 'd bought with one of the nails still in his pocket .
tr	PAST	" You always protected me . "
tr	PAST	" The king instructed me to see the marriage done , and I intend to do so .
tr	PRES	I slice through one coming toward me and lower the sword , the fire going out .
tr	PAST	And though his head continued to be at war with his heart , he justified his relationship with Abbie .
tr	PRES	" It tastes like sperm . "
tr	PRES	She beamed him a sly grin , and batted her eyelashes .
tr	PRES	Time passes quickly and we reach the stubby plant I have come to know and kind of like on the outskirts of the lake .
tr	PAST	A loud applause arose .
tr	PAST	" A condemned , abandoned house .
tr	PRES	An unspoken understanding passes between them before they scurry out .
tr	PAST	Charmaine squinted at her .
tr	PRES	" It tastes good , though , right ? "
tr	PAST	A sense of dread and regret instantly washed over her .
tr	PAST	Rann stares , saying softly , not smiling .
tr	PAST	He 's still on the ground from the last time he pretended to attack her .
tr	PAST	The moons crawled across the space between the rocks , then something else moved , something it had never seen before .
tr	PAST	I will return tomorrow to redress them unless you can find someone to tend to it , " the doctor instructed .
tr	PAST	" Well I 'd say it wouldn 't necessarily surprise her , " Lyssa joked , turning around with a half-hearted smile .
tr	PRES	The discarded gum wrappers and empty coffee cups rolling around on the floor .
tr	PRES	He deserves to go to jail . "
tr	PRES	It allows you to be your best self .
tr	PRES	" But without remedy .
tr	PAST	He yawned and rubbed his eyes , and I wondered what could be keeping him up at night .
tr	PAST	She also collected piles of pelts , which would be useful for warmth over winter .
tr	PRES	It no longer tries to be smarter than it is .
tr	PRES	Those little giggles belong to sprites . "
tr	PAST	As I walked up the gentle hill towards South Gate I still puzzled over the problem of whether or not Mr Perrin was honest .
tr	PRES	I just smack his hand out of the way .
tr	PAST	Makeup , coffee , and bottles created a Pollock painting of stuff .
tr	PRES	' Thought better of it , eh ? '
tr	PAST	" I never attended any school , even the private schools .
tr	PRES	" You don 't need any , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He rips the backing off it and slaps it on the man 's arm .
tr	PRES	The day approaches when my law will flow from them , and no longer show itself as worn carvings upon a stone . "
tr	PRES	The smile stretches across my mouth before I can help it .
tr	PAST	They flung wide the door to her father 's office and found a man 's body seated behind the desk .
tr	PRES	" You old witch !
tr	PAST	Weston wildly swiped and grabbed for Brady , held back just in time by the coach .
tr	PAST	She sensed behind Byron 's calm exterior a predator hunting .
tr	PAST	Not even the howl of the wind intruded on this quiet space .
tr	PAST	But something bothered Bob .
tr	PRES	As we reach the walkway , the alarm in the distance finally stops , and the sudden quiet is somehow scarier : a silent scream .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	And over so trivial a thing .
tr	PRES	The letter 'D . '
tr	PRES	I wanted to thank you , " he beamed at her .
tr	PAST	His sons hopped out from the back and we followed Henry to the cliff .
tr	PAST	I clutched at the wall , searching for my door handle .
tr	PAST	Almost there , she prayed , almost there ... .
tr	PRES	" It belongs under the pool on the roof .
tr	PRES	The doors swing open and I watch Jayden climb out of his parents ' car .
tr	PRES	That it holds the secrets to my so-called life .
tr	PAST	What tipped you off ? "
tr	PAST	The dew soaked through his shirt .
tr	PAST	He indulged himself , taking her body for his own , giving her his body without reservation , bringing her again and again to shuddering ecstasy .
tr	PRES	Sawyer stands clear as I assemble the pasta in our biggest casserole dish .
tr	PRES	" The big one , " I echo , only half listening .
tr	PRES	Hospitals freaked her out for a reason I did not know -- a reason that was written all over her face .
tr	PAST	And a slate tiled floor with underfloor heating . "
tr	PAST	He eyed her for a moment .
tr	PAST	The growers wept , but this time , none of them fled .
tr	PAST	" Maybe , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	Blood drops on the carpet -- Moon 's I hope -- provided a perfect tracking trail .
tr	PAST	" You can 't help someone who doesn 't want it , Jackson , " Liv urged .
tr	PRES	I just don 't ... " " Paris ! "
tr	PAST	Lady Hutchinson 's protestations ceased as the helpless pup burrowed itself in the woman 's arms , whimpering softly .
tr	PAST	Justin silently motioned to Sienna to join Kyle at the microphone and crooked his little finger for me to move closer to him .
tr	PRES	" So what can I do for you two , I assume you didn 't just come here to chat about the weather . "
tr	PAST	She swiped at the tears on her cheeks and turned to Simon .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled my neck .
tr	PRES	' And I thought I had issues , ' the man mumbled through a giant white beard .
tr	PAST	She smacked my arm playfully .
tr	PRES	The look stands out to him as bright as the sunrise .
tr	PAST	My free hand balled into a fist and I smashed it against the bottom of the couch .
tr	PAST	Traffic slowed as people tried not to die in the rain .
tr	PRES	Wes runs his finger through my hair , a loose smile plays on his lips .
tr	PAST	Her voice wavered , and her eyes went distant .
tr	PAST	" Olivia , I 'm back , " Maddy announced , strolling up beside me and breaking the strange silence .
tr	PAST	Then he plunged forward into the darkness .
tr	PAST	She stripped and dressed in her night rail , then climbed into bed .
tr	PAST	Taking the hint I flicked the switch to the lowest setting and the toy buzzed to life .
tr	PAST	" Sibyl 's my daughter , " she announced in a very loud voice when Colin stopped and looked back at her .
tr	PAST	She propped a hand on her hip .
tr	PRES	" You never conceived a child with him and he left you , " Abigail .
tr	PAST	Paul froze and glanced in the rear view mirror .
tr	PRES	" I snuck on this boat because I had no money .
tr	PRES	" Your teeth , have they always been , pointy ? "
tr	PAST	Avril tugged on my hand with just her fingers , a gentle nudge , and when I turned she was smiling .
tr	PRES	He winks at Della and waits for her to acknowledge my progress .
tr	PRES	She refuses to eat .
tr	PRES	" Savannah Lynn Curtis .
tr	PAST	My father never approved of any friends I tried to bring home from school , so I never had a proverbial BFF .
tr	PRES	" One of his books was a best seller , " she said , " It still brings in royalties . "
tr	PRES	Shai lets out a whimper .
tr	PRES	Blake slows down and pulls onto a dirt side road that has been recently plowed .
tr	PRES	It has slides and swings and jungle gyms want you to come with me Saturday to look at it .
tr	PAST	Completely , totally baffled .
tr	PAST	On the other end of the receiver , papers rustled and a door clicked shut .
tr	PAST	Aram plopped down on the edge of Jason 's bed .
tr	PRES	Holden reaches out to me and laces his fingers in that intimate way and I swear I float up off the floor .
tr	PRES	Prewitt coughs , splashing the water pitch over his head and naked chest , cleaning off his vomit , their sweat , and her perfume .
tr	PAST	He slowly tipped the test tube .
tr	PAST	He glided , like a tiger .
tr	PRES	" What chick ? "
tr	PRES	A crew in special suits collects them and carts them away .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I will , " he mumbled , so quietly I was sure he was only talking to himself .
tr	PRES	She whispers and I nod , briefly forgetting she was there that night , watching from the sidelines as some of us were led to our deaths .
tr	PRES	" What about Amanda Werner and those other women ? "
tr	PRES	" His face carries the evidence .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight I 'd had a few boyfriends before I met Bryan , but none of them serious .
tr	PAST	The internet buzzed over speculation about exactly who Mac was and why he never revealed his identity .
tr	PRES	Liam produces a cape from a bag that hangs around his waist on a string .
tr	PRES	The tremble in my heart matches the one in my hand as I move my fingers away from his mouth .
tr	PAST	Gideon inquired , though his gaze was focused on Aria .
tr	PRES	Flushing , Anton elbows him hard in the ribs .
tr	PAST	He stifled a snarl .
tr	PAST	I shrieked and fell , rolling over and looking behind me .
tr	PRES	" Paul , are you - " " Open .
tr	PRES	" I have my moments , " she beamed .
tr	PAST	When he saw Jason charging up the steps , he emerged from his position , sword in hand , and an arrow instantly pierced his side .
tr	PRES	After kissing Penny , I snuck Maryanne here .
tr	PRES	" Honored visitors , " The Shrine announces grandly .
tr	PAST	He grunted like he didn 't agree and turned back to look out the window and the beautiful expanse of land and snow .
tr	PRES	' ' Rick . "
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PAST	Kissing her head , he sensed the happiness inside David .
tr	PRES	" One man refuses to stand by and let this happen . "
tr	PRES	Your bedroom window opens two inches .
tr	PRES	Her pointy , buckled , black , pump boots hugged her ankles as did her pants .
tr	PRES	" I assume that your wards detected my presence .
tr	PRES	She clutches her throat with both hands .
tr	PAST	Her expression revealed a conflict between her desire to believe them and the memory of recent betrayal .
tr	PAST	She trusted Justine implicitly .
tr	PAST	The howlers shrieked fearfully , calling to one another .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for waiting , sis .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed when I stepped onto the porch .
tr	PAST	No doubt his eyes glowed gold as well .
tr	PAST	He just froze in place , imagining what the next verse would sound like .
tr	PRES	" If the Council loses the war . "
tr	PAST	Sasha engaged the lock behind them and went in search of that bottle of wine .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens and Maryanne 's tongue slides inside .
tr	PRES	But I ram my elbow at him , anyway .
tr	PRES	" See , " he groaned , " Hell hath no fury ... " Kate grinned as she helped him up .
tr	PRES	We compare notes in the morning , girl . "
tr	PAST	To Crawley , Toby bore a selfishness .
tr	PAST	He conducted a few more tests , which he knew Liam could assess along with him .
tr	PRES	Tyler stands , takes my hand , and places the cool metal in my palm .
tr	PAST	A moment later , a thundering sound on the road announced the imminent approach of horses .
tr	PAST	Maureen 's smile waned , and she looked at her watch .
tr	PAST	Andy thanked Francesco for all the specialties that were catered in from Nashville .
tr	PRES	She loves you so much that she left to give you the life she thinks you want .
tr	PAST	Sipping from a glass of icy water , he lounged on the golden velvet chaise in Sara 's Parisian office with one arm slung over the back .
tr	PAST	But instead of throwing it on the floor , he stuffed it inside his pants pocket .
tr	PAST	He tugged his shirt over his head and pitched it onto the sofa .
tr	PRES	One she knew nothing about except that he made her mother 's people tremble in terror .
tr	PAST	A teenage girl named Shelly asked if that meant we had been left behind after the Rapture .
tr	PRES	Lexi flips over and fixes me with a mischievous look .
tr	PRES	Lifting one knee and then the other , she carefully straddles my lap and then edges forward , her breaths coming fast and short .
tr	PAST	She balled her hands into fists .
tr	PAST	She stomped down the stairs and swept into the room like the Red Queen , muttering , Fine , where 's the stupid letter ?
tr	PAST	" Wow , it 's a bit strange of you to ask me out for food and not for a drink , " he joked .
tr	PRES	The wind whipped around them powerfully , blasting her hair back from her face and howling noisily .
tr	PAST	Lissa came right then , her body so in tune with him she exploded on command .
tr	PAST	Kiernan had volunteered to go in search of some lunch , and I was happy to take him up on the offer .
tr	PRES	Every hair on my body stands up , and I lift my hand from her knee and thread my fingers with hers so she 'll stop .
tr	PRES	" Every girl here wishes she could be with him . "
tr	PRES	Who talks like that anymore ? "
tr	PAST	As soon as I stepped into the ring she flung herself at me and I was crushed under her weight .
tr	PRES	He looked to the floor , considering , dark lashes brushing his cheeks .
tr	PAST	The next room proved to be equally unrewarding .
tr	PRES	" That explains some things ... But everything feels so real ... " the girl ran her hand over the table surface .
tr	PRES	Glass that holds no reflection .
tr	PAST	He retreated behind the curtain that shielded his workroom and the private showrooms , then returned quickly with a piece of folded black velvet .
tr	PRES	Abigail rested her head on her arm , breaths still shallow , eyes shut .
tr	PRES	The lights twinkle and some heavy rock music plays so loudly I can barely hear the screams from inside the cages .
tr	PAST	He dared not pause to think about it .
tr	PRES	" Oh my God , please shoot me now , " Katie mumbled from beneath her pillow .
tr	PRES	" He sort of blamed it on Vietnam ... well ... maybe not .
tr	PRES	Adel 's father stands up looking eye to eye with his Uncle .
tr	PRES	Finally , as he does whenever Blake is around , he crawls on top of his father 's body , and falls asleep .
tr	PAST	" Emma , " he crooned softly .
tr	PRES	" Those things will kill you , " Susan teased .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " I mumbled , hoping she didn 't think I was a total nut job .
tr	PAST	Devon bristled , his shoulders stiffened angrily .
tr	PAST	She clutched Percival to her breast .
tr	PAST	Ji Hu perked up and leaned over the seat joining the conversation .
tr	PAST	Teresa had chased off the actress for her own reasons .
tr	PRES	You reproach me that I parted with you .
tr	PAST	Meatball fetched a cushion and slipped it behind his head .
tr	PRES	Graeme whipped his head around to pierce the other woman with his gaze .
tr	PAST	" Then the whole thing collapsed around her .
tr	PRES	" You organize and supervise a team of door knockers for the whole area between the school and home .
tr	PAST	They preferred to talk of other things ; basic education and the enlightenment of knowing that humans were not alone in the universe .
tr	PRES	' Certain death approaches , but if we cast our fate into the hands of the gods they may bear us to better fortunes . '
tr	PAST	Case unbuttoned the man 's shirt , pulled off the tie and placed his hand on the corpse 's chest .
tr	PAST	Adam uttered , ignoring Abbey and focusing on Rick .
tr	PAST	Thus , nothing prevented the boy from accessing the information .
tr	PRES	He sees the object as a subject .
tr	PRES	He holds them in his hands .
tr	PAST	Then to my amazed horror , Mary Ellen suddenly ceased being limp and jumped up , racing toward me .
tr	PAST	Something rustled , and I thought I heard a male voice murmur something .
tr	PRES	A middle aged woman falls in love with a younger neighbor .
tr	PAST	" Officer Terry phoned me about it last night .
tr	PAST	" Oops , sorry , " she giggled , returning to her girlish self .
tr	PRES	He rises from the table and smiles .
tr	PRES	A chauffer holds the car 's rear door open , and the woman gracefully slips into its luxuriously upholstered seats .
tr	PAST	Kira willed her breathing to slow as she counted backward from thirty .
tr	PRES	Zeus sighs heavily and kneads his temples .
tr	PAST	His words jolted her .
tr	PAST	Scans revealed that half of the interior was destroyed , and a large part of the exterior was visibly destroyed as well .
tr	PAST	He fetched up hard against the balcony railing .
tr	PRES	Impatience fills her voice .
tr	PAST	With his hand still on the collar of my shirt , he hauled me to the railing .
tr	PRES	Puddles surround the corpses .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her mirror again , relieved to see that the Toyota had finally dropped back a little .
tr	PAST	An arm circled my waist , steadying me .
tr	PAST	We clasped hands firmly , and I took off into the night once more .
tr	PAST	And it destroyed him .
tr	PRES	None of those words adequately describe Trick , though .
tr	PRES	Says he 's ' hurt ' ; takes your refusal as a sign that you are not really ' settled ' here . "
tr	PAST	She clutched her water glass in an effort to stop the trembling in her hands .
tr	PRES	She saw the doctor and Robert turn towards the sound , their matching frowns deepening .
tr	PAST	It rumbled up my spine to my hairline and I almost shivered against it .
tr	PAST	She saluted him with the water bottle and took a long , cooling drink .
tr	PAST	I froze in Luke 's arms .
tr	PAST	" You guys are missing out , " she teased , gesturing to the bowl on the table .
tr	PAST	Don 't do it , Emma , I urged .
tr	PAST	" Yes , that 's correct , Mr. Messick . "
tr	PRES	The first to miss loses . "
tr	PRES	Visions of blood and insanity vanish , leaving me staring at Ivy 's eager eyes .
tr	PAST	" I 'm ready , " she announced .
tr	PRES	Now she was draped over him , her feminine scent teasing his nose , her soft curves his to explore .
tr	PRES	" I think it 's good , what you 're doing for your mom , " I add shyly .
tr	PAST	The nid shrank back , picking nervously at the broom 's bristles .
tr	PAST	I underestimated the thing , though .
tr	PAST	I just pretended I didn 't have a son .
tr	PRES	" How much farther Loki ? "
tr	PRES	One of the trackers whispers to his counterpart , " My girlfriend has a cat that has taken a liking to me .
tr	PRES	" Do not worry , beloved .
tr	PRES	" Lie on your stomach , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , their faces and clothes transformed and revealed their true identity - Cindy and Vanessa .
tr	PRES	The music stops and Rex loses his train of thought .
tr	PRES	And even when we act for the noblest reasons , the last link of the chain all too often drips with someone 's blood .
tr	PAST	I exhaled the smoke , coughing instantly .
tr	PRES	I scramble to the farthest corner in the kitchen , behind a table , and pull my knees to my chest .
tr	PAST	They created a panel of major journalists who studied and found that there were no violations .
tr	PRES	" I provide good company .
tr	PRES	" Maybe I am , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He rummaged around the kitchen , looking for something appealing to eat , Elle occupying his every thought .
tr	PAST	She prepped herself for the possibility the body in the river could be Blane 's after all .
tr	PAST	Kae untied his white and saddled it quickly , mounted and rode out too .
tr	PAST	" This is a sloppy Joe , " she announced .
tr	PRES	" They sell weapons , " Hit answers at once .
tr	PAST	They proceeded to do primary drilling work .
tr	PRES	" He loves her .
tr	PAST	Kiara berated herself for being so direct .
tr	PAST	She doubted it ; the last thing she could remember was his little self-esteem speech before he 'd ditched her in the woods .
tr	PRES	" I should go , " he whispers , his voice strained .
tr	PRES	I exhale in relief .
tr	PRES	" Not that , mistress !
tr	PRES	" Senator Todd Davis . "
tr	PAST	The early morning heat chased away the night 's coolness , forcing it to leave in the form of fog .
tr	PAST	I slapped him on the arm .
tr	PAST	Iridium hung by his once colorful hairs -- a dour , resigned look on his face .
tr	PAST	Relief washed through me .
tr	PAST	The Flame in me passing by that fanned the furnace of his black metal heart into life again ?
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair , his expression tender .
tr	PAST	Before he realized her intent , a yellow taxi screeched to a halt .
tr	PAST	When she was placed on the sandy floor again , he beheld a being far different than the one who left his side a moment ago .
tr	PRES	" Athena , you treacherous bitch .
tr	PRES	The glass sphere shone in the light , and Maxwell stared at it , willing himself to see the place where the secret lay .
tr	PRES	Falling to my knees at the beauty bark surrounding a few decorative bushes under the windows ... I threw up .
tr	PAST	asked one of the younger sorority sisters , clearly puzzled .
tr	PAST	An eagle screeched as it descended next to him and caught a small animal far below -- a golden , furry thing whose luck had run out .
tr	PAST	The whisper tugged at her , but she fought it down as best she could and looked mutinous .
tr	PAST	Half an hour before the game we prayed as a team and were out on the field warming up .
tr	PAST	Sliding her legs to the edge of the mattress , she attempted to leave the bed and was stopped by his hand at her elbow .
tr	PRES	He eases past me and walks straight to the kitchen and sets the sacks on the counter .
tr	PRES	" Dial it down , " Cas mutters , tapping his hands impatiently on the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	Soon the gravel dumped us onto a side road in my neighborhood and I was relieved to see street lights once again .
tr	PRES	" The point is , she likes you .
tr	PRES	Just lean over this rock ... . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't deserve you , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He holds up two fingers when I say root beer .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going , " he announced .
tr	PAST	" And why it wants your kids , " chimed in Allison .
tr	PRES	Like the guy across from me who keeps licking his lips as he stares at me .
tr	PRES	' You silly old man ! '
tr	PRES	He speaks so quietly , my ears strain to hear him .
tr	PRES	The sun filters through the windows and bathes me in warmth .
tr	PRES	It lies motionless in my chest , pumping no blood , serving no purpose , and yet my feelings still seem to originate inside its cold walls .
tr	PAST	His hand convulsed around mine , clutching at me as if he were the one in need of comfort .
tr	PAST	I attempted a smile .
tr	PAST	Leave it , he advised himself , but he couldn 't .
tr	PRES	A wail rises from the crowd .
tr	PRES	" Now that you know , " she teased , " what are you planning on doing about it ? "
tr	PRES	This time , his ball curves to the right and it doesn 't get halfway down the alley before it 's in the gutter .
tr	PAST	I froze , halfway to the door .
tr	PAST	I thought sure he wanted to marry you , " Melanie stated .
tr	PRES	I lean closer to him .
tr	PAST	Mo inquired , his voice barely audible as he , too , peered out at the remains .
tr	PRES	" Well , now , I disagree .
tr	PRES	" Rich ... " Reluctantly , he broke off the kiss , his chest heaving .
tr	PRES	Abbey hauled the box out of the backseat of her car and brought it over to the tables just in time .
tr	PRES	" The great extinction holds the promise to bring about a new genesis . "
tr	PRES	Then I lean forward and fall right over on my face .
tr	PRES	" And drums ! "
tr	PAST	His abandoned flashlight painted a steady white circle on the wall .
tr	PRES	A small gust of wind pushes a loose strand of red hair across Link 's face , but he makes no effort to bat it aside .
tr	PRES	Womack flips his hand , chuckling .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches out so casually that for a second I think he is going to caress my cheek .
tr	PRES	" That scenario terrifies me . "
tr	PRES	" The only survivors ! "
tr	PAST	All of them created by humans after they reached Stanza Nine and found all that junk lying around on Lovelady and Renaissance . "
tr	PAST	At each project and program he identified leaders who were looking for radical answers to the overwhelming need they grappled to meet every day .
tr	PRES	Hallways that wouldn 't bear his echo .
tr	PRES	What brings you out ? "
tr	PRES	" That explains his attitude when I talked to him .
tr	PAST	I scooted her legs under the comforter and pulled it over her body .
tr	PAST	If you could be trusted . "
tr	PAST	The demon taunted and teased her , playing on her every emotional peak and dip .
tr	PAST	Jackson asked suddenly , his own question also painted to the faces of the Americans in the room .
tr	PAST	A sudden loud crack split the air , and I dropped into a squat on the kitchen floor , my heart pounding in my ears .
tr	PAST	He swooped down to take her lips , but she turned her head to the side and his kiss fell on her cheek .
tr	PAST	I thrived on serenity .
tr	PAST	Alex readied the chloroform .
tr	PAST	Joe 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He sighs as if I 'm mentally defective .
tr	PRES	My mouth tastes like dust .
tr	PAST	I swiped the keycard and we all but fell into the room .
tr	PRES	He lays my watch down and goes to the stairs .
tr	PRES	Edwin 's school trousers .
tr	PRES	Not even long enough to scratch a base urge .
tr	PRES	I exist only to serve , sire , ' said Dios , firmly . '
tr	PAST	His tongue plunged into her warm mouth and he savored the heated sensation .
tr	PAST	She eyed it skeptically .
tr	PAST	While I waited , I sketched in my art room .
tr	PAST	Madison twirled the ring on her finger and smiled at the too distant star .
tr	PRES	Joe stiffened , suddenly on alert .
tr	PRES	All three girls turned to me , mouths agape .
tr	PRES	Mitch stops next to me , his brows pulled down , and he 's leaning forward , trying to see my face .
tr	PAST	She dove against the driving wind , her fingers reaching out -- claw like .
tr	PRES	Now that I 'm standing here in front of Ashton , the confusion I 've been battling for weeks melts away .
tr	PRES	He stops at a pillar close to the stage and scans the crowd .
tr	PRES	A ripple glides across the silence that has stilled me all day .
tr	PRES	I roam around the office , picking up brochures and buttons advertising Mom , then putting them back down .
tr	PRES	No question that he needed to walk away , regroup .
tr	PAST	The falcon flapped his wings and took fight as Basha watched him soar into the blue yonder .
tr	PRES	' The game proceeds . '
tr	PRES	' They value what they 've had and want it for themselves . '
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes and reveals his emerald green eye balls .
tr	PRES	He holds my hand as he leads me inside the small studio .
tr	PAST	It never ceased to amaze me how quickly time flew by when I was searching and sampling music .
tr	PAST	Again she lingered up above , causing me to roll over on one knee without looking up .
tr	PAST	Paris said , his attention split between Jackson and Zoe , who looked too weak to stand .
tr	PRES	" Just ignore her , " Micha whispers , nibbling on my earlobe as he grazes his thumb across my nipple .
tr	PRES	She tries to block out the growls and grunts occurring a few feet from her .
tr	PAST	I lied about the brushes .
tr	PRES	Brand sighs and takes a bite of his food .
tr	PRES	That chick I just met .
tr	PAST	Adrian tipped my face up toward his and kissed me .
tr	PAST	He stated that he understood my dilemma , but I should also show some sympathy with the issues that tormented Ruth .
tr	PRES	She rattles me by the shoulders in a panic .
tr	PRES	" But what about our patrol duty ? "
tr	PRES	" No , he just likes to act out sometimes . "
tr	PRES	He slides them into my wetness and he groans into my ear .
tr	PRES	Keeps them tuned that way . "
tr	PRES	You add one or two crushed seeds to a glass of wine . "
tr	PRES	He squeezes my hand , then lets go .
tr	PRES	" No lemon . "
tr	PAST	The light in Hugh 's eyes dimmed a little bit .
tr	PAST	The ripples of the bear 's submersion subsided .
tr	PRES	" That was nice , Chloe .
tr	PRES	They expand as far as resources are concerned .
tr	PRES	He ' l kil you , whore , and your friends . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly .
tr	PRES	And as they first get to know you , they think , he sees things in black and white .
tr	PAST	" Jump through a window , " Summer advised Nate , walking past him and putting the Shock Bits into her mouth .
tr	PAST	' Well met , ' Timothy exclaimed offering his hand .
tr	PRES	" Go to him , " she whispers , and I do .
tr	PRES	My partner in crime giggles as she lowers onto her knees .
tr	PRES	Exactly halfway up the block .
tr	PAST	The dog sniffed over Brick 's jacket , and then began to nuzzle at his hand .
tr	PAST	" And you named her Sentinel . "
tr	PAST	I thanked him and accepted his hug without once thinking it could be a kiss .
tr	PRES	" Is Lennox around ? "
tr	PAST	Still barefoot , stripped to his shorts and shirt , sleeping like a baby .
tr	PAST	Not right away , of course ... " Sarah faltered .
tr	PRES	" Getting permanently marked and becoming an outcast kills all those opportunities for me .
tr	PAST	The demonic strands of light swirled around him .
tr	PRES	She lets out a loud sigh .
tr	PAST	Fat Charlie uttered one deep and terrible howl .
tr	PRES	Abe stretches out his hand to me , and I lower myself to the ground , gripping it .
tr	PRES	" And ... and kiss Bea for me ... and ... Aaron . "
tr	PRES	And then Cricket Bell sees me , and the atmosphere lights up .
tr	PAST	" Moody fucker , " exclaimed Jon .
tr	PRES	' No tomato . '
tr	PAST	" I kind of like having it in a small theater , " Jackson countered .
tr	PRES	Satisfied , he returns to the witness stand .
tr	PRES	I scan the room for Michelle , her awkward haircut , that dim rose of hopelessness she wears around her neck .
tr	PAST	Growling something indiscernible , one of his hands secured her buttocks while the other moved his shaft against her flesh , bathing himself in her desire .
tr	PAST	Someone cleaned out my cupboards last night . "
tr	PRES	She holds out her hand , answering my question about whether we 're really playing basketball class or not .
tr	PAST	Her body moving restlessly , she inched toward him until she was rubbing against him , her body plastered against his entire front .
tr	PRES	" Ah , that explains it . "
tr	PRES	" I like this , " Ethan murmurs , his voice low and gravelly as he plays with the little silver hoop .
tr	PAST	A moment later he reappeared and made a few obscure gestures .
tr	PAST	He readjusted our position , pulling me away from the wall again , then he headed toward the living room .
tr	PAST	Just then Sula 's communication console beeped for his attention .
tr	PRES	' The wolves ? '
tr	PRES	" I hear the snakes like girls best , " Jason teased .
tr	PAST	Most vampires shrank from drinking from the dead .
tr	PAST	James washed the dishes and handed them to me to dry .
tr	PAST	Powerhouse slapped the chief 's back .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches in and cups a rapidly blinking green light .
tr	PRES	Besides , the governor stands behind all they do at the Red River settlement . "
tr	PRES	The look he gave her began to melt what little composure she 'd mustered .
tr	PRES	The Scottish banner floats ever brighter in the wind .
tr	PAST	Tristan tugged at the lever of the nearest one .
tr	PRES	Ivy stands up with her bag , forcing me to inch a little farther away to maintain my buffer .
tr	PAST	She chided herself each time she surveyed the room looking for one man in particular .
tr	PAST	I trusted his word , especially because I knew he did truly love me .
tr	PRES	" Like he said , Savitar trusts you . "
tr	PAST	My stomach fisted into a knot , making me wonder if I was about to puke up all the wine I 'd just drank .
tr	PRES	You ruined my life ! "
tr	PRES	" No armies ? "
tr	PRES	My bottom lip begins to tremble .
tr	PAST	Tossing a mint into the air , he bounced it off his head and into his mouth with the seasoned dexterity of a college soccer player .
tr	PRES	Without answering , Malcolm climbs into the well and disappears .
tr	PRES	Turns out I was able to do some research for a client while we were here . "
tr	PRES	Sitting up too quickly , my head begins to spin .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and circles my waist .
tr	PRES	In the kitchen doorway , back arched , ears flattened , stands the ugliest tomcat in the world .
tr	PRES	You only crave more power . "
tr	PAST	He calculated that he must have covered half the distance or more .
tr	PRES	She mumbled good-bye and went back to her car .
tr	PRES	Cricket reaches for the doorknob .
tr	PAST	A trio of youngsters nearly barreled into me as they scrambled toward the mouth of the ravine .
tr	PAST	Rhyme sensed the priest 's fear .
tr	PAST	The train announced its imminent arrival with a flash of light and a bleat of its horn .
tr	PRES	" Your highness ? "
tr	PAST	Did she received so much damage from the right that she can 't move ? "
tr	PAST	She froze , unable to scream , awaiting the bullet 's ultimate sting .
tr	PRES	" Bad habit . "
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply and paused .
tr	PRES	" Congratulations , again , on your amazing new house .
tr	PRES	He inhales deeply and mutters to himself .
tr	PAST	Then suddenly slowed down , steadily , but not uncomfortably , until it was stopped , then it descended vertically to land beside a large building .
tr	PRES	Aggie racks her brain .
tr	PRES	Fiona lets out a weary sigh , but there 's no tantrum , just the mutter , " There better be chocolate . "
tr	PAST	She reread the page for the third time .
tr	PAST	A nice little trinket created by the Atlantean gods to kill the invincible .
tr	PAST	" No one will know , " Spencer urged .
tr	PRES	All of them anxious for the opportunity to impress her .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , she faltered only for a second before continuing : " You said you 'd come this afternoon , but you only arrived in the evening .
tr	PAST	We both froze in a time warp as though locked in a sort of battle .
tr	PRES	He bleeds , pants , and stares the others down .
tr	PAST	Tabitha cringed at her father 's words but shook her head , denying the possibility that Nik would say such things .
tr	PAST	So she slapped him back .
tr	PRES	He hears terrible screams not realizing it is he who makes those horrific sounds .
tr	PAST	His hands roamed her back .
tr	PRES	Mother considers them with cool disdain .
tr	PRES	" The ocean . "
tr	PRES	Or a convenient target ?
tr	PAST	He shuffled past the cabanas close to the beach .
tr	PRES	" Ah , that explains it .
tr	PRES	I snuggle next to him on the couch and look at the invitation .
tr	PAST	He giggled and Robert stood by watching , feeling something swell in his heart .
tr	PRES	" And in the meantime ? "
tr	PAST	Autumn 's heart clutched and she blinked hard .
tr	PAST	I accused him while wiping the sweat off his back .
tr	PAST	" Will ya quit asking that ?
tr	PAST	Madame petted the creature fondly .
tr	PRES	He presents the wild flowers as I sit inside the saddle on Apollo 's back .
tr	PAST	He stuffed both his hands in his pockets .
tr	PAST	As dusk deepened Mariposa extracted the last stinger from the human 's right ear lobe .
tr	PRES	This time he points his eyes at the floor and puts his hands in his pockets .
tr	PAST	I charged her with my baton ready to strike before she adjusted and gained strength .
tr	PRES	' It creeps in , ye ken .
tr	PAST	She crouched down next to him and told him his father was just teasing him .
tr	PRES	He removes his hand from my mouth and opens the drawer so I can remove my fingers .
tr	PAST	Kincaid 's mouth curved faintly and his eyes glittered with an unnatural excitement .
tr	PAST	Snowy static replaced McGee 's voice .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my backpack on my shoulder as I walked across the pavement towards the canopied baggage claim .
tr	PAST	I eyed the weathered paint , sloped awning , and paper-thin construction .
tr	PAST	In a space labeled Make of Vehicle he scrawled Rolls-Royce .
tr	PRES	Beast stands above her , growling down into her face .
tr	PRES	But the fear in her eyes practically reaches in and crumbles my spirit into twisted up bits .
tr	PAST	" Got other plans .
tr	PAST	She doubted she 'd regained consciousness immediately .
tr	PRES	" A rifle ? "
tr	PAST	Jacob tensed , his features turning downright predatory .
tr	PAST	It bothered him that he didn 't know exactly where it was , or that the others might know before him .
tr	PRES	" Hm " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Jordan cocked his head .
tr	PRES	I yell , disappointed that the pumpkins are rotting before they get a chance to grow .
tr	PAST	Deb fanned the straightener to cool it , Bri stuffed all the makeup back in her backpack and I took a critical look in the mirror .
tr	PRES	Worry seeps into me , thick and sluggish .
tr	PRES	As if she can read my mind , she whispers , " How 's it going with Thayer , Sutton ? "
tr	PAST	They gently cleaned the infant , then severed the umbilical cord and raised her head out of the pool so she could take her first breath .
tr	PRES	Every little bit helps ... " Ashley was becoming used to her surroundings .
tr	PAST	Shawn just phoned and told him to go to pick her up and bring her to the hospital .
tr	PAST	" Anyways ... " Saylor stuffed the chip into her mouth .
tr	PRES	He glances over the corpses as he passes , startled to see me alive .
tr	PAST	The girls squealed , " Daddy ! "
tr	PRES	He stops and waits with his hand firmly attached to the surface of the door .
tr	PRES	" Honour , she loves you .
tr	PAST	I roamed around calling for help but there was no reply .
tr	PRES	When you say it your way it loses all sense of realism and romance . "
tr	PRES	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , six thousand , seven hundred , and three matches . "
tr	PAST	It cost the bank two thousand dollars .
tr	PAST	His pride stung a little when she didn 't comment on his body .
tr	PAST	My phone chimed with a text message , and I glanced down , expecting some ominous warning from Marcus .
tr	PAST	Students perked up across the patio , and conversations ceased .
tr	PRES	What the heck ? "
tr	PRES	" Did your mother approve of all this ? "
tr	PAST	As depressing as the thought was , everyone in his life had been drawn to him for an ulterior motive , even those he trusted .
tr	PAST	Charlie dared a sideways step , causing the Nazi to shift uncomfortably , adding further pressure on his hold , causing the small man to quietly squeal .
tr	PAST	Still in her robe , she lay on her side facing him , her hands clasped under one cheek .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , " he snaps back .
tr	PRES	But , seriously , comparing your child to the neatness or messiness of a domestic animal ... what kind of a mother must you have been ? "
tr	PAST	" I think I 'll take a bath , " she announced a little while later , when she was assured Sam was sleeping peacefully .
tr	PAST	" You acted so cool and angry that I didn 't know what to think .
tr	PAST	Neil stifled a yawn .
tr	PAST	Charles desperately inquired and my heart already ached severely for him .
tr	PAST	We hopped in the truck and started moving slowly again .
tr	PAST	His face split with a wide grin and tears and he hugged his wife with a happy sound .
tr	PRES	Two days earlier he 'd said to me , " Life owes you nothing , that 's a fact .
tr	PRES	" You know , I think they have a one slice per guest max on the cake , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Finn begins to dole the dumplings out into bowls while I swipe up the spill .
tr	PRES	She inhales deeply and answers my unspoken question .
tr	PRES	In a furry of anger he slams the empty strap back down on the bed .
tr	PRES	Should I warn the others ? "
tr	PRES	I march right past him , down the main corridor of the stable and stop in front of Lucky 's stall .
tr	PRES	Two hours and six pages later , I pul ed on my boots and met Jared outside .
tr	PAST	That also created countless dark passages in which he knew danger was possible .
tr	PRES	That 's where we 'll be , I assume .
tr	PAST	She caught his groans on her tongue , licked his lips of every breath , suckled his depths dry of every sound .
tr	PRES	Andy clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Lucas , snap out of it .
tr	PAST	Serving girls served each course , and then went to sit down to eat their own food .
tr	PAST	She swiped a tear away and kept talking .
tr	PAST	Betsy once again hooked her arm through Horace 's .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms , trying to hide the protruding evidence , and gnaw on the inside of my cheek as she turns to face me .
tr	PRES	Lucy whispers to me , with her eyes still closed and her head still pressed firmly against my chest .
tr	PAST	Riley had only deepened the puzzle of Moody 's own feelings toward Eloy .
tr	PAST	She hooked a leg behind his hip .
tr	PAST	Hours later they both awoke to a knock at the door .
tr	PAST	His face reflected a mix of regret , lust , and pity .
tr	PRES	He slides his fingers across the screen of a tablet I haven 't noticed he 's picked up .
tr	PAST	Fiona 's phone buzzed an incoming text .
tr	PRES	When he sees me , he stops pacing and stands next to me instead .
tr	PAST	Not unless she truly feared for her own or her child 's safety .
tr	PAST	Josh lightly smacked his thigh and Kilo moved quickly to his side .
tr	PAST	Desperate cries wrought the air , ' Ye canna do this ?
tr	PAST	Captain Cook finally announced , " We will spend another night offshore and plan on crossing the harbor entrance at midmorning with a high tide . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , and perhaps half a Legion to support them . "
tr	PAST	" The duck isn 't cold , " he denied , whacking at a large chunk of meat with a knife .
tr	PAST	It also highlighted my disapproving glare .
tr	PRES	He bangs his fist on his leg in frustration .
tr	PAST	We taxied out of the water at the Custom 's shack and the pilots shut down the engines .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and draws me up into his lap .
tr	PRES	" A god . "
tr	PRES	I loathe that icy water .
tr	PRES	" Lighten up , Katie .
tr	PRES	A woman passes up the baby and we go off at a trot .
tr	PRES	He just pays attention to me .
tr	PAST	The charge smashed into the ancient tree , engulfing it instantly in orange flame .
tr	PRES	The wind whipped , chilly and crisp across our faces .
tr	PAST	" Sophie Price , " Reinhold 's voice boomed .
tr	PAST	His words reassured her and chilled her at the same time .
tr	PRES	Bill Martin , a successful businessman and long time friend of Joe Martinez , uses all means available to finance Martinez ' campaign for Governor .
tr	PRES	When he turns back around , Murphy reaches out to her .
tr	PRES	Ethan stands up from the top step , putting a hand on the railing and the side of the building .
tr	PRES	We have gone so far in our efforts to discourage nationalism , we now teach our children to view the very ground they stand on with disdain .
tr	PRES	bloody daylight robbery ! "
tr	PAST	Apparently people here , as in Russia , worshipped standing .
tr	PAST	She claimed that it was for witches only .
tr	PAST	Using a flathead screwdriver , he cleaned the sides of the bolt and then slipped the socket easily onto it .
tr	PAST	A Greyhound bus smashed into the wind mage .
tr	PAST	While helping to complete the set up of the kennels , Aaron reflected on the events of the day before .
tr	PAST	Pavel stiffened inside Sam 's embrace and pulled away from her so he could address his uncle .
tr	PRES	I lean down and get my face close to his .
tr	PRES	he whispers against my ear .
tr	PAST	An entrancing ship , its sail painted with octopuses and fish , glided graceful as an albatross .
tr	PAST	I clutched the card in my hand as Jonah led me away .
tr	PAST	By the time I 'd get close enough to hear what they were saying , one or both would have sensed my presence .
tr	PRES	At least he likes to pretend he 's one .
tr	PAST	Duke tugged at the scarf wrapped around his neck .
tr	PAST	White , to the Japanese , represented death , and gaudy wrapping paper was unacceptable .
tr	PAST	Afterwards , Marcus dismissed me with a wave of his hand .
tr	PAST	I doubted they were showing patient drivers who had just been cut off from family and work .
tr	PRES	" Somebody sent somebody flowers , " Marco teased .
tr	PAST	I shrieked to myself , " I 've never been late before !
tr	PRES	" In excellent health , Your Lordship . "
tr	PRES	I just need some time , " he murmurs , confused .
tr	PAST	He awoke sitting up , one hand on his gun .
tr	PAST	Placing their orders and specifying delivery time , Laura replaced the handset and asked " Me next ? "
tr	PRES	Ellen 's eyes shone with excitement .
tr	PRES	I bury my head back against his chest and feel the comfort of his embrace as I continue .
tr	PAST	He tugged at the robe of a passing young wizard .
tr	PRES	Realm lets out a soft laugh , clinging to me tightly .
tr	PAST	Then he crawled to where his body was elevated above me , staring deeply into my eyes .
tr	PRES	" No deals if Eve doesn 't buy in . "
tr	PRES	she whispers to me .
tr	PAST	I can remember flying the ones we liked best in the warm dry winds of October , we even named the biggest kite October Win 's .
tr	PRES	The text file just holds reams of seemingly endless variations of combinations of the letters A , C , G and T .
tr	PRES	' Oh Lana , Lana , Lana , ' he sighs softly .
tr	PRES	" Jasmine , " I correct him .
tr	PRES	Stay down , you idiot !
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the gun , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" A little scary at first , but I made a friend . "
tr	PRES	My mind clears with no residue of pain , as though the past few seconds never happened .
tr	PRES	The sun shone through as I held it up to admire it .
tr	PRES	Push past the fear that would grip him if he allowed himself to look at the circumstances as anything but a routine hostage situation .
tr	PAST	A thunderous crack boomed through the woods behind him and echoed throughout the forest .
tr	PAST	I acted quickly , doing the first thing that came to mind .
tr	PRES	" I 'm getting stronger , " she whispers with a hint of defiance .
tr	PAST	She hooked both her hands around his arm .
tr	PRES	As I descend the stairs , Mr. Preston stops me .
tr	PRES	" No fun running out of power halfway to your destination . "
tr	PAST	She quickly dispatched him by thrusting her sword in his chest , then yanked it away and turned , only to find another soldier in his place .
tr	PRES	Riding hell-bent for the North , Prince Aegon sees Daenerys and falls instantly in love as well .
tr	PAST	But he dared not look up .
tr	PRES	" The quest ? "
tr	PAST	" The variables , the teen girls , inside your vehicle was not staged .
tr	PRES	My name probably pops up in every conversation at your little meeting . "
tr	PAST	Then I measured off some more distances and did some more quick arithmetic .
tr	PRES	" I never thought I 'd be a hero , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	A second shot at the blue light below him destroyed the suspension and brought Mac back to ground level .
tr	PAST	I exited the room into the foyer area .
tr	PRES	Shannon digested that information and marveled at Penny 's wisdom .
tr	PAST	But instead of a wave of pleasure emanating from the Master , he sensed shock -- and perhaps even a hint of fear .
tr	PRES	It washes through my insides and tastes almost a little sweet .
tr	PRES	' It steals the very air from my lungs . '
tr	PAST	He motioned to three guards .
tr	PRES	" No , " she begged , but he was gone .
tr	PAST	An expression of suspicion arose on his face .
tr	PAST	Lance eyed the toilet bowl in dismay .
tr	PRES	" Come , this argument gains us nothing .
tr	PAST	A long , brilliant wooden table flanked by sixteen ornately carved wooden chairs .
tr	PAST	It destroyed my dad .
tr	PAST	His stomach churned and he couldn 't believe Jack was already awake .
tr	PRES	Enzo 's columns of fire vanish .
tr	PRES	" I love it here , Allie .
tr	PAST	" Adam helped you , " he countered .
tr	PAST	Donna 's eyes glowed .
tr	PRES	And the four-inch snakeskin stilettos I wore were as sexy as they got .
tr	PRES	The severity of her voice stops me cold .
tr	PRES	He begins to stack a fresh batch around the flames , poking angrily at the fire with a long gnarled branch .
tr	PAST	She cuffed Ali 's arm playfully .
tr	PAST	Catching his hand , she tugged him to a fallen tree trunk lying at the edge of the clearing .
tr	PRES	The air fills with piercing cries .
tr	PRES	Emerson lays his hands on my bare upper arms , looking at me intently .
tr	PRES	" The heart points to the ground .
tr	PAST	And they announced the winter play .
tr	PRES	' Of course , Highness .
tr	PAST	I would never allow anything to happen to you , Gregori reassured her gently .
tr	PAST	" Gram simply labeled it wrong . "
tr	PRES	Why the fuck not ? "
tr	PRES	He hates who and what he is and he hates us seeing him like that .
tr	PAST	He stares at us incredulously .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue , but he was a henchman a long time ; must have made some enemies . "
tr	PRES	She sees the worry in my eyes and laughs .
tr	PRES	He offers with a smirk .
tr	PAST	Whipping his arms about , he pretended to slay the last of his samurai enemies as a grin spread across his face .
tr	PAST	To even consider allowing him into her life proved that he held the ability to inflict intense pain on her heart and mind .
tr	PRES	Numerous usage of outside water distribution faculties .
tr	PRES	I mumbled a response , but he had already left with one of the Queen 's attendants .
tr	PAST	Mina flapped her hand .
tr	PAST	He doubted it would sate him , but he didn 't care .
tr	PAST	Pain pierced her chest .
tr	PAST	His fear waned as he recognised the man from the gathering .
tr	PRES	" Mr. McDougal . "
tr	PAST	She tensed , her whole body straining for release .
tr	PRES	My gaze passes on , then stops and returns to the hellish baby .
tr	PRES	Just the thought of watching them tear her to pieces fills my mouth with bile .
tr	PRES	The music stops but I don 't look up .
tr	PAST	Antonia sensed her mother 's change in mood before she noticed the tensing of her shoulders .
tr	PRES	Kent , cradling his wrist , snaps instructions that Will and Elliott hurry to follow .
tr	PRES	I lean against his chest as I speak .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Mitch .
tr	PRES	Clients charter her and crew .
tr	PAST	I just stormed in and attacked .
tr	PRES	The week Georgie and Neal stayed there , she hauled out the whole stack .
tr	PAST	Terrance 's tone of voice exposed his disbelief at her suggestion .
tr	PRES	" You reek of sex and his seed .
tr	PAST	The commentator babbled frantically , talking over the remote reporter .
tr	PAST	He doubted that it ever would again .
tr	PAST	Love provided me the will and a beautiful refuge .
tr	PRES	One of the men tries to tear them apart , but he 's too cavalier .
tr	PRES	" You won 't understand , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" The war god ?
tr	PAST	Her communications unit signalled a call and she stood up and walked a little way off .
tr	PRES	She snuck a peek at the mermaid anyway .
tr	PAST	Releasing the breath I had been holding , I attempted to relax my facial muscles and then took another sip of my whiskey sour .
tr	PRES	I turned , aware of Torin watching my every move , his eyes gleaming .
tr	PAST	The snake bothered him most of all .
tr	PAST	This game of barter between them walled off the kind of hurt they 'd both been dealt at the hands of whimsical lovers .
tr	PRES	She freaked and spun around on her rear , sending soap suds spraying across the kitchen drawers .
tr	PAST	As the pair entered , everyone else slowed to a halt , unmoving .
tr	PRES	It causes chills to run up my spine and goose bumps to form on my arms .
tr	PRES	The empress stands , and we all turn to face her .
tr	PRES	One first , zero last . "
tr	PAST	He tugged at her reins and got her moving as the clanging continued .
tr	PAST	The thought of never having that again , having to live her life with nothing but the memory of the way she had felt , troubled her .
tr	PRES	" But of course , pet .
tr	PAST	Surprise riveted her to the spot .
tr	PAST	We munched on our snacks and cuddled as the previews ended and the movie began .
tr	PAST	As he had the night before , Percival dreamed of flying through the woods toward the old manor house .
tr	PRES	The guy with dark hair releases a frustrated breath .
tr	PAST	No character required . "
tr	PRES	Gage lies over his bed with the TV flipped on while a Huskies game blares in the background .
tr	PRES	And each time I think that she is going to be alright , her spirit loses its light again . "
tr	PRES	He releases my left hand , then reaches across my body to take my right .
tr	PAST	I sensed that his interest came from his own disappointment at not being on Charlotte 's Guard .
tr	PRES	Slow to get up , his body twitches horrifically as though the force of the blow had connected with the neurons in his brain .
tr	PAST	It bothered everyone , and his absence from the table - and the missions - was felt by the whole of the Order .
tr	PAST	Before he could launch his fire spell , Auron unleashed his lightning .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	The crowd around her starts whispering uneasily as nothing she does changes the message .
tr	PAST	" You 're a joke dude , " I scoffed .
tr	PRES	" But what about protection ?
tr	PRES	But of course you do , Spence .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , gobsmacked .
tr	PRES	Here they all exist and interact with one another in precarious magical lands .
tr	PRES	" I belong to you .
tr	PRES	But my helper swears , swears that Arun 's feet are healed .
tr	PAST	They created approximately twenty flyers which included her cell phone number .
tr	PAST	He floated onto the veranda and turned to gaze at the sloping meadow and trees which separated our farm from the beach properties below .
tr	PAST	If Bob raised his voice even slightly , she cowered as if she expected him to pounce .
tr	PRES	" Like he brings all his dates to stay with his aunt ?
tr	PAST	" Or me , " Sage volunteered .
tr	PRES	He likes to associate with conmen , junkies , and strippers .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think I want to know , " Jason speculated .
tr	PRES	Day sees them too .
tr	PAST	Glancing around I seriously doubted that was where we were .
tr	PAST	One more deep plunge and she exploded around him riding the waves of pleasure unlike any she had known before .
tr	PRES	Apart from you , I bleed .
tr	PRES	" Celt loves children .
tr	PAST	" Just for that , you 're going ice skating with me , " she mumbled , almost so low I couldn 't hear her .
tr	PAST	and a muzzle flash briefly revealed the position of the soldier near the front door of the house .
tr	PAST	" Energy is at maximum , forward locomotion cannot be increased with safety " Power reported .
tr	PRES	How dare Jason involve himself in her affairs !
tr	PAST	Switching on the flashlight , Trevor crawled through the mirror into the darkness .
tr	PRES	" Tough guy , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" It kind of fits you . "
tr	PAST	A strange gleam invaded Salem 's eyes .
tr	PRES	She draws her mouth into a line .
tr	PAST	After the breakup with his fiancee , his old friend and owner of the Castillo hotels , Jackson Castillo , urged him to start new .
tr	PRES	" Any idea what they " ve done , captain ? "
tr	PRES	Cora slides down the banister .
tr	PRES	What else explains what 's going on ? "
tr	PAST	The pig squealed again .
tr	PRES	' Any chance of quicker ? '
tr	PRES	" Faster gran ' ma .
tr	PAST	She exited the room through a door in the back and I went to work .
tr	PRES	She begged me to take her home with me . "
tr	PRES	" Heaven Beach Airport . "
tr	PRES	Sleep through as much of it as you can . "
tr	PRES	, " Yaeger stops himself just in time and looks at the Judge innocently .
tr	PAST	Hugging a pillow , she eyed Emma suspiciously .
tr	PRES	Amber likes pop music .
tr	PRES	" The problem lies not in Coren , Father ; your heart mourns its own divide .
tr	PAST	Carefully laying the clothes inside a garment bag , she zipped them in securely , feeling as though they needed the protection .
tr	PAST	His cement fingers caressed the charm reverently .
tr	PAST	Other scents mingled with that of the One .
tr	PRES	" Am I stil me ? "
tr	PRES	She screwed her face up with her big announcement and then broke out into a crooked smile , " I forget ! "
tr	PAST	she asked , panic clearly threaded through each vowel .
tr	PAST	And tipped forward like a felled tree .
tr	PAST	A woman in long jeans , a tight-fitting black shirt , a floppy straw hat , and sunglasses meandered around the crowded square .
tr	PRES	Blake knew her secrets , her insecurities , and played on them to get what he needed .
tr	PAST	He whipped the Jackson Industries pistol from his holster and leveled it at Bloor .
tr	PRES	Encounter Area 3 The Train Station You bumble through a loose wall and find yourself in a strange underground subway tunnel .
tr	PAST	Evie giggled and became distracted by Adam talking to her .
tr	PRES	They hint , however , that I will have the power to destroy it as well .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the left and said curiously , " Is that amusing ?
tr	PAST	Birds of prey circled lazily , watched by scavengers .
tr	PAST	Miles cleaned the living room a little while I took a shower .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I programmed you .
tr	PRES	" Mam , " Viola whispers behind me .
tr	PRES	His teeth grazing over her skin .
tr	PAST	She limped slowly over to the fire and collapsed in a pile .
tr	PAST	" My brother , Lieutenant Brood , didn 't crack any of your devices , " he announced casually .
tr	PAST	" It 's almost as if you were expecting me , " she joked .
tr	PRES	Ryland pushes me back .
tr	PAST	I slapped the handcuffs on him , and we marched him across the flooded street to the gap in the wall .
tr	PRES	I relax my grip a bit .
tr	PRES	A sickening feeling in my gut pushes me to act , to find out what 's really going on .
tr	PRES	" Twenty grand ! "
tr	PAST	Cassie exhaled as she shook her head in disbelief .
tr	PAST	The United Irishmen appointed a special committee to draw up a declaration of approbation of my actions , and that too was flowery and flattering .
tr	PRES	' Well , well , ' began Nash ruefully , ' this rather brings things to a head . '
tr	PRES	Stopping , he stares at me .
tr	PAST	Sophie balked at his words .
tr	PAST	Theo estimated that there must be about twenty in total .
tr	PRES	" Look at it , you dumbass ! "
tr	PAST	" Nobody likes to see that , " he teased harmoniously with his partner .
tr	PRES	And yours Crow . "
tr	PRES	I kink the door handle .
tr	PAST	He leaped upon her , bowling her over , and they wrestled on the soft carpet , nipping playfully at each other .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and squeezes my hand .
tr	PAST	But Mr. Stephenson accused them of confronting Dale .
tr	PAST	No attachments , no feelings , and no concern over whether they could be trusted .
tr	PRES	You underestimate how many people do not wish to believe such things , and how far they will go to avoid the truth .
tr	PAST	We split up , and I follow Lennox into a tunnel , taking one last deep breath and hoping that my anxiety doesn 't show .
tr	PAST	His father cocked his head .
tr	PRES	" Under my nails . "
tr	PAST	" Already resurrected . "
tr	PRES	" No , she refuses to eat or drink . "
tr	PAST	She sensed new powers being invoked - the bustling activity all through the Redoubt while Oakes stood here drinking and admiring the view with her .
tr	PRES	My mother unexpectedly hugs me .
tr	PRES	" Turns out she 's never even been to the south .
tr	PRES	Then my father strikes , using his words as his weapons .
tr	PAST	Christian eyed him as if he had just lost his mind , and then shrugged .
tr	PAST	Mom jokes are so last century , I cringed , biting my lower lip .
tr	PRES	That explains why my back is so sore .
tr	PRES	" Out of - " He stopped at the door and looked at me , blinking .
tr	PAST	Late last year , a man named William Wyatt disappeared .
tr	PRES	" And that carries hefty time .
tr	PAST	" I just want to be done with all this , " I mumbled , feeling tears welling in my eyes .
tr	PRES	The mist rises ; the earth begins to shake itself awake .
tr	PRES	" Ron Johnson . "
tr	PAST	With a groan and a pop , the stone split as if he had pried open a walnut .
tr	PAST	Reece defended , standing his ground .
tr	PRES	" He really likes you . "
tr	PAST	Rex squinted in the brightness and pushed up his glasses with one finger , wishing he could wear dark shades over their thick frames .
tr	PRES	" A spree perfectly describes what was about to happen .
tr	PAST	He proposed to me on stage ! "
tr	PAST	Arms and hands grappled around him everywhere .
tr	PAST	Finally , after six weeks , the turmoil ceased .
tr	PAST	" She 's really not so bad , Low , Amanda piped up .
tr	PAST	" What about the elevator at the REX , " Star asked , " you operated that , didn 't you ? "
tr	PRES	We await your word ! "
tr	PRES	I lean forward putting my face in my hands , resting my elbows on my knees , and rocking back and forth .
tr	PRES	" You go first , I 'll come along and pick up the pieces , " Drew teased .
tr	PRES	" What kind of experiments ? "
tr	PAST	Asher bounced his feet on his skateboard .
tr	PAST	We reassured her that everything would be okay and not to worry .
tr	PAST	" Got a call from the Grand Master early this morning .
tr	PAST	Her gaze roamed me up and down .
tr	PRES	" Faith Michelle Lawrence . "
tr	PAST	It redirected me again to another site ; one which was full of pictures a young boy of 13 .
tr	PRES	She opens it to a page , hands it to me .
tr	PAST	He crawled like ketchup in a glass Heinz bottle .
tr	PAST	" I quit . "
tr	PRES	" I mutter off-color limericks in my sleep . "
tr	PRES	George begins to cry .
tr	PRES	They twinkle as he leans back and puts his arm around Jules .
tr	PAST	Gregori glided very subtly , positioning himself just a little in front of the prince .
tr	PAST	" It 's close , " Winkler fidgeted .
tr	PRES	They stir feelings of anxiety and unhappiness , and feed off of them .
tr	PAST	The mage and Hal weaved their way through the crowded city streets , following the scent of the sea .
tr	PRES	I hiss and look back at the door .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	The two friends squinted through their swollen eyes at each other .
tr	PRES	So we trained in secret these days , no daylight matches .
tr	PAST	At so many intimidating faces and voices , I inched behind Benson .
tr	PRES	She pushes to her feet , and walks back to the court , taking my basketball with her .
tr	PRES	And it ticked me off .
tr	PAST	A curious feeling of well-being engulfed me .
tr	PRES	Like a tiny black top that looks like a cross between a sequined sports bra and something a wild animal mangled .
tr	PAST	Their stems lightened up glowing , like Christmas lights .
tr	PRES	They wove back and forth in a zigzagging search pattern .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved slowly , her eyes dancing .
tr	PRES	He talks a little too much but what child doesn 't at his age ? "
tr	PRES	So that brings us to the good stuff .
tr	PRES	He opens one of the books in front of him and says , " Read this . "
tr	PAST	Charlotte stiffened at his touch , but she let him lead her out of the restaurant , down the sidewalk , and out of sight .
tr	PAST	" What about payment for the damages . "
tr	PRES	' Later , Highness , after sunset .
tr	PRES	" Sandi Kaiser ? "
tr	PAST	As he struggled to rise , he gritted out , " Why would anyone want to find that tomb ? "
tr	PRES	She reaches into her pocket and withdraws something .
tr	PRES	She opens the door .
tr	PRES	She returns and hands me another pair of eyeglasses .
tr	PAST	Broken , every little bit shattered .
tr	PRES	Adams , now twenty feet past her , stops in his tracks .
tr	PRES	" But what about Rick ?
tr	PAST	McKie trudged up a gentle rise , still following the road .
tr	PRES	Before I have fully registered my surprise , Beast draws his sword and charges into the startled group of men before they can react .
tr	PAST	The scene well matched my depression .
tr	PRES	It dawns on me , for the first time , that I don 't have say " no " in this moment .
tr	PAST	She squinted at the message .
tr	PRES	But getting a chance to get back up on stage still holds a special lure .
tr	PRES	" And exist even now ? "
tr	PRES	I chuckle and take my multivitamin tablets , swallowing them down with several large gulps of water .
tr	PRES	" Laurence , " Roland called from beyond the encircling coils : she sounded out of breath , and her voice was urgent .
tr	PRES	" The struggle ceases , to wait upon another time and place .
tr	PRES	I relay the orders to them , and off we fly . "
tr	PAST	He steered the yacht , still under engine power , well away from the coast .
tr	PAST	She twirled once in front of the mirror .
tr	PRES	A bloodied , panting Grubbs draws up beside me .
tr	PRES	" Save your breath , bro .
tr	PRES	They even provide the stakes and garlic .
tr	PAST	He instructed Linda and the boys to go find help .
tr	PRES	' Well met , I say to you again , Legolas ! '
tr	PRES	" Master Legion ? "
tr	PAST	Danika stiffened beside me .
tr	PAST	Gather petals of red roses , washed three times .
tr	PRES	I assume that Cole doesn 't let his lawyer off the leash , ever .
tr	PRES	When she did , he delved in , groaning at the explosion of sensation that rocked him .
tr	PAST	She exposed Adri 's back , the blood pouring so quickly she could barely see the hole .
tr	PRES	" We have to find a way to get some privacy , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " Aria mumbled .
tr	PRES	Luca frowns at both of us .
tr	PAST	She executed , in mind , a " whim " .
tr	PRES	As you will see , it concludes that the fire was " of suspicious , if undetermined , origins . "
tr	PAST	Further conversation revealed that Meg and Scott 's adopted daughter , Emily , was in Angie 's class .
tr	PAST	Eventually my ancient friend shuffled over and rummaged around some drawers near the wine and came back with a glass and a corkscrew .
tr	PRES	With his blurred vision , he sees a thick figure in a plaid skirt and white shirt with shaggy hair .
tr	PAST	The stubble on his face tickled my chin .
tr	PAST	Unwelcome facts emerged , before too long : Outside our home , the world 's constructed wrong .
tr	PAST	The words the ghost had said replayed in Kylie 's head .
tr	PRES	" I think so yeah , that bloke who was messing around on your kit the other day .
tr	PRES	" He armed ? "
tr	PAST	Winifred eagerly seized upon the change of subject .
tr	PAST	When we arrived back Grant taxied the plane into the shed and carried the boxes in here . "
tr	PAST	He tugged the duvet from his face and pulled himself up , supporting himself on the pillows .
tr	PRES	" I 'm OK , " I protest , but now the rest of the group is staring .
tr	PRES	When the song ends , he glances up .
tr	PRES	" Twenty minutes if you can swing it .
tr	PRES	Blood sells tickets and makes money .
tr	PRES	And then he coloured .
tr	PAST	The light from the carriage reflected in his eyes as I excitedly whispered , " Kiss me ! "
tr	PAST	" Not yet , " she reported .
tr	PRES	The van wove off the road as Oliver steered around another fallen tree .
tr	PAST	Kat extended her hand .
tr	PAST	My ears perked first .
tr	PAST	He appealed to her on every level .
tr	PRES	His face falls as our eyes stay focused on one another .
tr	PAST	The other ear matched the first , marking this cat as Arkady .
tr	PAST	Then I perked up .
tr	PAST	His hands clasped mine and he blew on my mouth softly .
tr	PAST	She awoke to the hiss of brakes and the lurch of the coach coming to a halt .
tr	PRES	" Well , the more money in my pocket thing remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	My heart sped up in my chest .
tr	PRES	" Bike , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" Well , pardon me . "
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to the secret of the cards , where we get totally lost !
tr	PAST	Sure enough , out leaped six lean men -- lean except for one , who was broad-shouldered with a bit of a paunch .
tr	PAST	She actually accused me of putting the mushrooms in my own plate . "
tr	PRES	Why , does my money make even more , irresistible ? "
tr	PAST	" Well , that was more excitement than I had hoped to see this afternoon , " Tempest joked as he rose from his seat .
tr	PRES	" What kinds of consequences ? "
tr	PAST	I pretended I hadn 't heard , frowning at the radio , changing the station .
tr	PRES	" I assume Dag has the same information at his disposal ? "
tr	PRES	" Unit status ? "
tr	PRES	He holds his hand out to Titan , who huffs a big breath out of his gigantic flared nostrils before he steps closer to Quinn .
tr	PRES	Lucas helps Ian to stand , and slowly they all begin walking off of the beach behind the tree line and further in toward the island foliage .
tr	PRES	Tracts and tracts of identical houses as far as you can see . "
tr	PAST	Emptiness collapsed , thought freed .
tr	PRES	He points to a large glass-enclosed room overlooking the main lab .
tr	PAST	The creature shrieked triumphantly as it reached to pluck Matthew from the saddle .
tr	PAST	I motioned Officer Burns away from the door , out of Cathy 's sight .
tr	PRES	" Do not bother , Shea .
tr	PRES	Impatience being my virtue , I snuck in front of a girl who was tying up loose corset laces in her medieval gown .
tr	PAST	" It cannot be , " his mother sobbed .
tr	PRES	I lean closer and lower my voice .
tr	PRES	It helps to maintain full employment . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , he talks -- but only to me . "
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone defiantly .
tr	PAST	They banter back and forth until Drake knocks his knife up against the rim of his glass .
tr	PRES	I add , " Students really good at art and you 've signed them up for the art festival this afternoon ? "
tr	PAST	Actions spurred by emotion , unaffected by reason , require much more reflection .
tr	PAST	The men cheered a bit , a few even raising their rifles into the air .
tr	PAST	Jones just dumped her after Eva testified and practically gave up her life to win the case ?
tr	PAST	Always he treated her as if he couldn 't get enough of her , as if he wanted to taste every inch of her at once .
tr	PAST	Flesh split apart and blood flew as she tore it from his frame .
tr	PAST	Ebon freed the blade from his flesh and said , " I 'm far more dead than half . "
tr	PRES	Above all , I fret over Vitaly , a young man I have befriended who is pure of heart but weak in limb .
tr	PAST	Some of the chaos lessened , but it was too much for her to ice completely .
tr	PAST	It achieved nothing good either for him or her -- or David .
tr	PRES	Ryland 's voice fills the chamber , carrying to everyone in the room .
tr	PRES	Chapter 7 I woke to the phone ringing the next morning .
tr	PRES	He did , your boyfriend Bobo . "
tr	PRES	" Easy , " I said , palms up .
tr	PAST	Arn even retracted the unkind things he 'd said about him .
tr	PAST	" The priest goes with us , " Mikhail reiterated .
tr	PRES	She removes one and examines it .
tr	PAST	, I screeched laughing all the while .
tr	PAST	" He created a dessert in her honor . "
tr	PRES	Chapter Five " Sabrina .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , and my heart began pumping again , but not the way I remembered it .
tr	PRES	And just like then , her hand pushes hard at my chest , holding me off .
tr	PRES	" I want you inside me , " she whispers , her back arching against my touch .
tr	PRES	His mark lies upon the sheath . "
tr	PAST	Her height cost her .
tr	PAST	She had brightened all their lives with her generous spirit and compassionate nature .
tr	PAST	I zipped my bag closed and set it on the floor .
tr	PRES	Your faith healed you . '
tr	PRES	" Well , it 's obvious , the A stands for annihilation and the two soda bottles represent me and Sarah .
tr	PAST	Pulling back she regarded him with wide eyes .
tr	PAST	He looked up , his arms trying to keep his balance , the left side of his shirt and pants soaked with wet mud .
tr	PRES	" You the lawyer ? "
tr	PAST	When morning came , I trudged past the fence and scouted the area , but there was nothing .
tr	PAST	He usually handled the boys .
tr	PAST	They announced as they strut in .
tr	PAST	Kira abandoned the urge to fight and let her body fall limp as they reached the deck .
tr	PAST	He sensed how fragile the moment was and didn 't trust the inadequacy of words .
tr	PRES	" Baby doll - " he started .
tr	PRES	" You 're very brave , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	I dreamed about this opportunity for such a long time , to be free of this horrid place and nine-to-five utter boredom .
tr	PRES	Emotion causes her voice to crack .
tr	PAST	Kristen chimed hoping right back into that old familiar role .
tr	PAST	The weapon plunged deep into the creature 's side .
tr	PAST	Each time the Lakers scored , she leaped to her feet and applauded loudly .
tr	PAST	She shrank back on the ottoman .
tr	PRES	Now Devon hates her .
tr	PRES	" And freezing . "
tr	PAST	Her head chimed as though she 'd dunked it in a trough of icy water .
tr	PRES	Here , I very innocently request you to keep your question alive as why it is impossible .
tr	PRES	The door slowly opens and Kenzie pokes her head out .
tr	PRES	" She , " Louise corrects .
tr	PAST	Alex roamed the aisles of medium oak shelves tall enough to come within centimeters of the ceiling .
tr	PRES	Connor stops cold when we step out of class .
tr	PAST	Kincaid 's eyebrows crawled for his hairline .
tr	PRES	" That wench Beatrice will corrupt your soul with lustful temptations of music and gambling .
tr	PRES	He fists my hair in his hand and yanks my head back .
tr	PAST	A steep passageway extended deep into the mountainside .
tr	PRES	Harry Clark trusts me .
tr	PRES	" They banded together .
tr	PAST	He replaced the receiver on the hook , and , turning the lights out as he went , climbed the stairway to the bedroom .
tr	PAST	She tuned to the early morning news as she always did .
tr	PAST	She chattered away to everyone she met and watched them all with her bright dark eyes .
tr	PAST	She stowed the small communicator in her side pocket and motioned to Malcolm .
tr	PAST	His overwhelming arrogance stole her breath and her sanity , turning her into the tired , stereotypical representation of a woman scorned .
tr	PRES	Star pins his ears and snorts when Dad reaches out to rub his nose .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet and make it across the street .
tr	PAST	Boyle eyed her with some cautious speculation .
tr	PRES	She wraps her hands around her mouth and whispers dramatically .
tr	PRES	" You befriended someone .
tr	PAST	Dobson grunted and fell back on his ass , making the crowd howl even louder .
tr	PRES	' Oh sure , ' I scoff .
tr	PRES	Immediately , I rip up the card .
tr	PRES	" Then snap out of it .
tr	PRES	She recognizes his Brooklyn accent .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " Jack whispers .
tr	PAST	In the back corner , Deanna , a Reaper , still glowed blindingly bright .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " Tarleton mumbled .
tr	PRES	Danny , bearer of the tickets , brings it up as soon as he and Elijah are through security .
tr	PRES	" Was it you , Stevens , or was it your father ? "
tr	PRES	Now come on George lets get back to the party so you can enjoy your first night back in civilization . "
tr	PAST	She flapped her arms .
tr	PRES	And those damn sappy family commercials ... It always cut her to the bone because it rammed home with brutal clarity what she was missing .
tr	PAST	A calm feeling washed over me and I relaxed slightly as the stabbing hunger eased up a bit .
tr	PAST	A dwarf in a dark cloak emerged from the airship , and took the staff from the gangly dwarf .
tr	PRES	A bolt of determination strikes me and I try to tempt Cole into staying a little longer .
tr	PRES	He opens the door for me and I step through out into the heat and sun .
tr	PRES	" I can 't believe it 's all over , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" If you don 't stop that , " he said , his voice husky .
tr	PRES	It fits and the door opens up .
tr	PAST	Moving quickly , he propped himself up against the pillows , then pulled her against him .
tr	PRES	Indeed , it causes a bit of a stir in these days ! "
tr	PRES	The infidels sing of it .
tr	PAST	You dreamed this voice . "
tr	PAST	" I messed everything up .
tr	PRES	She 's blind , you idiot .
tr	PRES	To keep up with her new releases sign up for her newsletter !
tr	PRES	" When mom told me about ... " He clears his throat at the uneasiness of the topic .
tr	PAST	I doubted he had ever been there either .
tr	PAST	Its trunk grew out from the mainland and burst forth with sixteen fronds , all circled by a crescent-shaped breakwater .
tr	PRES	She belongs with me . "
tr	PRES	But I totally approve of you two .
tr	PRES	I wince at my own words , but it 's too late and I can 't retract them .
tr	PAST	He pitched toward me , too close , and my heart sped up .
tr	PRES	" You can keep trying to avoid me , " he breathes in my ear , taking a nip at my earlobe .
tr	PRES	But , " she sighed , " he refuses to use any bow except the one that belonged to our father .
tr	PRES	When I don 't say anything , he clears his throat and continues .
tr	PRES	Behind him , someone else holds a large plank of wood with a nail sticking out of it .
tr	PRES	" Exactly what every girl here has asked for a very long time , Miss. .
tr	PRES	Instead of going to the mall with Becky , I ' d been dancing with vampires .
tr	PRES	He points at me .
tr	PRES	However , when two rocks are placed side by side , no thought transfers between them .
tr	PRES	He stands over me with his hands folded together behind him .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my hand .
tr	PRES	I whirl around in my seat , hoping he doesn 't see me or my reaction .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and let the arrow slide away from his fingertips .
tr	PRES	Minna reaches over and flips a switch on the wall and a dim glowing light floods the basement floor .
tr	PAST	Trina 's cell phone vibrated against the seat before she picked it up and looked at the screen .
tr	PRES	It crowned her head and flowed out behind her like a cloak .
tr	PRES	" False Light ! "
tr	PAST	Alabaster skin dusted with the sweetest hint of rose .
tr	PRES	" And so it begins ... " the Southland Queen whispered before heading off to face this new future .
tr	PRES	she mumbled as she began to pace .
tr	PAST	" You 're cold , " he stated plainly .
tr	PRES	Its body stank of death and decay .
tr	PAST	The old fear still lingered inside her , and Balthazar knew that was his own fault .
tr	PRES	My curse only applies to humans .
tr	PAST	He sensed the first small contractions sweeping through her lower body .
tr	PRES	His soft astounded voice mutters , " You felt that too , didn 't you ? "
tr	PAST	I pressed a hand to my mouth to suppress a burst of laughter , then acted like I was clearing my throat .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed with mock concern .
tr	PAST	Dawn just giggled and smiled at him .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me it seems as if to say ' no offense ' , but at the last second he retracts it .
tr	PRES	" Though he can 't understand it just yet , " she sighs , taking his right hand and lifting it toward his eyes .
tr	PRES	Her hand stills over her bowl , then she slowly lowers her bowl to the ground and turns on the column .
tr	PRES	When Joe Solomon grips your hand and says , " Professor Buckingham .
tr	PAST	But the amount of bribes that have entered the Assassins ' Chamber corrupted the organization .
tr	PRES	I relax back in bed , leaning against the headboard , and start turning the pages .
tr	PRES	He sighs and places his hand over mine .
tr	PAST	I prayed , " Goddess , help me save them .
tr	PAST	Declan and Willow exclaimed at the same time .
tr	PAST	He flicked his screen back to the coding he 'd been working on earlier and froze in shock .
tr	PAST	She circled her fingers , made tiny lights dance .
tr	PRES	The longing steals my breath , nearly bends me double .
tr	PAST	They treated my offer of help as a joke .
tr	PAST	Duncan 's feverish kisses slowed , but didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed , and I pulled it away from my ear to look at the picture .
tr	PRES	And bottomless , and menacing .
tr	PRES	My dad flips through it , like he 's looking for some sign it 's been tampered with .
tr	PRES	Davis rises from the piano , closes it , and grabs his jacket .
tr	PRES	He stands awkwardly , holding one of Will 's papers .
tr	PAST	Her back stiffened and she turned slowly to look at the door .
tr	PAST	" Julius Enderby - " She stiffened in his arms .
tr	PRES	He exhales , and there is a sound like the closing of a binder .
tr	PRES	" That was weird , " mumbled Pandora , holding her mother 's hand .
tr	PRES	He frowns , as though considering , then nods .
tr	PRES	She strikes me as much too impatient with the punch . "
tr	PAST	He extended his arms to her , and she wept uncontrollably , muttering nonsense as she looked at him and back to her daughter .
tr	PRES	" Something feisty ... Oh , I don 't know , a wild cat , maybe ? "
tr	PAST	" Idiot almost got himself killed , " he volunteered .
tr	PAST	In his room , he washed the blood from his face and neck and examined his arm .
tr	PRES	" Herding carts at Wal-Mart ?
tr	PAST	It bothered him always but never me .
tr	PRES	She likes to get all dressed up , and attending a charity event gives her the warm fuzzies .
tr	PAST	" My son tells me you are here on his bidding , " Miranda stated with little emotion , and Gabriel knew she was uncertain .
tr	PAST	Coming back to the cabin , Mandy cleaned , buttered and spiced the corn on the cob and wrapped it in aluminum foil .
tr	PRES	Trick stands perfectly still and waits .
tr	PRES	He holds Art - Artery - up with four of his hands .
tr	PAST	Somehow , she doubted that .
tr	PAST	She emerged just a few seconds later and shrugged her shoulders in Jason 's direction .
tr	PRES	I guarantee it will fix you right up , " Xander teased with raised eyebrows .
tr	PAST	They all alighted from the carriages and made their way up the stone steps .
tr	PAST	Somewhere high above , a piercing cry screeched downward .
tr	PRES	Then she gazes at me , saying , " And it worked , Anna ! "
tr	PAST	We never thrived again , but we 're still around .
tr	PRES	" Don 't touch me , Phillip .
tr	PRES	She wrapped herself tightly around him and came again , harder , nails digging into his skin , breath catching and halting , heart tripping .
tr	PAST	A low growl rumbled in his throat , the sound like that of a wild beast .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the smaller man , who retreated toward the back of the apartment .
tr	PRES	Or those two people at the ladies toilets at the cinema ?
tr	PRES	" Fishing , " I said , my voice husky .
tr	PRES	Malcolm holds the woman by the shoulders , talking to her , asking her questions .
tr	PAST	Got revenge on men and took out strangers to their land at the same time . "
tr	PRES	I hoist myself up onto the stairs then roll under the curtain and lie on my back .
tr	PAST	He prayed for the strength to somehow forgive Kelly .
tr	PAST	" They created the monster 's that are running loose in this town right now ? "
tr	PAST	Devon retreated swiftly , before he was sucked into her agony .
tr	PRES	If she belongs with anyone , she belongs with me . "
tr	PRES	With all that said , the decision lies with you , but it is imperative that we begin before mid-day tomorrow . "
tr	PRES	She begins to shake and shudder violently .
tr	PAST	But no one bothered us .
tr	PRES	The Princess Bride ! "
tr	PRES	Bec clutches me with her left hand .
tr	PAST	" I love him so much , " she sobbed , unable to conceal her true emotions .
tr	PAST	He must have sniffed every inch of it because two hours elapsed before he returned to the kitchen and graciously accepted a meal .
tr	PRES	Science explains perfectly why we 're here , and all without demanding that we kill those who feel differently .
tr	PAST	She washed her hair twice , her body three times , and wondered if she would ever feel clean again .
tr	PRES	When I stop at the entrance to the kitchen , Olivia stops as well .
tr	PAST	Lesley scribbled busily on her piece of paper .
tr	PRES	You stink higher than a skunk ! '
tr	PAST	" Sounds like yoga , " she uttered .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and looked at me quizzically and I laughed .
tr	PAST	People our age don 't get engaged if they 're smart .
tr	PRES	As if he would snap at the first cross word spoken to him .
tr	PAST	The barman squinted at it .
tr	PAST	The JTF headquarters element organized PT outside the old embassy , so I ran with them one morning .
tr	PAST	Her head cocked a warning at him before she smiled at me .
tr	PRES	" That 's not all of it , " mumbled the dark-haired guy .
tr	PAST	The dim light revealed a pale neck and dark brown hair woven in complicated braids and covered in tiny gold jewelry .
tr	PAST	Twilight painted the frozen lake surface in shades of blue and gray .
tr	PAST	I created this by accident a few years ago , during a winter blackout .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	He eyed Abe carefully .
tr	PRES	Did it flow easily to you ? "
tr	PAST	" I believe I said that first , " Jake stated , claiming his due credit .
tr	PAST	Kate 's phone buzzed on the bedside table .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around Coach 's neck so that he has to bend over .
tr	PAST	On seeing me approach , Abby shrieked with laughter .
tr	PAST	The woman stated a reasonable price .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately for Boone , that job normally lands in his lap .
tr	PAST	" I froze his sword and shattered it like glass . "
tr	PRES	He mumbled something that made me think he was dead , who knows .
tr	PAST	He was just leaning over , knife outstretched , when a commotion broke out above .
tr	PAST	If you asked for help , you risked ceding territory because you clearly couldn 't protect it .
tr	PRES	" Come on , John , " I begged .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Magister .
tr	PAST	I slapped at his arms , and he let out a curse .
tr	PRES	Stopped at a four way stop with no one else around , he reaches down and takes my hand .
tr	PRES	- You rally round , Ben .
tr	PAST	I faltered for one ... two ... three beats , unprepared for that answer .
tr	PRES	He lets out soft laugh .
tr	PRES	Or Perry Mason . "
tr	PAST	" Paris blooded you ? "
tr	PRES	She falls over and begins to twitch and writhe .
tr	PRES	And before them , Blythe Madison . "
tr	PAST	Laughing , she crawled back under the covers .
tr	PAST	Droopy collapsed to the ground .
tr	PRES	I wince as he moves the needle around in my vein trying to get the blood to flow faster .
tr	PAST	He had roamed the world , never in a hurry .
tr	PAST	McDonald dismissed the idea with a wave of her hand .
tr	PAST	Anne attempted it once .
tr	PAST	He freed his arm from my grasp and looked at me intently .
tr	PRES	Does this scare you ? "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and held on tighter .
tr	PRES	" Or on any world , Partner Elijah .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a melody came to my mind , the one Porphyry likes to whistle and sometimes hum . "
tr	PRES	The blade whipped past Tiberius and sank into Andrew Blackthorn 's chest .
tr	PAST	The sound of gunshots exploded in the small room .
tr	PRES	We belong together . "
tr	PRES	Not because he thought Rodney deserved any mercy -- the man was already dead , after all -- but because he needed Lucy to cut him loose .
tr	PAST	The summit of the facing hills revealed the presence of a hog back ridge .
tr	PRES	He stands over me and exhales , like he 's exhausted .
tr	PAST	He massaged his tender knuckles on his way into his apartment .
tr	PAST	Knuckles white , Joni clasped her hands together on her lap .
tr	PRES	She made her way down the cracked stone path , the sound of traffic fading as she neared the church doors .
tr	PAST	I cocked an eyebrow at him .
tr	PRES	The vines wove relentlessly around his limbs , pulling him down to the black floor .
tr	PAST	Valentine 's feverish eyes flicked to Luke , and back to his son .
tr	PAST	You lied to me ! "
tr	PAST	" Dad , " a small voice uttered from the doorway .
tr	PAST	The ashtray had caved in with the dash .
tr	PAST	I received information that your foundation is over two hundred years old and I wish to learn about it .
tr	PAST	She regarded me with implacable blue eyes I suddenly did not want to take the chance of looking into .
tr	PRES	I assume the worst , but I still murmur soft , soothing things to Katarina in the dark of the trailer .
tr	PAST	Don 't do this tonight , " Ryan chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Deliberate damage , perhaps , while it was outside the Administration Building .
tr	PAST	" You slapped me !
tr	PRES	It definitely explains the psychic energy , but not the why .
tr	PAST	They floated past faded tapestries and piles of haphazard portraits of long dead elves .
tr	PAST	' In the dark hour before dawn I doubted , but we will not part now .
tr	PAST	Excitement coiled inside Malcolm .
tr	PRES	Jacques was the only one who stood silently , one hip lazily resting against the wall , regarding Mikhail with a secret mocking half-smile .
tr	PAST	The light floated towards the box filling up the oval shape until it was all in .
tr	PRES	" Her dress is ripped , " she announces .
tr	PAST	I shuffled forward on my hands and knees , taking a deep breath in an effort to slow the rapid bursts of air coming from my lungs .
tr	PAST	I dared to curse him for the sheer misery that I had felt . "
tr	PRES	The air still holds a cold sting but I would rather we set off now that wait for the sun to reach it 's full strength .
tr	PAST	I prevented my mother from being happy .
tr	PAST	The light from the flashlight bounced off the closed bedroom door .
tr	PRES	I stir some sugar into my coffee and sit at our table .
tr	PAST	I silently prayed it wasn 't to see Calliope .
tr	PRES	Again she refuses to speak , so Alex intervenes , " What exactly did she say on the phone ? "
tr	PRES	It chugs twice before it finally turns , the loud rumble reverberating off the metal walls .
tr	PAST	Warm , fuzzy feelings floated through me like marshmallows in hot chocolate .
tr	PAST	I busted his ass , good . "
tr	PAST	She collapsed against his chest at that , his unexpected entry making her gushing wet in an instant .
tr	PAST	They weaved through the wreckage of the room as both doors opened , spilling yellowy torch light onto the destruction .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , then continue painting .
tr	PAST	She downed the glass of water as well and wondered how difficult it would be to get herself into the kitchen for more .
tr	PRES	She frowns down at her eggs as she stabs them with the fork .
tr	PRES	He grasps the railing and climbs over it .
tr	PRES	One who would smack your hand if she caught you stealing a cookie .
tr	PRES	" Maybe your body just remembers what your mind can 't . "
tr	PRES	" To celebrate life . "
tr	PAST	Once close enough she instinctively unleashed her right hand , which made contact with his face soon after .
tr	PAST	Jonas relaxed deeply , enjoying the scent of her hair and the way the curls tickled his nostrils .
tr	PAST	She circled around , listening for the water .
tr	PRES	No secrets here , Lydia . "
tr	PAST	The crystal clear water reflected the azure sky .
tr	PRES	A cosmos alight in a blazing inferno .
tr	PRES	Mr. Martinez smiled , his teeth gleaming a perfect shade of white .
tr	PRES	" Neither of you belong in this world right now .
tr	PRES	Blood filters down our wrists and forearms .
tr	PAST	The lights flicked up to high beams , flooding the interior in harsh bright light .
tr	PAST	She giggled as he released her from the spanking bench .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as she ran her fingers over his skin but she ignored the sound .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , I 'm okay , " I lied , trying to get myself under control .
tr	PRES	A screen shone in front of them , which showed them where all these events had taken place .
tr	PRES	Cleaver appraised the maid and felt confident in his choice of accomplice .
tr	PAST	He faltered just a little , looked as if he tried to recover and slipped back , away from his protectors .
tr	PRES	No one talks about it , obviously .
tr	PAST	Before I could opened my mouth , suddenly , someone barged inside the room , slamming the door , sending goose bumps all over my skin .
tr	PRES	With his tongue he teased her lips open .
tr	PRES	I snuck up behind him and poked him in the ribs .
tr	PRES	Vendors sell the same cheap T-shirts at five-foot intervals .
tr	PRES	He dreaded seeing those digits appear .
tr	PRES	" Best you keep your head down and mouth shut , lad .
tr	PRES	She still loves us .
tr	PAST	Every herder who ever lost a sheep to the wood had never dared venture after it .
tr	PRES	My body begins to tremble , and I 'm sure he can see it .
tr	PAST	Tara 's little gasping breaths eventually slowed and the fist on his chest relaxed .
tr	PRES	I murmur , turning in a circle .
tr	PRES	" He actually likes this ? "
tr	PRES	Though whether the hour is too late remains to be seen . '
tr	PRES	She trills , holding her midsection then she reaches into the top of her dress and pulls out a handkerchief .
tr	PAST	They emerged from the corridor adjacent to the office on to the storeroom floor .
tr	PRES	" Call me if you 're in trouble , " he said , " And call Carla to schedule a lesson . "
tr	PRES	Because they were just a series of individual particles .
tr	PRES	Perhaps , " she suggested , " if you narrowed the scope of your all-important apology . "
tr	PRES	Police in charge of the investigation describe the details of the murder as horrifying and too gruesome to reveal to the public at this point in time .
tr	PAST	She tugged her shawl closer .
tr	PRES	I hesitate and then ask , " Why blueberries ? "
tr	PRES	" Over here , all of ye ! "
tr	PRES	" With pleasure , Madam .
tr	PRES	She hates doing this a second time , but she has to tell him .
tr	PAST	As she 'd already noted , he acted like he cared .
tr	PRES	" Please , Rafe , please , " she begged as he stepped back .
tr	PAST	When Gage didn 't return , he hooked the empty bag to the fence and started across the parking lot .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his top shirt and took it off .
tr	PRES	Quickly , he flips me over so I 'm facedown and yanks my hands above my head .
tr	PAST	" But she recruited three bullies from our school who are now helping her . "
tr	PAST	A couple giggled nervously .
tr	PRES	" I 'll figure it out , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	the Blind King inquired .
tr	PRES	Goodness remains , so long as you believe . "
tr	PRES	I shout , running through a small clearing towards Chloe 's cries for help .
tr	PAST	Leopold motioned the next pair of combatants into the ring .
tr	PRES	The smile on her face disappears and immediately I see the fear on her face .
tr	PRES	Marae slides her fingers across the screen again .
tr	PRES	She blushes and giggles .
tr	PAST	As he cleared the alleyway a black car screeched to a halt right into his path .
tr	PRES	But Beowulf , I fancy , plays a larger part than is recognized in helping us to esteem them .
tr	PAST	We attempted to carry her into the cabin , but as soon as she had quitted the fresh air she fainted .
tr	PRES	" Many argued against staying , " Tiernan sighs .
tr	PRES	The staff 's jeweled crown begins to glow .
tr	PAST	I ... I stole it from my foster parent . "
tr	PRES	" No checking out his ass with Noah here . "
tr	PAST	We handled the last crisis we could handle this one too .
tr	PRES	He climbs into bed beside me and props himself up on one elbow .
tr	PRES	He holds the door open and extends his hand for us to enter .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the bush rumbled and Michel appeared .
tr	PAST	She acted cheerful , but it was very evident it was just that .
tr	PAST	Mason jabbed a thumb toward the museum sign .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked past her and then back .
tr	PAST	Trey stifled a cough .
tr	PRES	' On vacation , silly .
tr	PRES	He stares at me and seconds later I 'm blasted with emotions so powerful that it feels like I 'm going to split open from the pressure .
tr	PRES	" Hold on , Sakura .
tr	PRES	" Hey Ma . "
tr	PRES	" You imagining me naked or something ? "
tr	PAST	Chase massaged his temples gingerly and sighed .
tr	PRES	She sees the disgust on my face , and for once she stands up for herself .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and kiss her .
tr	PAST	We meandered back up the pier , stopping several times to admire the blue water and laugh at the pelicans .
tr	PRES	" Here 's to the next eighty years , " he murmurs and then tips his glass back and takes a sip .
tr	PRES	They blindfold me , and then stick a needle into my left arm .
tr	PRES	Then she pushes herself up and rides the rest of the way down .
tr	PAST	Ella 's eyes glowed with admiration .
tr	PRES	He glances my way again .
tr	PRES	McCoy nearly choked on a bean sprout .
tr	PRES	She deserves a better life than the one we 're living . "
tr	PAST	At the bottom , in the nothing , a twisted creature unwound as if released .
tr	PRES	Abe 's hand stops in my hair , and I begin to drift away .
tr	PAST	" We either hike to the van or figure out how to fly that thing out of here . "
tr	PAST	She cringed when she looked down and realized that she was still sprawled out on a now awake , but obviously confused Declan .
tr	PRES	Henrietta just mumbled a yes .
tr	PRES	" Good , " he whispers back , very dramatically .
tr	PRES	' Oh , that 's all right , Pol , ' she forgave me .
tr	PAST	The blue handkerchiefs peeking from their breast pockets matched their neckties .
tr	PRES	" A metal buckle .
tr	PRES	After a time in her arms , he returns to normal , confused as to what caused his sudden episode to begin with .
tr	PAST	Picking up his phone , he dialed his head of security .
tr	PAST	They slowed to a trot as they neared the edges of the filming area .
tr	PRES	Then he brings my hand to his mouth and places a long , lingering kiss right in the center of my palm .
tr	PRES	He tries everything to get a reaction , to gain some semblance of sympathy or pity .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Lexi ? "
tr	PRES	She pushes the door open a bit more and puts a leg inside .
tr	PAST	Inside , her father 's SUV lingered beneath the snow shovels and bags of fertilizer stacked against the wall .
tr	PRES	His hand falls to the side .
tr	PAST	I crawled into it , praying I 'd find Jerzy already there .
tr	PAST	Michelle clutched his arm , and hugged him .
tr	PRES	" Only once , " he states .
tr	PRES	" Good heavens ! "
tr	PAST	My phone vibrated in my coat , and I pulled it out to see a text from Nina .
tr	PAST	She very much feared that Mr. Thornton meant to kill them .
tr	PRES	His crew begins to chant as they prepare the ship for the open sea .
tr	PAST	King Ine was looking disturbed , his eyes troubled , and a droop to his shoulders that worried Lord Brogan .
tr	PRES	I mumbled to ask .
tr	PAST	A painting often required up to six weeks to complete .
tr	PAST	Near him , a woman collapsed onto the ground , sobbing and spitting hysterical , unintelligible words that no one was listening to .
tr	PRES	" All ships engage !
tr	PRES	" Freakin ' smartass , " I mutter to myself , hanging up the phone .
tr	PRES	I recall you telling me about bringing a batch of brownies that had a few special ingredients in them .
tr	PAST	He froze , his face reddened , and then he quickly ducked off line and headed for the exit .
tr	PAST	Edwina 's face nearly matched the white exterior of her house , and she looked a little unsteady on her feet .
tr	PAST	" No , I wasn 't aware Senator Maxwell had an event on Hilton Head this weekend , " she lied fluidly .
tr	PRES	" Lord Soren . "
tr	PAST	' I promise , ' she uttered .
tr	PAST	Samantha , meanwhile , shuffled uncomfortably from foot to foot .
tr	PRES	" Was not , " I protest .
tr	PRES	" To kin . "
tr	PAST	A bumbling tourist squinted at a guidebook in the low light .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me , his curious eyes probing me for answers , before turning away to continue his search for fallen apples .
tr	PRES	Realm swears under his breath , rubbing roughly at his face .
tr	PRES	And you 're all weird right now , " Taylor begged .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	He motioned for them to sit as well .
tr	PAST	They tugged at each other 's clothing , desperate to expose skin , to feel flesh upon flesh .
tr	PRES	His heart rate , recorded on the monitor in front of Amar , rises and rises , like a bird taking flight .
tr	PRES	- but that urge drained away as I stared into his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Then that brings me to my other reason for calling .
tr	PAST	We emerged and quickly rolled .
tr	PRES	She clutches a piece of paper in her fist .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , Lyn urged him on , " Go on . "
tr	PAST	The band also recorded eleven live albums .
tr	PAST	Hurt and other things exploded in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Something else , even more unpopular , remains to be dealt with .
tr	PAST	The girl named Viktoria smiled .
tr	PRES	' Aye ... Goodbye , brother ... Until the next life . '
tr	PRES	She stares at me dumbfounded , and Jerry 's expression is also puzzled .
tr	PAST	As part of Lou 's daily routine , he collected empty cans and bottles to cash in for deposit refunds .
tr	PRES	" To shield you .
tr	PRES	In general , I snap at him .
tr	PAST	Wires crawled over roots and trunks , choking trees and vegetation like red and black creeper vines .
tr	PAST	I was feeling a little wrong about it too , " she lied .
tr	PAST	I tensed up and could barely choke down my scrambled eggs , waiting for whatever it was Aunt Lulu went through all this trouble for .
tr	PRES	Blake reaches past me and flips open the toolbox .
tr	PAST	The mist swirled inside the chalice .
tr	PAST	I slapped a content look on my face .
tr	PAST	I almost skipped down the stairs .
tr	PAST	I surmised we were keeping the recovery of Gramma 's body to ourselves .
tr	PAST	Hutch stiffened , almost as if he knew what was coming - although he couldn 't possibly .
tr	PRES	A boy 's screams pierce the silence of the night and the village explodes into life .
tr	PRES	But she only uses it for emergencies .
tr	PRES	" Tell you what , Harley .
tr	PAST	He thanked God Roger was with him -- he would have gone mad if Haworth had opted to return to Chester .
tr	PRES	" She uses language your Majesty might prefer not to hear . "
tr	PAST	" You don 't fight fair , " he accused .
tr	PRES	Raven carries my son , although she is having problems again .
tr	PRES	The painful reality seeps into my skin and I prop myself up on my elbows .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , the bastard ruined my desk . "
tr	PRES	The backdrop of the bright blue sky mirrors the water and blinds the hell out of my eyes .
tr	PAST	" I cant , Mama .
tr	PAST	Abby squealed , giving Dr. Meadows a hug .
tr	PAST	Already I sensed the particles were sifting right through the cloth ; the car was continuing to fill .
tr	PAST	Scott flattened his hands to his ears , wincing .
tr	PAST	He steered the Jeep onto the road .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes , which are sheen with water .
tr	PAST	Turning away from Shotgun , he circled the bed and peeked in the closet .
tr	PRES	You stank before . "
tr	PRES	The ground trembles , a growling echo drums through the woods as the clatter gets closer and closer like a terrible earthquake .
tr	PRES	She stops dead in her tracks .
tr	PRES	" What a generous boyfriend , " Amy said , her voice dreamy .
tr	PAST	Grace faked a yawn .
tr	PRES	My sister flicks her fingers , and River falls to the sand , released from her grip , and my pain subsides .
tr	PAST	Talon exclaimed when he spotted a dragon coming in from the north .
tr	PRES	" But not the snooty elves .
tr	PRES	Ever so carefully they creep toward it .
tr	PAST	She threaded her fingers through his hair as he moved to her other breast to suck .
tr	PAST	Baxter transferred a stack of dirty dishes to the sink before leaning against the counter .
tr	PRES	Somehow , that eases my tension .
tr	PAST	I used to be friends with all the students and teachers -- yes , even with my bowties back then , too , " he joked .
tr	PRES	The man opens a black portfolio and shuffles through the papers , dragging his finger down a ledger .
tr	PAST	The slow , silent electric floats in the far lane trudged by .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to his knees , pain tearing through him .
tr	PRES	" The stories aren 't real , Bree , " he cal ed to me .
tr	PAST	Taking his shirt off , he crawled underneath to inspect the problem .
tr	PRES	Cadaver falls to the floor , writhing and hissing .
tr	PAST	The two dragons leap together from the ice rock and are propelled above it .
tr	PAST	She pinched her cheeks and fluffed her hair back into place .
tr	PRES	My partial view of the city below opens a little with the swaying branches , and I see that the wind has blown away the smog .
tr	PRES	Adel stands up and looks her in the eye ( she is slightly taller so he has to look up ) .
tr	PRES	It wove itself brilliantly within him .
tr	PRES	Luthor reaches toward me , and the scream in my throat dies , choking me and leaving me breathless .
tr	PRES	I fish a condom out of my back pocket and throw it on in record time .
tr	PRES	With that she stalked outside .
tr	PAST	Then I crouched down , squinting .
tr	PAST	Just when she was about to topple over the precipice , he slowed the pace once more until her body begged for completion .
tr	PAST	It blotted out that other sound , at least temporarily .
tr	PAST	He balanced the ice sculpture on his fingertips then shot it up into the air where it dissolved into snowflakes .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think this is a good idea , " she whispered , the sound muffled in his shut .
tr	PRES	He reaches for the pack of cigarettes in his front pocket .
tr	PAST	In a sudden burst of insight , Nate experienced a divine revelation -- the problem had to do with them damn horns !
tr	PAST	He thanked her for her information but could hardly contain himself as he quickly turned and walked away .
tr	PRES	He lays a hand over mine and confines it against his chest .
tr	PAST	" My brother ruled this territory for five years .
tr	PAST	During that time , the man created a large ball of energy in his hands .
tr	PAST	Oh fuck , indeed .
tr	PAST	" You treated me like a red-headed stepchild for months .
tr	PAST	Seeing him now produced a shiver of apprehension .
tr	PAST	Without warning , they barreled through .
tr	PRES	Barely able to defend in time , the young man remains resolute , spinning into a whirlwind slash that forces his dark opponent back a step .
tr	PRES	He stares out at the road depleted .
tr	PRES	They all just rip it off anyway . "
tr	PAST	Tynan 's pulse slowed .
tr	PAST	Even the captain came out of his office immediately , hand extended .
tr	PAST	Jonas lounged alongside her on the old blanket , sipping beer and eating sandwiches while they engaged in easy , totally nonthreatening conversation .
tr	PRES	She offers me a cup and I pour a glass of lemonade .
tr	PRES	Then she witnessed him charging through the jungle .
tr	PAST	" Okay , bro , " Trace slapped his brother 's arm before shucking his clothing and turning to a tall , black wolf .
tr	PAST	Although oddly enough there is a patch of missing footage from before he arrived , like somebody messed with the tape .
tr	PRES	Hang on while I go fetch my spy gear from my secret spy car . "
tr	PRES	" See men , observe how the lightning jumps from our ship and to the sky !
tr	PAST	" The Sumerians defeated our team without losing a single point .
tr	PAST	Without any hesitation at all she skipped along until she came to the love scenes .
tr	PRES	For the last two nights I ' d partied with these girls , and we ' d instantly bonded like we were old friends .
tr	PAST	Joy washed over the wolf , the need for blood , for the kill .
tr	PRES	He disappears around the corner .
tr	PAST	The thought of leaving Annabelle alone hollowed him out .
tr	PRES	The monotonous work helps her process the day .
tr	PAST	So he handled it like he used to when they were still hatchlings .
tr	PAST	It caved in a little later .
tr	PRES	I simply exist . "
tr	PAST	He released her and sank back down on the bed , his hands clasped behind his head .
tr	PAST	The metal shielding acted as a Faraday cage , protecting the batteries and equipment from electromagnetic radiation caused by a thermonuclear explosion .
tr	PAST	I ... I feared the worst when I couldn 't find you . "
tr	PRES	" I cannot believe I am having a romantic interlude with a coffin , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Once I was finished brushing , I rinsed off my toothbrush and put it away .
tr	PAST	" Okay , so let 's not total the boat like we did last time , " Lee joked over the din of the twin motors .
tr	PAST	My fingers itched and I had to flex them and wring them with my other hand to make them cease their mission .
tr	PRES	Fruit never falls far from the tree .
tr	PRES	Every little helps , but no amount of charge is going to fix the armour or the engines .
tr	PAST	He unzipped his track jacket and hung it on the back of his desk chair so that he was just wearing a black wife beater .
tr	PRES	Every now and then I lean down and hug Kel , who 's still crying .
tr	PRES	His gaze met mine , my hands resting on his chest .
tr	PRES	" The remains of previous guests ? "
tr	PRES	Then she wraps her arms around me and lays the side of her face against my chest .
tr	PRES	" The cobblestones are a problem , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Please warn me the next time you decide to fling me at a tree . "
tr	PRES	But as he moved past the reporters and pushed through the tall glass entry doors into the lobby , none of that mattered .
tr	PAST	He hopped over Perry , to his right side .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me and grabs a lock of my hair .
tr	PAST	" Stryker , " Sean announced with a secretive smile for his wife .
tr	PRES	A soft breath of exasperation streams out from him .
tr	PAST	But my telekinetic magic proved to be too strong , so instead I 'm a tactile .
tr	PAST	Altair stole a glance from beneath his cowl .
tr	PAST	The people cheered and danced in the streets with happiness at the restoration of their prince .
tr	PRES	Now , Father clears his throat , interrupting my mother 's complaints : " It is only seven days .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think your cousin likes me , " I elbowed Kiran , nodding in the direction of Amelia .
tr	PRES	" With the exception of altering the house physically , but even then there are many clauses . "
tr	PAST	" Nicely handled , my liege . "
tr	PRES	Knox mutters , " Fuck it , " before his rich , plump lips descend on mine .
tr	PRES	My whole body begins shaking and feels as though it 's been fully submerged in the ice that clings to the rocky peak .
tr	PAST	It screeched across the old stone floor .
tr	PAST	From another drawer he extracted a box of matches and a tin box , into which he placed what remained of his cigar stub .
tr	PAST	" Our host , actually . "
tr	PRES	Rachel hauled in a big breath .
tr	PRES	We 're pretty damn awesome , " he teased .
tr	PAST	" It 'd be risky for you too , " Steve countered .
tr	PAST	I sensed her nodding but she didn 't answer .
tr	PRES	He deserves that , and I wouldn 't do anything to stand in his way . "
tr	PRES	" She likes Sexy Sadie 's . "
tr	PRES	" I value human life a lot more than you do , Warner . "
tr	PAST	Even after Lucian had turned , they merged often .
tr	PRES	But the innocents loses war For it is them who hurts the most . "
tr	PRES	Your team misses out on dish duties tonight . "
tr	PRES	It only begins to penetrate slowly in the days that follow .
tr	PAST	The light reflected in his eyes as they gazed into Anna 's .
tr	PAST	Her face glowed with love , and when the camera panned back to Mitch , the emotion in his expression punched a sob up Nadia 's throat .
tr	PRES	" But ditch the pig , okay ? "
tr	PAST	Screams shattered the silence of even the house .
tr	PAST	Davion , still reluctant , slowed his steps as we got closer to the end of the hall .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his jacket and hung it on one of the corner posts .
tr	PRES	My head snaps round , leaving our faces inches apart .
tr	PAST	Dust and cobwebs engulfed the corners .
tr	PAST	I denied it vehemently , " But may I know why you ask ? "
tr	PRES	The door to the lab buckles and suddenly tears apart , pieces flying in all directions .
tr	PAST	A hard smile curved his lips , making the hostess stumble in astonishment .
tr	PAST	She thanked me and sat , her eyes darting here and there , probably trying to identify objects and make sense of what she was seeing .
tr	PAST	Liv inched closer to Amma .
tr	PRES	Or a grenade launcher .
tr	PAST	Zeke mauled her every night .
tr	PAST	At the far end , Sebastian risked a quick glance around .
tr	PRES	" I think it 's almost three now , " Della helps .
tr	PAST	Finally , he stripped the thong down my hips .
tr	PAST	Sabrina trudged to the door with a racing heart and trembling legs .
tr	PAST	David steered Colby into the kitchen , then glanced back at Valerie , scowling at the suitcase in her hand .
tr	PAST	And as soon as his daughter left the room to congratulate Chewy on his hard work , the grandfather 's head collapsed forward .
tr	PRES	He blessed and dismissed her .
tr	PRES	Rounding the sizeable house and moving through an alleyway , Zelda stops in her tracks as she detects a familiar presence .
tr	PAST	" By this hot chick I hooked up with the other night .
tr	PAST	Tristan eyed the pole , keeping his distance .
tr	PAST	Izzy 's jaw tensed .
tr	PRES	" At least let me walk you out , " Charlotte begged .
tr	PAST	His pale green eyes mesmerized her .
tr	PAST	Declan coiled his fists in rage .
tr	PAST	Brilliant sunshine bounced from every surface , from the marble walls to the polished stone floors , to the massive furniture .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged .
tr	PRES	She hosts a Grandmaster . "
tr	PRES	" Sometimes , but he likes to ride in the car with me . "
tr	PAST	" Yeah I-I 'm fine " I lied through gritted teeth .
tr	PAST	Jack 's breath washed across my cheek .
tr	PRES	" The reporters . "
tr	PAST	The world experienced tidal locking in relation to Proxima , generating enormous amounts of friction and heat .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked her shirt and glistened on her face .
tr	PAST	I thanked the driver and left the comfort of the car .
tr	PAST	She plunged the spoon back into the pot .
tr	PRES	That girl can read my mind , even when I don 't know what I am trying to do , " grinning then clears his throat .
tr	PAST	The one we awoke during the Trial .
tr	PRES	Viktor flashed Romulus a hot warning .
tr	PRES	After , she draws up even more .
tr	PRES	" A field of unconsciousness from which any unconscious can draw ... round that sustains and buoys - and the sleeping colonists provide it . "
tr	PAST	Four years after departing for Spain , he resigned his commission and returned to England to resume the duties and responsibilities of a dukedom .
tr	PAST	' Ah , so you didn 't want to dance with me after all , ' she stated , challenging him with her eyes .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think I 've quite gotten over last night , " I murmur as we walk , trying to think of a good excuse .
tr	PRES	" He uses china cups and a silver tray .
tr	PAST	Nixon slapped my back and stood .
tr	PRES	She hates them . "
tr	PAST	I nuzzled my nose into the hair that hung over his ear , his breath thick on my neck .
tr	PAST	The little girl thanked him and skipped off after the others , her legs in good working order again . '
tr	PRES	Dusty opens the file .
tr	PAST	Rafe sought to keep his impatience in check .
tr	PAST	The next day my parents announced that they were driving into town .
tr	PRES	Big gorillas white back gorillas sniff Amy baby sniff Amy all gorillas sniff gorillas like Amy .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Carson .
tr	PAST	Plumes of white water swirled madly , rising in several towers toward the veiled moon .
tr	PAST	" You used that spell book first , " countered Edwin .
tr	PRES	She opens her legs , and you keep an eye on her during practice ? "
tr	PRES	He helps me from the vehicle , his arm wound tight around my waist , and I lean my weight into him .
tr	PAST	I giggled like a school girl and wanted to slap my hand over my mouth for making those embarrassing sounds .
tr	PAST	Everyone trudged down the stairs and out the door .
tr	PRES	Jason glances at me .
tr	PAST	" It never left , " Prime Minister Shale announced in a faltering voice .
tr	PRES	Rian lets out a frustrated breath .
tr	PRES	" Let 's not do that again , " the boy exhales , recovering from the brief injection of fear .
tr	PAST	" Of course the moon lied to me when she told me that Mother Sea was still angry with me for tampering with her color . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I murmur to Dante and then I rush for Mia .
tr	PAST	I giggled in absurd excitement .
tr	PAST	" Or maybe he sensed we were ?
tr	PRES	" So we abandon her ? "
tr	PRES	" I forgive you .
tr	PRES	A tree closer by snaps and crackles and hits the ground .
tr	PAST	Aly collapsed in my hold , her knees completely giving way .
tr	PAST	Mr Bradshaw correctly interpreted his glance at Whitlow .
tr	PAST	She froze at his voice , breath catching in her chest .
tr	PRES	" Terrible pain , " mumbled Dusty , barely awake .
tr	PAST	Irritated , I inched away from him , looking furtively at the other couples , both men stretching their knees wide apart and shuffling .
tr	PAST	Droughts served them well , completely removing any temptation that existed to try eating sometime .
tr	PAST	Something about the firing positions bothered him , but he couldn 't think what it was .
tr	PAST	Finally he reached into the trunk , rummaged for a moment before he joined Tasha , a black glove on his left hand .
tr	PAST	In our article " Anarchy and Pacifism " we discuss a number of fallacies and weaknesses in the pacifist philosophy .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , he told him to finish out the day and he 'd be transferred by this afternoon , " Martin frowns .
tr	PRES	" But what about the big E in the center of the temple ? "
tr	PRES	" The harm lies in the fact that you might wind up fooling yourself and me as well . "
tr	PAST	Brant served up Ty 's plate and blew on his eggs to cool them .
tr	PAST	Activity buzzed around the courtyard at once , with men running to gather arms and horses .
tr	PRES	" We don 't have to talk about this right now , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" As quickly , as possible , " she reiterated .
tr	PAST	His mouth tensed , and he pulled slightly away to lean against the wall behind him .
tr	PAST	When I met you in Vegas , Anna had dared me to go celibate for two months .
tr	PRES	" I do not want to believe it , " Oban nearly mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Men on horseback .
tr	PAST	He glided around her , his strong smell permeating her brain , the stench of burnt chocolate .
tr	PRES	All the while uncaring stars shone down on them both .
tr	PRES	The men untie Dana and me but hold us and make us watch .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked back to the most important monitor as the speakers attached to it emitted a distant , tinny rumble .
tr	PRES	Adam glances at the door , the clock , my face .
tr	PAST	Julian preferred the old tactic : while people were sleeping , he spoke to them and they were thinking it was a dream .
tr	PRES	" Maybe even an eagle .
tr	PRES	" Macy , please , " he begged .
tr	PAST	A small alley snaked down the left-hand side of the building .
tr	PAST	" Well , thanks a lot Kitty , " Brandon scoffed .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as he moved his hand to the thin strap of my tank top .
tr	PAST	His panther sight dimmed as it scanned the females present and detected none of his kind .
tr	PRES	She sighs into the thought .
tr	PRES	" Ten bucks . "
tr	PAST	She stiffened her shoulders .
tr	PRES	He embraces me and it 's just what I crave .
tr	PRES	I tuned out most of it , but still caught phrases like : Who are you going with ?
tr	PAST	Ed hopped along on three legs for a moment and then bounded as best he could through the hardening snow to Spike 's side .
tr	PRES	I witnessed you kidnapping Toby . "
tr	PRES	she rattles her small present .
tr	PAST	I inched myself around and there he was , standing in front of me as if he had been there the whole time .
tr	PAST	The second hand of Kaspar 's watch inched around , seeming to be slow enough for my heart to thump twice every time it moved .
tr	PRES	" That begs the obvious question . "
tr	PAST	Instead of large tanks , our protected cove served as their home .
tr	PRES	Adel 's jaw opens to say something and then he stops .
tr	PRES	" This is good , " he mumbled between bites , probably having said those three words a dozen times by now .
tr	PRES	Chapter 8 The stars shone through the window , distant and diamond .
tr	PRES	He sees me , so he speeds up .
tr	PAST	Natalie eyed his dark suit and power tie and said , " What kind of business are you in , Mr. Bishop ?
tr	PRES	" The other cup of coffee is for ... " " Me . "
tr	PAST	My eyes glowed so brightly that I could see the colored shadows of the green and gold of my own eyes at the edges of my vision .
tr	PAST	George extended his hand , and the two shook on the promise .
tr	PAST	The servants hopped down and opened the door to the carriage once again , proffering a hand to help Thomas out .
tr	PAST	The voice continued to probe , the reporter shuffled through her papers .
tr	PAST	" Somebody stole the horses . "
tr	PAST	I fiddled with the groove in the tile of the entryway , pushing the hem of my yoga pants into it with my toes .
tr	PAST	Just got transferred to Covert Ops . "
tr	PAST	In this song -- also in French , I thought -- not only did he do the vocals , he also accompanied the orchestra on the piano .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me from under those dark eyebrows and nods .
tr	PRES	The scent of turkey lies thick in the air as I head downstairs .
tr	PAST	Glancing around , he zipped up his jacket to ward off the damp chill and moved away from the door .
tr	PRES	Before we leave , he shuts his eyes for a long moment , then stands to face the team .
tr	PAST	We squinted at the screen , watching as the headlights flashed a couple of times and figures - pixilated blobs - moved toward the car .
tr	PAST	Harry proceeded to wrap the shirt around the rock and then slammed it into the driver side window of the car .
tr	PAST	Band 5 on Landsat satellites recorded infrared data .
tr	PAST	Kelly writhed against Ryan in an attempt to get even closer .
tr	PAST	" I don 't see anything good about him either , " he stated flatly .
tr	PRES	As I watched , Cassandra danced around me , thrilled to know the truth of my survival .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the fresh air , feeling a sense of rejuvenation .
tr	PAST	Number one sensed his questions were beginning to burden number two so he decided silence to be the antidote for that .
tr	PAST	Lysander must have sensed this .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed as the homepage opened up instantly .
tr	PRES	Brit likes to talk tough , but I know that under everything , she 's still just a kid .
tr	PRES	I assume you 've heard the rumours ? "
tr	PAST	" Everything will work out , " Olivia reassured her .
tr	PRES	But his royal lineage ... That never came up in conversation . "
tr	PAST	Several bursts of deep male laughter accompanied a single , higher pitched feminine giggle .
tr	PRES	" They are not going to see us or kill us ... , " standing and blocking his eyesight from the view screen .
tr	PAST	Liam pondered upon it .
tr	PAST	For I have lied to you .
tr	PAST	She was dripping wet , her silken panties already soaked through .
tr	PRES	" Right there , lass .
tr	PRES	Raven released her hand but walked very close , their arms occasionally brushing together .
tr	PRES	" She deserves it . "
tr	PAST	They squealed with delight at the prospect of spending the whole afternoon at the water park .
tr	PAST	" You wouldn 't catch me in a cage with a gorilla , " he denied .
tr	PAST	He caressed his hands down my spine , massaged my lower back , then traced his fingers up to my shoulders .
tr	PRES	And Westminster Cathedral , white , bulky , a thousand years old .
tr	PAST	I sobbed and I waited , but there was no reply .
tr	PAST	The smoke swirled quickly through the energy , consuming it and drawing it into Dormer 's body .
tr	PAST	The boy that was fond of Cassie shimmied off the cot and teetered over to him on pudgy legs .
tr	PAST	Micah froze , holding Renee inches away from Mom 's Christmas tree , which looked like it had seen better days .
tr	PRES	Pope opens his mouth to speak when a veritable nation of screams rises up out of the woods all around them .
tr	PAST	She writhed and moaned , his body pressing against hers with delicious heat and strength .
tr	PAST	The vampire named Alice shot a glare at Jasper .
tr	PRES	Although I 'm really not a fan of -- " I stopped , hearing our friends scrambling on the scaffolding above us .
tr	PRES	" He just loves me .
tr	PAST	But Wilder represented the majority of his troops in the field .
tr	PAST	He had volunteered to deliver the news because he felt guilty about not visiting her very often .
tr	PAST	" Would you quit before you fall over ? "
tr	PAST	Whiting 's reputation described him as a fine , upstanding citizen and community leader who attended church regularly .
tr	PAST	Outside , his bike rumbled to life , roared to a thunder as he took it to the street .
tr	PAST	I sensed her hesitation , but she eventually gave in and said , " You have one minute . "
tr	PAST	" You 're cutting me off now , " he accused .
tr	PAST	I topped the covers with towels , but the royals lost interest and moved to my desk .
tr	PRES	What other line of work allows you to create like this , alongside your family ?
tr	PRES	Purple , orange , and green strobe lights threaten to give me a seizure .
tr	PAST	Vincent balled his claw into a fist , staring down at it with an empty expression .
tr	PRES	' Well , serious being something you still stew over for ages .
tr	PAST	Then his eyes brightened .
tr	PRES	Although , I did make out the word blood and all he hears is the rushing of blood and pounding hearts . "
tr	PAST	His eyes almost glowed .
tr	PRES	The room holds three walls of windows , showing the breath-taking view of the mountains , ice , and snow caps .
tr	PRES	Blake attempts to move the car forward but it won 't budge .
tr	PAST	He trudged to Crown Street 's tunnel above which eight or so railway tracks lay .
tr	PRES	While helping the merchant 's wife to shop for food from stalls near the waterfront , she sees a tramp steamer preparing for departure .
tr	PAST	Then with only a few of my guards left they charged us .
tr	PAST	" You may go , " I dismissed her before I glared at Tehran once more .
tr	PAST	" Chris served my needs well , Serena .
tr	PRES	Timothy sees the professor 's sincerity and knows that he would genuinely miss him .
tr	PRES	The ship suddenly lurches and Valerie is again tossed to the deck plates .
tr	PAST	Less than a minute later , her response bounced back .
tr	PRES	" Coat with metal garb , protects against asses like you and the bullets you have .
tr	PAST	One word uttered by an eighteen-year-old brought me back to reality .
tr	PRES	' One 's mine , the other belongs to Estelle .
tr	PAST	I proceeded to explain everything that had taken place between us .
tr	PRES	Eva whispers something again before releasing Andrew , She touches my arm .
tr	PRES	" Regular stuff , the tree , church , Santa , presents .
tr	PRES	A smile twitches my lips as the faint hum of the falsehood dances under my skin .
tr	PRES	" Fat chance , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Noah casually announced that he 'd made a friend at school named Sam , who liked Xbox and played the guitar .
tr	PAST	As he pulled it off the shelf it unfolded down to the floor .
tr	PRES	The earth holds me in her arms and heals me .
tr	PAST	The gorilla charged him as he pulled away the silencer from the second tripod .
tr	PRES	" Oh , please sir , yes , fuck me , fuck me . "
tr	PAST	It floated in the air : the whole world , sketched in glowing lines and .
tr	PRES	Verity points up to the ceiling .
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin up .
tr	PAST	I tugged on Cassandra 's arm .
tr	PRES	He glances at my face , and after frowning his perpetual frown , he turns away .
tr	PRES	Animals provide tremendous knowledge of our world .
tr	PRES	" Now , three line platoon !
tr	PAST	I washed my face and looked at myself as the water dripped off my chin .
tr	PAST	Andre motioned for Connor to follow .
tr	PAST	Having all those jealous convictions confirmed only served to fuel Sebastian 's anger .
tr	PRES	She carries her head with arrogance , emitting self-confidence .
tr	PAST	I leaped into the air at the oncoming group , slicing one across the face and kicking another one hard with both of my feet .
tr	PRES	" You 'll have to be careful , lass .
tr	PAST	Marcus 's mouth curved with blatant charm , a silent encouragement , and her heart stopped .
tr	PAST	Ethan then pretended to crack a whip in Quinlan 's direction .
tr	PAST	Lorelei 's phone vibrated on the table .
tr	PRES	He draws a knife from its sheath on his thigh .
tr	PRES	The last note stretches for an unbearably long time .
tr	PRES	* * * Eric and Joshua snuck down to my bedroom in the middle of the night , which I was grateful for .
tr	PRES	" Nellie Michelle , are you ok darling ? "
tr	PRES	He pul ed away from me and I could almost feel his gaze sweeping over my face , burning through my skin to reach my soul .
tr	PRES	Jen ticks back a notch .
tr	PRES	She wishes she could see the sun .
tr	PRES	He 's breathing hard and so am I. Watching me closely , Sean reaches for the button on my jeans .
tr	PAST	I stifled a groan .
tr	PRES	As soon as he 'd used her camera he whipped a mobile phone out of his shirt pocket and clicked off another shot of them .
tr	PRES	Mr Miller snorts derisively .
tr	PRES	Each PC additionally gains 2,000 xp for completing this adventure .
tr	PRES	Rian tries to give me some space but it doesn 't work out too well .
tr	PAST	Jeremy joked with him and Jonathan lightly punched him in his arm as they both chuckled .
tr	PRES	There was a bowl filled with paper matches advertising LaSalle Business School by the cash register .
tr	PRES	" Put a call into Connor 's office , like we talked about , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Julia Bell . "
tr	PRES	He sports thick eyebrows , curly black hair , and impossibly bloodshot eyes .
tr	PAST	I stiffened as a cold hand touched my arm .
tr	PAST	" Got you some new clothes , " announced Dmitri , throwing a few bags at John .
tr	PAST	Then he swiped his hand in the air dismissively .
tr	PAST	It shudders twice before life is finally extinguished .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes just thinking about sweet little Tessa sitting in her butterfly bedroom while her mom cried downstairs in pain after being hit .
tr	PAST	Then he inched onto the narrow ledge .
tr	PRES	" I adore presents .
tr	PAST	Barks Bjorn , spinning on Hagar .
tr	PRES	" An oracle sees into the past and the possibility in the future , but it 's not set in stone .
tr	PRES	" Is Blythe an attractive woman ? "
tr	PAST	Daniel , at her head height when he stood two stairs down , quickly hooked the clasps together .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in horror .
tr	PAST	But my husband 's sensed her awake and went to go get his daughter .
tr	PRES	" No , Mrs. Fuller , I mean , Annie .
tr	PRES	The bathroom door opens and Lila walks out cringing .
tr	PAST	I thanked her and took the form over to a nearby table .
tr	PRES	" I 'm warning you , Elle .
tr	PAST	She then inhaled in surprise , seeing Pierce behind him .
tr	PAST	Didn 't know how Ned had remained upright for so long , either .
tr	PRES	The Thai waitress pushes the chair in as I sit down , and whipping a napkin open , lays it expertly across my lap .
tr	PRES	Our vehicle glides to a halt in front of what looks like an old warehouse .
tr	PRES	Neither one of them offers a reasonable likelihood of undisturbed occupation for the full duration of the operation . "
tr	PRES	" No , " Edward crooned , his voice seductive .
tr	PRES	I straddle the saddle with ease in my split skirt while cradling my arms around his chest .
tr	PRES	Sherry wraps her arms around his neck and they hold onto one another and cry .
tr	PAST	Both women hauled out their favorite recipes , Doris from her New England cookbook and Marie more from memories of her Mexican heritage .
tr	PAST	She slapped my shoulder .
tr	PRES	Pretending it doesn 't exist allows for a light conscience . "
tr	PRES	March signals with a resigned gesture .
tr	PAST	Duty , as always , prevented horror .
tr	PRES	He leaned forward , his forearms resting on his thighs .
tr	PAST	As much as that thought nauseated me , I willed myself to stand up and walk to the door .
tr	PRES	" What project ? "
tr	PAST	" Oh , I don 't want him expressing his appreciation , " Violet exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Raziel eyed me carefully , " That 's because you 're afraid . "
tr	PAST	Still , Roland regarded the room as suspect , as though perhaps there were magical ears within the walls .
tr	PAST	They extended out to the edge of the light , to the darkness .
tr	PAST	At the cliff 's edge , he flung out the hook until it bit into wood .
tr	PAST	" Damn , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	Marguerite cocked her head .
tr	PRES	Good day to you , Your Highness . "
tr	PRES	Can you wiggle them for me ? "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , until O starts taking it up the ass , they 're not as alike as you think , " Owen mumbled from behind them .
tr	PRES	She snuck a peek after a moment , tipping her head up slightly so her blue eyes met his .
tr	PRES	The door to the bathroom opens and we both stare at Rachel .
tr	PAST	Joe motioned to for him to get into the car .
tr	PAST	I prayed they 'd listen and that we 'd cover enough distance before Eddie realized I 'd lied to him and walked right back into danger .
tr	PAST	" And they became The Hunters , " she stated flatly .
tr	PAST	At the other end Amy 's eager grin spurred them on .
tr	PAST	He trusted her more than he had ever trusted anyone else in all of his considerable years of life .
tr	PAST	Pendleton pretended to consider the suggestion as he sipped his drink again .
tr	PRES	Sullivan 's voice , sounding very young and fierce when not attached to his body : " Didn 't know if I 'd have to . "
tr	PAST	" He 's awake , " Zinnia announced , not bothering to hide her disdain for me .
tr	PRES	" Me , too , bro .
tr	PRES	Fox frowns and points to the suit in the container .
tr	PRES	" Grave danger lies in wait here . "
tr	PRES	And his American accent .
tr	PAST	Samantha hopped from the table , ignoring the slight tremor in her hand .
tr	PRES	A thought suddenly strikes me .
tr	PAST	So I thanked them for considering me and I quit .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be right back , " he announced and hopped out before either could protest .
tr	PRES	He dreaded that - but simply driving through Fel 's Church was so horrible it glued his tongue to the top of his mouth .
tr	PAST	Deb exclaimed when I plunked down into the seat she and Bri had saved for me , the last person onto the bus .
tr	PRES	So , he for sure likes her , then .
tr	PAST	Alyosha willed himself back in his room , and he reappeared .
tr	PRES	Drew drums his fingers on the chair 's arm , then takes my hand and studies my peach nails .
tr	PRES	" Now your death begins . "
tr	PRES	" That smart-ass remark about her trusting you more than him was enough reason for him to toss you out the door . "
tr	PRES	" Only if I win , " I clarify .
tr	PAST	" Yes , sir , we sure do , " I volunteered .
tr	PRES	She deserves that . "
tr	PAST	she shrieked , whirling on him .
tr	PAST	An endless depth of blue churned with emotion and demanded his truth .
tr	PRES	I lean back against the wall , my eyes opening .
tr	PAST	Kya extended a glass toward him and he accepted it .
tr	PAST	The chore required four trips in all with the dolly piled high .
tr	PRES	Then nausea strikes , clamping onto my gut .
tr	PRES	She pushes me off her as soon as my lips touch hers .
tr	PAST	When I couldn 't reach Raja , I hacked the security cameras on the street .
tr	PAST	A throat clearing intruded on her thoughts , startling her .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	A huge bear barreled through the knots of fighting Felines , scattering them left and right , the ruff on his neck expanding with his anger .
tr	PAST	The Flame spurred his horse back through the portcullis .
tr	PAST	" I just didn 't want to leave , " she reiterated .
tr	PAST	" Trust me hun , my mom typically cooks for an army so you 'll be moaning from eating too much within a few hours . "
tr	PRES	I smiled at him weakly , Sidney 's words ringing in my ears .
tr	PAST	Beth refrained from commenting and instead accepted the bundle the TED proffered .
tr	PRES	The buffer potential of this storage unit here scattered those pulses through the system .
tr	PRES	She talks rapidly into my left eardrum , walking .
tr	PAST	Next to him , a blue line glowed on the wall .
tr	PAST	She shrieked and snatched the covers to her neck .
tr	PAST	My body tensed when I heard his voice and I hoped that Conrad did not feel that .
tr	PAST	Too damn complicated . "
tr	PAST	A figure suddenly dove in front of him , obscuring my view and breaking the trance .
tr	PAST	When she held out her hand once more , he braced for her touch , intending to be ready this time .
tr	PAST	She scrolled through my phone .
tr	PRES	" What about the mole ? "
tr	PRES	Such pure and special lies . "
tr	PAST	Leaning back , I freed myself from his mouth .
tr	PRES	Golden streamers light the waves .
tr	PRES	" Oh , that was nice of him , " Allison comments , picking up her own plate .
tr	PRES	So I snuck out and went over to his place .
tr	PRES	He talks about you all the time . "
tr	PAST	Just then , a sputtering truck crawled up to them .
tr	PRES	My grandmother loves me and wishes she could take care of me forever , but she 's most likely gone now .
tr	PRES	" Not as pretty as you are , Princess . "
tr	PAST	Lars fidgeted even more than I did but he stayed alert .
tr	PRES	He downs the whisky in one .
tr	PRES	Then a terrifying thought strikes me .
tr	PRES	She remains stable , " Vladimir said , as though he was speaking about the weather .
tr	PRES	The picture of the bloody , dying maiden fills Serena 's mind .
tr	PRES	My wife always cooks too much . "
tr	PRES	Alec chuckles as he steps inside and lets the door shut behind him .
tr	PRES	She stands staring into his deep brown eyes .
tr	PRES	You freaked me out . "
tr	PAST	The Void proved it to be so . "
tr	PAST	" I thought those monsters had gotten it , " he exclaimed .
tr	PAST	With a final roar I shattered the heated links in a flurry of shrapnel and molten metal .
tr	PAST	You handled yourself like a true professional .
tr	PRES	I murmur , walking over .
tr	PAST	Adrenaline charged through her as she heaved the window up and screamed .
tr	PRES	Better than he should be , probably , " he mutters darkly .
tr	PAST	" That 's beside the point , " Aphrodite announced , squaring her thin shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Simone likes it when I dress her up . "
tr	PAST	I fled the room , forcing myself not to look back .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Grace , " she teased , toying with a strand of her blond hair .
tr	PAST	His calm voice , in no way reflected the inner turmoil .
tr	PRES	" Mm hmm , well if it helps I 've wanted to kiss you since I first met you . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , my Lord , " she teased .
tr	PRES	I chew on my lip .
tr	PRES	I crack myself up sometimes it amazes me .
tr	PAST	* * * " I saw Ashe get in a van with Trace and three others , " Philip reported to Luanne .
tr	PAST	the cop sporting a buzz cut , a mastiff sneer , and a pair of handcuffs boomed as soon as the door was open .
tr	PAST	Baby Julian shrieked happily when he saw his big brother and sister .
tr	PAST	" Now ... " Settling in an armchair , Elliot finally turns to me .
tr	PRES	" Jules , " I yell .
tr	PAST	Marcus grunted and gestured at himself .
tr	PAST	Myles groped for some other way to track Eugene Ryder .
tr	PAST	The driver abandoned the car , all tires flat , and the black man ran to Simon , helping him up .
tr	PRES	Says how Cooper 's a good guy who really cares about me and stuff .
tr	PRES	" Holy cow ! "
tr	PAST	He extended an all-encompassing hand into the air around them .
tr	PAST	His eyes squinted to improve the distant sight .
tr	PRES	The smile glides from my face .
tr	PRES	She hated lies , and what Madison was asking her to do would involve a whole lot of that .
tr	PAST	The engine rumbled grumpily as it turned over and finally started .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and stood up , waving his tail .
tr	PAST	Nick scooted around to the rear door that was usually reserved for deliveries .
tr	PRES	Next -- four years later -- as we celebrate our Confirmation and I stand on the stage with just seven others and sing .
tr	PRES	They surround the area like fire flies , holding their torches .
tr	PRES	We discover that we both love lasagna , watching stand -- up comedy and reading .
tr	PRES	What remains is if she knows and if we can stop her ?
tr	PAST	Fading rays from the sun reflected from slate roof tiles .
tr	PAST	Chapter 4 Kira awoke with her heart pounding , her arms lashing out against an attacker who wasn 't there .
tr	PRES	She glares at me , daring me to deny it .
tr	PAST	Harriet stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	He opens the fridge and steals a beer .
tr	PAST	His forked tongue flicked out .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	When she gained the hallway and closed the door behind her , Eve exhaled her pent-up breath with relief .
tr	PAST	I announced my presence and the shark actually welcomed me .
tr	PAST	Before I could continue the conversation , my phone vibrated in my pocket .
tr	PRES	Even if you were discreet , I assume you used Alchemist resources to find me ? "
tr	PAST	she slapped her thigh .
tr	PAST	Ashe 's body glowed with power and Opal disappeared .
tr	PAST	He practically vibrated with suppressed energy .
tr	PAST	Ashe elbowed Marco as Marco took a seat at the kitchen island and snagged a large slice of pizza .
tr	PRES	" Mmmm , hum , mmmm , " her voice surrounded everything like the air one breaths .
tr	PAST	but Grant received no answer to that .
tr	PRES	I crave this moment just as much as the pain that will follow .
tr	PRES	Colt kills the other as he climbs into the classroom .
tr	PAST	" I like it , " Shine Royce chimed in .
tr	PAST	I unzipped the bag and started pulling out my belongings in the hope that unpacking might make me feel a little at home .
tr	PAST	He balled his hands into fists .
tr	PRES	Tad rattles his paper .
tr	PRES	The southeastern entrance holds the only route to the House of Cards .
tr	PAST	In a swift movement that I didn 't see , he jabbed the dagger straight to Scar 's stomach .
tr	PRES	" Okay , Daddy , " Miranda mumbled without even looking away from the screen .
tr	PAST	She emerged from her office up the corridor ahead of him , pulling her lab coat back on over her uniform .
tr	PAST	" Now gather the grunts and line 'em up , " he instructed while walking back to his firing range .
tr	PRES	Tess immediately stops talking .
tr	PRES	" Attempt making self visible on your wave . "
tr	PRES	Spiritual and religious terminology describes a science that man does not yet understand .
tr	PRES	I plays like I be unawares so they stick to their plan an ' not attack all at once .
tr	PAST	The demons froze in place , most quaking , but none leaving .
tr	PAST	Even with her normal hair color , I doubted anyone would 've recognized her .
tr	PAST	Simon plunged into the woods without hesitation .
tr	PRES	Brown water drips from the cement ceiling and pools onto my forehead .
tr	PAST	Has anyone with the avian flu virus received the NIL , and , if so , has it been effective ? "
tr	PAST	She cringed at the begging tone of voice she used .
tr	PRES	A world that 's like ours but different , that exists alongside ours , but never touches it . " "
tr	PAST	Well , the whole thing just generated a very odd reaction inside her , one that felt strangely like ... happiness ?
tr	PAST	At his side , Umar tensed .
tr	PRES	At this point , condensation occurs .
tr	PRES	His biceps bulge with the effort , but otherwise it 's easy peasy for him to haul his big body up there .
tr	PAST	He sped through the night , his only thought of getting to her before she was harmed .
tr	PRES	She shone the flashlight through the little window in the door .
tr	PRES	Placing the pancakes on the counter , Andrew enters .
tr	PRES	" Oh , he loves it .
tr	PRES	When she spoke , she beamed .
tr	PRES	" Unfortunately , everyone wanted them together , " mutters Lorena , a guilty tone to her voice .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	He opens the car door for me , and I gingerly sit down .
tr	PAST	Everyone find a partner , " Madame Dabney instructed .
tr	PAST	My body tensed around him , and he held me tighter .
tr	PRES	No sooner had Rio parked the SUV did he and Niko both jump out to pull their mates into relieved , unhurried embraces .
tr	PRES	Mom 's eyes flit between me and Dad .
tr	PAST	The dragon stuffed his muzzle into the brush , trying to find its prey .
tr	PRES	" Does it ... , " I smiled again , " affect the baby ? "
tr	PAST	He groped for an explanation the monster would understand .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , lungs burning .
tr	PAST	He sobbed in pain .
tr	PAST	She crawled out of the car , peed in the bushes and then started back down the mountain road to the next town .
tr	PAST	She feared what might happen when His Majesty realized Yves could not help him to live forever .
tr	PRES	On average , he brings at least seventy percent of his force back with him , and that in itself deserves respect . "
tr	PAST	He absorbed the quiet , the solitude , the darkness .
tr	PRES	She crawls back into bed and turns onto her side facing away from the bathroom and hallway .
tr	PRES	" It 's almost as if you 're knitting armor , " she teased .
tr	PRES	' And you still forgive , ' says the volcano , atop his chariot of horses , ' where forgiveness is not warranted . '
tr	PRES	" You belong with me .
tr	PAST	The trench that replaced the tunnel extended 250 feet up to daylight .
tr	PRES	Hell hath no fury , brother . "
tr	PRES	" Ah , welcome , Lordship .
tr	PAST	Once the flight levelled at 48000 feet , an air hostess served them refreshments and a selection of nibbles .
tr	PRES	Please , " he begged .
tr	PAST	We smashed our hands together , and an explosion of awareness rushed through all of us .
tr	PAST	Archer crouched down next to me and reached into his pocket .
tr	PRES	And then the first droplet falls .
tr	PRES	" Just a couple minutes , " Blake whispers back , looking at his chronometer settings .
tr	PAST	A haze of rain arose softly from beneath , or was it mist falling off the sea ?
tr	PAST	Ancient fingers with a grip like steel clutched at him , hoisting him onwards .
tr	PRES	That familiar lightheadedness strikes me and I weaken .
tr	PRES	" With what , Lexi ?
tr	PAST	" I deluded myself into believing I could change you . "
tr	PAST	She faked down and to the left and then came back up to hit a man in the head with the flat of her blade .
tr	PRES	Said you loved him , begged him to be with you , to stay with you .
tr	PAST	He then floated around the hatch and entered the room .
tr	PRES	Skye 's mouth opens so wide that I fear her jaw might come unhinged .
tr	PRES	I assume he 's already behind bars . "
tr	PAST	Once again she sensed the tendrils of the Web around her , seeing its glowing fibres crisscrossing the night air out of the corner of her vision .
tr	PAST	8 Colton awoke to the sound of screaming .
tr	PRES	" Oh , just wait , Babe .
tr	PRES	He deserves a moment .
tr	PRES	Their body armour shone under the brightly lit hall .
tr	PRES	" No , Sam explains the bath basket .
tr	PAST	He feared losing her much , much more .
tr	PRES	But now everyone falls silent .
tr	PAST	The other seized Dori in his claws and flew away with him into the night leaving Bilbo all alone .
tr	PRES	SIX MONTHS LATER " Push ... Come on push ! "
tr	PRES	I punch him in the arm , harder than I planned .
tr	PAST	His mouth sought and found hers and he kissed her into submission while his hand worked its magic on her body , destroying her will to argue .
tr	PAST	Fletch adjusted the tilt of his Stetson .
tr	PRES	Unable to return the gesture , Serena stares with wide eyes .
tr	PAST	The underling shrank back completely , sneaked up to the boss and quietly whispered : " We have some super-secret material .
tr	PRES	" Master , " Juni murmurs , nodding sharply at me .
tr	PAST	" Fine , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Ketchup 's arm wraps around my shoulders and pulls me against his chest .
tr	PRES	These woods are not like the forests you hike around in Missouri .
tr	PRES	I don 't like the people in the nightclubs , they scare me when they eat the sweets .
tr	PRES	He blocks my view of Brian .
tr	PAST	The C-17 taxied to a stop , parking beside a line of other planes , engines whining , silencing .
tr	PRES	Shelton stares at her .
tr	PRES	To desire something so bad that it consumes your thoughts ?
tr	PAST	" Computer , " Aaron stated .
tr	PRES	Slowly he holds his hands up in front of his face .
tr	PAST	The sweet smell of blood assaulted Kylie before she saw the ghost had donned her bloody gown again .
tr	PRES	Her attention snaps to Lucy .
tr	PRES	Don 't you ever threaten her . "
tr	PAST	Grey clouds lingered refusing to give way to the brilliant blue underneath it .
tr	PAST	Since most of the windows were down except one of the back passenger windows , none shattered but that one and the windshield .
tr	PAST	Compromise claimed too high a price for the mere privilege of breathing air turned foul .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a breath - one I didn 't realize I 'd been holding .
tr	PRES	He downs a shot and stands up .
tr	PAST	Guy named Paulie Cermak .
tr	PRES	Nine corpses , instead of the required eleven .
tr	PAST	I clung to the tree , I vomited at its foot , I worshipped that tree , and never was I so destitute .
tr	PAST	The ground beneath the force field caved a bit .
tr	PAST	Piers cocked his head to the left as they reached the crossroad of corridors .
tr	PRES	She sees the line of dark blue one-piece uniforms with varied sizes .
tr	PAST	Brianna squealed at getting a card with double red squares .
tr	PRES	He glances in my eyes for a second , then shuts his He glances in my eyes for a second , then shuts his own .
tr	PRES	My father never forgave her for her actions and their marriage went sour from there .
tr	PAST	I squinted but couldn 't make out the detail from here .
tr	PRES	" Well , just humor us then , ok ?
tr	PAST	I clutched my iced coffee , the condensation from the glass mingling with my suddenly sweaty palms .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over .
tr	PRES	" How dare you show your defiled face here again , Xavier .
tr	PRES	Her body begins to tremble .
tr	PRES	Then she stops , confused .
tr	PAST	She eyed the fireball in his hand , and he allowed it to shrink and puff out .
tr	PRES	Oh , no , please don 't , " I begged her .
tr	PAST	I slowly scooted along the floor , but Vincent slammed a hand against the crate next to my head that arrested my escape .
tr	PRES	In any regard . "
tr	PAST	He inhaled and rubbed his hand across the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	Especially when she heard a car turn in at the drive and her heart leaped into her throat at the thought that it was probably him .
tr	PAST	From this miniature , trickling spring the beam bounced to a sculpted vase eternally pouring water into a basin .
tr	PAST	She acted like she had amnesia or was brainwashed or something .
tr	PRES	Fox sees the hesitation in my walk so he says , " Whoa , move along now .
tr	PAST	He willed it to me , as I will leave it to you . "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 24 IT amused Rio to see Grace so befuddled over his claim .
tr	PRES	My bottom lip begins to quiver , and I squeeze my eyes shut , refusing to look at myself any longer .
tr	PAST	While conducting his researches , Nilo sensed the presence of these and other totalitarian thinkers standing by his side -- Mussolini , Stalin , Che Guevara .
tr	PRES	The orange light of the hive 's main entrance shone more brightly as she got closer .
tr	PRES	And a scary one .
tr	PRES	" But the young woman , Lea .
tr	PRES	" Human , " the Mog hisses .
tr	PAST	Gray eyed him and wisely offered no other comment .
tr	PAST	As he watched the creature melted from one strange form into another and as it did shadowy strands of energy swirled around it .
tr	PRES	As a dozen workmen haul the last of the tent poles to a nearby truck , the supervisor approaches me with a clipboard and a pen .
tr	PRES	" Sean ... " " Do I make you nervous , Melinda ? "
tr	PRES	Somehow she easily evaded his first attack and went on the offense within that second .
tr	PRES	Realm murmurs for her to be quick about it , and Dallas sneers , keeping her body turned away from him .
tr	PAST	The moment he worked two fingers inside me , I shattered .
tr	PAST	Several sodium lamps glowed at the opposite side of the room .
tr	PAST	" You phoned ? "
tr	PAST	Under those circumstances , Addy almost preferred no communication .
tr	PRES	" And recall Nero 's people . "
tr	PAST	" Deluxe , with extra cheese , " he announced .
tr	PRES	You no longer exist for him .
tr	PRES	Erin tries to get everyone talking by asking what each of us is thankful for .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Portman finally stops her lesson as she looks on with a pained expression .
tr	PAST	I eyed the jeans cautiously .
tr	PAST	Black Belt tensed her body and her fists clenched tightly .
tr	PRES	" If I get injured , " Ziggy said , " my body suffers the damage , but he feels the pain . "
tr	PAST	Sam presses me against the wall and hitches one of my legs around his hip .
tr	PAST	An image of her rolling over and greeting him with a kiss each morning tickled his imagination .
tr	PAST	" Bastard , " Mason fumed .
tr	PRES	" A most stubborn monk ... who is NOT an elf ! "
tr	PRES	He stands and grins .
tr	PRES	It falls to the other side of her .
tr	PAST	Once they reached their destination , Fury slowed to a canter .
tr	PRES	Disaster nearly strikes when she finds herself in Kalgoorlie and boards a train bound for Port Pirie .
tr	PRES	This helps the diner , and I 'm sure Josie will have a crowd at the Spirits and Spurs tonight .
tr	PAST	Roman and I exclaimed in unison .
tr	PAST	That envelope I gave you was most of her engagement ring . "
tr	PRES	Peter dreaded the moment she finally packed it in .
tr	PAST	She hastily crawled into the cage of one of the larger trees on the embankment .
tr	PAST	During Beauty and the Beast , in the final act , Porsche , alone backstage , collapsed , her heart giving out .
tr	PRES	" Lowell loved it , " he announces , pulling me to him and punctuating each sentence with a kiss .
tr	PRES	Stick slams his fist into my eye and pain explodes through my skull .
tr	PRES	Why come here , " he motioned toward Thon 's attire , " armed and disguised , just to leave me alone . "
tr	PRES	Stick with black , it matches your heart . "
tr	PRES	" Well , as you said yourself the interest begins at a young age , so having now learned that , no I 'm not surprised .
tr	PRES	It creaks open , but all I hear is : " No , no , no - " BOOM !
tr	PRES	As we rise , it rises with us .
tr	PRES	The ice in his tone matches the cold feeling in my stomach .
tr	PRES	Mr. White suspects we will face some stiff opposition .
tr	PAST	Ash 's breath slowed and weighed him to the ground .
tr	PRES	Then he sighs and studies his broken hand .
tr	PRES	' But rest fails me while I yet stand here in ignorance .
tr	PRES	Burning boards , splinters , nails , and shingles sprayed in the air , flying around a man in black .
tr	PAST	And they crawled , for the roof was low , and it turned many times without notice .
tr	PAST	Peter stormed over to him and demanded the film from his camera .
tr	PRES	Moore joins Jon just around the corner of the building so they can have a word in private .
tr	PAST	It shattered into pieces , the glass flying everywhere .
tr	PAST	Pulling it out , she stiffened slightly at the sight of the mysterious identity report Todd received the week before .
tr	PRES	" At the Blue Horse the other night . "
tr	PRES	My instincts flare up , and instead of joining them , I hurry over to a nearby stack of crates and crouch in the shadows .
tr	PRES	' Look , my son , ' the holy man said hurriedly , ' what exactly is it you want ?
tr	PAST	Struck with an idea , Sara slapped her arm hard , and bit her tongue , ignoring the sting .
tr	PRES	I 'm calling in my chips , " Jason states evenly .
tr	PRES	Sean slowly approaches Corr , speaking in the same low voice all the way .
tr	PRES	He holds up the ring and key still nestled in his palm .
tr	PAST	During World War II he served in the Naval Medical Corps .
tr	PAST	You guys proved that at the last race . "
tr	PRES	I relax , shielding my eyes from the glare .
tr	PAST	Focusing on his daughter beside him , Bale instructed , ' Are you listening to this Nova ? '
tr	PRES	" And who kills her ? "
tr	PRES	She disconnected the call and handed the phone to Soren .
tr	PAST	As much as I hated to admit it , her final words bothered me .
tr	PAST	Kristen pretended not to hear , but she did and I could tell she was offended . "
tr	PRES	" He loves to tell this story . "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	The other one leaped onto Levi , got his arm around Levi 's neck , and held something against it .
tr	PRES	" But we assume that the one who views the data is continuous ... low of consciousness .
tr	PAST	Brynn supported him , worked alongside him , and he tried to draw her closer while still giving her room to heal .
tr	PAST	Written announcements scrolled across thin air above the entrance .
tr	PRES	Du n no what could be living down there , but that 's probably where you 'll find your beastie . "
tr	PRES	I " ve nothing to blame but my own foolishness .
tr	PRES	The moment he tries to write about wider issues or themes , he loses his touch and it comes out sounding false .
tr	PRES	The door to the garage squeaks open , and my heart speeds up in anticipation .
tr	PRES	" Sasha ... Sasha ... " When Tucker was two strides away , the man had had enough and reached into his jacket .
tr	PAST	Her mother rinsed her coffee cup and placed it in the sink .
tr	PAST	Bella just wagged her tail .
tr	PAST	Gretchen stuffed her purse with the contents of Nacho 's notebook , slipping the picture of the French fashion doll into her wallet .
tr	PRES	Instead , I say , " He carries a lock of my hair entwined with his in the hilt of his sword .
tr	PRES	" Or wing women . "
tr	PAST	I clipped your wings instead of helping you learn how to fly again . "
tr	PRES	" You 're frowning , lass .
tr	PRES	" Andrea , can you help him , lass ? "
tr	PAST	" Until someone wagged a big paycheck in front of him , no doubt . "
tr	PRES	Yes , my mind points out .
tr	PRES	I file the fragment of memory in my mind as I listen to the sound of Doyle 's breathing beside me .
tr	PAST	" This is it , " announced John .
tr	PAST	Rowdy applause split the air near the bar .
tr	PAST	' Time to be brilliant ... again , ' I joked quietly , trying to summon up my courage .
tr	PAST	When Spider finished singing , people cheered .
tr	PAST	When he only laughed at her , she stomped away muttering to herself .
tr	PAST	He jolted back , absorbing the recoil .
tr	PAST	Charles bounced from side to side .
tr	PRES	She opens the door and peeks out , and in a meek voice she says , " You do ? "
tr	PAST	I willed myself to stand still .
tr	PAST	She swiped at her smart watch to accept the call .
tr	PRES	I slice off two thick pieces , offering one to the Ringer .
tr	PAST	" No , " Sal grunted .
tr	PRES	When you formally join the organization here , the previous scheme of your life span no longer applies . "
tr	PRES	Noah slams the door and whips me around , pushing me against it as his body claims mine .
tr	PRES	While he analyzes , she steps back a little , lets her hands fall to her sides .
tr	PAST	Something hot sped past my ear .
tr	PAST	Daniel exhaled long and loud .
tr	PRES	She likes me and we are meant to be .
tr	PRES	As she leans back to put her head on her pillow , she sees it .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and then I opened it and took a sip .
tr	PRES	It is why we are here , " Blade explains .
tr	PAST	Coop clasped his hand around the coffee mug .
tr	PRES	" I take it you didn 't sleep well , " Bree mumbled through a yawn .
tr	PRES	" We engage in politics because it is required of us .
tr	PAST	This acted as a pivot for the boat to come around and slap gently alongside the ship , bow pointing towards the bow .
tr	PAST	" I certainly enjoy the perks of our position , " announced Schell having a drink and taking in the private snug .
tr	PRES	The black circles at the center of her eyes expand and she starts to flush .
tr	PAST	I squinted down the Canyon , searching for the source of the noise .
tr	PRES	" Maybe public school where the kids don 't have so much money they stink of it . "
tr	PRES	The clockmaker falls back , nearly cowering .
tr	PRES	No hugs or arm taps .
tr	PAST	The name tickled his memory and then he realized why .
tr	PAST	The two assassins exited both sides of the viewing area to twin landings at the top of a double flight of stairs .
tr	PAST	His lashes shadowed them thickly , darkening the gold .
tr	PAST	" Allow me sir , " instructed Melrose and he easily fitted them on .
tr	PRES	He releases his grip on her and walks into the trees , hoping she will simply run away .
tr	PAST	She stifled a giggle .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I shouldn 't stay out long , either , " Aria mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Oh , well that explains things .
tr	PRES	Placing his arm around me , Andrew whispers .
tr	PAST	His conscience pricked him .
tr	PAST	Graham balled his hands on the table .
tr	PAST	She squinted at him .
tr	PRES	" The usual for Dakota , " I quickly correct .
tr	PAST	A box tipped from Stefan 's enormous pile as he started up the staircase , and Damon caught it easily despite the suitcases .
tr	PRES	We belong together now . "
tr	PAST	All twelve of us , just glare at her real hard and watch her unravel . "
tr	PAST	Her hands glowed with a light brighter than the orb still floating above us .
tr	PAST	' Did you , um ... did you knock out Tim and his friend ? '
tr	PAST	' The accident divided that Purpose , and what was once one became two .
tr	PAST	Merrill toyed with a letter opener at his desk .
tr	PAST	Those on the ground cheered .
tr	PRES	Marinara sauce with whole-wheat or gluten-free pasta .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , we 'll talk some more about that , " Principal Doherty , the old Health teacher , stated .
tr	PRES	It rises bit by bit until it finally sets above them .
tr	PRES	" So , ladies .
tr	PRES	A microphone falls and hangs in front of me from overhead .
tr	PRES	And look at all the carriages ! "
tr	PAST	' Sorry mum ; are you reading this ? '
tr	PAST	Lucas 's scowl deepened .
tr	PAST	The breath froze in my lungs , and the silence between us crackled for a long , delicious moment .
tr	PAST	" We were going for a hike , " Firth volunteered , rescuing him .
tr	PAST	I smacked his thigh , but he wouldn 't stop staring .
tr	PRES	" That nonsense about Sam .
tr	PRES	" So , my hypothesis that you followed me after I left the lab is correct ? "
tr	PRES	" Which explains their fear of anything made from silver .
tr	PAST	I trashed your cars , CBs and phones . "
tr	PRES	" When I drive that car the tires never squeal like that .
tr	PRES	She hates it when people call her Barbie .
tr	PAST	She giggled and then she sniffed .
tr	PAST	I sniffed out , rolling my eyes heavenward .
tr	PAST	She preferred it when they weren 't so busy and she could dedicate herself to one patient .
tr	PRES	' ' Walkers . "
tr	PRES	A secretary brings in coffee and they manage some strained small talk until the door is closed for good .
tr	PRES	Others repair clothing and patch tents .
tr	PAST	When he refused to give up his real name they appointed his chosen one on his insistence .
tr	PAST	Her yellowed fingertips flicked at the corner , making an annoying repetitive scratch , as if savoring the anticipation .
tr	PRES	" Oh , great , " Fiona mumbled .
tr	PAST	Several others also volunteered .
tr	PAST	All of them looking as terrified as he felt , running , all eyes riveted to their goal , now just a short distance away .
tr	PRES	" Because there are going to be Reapers there - Reapers that I can kill . "
tr	PAST	" I agree , " I mumbled , finding myself choked up and emotional .
tr	PAST	Kissing her forehead , he yawned before making his egress . "
tr	PAST	Zach giggled and helped her pull several more dresses off the rack .
tr	PAST	The crew abandoned their seats and eagerly shouted to people in the other vessels and on shore .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a growling breath that echoed in the room as he placed the cold , heavy blade to my neck .
tr	PRES	Pity fills my dad 's eyes .
tr	PRES	The long and windy path opens up revealing a baseball field on my right .
tr	PAST	I awoke around dawn and stood by one of the open balcony doors .
tr	PRES	She removes my remaining shoe and massages my feet .
tr	PRES	" Your power actually belongs to Mira .
tr	PRES	Our bare chests crash together as we continue to kiss underneath the hot water .
tr	PRES	It pays for my food .
tr	PRES	" What about privacy ? "
tr	PRES	Soon I will be done with this horrible vision , snap out of my Search , and everything will be okay .
tr	PAST	He dismissed the worry fast .
tr	PAST	" Funny again , " Ace droned and lowered his feet to the floor .
tr	PRES	She mumbled her agreement and forced herself away from him , trying not to look as staggered as she felt .
tr	PAST	Coming around the front , he hopped into the driver 's seat , started the engine and then grinned over at her .
tr	PRES	His nose touches my cheek , and he closes his eyes .
tr	PRES	But the temptation fades under the cover of reality .
tr	PAST	I received a text from him the next day .
tr	PRES	" Tony , man , you should have let me drive , " I shout over the blaring of the radio .
tr	PAST	He crouched low behind it and gestured for the others to follow .
tr	PRES	He stands at attention in the center of the chamber and stares straight ahead with an intensity that would make any Republic commander proud .
tr	PRES	' She loves staying with her . '
tr	PRES	An arm of the crucifix that hung over the church for generations reaches through the ruins , the bony hand of Jesus clutching at empty air .
tr	PAST	" Besides your stuffed animals . "
tr	PAST	Half an hour later , she emerged from the store carrying two large shopping bags .
tr	PAST	He froze and looked up at me .
tr	PRES	Duval stares down at the ring .
tr	PAST	the fishermen merrily predicted .
tr	PAST	I delayed my departure .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't your father teach you that ? "
tr	PAST	The distant rumble exploded into an earthen roar .
tr	PRES	Beneath his lowered lids they shone as bright as rubies in the dim light of the room .
tr	PAST	Relief washed across his face as the bright pink spots began to fade from Aunt Vi 's complexion and her mouth regained its usual appearance .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , the shifting powders produced a crude looking image of the United States .
tr	PAST	He clasped both of her hands in his .
tr	PRES	" You 've talked this over with Jamie , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	Head cocked a little further .
tr	PAST	Ice jabbed his finger toward Dale 's chest .
tr	PAST	Bhai 's stories arose from reality .
tr	PAST	Rocco wagged his tail stump at the promise of food .
tr	PRES	Isaiah 's engine roars again and the sound vibrates between the layers of my skin and muscle .
tr	PAST	Phil enquired when we arrived at the office .
tr	PAST	Anita and I weaved our way through the gyrating bodies , deftly avoiding keg cups , until we found an empty place we could dance unmolested .
tr	PRES	She holds it open , and I give her a wave of thanks as I keep walking and chatting to no one .
tr	PAST	They speculated on what might have happened .
tr	PRES	" The garage ! "
tr	PAST	" We launch in two days , people , " he announced .
tr	PRES	Her eyes bulge , but she nods and readies herself with a series of deep breaths .
tr	PRES	' Absolutely , ' beamed Tristram .
tr	PAST	Sarah sped up and flew around a corner and into the intersection .
tr	PRES	He hates touching you . "
tr	PRES	She stares at the ground for a moment .
tr	PRES	She stood there , leaning into him , her breathing ragged as she looked up into his eyes .
tr	PAST	Rubbing her wet hair , Meg stuffed the towel on the rack , put on her robe and slippers , and hurried over to Simon 's apartment .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the helicopter ?
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PRES	" That 's not my tattoo , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Humans ... and vampires . "
tr	PRES	Here , a refill for you . "
tr	PRES	Except it doesn 't belong to a child .
tr	PRES	" Yes , go and cry to daddy , so he buys you another pair of sunglasses . "
tr	PAST	Her smile lingered as she followed her son 's gaze .
tr	PRES	Landon puffs out his chest .
tr	PRES	She flicks a finger over to where Nevermore sits mid air .
tr	PAST	Sometimes they stomped their feet and shards of stone or clumps of dirt shot from beneath them .
tr	PAST	" The Amity established this place as a safe house .
tr	PRES	My leg curves around his hip .
tr	PAST	Mac arose early after having spent a fitful night trying to imagine what he might do to fix his enormous blunder with the dress .
tr	PAST	I slapped it away .
tr	PRES	Hex Hall shone under a fresh coat of paint , and the windows were repaired .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his hand .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , but his laughs turn into a groan a moment later when he thumps his forehead against the door beside me .
tr	PRES	" Definitely feisty . "
tr	PRES	He draws two needles of blood , putting each in a vial which one of the doctors connects to the plastic tubes .
tr	PRES	He holds up a finger as he taps the screen .
tr	PAST	" You faked it . "
tr	PRES	he presses , as our coworkers drink in the tense drama .
tr	PRES	Rachel joins us at the table , and sits across from Sophie .
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched for the cards , itched to snatch them up and see what might lie hidden inside their slickly painted surfaces .
tr	PRES	" Since you were so eager to open it a few days ago , I assume you opened the gift I gave you . "
tr	PRES	Killing a federal judge brings a lot of heat .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches as if to stroke my cheek but falls to his side .
tr	PAST	Danni cringed while the rest of the room buzzed with excitement .
tr	PAST	I uttered not a sound .
tr	PAST	Jumping up from the couch , she tugged at the belt of her blue silk robe and crossed the room with hesitant steps .
tr	PAST	When Dr. Taylor finally got him to speak , he described the killers as scary , white faced monsters with black eyes and unparalleled strength .
tr	PRES	Chapter 6 " Hey , sis !
tr	PAST	His mouth replaced his hand , a hot pulsing of fire that left her breathless , unable to scream , unable to breathe .
tr	PRES	It matches your pink gown .
tr	PAST	James reclined on the floor against a bean bag while Joni wrestled with the outdated piano .
tr	PRES	From Mary , Thomas , Peter , even Judas .
tr	PRES	" Don 't cry , Mama .
tr	PRES	" He likes me .
tr	PAST	I phoned as soon as I picked up your message .
tr	PAST	She crouched at its highest point , counting slowly in her head .
tr	PRES	Star opens her mouth to speak but stops when we all shift our awareness to the roar of engines , coming from the left and getting closer .
tr	PAST	He barged in , followed by his companion .
tr	PAST	My body glided through the leaves and dirt , making a strange rustling noise .
tr	PRES	We proceed on the morrow ? "
tr	PAST	' Of course , ' she beamed sweetly , though his treatment of Ryan had shocked her .
tr	PRES	So go fetch him . "
tr	PAST	I sped through the hallway and into the bathroom , locking the door behind me .
tr	PRES	Brand 's head snaps back and he stares at me in disbelief .
tr	PRES	" Oh , he loves you .
tr	PAST	I stripped off the tattered remains of my dress , then kicked off my shoes and headed for the shower .
tr	PAST	Isabelle fiddled with the label on the tequila bottle .
tr	PRES	But , as the sun rises over the city , my phone begins vibrating from my nightstand , forcing me to wake up .
tr	PRES	" Is there any trace evidence that might help us identify her attacker ? "
tr	PRES	After what seems like a thousand deep breaths , she finally relaxes against me .
tr	PRES	' Blood oath ! '
tr	PAST	It 's a God damn curse , " I sobbed , holding Derek as the police crept in on the scene .
tr	PAST	" Me , too , " Savannah lied .
tr	PAST	Jack 's ears pricked and he made a comforting sound .
tr	PAST	I served your father for too many years and my tongue has grown careless .
tr	PRES	Orion 's face fills the screen .
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the mail .
tr	PRES	She shone the light on him and saw that the dog was covered in blood .
tr	PRES	And I value our friendship more than you can imagine . "
tr	PRES	Normally , a wolf biting a human causes a human to turn wolf .
tr	PAST	Parker had never skipped a class before .
tr	PRES	" We achieve sexual release . "
tr	PRES	" We 'd better never get into a huge fight , " she teased .
tr	PRES	A look of question pops on his face .
tr	PAST	My scars revealed my past , and the only way I controlled that night was to keep it hidden .
tr	PAST	She dove inward and pictured Rachel .
tr	PAST	He acted like he was going to tickle her .
tr	PAST	Painter pinched his brows , thinking back ; then he remembered .
tr	PRES	She belongs to me .
tr	PAST	" It 's not going to be red , " she stated emphatically .
tr	PRES	He approaches the person in the dream , and hits them with the object hard enough to cause the person to wake up in pain .
tr	PRES	Blinking slowly , he said , " Kiss me . "
tr	PAST	" My poor fellow , " he exclaimed in concern .
tr	PAST	She smacked Ghost on the arm and looked at her friend .
tr	PRES	In the year 2066 , all academic classes occur within the home family environment under loving parental supervision starting at the age of four .
tr	PAST	The fairy godmother thanked the bears and the frog and turned the little girl into a wasp .
tr	PRES	" Holy cow ! "
tr	PRES	" Now I wish I had brought a flashlight , " Bryan mumbled .
tr	PAST	The sort of music Love preferred to listen to if and when he ever found the time .
tr	PRES	The dress fits perfectly , as well it should , since I 've had it on and off a dozen times adjusting the fit .
tr	PRES	I ditch one brother when class starts and pick up another when class ends .
tr	PRES	Zane moved closer , his eyes rapt on Ty 's .
tr	PAST	Without thought , Rand seized it , and in doing so was overwhelmed with those emotions he thought he 'd abandoned .
tr	PAST	Skyler reluctantly withdrew her hand and with Francesca 's aid managed to sit up .
tr	PRES	I add , " I 'm the only one who knows about Zack though .
tr	PAST	Like humans , Sent Ones battled the desires of the flesh .
tr	PRES	My Daddy holds the spoon .
tr	PAST	While Aine had astonished her , so much beauty and grace , Darling tugged her heart with her simple , unabashed devotion .
tr	PAST	" He 's not all that bad , " she lied .
tr	PRES	" Oh , that was the first plan , " Maddie explains .
tr	PAST	Maddie plopped down beside him , leaning in and jabbering away .
tr	PRES	" I confess that I do not know , Ernest . "
tr	PRES	Relief causes a shudder to move through me .
tr	PAST	Daniel spun him around , his fist balled ready for a punch , when an explosion ripped through the office .
tr	PAST	Every cell in her body relayed that message .
tr	PRES	" Cousin , I rejoice at the reconciliation of France with Rome .
tr	PRES	Rex barely glances up from the road .
tr	PAST	She motioned dramatically and wagged her eyebrows before grabbing the knob and pulling open the door .
tr	PAST	She chanced a surreptitious look at her ex-husband as they sipped their beverages in silence .
tr	PAST	That idea shattered to pieces as Jess saw more stars than she 'd ever seen in her life .
tr	PAST	The architecture of the bridge created patterns to the pylons as they were bound together across the lake .
tr	PAST	Pictures of the knife now outstretched in my hand .
tr	PAST	The voices claimed her , soft and persuasive , voices whispering of danger and tactics .
tr	PAST	" Use the servants ' corridors , " the soldier instructed the guards .
tr	PAST	A boy screaming in agony as two others tormented him with knives .
tr	PRES	He yawns , stretches and drags himself into a sitting position , running a hand through his messy brown hair .
tr	PAST	Her fingers hooked onto Hugh 's vest , gripped , hauled .
tr	PAST	The first group of goblins fled .
tr	PAST	A crooked grin tugged at his lips as he leaned over so I could wipe his neck clean .
tr	PRES	He whispers , his breathe tickling my ear .
tr	PRES	A feeble light shone through the doorway , casting his shadow on the opposite wall .
tr	PAST	I treated them to drinks if they 'd save seats for me .
tr	PAST	Curiosity perked when he saw that it was his office number .
tr	PRES	" The engagement ? "
tr	PRES	Sunlight crawls up my knees and flows across my hands .
tr	PRES	Garcia is at my mother 's apartment , he mumbled to himself .
tr	PRES	' Turns up at this time of year .
tr	PRES	" Caught ' im out ! "
tr	PAST	He muffled his answering growl against her neck , sending the vibration straight down her spine .
tr	PAST	Roy tipped back his own chair .
tr	PRES	' But there 's nae creatures , ye ken .
tr	PRES	She opens the coat closet .
tr	PRES	In a silky-smooth move that would have filled Catcher with pride , I whipped a hand around and slid the dagger from its sheath .
tr	PRES	Eva stands and bows to me with every bit of respect .
tr	PAST	A clap of thunder rumbled , and he shoved my shoulder .
tr	PRES	The smell of food cooking begins to make their stomachs growl .
tr	PAST	Then I destroyed them .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Maxie .
tr	PRES	A carriage hauled by two pawing black horses , enters rattling .
tr	PRES	" Bullshit , " I snap , taking a step toward him .
tr	PAST	The others quieted down and bowed their heads as Brother Andrew 's voice took on a fervent , almost sing-song tone .
tr	PRES	Two dogs bark as I run close to a chained link fence .
tr	PRES	He considers what I said as he flips the blinker on to change lanes .
tr	PAST	I 'm mad at her , " she stated simply .
tr	PAST	A wave caressed the back of Thomas 's hair , as though reaching for him , but he raced by far too fast .
tr	PAST	" No , " I mumbled truthfully and a lone tear fell slowly down my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Apparently your father remembers things differently from the way I do . "
tr	PAST	The island under the sea was for the Voodoo spirits and the souls they claimed while on earth .
tr	PAST	She propped her chin on her hands and fluttered her eyelids .
tr	PAST	" You received a journal that belonged to your late husband , did you not ? "
tr	PAST	I instantly tensed up at this comment and I felt my guard go up .
tr	PRES	The dangerous game causes another to lose his life to the voracious hoard .
tr	PRES	Doug blocks a hit and then manages to slide out , crawling forward in the sand .
tr	PRES	It points to an Above .
tr	PRES	" You might have been killed , you idiot !
tr	PRES	All that she was disappears into nothing .
tr	PRES	" Wilder , " she whispers , and I smother a groan against her hand .
tr	PRES	Dove stands half in and half out of the lean-to and picks at her hay .
tr	PAST	They conducted a meeting first , about the group 's organizational matters .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , everyone fails that test .
tr	PRES	According to the search I did , it belongs to a Mike Alves . "
tr	PRES	A wave of nausea ripples through me .
tr	PRES	The beating of a military helicopter out of the west bears down on them , hovering .
tr	PAST	" Stella ... " Sunday giggled .
tr	PRES	He lies sideways next to me , propping himself up on his elbow .
tr	PAST	" Wonder if some of them are still having a Big Mac attack , " I joked .
tr	PRES	A woman stands at the window .
tr	PRES	" Not everyone kills his opponent though . "
tr	PAST	The slack rope they had tied her with suddenly clinched tightly around her , and began to burn .
tr	PRES	A slow smile curves his chiseled lips .
tr	PAST	Eventually Thomas emerged from the bathroom looking almost human , except for ... " Thomas ?
tr	PAST	Ashe flapped around to see who 'd spoken .
tr	PAST	Without warning , alarms shrieked throughout the buildings .
tr	PRES	This time it opens easily to a back parking lot and a dark blue sky still catching the last rays of twilight .
tr	PAST	Blood and sweat mingled , stinging further .
tr	PAST	Charging into the crowd , she swiped at the soldiers working on the cannons , trying to pull others from their horses .
tr	PRES	He points to the books that surround him .
tr	PRES	The little bunny stops sniffing .
tr	PAST	And their guns exploded .
tr	PAST	Frightened by her own boldness , the sea monster fled to Apollo to nestle beneath the hooves of the dawn horses .
tr	PAST	Knowing her story was necessary and he wouldn 't be getting her alone unless she spoke to the police , he resigned himself to waiting .
tr	PRES	" Okay , I kinda get it .
tr	PRES	I yell as I rush inside , hoping he 's home and not at work .
tr	PAST	A bright lantern hooked to the building shone light over the open seas .
tr	PAST	I then engaged the enemy as well and counted all shots hit true to their marks .
tr	PRES	My heartbeat slows as I gain a bit of control .
tr	PRES	The faint smell of old water fills her nostrils .
tr	PAST	My breathing slowed down to a steady pace and my sights transfixed upon Timothy chomping away on the teacher from hell .
tr	PAST	After all , he denied her everything else .
tr	PRES	The geography of the Void remains a mystery to us .
tr	PRES	Then he only uses the one from that lot that he likes the most .
tr	PRES	' On the Precious , on the Precious ! '
tr	PRES	' Still in the slave pens ... or gone to the markets , ' her sombre tone conveying despair .
tr	PAST	Will you relax , Zara ? "
tr	PAST	The intercom charged again , then Elvira asked , " Rico , everybody OK ? "
tr	PRES	If it fails me , nothing else remains .
tr	PRES	Time travel and the affect it has on one 's future suggested they tread carefully always .
tr	PAST	He balled a fist , trying to strike her , but he was pathetically weak .
tr	PRES	" My fish ! "
tr	PAST	" I have an idea , " Gabriel announced over dinner , as he refilled Darcy 's water glass .
tr	PAST	He sniffed quickly and wiped his nose , and his hands shook slightly as he reached for the box .
tr	PRES	But the only way to stop this is to let the girl confront her killer .
tr	PRES	I lean across the table .
tr	PRES	" To warn the others .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eleven ' The wind is not a vessel to be filled , but a fire to be kindled . '
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand .
tr	PRES	And just as she 'd done back then , Ruth begins to smile .
tr	PAST	She lied to you and - " " That 's the point .
tr	PAST	His gaze bore into hers .
tr	PRES	Small human villages exist within vast tracks of land that belong to the Others .
tr	PRES	And then it dawns on me what Trent was asking .
tr	PAST	He pursued her , and she had almost made it out of the room before he caught Millie 's arm .
tr	PAST	Maya eyed her sister .
tr	PRES	" My oldest brother , Gianni , loves antiquities .
tr	PRES	But then my mind flashes back to a big hand shoving at my back until I land on a bed .
tr	PRES	" Buddy Gardner was a gentleman in a jerk business , " Officer Milton remembers .
tr	PAST	The lights glowed brightly against the cold winter sky .
tr	PAST	She tipped her face into the sea breeze , watching sailboats and jet skis on the horizon .
tr	PAST	The Volvo screeched to a stop .
tr	PRES	My head remains out the window until we reach town , then I return to my seat .
tr	PAST	Lacey sniffed around before settling at the foot of the bed .
tr	PRES	Building blocks with letters on them , and bunnies and teddy bears , all hand stitched , in various textures and colors , littered the piece .
tr	PRES	She stands above it and in an upward sweeping motion opens her hands , allowing Rajah to fall .
tr	PAST	Numbers and percentages spewed forth and soon drowned everyone else in the room .
tr	PAST	Jenny stiffened slightly at the question .
tr	PAST	" When I asked you about it , you claimed you couldn 't imagine your father doing such a thing . "
tr	PRES	She sighs , and her brown eyes look sad .
tr	PRES	My head pops up to find a humongous guy pointing at Rory , who keeps on kissing Vanessa like he can 't hear a thing .
tr	PAST	It was her turn to be captivated , her attention riveted on each piece of skin revealed to her .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	At this point , however , almost everything about my future remains unknown .
tr	PAST	Then his phone beeped again .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and opens the passenger door and then tosses the duffel bag into the backseat .
tr	PRES	He climbs off the bed and extends his hand to me .
tr	PAST	Iris adjusted the reins in her hands .
tr	PAST	But this note proved it was possible .
tr	PRES	He stares off in the distance , remembering .
tr	PAST	Helen marveled in the weight of his body holding her firmly on the floor .
tr	PAST	" Okay , you busted me .
tr	PRES	" Because you were too busy being with Benny to get me something this year ? "
tr	PRES	He rattles my hand in the air and I take it back .
tr	PRES	" It passes the time . "
tr	PRES	She drifts a bit , nestling deeper into her covers and picturing Walt as she knew him just before the war .
tr	PAST	The flames engulfed Mr Gibson and Timothy , but they did not scream in pain or even twitch .
tr	PRES	And nobody trusts a sober person . "
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " she lied .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall in the hallway , a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach .
tr	PRES	Gratitude for his unrelenting loyalty fills me to the brim , along with a pretty severe stab of guilt .
tr	PRES	Turns out besides being cited for DUI the jerk was already on probation for battery . "
tr	PRES	" Great , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	We belong here , in the mists .
tr	PRES	" What reception ? "
tr	PRES	" No , please , spare them as well . "
tr	PRES	What if the virus fails , and then you 're injured or killed ?
tr	PAST	Just then , she practically glowed .
tr	PAST	A woman dressed in jeans , boots and a faded cotton shirt leaped out .
tr	PRES	Maximo beamed and replied .
tr	PAST	Kylie knew what it felt like to be disappointed and hurt by someone you trusted .
tr	PAST	he volunteered , sitting straight , eyes tight on Adam .
tr	PAST	The Captain of the Guard , who hadn 't bothered to wear a mask , extended his hand .
tr	PAST	As if someone else controlled her limbs , she inched farther into the space noting the remarkable order and cleanliness .
tr	PAST	" Everyone is talking about it , " my mom chimed in .
tr	PRES	Skyla stares over at me , her mouth dangling open in disbelief .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore down into her , wide with fury .
tr	PAST	Sometimes I even anticipated a fight .
tr	PAST	His smile never wavered .
tr	PRES	How much longer until we arrive at our destination ? "
tr	PAST	He whipped out his rimless glasses , fitted them to his nose , and started slowly to read .
tr	PRES	" Rob , " Morgan said , her voice ragged .
tr	PRES	She begins to tap her finger against it in a repetitive motion , resonating the sound of a heartbeat .
tr	PAST	" Help , " uttered Laura .
tr	PAST	Rafe 's gut churned .
tr	PRES	" Should I untie her ? "
tr	PAST	He absolutely worshipped me .
tr	PRES	" Can I assume that that bottle is one of them ? "
tr	PRES	We slowly proceed down the hazy street , just like one of our exercises in the Block .
tr	PAST	He preferred the long sleeve shirts even if they were too short .
tr	PRES	A pair of dusty boots enters the foreground and the weekly strains of a distant theme song begin .
tr	PAST	But Joshua also marveled at the passing landscape .
tr	PAST	Eventually he divided his army in four segments , or Suits , and each was led by one of his old friends . "
tr	PRES	He snorts and walks into the other room .
tr	PRES	Eyes that always had left Annie feeling naked and vulnerable .
tr	PRES	He begins to run .
tr	PRES	" I humbly apologize , Lord Director , for the actions of my men in detaining you .
tr	PAST	" He 'll be back , " she lied .
tr	PRES	Inside the dim , narrow shop lined with racks of merchandise , the smell of pelts fills my nose .
tr	PRES	" Do you think ... I wonder if it 's possible they know who the killer is , " Watt mumbled .
tr	PAST	Neighbors reported a man who made repeated visits to the house and argued with both Easter and Sanders . "
tr	PAST	Her hubby already handled everything like a seasoned professional .
tr	PAST	I hopped off of the bed .
tr	PRES	The Dean presents each student with a personalized gift for each class that they pass .
tr	PRES	But everything changes when Timothy steps out of the elevator .
tr	PRES	" Your next door neighbor is mad dogging us , " Jerry states as he looks towards Benjamin 's house .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't move right away she hopped off the bed and gave him a shove , sending him tumbling back into the pillows .
tr	PAST	" I experienced emotions .
tr	PRES	Many hauled tools and backpacks .
tr	PRES	She snuck forward and peered into the first lab .
tr	PRES	Zion tries to run past them both to get to his mother , but Isaac holds him back .
tr	PRES	With a small , but definitely proud smile still lingering on his lips , he scoots towards the end of the couch , far from my reach .
tr	PAST	He seized her for a scorching kiss that stole her breath .
tr	PAST	Her words faltered , and Colette could tell that Christian 's aunt was struggling to keep her composure .
tr	PAST	He protected her with the bulk of his form , wrapping his arms around her head .
tr	PAST	I wring my hands in my lap under the table .
tr	PAST	He carefully layered the meats and the cheeses , slathered the bread with Miracle Whip , and then he looked up .
tr	PAST	Jake emerged from the trees almost half an hour later carrying a bunch of bananas and a few mangoes for their feast .
tr	PRES	" They stink , too . "
tr	PAST	He clutched the chain , recalling earlier how she 'd stopped so suddenly .
tr	PAST	Lucas crouched beside them .
tr	PRES	She snuck into the Guard you know .
tr	PAST	" Those hooks , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	" Not like tomorrow night , when we 'll all be on the floor , " Deuce mumbled .
tr	PRES	" He refuses . "
tr	PRES	Finally , at the age of thirty , he attained a supreme awakening and immortality .
tr	PRES	He points his finger upwards at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied .
tr	PAST	A thin , sudden smile curved on the Inquisitor 's face , as if Jace had said something that pleased her very much .
tr	PRES	" Plan B ? "
tr	PRES	Norah opens our cabinet of drinking glasses and takes out a pink teacup .
tr	PAST	Papa 's voice assaulted him from behind .
tr	PRES	" Thank you for your assistance , " Blade 's voice announces over the open channel .
tr	PAST	I zipped up my sleeping bag , making sure I had one hand on Vic and the other on the tube with the ambrosia flower .
tr	PRES	" Which brings up the question of why they 're helping them ?
tr	PRES	" Dion , we all want to assure Sam pays justly for what he did to Kasey .
tr	PRES	He glances over my shoulder to the shop .
tr	PRES	Dani whispered loudly and fanned herself with a menu .
tr	PRES	" Who even slams a virtual door ? "
tr	PAST	He stares forward with cold eyes .
tr	PRES	A woman with alabaster skin , long black hair , full pink lips and bright blue eyes stares back at me .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his own shirt and pulled down his pants .
tr	PRES	He slides it down slowly , sensually , then finds my core , so wet and ready for him .
tr	PAST	Jamey chased after me , pleading and screaming at the same time .
tr	PAST	A few of us lingered with Max as he leaned back on the atrium park bench and stared up at the dimming sky through that massive skylight .
tr	PAST	" Always , lad , always . "
tr	PRES	Rolled sideways to check a terminal that was flipping in and out .
tr	PAST	As they moved closer to shore , Theresa suddenly doubted that they would see each other again .
tr	PAST	Slowly , as if in a dream , she weaved a path through the gifts and trailed her fingers down the weighted keys .
tr	PAST	The vampire froze , his eyes burning coals and his fangs extended in an open mouth ... then he exploded into ash .
tr	PRES	Looking up , he sees his father 's long hair blowing in the wind , swirling around his face .
tr	PAST	Those gray eyes revealed nothing .
tr	PRES	His long leg , encased in a knee brace , barely fits .
tr	PRES	" That 's a pretty big role to fill , " he teased .
tr	PAST	You lied to me . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , my lord , " he mumbled again .
tr	PAST	They bounced away from the flames on the rough terrain .
tr	PAST	The way his fingertips kept grazing my skin tickled .
tr	PRES	" His return hinges on a when and not an if .
tr	PAST	" Well , that explains why you enjoy physical aggression so much , " Mari stated , giving her brother a wide smile .
tr	PAST	He claimed Cloud was a clone .
tr	PRES	He freezes at my touch , but doesn 't recoil .
tr	PRES	I stopped as they both remained silent , exchanged glares with each other .
tr	PAST	Lush 's temper at this moment urged him to risk a quarrel .
tr	PAST	" I 'm a - " She tensed in an instant .
tr	PAST	As her companions plowed ahead into the darkness , she retreated to the shadows , letting them pass her by .
tr	PAST	His dark mood brightened .
tr	PAST	Monk prayed they would not be expecting visitors at their back door .
tr	PAST	" Do it , " he instructed Kowalski .
tr	PRES	Since I can 't surf , and I 'm already hopelessly behind on my schedule .
tr	PRES	" You ... won 't ... scare ... " Sa took several deep gulps of nearly non-existent air .
tr	PRES	" To be honest I just want to try out me bull punch again . "
tr	PAST	The rope shrank to its smallest form , and Jace held it behind his back .
tr	PRES	" The success of our plan hinges on this , sweetheart . "
tr	PAST	It yawned and then rested its head on its front legs .
tr	PAST	The water , while making her soaking clothes heavier , supported some of her weight .
tr	PAST	I wept for myself , my way of life and my family and friends , my entire world .
tr	PRES	I assume she had some bedwetting information mailed to her . "
tr	PAST	" We 'll all help , " Goodness and Mercy chimed in .
tr	PAST	Dank 's eyes bore into mine .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't we underground ? "
tr	PAST	" Tell me about it , " my mother mumbled , her aura changing from a dim pink to a brighter red .
tr	PAST	He sensed that he 'd struck a nerve .
tr	PRES	He lets out a heavy sigh and shakes his head , " No , she isn 't mine . "
tr	PAST	Chartres ' horse leaped after Maine .
tr	PRES	The dim glow of the dashboard offers enough light for my eyes .
tr	PAST	Unbelievably , tears pricked her lids , threatening to escape .
tr	PRES	Duke 's smile disappears .
tr	PRES	" If I 'm reading this right , your girlfriend 's new discovery opens along that passage . "
tr	PAST	I clap Gage on the shoulder , letting him know he has my sympathy .
tr	PAST	Errol slowed down upon approaching the teacher 's table .
tr	PAST	He stuffed his pack under his head .
tr	PAST	Kim exhaled a stream of smoke along with a burst of laughter .
tr	PAST	He stares at me with an open mouth , his eyes skipping from my face to the black sweatshirt I wear .
tr	PAST	The waist-high grass flapped past her legs .
tr	PRES	" She talks to him as though he were here in the room . "
tr	PRES	CHAPTER SEVEN " Not the moping again . "
tr	PAST	He abandoned us when we needed him the most .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Moretti ? "
tr	PRES	Before I know what 's happening , he flips it on and the screen flares to life .
tr	PRES	His cheek slides up one side .
tr	PRES	He joins me at the railing .
tr	PAST	She leaped down and then hauled herself up the other side , digging her feet into the muddy walls of the trench .
tr	PRES	" I crave your touch . "
tr	PAST	I doubted he knew it would actually be triplets .
tr	PRES	" He loves to dress my mom up and take her out . "
tr	PRES	I don 't want my children to go through what we did , " he mentions .
tr	PRES	" He misses me . "
tr	PRES	" My decision stands , we take her to the village and let Geir decide " .
tr	PAST	My hands itched to get around his thick neck .
tr	PRES	The situation freaked her out and why wouldn 't it ?
tr	PAST	Because she rarely left the house , Carly probably experienced more than her share of boredom .
tr	PRES	If you want it to go fast , you add to the weight . "
tr	PAST	Rock retracted the journal .
tr	PAST	Sea grass rustled in the breeze .
tr	PRES	He strokes my cheek softly .
tr	PRES	I strive to please .
tr	PAST	Arthur scoffed as if Ben were going to a seedy strip club , " What yer goin ' in there for ? "
tr	PAST	Her braids outlined her pointed ears , but the ears didn 't look as strange and unnatural close up .
tr	PRES	" Stay put , you idiot dog .
tr	PRES	I detect the look of empathy in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Sam matched him on the first beat , and I jumped in with the melody .
tr	PRES	I scratch at my wrist , trying to recollect , but the events of that day are hazy .
tr	PRES	Tobias approaches a small metal box on the right side of the gate and opens it , revealing a keypad .
tr	PRES	" Sir Bane , what can we expect from the Lycans ? "
tr	PAST	She sniffed again and finally looked at me .
tr	PRES	And speaking of the sauce , lets fix a couple of tall cool ones and sit out on the porch .
tr	PAST	Pass you a note ?
tr	PRES	" The glove ? "
tr	PAST	Then the wraith suddenly shrieked in rage .
tr	PAST	The first wielded a sword , and the other a battle axe .
tr	PRES	My mind drifts back to Mason as I await the next question .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap shut and the way she fights to keep tears from falling rips me in half .
tr	PAST	Likewise , Pete worshipped the only father he had ever known .
tr	PAST	Papers rustled on the other end of the line .
tr	PRES	Even the T-shirt . "
tr	PAST	He freed his pistol and hurried forward , sticking to the walls , leading with his gun .
tr	PAST	She scribbled a few notes on her chart as she spoke .
tr	PRES	The man releases a red-faced Lexie .
tr	PAST	He grunted , going down .
tr	PAST	He hopped back quickly as the bus reversed sharply , slamming through the front of the clubhouse .
tr	PAST	A nervous look stole over her .
tr	PRES	Your species remains warlike and primitive .
tr	PRES	They hiss in response and my knuckles turn white as I grip the bars as tight as I can .
tr	PRES	When I find nothing and the only thing left is the underside of the bed I hesitate .
tr	PAST	He grunted and looked at his partner , who immediately began a search .
tr	PRES	It streams from her lips like a half-truth .
tr	PAST	The formulas collapsed on him then scattered in disarray .
tr	PRES	Caleb sighed and stood , his massive body towering over Noelle 's bed .
tr	PRES	She holds up a pill bottle and grins .
tr	PAST	' Sylvie , ' the friend volunteered .
tr	PAST	A short burst of profanity revealed that GG had returned .
tr	PRES	Although you couldn 't have Jessie without Will and vice versa .
tr	PRES	" He deserves everything coming at him .
tr	PRES	A little girl with a pink dress about 12 years old stands beside Rebecca . )
tr	PRES	Phillip scoots his chair over to me , putting his assignment sheet on my desk .
tr	PAST	" Bumper car at the local fair , " I countered , gunning it out of the parking lot .
tr	PRES	" You silly man . "
tr	PAST	The drums produced a rhythmic beat , and a circle of men and women gathered to participate in the dancing .
tr	PAST	" She should have slapped that little bitch down for insulting the Queen like that .
tr	PAST	Presently , the left side 19 " screen featured a scrolling map of their current position ; it was in chart plotter and radar mode .
tr	PAST	Better than wondering if we should be bringing kids into a world that 's this messed up . "
tr	PAST	He eyed Ava , his mouth hanging open like he was about to say something , and then he paused .
tr	PRES	" Nah , but my fingers are crossed , " she teased .
tr	PAST	An abby exploded out the front door of Maggie 's house .
tr	PAST	He flung himself out of the plane into the blanket of stars .
tr	PRES	She passes the infirmary where Amy , Tim , and Chest brought me after I fell off of the cliff .
tr	PRES	' It 's okay , Justus .
tr	PRES	The rice tastes damn good , too .
tr	PAST	" I hereby claim yer ship an ' all she contains , " Black Sam announced to break the ice .
tr	PRES	You scare the hell out of me . "
tr	PAST	The deadly Amaranth received the attack and absorbed it .
tr	PRES	Then I spy Nisha at the foot of the stairs , holding court among a cluster of other girls from the team .
tr	PAST	She steadied herself on the wall to keep from falling back over .
tr	PAST	She replaced her phone in the cup holder and rolled her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Two hundred comments ! "
tr	PRES	He tries to communicate again as he opens his mouth .
tr	PAST	He tugged at my arm , forcing me to move up the stairs once again .
tr	PAST	He was raised as a machine , denied all physical contact save discipline .
tr	PAST	Glass shattered and wood splintered everywhere but somehow she managed to stay on her feet .
tr	PAST	A lot of things spewed from her wide mouth but I do not recall hearing sense .
tr	PAST	She attempted to do so , surprised she still felt so weak .
tr	PRES	He opens his own soda and grins .
tr	PAST	The moon shone down on them like a spotlight , like they were the only people under it .
tr	PRES	He stares at them , but his gaze is faraway .
tr	PRES	Him battling kids outside of the gym , for real , and winning All of those matches , too .
tr	PRES	It tuned out not to be as bad as she had feared - not quite , but nearly .
tr	PRES	Instead , the driver opens my door and Declan 's hand comes out to take mine .
tr	PRES	Ryland lets this pass .
tr	PRES	" Not to me , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Then a couple seconds later , my apartment exploded into flames . "
tr	PAST	I doubted any of Mum 's friends would be ringing at midnight .
tr	PAST	Another patient limped past .
tr	PAST	" I fetched them ! "
tr	PAST	' Bedrooms , ' surmised Basalt to himself .
tr	PAST	Julie charged a very affordable fee for joining the network but waived the fee if the participant wished to work for Phoenix Enterprises .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the last of the biscuit into my mouth , threw away my garbage , and followed him over to the orange Piper .
tr	PAST	They dove into the water and started swimming .
tr	PRES	A to-die-for view of the Manhattan skyline fills the windows that line one wall .
tr	PAST	I eyed it on the desk .
tr	PRES	The female butts her head against the trader , demanding equal attention , until he pats her trunk .
tr	PAST	I tickled Megan 's tummy .
tr	PAST	I hedged , " Kate , I really don 't want to rehash it .
tr	PAST	The car slowed as we pulled up in front of Amy 's house .
tr	PRES	A violent shock ripples through me .
tr	PRES	It lands on the carpeted rug , just my good luck , a little sheath protection .
tr	PRES	Finnigan bursts into the Library .
tr	PRES	She passes me the wet towel .
tr	PAST	His boyish grin disarmed her defenses .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet and stare at a small gray hatchback about twenty yards away .
tr	PAST	Everywhere in the atrium , vampire ears perked up .
tr	PAST	What bothered him was that he could not put his finger onto it precisely .
tr	PRES	His head now resting in Tammy 's lap and his arms locking around her waist .
tr	PRES	Ben hears a lot about the criminal world . "
tr	PRES	' Beg pardon ? '
tr	PAST	She hooked Kara to a heart monitor and moved the drip bag to a portable stand .
tr	PAST	Abigail whipped her head around , searching for the source of the voice .
tr	PAST	" Props adjusted for high RPM . "
tr	PRES	she asked , her voice tremulous .
tr	PRES	" No one 's look really matches their age .
tr	PRES	Dear Readers - Thus begins Riddick 's downward spiral into the person the universe is introduced to in the movie Pitch Black .
tr	PAST	Metal rafters webbed the ceiling over workstations .
tr	PRES	She begins tapping her long pink nails on the marble counter .
tr	PRES	She whistled loudly and sharply , a piercing summons .
tr	PRES	I shout , clutching onto the crystal ball .
tr	PAST	Bolton rushed across the room , heading straight for Hale , arm cocked back , fist balled .
tr	PRES	" The patient , " Ellis answered , " suffers from intermittent attacks of violent behavior .
tr	PRES	" Wasn 't she armed ? "
tr	PAST	He cocked a brow at Sunshine 's voice on the other side of his door .
tr	PAST	Instead you blamed others for your inadequacies and set out to revenge yourself .
tr	PAST	She sought out and quickly befriended Roman patricians and anyone with homes and money .
tr	PAST	Her hands clutched at his shoulders as her h * ps moved in a rhythm that was fast and desperate .
tr	PRES	He draws me closer as the officiate pronounces us husband and wife .
tr	PAST	She crouched down , saw the thick congealed blood shining black in the mist , and covered her mouth .
tr	PRES	" The Blue Tower was still standing , " Echo points out .
tr	PRES	" Wel , that 's a first , " Beth teased .
tr	PAST	" I have not , " he denied hotly .
tr	PAST	" Norah phoned and said you were on your way .
tr	PRES	A second woman stands next to the man .
tr	PRES	" No , " Liam whispers .
tr	PAST	She reread it , especially the mysterious part about reconciliation .
tr	PRES	" We should finish our game , " he murmurs after a moment .
tr	PRES	A sneer rises beneath her nose .
tr	PAST	" It will be a total of forty thousand dollars , " she stated .
tr	PAST	Dried , woody vines screeched in the growing wind , and trees creaked with protest , as if their dead limbs would not last the wind .
tr	PAST	My mom 's eyes lightened up instantly .
tr	PAST	Cole slapped a hand across James 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	Nothing in your apartment points to your extracurricular activities .
tr	PAST	I inhaled as if the house already smelled like Puerto Rican food instead of dust .
tr	PRES	I recall what happened the last time . "
tr	PRES	Most people when they see his skin assume that he has sunburn .
tr	PRES	On their side , the phone rattles as if someone grabbed it .
tr	PAST	But dread churned in her stomach .
tr	PAST	Emily regarded the director with incredulous disbelief .
tr	PAST	My heart involuntarily sped up and I prayed that at that moment Kaspar couldn 't hear it .
tr	PRES	Alaric pushes off his front paws , so he stands on two legs , towering above her .
tr	PRES	Meet Randolph Grierson , James announces .
tr	PRES	She mutters against my lips , whimpering out in pain .
tr	PAST	You 're being chased by the Faith ! "
tr	PRES	Suddenly the translucent white walls of the corridor ignite .
tr	PAST	" I 'm dreaming , " I stated .
tr	PRES	She wove a path through the remaining cosmetic counters , angled across accessories and shoes and exited the store through the doors on the cross street .
tr	PAST	Gracie almost panicked when she heard the knock on the door ; however , she answered it herself .
tr	PAST	He protected me my entire childhood and throughout the years after .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted , trying to appear calm and collected .
tr	PAST	Shifting hard into reverse , she stomped on the gas and swung around into a forward-facing spin .
tr	PRES	' Don 't tell me you did what I think you did , ' Nate begged .
tr	PAST	Sarah motioned for him to be quiet as she gently eased the door open .
tr	PRES	A new icon pops up onto my screen .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we should goof off more often , " I add , and arc an eyebrow at her .
tr	PAST	Elena sobbed to get her breath , even though she was al owing Stefan to help her now .
tr	PAST	He presses a finger to my mouth .
tr	PRES	He lets his forehead rest against mine .
tr	PAST	" The police blamed his disappearance on a vagabond that had been sighted hanging about town .
tr	PAST	" He also cost you a lot more money than you think .
tr	PAST	Gathering him in her arms , his blood soaked through the front of her dress .
tr	PAST	Melanie 's face glowed as she told how healthy and cute they were .
tr	PAST	Iris and Hagan froze .
tr	PRES	' Of course , ' assented Gail , her tone instantly lightening .
tr	PAST	She rummaged in her bag and handed me one .
tr	PAST	As she paced towards Auron , from the darkness of her cloak , a black sword extended with swirling shadows .
tr	PAST	Floating along , Zane abandoned himself to Ty 's hands for a long moment , soaking in the afterglow .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , pointing to it matter-of-factly .
tr	PAST	He eyed the empty landing .
tr	PAST	After setting them aside , she clasped her hands in a businesslike manner .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , well I could use a lot less love , " I sneer .
tr	PRES	" Paul Porter . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I murmur , once March and Jael move off to scout ahead .
tr	PRES	She stops and takes a bow when she gets catcalls and whistles .
tr	PAST	" Mother - " Dorothea slapped him hard across the face .
tr	PRES	" In the flesh , Red . "
tr	PAST	Her focus wavered in front of her , and she forced herself to concentrate on the void .
tr	PRES	" I know they love me , " I grumble .
tr	PAST	She clasped her other hand on top of his , needing to deepen their connection .
tr	PRES	" Carlisle promised , " I mumbled , contrary out of habit .
tr	PRES	" This is happening , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Once again , he battled down the desire the woman provoked .
tr	PAST	His hand fisted in her hair , and red light flickered in the depths of his eyes as he pushed his pulsing cock against her mouth .
tr	PRES	Most records that do exist date from a period decades or even centuries after the events they record .
tr	PRES	Frank revved the truck and eased in the hoist gears .
tr	PRES	In the mirror she disappears as I reach out and slam the door .
tr	PRES	Zion falls backward and lands in the tall grass .
tr	PRES	And that you take lemon in your iced tea . "
tr	PRES	" About the earl ? "
tr	PRES	I lean back into the sofa cushion and Marceline begins rocking again .
tr	PAST	They charged at the same time , colliding and falling into a scraping heap on the floor .
tr	PRES	Her forearm disappears beneath a white sheet and the black bead from her bracelet is shattered next to her on the carpet .
tr	PRES	" Debbie likes them and wants us to wait so she can prove to them that they can trust us . "
tr	PAST	" It 's perfect , " she almost squealed .
tr	PAST	I prayed it would move the raft a few feet , but all it did was lift the aroma from the water directly to our noses .
tr	PAST	Those created after them witnessed this .
tr	PRES	Although his tone is calming , I detect the traces of anxiety in his voice .
tr	PAST	Eleanor sensed something new in him , however , a focus that hadn 't existed before .
tr	PRES	His body remains tense as he comes , his eyes closed , his expression more animal than man , and I know he 's not done .
tr	PAST	Kathleen hooked her hands on her hips , a quiet rage simmering .
tr	PAST	Both guys in the front seat munched on sandwiches .
tr	PAST	His small fingers caressed the spines of the books , as if trying to absorb their plots .
tr	PAST	Dirk outlined a rough plan and Gordo agreed , even though he had extreme concerns .
tr	PAST	She revealed her powers only to me and I was sworn to secrecy .
tr	PAST	We hopped into the Range Rover and I drove her back to her apartment .
tr	PAST	Camille 's gaze froze on Julian and her fork stalled in mid-air .
tr	PRES	I shout at him , hoping that what he 's rummaging for are the explosives he carries .
tr	PAST	Pale blue lines glowed through the white of his skin .
tr	PAST	The Chief treated them like his collection of unopened staplers in the office supply room .
tr	PRES	Then , in a blinding flash , his face begins to glow .
tr	PRES	Whether she realizes it or not , she helps .
tr	PAST	Then the pretend rabbit hopped up into the queen 's lap , who giggled and went to stroke the long floppy ears , and the creature vanished .
tr	PAST	As she crept down the hall , she snuck glances into lab after lab .
tr	PRES	Unless you count the teams he plays against . "
tr	PAST	Gina created something that resembled a rotary , while Jo was constructing one hell of a topographical map of Switzerland .
tr	PAST	When he got to my shoes he tugged on first one and then the other and removed them sweetly from my feet .
tr	PAST	Enraged , he slapped her and she fell to the ground .
tr	PRES	And yet you both still sneer at the idea of her with a vampire . "
tr	PAST	The strangers zeroed in on me like I was standing in a spotlight .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked to mine , and she hesitated .
tr	PRES	The furry beast reared back its head and snarled , baring its long , sharp and deadly fangs .
tr	PAST	I skipped up a generation and found Christian 's grandfather .
tr	PAST	They clasped their right arms together in the traditional greeting .
tr	PRES	My needles shone for brief moments when caught by the slender bit of moon shining through the window .
tr	PAST	She taps her finger against her chin .
tr	PAST	Something in her triggered your soul to leap out on her .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat when I realized that I 'm in the middle of a Sea of Red Balloons .
tr	PAST	Bye " Roger re-entered the room .
tr	PRES	Every so often , as if he can sense my heightened concern , Nicholas mutters a quiet reassurance .
tr	PRES	" What brings you into town this afternoon ?
tr	PAST	His elation lessened when the RSM told him that he would represent the camp in all cross-country races .
tr	PAST	My jaw tensed when I saw him crying , for the first time .
tr	PRES	As they 're carried up to the fifth floor , the President 's Secret Service agent mutters , " What was he thinking ? "
tr	PRES	" Mallory Carmichael . "
tr	PRES	We request that the first thing you do after the officer meeting upon return is translate our volumes .
tr	PAST	An old , familiar ache pierced her chest at those words .
tr	PRES	Sasha 's lips expand into a malicious smile .
tr	PAST	They still acted like they were bound even though no one paid any attention to their hands .
tr	PRES	" And no cool scars , just a hand in a cast for six weeks .
tr	PRES	" ... The president has also rejected the mercy petition of another man who was sentenced to death for raping and killing a three-year-old .
tr	PRES	Everyone rises to their feet simultaneously .
tr	PAST	The small TV on the dresser droned on in the background .
tr	PRES	" The city is quickly turning into a powder keg , " Raffaele explains to me as we head out from his chambers .
tr	PRES	" Hey ... wipe your mouth , there ' s drool , " she teased .
tr	PRES	A man always likes to hear the truth .
tr	PRES	" I 'm glad I was the first one to scare you , " he teased and walked back into the room .
tr	PRES	" Glad you noticed , Jonathan .
tr	PRES	" The gods . "
tr	PAST	' Now fish out the hilt , ' I instructed .
tr	PAST	He motioned her into the ship .
tr	PRES	" Now march ! "
tr	PAST	Zep 's expression froze as he recognised the detonator for what it was .
tr	PRES	Broken slivers of it powdered his hair .
tr	PAST	They squealed , and as soon as Cade laid Caroline on the bed , hugged and cried .
tr	PRES	" Just one thing : how much do you think Chris loves Sarah ? "
tr	PRES	I lean down and press a kiss to her forehead .
tr	PRES	Which explains why the stone was going backwards and forwards .
tr	PAST	So I attempted to hide my face by lowering my red cap .
tr	PAST	The ball floated toward the basket , as peaceful Sarah Abrahams started walking from her sideline to shake hands with Grady 's coach , Gail Morton .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into me and make me squirm .
tr	PAST	With ferocious impact , both doors crumpled like newspaper and ripped away from the van at an incredibly high velocity .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side .
tr	PRES	" And booze . "
tr	PAST	And that required him to be judicious .
tr	PAST	But doing so required that she take the threats seriously .
tr	PRES	Like she has a dozen times over the last day and a half , she pops into my head .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Her beautiful smiling hazel eyes shine back at me in the filtered glow of the windows .
tr	PRES	" But ... " Bran frowns .
tr	PRES	He stands up and leans over the table , then slides his hand behind my neck .
tr	PRES	The hard outer shell protects a soft , vulnerable center .
tr	PAST	A psychologist claimed the missing dwarf was psychotic . "
tr	PRES	" And factually incorrect .
tr	PAST	I dove to my right , Preston pul ed the trigger on the crossbow , and the Fenrir wolf bumped into his side , making Preston stumble .
tr	PRES	' Radio signals ? '
tr	PAST	" No , no , " Martin lied , indulgently .
tr	PRES	Evie deserves to go to a nice home with a mother and father who can look after her properly -- without any shame .
tr	PAST	Soren tipped his head to Jupiter .
tr	PAST	He elbowed Barret in the side and said , " Watch this . "
tr	PAST	Perdita shrieked when the large clawed creature dove into her feet first , knocking her to the ground .
tr	PRES	She misses Rome , and you know she 'll support you as long as you continue your work as Mentor of the Brotherhood . "
tr	PAST	She eyed my pajamas , and then jerked her head toward the closet .
tr	PAST	The hovering projector droned ominously above .
tr	PAST	" Of course not , " he answers , his voice clipped .
tr	PRES	The scene fades around Poseidon as the form changes into the hag for a moment before fading leaving only the prison trapping Curios .
tr	PRES	Because I wear khakis and don 't listen to that rancid music ? "
tr	PAST	He and Jamie attempted to clean up their living room .
tr	PRES	" Just some snacks . "
tr	PRES	The mountains belong to us !
tr	PRES	My head bangs against the side of the carriage when I do . "
tr	PRES	No one talks to me now . "
tr	PAST	" You 're going to leave , " she accused furiously .
tr	PAST	The alien Power still buzzed , and still he couldn 't get a fix on it .
tr	PAST	He seized hold of her , lifting her as he thrust his face into hers .
tr	PRES	" Fine , but try anything funny and you 're a dead man . "
tr	PRES	She throws the blanket off herself and climbs out of bed .
tr	PRES	For the Legion . "
tr	PAST	The scent of her need swirled in his head , intoxicating him , drawing his balls up tight .
tr	PRES	I freaked you out right ? "
tr	PRES	Whatever floats your boat . "
tr	PRES	" You fuckin ' slay me . "
tr	PAST	" So he painted them .
tr	PRES	An old , dirty , sneaker that someone had left for me .
tr	PAST	She propped herself on one elbow , staring at me .
tr	PRES	" Hi , Mrs ... " " Winnie . "
tr	PRES	" So what do you think , Ken ?
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my shoulders .
tr	PRES	The next picture I see causes me to take a second look , simply because I recognise the face .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed them , thumbs rubbing against the erect nipples .
tr	PAST	He urged me to wear the green one instead and dress it up with my mother 's pearls .
tr	PAST	She nearly caved , nearly told him , nearly blurted out the two heavy words .
tr	PAST	He dismissed her even as he was pulling the strap off his arm , making the blood pressure machine start beeping .
tr	PAST	Captain Perdita claimed to be eight years old when she became a pirate .
tr	PAST	They hauled themselves easily up onto the platform .
tr	PRES	He dives back over my lips with an unrivaled passion .
tr	PRES	I hunger for him and it scares me .
tr	PRES	Marshall winks in my direction .
tr	PRES	" Hey that 's me , " I teased .
tr	PAST	She flings the door open and attacks him with a hug .
tr	PAST	At the same time , my stomach rumbled , and I picked up the granola bar as I continued to squirt colours on the palette .
tr	PAST	Then and there , I pretty much ruled out going to the police unless something else turned up .
tr	PAST	Inside , Matt flicked the light switch in the hall , but nothing happened .
tr	PAST	She sneezed again , but continued petting the cat .
tr	PRES	I mutter curses as people move their cars out of my lane and go around me .
tr	PAST	The tone matched the expression .
tr	PAST	Christopher 's chair screeched against the tiled floor , and he stormed down the hall to his room .
tr	PRES	" Jonas Quarrel and Verity Ames .
tr	PAST	The demon awoke with a vengeance .
tr	PRES	Everyone stands in the middle of the room , dressed in workout clothes .
tr	PAST	He sensed it waiting behind the fear and confusion , waiting to be ignited , to flare into hot fusion with the desire pounding through him .
tr	PAST	Waves of anguish washed over me as I lied to the only woman I 'd ever loved .
tr	PRES	He whispers and descends the ladder .
tr	PRES	Melissa votes for the bowling alley , which Tad quickly rejects , and for that I 'm thankful .
tr	PRES	His annoyance and discomfort put scorn into his voice when he looked towards the horizon and asked , ' Does this road actually lead to anywhere ? '
tr	PAST	Alec eyed the green beverage with obvious wariness .
tr	PAST	" There are no rules in war , " countered Tiberius .
tr	PAST	The lurker plunged the quarrel into Zoo , then stood back calmly .
tr	PRES	I freaked out on Mom , and she told me you were dead .
tr	PAST	He flicked the switch back and forth .
tr	PAST	He groped for anything -- starlight or even the faint heat in the asphalt on which he lay -- but he was powerless .
tr	PAST	For now , he threaded his way through the $ 100 tables , and found the couple she 'd been hanging with earlier .
tr	PAST	Eli proceeded to step forward .
tr	PRES	She flinches from the sharpness in my tone but continues to smile .
tr	PAST	But he doubted that his prayers would matter .
tr	PRES	Something more terrifying than the Lord Ruler himself .
tr	PAST	Dropping to my knees to avoid the worst of the smoke , I crawled quickly , coughing and gagging every time I drew breath .
tr	PRES	' Ah ah . '
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked my cotton gown , and damp hair matted against my forehead .
tr	PAST	Allan stiffened at the sound of his father 's voice .
tr	PRES	After tucking her in , I snuck out of the room and looked for the number to the funeral home .
tr	PAST	" You hacked it ? "
tr	PRES	" Good night , Mrs. Ivory .
tr	PAST	In the previous incarnation of our relationship we sort of skipped the whole " dating " thing .
tr	PAST	Grinning , she jolted upright and clapped .
tr	PAST	Lacy crawled from bed and opened the door , trying hard not to look like she 'd just woken up .
tr	PAST	I crouched down in front of her and couldn 't see any visible bite marks .
tr	PAST	He bounced her on the bed before pulling off his T-shirt .
tr	PAST	A chill snaked up her spine .
tr	PRES	Boss likes to meet new people , talk to them about the rules , get them settled . "
tr	PAST	I ascend the stairs and make my way past the main courtyard .
tr	PRES	Nasty sports though they are . "
tr	PRES	She pushes the camera into my hands as she stands next to her daughter , awaiting me to take the picture .
tr	PAST	Jimmy exclaimed , grinning .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he eases his fingers out , leaving me with an empty feeling of frustration .
tr	PRES	Te ' ton presses the left gear backing up the scooter into the wall of ice waiting on the males .
tr	PAST	Her mother 's face brightened .
tr	PRES	" You belong in that bed . "
tr	PRES	" It tastes good too , " he mumbled through a mouthful of pepperoni .
tr	PRES	Alex just stands there looking at Xavier as he pulls away and walks casually back to the front of the crowd .
tr	PRES	All the streams coming down out of the mountains overran their banks overnight , and then the floods began .
tr	PAST	His feelings mirrored her own .
tr	PAST	Reece restrained herself from bursting into laughter , and noticed Levi was having difficulty with that as well .
tr	PAST	Without so much as a pause for breath , she adjusted her sights .
tr	PAST	He grunted his approval , thrusting his tongue heavily into her mouth .
tr	PRES	The vampire mistook the pack for ours .
tr	PRES	The fact that he told you all that personal family stuff must mean he trusts you , and thinks very highly of you . "
tr	PRES	This causes me pause .
tr	PAST	Isabel slapped her sides .
tr	PAST	My heart leaped in my throat .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to touch me , and I try to jump away , but he 's quicker than I expect him to be .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand to shake hers .
tr	PAST	His breath exploded out of his lungs .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and very gently lays his hand on the side of my head .
tr	PAST	He squinted against the bright golden sunlight in complete disbelief at what he was seeing .
tr	PAST	Momma motioned to the chair behind me .
tr	PAST	Confusion reflected in his eyes , a black void suddenly filled with splintering pain .
tr	PAST	Quickly rolling beside the large doorway , he presses his back against the cool stone , briefly peeking into the sunlight .
tr	PAST	Reaching behind her back , she flicked open her bra , removed it and then bent over very slowly to scoop up both items .
tr	PAST	He approved of my learning as much as I could , whatever the source .
tr	PRES	She points to a small pair of pink sandals near the kitchen doors .
tr	PAST	She cringed when he lowered to her groin and inhaled there too .
tr	PAST	I prayed for them to stop , to leave me alone , but at the same time I was desperately afraid that they would .
tr	PAST	One side of Aiden 's lips tipped up .
tr	PRES	Man falls for seventeen-year-old girl .
tr	PRES	Wes bears into me with those blazing green eyes , heavy with sadness .
tr	PAST	It delighted Ari that Christina had no inhibitions about her sexuality and no hesitation in exploring his .
tr	PAST	She drew beer until the keg was empty , then broached another .
tr	PRES	Logan helps me out through the overhead panel and back onto the forest floor .
tr	PAST	An opportunity arose and I took it .
tr	PAST	Cale 's shoulders stiffened .
tr	PAST	Wes stiffened , closed his eyes , shook his head .
tr	PRES	What about Cody ? "
tr	PAST	Images of the girl who had died tormented him long after he awoke .
tr	PAST	Freezing water sloshed over the top of her right shoe .
tr	PAST	Ellen received an enormous promotion along with the matching salary to go along with her new duties .
tr	PAST	He clutched his glass and swallowed another mouthful .
tr	PRES	However , nobody likes to think that they are wasting their free texts so they use them whenever possible .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , slipped her arms around his waist , and leaned into him , but not skin to skin like she preferred .
tr	PRES	" You look confused , " she giggles .
tr	PAST	Kate 's eyes flicked up , for an instant catching something across the room .
tr	PAST	He is not your child , Gina , ' Kevin lectured .
tr	PRES	The shaking subsides and Mom releases me , her cheeks red with embarrassment , though as far as I can tell no one has noticed .
tr	PAST	" Most gracious of you , as usual .
tr	PRES	" You have got to be shitting me , " I mutter as the window rolls down .
tr	PRES	It flips end over end , hits my laptop , then falls .
tr	PAST	With a few typed commands , the drill reversed direction and soon burst out of the sand .
tr	PAST	A constant breeze floated between each branch creating a delicate sway .
tr	PRES	The air stank of oil , tobacco smoke , and human waste .
tr	PAST	The other guy who had taken the hit massaged his jaw .
tr	PRES	Michelle lets out an irksome cackle with the bitch squad .
tr	PAST	He awoke the following morning to observe an encroaching and impenetrable fog .
tr	PRES	" They know , " Crewe states .
tr	PRES	With thoughts of new worlds , different frontiers , and life experiences bubbling through our young and naïve minds .
tr	PRES	" Why strain yourself if the wind 's doing all the work ? "
tr	PAST	He wavered for just a second before the weakness passed and he smiled .
tr	PRES	With a sigh , he murmurs , " Yeah , it 's relaxing , being out on the water , focused on an end goal .
tr	PRES	" They 're back there , " she points down a hallway , and I pull her along with me .
tr	PAST	Just then Alain stormed out , nearly knocking her over .
tr	PRES	The other man sighs and agrees to the arrangement .
tr	PAST	Then she hauled back and punched me , and told me I better go and make you happy again .
tr	PAST	The rotting demon outstretched her long arms and cackled maniacally .
tr	PRES	He stretches and stands up , putting his hands on my waist and hoisting me up .
tr	PAST	He dimmed his torch ? "
tr	PAST	Claire dumped her backpack on a deserted table .
tr	PRES	Bad clientele attract bad luck . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , making fun of my ghostly form in the darkness .
tr	PRES	He tells her he loves to be working in a country where the phrase " All the Oil You Need " can be owned .
tr	PAST	" Canterbury Tales , " I announced to the room .
tr	PRES	" Piss on you , Abraham .
tr	PRES	She also fel tit too early to see him when hi was naked .
tr	PRES	He dreaded to think what might await beyond the confining hallway .
tr	PRES	" I assume you already have a pretty good idea what we are going to see - illegal drilling . "
tr	PRES	She touches my pink , perfect skin gently , then more forcefully .
tr	PAST	You dumped her even though you loved her ? "
tr	PAST	After Grayson failed at outside communication a couple more times , I dared speak again .
tr	PRES	Rats stank of panic .
tr	PRES	My dad climbs out of the car , springing forward like an angry rattlesnake .
tr	PRES	Having men at your back , at least , grants us some peace of mind . "
tr	PRES	' So he likes the songs ? '
tr	PAST	He skipped over to the table as Theresa rose from the bed and gave Garrett a quick kiss good morning .
tr	PRES	On the second time around , he disappears into the only spot behind the tree Serena cannot follow with her eyes and he does not emerge .
tr	PRES	" The word create describes it .
tr	PRES	Then he slowly stands upright and lifts his tranquilizer rifle over his head in the surrender position .
tr	PRES	My legs part and he falls between me , pressing against me .
tr	PRES	" You might as well turn and face me , you pitiful old dog . "
tr	PAST	A moment later Sheridan sensed that both men had withdrawn .
tr	PRES	" Sorry man , but we knocked , and the door was unlocked , so we walked in to find this mess , " Derrick explains .
tr	PRES	I decline , sticking my arm out as he teeters toward the stairs .
tr	PAST	In his arms she experienced an excitement she 'd never even known was possible .
tr	PAST	He braced his hands on the top railing and stared out at the river .
tr	PRES	The wind washes over me like a soft hand alternately caressing and cajoling me .
tr	PRES	Sand fills up my sandals and is cool against my skin .
tr	PRES	" If it bothers you -- " He interrupted her .
tr	PRES	Tears shone in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Liam glances at Serena .
tr	PAST	Phil tipped his baseball cap .
tr	PRES	" Such a fuss over nothing ! "
tr	PAST	She tugged ineffectually at the material .
tr	PAST	His people 's families mourned those casualties as much as mine ... and for what ?
tr	PRES	The bartender begins wiping the counters off while I sip on my beer and stare at the television screen .
tr	PRES	" Now hush . "
tr	PAST	the woman , obviously his adoptive mother , exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PAST	He sensed rather than saw when the beast beat its wings and came at him screaming .
tr	PRES	He stares at Cassandra .
tr	PAST	Nikolas smacked at a small squirrel biting his shoe .
tr	PRES	Settled nerves and made people happier .
tr	PAST	He dropped down , legs folding under him neatly , like a collapsible picnic table .
tr	PAST	When the coin breaks , it immediately channels magic through your amulets to provide maximum defense and energy .
tr	PRES	" She never talks about her past or her feelings much at all .
tr	PAST	" Good , " he stated with a sigh .
tr	PRES	Dylan glares at me , his cheek puffy where my knuckles collided .
tr	PAST	I scoffed at myself even though I quickened my stride to match hers .
tr	PAST	" Wrap your legs around me , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	" I know what he 's thinking , " Dad murmurs .
tr	PRES	He paused , clearly attempting to recall , finally he turned to Kate and asked , " Twenty-two ? "
tr	PRES	The light from the lamps shone softly making a comfortable environment for a nap .
tr	PAST	She skipped back down the hallway to the library .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her hair , a small painful pull , exerting pressure on the roots .
tr	PRES	She glances at it and then at me before she stamps my passport and hands it back .
tr	PAST	She dumped his T-shirt and jeans on his lap .
tr	PRES	I scare you so much that you can 't sleep at night . "
tr	PAST	Emer 's eyes wavered , but she shook her head .
tr	PRES	" It changes things for me , though .
tr	PAST	She dreamed vivid dreams her whole life .
tr	PAST	She tensed and prepared for him to strike , but instead , he asked one of his men , " Has she been searched ? "
tr	PAST	He tugged open the large tin door and both men dove headfirst into the pitch-black chute .
tr	PRES	" Please stop , " she begged , fear and terror seeping through the door .
tr	PRES	" So you forgive us ? "
tr	PAST	He chased her pulse up her bare neck .
tr	PAST	My voice thunders and Aiden quickly flings his hand over my mouth .
tr	PRES	' And bacon ! '
tr	PAST	Then he lands on the boy 's back , pinning him to the ground .
tr	PAST	Extensive marble floors conducted the chill until it seeped right into her bones .
tr	PRES	" Me , too , " I mumbled as I rubbed off the dirt .
tr	PAST	The subtle flow of power persisted until the guard sauntered away , giving them free passage to the tunnel entrance .
tr	PRES	" I am their mother , they belong with me ! "
tr	PAST	All the things in the mist operated primarily by sense of smell .
tr	PRES	" But ... But ... " Marcel spluttered , disarmed at receiving an insult when he had been stooping to receive a compliment .
tr	PRES	" A sedative ? "
tr	PAST	" Excuse me madam , I just wanted to let you know that visiting hours finish in a few minutes " stated the nurse .
tr	PRES	" Sure he talks .
tr	PRES	He is a comforting presence right now and even through my distress , I marvel at how his personality can change in an instant .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to stand up again , and this time I did as he expected of me .
tr	PRES	" I real y do love you , Woods , but I like what we have now .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the bathroom wall , squeezing my eyes shut .
tr	PRES	Soft thumps on the ground as the rabbits hop around .
tr	PRES	She stands across from me in front of the engine .
tr	PRES	Fox opens the door before Rian does , and steps out into the hallway .
tr	PAST	While death was clearly not an option , he feared this child , though there was no obvious logic to that fear .
tr	PRES	" You Ok Mary ? "
tr	PAST	I faked a smile as they reached the table , trying to pretend I didn 't know what had just happened .
tr	PAST	" One of those guys thanked me with a hotel . "
tr	PRES	If it circled all the way back around , it would have been at least a year , " she explains .
tr	PRES	They patrol in squads of three , so you 're talking about battling three Third Earth , very powerful warriors , each with an identified weapon .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply before his eyes flashed to red .
tr	PRES	The AC stands for Active Channel .
tr	PRES	It also occurs to me , Prince , that we must soon learn their heathen tongue if we are to survive . "
tr	PAST	Just as Julian had been engulfed the night before , now the flames crawled up my skin , wrapping my limbs and torso in a fiery cocoon .
tr	PAST	She doubted there was time enough in this lifetime or in a dozen more for all her questions to be answered .
tr	PRES	" Kelly , God loves you .
tr	PAST	The other two fanned out either side and edged forward .
tr	PAST	I clutched it as if my entire existence of being depended on it .
tr	PAST	The driver beeped and stuck up a middle finger , but she shrugged it off .
tr	PRES	The idea of having no control over my life terrifies me to my core .
tr	PAST	Anna threaded her fingers through Jamie 's .
tr	PRES	I assume you 'll want it for your friends ? "
tr	PAST	Maddie sensed that Jack wanted to comment , but she could only remain stone-faced , her eyes transfixed on the screen .
tr	PAST	All that silken hair was strewn out on our bed , a single bare shoulder exposed where she rested on her side , facing me .
tr	PAST	As it drew closer , I cringed and wished I 'd hidden on the front porch .
tr	PRES	None of this changes how I feel about you .
tr	PAST	The green and rolling fields of Idris and its endless blue sky , pierced by the towers of the Glass City .
tr	PRES	Her gaze falls to the side , like she can 't look me in the eye , which is weird for Mel .
tr	PRES	But then his face clouded over and he shook his head .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , you silly goose .
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	She ran through the rain , her shoes soaked , slipping on the wet sidewalks , splashing through puddles as she crossed the street .
tr	PRES	If she couldn 't get love right after how many tries , how could I ? "
tr	PRES	" Did you feed ? "
tr	PRES	He lies back down on his back and fixes his eyes on the stars , growing quiet .
tr	PAST	In an instant , it crumpled to the ground .
tr	PRES	Freyja 's eyes flare for a moment but she remains silent staring at Kol awaiting his decision .
tr	PAST	Furthermore he trusted her judgment .
tr	PAST	I shuffled closer to Davis when a succubus brushed past me , a little too close for it to have been an accident .
tr	PAST	Calling Matt back into his office , he outlined the counter requests for the negotiations .
tr	PAST	' I organized the attack .
tr	PRES	" In North Carolina . "
tr	PRES	But by then it won 't matter , 'cause these boys 'll be pushing up sagebrush .
tr	PAST	He produced the jiffy bag of cash , opened it , pulled out a neat pile of thousands and laid it on the desk .
tr	PAST	" Quick up here , " he motioned towards the tree as he knelt .
tr	PAST	' Wait here , ' the nurse instructed the detectives as she exited , the drink having been left on the table by the bed .
tr	PAST	After just a few minutes , he sensed that she was close , and that got him so excited he almost ruined it for her .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed in a low tone , catching another curious look from the Sentinel 's health columnist .
tr	PAST	JD eyed the book , then Nick from beneath lowered brows .
tr	PAST	He presses a hand to his chest .
tr	PAST	I inched as silently as possible to the doorframe and poked my head out into the hall .
tr	PRES	" A whale ? "
tr	PRES	The steady pulse from the EKG begins to increase again .
tr	PRES	" Cam , how far ? "
tr	PAST	I prayed that she would be surprised , that she hadn 't somehow already figured it out .
tr	PAST	" Big headphones screw up your hair . "
tr	PAST	She instinctively slowed down , keeping her footfalls soft on the cool tile .
tr	PRES	As her grip on sanity loosens , she sees many bizarre past , present and future things ... real , or imagined ?
tr	PRES	Emily realized she 'd given herself away and tore her gaze off him , her cheeks fiery with embarrassment .
tr	PRES	' A hero ? '
tr	PAST	A single vent in the ceiling provided the only breeze , and a frigid one at that .
tr	PRES	Devon strokes her hand as he speaks .
tr	PRES	Maybe that 's how she got her name , ' cos you could have sworn her stomach was crammed full of soap .
tr	PAST	First , you fogged that guy with bug poison and then you stole four purses .
tr	PAST	He stiffened , as if he himself had taken a blow .
tr	PRES	" I cant . "
tr	PAST	His words replayed again and again in her head while she waited in silence for him to return .
tr	PAST	I stiffened at the thought .
tr	PRES	Concern fills his voice .
tr	PRES	" When I find a challenge , I devote myself to it . "
tr	PAST	He limped slightly as he grabbed their bags again and disappeared upstairs without having uttered a single word .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , to hold back the bubble of hysteria starting up my throat .
tr	PRES	Reece hugs me again .
tr	PAST	At once she felt incredibly sad and knew she was catching Gabriel 's sorrow , so intense it washed through him like a turbulent storm .
tr	PAST	" Let them stake a claim , " she advised .
tr	PRES	" Sounds good , captain ... where are they ? "
tr	PAST	Matthew dusted off his shirt .
tr	PRES	The structure brings a lot of interaction with each other and enhances social integration .
tr	PRES	He chuckles then pecks her cheekbone then grins with mischief .
tr	PAST	Tiny paper fibers glowed on the glass , backlit by the fluorescents , but there they were : flakes of West 's blood .
tr	PRES	' No single releases .
tr	PAST	I much preferred my own posters and models of planets , galaxies and nebulae , no matter how geeky they were .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and I step inside .
tr	PRES	Two days later they arrive at their destination .
tr	PAST	When the room quieted , he dared to peek over the edge of his blanket .
tr	PAST	She clutched a wand in her right hand and held it out toward the severely damaged car .
tr	PAST	When she stood , hell bent on cleaning up , the room swirled for a second .
tr	PAST	Actually , I preferred my town house , a soulless rental .
tr	PRES	Dim lighting shone in the corridor beyond the cubicle .
tr	PAST	Gradually her trembling subsided , but she didn 't push him away .
tr	PRES	" Ask Paul to take you , " Agnes scolded , at the foot of the stairs .
tr	PAST	Quickly , Rachel collected all the papers and evidence they now had .
tr	PRES	Tully , tell me if it 's safe for me to talk to you , " she begged .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could leave them a small surprise , or gesture of friendship , " I mumbled to myself .
tr	PRES	The sun winks across the surface of the lake .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Then he squinted up at the sky .
tr	PAST	' I resigned from the ministry .
tr	PRES	" I knew you were still in there , " he whispers and steps back from the bed .
tr	PAST	They threaded their way to the back deck and stopped cold .
tr	PRES	My dad loves talking . "
tr	PRES	" You mistook me for someone else ? "
tr	PRES	Very gentlemanly of him , but there was no sense in his soup getting cold while I wrapped up my call with Jude .
tr	PAST	" No , they did not , " he stated .
tr	PRES	But hey , Emerson 's eighteen now , and has the ID to prove it .
tr	PRES	" We belong together .
tr	PRES	No trees fel on him , no swarms of foot-long bugs .
tr	PRES	" What the fudge ... " Rosa grabs and drags my forearm with a little pain towards the end of the hallway .
tr	PAST	" A Painted House " And to my left , cutting low through the cotton and escaping like a thief , was Cowboy .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around myself , hating that Jack gave up what we had to help his father .
tr	PAST	" And the plague , " Christine chimed in .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed with a fire from the past and the ancient desk split in two .
tr	PAST	MBA for the Mafia Kunal Sharma Copyright 2014 by Kunal Sharma Smashwords Edition MBA for the Mafia Copyright © 2014 by Kunal Sharma .
tr	PRES	And his worst nightmare .
tr	PAST	They piled in , and strapped on their harnesses .
tr	PRES	" A shame . "
tr	PAST	You charged porn to my credit card ? "
tr	PRES	Prewitt frowns , shaking his skull .
tr	PAST	Blake on the other hand was ready to push me off the road , I proved him wrong .
tr	PAST	Pythagoras merged the mythological and the scientific .
tr	PAST	" He 's said nothing to make me think what you say is true , " she stated calmly .
tr	PAST	" You 're insane if you think we 're leaving without you , " Vee stated firmly .
tr	PAST	She grunted at him , and sat up .
tr	PAST	Drusilla awoke that night , surprised to realize she had fallen asleep .
tr	PRES	Elliott stands in the doorway .
tr	PRES	He really likes classic rock . "
tr	PRES	Then she lets her outer clothes fall onto the blanket , revealing an equally brief variegated green print bikini , with a pattern reminiscent of palm fronds .
tr	PRES	What about you Davila ?
tr	PRES	Loud engine , loud exhaust .
tr	PAST	She remarried fairly quickly , had three children by her second husband , who then drowned in a canoeing accident .
tr	PRES	" She ... misses me ? "
tr	PAST	Jin awoke to see it was dark out .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , lots of them , " Tori lied again .
tr	PAST	Aria stiffened and stared hard at Noel , daring him to laugh too .
tr	PRES	Never can you look at the things no one ever sees Shaded by your light .
tr	PRES	She presses her thumb tighter against my hand .
tr	PRES	Two loud piercing bangs in quick succession brought her to her feet .
tr	PRES	It tastes like grape juice , and I was dying for a drink . "
tr	PAST	It was actually a way to force me to return but earlier , George and I handled that blood soul who tortured the pets .
tr	PAST	He inched closer , chasing the tears away with his thumb .
tr	PRES	Directly ahead , surrounded by spurting fountains , an enormous stone sculpture depicted some bizarre form of abstract art .
tr	PRES	" And what brings you here to our humble town , little sheep . "
tr	PRES	" Under what pretenses ? "
tr	PRES	' At least at the movies . '
tr	PAST	He unfolded it and immediately started reading the flowing script .
tr	PRES	Butterfly chills tickle me from the inside .
tr	PAST	A nearly immortal being , once worshipped as a god .
tr	PRES	She sees something descending towards her and decides that she 'll make her break once she determines what it is .
tr	PRES	Panic washes over me .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Elena ... " Waves of sleepiness were overcoming her .
tr	PRES	His smooth skin slides over my bare waist as he kisses me harder .
tr	PAST	Ginette propped her arm on the steering wheel and peered at her in the dark car .
tr	PRES	Except from A Deadly Distance Chapter 1 December 19 , 2004 Six feet .
tr	PAST	The last of my kind , all that I ever loved destroyed by those in the suits .
tr	PRES	" Including Mr E ? "
tr	PAST	Her words slurred together .
tr	PRES	The Minister of Product Control rises on his tracks and springs .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and went paler than pale .
tr	PAST	Monday 18th June 1984 After a weekend of big gigs and impressive T-shirt sales the band awoke intent on shipping off to the next city .
tr	PAST	" I think you cheat , " I announced , mounting the steps .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the fence .
tr	PAST	Again Miquel writhed , fingers twisting in my hair as he held my head to him and encouraged me to feed .
tr	PRES	' And what about you , Frances ? '
tr	PRES	" Aria likes a guy ? "
tr	PRES	As Trajan begins to fall to the ground with Isaac 's hand still inside his chest , his form begins to change .
tr	PAST	The earl pitched forward suddenly , his grip on his Beta the only thing that managed to keep him upright .
tr	PRES	He rebuilt the fire and poured water into the pot to heat .
tr	PAST	I ditched the ball and watched it slip through the hoop without touching the sides .
tr	PRES	He exhales one last time and then he is gone .
tr	PAST	Part of me cringed , acknowledging the vulnerability that coursed within me .
tr	PRES	Abraham and Ramon sat cross-legged in the shade of the tractor , their backs resting against the tall , thick tire .
tr	PAST	" Cockburn Town , Grand Turk , " he stated confidently .
tr	PAST	Another sixty seconds crawled by like a glacier creeping down a valley .
tr	PAST	The amplifiers squealed as the microphone was switched on .
tr	PRES	" Occupied power settings should be set at 60 percent power for Human Sleep , it states here , and 75 percent power for Human Activity .
tr	PAST	Everything slowed as the image of Tristan floated across my vision .
tr	PAST	They hauled ass to the edge of the lot and dove into a drainage ditch .
tr	PAST	The gloves she wore were so old and thin , they only provided the illusion of fabric .
tr	PAST	He rotated one finger around in a circular motion , signaling Paul to roll down his window .
tr	PRES	By the way , should I get her some medicine ? "
tr	PRES	When Crocodile Boots went into a room , I snuck into the one next to it .
tr	PAST	He withdrew until he was poised at her entrance again , slick with her juices .
tr	PRES	Any distraction helps . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , no , your Highness .
tr	PRES	My heart , my soul , all of me belongs to you for the rest of our lives . "
tr	PRES	I lean my head against his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Those lonely alcoholic women , and men who hang around street corners .
tr	PRES	A few people mumbled agreement .
tr	PRES	We shout and whoop it up with every capture .
tr	PRES	" You are still the best , " she beamed .
tr	PRES	" Only if you promise to take a walk with me afterward .
tr	PRES	I smack my free hand against my forehead .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat thinking someone was in the cells , left trapped after the zombie attack .
tr	PRES	" Ah , that explains the missing cups . "
tr	PRES	So his bluntness throws me off .
tr	PRES	They surround him like sharks giggling , laughing and flirting .
tr	PAST	" I anticipated that , but speaking of the search , there 's something that occurred to me about Hamilton .
tr	PAST	Her house shoes shuffle across the concrete floor eerily , like a zombie wandering aimlessly across a desolate room .
tr	PAST	We captured them before they could do any permanent damage , then collapsed the tunnel .
tr	PRES	" That army deserves the demonstration , not the city .
tr	PRES	He shimmers into spirit form and moves from the wall .
tr	PRES	We 're not talkin ' ' bout smooth woman 's man passes either .
tr	PAST	Hugo awaited the applause his explanations often received .
tr	PRES	" His personal assistant ? "
tr	PRES	" There remains a fundamental flaw to your reasoning . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't know what to say , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	The oddity labeled him cursed and made him an outcast .
tr	PAST	They both scoffed at that , but it earned my welcome , and Vanessa beckoned us forward .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand .
tr	PAST	I marveled at how much Alexander enjoyed his food .
tr	PAST	Some were being chased .
tr	PRES	A guy around my age glances up from his cards and then takes a sip of his drink .
tr	PAST	Peregrine Pratt , not wishing to be left out , concurred .
tr	PAST	Would you rather I lied ? "
tr	PRES	He tries to bite Uriel in the arm and on his wrists .
tr	PAST	" You 're thinking about it right now , Emma , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	" Never mind , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" President Snow used to ... sell me ... my body , that is , " Finnick begins in a flat , removed tone .
tr	PRES	If I changed my name would these memories fade ?
tr	PRES	" Don 't leave me , " I begged .
tr	PRES	I retort self-conscious enough .
tr	PAST	Harsh tones boomed down the phone and into her brain .
tr	PRES	The wolves bent over their fallen prey .
tr	PAST	Colin 's hand froze then changed directions and without fear of the hissing cat , he stroked its head .
tr	PAST	Grace stifled a yawn and resisted the urge to look at her watch .
tr	PRES	Even with all their laughter , he hears a familiar sound .
tr	PRES	It enraged me , but I was determined to find you .
tr	PAST	Lina caressed her stomach and gave it a little nudge , hoping to rouse the dreaming babies inside .
tr	PAST	He lounged across one side of the booth , looking as arrogant and relaxed as a big gorgeous cat , and listened peaceably as Elena talked .
tr	PAST	Billy steered the conversation .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips .
tr	PAST	I watched him leave and their subsequent exchange with interest : he approached the woman , she stiffened and stood .
tr	PRES	An aide reaches for my backpack .
tr	PRES	He falls forward , limp .
tr	PAST	Probably cost at least twice maybe three times what they would on the normal market . "
tr	PRES	Did he arrive on time ? "
tr	PRES	There are many classes of rockets , J stands for Juggernaut .
tr	PRES	Mark disconnected the call and looked over at Gillette .
tr	PAST	His tongue invaded her mouth , mastering her , controlling her with the desire he was igniting inside of her body instead of by brute strength .
tr	PAST	A trip down the hall resulted in female neighbors eyeing him like fresh meat .
tr	PRES	The red glare shone out and was extinguished .
tr	PAST	Ashley chided and rolled her eyes at her cousin 's dramatics in dismissal .
tr	PAST	His hands froze on the open lid of the foot locker .
tr	PRES	Seal Clapper whispers back .
tr	PAST	We shuffled and dragged ourselves into the ecstatic and jostling horde that were coming to the shaft from all directions .
tr	PRES	The anger in their captain 's voice fills them with fear as they run out from under their shelter .
tr	PRES	I wince at the desperation in my voice , almost panting .
tr	PAST	She exited his office , intending to go to her own office and get her coat and purse .
tr	PAST	At that moment one of the courtiers near the throne collapsed to the ground like a rag doll .
tr	PRES	You can 't leave Rachel , she loves you .
tr	PAST	Eyes wide with fear , they inched away , almost falling off of the curb into oncoming traffic as I got within arm 's reach of them .
tr	PAST	They established a combination Immigration Service and Customs Inspection .
tr	PAST	With even the wind dying low , the silence beyond the city engulfed my quaking form , soon magnifying itself over my sobs .
tr	PRES	" What brings you two to New Orleans ? "
tr	PRES	I probably underestimate him because he lives with his grandmother .
tr	PAST	Everyone abandoned the truck and dove into the rushing river of frenzied people .
tr	PAST	" Energy is at sixty percent and rising " Power reported , " we will have full locomotion coinciding with completed repairs " .
tr	PRES	" Only the supplies we have for trade .
tr	PRES	He holds out a cashew for her , and she opens her mouth like a baby bird so he can pop it in .
tr	PRES	He hears the twins crying , but he cannot find them .
tr	PAST	Her eyes lingered on the back of Vann 's head for a moment .
tr	PAST	The guards pursued after the fleeing men while John stopped and surveyed the grounds .
tr	PRES	" Radioactivity , toxic chemical concentrations , unstable construction , predatory gangs -- " " And an ongoing breeding ground for more disease , " Conway added .
tr	PAST	Bye , bye birdie , lizard thingy . "
tr	PRES	Would you settle for a piggyback ride ? "
tr	PRES	" What wolves ? "
tr	PRES	* * * * Arriving back at the office , Steve sees that Godzilla is already in with the principal .
tr	PRES	In his pathetic little attempts to understand his own condition , he awakened something else that scared the dickens out of him . "
tr	PRES	" You 've done more than enough , Mr. Big Hands , " I mutter under my breath .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to chomp and chew up as much of him as she could .
tr	PAST	She yawned broadly and let her eyelids flutter closed as he stroked his hand up and down her arm .
tr	PRES	Tina swears a lot of things .
tr	PAST	Mike slapped his armrest hard .
tr	PAST	I think I burst you out of the mania you glided through that day .
tr	PAST	he slurred without lifting the brim of his hat .
tr	PRES	You did say he was cute , " Livvy points out .
tr	PAST	She crawled through her doorway , flicked her fin , and slammed the door shut .
tr	PRES	" What about the portal creation ?
tr	PAST	Randolph lied , plastering on his best smile .
tr	PAST	He also proposed that he come in civilian clothes and not drive his squad car .
tr	PAST	She squealed into the microphone , making everyone wince from the reverb .
tr	PAST	He crawled over my body on all fours , so that he wasn 't actually touching me , but he could see my face .
tr	PAST	She just acted as lookout and slid into the passenger side when the engine roared to life .
tr	PRES	Wow , sounds tempting , but no .
tr	PAST	I doubted he 'd ever lost the first batch of fury .
tr	PRES	Mairi mumbled , " Because I think I might have found the man I 'm meant to live happily ever after with . "
tr	PAST	He experienced dampened spirits .
tr	PAST	Willow inhaled and coughed when Bane finally released her .
tr	PAST	Johnny crouched in close .
tr	PRES	Fear tries to hold my curiosity hostage , but it isn 't strong enough .
tr	PRES	A million bucks ? "
tr	PRES	Working with Gramps pops into my head .
tr	PAST	Markman dared another step but quickly froze .
tr	PRES	The envoy holds up a hand , palm outward , as if to catch the shocked and angry outbursts from our friends on the Haven 's Council .
tr	PRES	" He can 't know , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Leif smacked his forehead as it sunk in -- everything was in shadow .
tr	PRES	" It 's like she 's timing her kata to the drum beat , " Tabby awed .
tr	PAST	She received our information with a reptilian indifference , not even bothering to take her eyes from her mirror .
tr	PAST	" Hey there , cutie , " she crooned softly .
tr	PRES	I drag his heavy body from the standing horses .
tr	PAST	She froze , her hand on the knob , all the blood draining from her face .
tr	PAST	He stifled the quick flare of guilt and stepped into the group of men to speak .
tr	PAST	She looked up at me , then scoffed , " Well hello , Benjamin .
tr	PAST	" Good idea , " Keller yawned .
tr	PAST	She jabbed an angry finger at him , stopping just shy of touching his chest .
tr	PAST	Adele 's flush deepened and she raised painfully self-conscious eyes to lock unwaveringly on his .
tr	PAST	Her golden hair , normally straight , bounced on her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Then Toto powered off the ground , launching into the air .
tr	PRES	He slides behind the wheel as I get into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	He sped up but finally released her throat .
tr	PRES	She reaches for my hand but I recoil .
tr	PRES	" Now if you 'll excuse me captain I 'll introduce you to the others a little later . "
tr	PRES	Chuck stops in front of the counter and throws me a wink .
tr	PAST	A disheveled figure emerged from the chute and was roughly grabbed by the Hunter who , Sally could tell , was furious .
tr	PRES	" Alex , it 's me , Gemma .
tr	PRES	He stands behind me as I face the desk and I can feel his warm breath on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	She stops what she is doing and looks at me in surprise .
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the pages that had some numbers till she reached the part about Cooper Industries ' plan for restoring Lake Blue Leaf .
tr	PRES	Clutching at her chest , she points toward the dresser .
tr	PRES	Always compare to the placebo .
tr	PRES	Then she begged and pleaded with Esme to cooperate .
tr	PRES	We salute you . "
tr	PAST	This time the song provoked shrieks of laughter , the source of which soon burst into the room .
tr	PRES	" When I read your note , I freaked .
tr	PRES	Because he 'd turned away , his voice sounded muffled as he said , " Your dad loves you , and he was scared . "
tr	PRES	I exhale and lean into the hard back rest of the roughly roped individual tree branches comprising the rest of the upright uncomfortable student chair .
tr	PRES	You shrinks are all alike !
tr	PAST	But the ancestors countered the Circle 's defense with an even stronger attack , breaking down their protective barrier .
tr	PAST	Only a little worry lingered in his glance at Cole .
tr	PAST	" There are no grain shortages , " he rumbled .
tr	PAST	The whole thing exploded !
tr	PRES	They swarm around her .
tr	PRES	Shelton puffs on the cigar hanging from the corner of his lips .
tr	PAST	As the wave subsided , she vomited again and again , a horrible retching sound that seemed to reverberate through the clearing .
tr	PAST	" And I never stole the necklace from you ; your grandmother stole it from me . "
tr	PRES	" Is it Mia ? "
tr	PRES	Bow in hair , fresh and fragrant as warm bread , fresh milk , strawberries .
tr	PRES	He flashes her a smile again .
tr	PRES	Panic rises from the pit of my stomach because I 'm not sure .
tr	PAST	She quickly regained her composure and wiped the tears from her cheeks with the back of her hand .
tr	PRES	" But not all of us , though , eh ? "
tr	PAST	As Keisha considered the cards in her hand , she tugged the sleeves of the thick wool sweater , pulling it taut across her full tits .
tr	PRES	He opens my door but before I get in , he wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me to him in a tight embrace .
tr	PAST	Tara still blamed me for my parent 's divorce .
tr	PRES	The falling star begins to move about in a strange manner .
tr	PRES	" What in the world , " she breathes as she rocks me .
tr	PAST	" They might , " Susan said , " For a little while , anyhow .
tr	PRES	His laughter draws Des and Blaze 's attention .
tr	PAST	An odd squeak emerged .
tr	PAST	Kay regarded Wanda 's appearance .
tr	PRES	Mr. Saunders lets me control his wardrobe , but the female stuff is so much more fun . "
tr	PRES	" By God ... you witch ! "
tr	PAST	Percival navigated through them even as more stones fell from the sky around him .
tr	PAST	I watch , mesmerized as he steps out of the briefs that are straining to hold in his erection .
tr	PRES	Forest and rocky hills surround the rest for as far as I can see into the mighty rays of the dawn .
tr	PAST	The smoke swirled around her and she felt the heat from the flames at the back of the cabin .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't play with your stuff , " he mumbled , his face red .
tr	PAST	I froze when I saw Amber standing just inside .
tr	PAST	" I wouldn 't do that if I were you , " he taunted .
tr	PAST	I sped up , pumping even harder to get away .
tr	PRES	" In other words , the human Arron 's looks actually belong to a real human who 's kept here in Aviary ?
tr	PAST	He tugged her against him , wrapped her in his arms , gazed down at her with infinite affection .
tr	PAST	It glowed in the clear morning sun .
tr	PRES	Standing at the front of the room , in front of these students , my world shrinks .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PRES	He whispers back something to her , and she hollers back to him , " Yes , I 'm certain !
tr	PAST	She crumpled and rolled onto the soft ground .
tr	PAST	When they arrive , the kids cheered after looking at Lea .
tr	PRES	" It 's ready Jacque , " Isabelle states , loving the laughter that is in her home .
tr	PAST	As you all know , my father trusted my husband , and loved him like his own son .
tr	PAST	An egg-shaped vehicle with a wraparound windshield floated slowly by with two passengers in it .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and pat her leg .
tr	PAST	" Of course , he crawled over there as soon as he came to his senses . "
tr	PRES	The giant never forgave Anon for that .
tr	PRES	Like biting into a rich juicy peach and finding it tastes like an apple .
tr	PAST	She shuffled back toward the Highlands .
tr	PRES	" You are in good health and good humor , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	There are two people in the room , I sensed it .
tr	PAST	She wagged a finger at Dorothea .
tr	PAST	The surface of the water bounced up and down , turned left and right , unaware of what it was doing , unable to care either way .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his own clothes and got into bed beside her , pulling her against him .
tr	PAST	The intercom buzzed and Cheryl , their receptionist piped through .
tr	PAST	Time slowed , and the moment became heady , rich with possibility .
tr	PRES	" Simple , " Shelly answered before Emma could respond , " Finish what that other lady started . "
tr	PRES	" Not identical twins .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , thrusting his tongue far inside the recesses of her mouth .
tr	PAST	Her touch jolted through his body , set his heart pounding , and heated the blood in his veins .
tr	PRES	Terrell flashes the rest of us a funny expression and then grabs the book out of Wes 's hands .
tr	PRES	Crewe returns with a large cardboard box that he plops behind me .
tr	PRES	She strokes my cheek as a tear rolls down hers .
tr	PRES	Two great pitches later and the umpire barked , " Strike three ! "
tr	PAST	She tugged on his towel and the next moment nothing stood between them .
tr	PRES	" A scratch ? "
tr	PRES	The king glances up .
tr	PAST	Captain Tate presses a few more buttons , wincing in pain .
tr	PAST	I soon established a pleasant daily routine .
tr	PAST	Mary Alice preferred a small cottage in Maine near the ocean where she could read Thoreau and sing at sunset without anyone telling her to stop .
tr	PAST	I created that formula .
tr	PRES	The storm likes that .
tr	PAST	Simon 's frown deepened a little more .
tr	PRES	His voice rises on the last words , and his glare at Pete grows even fiercer .
tr	PAST	The otter jolted upright to attention and then watched as Tarik walked to the wall where the others had started their race .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER SIXTEEN It had taken Allan two months by pony and then birch bark canoe to reach York Factory on the lower end of Hudson 's Bay .
tr	PRES	' But the hobbits ! '
tr	PAST	" They accused you of calling him ? "
tr	PAST	" Promised me someday he would . "
tr	PAST	Her curly dirty blonde hair bounced with her every step .
tr	PAST	He stated as he stared at the picture .
tr	PRES	He reaches up , brushing my hair away from the back of my dress so he can find the zipper .
tr	PRES	screamed Jane suddenly , overcome with a sensation of nightmare , and made a dash for the door .
tr	PAST	What the fuck , Evangeline ? "
tr	PAST	He adjusted his backpack straps , " Are you all ready to go ? "
tr	PAST	He rinsed his hands and dried them on a towel .
tr	PAST	When it finally faded enough for him to take a regular breath , he thanked her quietly and hung up the phone .
tr	PRES	" The more time passes , the stronger she 'll become , until she fully manifests , and I can 't predict when that will happen . "
tr	PAST	Hugo tensed , staring into the distance .
tr	PAST	I pinched my nose to relieve the pressure .
tr	PAST	I hopped off the tailgate and , clipboard in hand , jogged toward the deputies .
tr	PRES	A woman approaches and flops down on the blanket next to Luca .
tr	PRES	Tears prick my eyes , and I inhale deeply , willing them back .
tr	PRES	A glimmer of tears shone in her eyes and turned her face soft .
tr	PAST	A sidewalk split from the one we were on , leading to the garage .
tr	PAST	Angry , she backtracked down the hall to her own office .
tr	PAST	" Don 't stop loving me , " he begged her , even though it wasn 't fair to ask her for this .
tr	PRES	Guilt tries to push its way back in , but I shove it away .
tr	PAST	" You ruined my wedding , " she accused .
tr	PAST	At first it tickled and she struggled not to giggle and pull her feet away .
tr	PRES	" Oh ... " I mumbled , " I just went to the back of the room . "
tr	PRES	His voice splits the air and my stream of consciousness in one movement .
tr	PRES	His loud emphasis on the word crusader , followed by a pause , signals the supporters to explode again into cheers .
tr	PRES	Gordo pants loudly behind me , and I 'm still dizzy , and not very steady on my feet .
tr	PRES	" Who visits the Black Tower ?
tr	PRES	If you can tell me who you work for I 'll leave you alone until the police arrive . "
tr	PAST	I dreamed about soothing colors .
tr	PRES	He also likes to borrow money -- lots of it .
tr	PAST	Aiden immediately stiffened , obviously caught off guard .
tr	PRES	Nathan holds up his hands in apology , but he doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	A breathy gush of surprise , then a burst of anxious concern .
tr	PAST	A corner of her mouth tipped up .
tr	PRES	He plays right along with whatever she wants .
tr	PAST	" It may be the best thing if I dropped you at a hotel , " he persisted .
tr	PAST	She feared she 'd be replaying that several nights in a row in her dreams .
tr	PRES	It matches her eyes , and you know it is Lord Reyes 's favorite color . "
tr	PRES	In fact this whole ranch belongs to our family . "
tr	PRES	You , Sheriff , who wear that badge with a straight face ? '
tr	PAST	Caleb 's lips curved in a sympathetic smile .
tr	PAST	He sensed Fang coming up behind him in wolf form .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " I mutter , glancing around uneasily .
tr	PAST	Blaine served himself a plate and popped open a Pepsi from the fridge .
tr	PRES	His tone carries doubt as he scoops the football off the grass .
tr	PAST	" Turkey sandwiches with lettuce and tomato on whole wheat .
tr	PAST	Libby 's voice suddenly pierced the static .
tr	PRES	And just that easily , I yield control .
tr	PAST	Kaspar stormed into my room and glared , his eyes a bottomless black .
tr	PAST	" Gossip , affairs with married men , and at least a couple of miraculously dismissed civil law suits .
tr	PRES	When all evil things of earth and air and water held revel .
tr	PAST	Instead , I sought my peace on the beach .
tr	PAST	" I never lied to you . "
tr	PAST	Jessica sniffed the knife and caught a whiff of rubbing alcohol .
tr	PRES	Then she begged for him .
tr	PAST	Another pierced her boot .
tr	PRES	' My unknown agent .
tr	PAST	Twenty minutes later , my cell phone buzzed and an unfamiliar number with a New Jersey area code popped up on the screen .
tr	PAST	Gia dramatically exhaled and Corrado glanced in the rearview mirror in just enough time to see her turn her stubborn eyes back out the side window .
tr	PRES	' Mistress Pol ? '
tr	PRES	I chew on the inside of my lip and watch him .
tr	PRES	" The donuts ! "
tr	PRES	" She begins to obey me .
tr	PRES	After Julia arrives she talks to Pierre .
tr	PRES	Barnes likes to abuse his power . "
tr	PRES	Tell them to ... evacuate .
tr	PRES	" But ... " The word falls and hits the ground , traveling a trajectory of defeat .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know that your sister is not the first Essence to be born to an Essence ? "
tr	PAST	Knowing the snow hid the ice patches , I opted for the bridge .
tr	PAST	I trusted you ! "
tr	PAST	Several minutes passed between each lavish course and the conversation never waned .
tr	PRES	I assume you are here for the scepter , as well ? "
tr	PRES	Or the airport shuttle .
tr	PRES	Daisy stands beside him and leans up on her toes to kiss the corner of his mouth .
tr	PAST	Hasn 't this morning been trying enough without you ruining the afternoon ?
tr	PRES	Sometimes Nick really loves to write .
tr	PRES	Demetri and Alec mumbled between themselves and then Alec spoke .
tr	PRES	She invites them , in a way .
tr	PRES	Beautiful Scotland , the rich country sides and its many people now no longer belong to father or me !
tr	PRES	They just scramble when I try to read them .
tr	PRES	Of course she likes to help people in need .
tr	PAST	In a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words , " Forgive me Lena .
tr	PAST	The information reported by the GPS was not only the address , but also the layout of the building .
tr	PRES	Did the NIL arrive ? "
tr	PAST	He preferred it that way .
tr	PAST	She smacked her palm against her forehead .
tr	PRES	" Do not worry , Lea .
tr	PAST	Just outside DeVries thanked Charlie for his cooperation and surprised him by suggesting they get a cup of coffee .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Delilah revealed .
tr	PRES	" Show them you love me more than your lipstick , " he teased .
tr	PAST	On order , the dogs charged , enjoying this work .
tr	PRES	I lean over and kiss my brother on the cheek , " Go talk to her .
tr	PAST	He shuffled toward the front of the hotel , wiping his hands on a rag and not paying any particular attention to me .
tr	PAST	He washed me again , leaning my near limp body against him .
tr	PRES	He turned and stumbled away from her , his breathing ragged and wracked with sobs .
tr	PRES	Will you teach me , Ric ? "
tr	PRES	He sees in the dark and I am part of the dark .
tr	PRES	" But that 's the lesson you learn , eh ?
tr	PRES	" What about Bert ?
tr	PRES	Seth holds out the spray can .
tr	PAST	But still with boyish dreams , my few romantic ideals of true love still lingered to adulthood .
tr	PAST	Peyton accused in shock . '
tr	PRES	Mr. Garrett glances up , spotting us .
tr	PAST	The big Suburban plunged down the hill , reaching about sixty miles per hour .
tr	PAST	Oh , and you look like a bunny rabbit , Mikhail scoffed .
tr	PAST	The warmth bothered his skin .
tr	PAST	For my sins I served with the Red Army in Afghanistan .
tr	PAST	his wife shrieked as she tugged the paper out from beneath his hand .
tr	PRES	Dad snaps his head up .
tr	PRES	" Although , I think I had better warn you .
tr	PRES	Listen to me Kermit , if you ever see a large shark with a large scar running down his side swim away .
tr	PRES	" Just write it or draw it Dad , it helps if we can see and hear at the same time . "
tr	PRES	" But he loves California more ?
tr	PRES	This thing brings the dead to life . "
tr	PRES	And excuse me for feeling a little ticked off . "
tr	PAST	A moment later Thayer crouched down next to her .
tr	PRES	" Poor Mr. Abstract Painter .
tr	PAST	Elijah handled the car with ease and even sped just a little .
tr	PRES	" Sonia ... " He touches my hair softly .
tr	PAST	When she opened the door to her attic room , she froze .
tr	PAST	The SUV 's tires squealed as it spun around , rushing up behind me .
tr	PRES	Brock deserves all the good in life . "
tr	PRES	But she sees right through me .
tr	PRES	I cal ed , my voice cracking .
tr	PRES	He rips his .45 mm handgun out from the holster hidden by his suit jacket and pulls back the slide .
tr	PRES	He chews on his bottom lip , staring at the spot on my neck where he bit me once .
tr	PRES	A spark of rage flashed in Walt 's eyes , the first emotion other than calm smugness he 'd displayed .
tr	PRES	Then the murder investigation . "
tr	PRES	" Oh my God , please shoot me now , " Katie mumbled from beneath her pillow .
tr	PRES	" Stay in the car ... " Claire whispers from behind me .
tr	PAST	The service advised the house had been ransacked and a police report would be filed .
tr	PRES	He eventually glances toward his house at our brothers .
tr	PAST	Shaking off his morbid thoughts , he willed himself to the nearest city .
tr	PAST	I feared I might lose it at any second .
tr	PRES	Frustrated , Emma clears away a small spot on the bed and sits .
tr	PRES	" If only she had taken this last sip , " Jennie touches the napkin on the table .
tr	PRES	" It 's alright , boy , " I murmur to him .
tr	PAST	Kate 's mind froze , but she kicked on .
tr	PAST	In her nightgown , her dress brushed and hung up , she crawled between the sheets of her bed and stared at the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" Careful , or I might think you 're an optimist , " Rafe teased .
tr	PRES	She opens her throat and pushes out whistles and clicks , then waits for the echo .
tr	PRES	He sat in a chair near the fire Julien had lit in the parlor , his socked feet resting on a stool .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears from my eyes produced by the heat of the tea .
tr	PAST	Darcy froze , hearing warning bells go off in her head .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PRES	He matches my move , shaking leaves to the ground .
tr	PAST	Out of a hole in the wall he produced bundles and bundles of cash .
tr	PAST	Sophie glowed for a second and then was normal .
tr	PRES	He wove through traffic ; his destination embedded in his mind .
tr	PAST	His phone beeped to tell him that he 'd received a text message , but he ignored it .
tr	PRES	" Well , go easy , Sheila ... crap ... I mean , Adela .
tr	PRES	" I 'm Rhoda and we 're here to save you , " she states .
tr	PRES	Katrina announces with enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	Charlie stiffened at that , comprehension dawning over her .
tr	PAST	He slapped the front of my thigh , hard .
tr	PAST	" We split up .
tr	PRES	A nice warm cap helps their temperature control .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply , straightened her shoulders and thrust out her chin .
tr	PRES	" Hot , hours-long sex helps ramp up the adrenal edge for me .
tr	PAST	Neil pondered for a moment .
tr	PRES	" The rebellion fails because it 's too unwieldy and spread out .
tr	PRES	" Don 't touch me , " I hiss .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the green scent of the forest , and she knew .
tr	PAST	He exploded furiously , leaping from his chair , muscles in his jaw rippling like waves on an angry sea .
tr	PAST	The dowager duchess apparently opted for neutrality also , for she chose the other chair for herself .
tr	PRES	Blake closed his eyes , thankful his sunglasses hid the majority of his expressions .
tr	PAST	A little while later , he pulled me closer to the trees and I looked at him , puzzled .
tr	PAST	Liam clasped his hands and exhaled .
tr	PRES	Marcus " Jess I don 't see them .
tr	PRES	' No , ' she whispers , almost sounding like she 's in pain .
tr	PRES	Noah stands near the couch .
tr	PRES	His heart rate speeds up and shortly after , his breath matches it .
tr	PRES	" He lies there all day .
tr	PAST	Celina predicted war would come .
tr	PAST	Her right hand clutched her laptop .
tr	PRES	Still , my body refuses to get used to the booze and late hours .
tr	PAST	All the men touching me tensed again or went very still , even Galen .
tr	PAST	He tugged them off the rest of the way , taking them in one hand .
tr	PRES	My mama likes the orange ones , three for her .
tr	PRES	He holds his gloved hands out over my upturned face , slides them together , and bends the fingers back .
tr	PRES	And it mentions the local ghost story ? "
tr	PRES	" Something from the top shelf , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	Her palms itched , too , just like they always did when she lied to adults .
tr	PRES	He kills all who oppose him , and he prefers ling chi to beheading . "
tr	PRES	" Nana said to tel you she loves you .
tr	PAST	The real world swirled back at her like a cold wind , but Hart merely raised his head and looked down the stairs in impatience .
tr	PAST	Arianna 's shocked whisper barely pierced through the red haze of his fury .
tr	PRES	" Anthony , please just answer the question , " I plead .
tr	PRES	" Doug storms everywhere , " Lila told Keke , " and he 's always dramatic and upset . "
tr	PAST	Every inch of me soaked in the sensation of my bliss .
tr	PRES	And because he was the High Lord , he honored those requests .
tr	PRES	' She likes you . '
tr	PRES	She relaxes and puts more space between us .
tr	PAST	The man shuffled away .
tr	PAST	When we arrived at school , Cheung and I split up to head to our respective lockers .
tr	PAST	Tea crumpled up the weird design and tossed it away .
tr	PRES	He chuckles then winks at her .
tr	PRES	" He just lets me think I 'm managing him .
tr	PRES	He tries to recall a letter or note with such few words that had a larger impact than this one .
tr	PRES	" This world is a mess , " she mutters .
tr	PAST	A silver mist lingered inside it for a second and then shifted and vanished -- the mirror had just been used .
tr	PRES	Kaza cocked his head , " isn 't the hatchling a bit young for this adventure ? "
tr	PAST	" No , " Nicolas persisted .
tr	PRES	" With house elves . "
tr	PAST	Her friend 's eyebrows winged higher .
tr	PRES	The tray slides back , and I am inside the machine .
tr	PRES	" Pollen sometimes affects me that way . "
tr	PRES	" Told you ... " she sings to Serena .
tr	PAST	Watching for a moment to see if any egg was more special than the others , she selected the largest .
tr	PAST	Now it fanned the flames of her desire .
tr	PRES	He frowns and then moves off to the kitchen in his studio apartment to wash his brushes .
tr	PRES	" At least when Lucan was King I didn 't have to worry about him ogling me like a caveman , " she mumbled walking past me .
tr	PAST	He attempted to hide his face from the light but to no avail .
tr	PRES	As the door closes for her to relive her death over and over again .
tr	PRES	He glances down to look at himself as he moves up to the mirror to get a better look .
tr	PAST	Molly hollered , catching me by the arm and dragging me into the kitchen with her .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and I kiss him gently on the lips before I quickly pull back .
tr	PRES	Between exchanging blows with the wolves , she sees Ervin .
tr	PRES	They range from the simple breaking of your ropes to the absurd concept of some deus ex machina .
tr	PRES	West winks as he flicks my paper back at me .
tr	PAST	Mason motioned for Jimmy , and they worked to tip it even a little , straining , pushing toward the middle .
tr	PRES	At last you arrive .
tr	PAST	He tugged me back , causing my knee to hit the table .
tr	PAST	Arousal washed over her , and she jerked her hips forward , seeking to deepen the pressure of his fingertip .
tr	PRES	He points to me and punches a fist toward his face , but he 's grinning when he does it .
tr	PAST	The dragon charged down from the sky right on the statue of Mary with the crown of twelve stars .
tr	PAST	Reid grunted and clutched at his arm .
tr	PRES	' Very astute of him . '
tr	PAST	Amusement tugged at her lips as she admitted that Bessie 's eyes widened further .
tr	PAST	Bones shattered under the force .
tr	PRES	" Oh , God ... " Mad Dog reached for the old man 's wrist .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the floor with a cry , and all the gamblers sprang from their tables , cards flying and drinks spilling .
tr	PRES	I bury my face in my pillow .
tr	PRES	And , as if to prove it , he uses his hold on my arm to pull me in and then shove me backward , hard .
tr	PRES	On the other side of the door , my mother announces to them that she 's got the key .
tr	PRES	As Keller watched , it revved its engine .
tr	PRES	" Then feed me , woman .
tr	PRES	Ava giggles and throws her arms around Rhea 's neck and her legs wrap around her body , holding on .
tr	PRES	More importantly , his sons trusting him to do this through his old company , helps him remarkably . "
tr	PRES	Some of the platforms slope forward ; others are covered with protruding nails from the wooden floor .
tr	PAST	He motioned to an eager young bellboy to come over .
tr	PAST	He announced that he and Noel would be making the rounds to tell their neighbors of the news .
tr	PAST	Her foot glided down his leg back into the water , moonlight sparking fiery glints in her hair .
tr	PRES	" He loves you already .
tr	PAST	As if she was a rag doll , he dumped her into the box and replaced the lid .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his face against my hand .
tr	PAST	Kerry shrieked , racing to Sonia and throwing her arms around her .
tr	PRES	She sighs and then waves before turning to leave .
tr	PRES	A loud crack echoed through the trees as her head collided with the thick bark of the tree , making the forest swim before her .
tr	PAST	Those dark , compelling eyes lingered on her in what felt like a heated caress .
tr	PAST	" Just a bit , " she hedged .
tr	PRES	" This is a briefing , not a discussion , " Aria explains while rising from her chair for emphasis .
tr	PAST	Clouds formed over the Bedouin tent and thunder rumbled across the sky as the dark desert became as bright as midday .
tr	PRES	" You 're not what they think , " he whispers , looking into my eyes like he can see my thoughts .
tr	PAST	It beeped loudly , but he didn 't bother to pick it up .
tr	PAST	Much against her inclination , she sought an income by fancy millinery work which she made for the women in the neighborhood .
tr	PAST	Despite her blunt manner , Cole attempted to answer calmly .
tr	PRES	" Well , of course , Honey .
tr	PRES	What about you Gemma ? "
tr	PAST	And when Isaac burst into the room behind her and placed his arm on Emily 's bare shoulder , their eyes feasted on him , too .
tr	PAST	A large , square window revealed the vast mountain range in the distance .
tr	PRES	" Louis opens locks ? "
tr	PRES	" Not that Link , " she points out once her giggles have subsided .
tr	PAST	Lia and Ari scooted closer on either side of Rachel 's bed and grasped her hands .
tr	PRES	' Oh , come on , Tam .
tr	PRES	I see it in his mind , he wishes you to come . '
tr	PAST	She willed him into the air .
tr	PRES	" There 's no underwear anywhere , " James announces , marching forward into the light .
tr	PRES	This changes my whole perspective on life .
tr	PAST	By the time the pager in my belt loop vibrated a couple of hours had passed .
tr	PRES	He sells the things , but they stay in the back . "
tr	PAST	She tensed but only for a moment .
tr	PAST	" What fort ? "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it matches that bangle you got last week . "
tr	PRES	But , also something to reflect the timeliness of these gardens , their design catering for all seasons and ensuring their visual harmony remains in place .
tr	PRES	" They always exist . "
tr	PAST	You tidied up , made sure the larder was stocked , washed the dishes and took exactly what you were owed from the petty cash box .
tr	PAST	She cowered in Winston 's arms .
tr	PRES	' Don 't jump just yet , Pol .
tr	PRES	" And the donor for the child ? "
tr	PRES	He drew me back , his mouth forceful as it overtook mine .
tr	PRES	That all life begins again . '
tr	PRES	She lands on her hips .
tr	PRES	She mumbled numbers which Abby could not decipher .
tr	PRES	In silence , he winds alongside stacks of hay and beneath tree branches that hang over the back roads .
tr	PRES	" Oh fuck ! "
tr	PAST	A few spots required Tucker to haul Kane up or assist Anya .
tr	PRES	Perry considers asking for another drink , just to calm his nerves .
tr	PAST	Her tone reflected no such thing , but it was amazing to even hear the words emerge from her mouth .
tr	PAST	He named her because he felt no one would have the nerve to approach the Lady to confirm his story . "
tr	PAST	As she walked , she dialed Richard Morrell 's cell phone number .
tr	PAST	She crouched down , hoping that the deck railing would help hide her should the man be heading back to the French doors .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a deep breath .
tr	PAST	Jessica hauled herself in and extended her hand back to Jonathan .
tr	PRES	He flicks them on .
tr	PRES	His smile fades into a look far too serious for a sunny afternoon .
tr	PRES	My body slams into some guy .
tr	PRES	Nina turned right onto Lincoln and sped toward Camelback Mountain , its prominent humps towering over the city .
tr	PAST	Aki exited the bathroom and placed her arm around his .
tr	PAST	Quentin had risked his life in order to make her victory possible , and she desperately wanted to be with him .
tr	PAST	Somehow , Gustav destroyed it or hid it before he left . "
tr	PRES	Scratch , scratch , scratch .
tr	PRES	" It 'll be okay , " Lydia mumbled through her too cold lips .
tr	PAST	He strapped himself into his own boiled leather armor , buckled on his belt , then attached the two parrying daggers to it .
tr	PAST	He regarded himself as a soldier , nothing more and nothing less .
tr	PAST	Gage presses a kiss onto my lips .
tr	PAST	He regarded me solemnly .
tr	PAST	A body just floated up .
tr	PAST	Tom sobbed uncontrollably and stopped fighting as John held him in his arms .
tr	PRES	He lets me sneak sweets and candies to eat , no matter what time .
tr	PRES	Catcher stands up to me . "
tr	PAST	Brick faltered to the hands of time and unstable earth .
tr	PRES	Nadia stands with her back against mine , protecting me .
tr	PAST	So they glided swiftly on .
tr	PRES	The agony holding his body tight kills me .
tr	PRES	My gaze drifts to the ring on my finger , and I know without a doubt that Sean asked me to come here to keep me safe .
tr	PRES	Francesca eventually releases him and gives him a nod .
tr	PRES	Before I can register what 's happening , everything fades to black .
tr	PRES	" That or ... Uh-oh . "
tr	PAST	A flip of her wrist claimed her first head .
tr	PAST	I propped one hand on the wall and pressed the knife against the wall .
tr	PAST	He regarded me coolly .
tr	PAST	Those jewels were slipping through my fingers every second I delayed .
tr	PRES	The rest of you -- retrieve them !
tr	PAST	" I smoked some pot .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " she mumbled under her breath .
tr	PRES	She stands up and quietly walks out of the room , then returns moments later with a small wooden box .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , my friend uses it as a hunting retreat sometimes .
tr	PAST	She reentered the room and found Jake cocooned beneath the blankets and Cael sitting beside him , back against the headboard , and scowling at the iPad .
tr	PAST	one of the Ancients stated .
tr	PAST	Abraham wagged his tail excitedly .
tr	PRES	She opens it widely and the young man gets a most unexpected treat .
tr	PRES	The muscle in his jaw pulses .
tr	PRES	Trystan slides down further in the seat .
tr	PRES	Fortunately nobody sees her .
tr	PAST	This worked , knocking them down , some protected by their bubble field , some staying down with direct head wounds .
tr	PAST	Julie 's heaving breaths rivaled the movement of Kim 's hands .
tr	PRES	" Ugh , " he mumbled as he turned the system off .
tr	PRES	" You already belong to me . "
tr	PAST	" Oh , " she mumbled , dropping his gaze .
tr	PRES	I shone my flashlight down on the silhouette .
tr	PAST	From something so innocuous , the idea exploded in her mind .
tr	PRES	One begins to wonder why you insist we continue this farce at all .
tr	PAST	It only waned slightly and then sprang back to life .
tr	PRES	" So this greater evil .
tr	PRES	Eerie flashes of pictures that framed themselves in mosaics .
tr	PAST	In fact , he doubted the evening coach would even run .
tr	PAST	With those words , the ring of energy surrounding her body exploded in a flash as bright as day .
tr	PRES	" All lies ! "
tr	PRES	Nearby , Mutt glances in my direction , his eyes narrowed , and I can see that he has caught wind of the subject at hand .
tr	PAST	I doubted if awkward , self-conscious , and inept added up to desirable in anyone 's book .
tr	PRES	He opens the door , and I 'm surprised to discover it 's still empty .
tr	PAST	Apparently , Nihil absorbed the blow well , but actually he felt betrayed .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	For a moment Simon simply thanked God that the ground under his feet was steady and the walls weren 't moving .
tr	PAST	" All his underlings reported my every indiscretion to him .
tr	PAST	She shuffled inside and shut the door .
tr	PAST	I doubted he was as uninvolved as all that , but - especially in contrast with my father - the humility was refreshing .
tr	PRES	We all look at each other perplexed by this statement , the glass stops as if waiting for something .
tr	PRES	The motorbike stops a foot away from me .
tr	PRES	Or in Jacob 's case , a worn Air Force T-shirt .
tr	PAST	She pinched her eyes closed and shook her head in defeat .
tr	PAST	Suzy stiffened as Gray walked towards her with a slow , sexy smile .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	He scrawled a hasty message : Sadie in danger .
tr	PAST	Sophie had slapped him across the face .
tr	PRES	Mr. William begged him to punish him instead , and promised he wouldn 't tell his grandparents . "
tr	PRES	Movement changes referential relatives . "
tr	PAST	Mick slapped one hand down hard on the arm of his chair .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Jess .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , and my elbow slipped off the window .
tr	PAST	They downed the dregs of their tea and stood up .
tr	PAST	They described the place and listed all its good points .
tr	PRES	" Well that explains a little about the murders , perhaps , and certainly helps take any heat off of you , Hunter . "
tr	PAST	Gold braid hung over the shoulder and several medals adorned his breast .
tr	PRES	" What kinds of jobs ? "
tr	PRES	" That was so clever and creative , I 'm speechless , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He circled his thumbs on her collarbone .
tr	PRES	" What gods ? "
tr	PAST	She announced her readiness to rejoining the conversation with a question .
tr	PAST	He steered back into the right lane before glancing over at her again .
tr	PAST	With an involuntary smile he swiped the screen to answer the call .
tr	PRES	What r u talkin bout ?
tr	PRES	He snuck around a lot too .
tr	PRES	" This changes everything . "
tr	PRES	" How about two plates of your world-famous breakfast ? "
tr	PRES	" She told me to wait , so I did , " the girl whispers .
tr	PAST	We collapsed into hysterics as Denver attempted to annihilate us with his eyes .
tr	PAST	The jiggle from the door behind us announced we weren 't the only ones running late .
tr	PAST	She knew it , sensed it .
tr	PAST	Scarlett flicked on the kitchen light and walked over to the coffee machine .
tr	PAST	He stomped down the stairs and slammed the door .
tr	PAST	Chey pretended to be absorbed in studying her hands .
tr	PAST	Riva entertained me while we climbed by describing the girl he 'd dreamed about .
tr	PAST	She acted as if he asked her to go murder someone with him for sport or some shit like that .
tr	PRES	He actually trusts you to survive meeting his family .
tr	PAST	He shuffled up the winding wood staircase , where Alejo assumed her slept .
tr	PAST	He threaded his hand through hers and kissed her ring .
tr	PAST	She acted as if she were normal , as if she were strong , but he was beginning to be alarmed again .
tr	PRES	I warn you that I was heaving this morning due to the pregnancy , so I don 't think I can go on much longer today .
tr	PAST	Leaning forward , she flicked one bud with her tongue .
tr	PAST	Despite the cold , all of the tribe attended and a great fire was built in the center of the village .
tr	PRES	He likes to shock people .
tr	PRES	She really helps me to make them exactly what I want them to be .
tr	PRES	Right after that , Torres sees you again when they send him to yet another break-in .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the light in the room shift to the color red and a low mournful alarm begins to sound .
tr	PRES	A sleepless night , but Dan was ready the next morning .
tr	PAST	Pilcher had wrecked the place .
tr	PAST	He stole another piece of chicken .
tr	PAST	Sera willed the horse to go even faster .
tr	PRES	But only for a few throws .
tr	PRES	I arrive back at my apartment and kick off my running shoes into their usual spot .
tr	PRES	" I 'm okay , " Summer mumbled , her eyes still closed .
tr	PAST	The dog collapsed into his lap , nipping and licking at the boy 's sleeve .
tr	PRES	Have you bewitched me ? "
tr	PRES	I exhale and walk past him , plucking the bag of donuts out of his hand .
tr	PAST	Grady swooped down and kissed her before adding , " But I thought you weren 't going to do what we just did . "
tr	PAST	I stated a grin creeping onto my face .
tr	PAST	Willa shrieked , Florence gasped , and I spun , looking around .
tr	PRES	My back arches off the bed .
tr	PRES	" Do not stick a needle in me , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" You will come all over my cock , " he orders as he reaches between us to finger my entrance .
tr	PAST	She experienced a brief twinge of regret that she wasn 't here to visit and get to know the place where her mother had grown up .
tr	PAST	The TV buzzed with an important update in the other room .
tr	PAST	" You sought to keep your nephew safe , yet it was your own actions that dictated his death .
tr	PRES	When Mike and Jake are gone , Ty whispers , " Who the hel was that tool ? "
tr	PAST	The fishermen served fish with garlic and fresh herbs and baked potatoes .
tr	PRES	" To threaten me to leave you . "
tr	PAST	Then he circled the word several times , the pencil biting into the cheap paper .
tr	PAST	The looming thunder clouds boomed and cracked with the same ferocity as my scream , answering the deep , natural call .
tr	PAST	I opted for the road .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	Aria inquired , proud her voice remained strong .
tr	PRES	Truthfully , your father misses you .
tr	PRES	Empty the dishwasher , change the sheets on her bed , vacuum the living room ... .
tr	PAST	The man stated as he addressed the tall young man beside him .
tr	PAST	I scribbled that name , too , and passed it to Jeff .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat back and she got a look at his face .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , now was not the time , she reprimanded herself .
tr	PAST	And so , Bottles revealed the ugly details of life with his surrogate family .
tr	PRES	His mouth twitches in amusement .
tr	PRES	She points it out for me .
tr	PRES	A stranger stands behind you in the checkout line .
tr	PRES	" Uh-huh , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Is Cody here ? "
tr	PRES	" I thought they were my waffles , " I protest .
tr	PAST	At the same time , I prayed that she would be more understanding than I had once been .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	The soldier falls in love with the prostitute wife after a night with her .
tr	PAST	He pondered the necessary details .
tr	PAST	" This is my room , " Gabriel announced solemnly when we approached the last of the small bedrooms .
tr	PAST	What kind of parents destroyed a perfectly good power name like Enchantment and replaced it with Chastity ?
tr	PAST	She freed her hands , hit a button and put the phone to her ear .
tr	PRES	You break my house , you threaten people , you even get hurt yourself .
tr	PRES	" Get in and go in hell , you cheap slut . "
tr	PRES	He holds the book in his hands and considers what I said with bafflement .
tr	PRES	She giggles and I smile .
tr	PRES	" Oh , go fuck off . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , throwing her blonde hair over her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Returning to her dogged solo march , she trudged two steps ahead of him before speaking .
tr	PRES	I 'd say this is pretty bloody amazing all right , " I grumble , sliding his leg from beneath the pew it 's under .
tr	PAST	" The machine absorbed part of its ... personality from its opponents .
tr	PAST	And the agonized lament of the unseen tormented - And then it all stopped .
tr	PRES	She stands , watching over Ethan , and I wonder if she 's even heard me at all .
tr	PRES	" Somebody has to be the first test subject , " he finally announces , looking at Zeph evenly .
tr	PRES	Lisa loves her as a sister .
tr	PAST	Then let me take you out for a drink , ' Oliver announced .
tr	PRES	He returns his gun to Jennifer 's head , reinforces his grip on her arm and begins dragging her away .
tr	PRES	A few hours later , the plane lands in Italy .
tr	PAST	She clasped his wrist , tugging his hand upward again .
tr	PRES	She meticulously applies my makeup .
tr	PAST	I unwound the curl .
tr	PAST	As if I were allergic to the memory , I sneezed again .
tr	PRES	And not just any witch , a very powerful one . "
tr	PAST	uh ... ah , " I mumbled , not knowing how to respond .
tr	PAST	Unless ... I dove into the deep end and went for it .
tr	PAST	The men eyed each other .
tr	PRES	I gape at the city .
tr	PAST	Beside Esmeralda , the Ivory Turtle wept .
tr	PAST	This double identity , followed by the erasure of the old personality definitely warranted further investigation .
tr	PRES	" Plan B. " " Plan B ?
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled and took the bag .
tr	PRES	He stops abruptly and holds up his fist , as he 's done several times in the last ten minutes .
tr	PRES	Nothing brings me more joy than to see a good ending to an event . "
tr	PRES	My heart speeds up , that would not be a good idea .
tr	PRES	" My lady , " Zachary begins , his voice nervous .
tr	PAST	Cassie seized hold of his hand and smiled at him .
tr	PAST	The handle , crafted in the shape of a snake , curved around the palm .
tr	PRES	" Is all this just illusion , Ship ? "
tr	PRES	Several players pile on top and I let out an audible groan at the sight .
tr	PAST	" But it cost us , of course .
tr	PRES	He brings it in on a tray with a cup of coffee and various condiments .
tr	PRES	I fumble then fall on my kneecaps , landing hard on the tile , grunting in pain and dizziness .
tr	PAST	Her sister 's tone brightened .
tr	PAST	I prayed for her to buy a book so I would have to talk to her .
tr	PRES	Maybe it misses a few rungs .
tr	PAST	Pleasure overloaded my nerve endings from the connection to his feelings , driving me to a frenzy .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , June , " I sob as the creature drops against me .
tr	PRES	" However , my job pays the bills and my education will hopefully be able to pay the bills in the future . "
tr	PRES	" I would 've thought you wouldn 't mind the chance to shop for a whole new wardrobe , " Lucas teased .
tr	PAST	she chided , like a grandma .
tr	PRES	The sun no longer shone through the stained glass Butterfly .
tr	PRES	" A family heirloom .
tr	PAST	The surge of rage , of the need for violent action , swirled to the surface .
tr	PRES	My grandmother stops screaming and goes still .
tr	PRES	Carson , Alexei , Daphne .
tr	PRES	She smiled weakly , her body limp from the warm water .
tr	PRES	We streak along the pale gallop , its surface striped with blue shadows .
tr	PAST	" There 's a restaurant I 've been wanting to try , " I lied .
tr	PRES	Lila lets her blonde hair fall into her face to hide her blush .
tr	PAST	He gingerly replaced it in the back seat .
tr	PAST	Colton smacked his hand on the table jokingly , " What happened last night ? "
tr	PRES	Spying the two on the couch , they retreat into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" A hardship ? "
tr	PRES	The Shifters closest to her saw .
tr	PRES	" He loves you , Scar .
tr	PAST	Nino produced another bottle , which , surprisingly , came from just around the corner .
tr	PRES	She tastes like wine and her lips are full and swollen .
tr	PAST	" Turn , " she instructed quietly .
tr	PAST	My muscles tensed , as if my body already knew what to expect .
tr	PAST	He even stated afterward that he wouldn 't have fired under any circumstances .
tr	PRES	" Cherry pie ! "
tr	PAST	We dared not try to take a look , as it would risk our discovery .
tr	PRES	Maybe there ' some mix-up with passes .
tr	PAST	Seeing them , Danika retreated to the wall , realized what she 'd done and stepped forward again .
tr	PAST	Their distraction proved to be my own damnation .
tr	PRES	Van slows beside me as well .
tr	PRES	The longest , worst moment of my life passes as I stare at her .
tr	PAST	She dumped two extra tablespoons into the filter to symbolize her new strength and fortitude and then fed all the animals .
tr	PRES	It draws me to it and makes me want to run into the house .
tr	PAST	Annie collapsed to the floor in mid stride , like a kite that had spilled all of its air at once .
tr	PRES	Deni saw his cock , still dark and hard from what they 'd been doing , black hair crisp at its base .
tr	PRES	He stands up straight .
tr	PAST	Conrad shrieked in dismay .
tr	PAST	Rhi charged before she stalked off .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand .
tr	PAST	The stallion charged to pen her in , and both horses swung straight toward Ainsley .
tr	PRES	" Not until you learn how to balance a tire properly , " Rust throws back .
tr	PRES	I assume that was you ? "
tr	PAST	Brianna shrank away from him .
tr	PRES	You love them , " she explains with a matter-of-fact raised brow .
tr	PRES	Kyle wordlessly removes my glass and pours me another drinks .
tr	PRES	My heart , although still innocent from the love of a woman , offers itself to the Princess . "
tr	PRES	" Here , " I murmur , reaching up to help him .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed , and inhaling a calming breath , Carol forced a smile , walked across the room and opened the door for her ex-husband .
tr	PAST	Janelle cringed and tapped her fingers on her jeans .
tr	PRES	' Of course he loves you !
tr	PAST	It dove right at her .
tr	PAST	" You drugged me ? "
tr	PAST	He stole a slice from me .
tr	PAST	After almost three hours , Joe collapsed , unable to get back up .
tr	PAST	Sniffing , she blotted her cheeks with her sleeve .
tr	PAST	Diego tensed , feeling his gun heavy in his holster .
tr	PRES	Then , gradually , the movements fade .
tr	PRES	The crew is on standby , " Aria states .
tr	PRES	He glares at me with murder in his eyes .
tr	PRES	He stands and grabs the roof .
tr	PAST	The Humvee rocketed toward the highway , churning mud and weeds .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PAST	Janie shuffled forward one more step , and a blast of cold air blew up into her face .
tr	PRES	" Mr Chancellor . "
tr	PAST	I grunted and stepped off the curb just as a car with the windows rolled down turned the corner .
tr	PAST	Kat scooted closer to Kara so she could put her hand on her .
tr	PAST	" Please allow your escorts to blindfold you , " Tarik instructed .
tr	PRES	She stands up and walks to the front door , holding it open for me to follow her out .
tr	PAST	The driving hunger she felt lingered even as she sat up and groggily checked the bedside clock .
tr	PAST	Her index finger scrolled back through the tablet again , fingernail tapping like a blind man 's cane .
tr	PRES	He begins to pace .
tr	PAST	He slowly crawled out , dragging a box behind him .
tr	PRES	The town fades out of sight behind us .
tr	PAST	She probably would have slapped him , and he 'd have deserved it .
tr	PAST	Her family abused the crap out of her .
tr	PRES	Granger 's discomfort begins to fade .
tr	PAST	A wraith swooped down , and their way was cleared .
tr	PAST	Max scooted his chair over to give me some more room and leaned over to whisper , " I 'm glad you guys showed up .
tr	PAST	I squinted and my heart dropped straight to the ground floor .
tr	PAST	" You , boy , " Nolen stated .
tr	PAST	Dorian cocked her head .
tr	PAST	His fingers kinetically circled her throat and lifted her off the dirt floor .
tr	PAST	Before she could touch it , Heisman swooped in and took it with one hand while securing his reading glasses in place with the other .
tr	PAST	Whatever choices he might have made as a free man were no longer his to make .
tr	PRES	I snap at him .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " Julie teased .
tr	PAST	A glance below revealed the ladder 's end sweeping from shore and dragging into the water as they swung out over the river .
tr	PAST	Dr. Clarity doubted , " So simple ? "
tr	PAST	All in all , she bore herself like the queen she was .
tr	PRES	She visits them daily , takes them to appointments , and runs errands for them .
tr	PRES	The teacher stares at me .
tr	PRES	Dale nervously whispers , " Crap , " and yells out , " Hit it ! "
tr	PRES	' Kiss me , Hal .
tr	PAST	Back when the wall had just been built , I painted flowers all over it so the front didn 't have to look boring .
tr	PRES	It helps with the stress . "
tr	PRES	' Please , Pol .
tr	PRES	" Put your hands here , " he whispers in my ear as he leans forward to show me .
tr	PRES	So you swim , huh ? "
tr	PRES	" Stenger loses his gun .
tr	PRES	And on the knee , another one of those impossible orange spheres of light , seemingly growing right out of its skin .
tr	PAST	Simon tipped his head , struggling to understand her .
tr	PRES	Or rather , the place surrounding it .
tr	PRES	I proceed to the bike cautiously , deciding if I should put her in front of me or behind .
tr	PRES	' Probably nothing important though , ' she teased .
tr	PRES	And the contents of these star bal s were so abominable that Damon 's stony exterior final y cracked .
tr	PRES	He winks at Mom .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed and she fumbled in her haste to get to it , her silly heart still stupidly yearning to hear from Damen .
tr	PAST	" Why " required logic .
tr	PRES	Elijah falls asleep as soon as he returns to the hotel .
tr	PRES	He glances meaningfully at the white folder containing my scientific articles .
tr	PAST	" He 's just one of many men available for you to choose from , " Vlad stated with an arch smile .
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed again and Regan gave a grudging nod .
tr	PRES	" Hello , Sidney Johnson here . "
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Ethan lurches towards me , hands outstretched and desperate .
tr	PRES	Appearing in her ghostly form to these people would have , to use your vernacular , freaked them out .
tr	PRES	Whether we go to her or she comes to us , it begins .
tr	PAST	" Drunk and disorderly conduct , " she stated without emotion .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " Lucy demanded Steven .
tr	PAST	" Acquiring positional status of rollers , " Beck informed Sandra , " relaying information to you . "
tr	PAST	I flicked my tongue out and caressed the very tip , just a little bit .
tr	PAST	I exited slowly after storing the diary back in the top of the toilet .
tr	PAST	The Blood in the room regarded one another .
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled deep within his chest , and I watched , transfixed , as drool slid off the tip of a fang .
tr	PRES	" Yes , thank you , " she replied , her voice carefully polite .
tr	PAST	" Got two tests on Friday .
tr	PRES	He throws his arms out to his side to catch her .
tr	PAST	Everyone dove through the opening .
tr	PRES	Stretching it out on her lap , she frowns .
tr	PRES	Liam weaves through the crowd before slipping out the door to the back patio .
tr	PRES	' You idiot ! ' '
tr	PAST	" French Jews , " the man exploded , visibly agitated .
tr	PRES	His hand falls from my shoulder as I rise to my feet .
tr	PAST	Has Mikhail solved the problem of female births , has he been able to cut down on the number of our males turning vampire ? "
tr	PRES	These fuckers drag me down the hallway -- my legs and feet are useless .
tr	PRES	' Waiting for Monica to arrive he approaches her in his full motorbike gear . '
tr	PAST	She scrawled her signature , took the boxes and went back inside the Sunshine .
tr	PAST	" This is not amusing , " Verity announced in regal tones .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned with hot , bitter acid at their obvious heartache and suffering .
tr	PAST	We shuffled off towards home , tired , but on the whole , happy .
tr	PRES	Heart of the People carries the sins of his people so that they may be absolved , so that they may learn peace .
tr	PAST	Everyone tensed at the reminder that their activity was being monitored .
tr	PRES	A large pile of stone fills the center of the room .
tr	PRES	" Bon Chance monsieur le Comte . "
tr	PAST	" Brown , leather-bound , bearing the seal of the Assassins . "
tr	PAST	" Please tell us , " Chris urged with as much breathless admiration for his skills as she could manufacture .
tr	PAST	' Blah blah blah , ' I motioned animatedly with my hands .
tr	PAST	- I hedged my answer , not sure where she might be leading .
tr	PRES	" We all have choices , Janine . "
tr	PRES	" I 've touched it plenty , " I grumble as I stab it with my fork .
tr	PRES	Although , not in ego .
tr	PRES	You think shuffling us off to Donovan clears you ?
tr	PAST	" My body expired , didn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	My energy causes that you feel better .
tr	PAST	Their skin glowed under the angelic garments they wore .
tr	PAST	Usual y. " She adjusted the pack she carried .
tr	PRES	" At what , precisely ? "
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the car the kidnappers are in ? "
tr	PRES	And more damn suspects for the conspiracy mill .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't your freedom worth a hundred grand ? "
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PRES	Makes it feel pretty real , once you get over the fear that it 's gon na malfunction and send you smack into a wall . "
tr	PAST	Faint light glowed up there , barely more than a grayness against the black backdrop .
tr	PAST	A few scoffed and shook their heads .
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	Turns out I need to go help out an old friend this morning . "
tr	PRES	He slides one long finger deep inside me .
tr	PAST	I 'm glad I could help , " Sarah answered befuddled .
tr	PAST	I squealed as the hand on my arm tightened painfully .
tr	PRES	" The orange juice helps .
tr	PAST	The world wavered , and my mouth filled with blood .
tr	PAST	" My , how you can go on , " chimed in Buck .
tr	PAST	Within small white flakes floated and slowly settled almost becoming invisible .
tr	PAST	... panicked , and called me because the idiot I used to call my boyfriend let it slip about who I was .
tr	PAST	Jason stuffed his palm over a yawn .
tr	PRES	" The Narrative clearly states an annunciation by travellers from the future .
tr	PRES	" Girls with crazy boyfriends .
tr	PAST	They exited the alley and came to a wide intersection where two groups of wolves were waiting for them on either side .
tr	PAST	Are you freaked that we took this boat ? "
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on his elbows and stared down at her .
tr	PAST	I retreat into my own thoughts , feeling almost guilty that my guess has come true .
tr	PAST	I visited them often .
tr	PAST	Their absence created obvious voids where once a group had been standing .
tr	PRES	A voice booms from a loud speaker .
tr	PRES	" And you didn 't even get eaten by any horrible creatures , " he teased .
tr	PRES	" And E ? "
tr	PRES	The columns of fire vanish .
tr	PRES	' You pig ! '
tr	PRES	" Everyone passes through you .
tr	PAST	The crystal glowed like my amulets , minus the magic of course .
tr	PRES	" It stands , " said Jack , " if I 'm not breaking moon rocks for burglary . "
tr	PAST	He blamed himself . "
tr	PRES	" Warm seeps ? "
tr	PRES	Beneath my hand , her trembling slows further and then , at last , stops .
tr	PRES	I wipe the sweat off my arm with my hand .
tr	PRES	" The end , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	I always soaked it up in the summer , knowing that I would be wishing for some of its warmth in the dead of winter .
tr	PRES	" You sly little bitch . "
tr	PAST	The glowing eyes vanished from sight once they descended the wall but the bearded hunter sensed the monsters were merely behind unseen rocks and were closing in .
tr	PAST	She leaped , soaring out of the water , arcing over Triton 's trumpet .
tr	PRES	They soar to the air , happy and eager to ruin many lives .
tr	PRES	My mind flashes back to the feeling of the ocean and the power of the violent waves .
tr	PRES	He rises to his legs and paces to the cabin , scenting along the ground .
tr	PAST	Katherine perked up , " No .
tr	PRES	My body begins in on a series of involuntary quivers .
tr	PAST	she inquired , feeling her own need for vengeance coming to fierce life .
tr	PRES	An agitated sigh falls from Link 's lips as he adjusts himself on his saddle .
tr	PAST	The man jabbed his hands inside the opening .
tr	PAST	Now a beautiful shade of magenta , Claire giggled the whole way down the stairs .
tr	PAST	Styx absorbed the low words , well aware that far more was being said .
tr	PAST	" Hi , Celeste , " I said , resigned to the interrogation I knew I would be receiving .
tr	PAST	Together they cleaned and bound her many wounds .
tr	PRES	" You and your dog that talks . "
tr	PRES	One of the production assistants brings me a bottle of water and start 's going over the routine the interview is going to take .
tr	PAST	Rowen wagged her finger at me , narrowing her eyes in a way that gave away she had been spending lots of time with Josie .
tr	PRES	The task , however , still lies before us in the Place Which Is No More .
tr	PRES	The interview is over , Miss Chester . "
tr	PRES	" So unlike you .
tr	PAST	My voice slurred on fine .
tr	PRES	He slides his hand down my stomach , easing his fingers between my thighs .
tr	PAST	Brody untangled my hand from his shirt and lifted it to press a kiss to the palm of my hand before wrapping it up in his own .
tr	PRES	She stops at the top of the stares .
tr	PRES	" Shall I fetch you an ice ? "
tr	PAST	Burnett 's scowl deepened .
tr	PRES	Fear creeps in , replacing my sadness .
tr	PAST	The sincerity of that single word baffled her .
tr	PAST	He palmed Mary Elise 's back , nudging her forward .
tr	PAST	But he also feared her anger .
tr	PAST	Knowing he would not stand a chance against Kaspar , I intervened , stepping between them both .
tr	PAST	The thought saddened us .
tr	PRES	Pans and smashed plates litter the floor .
tr	PRES	We shal revel in slaughtering that there poor innocent pig and have bacon for breakfast !
tr	PAST	The baby exclaimed , " Hot ! "
tr	PRES	I snuck some here with me , though .
tr	PRES	I lull you into the relief that comes with much reduced demands .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed louder , and then it hit me .
tr	PRES	Often when a hunter close to turning is given a job such as this , it allows him more breathing space .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	But somehow I doubted Bennett would leave her vulnerable if she wasn 't .
tr	PRES	" If our boy here can 't cooperate , she pays . "
tr	PRES	Jen lays her chin on my shoulder , and we look out at the blank canvas of night together .
tr	PAST	She doubted they would come up with anything she hadn 't , but at least she was providing information .
tr	PAST	Immediately , the pair froze .
tr	PRES	" The Mister thought that loving me meant owning me , " I retort .
tr	PRES	Plus Dina and I still qualify as the weakest links .
tr	PRES	A high-pitched whistle fills the air , so loud and sharp that it causes my skin to crawl , like fingernails on a chalkboard .
tr	PRES	It basically just collects them into the chamber inside . "
tr	PAST	Harrington described it more ostentatiously , as the key to opening Hell 's gate . "
tr	PAST	In Detroit : " We invented cars , and the Japanese took the technology away from us .
tr	PRES	" Look in the backseat , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	I humbly request that the members of this hall reconsider their vote . "
tr	PRES	She wears a happy smile but I know she is hurting inside .
tr	PAST	To prove it , I pinched my arm then hissed when the pain came through loud and clear .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five It feels like Jello , or more to the point , like walking through Jello .
tr	PRES	He smiled at her , his teeth gleaming like needles .
tr	PRES	Then the cats joined in , their low roars balancing out the cacophony .
tr	PAST	" We need to break for cover , " Serena urged .
tr	PAST	" Yes sir , " the generals stated in unison , and then they filed out of the room .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PAST	As Simon grew , that bond severed .
tr	PRES	" Don 't disobey me , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	He dialed her number and waited .
tr	PRES	The plot belongs to you , and I would still be staring at a blank screen without your advice and insight .
tr	PRES	I hesitate a moment longer so she climbs back out of the car and grabs my arm and pulls me towards the car .
tr	PAST	More times than I could remember the long line of prisoners snaked its way back up the stairs and I was locked back in my cell .
tr	PRES	As if I would kill myself over Jett .
tr	PAST	He propped one shoulder against the pillar and waited for events to unfold .
tr	PRES	Dad holds my gaze and sighs heavily .
tr	PAST	Her concentration wavered and the knockout spell seeped past the cracks in the barricade surrounding the topaz ring .
tr	PRES	" No , you were jealous , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	As she continued to talk her voice bounced with the hits and was erratic .
tr	PAST	I replaced the handset just as Sherri hissed a warning that the police were here .
tr	PRES	And then ask them : When this dweller breaks out in freedom from the bonds of flesh , what remains ?
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her wine glass and shifted in her seat .
tr	PRES	" And Hywel for a third .
tr	PAST	he enquired as he hid the root under the apples in his basket .
tr	PAST	Veronica exclaimed , " It 's true .
tr	PAST	" You 're very well spoken for a simple mountain man , " Sophia accused .
tr	PRES	Trent 's hand slides across his mouth as if considering how to answer me .
tr	PAST	Jamal announced excitedly as he looked at all the wallets in his hands .
tr	PAST	He estimated her at about five foot and five inches tall .
tr	PAST	Denise presses record on a digital voice recorder and says , " My name is Denise Lee .
tr	PAST	We identified the holes and started working to fix the problems .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , Doug .
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PAST	Soft whispers of a woman 's voice vibrated through my head .
tr	PAST	There , in the farthest corner , crouched the girl that he had bought at such great cost .
tr	PRES	A minute passes , but there 's no answer .
tr	PAST	He crouched down and examined one foot and then the other .
tr	PRES	The man disappears before her stop .
tr	PRES	Please ... " Kim begged .
tr	PAST	But not overly wrecked .
tr	PAST	Their eyes washed out the shadows of their faces , bleaching their features uniform .
tr	PRES	Her mouth twitches before she reaches out to hug me suddenly .
tr	PRES	Reaches out , then draws his hand back , fingers twitching .
tr	PRES	A soft rumble of laughter ripples through his chest .
tr	PAST	I readied myself , drawing back my right leg , then stopped .
tr	PRES	" There 's no time , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	In fact , no real curves of any kind .
tr	PAST	The demon crouched into an attacking position .
tr	PRES	She stops walking and looks over at me .
tr	PRES	My mind quickly returns to my concerns from last night .
tr	PAST	Always with that sad , yearning expression that revealed her mother still mourned the loss of her husband .
tr	PAST	She clutched the jacket around her , something twisting inside of her at how gentlemanly he was being .
tr	PRES	He offers me his hand .
tr	PRES	" When we 're looking at records , too much data usually signals a plant .
tr	PRES	I blurt and feel a little betrayed - he 's been holding out on me !
tr	PRES	In the soft light , her eyes shone with the same excitement he 'd seen earlier .
tr	PRES	" Avalon , you should not call me Amelia , " she practically begged .
tr	PAST	Hungry bellies and religious fervor prevailed as war erupted in the Middle East .
tr	PAST	The woman cringed in sympathetic pain after Julian hit the biker in the nose .
tr	PAST	Got it at a yard sale years ago .
tr	PRES	" In Val Hall . "
tr	PRES	I race to get it .
tr	PAST	He transformed all this .
tr	PAST	She Pulled on one of the Lord Ruler 's own bracelets , ones that didn 't pierce his skin .
tr	PRES	He slides out into the rain .
tr	PAST	" You do it , " she countered and stood back with her hands by her side .
tr	PRES	" Let 's head this way -- not so many spiders . "
tr	PAST	A voice rasped in his ear : " Hush ! "
tr	PAST	She crawled over the stiff mattress .
tr	PRES	He stops at the door , grins , and disappears inside .
tr	PRES	" Noble intentions , " Lord Loss murmurs .
tr	PRES	" I overheard them talking about hospice , " Lisa mumbled .
tr	PAST	Guro circled with them , explaining what they were doing , how we practiced , and how it could be applied to real life .
tr	PRES	Not as successful as the lawyer chick , but well-liked . "
tr	PRES	Pilcher lies on the gurney , blinking at the lights .
tr	PAST	But still Dimitri denied himself , after more than a century ... since that night in Vienna .
tr	PAST	Luna sleepily mumbled , slightly opening her eyes and holding up her hand to Grandma Sandy .
tr	PAST	We will redevelop poor neighborhoods , so we care for the little people too , " the President stated emotionally .
tr	PAST	He secretly preferred being out and about to sitting behind a desk .
tr	PRES	" This changes nothing . "
tr	PRES	I mumbled but followed her in .
tr	PRES	I pet the brown and white dog 's ears .
tr	PAST	Holly unzipped her tight jeans .
tr	PAST	Got your keys ? "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at the instructor when it ended .
tr	PRES	He sees little of interest because the light levels are so poor .
tr	PAST	Instead , the saddle on Sabbath 's back bore the marks of heavy use .
tr	PAST	His belt rasped against her buttocks .
tr	PRES	He whispers that he loves me like we 're married and this whole morning never happened .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on her mouth , and it took him a moment to get back to his story .
tr	PAST	Joanna also claimed that the sky of Mars was pink !
tr	PAST	" Don 't be such a bore , " she countered .
tr	PRES	" Did it ever occur to you to just ask me flat out what my plans were ? "
tr	PAST	She berated him with not loving her anymore .
tr	PAST	There was nothing ... except ... Rising from her seat , Lucy circled a few steps away , holding the air like it was a dance partner .
tr	PAST	Seeing the screen was in active mode Gabriel leant down to stop Napoleon 's game in case it ruined a document Darcy had been working on .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , Your Highness . "
tr	PAST	I do not want to end up , a weak willed bed warmer , never knowing the life I want . "
tr	PAST	she screeched , rushing to whack the Wolf with her parasol .
tr	PRES	" Oh , God , Eleanor ... lass . "
tr	PRES	I recall stating that she had to be wearing body armor .
tr	PAST	K underestimated her now .
tr	PAST	Pulling up one pant leg , he revealed that his leg looked like it belonged to a giant grasshopper .
tr	PRES	" In fact , I disagree .
tr	PAST	Juliet gritted her teeth as she hurried to catch up with her aggravating mate , not surprised when she stepped directly into the stables .
tr	PRES	I relax at the sound of Kira 's voice .
tr	PAST	Picking up the phone , she dialed Andrea 's extension .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't your uncle teach you never to pump gas without grounding your airplane first ?
tr	PAST	The sound lightened his heart instantly .
tr	PRES	The gate agent returns and approaches him as if they know each other .
tr	PAST	She froze , knowing she 'd need an excuse for the second towel .
tr	PAST	She probably lied and told him that they had sex .
tr	PAST	He flicked the knife and my bra snapped open .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't spot anything threatening , he glided over to me , his slanting dark eyes full of mischief .
tr	PAST	He flicked tired eyes up at the girl .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , Jess .
tr	PRES	" Yes Sarge . "
tr	PRES	And him hooking on to one thing or another in the lineup and then out again , slow and careful , and back into the day .
tr	PAST	I also organized all of his shoes .
tr	PRES	Break them down , scramble them , snap them in half , whatever works for you .
tr	PAST	uncle is a self-righteous , pompous , sanctimonious , petty tyrant , " he announced irritably .
tr	PAST	She inched her way cautiously to the edge of the table , extended her arm over the puzzle and dropped the paper ball into the center .
tr	PRES	So he snuck out in the middle of the night , took the bike , and threw it off a cliff .
tr	PAST	Then he inhaled deeply .
tr	PAST	A tide of black smoke barreled through the opening .
tr	PRES	" I 'll dream of you tonight , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	But he never slows .
tr	PAST	A tear plopped on Emily 's bare knee .
tr	PRES	Without it , our whole society falls apart . "
tr	PRES	I drag her a few inches from the sand , avoiding any weight on her bloody feet .
tr	PRES	She attempts to knock the carrot from my hand but it 's too late .
tr	PAST	So , your mother and I , " he drapes his arms over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	" Jeez , " Bishop cringed as rivulets of blood rolled down and dropped from Viggo 's flesh .
tr	PAST	But he stiffened under the other man 's perusal , his back going up fast at the suggestion that he 'd never work in Philadelphia again .
tr	PAST	Please , dear God , just hold on , she prayed to herself .
tr	PRES	With a stretch , she pushes to her feet , leaving the dirty dishes for me to worry about .
tr	PAST	Astrid retracted her blades and dropped to the ground before the troll could catch sight of her .
tr	PRES	He removes his belt and binds my wrists together .
tr	PRES	An image of despair drifts down from the mountain . '
tr	PAST	Sometimes when she looked in the mirror now , she experienced a moment of blank unfamiliarity , as if she were meeting the gaze of a stranger .
tr	PRES	" Who talks like that ? "
tr	PRES	Jagger 's skeleton earring .
tr	PAST	" Not yet , " Steve lied .
tr	PRES	The morning sun filters in the surely sealed window of my room .
tr	PRES	The file automatically opens and the article shows up next to thumbnails of hundreds of other articles with titles about teachers being arrested .
tr	PRES	She chokes a groan from her throat as if this is too much to bear .
tr	PAST	He wept , of course , and I tried my best to comfort him .
tr	PRES	Murphy holds up his arm , bent at the elbow .
tr	PAST	" But it seems for now that 's the most plausible , " Angie countered .
tr	PAST	She , too , shrank away .
tr	PAST	Something so perfect transformed his expression , a look of devotion so sincere it was enough to fuel all the hopes I had for this life .
tr	PAST	Bobo cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	" What in the name of the dead gods ? "
tr	PRES	As he speaks , Corr presses again , more insistently , so that the bells ring again , and Prince pushes back .
tr	PAST	" After it got dark , I crawled back into a totally black cave .
tr	PRES	No one deserves to die like this .
tr	PAST	His eyes narrowed , the stern , scary David resting just behind that green gaze .
tr	PRES	My grain remains as it is . "
tr	PRES	I forgave you for things that you are struggling to forgive yourself for , because I love you .
tr	PAST	My hold faltered as I stared at her in surprise .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	I gulp , lowering my small handgun onto the counter in front of me .
tr	PAST	Trying not to put any weight on her palms , she crawled onto the bed , careful , so careful not to jostle the mattress .
tr	PAST	The ashamed man shrank down into his chair .
tr	PAST	He bent to kiss her softly , his lips brushing lightly across her forehead .
tr	PRES	Kira slams the door after she jumps out .
tr	PRES	" You 're crying , " Realm whispers .
tr	PRES	" No one " Alfie told her .
tr	PRES	" Maybe a little , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	A small , wicked smile tugged at his mouth .
tr	PRES	My hair falls across his face , into his slightly open mouth , but he doesn 't flinch .
tr	PAST	" Again , " I grunted .
tr	PRES	" Take it easy , Briggs .
tr	PRES	She winks , slaps my arm and runs to the door .
tr	PRES	He tries breaking away and Warner grabs him with both fists , shoving him harder against the wall .
tr	PRES	His body heat is intoxicating , making me feel like I 'm melting everywhere he touches me .
tr	PAST	" Stay , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	Kelsey stripped off her soggy T-shirt and tossed it on the chair .
tr	PAST	The autopilot crawled as they passed through the traffic jam .
tr	PRES	Dina taps away at the panel .
tr	PRES	" Bloody shameless ! "
tr	PAST	Avril sensed I was somewhere else and kissed me on the cheek .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you assume I know too little .
tr	PRES	" Be good to each other , " Catherine called out , her voice an echo .
tr	PRES	" I will , Elijah .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved with silent promises , so she agreed with a nod .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved up in welcome as she slid the containers over the counter to her patrons .
tr	PAST	The mother in her imaginings bore very little resemblance to the woman who stood in front of her now .
tr	PAST	Lisa tensed beneath my arms .
tr	PAST	They awoke , still in the embrace and made love again , and then bathed in the waterfall .
tr	PAST	I 'll call when it 's safe , " Davis almost flung me down the steps leading to the beach .
tr	PAST	And that you invented the atoms and delivered them to the world , corrupting God 's original plan ?
tr	PRES	Well done , Abigail .
tr	PAST	It bore no signature .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Jones returns to the kitchen after about ten minutes , and apologizes for taking so long .
tr	PAST	The fanatic at last retreated , muttering the word " blasphemy ' , over and over again .
tr	PRES	His face remains shrouded in the dark , but she can picture its stoic state in her mind easily enough .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked over his face as though she were attempting to read his thoughts .
tr	PRES	Alex presses the elevator button , and it opens .
tr	PRES	" His ' grand , brash action ? '
tr	PRES	" Tonight we initiate twelve new Cadogan vampires .
tr	PRES	My heart slams against my ribs as he spins me around and backs me against the wall .
tr	PAST	She was on her feet , her arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	The others crawled nervously through the stream .
tr	PRES	" Three egg omelet with red and green peppers , onion , jack cheese and ham .
tr	PAST	At the end of the barn , he exited the south entrance .
tr	PAST	Everything from steamers to keel boats , to barges and more buzzed about the sloped levees of riverbank like bees in a field of flowers .
tr	PRES	" Just help me save Emily , " she begged softly .
tr	PAST	I extended my hand .
tr	PAST	Even though he gave a statement about what had happened that night there were too many questions unanswered .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed for a moment .
tr	PAST	Mary Jo exhaled in frustration .
tr	PAST	She motioned at a couple of chairs set around a table piled with books .
tr	PAST	Gray motioned to indicate the bulk of the cruiser .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	As always , Mitch supported her decision even if he disagreed with it .
tr	PAST	The thunder of his heartbeat finally slowed down , and Duncan forced his head to lift .
tr	PRES	" It is , " Fiona mumbled .
tr	PRES	' If only , eh Jill ?
tr	PAST	The boys hooted and hollered when Hunter came in .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Emerson .
tr	PAST	" So just now , you defeated four death vampires by yourself .
tr	PRES	I couldn 't breathe , my thoughts rioting .
tr	PAST	He breathed warm air against her , inhaled her scent .
tr	PAST	Francie 's long , straight , glossy locks bounced around her shoulders as she stopped by my door and screamed through the open window at me .
tr	PAST	He flicked his head towards the door .
tr	PAST	Others eyed me with leery distrust and maintained their distance .
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched to reach out and slowly slide over him , to see if he was as solid as he looked .
tr	PRES	" This changes everything . "
tr	PRES	She lies back and turns her head into the pillow as if she 's somehow mortified by this .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the office , but there was absolutely no way I was going back in there .
tr	PRES	' Take all the time you want , Pol .
tr	PAST	Now I flapped my wings .
tr	PRES	" Her ... ah ... health . "
tr	PAST	I silently prayed that it 'd still be there when I arrived .
tr	PRES	The average person sees a vase as being a practical item and will not display one unless it involves flowers or some kind of floral arrangement .
tr	PAST	" You 're doing great Katia , " Boone chimed in .
tr	PRES	Devon studied her , his eyes yearning , yet distant .
tr	PRES	We scramble to keep everyone floating and then the sheriff just sinks us harder . "
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , Dagger and Warrior proceed to the surface of Calliope .
tr	PAST	I willed myself not to throw up .
tr	PAST	She finally inquired , stunned by the fact that he had not responded yet .
tr	PAST	He preferred to listen , and take the measure of each man present .
tr	PRES	Aiden 's voice rises through my thoughts .
tr	PAST	" We worked through lunch , " she charged ominously .
tr	PRES	" His mental illness . "
tr	PAST	It bothered him that he was helpless to protect her from the wounds of the past .
tr	PAST	Colton sniffed deeply but could only smell the slight metallic tinge that had been present since he had first awoken .
tr	PRES	A steward passes me a bottle of water and a sandwich .
tr	PRES	To me , Dean offers , " It 's too bad about your face .
tr	PAST	My feet shuffled forward .
tr	PRES	The Head of the Elects visits the island once a year at least .
tr	PRES	" Lovely , " I echo .
tr	PRES	I wove my fingers through hers and gave it a squeeze .
tr	PAST	Staring down at Moros , his voice boomed like thunder .
tr	PRES	thingy , that bloke .
tr	PAST	He 'd dealt with guns , he especially dealt with knives .
tr	PRES	Looking out the doorway , she sees two strange beings with her sheep .
tr	PRES	" Hey , guys , " the girl hisses .
tr	PAST	Basically showing the campus that what they cared about here , mattered out there .
tr	PAST	Maria exclaimed , overwhelmed by emotions .
tr	PAST	Still crouched by the bed , the bottle of holy water dangled from his long fingertips .
tr	PAST	The device at Liam 's wrist vibrated .
tr	PAST	My father and grandparents handled most of the details .
tr	PRES	The warm , comforting feeling of Cricket 's hand disappears and is replaced by hers , clammy and sharp .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and rubs the back of his neck , " I 'm pretty sure I can behave myself but can you ? "
tr	PAST	Sakura cocked her head to one side , wondering what the heck was wrong with them .
tr	PAST	" And he 's so cute , " Trajan slapped Ashe on the back .
tr	PAST	Timothy squinted his eyes and turned slowly to get a better look at Cassie .
tr	PRES	" What kind of proof ? "
tr	PAST	So I relayed that .
tr	PRES	I request a table near the window so I can keep a lookout for trouble .
tr	PAST	That bothered me more than it should have .
tr	PAST	The sight stripped her of every agitated word she had considered loosing his way .
tr	PRES	" We were hunting the anteater the second time , " he explains .
tr	PRES	" Are there any other ships within interception range ? "
tr	PAST	That dizzying warmth stole into the marrow of my bones .
tr	PAST	Hal Linden inquired after polishing off his martini in one final gulp .
tr	PRES	A face slams against my window , and my heart nearly stops .
tr	PAST	He dialed a number on the car phone and said into the receiver , " This is Deputy Bill Jacobs .
tr	PRES	" I assume that there is a very good reason for this intrusion that will convince me not to kill you in your tracks . "
tr	PAST	Fiji feared that bad men would keep showing up as long as Bobo lived , in search of the mythical treasure trove of death .
tr	PRES	" Gone , mon ami , gone . "
tr	PRES	I expose you . "
tr	PRES	I scoff , ready to tell him to drop dead because what does he care ?
tr	PRES	" You 're the greatest , " Elijah announces .
tr	PAST	Shoving his hands into his pockets so Hank wouldn 't see , he prayed that his boss would let him go .
tr	PAST	" You won 't get through to me , either , " Ashe rumbled .
tr	PRES	My hands fel to my sides , and I blew my bangs from my face in a huff .
tr	PAST	They coasted south , keeping the shore about a mile to their port side .
tr	PRES	" The palace ? "
tr	PAST	" Someone else attempted to ID the body but was unable to do so , not being related .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the door handle and just as I get it open , I see Realm stalking toward the nurse 's station .
tr	PAST	At some point , reason prevailed and they ended the kiss by mutual agreement .
tr	PRES	" You don 't know that , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	She sounded so demure and sweet , her long lashes veiling her eyes , her lips both fascinating and alluring as she spoke .
tr	PRES	Coop points Carter toward the back and waits as the gaggle of estrogen passes him by because he 's a gentleman like that .
tr	PRES	' Not here , as in here at school , idiot !
tr	PRES	He glances down at me and his expression goes quiet .
tr	PAST	She plopped down on the bed , shaking her head again .
tr	PRES	" Sienna , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Hutton propped herself on an elbow and looked down at Reacher 's face .
tr	PAST	I experienced each gentle touch , each tender caress , with an intensity I had never known before .
tr	PAST	His fingers threaded through my hair , pushing it gently away from my face .
tr	PAST	The angle of Owen 's jaw revealed a hint of belligerence .
tr	PAST	Lea reversed direction , but she couldn 't correct her carelessness .
tr	PRES	The pressure on my wrists disappears as Sean sits up .
tr	PAST	After some fumbling , they belted the elaborate wire framework onto Olivia 's behind .
tr	PAST	His growls rumbled hideous and loud , so that the forest creatures went silent , cowering in dens .
tr	PRES	He folds his arms over his chest , his gaze weighted .
tr	PRES	' Hah , wizards know how to live all right , " eh ?
tr	PAST	Henri 's gaze flicked to me .
tr	PAST	April stiffened noticeably , and her warm smile froze .
tr	PAST	She grappled with the zipper on his pants , tugging and pulling as he caged her in against the wall with his strong arms .
tr	PRES	" Stay , " I mumbled before slipping back into darkness .
tr	PRES	Bill pushes the mute button on the remote and gets up from the sofa .
tr	PRES	Inside he releases me , kisses my forehead quickly and puts distance between us .
tr	PAST	" Got your message .
tr	PRES	March lets go of me .
tr	PRES	" Lila hates crazy golf .
tr	PRES	Kamil clears his throat .
tr	PRES	But for me - " " A nightmare ? "
tr	PRES	Something causes a rift between two people , and time coupled with pride only increases it .
tr	PAST	Dean 's warm hand caressed my side , tracing the bra to the back clasp .
tr	PAST	If my temper was a burning fuse , that pinched it right off .
tr	PRES	Time stands still , and for once the look of hurt and anger and disbelief is justified .
tr	PRES	" Bran , stop , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	She taunted me , telling me how she 'd kill me like she had Amelia .
tr	PRES	He was standing as well , his hands resting on his desk 's scratched surface .
tr	PRES	The bang from the gun bursts out ; a cloud of acrid smoke evaporates quickly , leaving behind only the smell of copper and burning .
tr	PAST	Kara bounced around and tried this piece of jewelry with her dress and that piece of jewelry and tied it with her other accessories .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Meadows - " I pleaded .
tr	PAST	A smile curved his lips at the thought .
tr	PRES	I contented myself with watching him out of the corner of my eye .
tr	PRES	A creepy smile eases onto her face as she tosses her hair so she can stare him straight in the eye .
tr	PRES	Before she can reply , I lean forward and heave .
tr	PAST	His guilt and sorrow for Kenny tugged at her , making her want to hold him until his hurting went away .
tr	PRES	She tries to fight , but I am stronger .
tr	PRES	" I know , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	Some of them mutter at having to deal with me ; I hear whispers of murderess and vile bitch .
tr	PRES	Between children , work , school and church each day just fills up .
tr	PRES	When I cut through both it and the one wrapped around Blaze 's chest , he falls to the bridge .
tr	PAST	" Aye , " Cullen grunted , his gaze shifting to the Englishwoman .
tr	PRES	Or how many sleepless nights since he drove away and left me all alone , three years ago ?
tr	PAST	Later as an adult , they wielded their power more covertly .
tr	PAST	Locke slapped his leg with his cap .
tr	PAST	Without a word Tanner pitched the ice from his cup onto the cement tarmac .
tr	PRES	He taps the back of the watch .
tr	PRES	She wandered through the castle , her fingertips sliding over the back of the sofa .
tr	PAST	" No , it reappeared , just not in the same form as when it disappeared .
tr	PRES	On the way , I text Gary to tell him I 'm with Penny .
tr	PRES	Holding out her hand , Charlie rises to shake it .
tr	PRES	" Taylor , Director Hatch here .
tr	PRES	Nate carries part of this secret .
tr	PRES	" What a shame . "
tr	PAST	" Thank you , " Sam mumbled , feeling her face flush as he gave her waist a little squeeze and moved off with the plates .
tr	PAST	" You led us here on the radio , " I stated .
tr	PRES	I wince from her touch and then find enough energy to slap her hand off me .
tr	PAST	Kronos no longer pursued me .
tr	PAST	I defeated Aldo because I was more skilled than him . "
tr	PAST	Only cost you a buck . "
tr	PAST	Twice as tall as a normal kobold , this giant of a creature lumbered towards us , a huge black blade strapped to his back .
tr	PAST	From his peer group , he learnt that a man has to be man and avoid emotions which were clearly referred to as feminine trait .
tr	PRES	He recognizes the near impossibility of stopping a single person , working alone , with a strong intent to do harm .
tr	PAST	Bert exhaled a long , frothing belch , dropped his tankard on the bar and pointed to the doorway .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you to our small town ? "
tr	PRES	It opens your mind up to reading and recognizing the rest of the Marks . "
tr	PAST	His stern military gaze measured her , and he must have been reassured by what he saw , because he gave an abrupt nod of approval .
tr	PRES	A clock strikes , and the courtiers flock through assorted doorways toward the throne room .
tr	PRES	You really freaked out Jared . "
tr	PRES	The fewer people who know what he 's doing the better , it protects us all .
tr	PRES	" Nice to meet you , Savannah .
tr	PAST	He scrolled through his contact numbers and pressed Send .
tr	PAST	' No , Miss Tick . '
tr	PRES	After a moment , he slides me to the ground .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to jam a dirty rag into my mouth and then tie it with yet another rag .
tr	PRES	" Hey , none of that now , " Logan teased beside him .
tr	PAST	He tugged at his white button-down shirt , pulling it away from his throat .
tr	PAST	On most streets , the taverns overflowed with drunks and whores and everyone else who sought temporary relief from their miserable lives .
tr	PRES	' ' Fine . "
tr	PRES	My hand crushes the envelope tighter .
tr	PRES	Any kind of explanation or apology I could offer refuses to make it past my lips .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" Shall I fetch Isabella ?
tr	PRES	He glances back at me with a curious look on his face .
tr	PRES	" Gemma , " Sam said , hoarse .
tr	PRES	Trystan glances across the stage .
tr	PRES	She holds up a hand , her voice shaking .
tr	PAST	As we walk , he taps on his handheld , authorizing the civil settlement .
tr	PAST	She silently urged him on .
tr	PAST	Dawn revealed the city on the horizon , a blasted shadow of its former magnificence .
tr	PAST	Ash stiffened and cut him a warning glance that stopped him in his tracks .
tr	PRES	A pretty tune ? "
tr	PRES	Didn 't your father ever teach you any manners ? "
tr	PRES	He grasps my hair and pulls away the pillow .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , his chest sinking under my cheek .
tr	PAST	Tristan 's eyes never wavered from mine .
tr	PRES	" If only , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" I hesitate to mention I am not the one in need of healing . "
tr	PAST	They proceeded inside and found Gaius Attis waiting for them .
tr	PRES	" You al right ? "
tr	PAST	Together , the pair tugged the outer hatch closed .
tr	PRES	I lean back against the couch as my stomach rolls .
tr	PRES	" She not only protects me .
tr	PRES	He quickly sees what would cause a man to give up everything .
tr	PRES	She holds up a finger to tell me to wait .
tr	PAST	Roy stormed out of the room and slammed the door behind him .
tr	PAST	He froze until the pain died down , but when he stirred again it returned with even greater intensity .
tr	PRES	Second , he wishes me to announce a memorial service which will be held tomorrow evening at the Holy Redeemer Church here in New Orleans .
tr	PRES	Sitting in the chair opposite , he clears his throat .
tr	PRES	If something inside you says , ' This one belongs to me , ' then he does . "
tr	PRES	Heat rises to my cheeks .
tr	PAST	They thanked the walkers and asked them to point out the car of the couple with the dog .
tr	PRES	It belongs to this really rich man .
tr	PAST	" She 's ready to go , " Sam announced .
tr	PAST	" Rausch told me about the way he treated you .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to his knees and tried to beg , but could not find the words .
tr	PRES	" Holy fuck . "
tr	PRES	Or , at the very least , provide dinner .
tr	PRES	" What about you , Mr. Cain ?
tr	PRES	" Wel , I heard that once you agree to it , you can 't take it back , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He yawns , stretching his arms above his head , showing off his rock-hard abs and the artful ink on his skin .
tr	PAST	" Oh , go ahead , " Julie urged .
tr	PAST	The hot glass also reflected Riley 's aura .
tr	PRES	" Counter measures ? "
tr	PAST	I marveled at the normalcy of it all and promised I 'd come to her baby shower in a few months .
tr	PAST	" Of you with another man , " he stated .
tr	PRES	Softly , she was singing to the music , a sleepily joyful tune he did not recognize .
tr	PAST	Coupled with her nature to help those in need , it proved almost impossible .
tr	PRES	" Please , Roman , " he begs .
tr	PAST	Tension pinched lines along the corners of her eyes , stealing some of the spark .
tr	PRES	Or a really nice casket .
tr	PRES	" I think you have it wrong , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	It created a deep sense of pride in one 's own community , and people got to know each other sharing in communal work .
tr	PRES	" How much to teach me how to make ? "
tr	PAST	You 're as much a kid as I am inside , " she elbowed his side .
tr	PAST	Cells and tissue , muscle and bone soaked up the life-giving fluid greedily .
tr	PRES	Whatever pain meds she had taken were wearing off , the numbing effect fading so I could feel the pins nipping at my hairline .
tr	PAST	Jax untied the drawstring of his pants and freed his heavy cock .
tr	PAST	' Relax , Emily , ' he advised with a quirky little smile and wickedly challenging eyes .
tr	PAST	After stripping the beds and getting started on the mound of laundry , she cleaned the bathrooms , vacuumed , dusted , and even cleaned the windows .
tr	PRES	" Go now , Herr 'D on !
tr	PAST	" I will manage it , " Tomas reiterated firmly , but Beth shook her head apologetically .
tr	PRES	That helps to deal with the frustrations of the job .
tr	PAST	Bree scooted closer and wrapped her arm around Chad 's trembling form .
tr	PAST	She giggled and whispered , " Geez , y ' all are like a bunch of superstitious pirates .
tr	PRES	" Same for me , " snorts Mr. Quintanilla .
tr	PAST	Such a wonder and magnificence glowed around the child ; yet looking closely she did resemble her daughter .
tr	PAST	I awaited his message .
tr	PRES	" I promise , " he begins , but I can tell he doesn 't know how serious I am .
tr	PAST	Growling , she instead stomped to the bedroom which had been only mildly ransacked by the musical thugs in Zep 's employ .
tr	PRES	He helps me up .
tr	PRES	" Did they grill you ? "
tr	PAST	Feeling her muscles begin to loosen and relax , she collapsed happily against him .
tr	PAST	Then , from a heap of monkeys , a figure barreled towards Holland .
tr	PAST	She motioned at Caleb to come closer .
tr	PRES	And all four tackle boxes .
tr	PRES	The cat suddenly hears something behind it in the depths of the trees and quickly turns its head .
tr	PAST	She cringed and the sharp crack of splintering wood .
tr	PAST	" Ask anyone , " he stated , his voice becoming firmer .
tr	PAST	A deep coil of desire produced a moan against Simon 's lips .
tr	PRES	" We represent the very heart of Russia with our hard work , engineering and love for her people . "
tr	PRES	The hostess returns with our table for two , and she adds a chair to make it three .
tr	PAST	Tommy tugged his hat down on his bald head and squinted up at him .
tr	PAST	He slowed his steps .
tr	PRES	He hugs me back , but only for a second before his hands wrap around my wrists , removing my arms from around his neck .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't the castle feed its servants ? "
tr	PRES	" What if someone recognizes me ?
tr	PAST	Rhyme clutched the staff , burying his face into the dusty ground .
tr	PAST	He claimed that he did everything he could and that the farmer 's family was to blame for not alerting him when the wound became infected .
tr	PRES	And if teaming with the Order to move against Dragos brings me closer to finding Roth , so much the better . "
tr	PAST	We just acted out in different ways .
tr	PAST	Pete 's team advanced to the quarterfinals and semi-finals in years two and three .
tr	PAST	The sniper fire ceased .
tr	PRES	" From my boyfriend , silly .
tr	PRES	Steadily , Warrior begins crawling along the surface , making her way toward Pan and the massive doors .
tr	PAST	She shuffled her position without peeling her gaze away from the ominous horizon .
tr	PRES	But even then , Christine remained cheerful and talkative and Larry had made attempts to speak but was frustrated by his inability .
tr	PRES	" Two hundred and twenty dollars , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Desperate for the climax he denied me .
tr	PRES	She softly chuckles against my lips as I jerk her shirt off .
tr	PAST	Mark stomped off to the kitchen where he pulled out a pair of scissors and then came back to cut the man 's bonds .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	" But I hope we can still be friends , " I add quickly because that 's what you 're supposed to say .
tr	PRES	Izzy wraps me in a warm hug .
tr	PAST	Then he ambled over to the side of his parked SUV and stopped .
tr	PAST	Not that I doubted my abilities , but I couldn 't risk missing a single part of his exchange .
tr	PAST	His breathing slowed and his body became rigid .
tr	PAST	" Bad fish day ? "
tr	PRES	Not having heard her questions ( and the plants being untouched ) , I conclude , with a fair amount of certainty , that she is gone .
tr	PRES	" And the longer it takes , the more he pays . "
tr	PAST	Three heavy silver chandeliers hung from the ceiling , each adorned with dozens of thick , red , burning candles .
tr	PRES	He offers a jerky nod .
tr	PRES	' Say something , ask something , ' Lillian begged .
tr	PAST	He eyed his brother .
tr	PAST	Once again , the apartment 's threshold stripped away my power , leaving me all but utterly unable to wield magic .
tr	PRES	" No , but given your ego , that saying applies to you differently . "
tr	PRES	" Because , " she said flatly , " I despise you , and I despise everything you represent . "
tr	PRES	Cameron mutters under his breath and then he 's surrounding me , touching me , feeling me with his hands .
tr	PRES	Joey stands like a scolded dog with his tail between his legs .
tr	PRES	Cy holds the makeshift mirror in front of me .
tr	PRES	Wasting no time , he pushes the lid upward , letting it fall back upon its hinges .
tr	PAST	That result definitely required a celebration .
tr	PRES	The two of us text .
tr	PRES	Several people surrounding the fountain shout out their confirmations of Stephanie 's screaming abilities .
tr	PRES	Now you apologise to your Aunt or I will take the iPads back with me . "
tr	PRES	Someone helps him up and puts the glasses on his face for him .
tr	PRES	She breathes with calmness as the single figure stands at her kneecaps in total handsomeness and awesomeness of six feet plus .
tr	PRES	Can we still salvage this alliance and will the others join with us in our cause ? "
tr	PAST	" My family is having a small get-together at my house on the eighth , for the holidays , " he stated in a low voice .
tr	PRES	" Well , I assume that 's what Siobhan meant when we said we needed milk and she referenced the goat . "
tr	PAST	Sam replayed the tape and hammered away at Bergamo 's weaknesses on offense .
tr	PRES	" How cliche . "
tr	PAST	She curled around him when she slept and sometimes murmured his name , telling him he invaded her dreams as surely as she invaded his .
tr	PRES	" I 'll try to keep them off us , but if any gets too close , smack it as hard as you can .
tr	PRES	Can I post a bond and get outta here ? "
tr	PRES	" You , or a shadow self ? "
tr	PAST	An overgrown road meandered through the trees to her right ; the colorful wagons sat in a ring around the fire .
tr	PRES	" Go wash some dishes or something .
tr	PRES	Good Man My father has lucid eyes that are waxy evergreen needles .
tr	PRES	The scent draws me to it ! "
tr	PAST	Besides , I doubted that getting drunk would drown out these feelings that I 'd suddenly developed for Logan Quinn .
tr	PRES	" Cursing Abraham apparently . "
tr	PRES	She just remembers sitting on the couch with Lancaster , while episodes of Department 13 blur together in one continuous run .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PRES	A moment later , Daniel begins to speak .
tr	PAST	Stars twinkled in her peripheral vision .
tr	PAST	Therefore , Elizabeth anticipated the moment when Margaret would return to the subject of Marcus and was not surprised when it came later that evening .
tr	PRES	Tiffany , still shocked , mumbled something which managed to sound like ' no ' .
tr	PRES	" If you will vow to kiss me whenever the urge strikes you . "
tr	PRES	Corrado 's name shone brightly on the screen .
tr	PAST	It required that the recipient be available on the other end to receive it .
tr	PAST	Jacob sensed her and looked up , and then back to the wall of fire .
tr	PRES	I hiss at the demon before me , both of us with a death grip around the others throat .
tr	PAST	Maynard fetched a hatchet from the horse 's utility harness and returned to the ladder .
tr	PAST	She wriggled her hand free , waited for him to dip down to her again .
tr	PRES	Says Kol , returning his dagger to its sheath .
tr	PAST	My gaze meandered over his face .
tr	PRES	The crunch of gravel behind us announces Ketchup 's arrival , and two seconds later he 's at my door .
tr	PRES	I lean unsteadily against him .
tr	PAST	He jabbed his finger at the scrawl .
tr	PRES	Angela presses her lips together .
tr	PAST	Lara flicked the scarlet silk cloth into the air , and it began to fall .
tr	PRES	My friend Robbie likes to bet the dogs .
tr	PAST	Her arm slapped down hard on the counter top , and she struggled to spread her legs even wider .
tr	PRES	A shadow of undamaged ground stretches out behind me .
tr	PAST	Unable to resist , she flattened her hands against his hard chest and rested her head there for several seconds .
tr	PAST	All night , my first night with him , I cleaned and never even saw him .
tr	PRES	Isadora 's eyes flit to the throne , red crawling up her cheeks until she looks like a black mountain , spewing hot lava out the top .
tr	PRES	A howl rises above the fighting on the roof .
tr	PAST	Garrett 's ears perked up at that .
tr	PRES	- Open your eyes , Mia .
tr	PRES	" Or something , Todd pup .
tr	PRES	I pump my fist .
tr	PRES	No , the answer lies in another question .
tr	PRES	I shone the light into the trees .
tr	PRES	She never sees the Luna she makes afterward .
tr	PRES	And yet , when she looks at me with those blue eyes , I always hesitate ... But the days of hesitation are at an end .
tr	PAST	Goosebumps crawled across her skin as she denied her impulse to pull away , and his huge lungs filled up with air .
tr	PRES	I mistook what Lance offered for caring because I didn 't know better . "
tr	PAST	You destroyed every fragment of self-respect I ever had that night .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed it .
tr	PAST	Her lips curved up at the corners .
tr	PAST	Once there , much unfinished business awaited his personal attention over the next couple of days .
tr	PAST	" There 's need for something drastic , " countered Dorian .
tr	PAST	William froze where he was , desperately wanting to do something , anything , but knowing if he tried someone was going to die .
tr	PAST	The man thanked me and walked away .
tr	PRES	He reaches a little farther .
tr	PRES	Justine begins to cry as the final embers disappear into the evening light .
tr	PRES	Ah , foolish folk , who land on HIM , And little fires proceed to trim And hope perhaps for tea !
tr	PRES	He deserves to die like Valerie did .
tr	PAST	The windows of the bank shattered , and flames shot out .
tr	PRES	He remembers another campfire setting like this one , back when he was nineteen and in his first week in Vietnam .
tr	PRES	he roars , jumping up out of his seat .
tr	PAST	An energy buzzed through my body , and I had to stop myself from hugging him .
tr	PRES	What brings you this way , My Lords ? "
tr	PAST	" I don 't know , " Jennifer lied .
tr	PRES	She kissed him on the forehead , his skin damp against her lips .
tr	PAST	They giggled and then groaned as he turned to leave the park .
tr	PRES	She likes to see things . "
tr	PAST	His mouth claimed hers .
tr	PAST	We floated to the amphitheater where the Screaming Eels were playing " Electric Sunset . "
tr	PAST	Eden stiffened in his arms and shot me a nasty look .
tr	PAST	Gray reduced his pace so she could catch up to him .
tr	PRES	He slides across the bed toward me until he 's right in front of me , and his face softens .
tr	PAST	Crow grunted and removed the crystal again then walked to the shining , fat grey wedge blocking the door .
tr	PRES	" That way madness lies .
tr	PRES	Therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it .
tr	PAST	Even as late as it was , I shouldn 't have doubted SportsCenter was rolling tape on ESPN .
tr	PRES	Elliott stretches as I slide the mask on .
tr	PRES	" I sort of missed you too , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He motioned down to my hand .
tr	PAST	The truth of it slapped me in the face .
tr	PRES	Kit opens her mouth to protest , but when she sees my look , she nods .
tr	PRES	" Noah Porter ? "
tr	PAST	She much preferred the two-piece gray tunic and trousers people of her time dressed in .
tr	PRES	" Apart of me wishes that we will have a chance to see each other again Edo .
tr	PRES	Dante tries to tell her something as we ´ re all sitting down .
tr	PRES	The singing stops and so does the music .
tr	PAST	" Or you might just be gathering the tools Jonas needs , " Mr. Stott speculated .
tr	PRES	She sniffs and wipes the tears off with her left hand .
tr	PRES	And the real gods more alive .
tr	PAST	She shrieked then pranced over in her 8 inch heels to the fax machine which was vomiting out land claims .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	My grandparents stared at me , mouths gaping .
tr	PAST	Every muscle in her body stiffened .
tr	PAST	" But nothing related to ships or shipyards ? "
tr	PRES	Your family stands ready to bless you before your journey . "
tr	PAST	We denied that request of course ; Father is far too unwell to see visitors from his past .
tr	PAST	He stole it for Papa .
tr	PRES	" Like what , Gemma ? "
tr	PAST	She emerged from the bathroom , her composure regained .
tr	PRES	" There 's the optimistic Cassie I love , " he teased lightly .
tr	PRES	Aimee stops to take a breath and collect her thoughts .
tr	PAST	Abe stuffed his hands in his pockets and strolled casually around the living room .
tr	PRES	He taps the brown bag and says , " Racine sent these . "
tr	PRES	The other druid reaches us and stops .
tr	PAST	Her elder brother Marlon pretended to choke on his toast at that ; Pandora kicked him under the table .
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched to hold it .
tr	PAST	His fist piled into the timetable , bending its plastic covering and rebounding slightly off its hardboard backing .
tr	PAST	She moved toward him confidently , extended her hand .
tr	PAST	New inventions , new technologies , new strategies and more and more money to earn .
tr	PRES	The inherent laws of morality she claimed would allow all creatures to live in harmony , " she concludes with an irritable tone .
tr	PRES	To fix my hair , I text her .
tr	PRES	The way she holds herself .
tr	PAST	I panicked and lifted the gun .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , folks , " Al announced .
tr	PRES	Rowan stands in front of the group .
tr	PRES	No marks of any kind shone on the man .
tr	PRES	If it affects you , then it affects me .
tr	PRES	I urge all reporters to investigate every scrap of information provided by the UN .
tr	PAST	And she had sensed his resolve to end his pain , his existence .
tr	PAST	Sirena 's happy tone chimed .
tr	PAST	They simply charged in , teeth bared and ready for blood .
tr	PAST	The waitress reappeared and Gage took the check .
tr	PRES	" A bonfire . "
tr	PAST	' You ... You destroyed it ? '
tr	PRES	" Here , lean on me . "
tr	PRES	Credit card bills , wedding invites and suchlike .
tr	PAST	The sight jolted me .
tr	PRES	It touches Kai 's knuckles , tentatively shrinking back ; neither one moves .
tr	PAST	Two stars glowed green .
tr	PAST	The familiar tingling of electricity pricked the back of my neck and a feeling of anxiety washed over me .
tr	PRES	Getting some lucky breaks along the way helps a little too . "
tr	PAST	One car clipped his rear end , but he kept driving .
tr	PAST	" He referred to bloated whales ? "
tr	PRES	One that didn 't involve making new friends .
tr	PRES	Then , suddenly , my bracelet tingles to life .
tr	PRES	This time , he mangled the pronunciation on purpose .
tr	PAST	" Wyatt created them .
tr	PAST	Now and again , Rex volunteered a comment , but he seemed aware it was a sad occasion , even if he hadn 't heard the news .
tr	PAST	He stormed about so much , by nightfall he was drained .
tr	PAST	Greer stiffened as Sadi glided over to the chairs and gracefully settled into one of them .
tr	PRES	" For you , seventy five .
tr	PRES	She smiled up at him , her long lashes concealing the sudden hunger in her eyes .
tr	PRES	The water here tastes ... strange .
tr	PRES	She flips her dark hair off her shoulder and then raises her hands above her head .
tr	PRES	" What a strange fellow . "
tr	PAST	In my bedroom , I scooted the dresser in front of the door , effectively blocking it .
tr	PRES	The story begins with Book One , carries on and concludes with Book Two . .
tr	PAST	The proximity froze me in place .
tr	PRES	Give me one good reason I shouldn 't chop your balls off before my friend chokes you to death . "
tr	PRES	Another caravan of black SUVs passes through town .
tr	PAST	In her mind it related in absolutely no way to her question about ' Ladies ' , but she nodded regardless .
tr	PRES	No one bothers them .
tr	PRES	He crawls so smoothly in the dark , like a ghost .
tr	PRES	" Impressive , usually you yield so fast .
tr	PRES	He winks at me to let me know he 's joking .
tr	PRES	I yell GO AWAY in an ugly voice .
tr	PRES	A jolt of shock causes me to drop my backpack and turn .
tr	PAST	Charlotte 's ponytail bounced against her back .
tr	PAST	His tongue invaded her mouth as surely as she wished his c * ck would invade the hot need throbbing in her core .
tr	PRES	As Dorsey exits the stage , he stops and turns .
tr	PAST	" For the same reason you risked staying . "
tr	PAST	Messenger rather doubted Mr Briggs would be inviting anyone to bathe with him .
tr	PAST	It clutched his heart and strangled the words that came flooding to his throat .
tr	PAST	Instead we kiss like that , frenzied and fast , bodies smashed together , but never quite going too far .
tr	PAST	Balconies lined with richly scrolled metal balustrades adorned the upper floor .
tr	PRES	Her eyes settle on me .
tr	PRES	" Just trust me , " he winks at her .
tr	PAST	" He quit a month back . "
tr	PAST	She awoke at ten and settled down in her spacious kitchen with a bran muffin , a cup of coffee , and The New York Times .
tr	PAST	Before Rhiannon had a chance to argue that particular point , a large hand slapped her on the back as way of greeting .
tr	PAST	I sensed a hesitation , a holding back , which made me want him , so bad .
tr	PAST	" We did , " Jim concurred wryly .
tr	PAST	Toni bounced into the kitchen , her ponytail bobbing in time to her walk .
tr	PRES	" For you , Lloyd . "
tr	PRES	" Me too , " she whispered , her finger tracing the swirling pattern on the marble countertop .
tr	PAST	Her bare foot smacked it with an unpleasant , wet contact that made Paul 's instincts shudder .
tr	PAST	he rasped , impatient with her silence .
tr	PRES	After a few moments of silence , " Desert Beach .
tr	PRES	At this point , Crawley stands up as if he 's about to object .
tr	PRES	" How 're you doing , kiddo ? "
tr	PRES	Not at all what I 've remembered it sounding .
tr	PAST	Sparkling red liquid swirled inside .
tr	PAST	Her face quite clearly revealed that she was aware of Silk 's feelings for her .
tr	PRES	You wither like a vine , twisting upon yourself and choking out your own blossoms .
tr	PAST	He also produced a pouch with tobacco , a rare commodity .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ! "
tr	PAST	He presses his fingers to the sides of his nose .
tr	PAST	Max 's tongue flicked out and missed her .
tr	PAST	After several songs , the music slowed and Jake instantly pulled her closer , not releasing her from his embrace .
tr	PAST	Every gauge and dial lit up , every vacuum tube glowed to life .
tr	PRES	Seth offers , " Katie Couric . "
tr	PRES	The man , whose name police haven 't released yet , remains in a coma at GW Hospital this evening in critical condition .
tr	PAST	' I knew you 'd get it , ' giggled Daisy .
tr	PAST	Many centuries ago , Chauncey entertained a naive farm girl .
tr	PRES	" Then again , " Jacob said thoughtfully , " sometimes persistence pays off . "
tr	PRES	The entire King 's Guard stands in a line on the beach , with King Merrick still in the water behind them .
tr	PAST	Jenna 's hands strayed to the golden circlet that Marcia had placed on her head .
tr	PAST	Dirty , slushy snow piled at the curbs .
tr	PRES	I could see the tension in his shoulders release , Mage 's fingertips relaxing their grip .
tr	PRES	" And the child belongs to you .
tr	PAST	With wide eyes she regarded the delicate features of his countenance .
tr	PAST	She tugged her firmly away and sat on both hands so he couldn 't gain access to either of them .
tr	PAST	Unexpectedly , it proved to be impossible .
tr	PRES	" The Romany of my ancestors . "
tr	PAST	" This place is creepy , " Audrey announced suddenly .
tr	PRES	" Lick his tail , Koos just for your pleasure , " I chuckle with the others then jump down the hole .
tr	PRES	' Yes , sir , ' he said , his eyes gleaming with amusement .
tr	PAST	Hannah sniffed , she sobbed , and she put her hands on Josie 's knees .
tr	PRES	He trusts my thoughts and dodges instantly .
tr	PAST	Robert dismissed it , hoping that was the truth .
tr	PAST	Nate extended his stamped hand .
tr	PRES	He crawls toward the trees .
tr	PAST	His face instantly lightened .
tr	PAST	Behind him , sheets rustled as Nadia began her shift .
tr	PAST	Tristan tensed his bound hands at his back .
tr	PRES	He throws me a bar with a little smile on his face .
tr	PRES	" How about a different story , about a princess who loses a shoe ? "
tr	PRES	I mutter sarcastically , " You 're , like , so funny . "
tr	PRES	Tears shone in her eyes , and Sabrina swallowed past the lump in her throat .
tr	PRES	He loves the seclusion of this island .
tr	PAST	His grip on her tightened , self loathing washed through him .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know how strong it is on the second blast , " Dani mumbled .
tr	PAST	Gwen gritted her teeth , damping down her irritation at his attempt to mother her .
tr	PAST	Finally its incessant tone pierced through his fugue .
tr	PAST	It circled twice then hovered for a moment before setting down a short distance away , facing Hunter and his jet .
tr	PRES	I await your arrival inside the Great Hall .
tr	PAST	Kylie exhaled and reached over and touched Miranda 's arm , hoping to calm her , then she answered Della 's question .
tr	PAST	He sensed she still wasn 't ready for a new relationship , other than being friends .
tr	PRES	Checked the side mirrors .
tr	PRES	The boats shine white , like bone .
tr	PRES	Seeing him this close to me brings back every single feeling I 've ever felt for this boy ... the good and the bad .
tr	PAST	Using the power pack , he gently glided over to the comm room outer airlock door , arriving about fifteen seconds later .
tr	PAST	He leaned forward , his elbows on knees , hands clasped .
tr	PAST	Rose 's heart skipped a beat and she immediately smiled and beckoned him in to join her .
tr	PAST	With a wanton openness she never experienced before , she spread her thighs wide .
tr	PAST	So , I prayed .
tr	PAST	" We 've managed to do it again , " Nina announced .
tr	PAST	The ghosts floated to their feet , Tom straightening his broken neck .
tr	PAST	Siri 's smile deepened .
tr	PAST	Nick dreamed that he was , in fact , Tim .
tr	PRES	I wipe the blood away , but it continues to dribble out .
tr	PAST	Noah motioned for Samara to keep his voice down .
tr	PAST	The younger woman giggled .
tr	PRES	Her breath caught when he pulled back , teeth grazing against the full curve of her lower lip .
tr	PRES	Avoiding Beast 's eyes , I compose my face and stand up .
tr	PAST	She jabbed me in the ribs with her finger and grimaced .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " I urged .
tr	PRES	It fills my head and I inhale deeper .
tr	PAST	I exhaled loudly and slumped my head into my hands .
tr	PRES	I nearly crack my jaw with a yawn .
tr	PAST	" Of course not , " she lied without remorse .
tr	PAST	They skipped , and except for a very few , could only skip themselves .
tr	PAST	The two of them clasped hands , mingling their blood .
tr	PAST	Once inside the canyon they slowed down to wait for the warriors to return .
tr	PRES	Holly reaches over and pats my arm .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you .
tr	PRES	He stops , letting the backdoor close .
tr	PAST	Unlike some people Lukas preferred the quiet life .
tr	PAST	He crouched down on the bow .
tr	PAST	' I 'm afraid he is , ' announced a woman 's voice from behind her .
tr	PAST	I circled it , trying to get a bead on it , but it was mostly hidden at the bottom of two sheer rock walls .
tr	PRES	I stands there all stupid , and he reaches out and yanks me feet out from under me .
tr	PRES	It uses a lot of my energy , but I don 't care .
tr	PRES	" No , that kills pain . "
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered for the young lady , and my eyes went straight to Owen .
tr	PAST	The three vampires inhaled loudly and stood still with stunned looks on their chalky faces .
tr	PRES	I fumble to get my swipe card out of my pocket , clumsy in my eagerness to get in and see for myself Quinn 's okay .
tr	PAST	If it was possible , her smile brightened .
tr	PRES	They compare the pictures and nod in agreement .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that I 'm in this for real .
tr	PAST	I doubted she had since it was simply a place her father had kept her mother 's things after her death .
tr	PAST	All served White Eagle in such a dedicated way and still not everything was going well .
tr	PAST	Natalie busted out laughing and everyone else started laughing too .
tr	PRES	I fetch Sam and we walk along the beach , taking off our shoes and enjoying the warm sand beneath our feet .
tr	PRES	I wipe off really quickly , and then he 's back in bed with me , drawing me in to his chest .
tr	PAST	They claimed a table away from the door and ate a large meal of goat stew and fresh bread .
tr	PRES	You just overreacted to ... nothing ? "
tr	PAST	The man motioned to his companions to sit at an adjoining table leaving Wil with the man .
tr	PRES	It pops and sends out a hiss .
tr	PRES	Or a brain tumor .
tr	PRES	" Sure , ' bye now . "
tr	PRES	He tries to balance himself .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not going to kill everyone who gets in my way , " I exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" Oh , he was next on my list together with the tart he 's bedding , " Nancy grunted .
tr	PAST	" Private Vortex , move out , " Nick instructed while facing Cindy .
tr	PRES	My mother collects it .
tr	PAST	Corrado motioned toward one of the men , who took the bag off the other person 's head .
tr	PRES	" Oh , so you belong to the Crazy Salt Freak Church ? "
tr	PAST	He shuffled to the other edge of the apartment and heard the battering of wind on the building .
tr	PRES	Every one assume your position . "
tr	PRES	It kind of freaked me the hell out , but what could I do ?
tr	PAST	The image wavered , and the energy flowed back around the outline of my body instead of into my elbow .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up .
tr	PAST	Everyone in the room , including the dancer , who hadn 't yet gotten up from the previous event , froze and watched Miguel .
tr	PAST	After a few blocks a thin patch in the fog revealed the moon .
tr	PAST	Even after all these centuries , she still underestimated his abilities .
tr	PRES	I bury my face in the coat and breath in the smell of old leather and cigarette smoke .
tr	PAST	He lingered there , light waves and ozone , watching her .
tr	PAST	Whenever someone died , their soul lingered for a brief time before it moved on .
tr	PRES	" Okay , it sometimes still terrifies me and frustrates me .
tr	PRES	Even Rand al ' Thor .
tr	PAST	I itched to text him or call him , but I resisted .
tr	PRES	" And Owen too . "
tr	PAST	She never bothered looking back .
tr	PRES	A toppled cage lies nearby .
tr	PRES	Tamsin released me , her eyes damp .
tr	PAST	Stu sniffed the air , " Smells like you knew we were coming . "
tr	PAST	She scooted onto the windowsill and looked down .
tr	PAST	When he told her , she dialed it , hearing the ring a few feet away .
tr	PAST	I stepped outside , my pistol clutched in my hands .
tr	PRES	And then he carries me out of the sea .
tr	PAST	Nic attempted to guide her back into the bar , but she didn 't want to go .
tr	PRES	Things like pocket watches , small weaponry -- even scarves .
tr	PAST	Then his eyes rake over me , as if he 's memorizing me for later .
tr	PAST	Grabbing the small black cell phone , she dialed the Chicago number and listened as it rang .
tr	PAST	The mother mirrored her daughter , clearing half the frosting with one swirl of her tongue .
tr	PAST	Tire ruts crisscrossed the St. Augustine grass .
tr	PAST	Each show that I paused on featured a team of brilliant young professionals , all pitted against one another for money , fame , and fortune .
tr	PRES	Serena glances down , ignoring the pain in her foot .
tr	PRES	Lisa kissed my mouth , her tongue slowly dipping between my lips , touching mine with languid smoothness .
tr	PRES	She throws them forward and they hit the apparitions , knocking them back .
tr	PAST	The jingling of bells jolted us out of our trance .
tr	PRES	He pushes the hair back from my face and I start to open my eyes to look up at him .
tr	PAST	He reclined his seat , sat back , flicked through the first few pages of ' The Black Rose ' and began .
tr	PAST	A noise boomed in the room , annoying , hurting her ears .
tr	PRES	Those fickle little friends .
tr	PAST	" No , I 'll manage , " she said , but her skin was reddened , her face pinched .
tr	PRES	A vein pulses in my throat .
tr	PAST	She fanned her face with her khaki hat , then waved it at the group .
tr	PRES	Mother lies with her knees bent at an odd angle on her side crying .
tr	PAST	I crawled away on my hands and knees , getting as far forward as I could .
tr	PRES	" But who likes cats ? "
tr	PAST	She cringed at the notion of being a disfigured woman in a physical world , but even then didn 't dare utter a sound .
tr	PRES	He considers what I said , glancing from my pinkie to my face .
tr	PRES	Could he endanger the plan ? "
tr	PRES	A hockey player and the drum captain , who had friends and a girlfriend .
tr	PAST	Ethan cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	He slides to a stop next to him in the center .
tr	PRES	When I give her all of me , that 's when she tenses , her thighs squeezing my waist .
tr	PRES	It whispers " Don 't forget ! "
tr	PAST	The two women 's gazes lingered on each other for more than a few uncomfortable seconds .
tr	PRES	At four steps , though , Tobias stops .
tr	PAST	But the dizziness washed away his will and his eyes closed against the pain .
tr	PAST	My grandmother sobbed behind me .
tr	PRES	With my cigarette butt , I dab it on her wrist , doing it five times .
tr	PAST	Chest pumping quick bursts of vapor , Josh inched closer to the trunk .
tr	PRES	" Here are the letters C , E and K. Pretty obvious who they are , hmm ?
tr	PAST	Riley sensed us before Ana did and he stopped to look up .
tr	PRES	A nurse pushes me back down .
tr	PRES	A disciple , on the other hand , carries it with him wherever he goes .
tr	PRES	I don 't apologize for my foul language , he deserves it .
tr	PAST	Amelia almost never joked or saw the funny side of anything .
tr	PAST	From his pocket Peter produced a large torch and he instructed everyone to follow him .
tr	PRES	" What about the hemp gin ? "
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 9 They lay back , both gulping breaths .
tr	PRES	Her long curly hair was loose , no tantalising pins to remove .
tr	PRES	" We shouldn 't stay ... , " Will begins .
tr	PRES	To take it all , to drink it all , to revel in the power that came from drinking a mortal 's life and memories ?
tr	PRES	" Nothing 's wrong with him , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He stares at me , apparently indifferent .
tr	PRES	He lets go and gestures toward the paper .
tr	PRES	Isaac lies over his father , peering deeply into Trajan 's dark blue eyes glazed over with moisture .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " she retracted , placing a hand over her heart .
tr	PRES	" He had picked the lock on the apartment door by the time I snuck up behind him .
tr	PAST	Confused , he slowed and turned his head to stare at her .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to chew me out for making a scene ? "
tr	PRES	In return he hears , " Yeah , come on in . "
tr	PRES	The key to everything lies with Pallas , who orders her torture and imprisonment inside the Corporation .
tr	PAST	She madly scribbled down every word .
tr	PAST	" Please , let me ex - " I began , stepping forward , my hands outstretched .
tr	PAST	" ' In drink " , ' uttered Grey .
tr	PRES	And what she doesn 't use , she sells to others , claiming it has magical healing properties . "
tr	PAST	shouted Marya after they exited hyperspace .
tr	PAST	You know , I could have been working in my pajamas today , " she joked .
tr	PAST	Jo brightened , " Can you remember more names that I don 't have on my list ? "
tr	PAST	Pearl tugged against the chains , but there was no escaping bonds made of silver .
tr	PRES	When they are out of earshot , I slink from the shadow and slide quietly to my dorm .
tr	PRES	He kills and kills and kills .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " Grace lied .
tr	PAST	He studied me intently , his head cocked to one side .
tr	PRES	She obviously hates you . "
tr	PRES	" Dig up that Kava bush and get me the root , eh ?
tr	PAST	He balled his fist and tapped it on his knee .
tr	PAST	She prayed that with her currently messed-up mind she could get past this panicky sense of foreboding that Ramon would burst into the room at any moment .
tr	PRES	Lesley , Lindy ... " " Lindsay Sinclair . "
tr	PRES	He mumbled something in response , and she rode on .
tr	PAST	Then , as if it didn 't matter , she barreled on .
tr	PAST	Seconds ticked by slowly as her frown deepened .
tr	PRES	He folds his hands and glances up at my face .
tr	PAST	He slapped manila folders in a steady rhythm , the counter slowly reappearing from under the mess of the break-in .
tr	PRES	Guests , even family guests , always alter domestic dynamics .
tr	PAST	And he stormed off leaving the two scoundrels totally stunned .
tr	PRES	It pads our feet and keeps the floor warm .
tr	PRES	" She likes you , too . "
tr	PRES	I whimper and beg for things that I didn 't know I wanted .
tr	PAST	" I invented it . "
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	" What do you mean one -- " The call disconnected before I could finish .
tr	PAST	She twinkled up at him .
tr	PAST	Episode 20 Gabriel chased the fleeing beast as his own inner animal surged out of control .
tr	PRES	Because he really likes Mom and wants to support us ?
tr	PRES	Something bothers me about the way Wesley Rush died , but I can 't put my finger on it .
tr	PRES	" Afraid of all the little lies ? "
tr	PRES	" You have a point , " Dervish chuckles .
tr	PAST	Maria stares at me pointedly and I realize that I 'm holding Brand 's wallet , paying for a dinner for two with it .
tr	PAST	I writhed against the bathroom door , my h * ps trapped by his hands and his mouth .
tr	PAST	" Try an onion ring , " Tiny urged , holding a round breaded object out to her .
tr	PRES	Jack stands and takes a step back , glaring down at me .
tr	PAST	" How many buttons , Mrs. Douglas ? "
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PRES	Light filters through the leaves to shine in softly shifting dimples against my skin .
tr	PRES	Anger flashes in his eyes , and for one moment I think he will reach for his sword .
tr	PRES	" Who wishes to compete ? "
tr	PRES	It helps me to be better in the field .
tr	PRES	I drag Ryan to the back and try to lift him onto the wagon .
tr	PAST	" Ass ... " I mumbled under my breath as I jogged to keep up .
tr	PRES	she lashes out with frustration .
tr	PRES	Devon draws back , unable to hide his apprehension .
tr	PRES	No carriage houses here ; day workers couldn 't afford horses .
tr	PRES	Julian snapped , his pleasure vanishing instantly .
tr	PRES	A raw sadness consumes me , realizing I 'm genetically linked to the lifeless blood now covering my clothes and face .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the island and she sat on one of the high stools .
tr	PAST	Hunter tensed and then visibly relaxed as he said , " It 's nice of you to keep reminding me why I got a divorce . "
tr	PRES	She gripped his lapels , her fists tugging tighter , pulling him closer as she pressed herself to him .
tr	PAST	Surreal selected a triangle of toast that held a bit of chopped beef .
tr	PRES	Rob wraps his fingers around the cell bars and looks at me , saying quietly , " You killed my father . "
tr	PAST	Gan restrained him , but he pulled away , saying , " They 're coming right at us .
tr	PRES	" Single file behind me , " I whispered , " Keep your weapons ready and watch your step . "
tr	PRES	A moment after reaching their controls , Mary and Skulls witnessed Bloodhound being sliced cleanly in half at his mid-section , by an energy burst .
tr	PAST	Her silky black hair fanned across the bleached white pillowcase , her exotic perfume overriding the antiseptic smell .
tr	PRES	Raffaele glances over his shoulder at me , his gesture so smooth and regal that one could mistake him for royalty .
tr	PAST	The Government announced Bulgaria was joining the Russians .
tr	PRES	It opens with a heavy groan .
tr	PAST	" We 're not supposed to have visitors ; the boss drops by sometimes , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Noah doubted she would 've allowed him to remove those slivers if she 'd just been violated .
tr	PAST	My magic boomed through the inn like the toll of a huge bell .
tr	PAST	Then it smashed into a jar of something on a crate behind him that exploded into flames .
tr	PAST	Growling , I grudgingly withdrew my fangs .
tr	PAST	On her third shot , the door exploded with a spray of splinters , flying away from them several feet before falling into some kind of abyss .
tr	PRES	The fireplace hisses like a whispering lion .
tr	PAST	He slapped her a second time .
tr	PRES	* * * The prisoner jerks up from his bed as the cell door opens .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps she was felled by my charm , " he teased lightly .
tr	PRES	She releases a shaky breath and squeezes her eyes shut .
tr	PRES	He points over to a brunette in spiked heels .
tr	PRES	Some spirits teach through goodness and some through hatred , anger or violence . "
tr	PRES	He loves that meal !
tr	PRES	He shone the light along the floor , then through an arched doorway and toward the back of the house .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over at the sight of her as she knelt before him .
tr	PAST	" Summer , don 't you talk bad about Red .
tr	PRES	" Its not a coat , its a cloak .
tr	PAST	I clutched the warm tea cup , taking small sips to enjoy the bitter taste of green tea .
tr	PAST	" A thank-you , " she said , resting her forehead against mine .
tr	PAST	Shaking , I dared to dip my hand in the hole in the floor again even as the footsteps came steadily nearer .
tr	PRES	The liquid metal coated her hand , climbing from her fingertips all the way to her wrist .
tr	PRES	A young stewardess hurried toward them , her eyes alight with curiosity .
tr	PRES	" So bossy , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" I wish I was there , " Emma mumbled .
tr	PRES	" The Wayward Youth ? "
tr	PAST	My getaway slowed to a crawl .
tr	PAST	I feared that perhaps it was .
tr	PRES	Roth shrugged , the light fading from his eyes .
tr	PAST	Fear exploded inside her and now the doubts were beginning to creep in .
tr	PAST	Charlotte cocked her head to the side and looked at Tessa out of her bright brown eyes .
tr	PRES	Didn 't have a family to take them with , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Rob sniffed the air , as if he , too , sensed the man escaping .
tr	PRES	Would you indulge me ? "
tr	PRES	Next to me Realm remains quiet , but his turned shoulder looks less like protection now .
tr	PAST	His body unraveled and he started to shrug off the clinging rays .
tr	PRES	Andy begins a video cast of their predicament through his cell phone .
tr	PRES	I tuned it out and focused on Sawyer , focused on my peace .
tr	PAST	When I slide one of my hands to his face , he presses against it and the tears tumble over my fingers .
tr	PRES	" It 's sort of an Elderly right to work , when you think about it , " Nick points out .
tr	PRES	" About Oliver Russell marrying Senator Todd Davis 's daughter in Paris . "
tr	PAST	Then a tall , thin woman with frizzy red hair exited the hotel to stand protectively beside the boy .
tr	PRES	Did you discover a secret , then ? "
tr	PAST	The lawyer immediately advised him not to say anything that might incriminate himself .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck -- ! "
tr	PAST	he announced with a smile .
tr	PAST	" A private investigator named Malcolm Spinner . "
tr	PRES	For a more realistic look , some bartenders drizzle red syrup or grenadine on the inside edge of the glass so it looks like blood dripping . "
tr	PRES	" Completely off-limits . "
tr	PAST	The capsule sprouted inflatable limbs and was quickly pushing itself towards a small town , which suspended over the European sea on enormous concrete legs .
tr	PAST	I tensed up , but made myself not react negatively to her words .
tr	PAST	Every muscle tensed as I blinked , blinded in the sudden darkness .
tr	PRES	" I WILL , " I shout .
tr	PRES	Darcy watched as her two new friends abandon her to the big , bad wolf and grimaced at their lack of loyalty .
tr	PAST	Not the desired one , as his mouth is twitching slightly , in an attempt not to smile .
tr	PAST	" When the Masons rose to power , they sought to protect that knowledge .
tr	PRES	He lets me stay in here , holding me close .
tr	PRES	She ruined my life . "
tr	PAST	Jenn pinched a piece of bread and shrugged .
tr	PRES	Jon returns to his police cruiser , slides into the driver 's seat and punches the woman 's information into his computer .
tr	PAST	The stallion pricked his ears when he saw the General .
tr	PAST	Cara sensed her mother getting antsy and worried , glancing at the clock , worried her husband would return and find them together .
tr	PAST	Fire trucks circled the plane as a fourth man filled the hatch .
tr	PRES	" And Steven ? "
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone under her bangs and she grinned .
tr	PAST	He froze in the act of stripping tape from the edge of a rusty film can .
tr	PAST	He clutched the bundle tighter to his chest when he noticed her looking at it .
tr	PRES	Serena brushes away remnants of a former nest and curls into the tree , trying to imagine she is in her sleeping cove .
tr	PRES	Pain throbs behind my head .
tr	PRES	" In English . "
tr	PAST	The cool air conditioning washed over him as she pulled a menu from a nearby stack without breaking eye contact .
tr	PRES	Just as they are about to leave I lean in front of the glass door , preventing them leaving .
tr	PAST	He dumped me in the water first , before removing his own clothing .
tr	PRES	" Should I bow or curtsey , " Katia mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Okay ... " Ricky : " What do you mean , okay ?
tr	PRES	" Anything you steal I will make you eat .
tr	PRES	' Resource extraction . '
tr	PRES	He misses you too . "
tr	PAST	He unfolded the letter and braced himself to begin .
tr	PRES	The lake draws out my guilt .
tr	PAST	From the first package he extracted a belt that he fastened around a pole leading up to the ceiling .
tr	PRES	The light from my flashlight shone off the damp rocks and we knew that we were no longer inside the house .
tr	PAST	I proposed as she came into full view , standing next to the hammock .
tr	PAST	The powerful intruder visited her a couple of times to request access to her mind .
tr	PAST	" We 've been among these moldering old books for days now , " he announced .
tr	PAST	I eyed him and he merely grinned .
tr	PRES	" Come sit , lass .
tr	PRES	" The water tastes better in the Pacific Northwest . "
tr	PAST	Kadie fisted her hands on her hips .
tr	PRES	He hates happy children and happy parents and their happy lives .
tr	PAST	Anna hooked her arm through Brooke 's and ushered her toward the door .
tr	PRES	I value your opinion , and I need to know . "
tr	PAST	Their father chased Gavin out of the room .
tr	PRES	He snuck a love note in my pocketbook .
tr	PRES	He points to the door beside the elevator .
tr	PAST	The tumbling kettles created quite a stir atop the walls as soldiers jostled one another .
tr	PRES	Hayden draws me against his chest .
tr	PAST	He floated down beneath the upper canopy of flowering trees .
tr	PRES	" Because I wish not to relive it for a second , or a third , or a fourth , or you get the idea . "
tr	PAST	Neither of us uttered a word as we made our way through the food queue in Caf 1 .
tr	PAST	I volunteered to take a journey to see the other side .
tr	PAST	" Mm , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	He likes inflicting pain .
tr	PRES	Half an hour passes .
tr	PAST	Tasha could have wept in frustration .
tr	PAST	His skin rasped against the velvety perfection of hers .
tr	PRES	Humphrey Bogart plays the main character , Philip Marlowe . "
tr	PAST	He risked driving her away from him if he did , which would make it difficult to protect her .
tr	PRES	" As you know we are the world 's premiere boudoir studio , predominately shooting lingerie accounts for swank designers .
tr	PAST	" I thought you were lost , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	" So , you 're a computer person like your brother , Andrew , " the man identified as Uncle Stephen said .
tr	PAST	He acted the most sober of them all .
tr	PAST	I dig through the box-office drawers , throwing dry pens and dusty instruction manuals to the floor .
tr	PAST	I doubted she was a sub ; the chances were just too slim , but I was certain she was suited to be one .
tr	PAST	While large boulders rolled by , leaving heavy dents in the earth , the offspring crawled over the Serpent to block it from incoming missiles .
tr	PRES	I shout , and slam my fist into the bed .
tr	PAST	A lineage revered by the others .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , fuck , fuck .
tr	PRES	She trusts me . "
tr	PAST	Tom 's mind froze as he watched a large slab that had broken from the side of the palace .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the juice , Jo-Jo . "
tr	PRES	His frail hand releases me and I turn toward him .
tr	PAST	Roth eyed Stacey with renewed interest .
tr	PRES	The other one , Wright , whispers , " Shut up , Parks .
tr	PRES	He paces at the front of the room .
tr	PRES	A single spotlight shone down on the rock , which itself was encased in a domed glass .
tr	PAST	I stormed away from the fire and out into the darkness .
tr	PRES	" Oh , God , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Chapter 12 After a few minutes Hunter reappeared and walked back to the group .
tr	PRES	It rises fast and high , to overwhelm and eclipse .
tr	PRES	As suddenly as we were moving , we stopped , my frame swaying with the rapidity of us halting .
tr	PAST	The moment he touched her , everything else in the world ceased to exist .
tr	PRES	" Age is just a number , " Jess bit her lip , smiling .
tr	PRES	' Going out , Flora ?
tr	PAST	Liz collapsed forward onto the bed , curling up around herself .
tr	PAST	All the different parts of me squished together creating a whole new Junie with a whole new family .
tr	PAST	" That 's not true , " she denied too harshly .
tr	PAST	A fierce , triumphant expression glowed on its face .
tr	PRES	He holds the paper up in the air and shakes it .
tr	PRES	The pond before me returns to focus .
tr	PAST	He bore a measure of responsibility for its outcome .
tr	PAST	I froze , sucking in a ragged breath .
tr	PRES	He phones and we agree a meeting place .
tr	PAST	Moments later he sped back in , grasping the door frame , looking right at her .
tr	PAST	Without really intending it my Spirit extended and a spell was cast .
tr	PAST	Just as Ali 's mind started to wander into that wasteland of hysteria once more , Spencer slapped the book shut and looked at her phone .
tr	PRES	He bleeds ice water , man , pure ice water . "
tr	PAST	Jude 's face shadowed as he watched me .
tr	PAST	As she got closer to the brick monstrosity , she leaped through the air again and latched on to a stone balcony railing .
tr	PRES	" The room at the top of the north tower . "
tr	PAST	" I don 't think you 're trying hard enough , " Alex stated in a brusque tone .
tr	PRES	I assume I will be allowed to resume my usual duties ? "
tr	PRES	You know I don 't need the full moon , it just helps . "
tr	PAST	Her stomach churned within her .
tr	PRES	Or the air conditioner . "
tr	PAST	I opted to play it safe and not throw any more fuel on the fire ; he knew my song selection was no accident .
tr	PRES	" Oh Zane . "
tr	PRES	" We can help them , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	In Gwendolen 's , however , they dwelt among strictly feminine furniture , and had nothing to do with learning or politics .
tr	PAST	Tears cascade down my cheeks as I think of Ethel disrobing downstairs .
tr	PAST	Above them , on the first floor , windows shattered ; antique furniture splintered .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed just as the puffing Viscount came to stand behind him and look down the line .
tr	PAST	Donna cocked her head to the side .
tr	PRES	Sean 's eyes devour me , raking over my face like he can 't get enough .
tr	PRES	Creatures prowl around our campsite , some smaller than the one we killed .
tr	PRES	I dreaded another night alone but at least the rain had moved on .
tr	PRES	Cowboy Bob returns with Connie and she snatches up our plates of crumbs .
tr	PRES	" If it 's who I think it is , the A stands for Arthur .
tr	PAST	He smacked the ground hard and groaned loudly .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , " April snaps .
tr	PAST	" I hope you saved room for some of my famous fresh peach ice cream , " Buddy announced proudly .
tr	PAST	So he plunged ahead .
tr	PRES	She disconnected and put her phone back into her bag .
tr	PAST	Kiersten reported back to me and said Lake agreed to take her Thursday , after an intense bout of begging on Kiersten 's part .
tr	PAST	As she reached forward to sweep the top of the bar with a damp rag , the hem on her black miniskirt inched higher .
tr	PAST	Other people identified them in the gymnasium of the local high school , and Anne found them on the refrigerated trucks outside the gym doors .
tr	PRES	The boy , about eleven if I had to guess , points towards Cherie and yells freak and runs to his mother 's side .
tr	PRES	He lets out a frustrated grunt as he lies back down on the mat .
tr	PRES	' Cool eh ? '
tr	PRES	' Shall I fetch my bottle of smelling salts ? '
tr	PRES	He opens a desk drawer , but before he hands me a key , he receives a phone call .
tr	PAST	How they anticipated shipping out to kill the enemy .
tr	PAST	The paintings and sculptures proved hardest of all .
tr	PAST	" If they 'd been tipped off . "
tr	PRES	He walked away from her , his back to her , his hands resting on his hips .
tr	PAST	I sensed some annoyance coming from Lady An .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , stressing every word .
tr	PAST	For some reason , the fear heightened him .
tr	PRES	" I assume the CSA will retaliate ? "
tr	PAST	Another thump tipped the boat again .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you Mr. cheerful ? "
tr	PAST	She lingered for a while in the shadows watching the stream of people making for the conference hall .
tr	PAST	It invaded his body , nagging and prodding , putting Carmine on edge .
tr	PAST	" Susan , " Jacqueline urged a second time .
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere , a large black stallion exploded into the courtyard , scattering servants and guardsmen left and right .
tr	PRES	At least he stops screaming for a minute and stares at me .
tr	PRES	The ocean spills over his brown apron and over his heaving shoulders .
tr	PAST	I actually reduced the price by fifteen percent , since business has been slow in the shop lately . "
tr	PAST	" You know what , " I stated starting for the door .
tr	PAST	He crouched low , dragging me so the crowd hid us .
tr	PRES	He looks at me with those dark , unfathomable eyes of his and my stomach flips .
tr	PAST	His body ached and his stomach churned .
tr	PRES	" Don 't know , Babe .
tr	PRES	He snaps something loose and hands it to me .
tr	PRES	Laila draws down the corners of her mouth as though she 's impressed .
tr	PRES	" My daughter likes you a lot , and that 's the only reason I tolerated you this week . "
tr	PAST	Both witches froze , at exactly the same time .
tr	PAST	" No way , " she exclaimed , shaking her head , as she charged toward me .
tr	PRES	" Mork kills . "
tr	PAST	As they descended , the trees thinned out , and were replaced by a thick prickly brush , that made it hard to reach the riverbank .
tr	PRES	" Has Elijah ... has he predicted something terrible ? "
tr	PRES	I threaten through my teeth .
tr	PRES	This time , Sean lets me .
tr	PRES	He lets flow a soft whine , deep in his throat , proclaiming his victory .
tr	PRES	At his name , Dallas quickly stands and drains the rest of her coffee , eager to push the thought of Realm far from her head .
tr	PRES	" A fuck in every port of call ? "
tr	PRES	" Last week Highest Holy Grinder made his wives pray outside in the rainstorm , ' " Lauren comments .
tr	PRES	The prince froze , all but for his hand , which twitched involuntarily towards the hilt of his sword .
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes deepened to something closer to the indigo hue of an early evening sky .
tr	PRES	Then his mom slides some eggs and toast in front of us and then comes around the island and sits down .
tr	PRES	No active pimples but nonetheless that watery milk complexion was bad , pores enlarged grotesquely .
tr	PRES	" It sounds great , " I murmur , looking deep into his hazel eyes .
tr	PRES	He slides one of his hands between us .
tr	PAST	" I have come courting , " he announced , devilishly sharing the conversation with Destiny .
tr	PRES	He pushes his credit card into my hand .
tr	PRES	" Not a bit of a scent , " I gush , rather more breathlessly than I meant .
tr	PRES	He holds up his digital card , where he must 've uploaded a movie .
tr	PAST	Hank risked a glance up as the doors started to sweep closed .
tr	PRES	A wind rises up to swirl around the cavern .
tr	PRES	Looking around the room , she remembers the colors , and the feelings of peace and heavenly warmth that she felt last night .
tr	PAST	He dusted the front room , vacuumed the stairway , and set out cheese and crackers for the afternoon social .
tr	PAST	Fade blamed Stalker for Pearl 's death , and I 'd suspected he didn 't like me training with the other boy for that same reason .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " I plead .
tr	PRES	" Your officer is aboard , " Blade 's voice states with surprise .
tr	PRES	" Unless we 're looking at this backwards .
tr	PRES	Yet this time her eyes shone with conviction .
tr	PAST	The dark morning sky invaded the living room inviting him to look closer .
tr	PRES	" English peas ? "
tr	PRES	' He only wants you , Justus .
tr	PRES	" Really , Ernest .
tr	PAST	The two small metal beds are pushed into the corners , their bright white sheets flattened over them , just as they were this morning .
tr	PAST	The Queen still in shock squinted and looked at the form more closely and became immediately enraged .
tr	PRES	Words swim inside my head , stringing into gibberish .
tr	PRES	But unfortunately , he belongs to a world I don 't fit into .
tr	PRES	No one recognizes him , because these people have never seen him cower .
tr	PRES	The flush fades from his chiseled face .
tr	PAST	The night was suddenly at its darkest , their eyes denied any natural or unnatural light , a mixed blessing for the task that lay ahead .
tr	PAST	As soon as Becky dropped me at my house after school , I hopped on my bike and pedaled toward the Sinclair Mill .
tr	PRES	" My dad plays the fiddle . "
tr	PAST	He thanked God for the reassurance that his flock was growing up as well as growing numerically , and headed off to town .
tr	PRES	" It tastes like somebody 's been boiling old shoes in it . "
tr	PAST	Heather arose from the rocking chair and said , " Have I not told you that my grandmother was of the Forest ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , fuck , fuck !
tr	PRES	" Ten points ! "
tr	PRES	I assume he wasn 't there . "
tr	PAST	I march for the crystal , chin tipped high .
tr	PAST	A flake of rock split from the wall and fell .
tr	PAST	His tongue tasted tears , his lips roamed over her face , her neck , her throat , and settled on her mouth again .
tr	PAST	" Mrs Stannard , please be careful , " James urged .
tr	PRES	She seats herself calmly .
tr	PRES	When he mixes the two it cracks me up .
tr	PAST	But the wedding band represented the love she had always had for him .
tr	PRES	One that doesn 't walk on all fours and harbor fleas .
tr	PAST	Ahead , the leaves rustled , and J.C. slipped through , handgun out , joining me .
tr	PRES	Julian stops by a campfire that has been allowed to burn out .
tr	PRES	She paused before adding , Luv u .
tr	PAST	" I told Stalin that you were back here , " Gabriel clipped .
tr	PAST	As her obstinacy to keep things platonic subsided she asked , ' Do you choose to be beautiful ? '
tr	PRES	Meanwhile a deadly plague grips the town and Natalie suspects it 's more than just a hacking cough .
tr	PRES	June tries a little louder .
tr	PRES	" Because I want you , Stockton . "
tr	PRES	" What bargain ? "
tr	PAST	A picture on the wall of his uncle Arthur reflected oddly in the domed hallway lighting .
tr	PRES	It really creeps me . "
tr	PAST	I suddenly feared that whatever it was , I wouldn 't like it .
tr	PAST	Emerging only ten minutes later , dressed for rehab , with her prosthesis on , she limped out into the kitchen and started breakfast .
tr	PAST	I yell out to the guards standing in front of the President 's quarters as I run toward our leader 's door .
tr	PAST	Hot , foul steam fumed up , washing over Kendra .
tr	PRES	Still here , Scarlett .
tr	PRES	He kills to stop the pain . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , closing the door .
tr	PRES	Unconsciously she pushes her chest out towards him while holding her hands behind her back , twisting her fingers together .
tr	PAST	The elephant 's ears flapped .
tr	PAST	The car shuddered , tugged to the left .
tr	PAST	With a swift movement , he dove into the water , appearing moments later in the middle of the large , rectangular pool .
tr	PAST	Then she instructed us to follow her into the hallway .
tr	PAST	Paulo stiffened at my words and I could see his hand digging into his thigh .
tr	PRES	Alex just throws it out there , so matter-of-factly , that I take a moment to process it .
tr	PAST	I perked up to argue that point when she shot me a look .
tr	PRES	" Is anybody there ? "
tr	PRES	The idea that I 've wounded the brute 's tiny cat feelings just invites further taunting .
tr	PRES	" A badge ? "
tr	PRES	Delicately balanced but not falling off the chair , he passes into unconsciousness .
tr	PRES	" And I abide by my promises . "
tr	PAST	Donovan instructed Nathan to put Travis in the cockpit with him as a distraction .
tr	PRES	Will reaches for another paper , and once again I am very careful not to let our hands touch .
tr	PAST	She untied the hat she 'd received as a gift and tossed it on her bed .
tr	PRES	But what kind of dots ?
tr	PAST	Ms. Terwilliger produced a large oval mirror with a scalloped silver frame .
tr	PRES	" Or , rather , knocking him unconscious . "
tr	PAST	Xander marveled at and was saddened by the fact that Earthlings didn 't turn to the Bible more often .
tr	PAST	I crouched and scratched a name in the pavement with the car key : Jim .
tr	PAST	In the end , she split the difference .
tr	PRES	It changes so often . '
tr	PRES	' Blake , ' I protest .
tr	PRES	" The portal opens in one day . "
tr	PAST	The kiss stripped away all pretense and left them clinging together in open passion , hungry for each other , straining to get even closer .
tr	PAST	After a moment of silence , he scoffed .
tr	PRES	" He likes to study abilities diluted by Norm DNA .
tr	PAST	Abby had sensed the danger and already her power was crawling through the house .
tr	PAST	Chapter 29 Leo crouched by the silver car .
tr	PRES	Instead of fading into the shadows , Ian approaches the side door of the museum .
tr	PAST	Few times , " one of the others chimed in .
tr	PAST	Yes , every now and then she entertained regrets , but she suspected everyone did .
tr	PAST	A voice stated from somewhere in the crowd .
tr	PRES	Staccato flashes burst into existence out of nothingness .
tr	PAST	She exclaimed happily as she reached over to pinch Trevor 's cheek .
tr	PRES	" This is killing me , " I mutter to myself .
tr	PAST	Empedocles regarded this eternal cycle as the true object of religious worship and denigrated the popular belief in personal deities .
tr	PAST	My thoughts detach from my mind , away from my body .
tr	PAST	Garth advanced on it slowly with a diabolical smile on his face .
tr	PRES	" Mine already thinks you 're great for taking me down a peg or two , " he teased , then got serious .
tr	PRES	Then she opens her purse and makes Mary look inside .
tr	PAST	Who intervened for me ?
tr	PRES	He stands with Isaac 's hand on his shoulder , a peaceful half-smile on his lips .
tr	PRES	He releases my hand and I feel his palm at the base of my spine .
tr	PAST	When both of our heartbeats at last calmed , he collapsed on top of me .
tr	PAST	He treated her like a little sister and never once did he make a pass at her .
tr	PAST	Embarrassed by Brianna 's behavior , Madison grappled for patience .
tr	PAST	The girl , Laura , sobbed .
tr	PRES	" Why two coaches ? "
tr	PRES	I chuckle at my mistake .
tr	PRES	" Will I discover my purpose in the cloud visions ? "
tr	PRES	She plays with it in the same way that she tried to move farther and farther away from her soup in Scene IV .
tr	PAST	Lukas dismissed himself and left Lord Nemesis to his newspaper and a promise to pick him up for Sunday dinner .
tr	PAST	Still , with both of us behind bars , I highly doubted that some guardian angel was going to swoop in and save the day .
tr	PAST	She hacked a few times .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you out here , Kathy ? "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that illegal ? "
tr	PRES	The coach clears his throat , and his lined face goes a bit pink .
tr	PRES	Dad stops , gently removing my hands from my face .
tr	PAST	I untied the vampire 's right wrist and held a tight grip on it exposing the marking .
tr	PAST	He caressed her moist heat and savored each broken , shuddering cry as she opened for him .
tr	PRES	" Not even the most powerful demon master . "
tr	PRES	" Me , too ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , well um ... I-I - " I stammered .
tr	PRES	" Two miracles in my life .
tr	PRES	" Love you , too , kiddo .
tr	PRES	It clears my mind . "
tr	PAST	He rumbled in pleasure , the sound a vibration against her body and shifted , using a hard knee to part her thighs further .
tr	PRES	Flynn storms out the door .
tr	PRES	" You 're so gorgeous , " he murmurs against my skin .
tr	PAST	The grey storm clouds split open , revealing open sky .
tr	PRES	When I rounded the corner , I shone the flashlight I carried with me into one of the rudimentary stalls .
tr	PRES	" Be careful , " Sam mumbled .
tr	PRES	Gwen is on the floor in Dora the Explorer pajamas , tearing through the wrapping paper on her present .
tr	PRES	He loves me ... I know he does , but what if he 's not ready for a baby ?
tr	PRES	The way you guys dress all alike on stage throws me off . "
tr	PAST	She knelt on the bed and sat back , one hand resting on Frank 's leg , massaging it softly through the thickness of the duvet .
tr	PAST	Leaves rustled and branches groaned ; the mist swirled as though something was moving - and moving fast - through it .
tr	PRES	And Harcourt swears he will do everything he can to escape her notice .
tr	PRES	" No Shifter deserves to be a guinea pig .
tr	PAST	I flattened out again in hopes of warding off a total collapse .
tr	PAST	I clutched and dragged my nails across the concrete in an effort to get to my knees and fill my lungs with air .
tr	PAST	She flung her hand out , waving it towards Ethan and the limo .
tr	PRES	My sister loves them , and she bought these tickets ages ago .
tr	PAST	Logan advanced again , but Melody caught his arm .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone knowingly . '
tr	PRES	The demon disappears round a corner to my right .
tr	PAST	When he spied me , he attempted to crawl to me , to protect me .
tr	PAST	She outlined muscles he didn 't know he had .
tr	PAST	When I saw him at school , he acted like nothing happened .
tr	PRES	But she likes her independence .
tr	PAST	Aly flicked a bean at Christopher 's head .
tr	PRES	It shone clear and bright in the darkened sky .
tr	PRES	He pul ed back , his hand brushing across my cheek so quickly I truly believed I 'd imagined the touch .
tr	PAST	Angie scooted sideways to make room .
tr	PRES	I drag my feet to the landing outside my front door just before eight , wishing I could sleep longer .
tr	PAST	Now the sun ruled the sky .
tr	PRES	" People disagree all the time . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , brat .
tr	PAST	Roth slowed his step , walking behind me .
tr	PRES	" Never change , Katie .
tr	PAST	Some of the One Hundred sped ahead , their gate sprightly and strong .
tr	PRES	That sort of thing tends to realign one 's priorities . "
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , as he steadied himself .
tr	PAST	She doubted he would be willing to do it but she might as well ask .
tr	PRES	" We can remember some things , " I clarify .
tr	PAST	" Sure , " Gregor mumbled , heading back to the kitchen to fix another .
tr	PRES	But never anything fundamental .
tr	PRES	She loves reading , video games , documentaries , horror movies and vegetable patches .
tr	PAST	After that I stumped out of the room but could hear him screaming soprano . "
tr	PRES	And right about now , a part of me wishes my grandmother never gifted it to me .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest and glare at him as he looks directly at me .
tr	PAST	A man emerged from the grotto .
tr	PAST	He never doubted the future , he never regretted the past .
tr	PRES	I squeal , doing a happy dance .
tr	PAST	She floated through a thick seaweed curtain into another room .
tr	PAST	Lights flicked on in nearby houses .
tr	PRES	The sun shone bright .
tr	PAST	It particularly bothered him , the sight of them lying lifeless , their blood soaking into round balls of wool half unraveled on the floor .
tr	PAST	Their faces matched those of the photos on Ty 's walls .
tr	PRES	" No ... " Susie breathes , her eyes covered with a blue gel pack .
tr	PAST	She limped , slightly dragging her back leg where the worst of the lacerations seemed to be .
tr	PRES	My ears tuned out everything except his voice .
tr	PRES	I exhale feeling more pain .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so excited , " Suzy pops out .
tr	PAST	Ace produced a flashlight and led the way .
tr	PRES	" It 's there , Becks .
tr	PRES	His body changes from a dark shadow into a fully fleshed human .
tr	PRES	" Curfew begins in ten minutes .
tr	PRES	Then I pierce his heart .
tr	PAST	he shrieked loudly and then Jared saw his face clearly and the terror took almost complete control of him .
tr	PAST	This proved impossible and dangerous in the darkness .
tr	PAST	Grabbing her black bag from a nearby table , she hooked her arm through his and stepped out of the suite .
tr	PRES	" Sean Vader ? "
tr	PRES	" Even two minutes ago , right before you guys saw me , I almost snuck off and went back home . "
tr	PRES	" But he likes it , so I 'm okay with it I guess . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't see any ships , " Jessica states .
tr	PAST	" You can choose two of three things , " he stated .
tr	PRES	He flashes a crooked smile .
tr	PRES	Yamhill pads to the doorway holding his wife , saying .
tr	PRES	" And dip you .
tr	PAST	T is all right , " Charlie reassured her quietly .
tr	PAST	A creamy blouse glided over Kelly 's skin , rippling a sheen of enticement with her every step .
tr	PRES	She whispers in my ear , " I 'm so glad you 're not alone , baby girl . "
tr	PAST	A bead of sweat tricked down his brow and he wiped it with his sleeve .
tr	PRES	Prom night surfaces again .
tr	PAST	Quicker than I realized , the electrical pulses seized my whole body causing stronger and more painful sensations than anything I had experienced before .
tr	PRES	He snaps his mouth shut and goes silent for a bit while all kinds of thoughts pass through his head and flash across his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Is Zane here ? "
tr	PRES	Snake hands down the basket and other things , then helps the women down one at a time .
tr	PAST	I think it 's for the best , " I lied .
tr	PAST	I yell , jumping up from the chair .
tr	PRES	A pleasant union by all accounts . "
tr	PAST	Walking slowly into the room , Carolyn advanced toward the desk .
tr	PAST	Gage tugged the line holding the net and the thrashing sea lion to the side of the boat .
tr	PAST	You destroyed hundreds of people only to have your own creations turn against you .
tr	PRES	Well I belong to you !
tr	PRES	" Dr. Z ! "
tr	PRES	Her hands tremble uncontrollably .
tr	PAST	During batting practice Alex smacked ball after ball deep over the wall , but his mind wasn 't tracking what his body was doing .
tr	PAST	" I 've trained you well , " he claimed , sounding very pleased with himself .
tr	PAST	He often joked about carrying a Scooby-Doo lunch box to his doctoral dissertation defense .
tr	PRES	She lets my abrupt subject change go and slowly pulls out a plain black tank dress .
tr	PAST	Her daughter 's scowl deepened .
tr	PAST	He touches me on my forehead , just as he touched his sculpture , and I close my eyes , pressing my face into his hand .
tr	PAST	" I 'm ready , " I stated and turned to Gemma .
tr	PAST	Tessa seized hold of Jem 's arm .
tr	PRES	she mumbled when her concern for his well-being overcame her resistance to letting him know she cared .
tr	PAST	The stemming pain only replaced when her finger squeezed easy against the trigger of her ringer pistol .
tr	PRES	" Like when you didn 't call me an annoying brat when we were growing up . "
tr	PAST	Then I unbuttoned my shrug , shimmied out of it , and dropped it out of sight behind the seat .
tr	PRES	Very picturesque - particularly now that they 've doubled the height of the walls . "
tr	PAST	Aidan unfolded his arms and glanced at him .
tr	PAST	She prayed that didn 't hinder his ability to fight .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up .
tr	PRES	He sees a problem , and he 's trying to fix it .
tr	PAST	But like I said , fate intervened and I had the damn stroke first . "
tr	PRES	At the word proud , Gavin glances away .
tr	PAST	" I received no confirmation and don 't know whether they heard me .
tr	PRES	The reflection falls away and I see blond hair , a light dusting of freckles .
tr	PAST	He voice was sad , resigned as if he had no choice in smoking .
tr	PRES	Her perfume remains in your doorway , along with her phrases .
tr	PRES	I slay many inconsequential enemies .
tr	PAST	He eyed the rivers of sweat snaking their way down his body .
tr	PAST	He stares straight into my eyes .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Rausch nodded , the warmth fading , replaced by a deep sadness .
tr	PAST	He stomped into the room angrily .
tr	PRES	But just when we think things are going our way , a bot marches up to the booth .
tr	PRES	Gerry contemplated aloud whilst firing a few more rounds at the attackers now located only 20 metres ahead .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side and considered him .
tr	PRES	Raven holds up a hand .
tr	PAST	She scooted closer and looked into his eyes .
tr	PAST	Voices buzzed like a giant swarm of wasps caught under the roof of the Music Box Theater .
tr	PRES	" Opening outer hatch , proceed with launch .
tr	PRES	She belongs with us . "
tr	PAST	She slapped the file closed and let out an angry sigh .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	I motioned to the picture .
tr	PAST	The boy tensed as she approached .
tr	PAST	Nathan shuffled a few of the items around with a pencil until he spied a small leather-bound book .
tr	PAST	She sensed a sudden wariness , a reserve that reeked of secrets and shame , and his scent got even darker .
tr	PAST	" You don 't need that , " Mark exclaimed , beckoning him in .
tr	PRES	Let me go wash my face , and we 'll be off .
tr	PRES	She disappears again , leaving me by myself .
tr	PAST	Mike proceeded to tear skulls off heads like he was hitting baseballs off a tee .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you have , " Joe teased .
tr	PRES	He stands over me , looking over my shoulder , breathing through heavy , stilted , wheezing breaths , before putting the jug down .
tr	PRES	' Sorry , but my heart belongs to Trevor now . '
tr	PRES	" Back off , J .
tr	PAST	She cringed at the thought of looking any older than she already was .
tr	PRES	His blood flow slows and I worry he 's going to faint .
tr	PRES	E1 tries to get the men back , but they circle around Miranda and follow her out .
tr	PAST	I eyed her , wishing she would help and not complain .
tr	PRES	My mouth fel open and I laughed out loud .
tr	PRES	" Stay away from cheerleaders brat , " Grey teased .
tr	PAST	Her warm response reassured him that she still believed in him , that she was still in love with him .
tr	PRES	Reagan lies on her belly her arms folded under the pillow .
tr	PRES	He slams the phone down and spins around and I prepare myself for a painful conversation .
tr	PRES	Finally the corn begins to ripen in large quantities and the small army can move .
tr	PRES	" ' Whether you believe you can or you believe you can 't , you 're right , " ' Reginald mumbled under his breath .
tr	PRES	" But why , Myra ? "
tr	PRES	The rotten little cheat ! "
tr	PAST	Markus leaped off the bottom step of the stairway .
tr	PRES	" Vanessa Howell . "
tr	PAST	She stares up , nervously pacing , as her cub slowly descends towards her .
tr	PAST	Dave eyed the man coldly .
tr	PAST	Instead , she gritted her teeth , lowered herself to the chair and wheeled herself to the sink .
tr	PAST	I stifled a gasp .
tr	PAST	" The vampire bitch destroyed this body .
tr	PRES	" And it only affects the travelers when we first establish the markers ? "
tr	PAST	Her magic pricked at my skin like tiny , invisible needles , making me grind my teeth together .
tr	PAST	His true face emerged revealing his true nature .
tr	PAST	His steps faltered just slightly when his gaze locked on Riley , but then he continued over , walking a little faster than before .
tr	PRES	He deserves to miss me and wonder what I 'm doing . "
tr	PAST	Although other gangs of vampires held their territories , they ruled the largest area , which was located in the industrial district .
tr	PRES	He wove around the dark wooden chairs in search of Crusty .
tr	PAST	I prayed for him to have a second chance at life , to find his happiness .
tr	PAST	We emerged from the SUV a few minutes later , greeted by the crisp air and ... beer cans strewn across the ground .
tr	PAST	I tugged a jar of wolf 's bane off the shelf and dropped it in the tote bag .
tr	PRES	That she brings you peace .
tr	PRES	For an instant her red hair flames brighter .
tr	PAST	" Once upon a time , people , humans , ruled the Earth .
tr	PRES	His casual chuckle eases the knot in my stomach .
tr	PAST	Detective Harrison said , bass voice pitched deep with intensity as he made his point .
tr	PAST	Devon 's parents sometimes acted like that , and she thought it was ridiculous .
tr	PRES	He always wears long sleeved shirts . "
tr	PRES	He reaches behind him .
tr	PAST	He accompanied her to the bar .
tr	PAST	I respected his skill and the way he handled himself .
tr	PRES	The paramedics arrive and swamp me and Edward .
tr	PAST	We have coffee , " Sonia announced .
tr	PAST	He acted ... conciliatory .
tr	PAST	As Staffan 's breathing eased , her phone beeped .
tr	PAST	Ben Reynolds and Aaron Traynor stomped down the hollow stairs .
tr	PAST	Noah plopped down into the snow and lay back beside her .
tr	PAST	And last , a big , plump , snowman cookie jar that Regan told Sonia they were going to fill by baking Christmas cookies .
tr	PRES	His father plays polo with my father . "
tr	PRES	From the outside , the lights shone brightly , illuminating the cold air .
tr	PRES	' ... then they will know that I am the Lord , when I take vengeance on them . '
tr	PRES	I lean out of her touch .
tr	PRES	Tossing down her fork , Robin glares at me .
tr	PAST	Each attack jolted the upper portion slightly nearer the edge as the brawling pair battled upon its destined landing spot .
tr	PAST	Neil stuffed his discarded club clothes into the toilet , shoving them as deep into the water as he could and closing the lid on them .
tr	PAST	Rebecca extended her hands for Tony .
tr	PAST	Ted caressed her cheek with the back of his hand .
tr	PAST	" Okay , I guess you 're right , " I stated , even though I didn 't want to be separated from him .
tr	PRES	Because she loves him .
tr	PRES	In the distance , the foghorn bellows , sounding like a funeral song .
tr	PRES	Therein lies the problem .
tr	PRES	" Yes , please proceed . "
tr	PAST	His index finger circled her nipple , teasing it to a rose-colored pebble .
tr	PRES	He tries exploring the city and uses the opportunity to find out what job opportunities are available for a man with his business skills .
tr	PRES	As I do , Roland throws another bolt to keep me from touching the toppled throne .
tr	PRES	Before I could ask him about this , Marie approaches and he leaves .
tr	PAST	Kelly exclaimed as she ran toward the house .
tr	PRES	Those dreaded books . "
tr	PRES	" I hesitate to mention this , Your Majesty , for your burdens already seem great . "
tr	PRES	She carefully lays the bells down on the table in front of her so that the price tag is showing .
tr	PAST	Reed 's mouth curved slightly .
tr	PAST	Ned grunted with exertion as he tried to raise his head .
tr	PAST	And for sixty dollars , I tricked this loser into selling me a beautiful , white , leather bound bible .
tr	PAST	Daisy , appearing worn and pallid , shuffled off to her room .
tr	PRES	He throws two knives .
tr	PRES	Trick 's voice rings loudly in the tunnel .
tr	PRES	" But he respects you . "
tr	PRES	' May I add a few words ? '
tr	PAST	She toyed with the open V of his collar , the fire rekindling inside her .
tr	PRES	That draws in more questions .
tr	PRES	Too dark , too large , for a school of fish , too hazy for a canoe -- he was puzzled .
tr	PRES	His eyes shine light blue .
tr	PRES	He screwed his face Up .
tr	PAST	Got more ammo ? "
tr	PRES	My energy fades as I realize that 's exactly what he is doing .
tr	PRES	she asked , her brows drawing together in bewilderment .
tr	PAST	They taunted him and grabbed his food tray -- and then began helping themselves to whatever food was on it .
tr	PAST	At dinner , no one broached the subject , and that was when I knew that things had already been decided .
tr	PAST	The general secretary supported the Owl : " I know Dr. Liang well from my time in Shanghai .
tr	PRES	And I assume you got pulled in helping her ? "
tr	PAST	Stan 's group produced another round of cheering and whistling .
tr	PRES	Outside my window I could only see the vague shapes of nearby buildings , city lights dimly dancing through the gloom .
tr	PRES	The world shrinks to him and me .
tr	PAST	" Meet Jason Stone , the only brother of Jax Stone , sweetheart , " Dewayne announced loudly .
tr	PAST	Logan regarded her for a moment , his eyes serious .
tr	PAST	Joan 's husband had skipped the country leaving her and her three kids without a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out .
tr	PAST	Stefan 's cool breath tickled my scalp .
tr	PRES	Savory with a heavy tang that exploded against her flesh and made her crave more .
tr	PRES	What if he tries to do more than kiss her ? "
tr	PAST	' We 'll make a detective of you yet , Sergeant , ' he joked .
tr	PRES	The third wave of citizens climbs down the ladders then kneels in puddles of water .
tr	PRES	Very cloak and dagger . "
tr	PAST	Maddie heated water and we washed him with the special soap Pa had bought for Ma one Christmas .
tr	PRES	' Look it up , ' Erika teased .
tr	PAST	I bounced the baby to distract myself even as Holly moved toward the groceries .
tr	PRES	When I first enter the chamber , they murmur at the sight of me .
tr	PAST	He groaned to find nothing under it , then stiffened , his face becoming a mask of rage .
tr	PAST	I just freed us , okay ?
tr	PRES	" Yeah ... total y. " We just stare at each other for a long moment , a moment that seems to last longer than an overtime .
tr	PAST	Lethargy collapsed in over her , giving her no time to fear its approach .
tr	PAST	Dustin crawled out smoothly .
tr	PRES	The side door to the van slides open , and Skye climbs out with a smile .
tr	PRES	He sighs , like he hoped I 'd say no .
tr	PRES	He sighs at the document .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out the pink Samsung .
tr	PRES	Under the trees another world flourished .
tr	PAST	Luke flicked his eyes toward Clary , mutely urging Jocelyn forward .
tr	PAST	When she finally recognized it , her heart seized as her blood ran cold , and she backed away from the tree .
tr	PAST	I clutched at his shirt .
tr	PAST	I think he 's telling the truth , " the Captain stated .
tr	PAST	After the sound of the front door opening and closing , Tad actually exhaled , knowing the situation had been contained .
tr	PRES	" Focus , baby , just relax and slow down the spin .
tr	PRES	She sighs , " But I love you anyway . "
tr	PRES	Closing the door behind me , I lean against it , my sight adjusting to the darkness until I finally make out his silhouette .
tr	PAST	Their eyes all glowed red and they blinked with an odd curiosity as the beasts examined him .
tr	PAST	You just destroyed a fortune , lady .
tr	PAST	She melded into his embrace as she sought solace in his loving arms .
tr	PAST	Janu eyed his grandchildren and nodded his head .
tr	PAST	A huffing breath washed over them .
tr	PAST	I tugged a little .
tr	PAST	Every night , Jenny happily described her school work to her father .
tr	PAST	By the time she 'd finished cooking , Linda motioned toward the table just as Luke returned .
tr	PRES	* * * I have a new project now .
tr	PRES	And who hates London , of all places ?
tr	PRES	Aria suddenly shimmers and appears at Jason 's side .
tr	PRES	Painfully she hauled herself into a sitting position .
tr	PAST	Bonnie said quietly , her voice muffled against Meredith 's leg .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps the little one is upset because we 've neglected her , " Prince Darryl loudly whispered in mock conspiracy behind Alexandra 's head .
tr	PAST	Flipping open the case , I inhaled abruptly as I admired the long gold chain and ancient looking pendant that gleamed against the velvet .
tr	PRES	he cal ed out , seeing the boulder hurtling toward the back of Keita 's brother .
tr	PRES	I cal ed helplessly .
tr	PAST	" Something sweet for you Marty , " she giggled .
tr	PRES	She frowns at me .
tr	PAST	She rummaged through his dresser , his suitcase and read through all his papers .
tr	PAST	She dared not look in Colby 's direction .
tr	PRES	" All clear , " Shelton announces .
tr	PAST	Claire tensed and glanced back at him .
tr	PAST	He never achieved anything he set out to do , but that happens when you never set goals for yourself .
tr	PAST	She squinted into the darkness .
tr	PRES	With a screech of metal against the linoleum floor , Ethan slides his desk closer to mine .
tr	PAST	Robina urged him inside and then hurried ahead of him , directing him to follow her up the stairs .
tr	PRES	I stood up , my legs unsteady .
tr	PRES	Robin 's giggle brings another smile to Mason 's lips .
tr	PRES	" Of course it 's not , " Mom snaps .
tr	PRES	The Roman consul taunts her during the execution , and barbarian Pict queen Bryn swears dark revenge , enough to horrify her fellows .
tr	PAST	' A bit panicked , to be honest sir , his wife worse than him .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six The workout in the Lecture Hall lasts two hours .
tr	PAST	" You pinched me ! "
tr	PRES	Are supplies there ? "
tr	PRES	He reaches behind him , pulls out his knife and charges me .
tr	PRES	Rain falls softly , making everything appear a little hazy and a lot gray .
tr	PRES	And therein lies the problem . "
tr	PRES	" Well , at least that 's one thing that 's worked out , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Trust me , then it all changes .
tr	PRES	" The caveman approach must be fashionable this year , " she teased .
tr	PAST	For instance , with a cord length of twenty-two inches a pendulum circled a silver object twenty two times .
tr	PRES	" I screwed up .
tr	PAST	Max stifled a snort , and Victoria could imagine what he was thinking .
tr	PAST	I eyed Dubois 's still smoldering body .
tr	PRES	He stops just centimeters from my cheek then chuckles .
tr	PRES	If we included androids in our range of empathic identification , as we do animals . "
tr	PRES	When I made my oaths to Winkler , it states specifically from this day forward . "
tr	PAST	" These fuckers think I 'm messing around , " Dalton announced , bringing his com back to the ready .
tr	PRES	" But on a marble floor ?
tr	PRES	" Just some house , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Lorena swiped at the condensation on the glass in the back window .
tr	PAST	I sped through the campground , leaving a cloud of dust behind me , determined to find Jonathan .
tr	PRES	" Your buddy ? "
tr	PAST	She squealed and shook her red hair out .
tr	PAST	He preferred it that way .
tr	PRES	Finally , a jingle lets me know she found her keys , and she steps forward out of my embrace to unlock the door .
tr	PAST	Ben exhaled sharply , in irritation , though it bloody well hurt to breathe .
tr	PAST	My pulse sped in response to his stress , but I answered carefully .
tr	PAST	She scooted back for me to sit in front of her this time .
tr	PRES	" So , where are you traveling to ? "
tr	PRES	" Stone paddles . "
tr	PRES	And second , for short distances it uses radio waves instead of the Internet . "
tr	PRES	Just when it seems as though the Blairs on the verge of a major scientific breakthrough , tragedy strikes .
tr	PAST	He stares at me a long moment .
tr	PAST	" I visited for a few moments , bought a trinket , and then just happened to bump into you on the way out .
tr	PAST	A hesitant smile tipped her lips .
tr	PRES	" Wait , Elijah . "
tr	PRES	Many of our legends describe that kind of thing .
tr	PAST	She sniffed skeptically , " a reminder of what ? "
tr	PAST	Quinn tipped his head to the side , arresting my attention with his intense stare .
tr	PAST	She steadied herself and then pulled away .
tr	PAST	The sight of them made Claire sick with loss , a loss rivaled only by David 's death .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my pocket .
tr	PAST	My climax exploded , intense and fast , rocking my entire being from the ends of my limbs to the center of my soul .
tr	PRES	At least it didn 't look like rain , he comforted himself .
tr	PAST	I writhed against him , pleading for the climax that lay just out of reach , but he simply smiled .
tr	PRES	It doesn 't take much accessing to know that the message is from Natasha , who 's in France , and is also the girl Holly loves .
tr	PAST	She regarded him with a bemused expression .
tr	PAST	The stench of blood assaulted my nostrils and I tasted it on my tongue .
tr	PRES	He lets go of the table and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	Kil ing some of his limitless time .
tr	PRES	Preston 's words rippled through my head again , a black echo that wouldn 't fade away .
tr	PAST	It cocked its head as if it were confused by the soldiers ' appearance .
tr	PRES	As soon as she gets the last one , I spring upright and scramble over to where Alex is lying on the floor .
tr	PRES	He considers you more ... well , like your kitchen dogs .
tr	PAST	During Philip 's recap , Black intervened to ask about how he knew that the concrete slab was part of the engineering office .
tr	PAST	Her smile pierced his heart .
tr	PRES	Andrea scented him , though , male musk and anger .
tr	PRES	She snuck a glance at her handsome neighbor .
tr	PAST	" I am glad that you are well , " she uttered at last , though it was absolutely not what she was trying to say .
tr	PRES	He explains how each of the crops was doing , and the price of grain and the ideas he has for expanding the acres under cultivation .
tr	PAST	The woman retreated to the porch , tears rolling off her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Kincaid preferred physical activities that had a lethal edge to them .
tr	PAST	The reminder that their family was not a family anymore soured Cory 's stomach .
tr	PAST	I dared a glance back down the hall , wondering if I 'd find a Death Walker charging at us .
tr	PRES	I hobble into the kitchen , my muscles and joints screaming with every step .
tr	PRES	" Like springtime , seasoned . "
tr	PAST	Honey , would you pass the salt . "
tr	PRES	" Chaos , " I echo .
tr	PRES	My pocket begins to vibrate .
tr	PAST	Everyone dealt with the pressure differently , and finals were approaching .
tr	PAST	After three legions of human soldiers left the field and began to march , Caesar urged his four horses forward .
tr	PAST	He saw that its glass doors had been shattered , the electronic latch destroyed .
tr	PAST	Turning my head toward the front I exhaled heavily again .
tr	PAST	Far away , a huge owl banked , circled a large , rambling house built into the cliffs , and approached it warily .
tr	PAST	I doubted the timing was accidental .
tr	PAST	" You 're a terrible liar , " I grunted , although I was three seconds from taking him up on his offer .
tr	PAST	" I acted impulsively . "
tr	PAST	The puff awaited its turn .
tr	PRES	The waitress brings our third round and removes the scraps .
tr	PAST	After a few words of farewell , Summer replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	They are so real , they scare him .
tr	PRES	And just as obviously smitten by Zack 's bartender .
tr	PRES	She falls silent and starts chewing her nails again , biting hard .
tr	PAST	I 've never doubted his love for us .
tr	PAST	The sedan froze six inches from my fingertips .
tr	PAST	He screeched and turned in an instant .
tr	PAST	Close ups of the windows revealed the contents of each room .
tr	PAST	" So you collected my memories ? "
tr	PRES	Vera tries to remember Frank 's wife 's name .
tr	PAST	' You 're doing the same thing , ' he tersely accused .
tr	PRES	Another sad ending of the life of a fine soldier boil .
tr	PAST	His bad temper only served to inflame her own .
tr	PRES	Mick returns then with my beer , and I nod in thanks .
tr	PRES	Even stops to talk to a couple of the interns who are on the side closest to the door .
tr	PRES	Micha points to a crumbling shack in the middle of the field .
tr	PRES	" A Dr. Duval .
tr	PRES	Heat crawls up her cheeks and she considers concealing herself higher again .
tr	PRES	He rose , the swell of killing anger in him making him calmer , not crazed .
tr	PAST	The crowd collectively inhaled .
tr	PRES	Eli 's raspy voice wraps around me and it feels like I can 't breathe .
tr	PAST	I slapped him as hard as I could .
tr	PAST	One of the graduate courses I took to get my Graduate Degree in Economics required it .
tr	PAST	But our link exposed me , too , showing more than I ever wanted anyone to see .
tr	PRES	The headlights of the old pickup shone on teal blue , shuttered windows that interrupted the monotony of deep brown cedar siding .
tr	PRES	As if she 's shedding all the ways she protects herself .
tr	PRES	Her eyes darken , and she turns away .
tr	PRES	Her hands rubbed at the water cascading down her face , her eyes blinking rapidly .
tr	PRES	" Very wise of them .
tr	PAST	Rachel perked up at the thought .
tr	PRES	Anthony reaches his fingers through the crack .
tr	PAST	The elevator doors chimed open , cutting off his query .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to speak but nothing comes out .
tr	PAST	He storms off down the hall .
tr	PRES	" Serves him right for leaving me out in the cold , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Hindu god blue skin .
tr	PAST	" Get back , " she exhaled .
tr	PAST	I rummaged inside my backpack , looking for the papers I had prepared the night before .
tr	PAST	At that instant all thought fled his mind except for one .
tr	PAST	" Thanks ... Ivan , " He grunted , thrusting a small white pill and a glass into my hands .
tr	PRES	The wife deserves a heads up just to make the coming battle fair . "
tr	PRES	She reaches out and puts her hand on my arm , soft .
tr	PAST	" He 's been traveling a lot , " Teri reiterated , placing emphasis on the he .
tr	PAST	He pinched the skin between his dark eyebrows .
tr	PRES	In difficult times , in dark times , some people shine . "
tr	PRES	Lynn launches a plastic cup at him , which he deflects .
tr	PAST	It also provided him with a ready supply of food for his " things " .
tr	PAST	" Thank you " stated Simon looking down at his hands .
tr	PAST	Those green eyes twinkled in their way that shot something straight into her heart .
tr	PRES	It shone in my eyes , and I had to squint against it , turning my face away .
tr	PAST	The sadness in Stefan 's eyes deepened .
tr	PRES	And that changes everything .
tr	PAST	Hotel room , she surmised .
tr	PAST	I regarded the Sword for a moment .
tr	PAST	I cleaned you and tucked you back in .
tr	PAST	And all the time the guitar hooted and screamed and sang out the melody .
tr	PAST	Titus collapsed onto the floor with relief when she was done , caressing the back of his neck to find it smooth and unblemished once more .
tr	PRES	Cade opens the front door and catches me coming down the stairs and he lets out a low whistle .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , but his eyes are wide enough that I know he 's also worried about me .
tr	PRES	' ' I like how you say borrow . "
tr	PAST	" Morgan made cookies , " Brandon squealed .
tr	PRES	Having already scoped out the location earlier , he approaches the conference room and stops outside the door , listening .
tr	PRES	" It helps more over the long-haul than drinking does .
tr	PRES	" ... then we 're talking millions of deaths here , Dr. Tyson .
tr	PAST	She piled everything in the back of her closet and shut the door .
tr	PAST	First my stalker , and now I feel violated because you made all these decisions without me .
tr	PAST	We swooped in and settled on the parapet just before father came puffing up the steep stairs .
tr	PRES	" Time to sleep , buddy .
tr	PRES	Nicole 's brows knit together as if she wished she could confirm Sara 's identity .
tr	PRES	He mumbled " parallel universes ... ?
tr	PRES	The fizzy wine tickles my nose as I take a sip , savoring the sweetness .
tr	PRES	He considers work a disease .
tr	PRES	As she , Pete and Steve eat , the radio plays softly .
tr	PAST	He shuffled his feet .
tr	PAST	Her waist , so small , so perfectly designed , the triangle of tight blond curls below beckoning him .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with it for three or four minutes until I worked out how it functioned .
tr	PRES	The void slows time as best it can , but it is not nearly enough to save them both .
tr	PAST	You 're lucky we 're not busy today , " she chided as she chased after Lucas into the back room .
tr	PRES	As they go , Vera presses a huge container of waffles on them , loaded with strawberries , maple syrup and just a dusting of icing sugar .
tr	PAST	He withdrew into himself a little as he thought of her , letting the conversation of his new friends wash over him .
tr	PAST	Dark shirt and trousers that matched the lock of hair that fell across the left side of his sharp cheekbone .
tr	PAST	She instantly withdrew her fangs .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , I 'm keeping track , " Lira joked .
tr	PRES	I mumbled as I let him drag me through the crowd .
tr	PRES	Godfrey deserves some rest from that task ; I can carry this burden now . "
tr	PRES	She reaches down and grabs my ear with one hand and Warren 's with the other .
tr	PAST	Her hands fisted at her sides .
tr	PRES	" We assume he got help from a fellow prisoner . "
tr	PRES	Expertly he twirls them about in his hands to feel their weight .
tr	PRES	Firestorm Commando points at me and shakes his head , clearly disappointed that I 'm still alive .
tr	PRES	" We don 't have a lot of time left , " Eden whispers to me when the lab techs leave us to talk in peace .
tr	PAST	She stared at him , mute , her hope of freedom shattered .
tr	PAST	No one , but no one , dared to ever call her the " crazy cat lady ; " at least not where she could hear them .
tr	PRES	' And Kaspar ? '
tr	PAST	' Someone tipped off the press about that so they couldn 't do anything about it .
tr	PAST	She stole a brief look at Scott 's unconscious and battered body .
tr	PRES	" For just South Beach ?
tr	PRES	" What about Alix ?
tr	PRES	he said , his tone cheerful .
tr	PAST	The arm froze in mid-air .
tr	PRES	Before I can continue , the guard reaches out , grabs my free arm , and pulls me close .
tr	PRES	' Because you 're the only one who stands in our way .
tr	PAST	I leaped up , snatching my knee away from his hand .
tr	PRES	" My apologies for jumping to conclusions .
tr	PAST	Isabella slapped the charm on her forehead .
tr	PAST	With a practiced skill Simone lightly sketched the outline of a walking dress with a hint of military crispness in the tailored skirt and square neckline .
tr	PRES	Flynn wraps his arm around my waist , " Where 'd you go just now ? "
tr	PAST	Beneath the hooves of the dawn horses , the sea monster flicked her tails .
tr	PRES	And a loving , devoted husband coming through the front door , his arms filled with presents for the kids .
tr	PRES	" Very ingenious . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , grabbing Emily 's hand harder .
tr	PAST	He flicked it away absentmindedly .
tr	PRES	" Not me , Mr. Woods . "
tr	PAST	Jain doubted if he could handle himself in a fistfight .
tr	PAST	The dragon glided and flipped in the air , avoiding each falling wreckage .
tr	PRES	" I 'm Haley , but they tell me I 'll have a new name by next week , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	In his rush to pick up the ball , he loses control of it and it bounces away .
tr	PAST	They slapped against the asphalt , with the policeman bearing most of the weight .
tr	PAST	She inhaled and spoke in a rush .
tr	PRES	She stills , then turns slowly .
tr	PAST	Looking over her colorful skin , I trusted she was an expert .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes Richard yawned and then rose to his feet pretending that he had just woken up .
tr	PRES	Zoey : " Have it your way , but you 'll be sorry ! "
tr	PAST	Lord Brogan regarded his son closely for several moments before heaving a large sigh .
tr	PRES	Cooper chews the popcorn then reaches for his water on the bedside table .
tr	PRES	It allows him more privacy and keeps the curious from taking pictures outside the store . "
tr	PAST	As she tidied up , shredded documents and erased files , she feared for her family .
tr	PAST	She giggled and watched the fish jump back into the water .
tr	PAST	The man who gave them a home when they felt abandoned .
tr	PRES	She loves me so much that even after everything that I did to her , Rachel couldn 't bring herself to kill me . "
tr	PAST	She pretended to notice the inner office .
tr	PAST	Maybe those two sips of rum punch messed with my head .
tr	PAST	She sensed the unhappiness lying just beneath the surface in Maggie Frampton .
tr	PRES	" Yup , " I mutter back , slightly dazed .
tr	PRES	Relief washes through me and I fall onto a nearby bench as he answers me .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the wind .
tr	PAST	The sharp sound of bones breaking reverberated through the room as his body bounced off of the stairs below before plummeting out of view .
tr	PAST	She quietly exclaimed , examining the grainy residue and voicing doubt and wonder as to its existence .
tr	PRES	... you remember the name of your instructor ? "
tr	PRES	" Not repulsive . "
tr	PRES	" For My Family . "
tr	PAST	Lucky twirled her hair in her fingers .
tr	PAST	After several deep breaths , I shuffle down rows and rows of tables lined up on the side of the park closest to the museum .
tr	PAST	He propped the little toy animal up , but it fell over to the side under its own weight .
tr	PAST	She hooked a leg over his , enjoying the way they fit .
tr	PRES	It uses more energy than it 's worth , so the government is not really anxious to push it right now by giving it publicity .
tr	PRES	" Auntie Maggie its Jason .
tr	PRES	" All sorts of questions , today .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetie .
tr	PAST	She shouldn 't have had him come here , let alone served him a drink .
tr	PAST	Elias squinted at Gwen .
tr	PRES	" Everyone huddle right here . "
tr	PAST	The crowd circled around once more , the whispers and chatter of conversation getting louder and more excited .
tr	PRES	He stands over her , raises his tail and prepares to snap the sharp point into her skull .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	David 's mission notes advised Abbas and Yousef were moderates , and that both men had enjoyed a fruitful relationship with the American foreign policies department .
tr	PAST	For many days thee cowered , fearful of life itself , until a bird up yonder distracted thee .
tr	PRES	I assume it 's his breakfast .
tr	PAST	The former stuffed his hands inside the pockets of his dark jacket , slowly beginning to follow the other man who was striding back around the lake .
tr	PAST	Winkler pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	" So you just hopped on a plane and flew down here to see if he was okay ? "
tr	PAST	Tenderly , she cleaned him off and kneeled beside his feet .
tr	PRES	Sweat collects on my eyelids .
tr	PAST	" Everybody but the Command Center crew outside in the passage . "
tr	PRES	Turning , I lean in and kiss my husband 's cheek , overwhelmed with love for both of these men in my life .
tr	PAST	" My friends trusted me to keep it a secret , and I won 't betray them .
tr	PRES	Dawn creeps across the sky .
tr	PAST	Roy eyed her suspiciously .
tr	PAST	She sat hunched forward , her forearms resting on her knees , chewing methodically .
tr	PAST	She cleaned meticulously , and Sherry was very impressed .
tr	PAST	Ryan shadowed her steps .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	- fucking - " Bite . "
tr	PRES	He sighs and elaborates .
tr	PRES	She whipped her head around and met me stare for stare .
tr	PAST	I slowed down , glancing over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to tell McBride about them .
tr	PAST	A document with a section highlighted in yellow filled the screen .
tr	PRES	" The real-estate agent . "
tr	PRES	She opens her arms to welcome it just like the dreamers did the apparitions .
tr	PRES	And her request that he go with her ?
tr	PAST	Marianne squealed like a teenage girl and clapped .
tr	PRES	He reaches for his shirt draped on the bedpost and I have to step back so his arm doesn 't brush my breast .
tr	PAST	He yawned and then headed toward the gymnasiums exit .
tr	PAST	He sniffed , then began rummaging happily through her ordered stacks .
tr	PAST	They split up just like they had planned earlier and were fading into the darkness by the time Stokes made it near their hiding place .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed again , as she quickly shushed him .
tr	PRES	Luke snorts a laugh as he spills some tequila onto the ground .
tr	PRES	" Trust me , no woman wants to see the man she loves with another woman .
tr	PAST	These two novels dealt closest with me though never was a word uttered that had anything to do with me or any conversation we had .
tr	PAST	He simply strung feathery kisses across her cheeks , her forehead , her jaw .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved upward in a trace of a smile .
tr	PRES	" More miracles ? "
tr	PRES	" Pretty Mama . "
tr	PAST	It would , Della sensed it .
tr	PAST	she pinched my chin tightly between her thumb and forefinger , and then moved my head in a circle , inspecting it for who knew what .
tr	PAST	" You know what it 's like when he has to catch an early ferry , " she lied , not looking at her daughter .
tr	PAST	Then he withdrew his hand and almost turned to walk away .
tr	PAST	Sam pondered the question briefly and then realized what she was doing and nearly smacked herself in the head .
tr	PAST	She quickly averted her gaze from the double bed covered in a blue spread .
tr	PAST	" Trees , " I lied .
tr	PAST	He stares at me , stroking his fingers behind his ear .
tr	PRES	To the left and right of me , the world over , she slew those I had loved or known .
tr	PAST	Bolts bounced off the cruiser 's shield and ricocheted everywhere .
tr	PAST	He slapped her ass making her tense and cry out .
tr	PAST	His negligence resulted in some gruesome accidents .
tr	PRES	I vaguely recall pulling on her curls . "
tr	PAST	I nuzzle my face in her neck a moment .
tr	PAST	A long time later Gabe awoke to the sound of rain on the roof .
tr	PAST	She slowly untied the pink ribbon , lifted the box top , and set it aside .
tr	PRES	The door opens and a fat , middle-aged lady squints down at us .
tr	PAST	Nate , Summer , and Pigeon collected their backpacks and followed him out .
tr	PAST	I threaded my fingers through her hair , pushing her head closer to me .
tr	PRES	Rachel opens the box of Band-Aids and searches through it as if she 's an actual doctor picking a scalpel .
tr	PRES	Your father recommending the closure of the project could have saved thousands of other patients from a similar fate " , he concludes , hopefully .
tr	PAST	She steered him to the door .
tr	PAST	My illicit thoughts when it came to Jackson never ceased to amaze me .
tr	PAST	I tugged at the neck of my T-shirt , hoping to find some sort of relief .
tr	PRES	He sighs and walks out , bumping into me hard on his way past , but I 'm not sure if it 's intentional .
tr	PAST	The dwarves elected their kings based on the manifestation of uncanny powers , while the elves shared their power fully amongst each sect .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , lifting the tumbler that she had just filled .
tr	PAST	A blaring squeal of tires pierced my ears .
tr	PRES	" The signal ? "
tr	PAST	Adele surreptitiously regarded Rafe from beneath her lashes and found he looked preoccupied and distant .
tr	PRES	she rips the word out .
tr	PRES	She loves you , but I don 't know if she 'll ever be the person you need her to be , Rhett . "
tr	PRES	" What a psycho , " Jason mumbled .
tr	PAST	The men split off , heading for the two doors .
tr	PRES	Worry washes through her face .
tr	PRES	He sees them as clients one day . "
tr	PRES	" Hear the earth sing to you . "
tr	PAST	I tensed , trying to push the pain away , but it was no use .
tr	PRES	He glances around the mostly vacant cafe like he 's almost forgotten where we were .
tr	PRES	I steal one more of his fries , just to show him who 's boss .
tr	PRES	It causes a lump to form in my throat .
tr	PAST	A gun cocked , and Jake was scared for his life .
tr	PAST	" You guys planning on spending the night crouched behind your trees ? "
tr	PRES	The glowing moon shone down upon him , illuminating the sloping land , and William realized where the wolf was leading him .
tr	PRES	" Damned if I do and if I don 't , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" That no matter what we have to do to get out of here you vow that we keep any secrets shared between us .
tr	PAST	He slapped a heavy white envelope against Taro 's chest .
tr	PRES	Chapter Four A sensation akin to having just swallowed a brick settled into Cassie 's stomach .
tr	PRES	I murmur looking up to the sky , feeling very sad and heavy now .
tr	PAST	Halfway down to the next floor , my little brother yawned , and I instantly felt guilty .
tr	PAST	She feared it might attack her , and she tried to move .
tr	PAST	And I pledge myself to you .
tr	PAST	Lorena 's disgusted eyes bore into Suzy .
tr	PAST	The soft jungle floor absorbed their footfalls and no bird or animal could be heard to cry out in the canopy above them .
tr	PRES	Where ya been , Miss Katie ?
tr	PRES	Now , what about this invitation ? "
tr	PRES	The silence , where he could imagine his own heartbeat keeping pace with the regular thud of the air filters .
tr	PRES	as deafening as thunder bursts out .
tr	PRES	I can see her face light up , her demeanor relax .
tr	PAST	After school , she skipped her decorating meeting and raced home .
tr	PRES	" Your mom and brother tel me that Ty wil easily be snatched up by a big Division I team . "
tr	PAST	Isabella clasped her hands .
tr	PRES	His humming ceases and I turn back to the front again , smiling at the calmness .
tr	PAST	In the center was the donations box covered in kitty cat wrapping paper and above it featured the poster board showing many of the adoptable felines .
tr	PRES	" But , Luc ... it 's not .
tr	PRES	Max sees him first and gives him a polite nod .
tr	PAST	Without bothering to get up he scooted his rucksack pillow out of the light 's path , adjusted it then drifted off again .
tr	PAST	When she was ready , she tugged at the blouse until it hung just right , smiling at what she saw .
tr	PAST	As he kissed his way down her body he took care of her clothes , inhaling sharply with every inch of bare skin he exposed .
tr	PAST	As he reached the fifth decade of beads , Sophia awoke with a gasp .
tr	PRES	George asked , his gaze fal ing on the paper .
tr	PAST	He froze , as if expecting a surprise .
tr	PRES	" Here you go , buddy .
tr	PAST	We chased after Lord and the woman , but the dogs attacked .
tr	PAST	Like , as in , enrolled at our school .
tr	PAST	I giggled as a few more drops of rain tapped me on the head .
tr	PAST	Julian approved and the man poured him each a glass .
tr	PRES	The put cages at the point where Brother George was going to receive the messages during the games .
tr	PAST	Thomas adjusted the rate of descent - slower , slower .
tr	PRES	Amy likes roast beef and turkey .
tr	PRES	Says he wants to stay in D Camp forever . "
tr	PAST	Tasha marveled at the hand-carved path of stairs that stood before them .
tr	PRES	Those forced to avoid contact fixed me with icy glares , and I was shocked to hear one whisper , " Slut . "
tr	PRES	Rising out of his chair he quickly collects his jacket , jams his long arms furiously into it and storms out of the restaurant .
tr	PRES	It allows initialization and activation for the return trip .
tr	PAST	Chapter Nineteen Pagan Black chiffon floated above my head as I opened my eyes .
tr	PAST	He sensed sadness , felt it in the stillness between them .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a memory surfaces .
tr	PAST	" Not so much singing , sir , " Cheery reported .
tr	PAST	" He just doesn 't have any social graces , " Jo countered .
tr	PRES	" It 's true , Dr. Meadows .
tr	PAST	Her stomach pitched when she considered the possibility of a mortal and a demonic undead being intimate .
tr	PRES	I steal cars for money .
tr	PAST	" That is not all , Señor Seguin , " she uttered bluntly , adding , " Sit back down ! " .
tr	PRES	I absorb all these things in one big inhale , which is wrong since my room smells like well , perfume with cookies and chocolate .
tr	PRES	My fingertips ran their way down his chest , stopping at his " Live and let die " tattoo smack dab on his heart .
tr	PRES	But you assume that there needs to be something left of me to continue on .
tr	PAST	Haven sniffed and rubbed her nose .
tr	PAST	Aaron plopped down beside me on the couch , his movement knocking the book from my hand .
tr	PAST	Her eyebrow cocked up .
tr	PAST	A squirrel paused on a branch , its head cocked .
tr	PRES	The football team bleeds into the area with Coop leading the pack .
tr	PRES	" No , Dank , please , " I begged .
tr	PAST	I swiped a finger across the screen of the phone and moved to the edge of the bed .
tr	PRES	' Morning , ' he yawns .
tr	PAST	I zipped up the old bag and took one last look at my bedroom .
tr	PAST	After a few moments , the first team relayed the signal from the second and the third team moved past the positions of the first team .
tr	PRES	' ' Really ? "
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE A SON ?
tr	PAST	The moonlight which had faintly illuminated the train car interior had at some point waned .
tr	PRES	When the music picks up , she flips backward , every muscle in her arm straining as she dangles by one hand .
tr	PAST	The heavyset man grunted and sat back .
tr	PRES	Whether it 's something she ate , or a tropical fever , the outcome remains the same .
tr	PAST	He transferred the hand covering her mouth to her shoulder .
tr	PRES	She strikes a pose and grins .
tr	PAST	Kiran 's hot breath tickled the back of my neck when he whispered in my ear .
tr	PRES	" For some reason , he likes to ride the bus . "
tr	PAST	As they walked towards the bridge , soldiers stiffened on either side , at attention , making way for the new patrol .
tr	PRES	" Captain , " she greeted with relief , thankful it wasn 't Derek and grateful for the respite from her thoughts .
tr	PAST	" That 's ridiculous , " Callum scoffed because it bloody well was .
tr	PRES	He offers me a sympathetic smile .
tr	PRES	" And Viktor hates our father so much that I know he would never betray us to him .
tr	PRES	" Even if I was in rehab a couple of times before ? "
tr	PRES	-- " Hush -- hush -- hush ! "
tr	PRES	When I go to open my fist to see what it is , he pushes my arm closer to my body , shielding it from general view .
tr	PRES	One lies in a triangle , the other on a pyramid . '
tr	PAST	She crouched to stop Bailey from sniffing his shoes , glad her dog was acting more like his old self today .
tr	PAST	he gritted , even knowing it was a stupid question .
tr	PRES	Of course , large ice cream consumption helps . "
tr	PAST	He followed her clumsily , his hands still outstretched .
tr	PRES	His dark hair falls forward from where he 'd tucked it behind his ears but he doesn 't push it back .
tr	PRES	Tenchi pushes me through the school car park and into his ancient grey car .
tr	PRES	My father points at me and narrows his eyes .
tr	PAST	" A gift from me to you for services rendered . "
tr	PRES	Because our vision dims is no reason to conclude that infinity lies beyond .
tr	PAST	I know you can do it , " her father reassured .
tr	PRES	Hearing the anxiety exuding from my tone , he embraces me .
tr	PAST	She crawled into the copilot 's seat and sat down .
tr	PAST	Alyosha tipped an imaginary hat to him .
tr	PAST	When she heard the sound of my approach , she ceased to utter exclamations of grief and horror and sprung towards the window .
tr	PRES	' Then why Desert Fox ? '
tr	PRES	" That even tastes rich . "
tr	PAST	With fury radiating from him , Henry stormed across the room to where I sat .
tr	PAST	I pondered the jar in front of me .
tr	PRES	She crawls close and rests her head on my shoulder , but I wince away because she puts pressure on my injured bicep .
tr	PAST	Beside me Benny shuffled and stumbled along , threatening to collapse with every step .
tr	PAST	I race out of the classroom and down the empty hallways .
tr	PRES	He ruffled her hair and laughed .
tr	PRES	" Watch your smart mouth , Megan , " I warn her .
tr	PRES	My little brother giggles .
tr	PAST	Guilt shadowed her eyes and caused her to chew at her lower lip as she glanced back to the table .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're seeing her today , too ? "
tr	PRES	" On the rear lawn . "
tr	PAST	I sobbed in pain and anger and started limping toward him , practically dragging my bloodied leg behind me , gun at my side .
tr	PAST	" She lied . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't look at me like that , you scare me .
tr	PAST	" Tell them we 'll take their generous offer , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	He plunged a finger inside her , nearly exploding when she exclaimed her pleasure into his mouth .
tr	PAST	When they climbed out of the Crown Victoria and opened the trunk to remove boxes , the same woman emerged from her car .
tr	PRES	The rounded balloons soar then bounce side to side .
tr	PAST	" Baby , " he crooned into her damp recesses .
tr	PAST	Andy claimed that we could both use rest and fluids , so back into the dungeon we went .
tr	PRES	And thanks for opening up to me , Tam .
tr	PRES	He glances over to me and smiles .
tr	PRES	" Probably , your Highness . "
tr	PAST	Its long powerful body convulsed , its hind legs kicking .
tr	PAST	Final y , we shuffled to the front of the line and boarded the bus .
tr	PAST	He replaced the sadness with a smile .
tr	PRES	She points to one of the targets , where three arrows surround the yellow bullseye .
tr	PRES	A strap under the thick denim holds a gun that he insisted was necessary .
tr	PAST	Fear clogged her throat and her breathing sped up until she was almost hyperventilating .
tr	PAST	' Mexico , ' I stated , ignoring her look of sheer surprise .
tr	PAST	The pain in her temples subsided into a dull throbbing .
tr	PRES	She fisted her hands and battered me weakly , her nails drawing thin trails of blood .
tr	PAST	Enlarged photos of the flooring shadowed with burn marks .
tr	PAST	With a battle cry that shattered through the mists , Celaena plunged Damaris into the earth .
tr	PRES	He slams the door shut .
tr	PAST	Logan dusted a few leaves off his designer jeans , then glanced up to find me staring at him .
tr	PRES	" The Creator ? "
tr	PAST	I holstered my gun and wrapped my arms around Callum 's waist , pressing my face into his chest and letting out a long breath .
tr	PRES	His brother stops moving , but still he continues .
tr	PRES	One bite causes paralysis .
tr	PRES	" You okay , hon ?
tr	PRES	I assume that you know how important it is to a government that there be a secure , stable plan for succession . "
tr	PAST	Thunder rumbled above him .
tr	PAST	" Yes ... yes ... yes ... " Taking all that he was , blossoming like a flower beneath him , lush with such promise .
tr	PAST	Liz exited her house , walked to Hayden 's Audi , and sat down in the passenger seat .
tr	PRES	" This offers a fair chance to the common man or woman to be involved in their government at the highest level .
tr	PAST	She eyed the safe section of her closet .
tr	PRES	" Your realtor ? "
tr	PAST	As do I. Bat volunteered to do the honors . "
tr	PAST	" Activate the sequence , " he instructed Cindy .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " Angelina lied , uneasily .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through his back as Gremlin bit down , hundreds of teeth tearing and grinding , ripping into flesh and laying him open .
tr	PAST	Chad snaked his hand out and grabbed her wrist , pulling her off balance and causing her chest to fall against his .
tr	PRES	He points at James .
tr	PAST	A shred of doubt still lingered in the back of her mind .
tr	PRES	" And our investigation of V ? "
tr	PRES	He stands and sits on the end of my bed .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , waiting for an explosion of furious incredulity .
tr	PAST	Count Calderon exhaled heavily , and breathed , " Thank you , Your Grace . "
tr	PAST	He babbled on about Isaac and a promise he couldn 't keep .
tr	PAST	" You 've done nothing wrong , Sarah , " he stated firmly .
tr	PAST	Lou regained his footing and was standing chest deep in the river 10 feet away from shore .
tr	PRES	She mumbled , " Angelina . "
tr	PRES	I urge you not to go . "
tr	PAST	He squinted at me through the black hair in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Waters jolted awake , overwhelmed with nausea , as her cryo capsule roused her from slumber .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Considering who lived here , she doubted it .
tr	PAST	She extended her bird-like arm out to Layla as if to pull her into a group hug .
tr	PAST	Within a few seconds , the nose of the same beast reappeared .
tr	PRES	I tickle her ribs .
tr	PRES	" You are a devil , " I teased .
tr	PAST	His face glowed crimson and his body language was tight .
tr	PAST	Caught off balance , she screeched until he stopped .
tr	PAST	The waitress returned with their food and everyone toasted the plan with their water glasses .
tr	PAST	I slapped David 's arm .
tr	PRES	" One of particular interest to the Order and to me personally as well . "
tr	PRES	No gun on his ankle yet , though .
tr	PRES	" Reyes - " " He 'll destroy her , Lucien . "
tr	PAST	I grunted in frustration .
tr	PRES	Everything hinges on her . "
tr	PRES	Jace 's head hit the metal floor , his ears ringing as Simon 's teeth sank into his neck .
tr	PAST	The bully never messed with Shane ever again .
tr	PAST	I almost split the bar with my fist as I pounded the scarred wood .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " he lied .
tr	PRES	So he returns tomorrow -- we will let the people hear , and we will bind their hearts to a false hope . "
tr	PAST	Shielding their eyes , they squinted at the enormous panel standing on the ground , pulsing gently .
tr	PAST	Before when I saw myself , they revealed nothing but hollow .
tr	PRES	The most sinister laughter booms from every direction of the Sacred Realm .
tr	PRES	" You signing up ? "
tr	PRES	" Come on , bro !
tr	PAST	Hurt carved out the lines of her face , and her lower lip trembled .
tr	PRES	He tries to roll up his cigarette , but his hands are shaking .
tr	PRES	" But I - " " I will talk to her , Isabella . "
tr	PRES	He reaches up and takes it between his fingers .
tr	PAST	He occasionally attended the chapel services held for his cabinet and executive staff .
tr	PRES	He loves doing that sort of thing .
tr	PRES	Car crash out on River Road .
tr	PAST	Ryan awoke with a start .
tr	PAST	Then she sped up her performance , the beat of the song becoming more quick and cheery .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know who she is , the blood that runs through her veins , the reason for her absence . "
tr	PRES	And he loves you .
tr	PRES	Except they were pitch black and had talons on the top .
tr	PAST	Her eyes opened , she beheld a large jackknife in her face .
tr	PRES	Mom murmurs something soothing about making sure it complies with the bylaws , and having her staff look into it .
tr	PAST	Callie dialed Poe 's number .
tr	PAST	She conjured up a pleasant expression as they shook .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 Colin froze and every circuit in his brain seemed to short out .
tr	PRES	" As a mathematician I first reduce this double problem to a single problem . "
tr	PRES	With my stepmother , who lives in her own , clueless world .
tr	PAST	Its engines churned and the dark gray bulk rode through waves toward the city .
tr	PRES	Might as well cop to it .
tr	PRES	" No you weren 't , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	" Don 't look at me like that or we 'll never get out of here , " Sierra begged him .
tr	PAST	The moon glowed overhead , though its curve was waning .
tr	PRES	He lies motionless on the grass .
tr	PRES	He throws another and I dodge it .
tr	PAST	Eva exclaimed stroking his freshly cleaned fur .
tr	PRES	The crowd quickly thinned a block over .
tr	PAST	His cell phone vibrated with a text message .
tr	PAST	She tensed as if to jump out of her seat , but he pressed her back in place .
tr	PAST	It shattered my senses and being far away from this world , far away from everything apart from one thing .
tr	PRES	" Making peace in a glass house with a sledgehammer ... " Robert whispers .
tr	PRES	After a second , it begins to feel less like a dream .
tr	PRES	" An apology for starters . "
tr	PRES	The sun shone like a yellow bruise through the tinted window .
tr	PRES	Opening the refrigerator , he sees that except for some old pizza , it 's packed from top to bottom with beer .
tr	PRES	I shout at him .
tr	PRES	He gazes out toward the east and it 's so clear he can see the silvery bridge that connects the end of Flatbush Avenue to the Rockaways .
tr	PAST	He motioned to an overstuffed chair .
tr	PAST	Now that she 'd regained her freedom , worries and uncertainties churned through her mind .
tr	PRES	Sandor dives aside , grunting as he lands hard on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Because it 's just common courtesy to help someone in trouble .
tr	PAST	Captain Alden crouched on the far side of it , next to the boy .
tr	PRES	" I will have to pay you when we get home later , " Maya whispers with annoyance .
tr	PRES	Our enemy holds all the cards , and this is the only lead we 've got .
tr	PRES	" Well , I haven 't , " Hawk mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	His arms convulsed around her , his lips mashing to her forehead , to her cheeks , her lips , his heart overflowing .
tr	PRES	" I asked you if you were sure , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	" Fanny Mildred Bogart . "
tr	PRES	" You should really think about never running again , Irish , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	The image fades and appears again as if rewound , I can see one of the players , it is Jez and his opponent is me .
tr	PAST	Not knowing if Kate had lied to him .
tr	PAST	During the day , they visited museums and the gardens , or simply traversed the steep streets of Monaco .
tr	PRES	She stretches herself and walks in circles around the cell a few times to clear her head .
tr	PRES	I dedicate this book to them and especially to my husband , Greg .
tr	PAST	She piled the broken pieces of the basin on the desk in a neat stack .
tr	PAST	Her hot breath bounced back at her inside the bag , making her think of a tomb .
tr	PRES	" Probably all of the above if they have their way , " Charlie supplies the punch line .
tr	PRES	The queen wishes to know if she works . "
tr	PRES	" So , " he guessed , " the summer intern proceeds to get pregnant by said partner , basking in the thrill of his attention . "
tr	PRES	" A Natural ? "
tr	PAST	she leaped up , almost toppling the chair .
tr	PAST	His eyes sought Bart again ; he found him standing in the far corner .
tr	PAST	She 'd driven for so long that night had descended on her once more , a black shroud to cover her beloved home .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	John engaged in the conversation .
tr	PRES	Her voice fills my ears , full of warmth and playfulness .
tr	PRES	" A Copper ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes fluttered open , then squinted as he caught Thomas 's gaze .
tr	PRES	Inquisitors , some on horseback and some on foot , patrol the bridges .
tr	PAST	His whole demeanor changed , the sunny , charismatic force somewhat dimmed .
tr	PRES	" Because he loves you . "
tr	PAST	Grabbing a napkin , he cleaned his hands off as he stood .
tr	PAST	" Dammit , Ty , " Nick grunted .
tr	PRES	A soldier carries out a heap of ragged homespun robes .
tr	PRES	" Not the backstage passes you imagined . "
tr	PAST	We named him Telemachus .
tr	PRES	Then the door opens , and I fall forward , almost crashing into Ian .
tr	PRES	" And you approve of that ? "
tr	PRES	I watched the lights flit around the forest some more , dozens of them .
tr	PAST	The communications link on the wall buzzed again .
tr	PAST	" Strip , " he uttered quietly , deadly serious .
tr	PAST	Beth squealed as the engine grew louder upon the truck 's approach .
tr	PAST	Eliza flagged down a waitress and ordered a martini .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , " he snorts .
tr	PAST	He advanced toward me , and I stumbled backward .
tr	PAST	His breath rasped out through his partially opened mouth .
tr	PAST	He attempted to explain , but the words were trapped in his heart .
tr	PRES	He talks straight , and he isn 't afraid to have you talk straight back to him . "
tr	PRES	" McIntosh , I - I - " " Shh , not here . "
tr	PAST	But what about the clocks and that hideous laughter ? "
tr	PAST	Gretchen anticipated April 's answer , but had to ask anyway .
tr	PRES	He pinches my nipples just hard enough , and I cry out as the first thundering shockwave of pleasure runs through me .
tr	PRES	Kai whipped his head around , locked gazes with the man in the trench coat , and quickly looked back to his coffee .
tr	PAST	Her other hand slapped against his chest as she tried to shove herself up and away from him .
tr	PRES	" A martyr ? "
tr	PAST	" I did , " Miranda mumbled , looking decidedly un comfortable .
tr	PRES	She slams hard into my shoulder as she makes her way back into the crowd .
tr	PRES	" Not what you 're working with , " she corrects .
tr	PAST	Tessa resigned herself to the inevitable , glad that she hadn 't started fooling herself into hoping for any more from him .
tr	PRES	But don 't go back there , Tabby . "
tr	PAST	Lalibela glided down to a blocky mesa that seemed more devoid of greenery and topsoil than the others .
tr	PAST	" There 's a difference , " he countered .
tr	PAST	I thanked her and kissed her cheek , and then she was gone .
tr	PAST	I willed my heart to stop pounding while also having the presence of mind to latch the carriage door .
tr	PAST	Together , they fled in the only direction they could , running down another tunnel .
tr	PRES	His jaw hardens and his careful facade begins to fall away .
tr	PAST	A feral growl rumbled through him , and he lifted her hips , angling their bodies so he could slide fractionally deeper .
tr	PRES	" We were fine until she started spending so much goddamn time with him - , " Adam begins to say .
tr	PAST	She tensed when she felt the hard imprint of his teeth grazing her collarbone .
tr	PRES	As if he 's planned it , he reaches into his jacket pocket and retrieves a juice box .
tr	PAST	He steered her away from the photos and she wondered what it was about the picture that had made him turn it over .
tr	PAST	Karen circled around Lea , but Lea managed to keep up and didn 't let Karen get out of sight .
tr	PRES	" She likes the gardens .
tr	PRES	Driver glares at the reporter in stunned silence , unfamiliar with this information .
tr	PRES	It seeps through the tiny spaces around the doors and windows and crawls under my skin , seeking out my hunger like nothing else can .
tr	PAST	He exhaled as he started rowing .
tr	PRES	Laila 's voice stops my finger just before I hit the call button .
tr	PAST	He flicked on the headlight , hoping Nik would do the same .
tr	PRES	Suddenly an umbrella and a huge jacket covers my body , Blake carries me to the car .
tr	PAST	The minute she entered an empty space , the car uttered one last groan and promptly died .
tr	PAST	But instead you established the corporation for me and permitted me to divert my earnings into it . "
tr	PRES	he curves his arms , walking towards her .
tr	PAST	I smacked into the wall with my cheekbone , and I think it will just be a black eye and a bruise . "
tr	PAST	He bore it himself for many years . '
tr	PRES	" Sorry , bro .
tr	PRES	He sat up in the bed and looked down at her , her body damp and glowing like the sky .
tr	PRES	Might as wel teach them now to make a stand . "
tr	PAST	" Sort of , " he hedged .
tr	PAST	I sought his pouting , bottom lip and sucked it into my mouth .
tr	PAST	The sea monster shrieked , splashed backwards , and flung water everywhere .
tr	PRES	" So , you just steal someone else 's storage metals , right ? "
tr	PRES	My dad likes Alec but I know that he certainly doesn 't want to think of him kissing his little girl .
tr	PRES	She wraps the tail around itself and pins it firmly in place , like a topknot .
tr	PRES	They recruit army personnel sometimes . "
tr	PAST	The connection of his heart wavered in his heavy chest .
tr	PRES	I don 't eat it , I peel it off with the shell . "
tr	PAST	He rummaged through the papers on his desk .
tr	PAST	He saluted and went about his duties .
tr	PRES	He cups my cheek , his warmth spilling through me and heating the chill I didn 't know had been residing inside me until now .
tr	PRES	I shout over to Sarah .
tr	PRES	I lean down to kiss her .
tr	PAST	I met Jamie at your party , " I lied , afraid to connect Jamie to Justin .
tr	PAST	But what things you anticipated doing . "
tr	PRES	" No changes . "
tr	PAST	The kitchen window shattered .
tr	PAST	My heart sped at the thought of those tender words coming from him .
tr	PRES	Marcus never brings girls to dinner .
tr	PAST	Got a beautiful 18th century , Italian one that Lor got me for my birthday .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't see his wife sick anymore , his worries subsided .
tr	PAST	" There is no need this evening , " he countered .
tr	PAST	Helen sniffed as she asked the question .
tr	PRES	Without remorse or hesitation he tests them .
tr	PRES	both Jean and Pierre , three and four years old , yell each picking one of their father 's legs to grab on to .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , the guys flanking the bleachers starting working their way towards either end of the soccer field , preparing to bracket us in a crossfire .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over her .
tr	PRES	In another day or so , they 'll be able to drain your life away , " Sydney whispers when she sees where I 'm looking .
tr	PAST	His lips lingered over my pulse point , his tongue brushing across the sensitive skin .
tr	PRES	" Aye , it 's good to see you laugh again , Melody .
tr	PRES	A shiver passes up his spine as the scene on the screen changes , growing until it encircles and encompasses everything and the theatre vanishes .
tr	PRES	A lamp lies shattered on the wood floor .
tr	PAST	Something about that whole incident bothered him , but he couldn 't put his finger on what .
tr	PRES	Crouching down behind a large green bush on the side of a fresh water creek , Ian hears footsteps .
tr	PAST	She inched forward , still staring at that tattoo .
tr	PAST	" You deaf , kitty ? "
tr	PAST	He toyed with a loose strand of her hair , sliding it behind her ear .
tr	PRES	When he says her name , he blushes deep red .
tr	PRES	Still , she tries .
tr	PRES	A terrible , frightening sound that made their stomachs churn and their hearts drum with horror .
tr	PRES	" What about Steven ? "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Katie .
tr	PAST	That realization spurred her to get moving .
tr	PAST	I physically jolted myself from my thoughts ; without realizing it , I had compared Will with Benson .
tr	PRES	He grasps my shoulders .
tr	PAST	He clutched her nape , dragging her close .
tr	PAST	His step faltered as he remembered how her ass had looked in the tight leather .
tr	PRES	Jesse glances over his shoulder at me , flashing a sly smile my way .
tr	PRES	Charles likes to talk and he adores information of any kind .
tr	PRES	" How big a delegation ? "
tr	PAST	" Those are called oversized rats , " Danny chimed in and Taylor hit him in the arm .
tr	PRES	" Don 't I merit some sort of greeting ? "
tr	PAST	She claimed it made it much more interesting to try to subdue him .
tr	PRES	Her hand reaches around me , and as she leans in close , I catch her scent .
tr	PRES	" Then sings my soul ... " Everyone stood and joined Judy in the chorus , " How great thou Art , How great thou Art . "
tr	PAST	I reel backward , having collided with the human equivalent of a solid brick wall .
tr	PRES	What kind of bad guy uses whom ?
tr	PAST	Our maneuver prevented them from attacking one more time .
tr	PAST	" Spencer ... " Zach eyed her over his father 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Once in the canyon , the rains lessened , as the winds were blocked .
tr	PRES	" That fails in comparison my son .
tr	PRES	I gifted Raven , and he couldn 't keep his eyes off me . "
tr	PRES	She tries , oh , Gene can be proud of how hard Gretel tries to keep her balance .
tr	PAST	" Luckily for your client , Mr Parsons , we can only prosecute on evidence , " Coombes stated .
tr	PRES	" Yes please , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	He winks at me , like we 're sharing a private joke .
tr	PRES	" But hear me , lad .
tr	PAST	She giggled , finally relaxing .
tr	PAST	Just when he decided Catfish was at the verge of drowning , his head reappeared on the surface .
tr	PRES	" So , uh ... " Courtney begins .
tr	PAST	The thought proved too much to bear , and he bit back a curse .
tr	PRES	" Because she sees me as a regular Joe . "
tr	PAST	He dusted himself off and got back in line .
tr	PRES	" Because you just quit your job . "
tr	PAST	He hooked an arm around a rung of the ladder and brought his gun around , clicking on its IR beam .
tr	PRES	" Ah ... Uninvited guests . "
tr	PAST	A pressure as it swirled around her feet .
tr	PRES	" Hyperspace , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PAST	She squinted at me mischievously .
tr	PAST	She eyed their captor , who lounged against the door .
tr	PRES	Murdoch asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	" Is Alec your lover ? "
tr	PRES	" I can 't , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	A smile curved the other woman 's lips .
tr	PRES	Other times , I ' d hang out in the gazebo where Alexander and I ' d shared romantic desserts and stolen kisses .
tr	PRES	Jeanine stands , pressing her folder to her stomach .
tr	PRES	No lies about my past or what I am .
tr	PRES	His expression clears when I sit next to him and we sit in comfortable silence .
tr	PAST	The Professor feared the day would come when impatient military leaders would come to consider his TEL a perfect candidate for disassembly .
tr	PAST	Such a gift announced that Jack planned to be seeing me for some time , since he was displaying such a great desire to please my family .
tr	PAST	What would 've sold quickly as little as a year ago lingered on the market now .
tr	PAST	Rika froze like a hare that sees the shadow of a hawk hovering overhead .
tr	PAST	The word pierced her heart .
tr	PRES	" Oh Heavens ! "
tr	PAST	Walking to the edge of the ship , I dove into the sea .
tr	PAST	For the first time ever , I hacked at the little protection mechanism that was cruelty .
tr	PRES	A sharp dagger pricks my chest .
tr	PRES	' If we play it again , what about Ed ?
tr	PRES	" No signal . "
tr	PRES	Perhaps he senses my lies , or my weakness .
tr	PRES	As soon as I mention his father , hatred mixed with vulnerability masks his face .
tr	PRES	Harlin quickly helps me up , glaring at my sister like he might murder her after all .
tr	PRES	His words echo again through my mind .
tr	PRES	The tiny stones tickle our feet .
tr	PRES	He plays with a strand of my hair , and when he speaks he does it softly into my ear .
tr	PAST	Visions of salty tortilla chips and fresh salsa tormented her .
tr	PRES	She stands and follows me outside , closing the door behind her .
tr	PRES	No more voices , just hissing static , dizziness , and drowsiness .
tr	PRES	Vel touches me lightly on the spine , unseen , and I remember to lower my eyes for a count of five .
tr	PRES	" All of a sudden this water drips on my head .
tr	PRES	" Gear closet . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , knowing that I had to make my position perfectly clear or he wouldn 't feel at ease when he got back to Tokyo .
tr	PRES	" That tickles ! "
tr	PRES	Or perhaps all of my dreams exist ?
tr	PAST	Romulus retreated into the corner of the Den and returned with two shovels .
tr	PAST	The truck bounced closer to the double-wide trailer with no neighbors other than the dogs and a big fat Joshua tree .
tr	PRES	" Ridiculous , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	An unbelievably loud roar rips through her skull and she cries out in excruciating pain .
tr	PRES	Comes in pods ? '
tr	PRES	" Good heavens . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew the jump drive he 'd brought with him and tossed it .
tr	PRES	But even Katarina softens sometimes .
tr	PAST	" Oh , Father , " his daughter exclaimed .
tr	PAST	She eyed me warily .
tr	PAST	But something tugged at his subconscious .
tr	PRES	My breathing is ravenous , my heart tremulous .
tr	PRES	" Glad I could be of assistance , " Kevin mumbled humbly .
tr	PRES	A few deep breaths later and she took off , a little faster than before , and headed out of her street .
tr	PRES	As a child I recall finally understanding the importance of the occasion as the other visitors gradually fell silent as they neared the site .
tr	PAST	He stripped off his briefs and let them fall , red letters flashing on black fabric .
tr	PRES	" What about humanity ? "
tr	PRES	" But what about Zane ?
tr	PAST	Emma slowed as they reached the pool area .
tr	PAST	A huge relief washed over me when he remained calm .
tr	PAST	Biting into my late snack , I powered up my laptop and went to work on my thesis .
tr	PRES	" What an idiot ! "
tr	PRES	Without pausing he continued with his ADD , " Love them , but distance doth make the heart beat stronger .
tr	PAST	Vijay 's parents pitched in here and gave Hari their share , as all their cooking was on LPG stoves .
tr	PRES	" You sell yourself short , Kelly .
tr	PAST	The transport of furnishings and building materials required a great deal of labor .
tr	PRES	He lies back without protest .
tr	PAST	Briefly a dark thought intruded : This could be all she had .
tr	PRES	" And a root beer , " I add at the last minute .
tr	PRES	He sees me observing his nails and he looks down at them and pouts .
tr	PAST	Turning away from the mirror , she pretended to ignore him but it was almost impossible .
tr	PAST	Her aunt tipped her head , eyeing Elliot stepping from the vehicle .
tr	PRES	" Your Mama ? "
tr	PAST	Satisfied that he was ready for an inspection , he crawled into bed .
tr	PRES	He sighs , leaning back into the closet to put the hanger back on the bar .
tr	PRES	" In her room , packing .
tr	PRES	Then he stops and looks at me , smiling tiredly .
tr	PRES	Sell , man , sell . "
tr	PRES	No words , just a primal shout he thundered to the heavens that came straight from his gut and was filled with a fury unsurpassed .
tr	PAST	They both exploded in laughter .
tr	PRES	Knox reaches over and grabs for my pinky with his .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and tilt my head toward Holder who 's laughing like he just revealed the punch line to a really funny joke .
tr	PRES	All the pep talks I had given myself weren 't even needed .
tr	PRES	And so , perhaps because our lives ' foundation lies upon bedrock mourning .
tr	PAST	Breedlove had doubted that Mrs Harris even knew what sadness was .
tr	PAST	But the ruthless act troubled me .
tr	PAST	" And you should not have lied to me . "
tr	PAST	" Jesus , " James joked .
tr	PAST	Milton 's expression brightened .
tr	PAST	My brother , who had only the number " 8 " carved into his chest .
tr	PAST	In the living-room , she inhaled sharply as the uneasiness in her mind shifted into her surroundings .
tr	PAST	" Have you ever messed up so bad that - " " That what ? "
tr	PRES	Taylor and the black haired guy releases Sean , taking a step back from him .
tr	PRES	Says Mitch suddenly , stiffening in his seat .
tr	PAST	" Isn 't that the airfield at Arrow Lake ? "
tr	PRES	Sawyer whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Dr. Owens reported to Buddy and Mandy , " New bone appears to be forming around the damaged vertebrae .
tr	PRES	The smoke clears revealing three dead bodies on the sidewalk of the park .
tr	PAST	Talon giggled and Perry laughed too , but he felt sorry for her .
tr	PAST	I prayed it wasn 't a body .
tr	PRES	He reaches for both of my hands this time , and he draws me into and against his body .
tr	PAST	' We served you as best we could . '
tr	PRES	" Found it , " he states .
tr	PRES	Upper and lower body limbs , for climbing and gathering .
tr	PRES	" And that just pisses me off , your highness , because I got plans to kiss this boy silly . "
tr	PAST	He tensed , still , frozen , waiting .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed Mary with a great degree of reluctance .
tr	PRES	Briefly , Serena considers this may be a bad idea .
tr	PAST	She exploded out of his arms , sprung standing on the bed .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , other people sought it too .
tr	PRES	Stephanie murmurs , " Tell me the story again ... about the baby dolphin . "
tr	PAST	He exhaled a long breath and muttered , " I can 't believe I did this . "
tr	PAST	She carefully measured a teaspoon of vanilla and turned on the mixer to stir the fragrant liquid into the brownie batter .
tr	PAST	A small , old , frail woman shuffled along the street at a snail 's pace .
tr	PRES	" You tell me , " she teased .
tr	PAST	I 'm going , " he stated , as if it were a foregone conclusion .
tr	PAST	His knife slowed along the apple .
tr	PRES	I gently wipe away a tear that has beaded in the corner of her eye .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her glasses .
tr	PAST	The girls squealed and Reese grabbed his arm .
tr	PAST	A small smile brightened her face .
tr	PAST	She scribbled something down on her ballot , folded it neatly , and dropped it in the mailbox .
tr	PAST	" I was just about to say she reminds me of my daughter , " he lied .
tr	PRES	She snuck a smirk in my direction , no doubt a response to her choice of title for me .
tr	PAST	" You are snickering , " I accused ( and the tone was every bit an accusation ) .
tr	PAST	Another jumble of sounds assaulted her ears and Selena snapped to attention at the sound of a thud and a canine yelp .
tr	PRES	In fact , they whimper as we pass by .
tr	PAST	They exited the cell .
tr	PAST	Derek 's face exposed his amusement and he started walking back down the hallway , talking over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	- I attempted to calm her - " On the bright side , I can tell you what he was up to .
tr	PAST	" I 'm done , " Riki announced .
tr	PAST	He eyed me , and as the sky turned from rainbow to purple , he relaxed .
tr	PRES	" I confess I am very tired of your power slamming me into these work-out mats .
tr	PRES	" That is so gross , " he mumbled against the mat .
tr	PAST	He propped the barrel on top of the passenger 's side mirror .
tr	PAST	Another demon charged , barreling toward him with claws extended and yellow teeth bared .
tr	PRES	She genuinely likes people .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the information , Sasha .
tr	PAST	The moment she touched him , the trembling lessened .
tr	PAST	Later that evening , when Eleanor was in bed and all was quiet , Harriet retreated to the front parlor , and the pianoforte .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet .
tr	PAST	He lied to me about having lunch with Embry .
tr	PAST	Pushing the button , he scooted under the dropping door , deftly stepping over the safety beam that stops the door .
tr	PRES	My memory only begins when my car veered off the road and down into the trees several dozens of feet below .
tr	PRES	She presses the button for her floor , the doors close , and she disappears .
tr	PRES	" This is what the human element is all about , " Uriel explains .
tr	PRES	Ashton bellows behind him .
tr	PRES	Aimee tries to hide a smile , but I see it .
tr	PRES	' Dreams eh ? '
tr	PAST	He floated , lifted , and fell .
tr	PAST	My stomach muscles tensed at the thought .
tr	PAST	As he began to speak in the ancient language a small smile tugged at the corners of her mouth .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone bright with dismay , open so wide that the irises were ringed by white .
tr	PAST	Her guards slowed and cleared their throats , alerting the prince to their presence .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Miss Garrison . "
tr	PAST	You spurred Buck and raced to catch him .
tr	PRES	Aside from an occasional frown , he refuses to acknowledge any of the passing robots .
tr	PRES	" I have to really concentrate to keep the form , " explains Eight .
tr	PRES	" Naturally , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" There are other Elites out there , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	He sighted down the hallway with the Maglite beam and saw an open bathroom door at the far end .
tr	PRES	Marcus opens one of the doors .
tr	PAST	Surprise washed over me .
tr	PAST	My heart subsided within its cage of ribs .
tr	PAST	She efficiently stripped the other woman down and helped her wash .
tr	PRES	The predator with her prey in her sights .
tr	PAST	Marcus voice pierced through the door .
tr	PRES	T Jolene folds the letter into thirds and slips it back into the envelope .
tr	PRES	The warmth of the room also comforted her a bit .
tr	PRES	" Some of the stuff I said to you - about choices , being a vampire , and everything like that - Jesus .
tr	PAST	Josie cocked her head .
tr	PRES	It speeds out of me .
tr	PRES	" I assume Mamie wasn 't ? "
tr	PAST	His tone matched his expression .
tr	PRES	It dawns on me that I 've told him nothing .
tr	PRES	" Paul , you 've already given me so much ... " " Open it . "
tr	PRES	" When I do your father glares at me . "
tr	PRES	She opens the door wider and Francesca and I enter .
tr	PRES	Michael loves you . "
tr	PAST	" There he goes again , " the tall , rangy brunet named Damon muttered .
tr	PAST	Narrowing his eyes on the book , Nick slapped at his back pockets to see if the book in Grim 's hand was a duplicate .
tr	PAST	She wept because she was green with envy for the happiness she saw in Bobbie Sue 's eyes .
tr	PAST	Jordan 's familiar form reappeared out of the woods , and Erin let out a deep breath .
tr	PRES	I lean in a little , and she does the same .
tr	PAST	In desperation the sailors abandoned their oars and snatched up their weapons .
tr	PRES	' Well done , ' she beamed in admiration . '
tr	PRES	He climbs off me and I push myself up on my elbows .
tr	PRES	" The spirits ! "
tr	PAST	Seeing the brooding figure of her manager through the hotel doors , Grey thanked Maria and released her back to her ' duties ' .
tr	PRES	" Morgan Davis . "
tr	PAST	She retreated from him and took a seat at the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	Shay tensed as she felt the cold chill that warned her it was a vampire approaching .
tr	PAST	Eli tugged on his leash .
tr	PAST	" Logan treated Nika 's blood like it was some kind of toxic waste .
tr	PRES	I text Alec and find out that he 's working through his lunch break .
tr	PRES	' Apparently their demo warrants it .
tr	PRES	" My Johnson ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume some of the clan are trying to control her .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate him Thomas .
tr	PAST	" And ' t is why you simply must stay here , " Maddie announced .
tr	PAST	She clutched a staff with a glowing , blue jewel in its pommel .
tr	PRES	" Maybe it only opens on one side . "
tr	PAST	Doyle chased me down and grabbed my arm before I could get back into the front hall .
tr	PAST	Rocco 's head perked up at the mention of food .
tr	PAST	As I ran down the hallway , I nearly barreled headfirst into Hera .
tr	PRES	Gavin loves me and all I do is lie .
tr	PAST	He motioned to some other lads with instruments of various kinds , and they joined him in the corner where he played .
tr	PRES	Will glances at me .
tr	PRES	In front of all the campers . "
tr	PAST	I sobered a bit when I thought about what we were going to have to go through while we were down there .
tr	PAST	What looked like cutting bones emerged from his back .
tr	PRES	I snuck another glance toward Clare , seeing her eyes light up as she watched her young daughter .
tr	PAST	I tugged viciously on the ball of yarn , yanking it out of the wicker basket .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Doctor .
tr	PAST	I clutched my boyfriend for dear life .
tr	PRES	He refuses to be placated in any way .
tr	PAST	My whole body tensed as I waited for the impact , but the black car just missed our bumper by a couple of inches .
tr	PAST	He propped himself in his bed for a long , long moment , weighing his dream of a factory against his duty to his family .
tr	PRES	I lean back in frustration .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes one of the police officers motioned for me to pick up the phone .
tr	PAST	Then I dusted them all off my hands , watching the green and white bits float down to the counter like confetti .
tr	PAST	He preferred to get lost in his thoughts while traveling that road which became dusty on dry summer days .
tr	PAST	I slapped him on the head .
tr	PRES	Performed on a vampire , it binds them to a Shield 's chemistry , to their spirit .
tr	PRES	He stands up and puts his hands into the pockets of his lab coat .
tr	PRES	This scarcely contented Laurence .
tr	PAST	It produced a high electronic squeal , which persisted until he reached down to his belt and turned it off .
tr	PAST	She fiddled on the computer .
tr	PRES	A male voice whispers from behind .
tr	PAST	I replayed the conversation .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't want kids anyway , " I add .
tr	PAST	He motioned me toward a solid wood dining table , dimly lit by a chandelier made of deer antlers .
tr	PAST	She swiped her hand over her mouth , trying desperately to banish his taste and those terrible , twisted memories .
tr	PAST	The closing of one small art gallery hardly compared to that .
tr	PAST	" I quit the squad . "
tr	PAST	His polished presentation received a standing ovation and judging by the comments our reporter overheard this will translate into new supporters for the organisation .
tr	PRES	Who wishes to speak next ? "
tr	PRES	The stories of the Old and New Testament melted together like the mountain streams flowing into the Rhone .
tr	PRES	A smirk flashes across his face .
tr	PAST	Sallie Brown desired a romance of great intensity , one that would relieve her from the pressures of her daily life .
tr	PRES	It belongs to the gatekeeper 's daughter , but for god 's sake don 't say anything .
tr	PRES	" Well , you better , you bimbo .
tr	PAST	Her bare feet padded on the cool hardwood floor as she crossed the hall to her room .
tr	PAST	' Never mind , ' he grunted .
tr	PAST	" The bodyguard ? "
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " Daphne chimed in .
tr	PRES	He sniffs the air as if he can smell lies and then gives one last threatening look before turning away .
tr	PAST	She lied to Mom and Dad that I did things I didn 't do , Darcy .
tr	PAST	The revelation troubled her .
tr	PAST	Except Auntie Dagmar , but she was never around when their friends visited .
tr	PAST	They backtracked to Steam , which was only a few doors away .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved wryly .
tr	PRES	" Your idea sounds more dangerous , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Still conscious , she stares up at him , her body convulsing uncontrollably .
tr	PRES	He fel like a stone , and his stoker , a slight , reedy boy with wide , anxious eyes , meekly acquiesced to their demands .
tr	PAST	" I 'm great at relationships , " he countered .
tr	PAST	" We work in the forest , " volunteered Meyer .
tr	PRES	She gazes at shelves .
tr	PAST	If the Mississippi flowed south into the Gulf , you divided their lands and weakened their hold .
tr	PAST	I smacked his arms away and raised mine up in the air .
tr	PRES	Stats right now estimate three hours and eighteen minutes transit time . "
tr	PRES	She digs in her purse and pulls out a billfold , opening it and extracting several business cards .
tr	PRES	As she struggled to explore them while the singular connection existed , they bound her tightly .
tr	PAST	I clutched my purse closer to my body .
tr	PAST	He toyed with her heart and feelings .
tr	PAST	He shuffled toward his bedroom .
tr	PRES	I wince again now .
tr	PRES	I banter with Devin as he goes through the emergency procedures , nervous that he might mention our destination .
tr	PAST	Starting a slow , steady , stroking rhythm with his fingers , he suckled her swollen needy flesh .
tr	PAST	It stole Zane 's breath and made his knees weak .
tr	PRES	" You 're doing it again , " he comments and I groan at myself .
tr	PAST	He dusted his hands off and slid his thumbs into his pockets , dropping his head while he let out a huge sigh .
tr	PAST	She hooked her knee on the tailgate and hefted herself up .
tr	PRES	" And so it begins ... " The wedding planner stuck her head in the door and said , " Are you ready ? "
tr	PRES	He whispers into Andrew 's ear and Andrew is gone in a flash , followed by his family .
tr	PRES	' Surely not your drums ? '
tr	PAST	To quickly steal a kiss before something or someone messed it up ?
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder and stands hurriedly when he sees that it 's me , not Crewe , who has returned .
tr	PAST	The burly policeman scrawled in his threadbare pad .
tr	PRES	" It tastes like ... " I paused .
tr	PAST	Time slowed down for me to a halt when I saw what it was .
tr	PRES	He climbs into the other side .
tr	PRES	They all involve us running into each other 's arms in some way , shape or form .
tr	PRES	" What if we charge them and then at the last minute swing out and around them ?
tr	PAST	Guy dismissed her sympathy .
tr	PRES	Sometimes Marius wishes he had those things . "
tr	PRES	" Secret Santa strikes again ! "
tr	PAST	I collapsed into his arms and gave him every ounce of my weight .
tr	PRES	" What kind of bargain ? "
tr	PRES	" Mary ' Lise ? "
tr	PRES	I drag him heavily off the bed , across the room and through a doorway , leaving him out of sight .
tr	PRES	" Teach me , and I 'll sing with you .
tr	PRES	Oh , lem me outta here . "
tr	PRES	He exhales , his breath hot on my neck , and I melt into him .
tr	PAST	Jason tipped his glass back and took a swallow of wine .
tr	PAST	The mooring rope snaked back into the submarine .
tr	PAST	His thumb presses my panties into my crease , and he rubs against my clit , the abrasion of the fabric not nearly enough .
tr	PAST	I stiffened automatically in his embrace , and turned to look back at him smiling softly at me .
tr	PAST	I cuffed Jasmine on the shoulder , nearly knocking her over , and reached for my gun .
tr	PRES	Sure , but they flap their wings .
tr	PAST	I never anticipated someone approaching me with an invite .
tr	PRES	Jez reaches across to wipe them away with his thumbs , " are you ok ? "
tr	PAST	His shoulders stiffened and all humour fled .
tr	PRES	He rarely talks about work .
tr	PRES	In a one minute 's time Jesus rises from the dead , makes Thompson 's word law for the whole world and appoints Russo as the Pope .
tr	PAST	Chapter 5 Ren froze as his gaze locked with the woman 's .
tr	PRES	Each one buys into The Game with a certain number of food chits .
tr	PAST	" He tricked me .
tr	PRES	I assume you know your apartment was broken into ? "
tr	PAST	Haven 's energy wings unfolded behind him .
tr	PAST	Flaming red hair and makeup painted on in exaggerated colors .
tr	PAST	I absorbed everything from biology , to chemistry , to computer science , to psychology .
tr	PRES	Explains Olivia and then I relax a little , taking a look around the place .
tr	PRES	She falls to the ground encased in a mass of energy that brightens around her .
tr	PRES	She inhales deeply with her eyes closed , as if she 's fortifying herself before she speaks .
tr	PRES	He sighs and drags his fingers through his hair .
tr	PAST	He seized her arm tightly .
tr	PRES	He plays around with the computer for quite some time , asking me to read off figures from a notepad as he inputs them .
tr	PRES	I lean down and kiss the tear away , then I lightly kiss her lips .
tr	PAST	His eyes still flicked over the trees .
tr	PAST	A moment later Jonas reappeared with two glasses .
tr	PRES	" What you have to say affects all of us . "
tr	PAST	He 's being chased .
tr	PRES	" Then , why didn 't you invite me ? "
tr	PRES	May I tempt you , Mr. Furnace ? "
tr	PAST	The car simply slowed ; it didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the realization and quickly dug through my knapsack for a wrap .
tr	PRES	Don 't even look at me , " I hiss , my voice a threat .
tr	PAST	Moonlight shrouded her face but he recognized her immediately .
tr	PAST	The area warranted locks , armed guards , and laser fields in my opinion .
tr	PAST	Still , they preferred that fate to being torn apart by monsters that intended to eat them , so Company D pushed on .
tr	PRES	" And if they lack the required funds ? "
tr	PAST	Capella shrieked in a voice that had to have been heard by the Mars Rover .
tr	PRES	Tears prick my eyes , and when I look at Wilder , his face is screwed up in pain .
tr	PRES	" I don 't see why you 're having me drive , " she states , clicking the seat belt .
tr	PAST	" She has an entire secret life that nobody knows about , " Jason speculated aloud , pissed off and troubled .
tr	PRES	" Your mother would be so proud of you , " Dad whispers .
tr	PRES	Some immediately combust ... others ... well , they die a slow , painful death .
tr	PAST	Images of Vincent 's profile invaded my mind .
tr	PAST	Meghan paused , seeming to gather her thoughts , her face suddenly pinched and agonized .
tr	PRES	She braced herself and took a quick peek under the duvet .
tr	PAST	No one dared disobey .
tr	PRES	" Who plays the zombie game ? "
tr	PAST	She crawled to one of the edges of the coffin statue .
tr	PAST	Brooke barged in without waiting for an invitation , her brow creasing .
tr	PRES	Nick plays at spinning it for a general audience .
tr	PRES	But I specifically crave this spot . "
tr	PAST	An ache pierced my stomach as clicks resonated through the silent exam room .
tr	PAST	I froze and listened harder , heart pounding in my chest .
tr	PRES	But a believer who survives the game gains honour and extra belief .
tr	PAST	She swiped up a dragon 's short sword that lay on the floor .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to one side .
tr	PRES	" I needed ... occupation .
tr	PRES	Eight round beads shone brightly within ; four the size of flattened tennis balls , the other four no larger than lemons .
tr	PAST	The servant eyed him sternly and asked , " what is an apprentice doing abroad at this hour ? "
tr	PAST	I circled the tree slowly .
tr	PRES	Her hand fit inside the leather bellows up to her elbow like a gauntlet .
tr	PRES	" No pint a bock ? "
tr	PRES	Tris considers this , chewing on the inside of her cheek .
tr	PAST	The building of his mind finally collapsed , the tower of security firmly broken , the cloister of reason destroyed .
tr	PRES	" The stage assistant in Germany . "
tr	PRES	The running helps clear my head ; I 'm pretty sure that this isn 't hell .
tr	PRES	The pain washes over Mom 's face .
tr	PRES	" No ... " " Call him Chey .
tr	PRES	The perpetrators ' social position protects them .
tr	PAST	Stepping inside , she replaced the crowbar in her bag and used a kitchen chair to hold the door shut behind her .
tr	PAST	She crawled into bed , pulled up the covers and pondered the ceiling for a very long time .
tr	PAST	My chirpy reply reflected the happiness and joy bubbling deep inside me .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered longest on Hank , burning with something almost greedy .
tr	PRES	He points to the cobalt blue vase .
tr	PAST	" I appetite , we go to dinner ? "
tr	PAST	Ready for a fight , the emotionless face carved into his helm triples the already ample intimidation he is generating .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied with a nod .
tr	PAST	Thor leapt from his table , shoved his way through the thick crowd , elbowed everyone roughly who was in his way .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know that Marilyn fired me . "
tr	PAST	Sarah clutched the book close to her heart .
tr	PAST	The thought alone nearly unleashed his anger and caused him to bring the building down .
tr	PAST	I bounced to my feet .
tr	PAST	She dialed Alice 's number and she didn 't answer .
tr	PRES	Giant eagles feeding on those carcasses .
tr	PAST	Hank mumbled under his breath as he followed .
tr	PRES	" Probably to make sure he remains stable .
tr	PRES	" Why you , silly . "
tr	PAST	In one angry movement I seized the rope before it whipped away , and yanked on it savagely .
tr	PRES	" Yes and I assume you know what to do . "
tr	PRES	" So you approve of the additional security ? "
tr	PRES	His teeth shone white for a moment under the streetlights .
tr	PAST	With the dead bolt and the chain employed on the door , I washed my face and put on some makeup , including bright lipstick .
tr	PAST	Joan pondered a moment before answering .
tr	PAST	I sensed her impatience and forgot about the filaments and what I could do with them .
tr	PRES	One even dares to wonder if something has not gone wrong with ' our modern judgement ' , supposing that it is justly represented .
tr	PRES	" Uncle Ed ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume so .
tr	PRES	" Who wove this ? "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	She rises saying she needs to rest for tomorrow 's big night and I learn my uncle has planned an evening of dinner and dancing .
tr	PAST	She mumbled back , hating herself for wishing she could confirm the question with a simple " yes " answer .
tr	PAST	She pushed to her feet and took a step forward , her hand outstretched .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand to grandpa as he approached the steps .
tr	PAST	Roberto fumed , clenching his fists and stepping forward .
tr	PRES	" Feeling better , sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	He could feel the rack of the world loosening , the cool wind soothing the aching of his soul .
tr	PAST	The Seekers , in turn , utilized their records of military strategy and defense and recruited soldiers .
tr	PAST	Still , he doubted that Santa Anna was so merciless as to execute an entire army .
tr	PRES	A vase of jasmine flowers fills the boutique with a sweet floral scent .
tr	PRES	Rian stands up and starts leading the wheelchair out of the cafeteria .
tr	PAST	The umbrella flapped against his pounding legs like a dead turkey .
tr	PAST	Even dusted a few of the artifact cases in the stacks .
tr	PRES	Greg stands on his toes and reaches for the attic door , then pulls it down .
tr	PRES	His slender , powerful hands moved to steeple beneath his chin , the golden eyes shimmering in the slanting morning sunlight .
tr	PRES	" You 're slider meat ... , " Moro chuckles watching the tender mama and child exchange .
tr	PRES	A radar echo that changed color .
tr	PAST	Maybe I 've got like Stockholm 's syndrome or something , " she joked .
tr	PAST	My insides froze as I tried not to glance at Luke .
tr	PAST	Automatically she tipped her head back to look at him .
tr	PAST	Eugenie clasped her hands together .
tr	PAST	Tiny " stars " twinkled overhead .
tr	PRES	I bat my eyelashes and look up at him all contrite .
tr	PRES	That just opens up a world of possibility , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	Colonel George Monroe lounged against David 's Jeep , blocking his escape .
tr	PRES	Even if I 'm still ticked and unsure about things . "
tr	PAST	The minute the calm yet strong words passed his lips , my body automatically inhaled .
tr	PRES	Are we retreating ? "
tr	PRES	" What if that house falls on her ? "
tr	PAST	And these people marveled at it .
tr	PAST	The mare carefully nuzzled it off her palm , turned and trotted back towards the other horses 200 yards away in the far corner of the field .
tr	PRES	' Our hopes notwithstanding , ' he announced , holding the rock out for UL to see , ' it hath arrived . '
tr	PRES	You kin be the brains and he 'll be the brawn .
tr	PAST	A girl in a red jumpsuit zigzagged through the field .
tr	PAST	' Of course it does , ' Diana persisted .
tr	PAST	Footsteps retreated , again unhurried and calm .
tr	PAST	I calculated my distance to the exits and decided the front door was my best bet .
tr	PAST	She only dared to breathe again when she rolled back the sleeves and saw the light brown of her skin .
tr	PRES	Then my hands thread through her hair and I pull her to me , pressing my lips to hers again .
tr	PRES	" Tonight , with the werewolf ... " he clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you , Oliver ? "
tr	PAST	She extracted a handkerchief from one of the sleeves in her gown and began to dab at her eyes .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand on the counter .
tr	PAST	" I dared presume you 'll walk down the aisle on the strength of a proposal I effectively rescinded . "
tr	PRES	The warden sighs and hopes he is smart enough to get through the next half hour alive .
tr	PAST	Her heart leaped at his smile , but she kept her expression neutral .
tr	PAST	She and Noel retreated to the hot tub and shared a pitcher of lemonade .
tr	PAST	The chair proved to be a mistake , the high back smashing his wings ... that were no longer snowing , he realized .
tr	PAST	Got to do it right for my buddy from the Carolinas . "
tr	PRES	" This must be cleaned , " I warn him .
tr	PAST	When you were only six years old we visited the place and your mother was then with me .
tr	PRES	" Hey , let 's start warming up , " Swoosh announces , and Mark , who rebounded the ball , returns it to Swoosh .
tr	PRES	" Just for you , my precious . "
tr	PAST	Flanking it on either side , another two gigantic beasts prowled silently into the meadow .
tr	PRES	" Is he ok ? "
tr	PRES	It brings me back to my senses , and Realm must read it in my expression because his jaw hardens .
tr	PAST	The city of Athens glowed in the distance , and I yawned , struggling to stay awake as James led the way .
tr	PAST	He extended his feet to cushion his crash .
tr	PRES	Helen chuckles and looks out the window .
tr	PAST	Quiet plan , she prayed .
tr	PAST	With a powerful grip , Minister Drake clutched my arm , keeping me on balance .
tr	PRES	He looks up , bleeds his soulless grimace .
tr	PAST	Something rustled in the dark room .
tr	PRES	The rest of the meal passes without Nate making another fake pass at me .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans , then peeled the soggy fabric over her hips .
tr	PRES	She flips onto her stomach , acting like the conversation should end there .
tr	PRES	Taking a second to lament , he hears a distant whoosh of air , like a whip swinging through a gust of wind .
tr	PRES	No , please , " Alaina imitated Sakura .
tr	PAST	I experienced a shiver of nervousness .
tr	PAST	A series of rough stalagmites circled the chamber .
tr	PAST	Adriana identified with this character ?
tr	PRES	" Fucking son of a bitch , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PAST	" Put it back , and I 'll give you a kiss , " he gritted out .
tr	PAST	He caressed and he kneaded and ... and ... she was consumed , shaking , needy .
tr	PAST	But another only replaced it .
tr	PRES	She likes the way I touch her . "
tr	PRES	' It helps doesn 't it ?
tr	PRES	' But , heavens above !
tr	PRES	I belong to you .
tr	PAST	She clutched me tight and I surprisingly heard her cry out again , coming again .
tr	PRES	Would the future Duchess of Tempest wear anything less than perfect ? "
tr	PRES	" You can touch it , if you want , " she offers , holding her hand out to me .
tr	PAST	He replaced the receiver and sat there for a long moment .
tr	PAST	And for that I received a wonderful reward .
tr	PAST	# Impact from the sudden stop exploded through the sedan , jerking Kali 's neck painfully forward and back .
tr	PAST	Billy flicked wet hair from his forehead and then asked , " How did you follow us through the plains ? "
tr	PAST	Nikki rummaged through one of the drawers she 'd stuffed her clothes in , pulling out panties and a bra .
tr	PRES	He sighs and rolls through the intersection .
tr	PRES	Blake touches the lump in his pocket that is Mallory 's engagement ring .
tr	PRES	He strikes like a snake , without warning , in a flash of violence so intense my head spins , knocking me off balance .
tr	PAST	" I need two archers , " she announced as they rejoined the group .
tr	PAST	I thanked them for allowing me to visit .
tr	PAST	She flicked through the magazine wishing the time would pass .
tr	PAST	He finally freed the button and I lifted my h * ps so he could pull the shorts down my legs .
tr	PRES	The Captain likes the seeds for his morning meal .
tr	PRES	Oh , she blushes now to read them , but read them she does .
tr	PRES	" A pact ? "
tr	PRES	How it affects people .
tr	PRES	A hundred degrees ? "
tr	PAST	As he said it , the fading light reflected in his eyes , making them seem as if they were changing color incrementally .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 Zane I opened the front door , slowly , and peeked inside before stepping in .
tr	PRES	Now he pins Isadora with his stare .
tr	PRES	Angela sighed , her expression glum .
tr	PRES	" Every girl wants a rich husband , " she sighs dreamily .
tr	PRES	" Ash , " I whispered , feeling tears prick my eyes .
tr	PRES	We all begged him to sit , each moving one way or the other in order that he might sit next to us .
tr	PAST	He stares at me for a few moments longer , and then his intense gaze softens as he almost looks pleased .
tr	PRES	Erin opens the game by hitting a deep three pointer , which makes the crowd erupt .
tr	PRES	" Yes , but will you say that when I 'm looking for someone indestructible to teach them how to drive ? "
tr	PAST	He crouched beside her .
tr	PAST	' You stole their food .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , yelling -- that helps .
tr	PAST	" You have rare beauty the like I have never seen but you will be more beautiful heavy with my seed , " he stated softly .
tr	PAST	I phoned for a cab .
tr	PRES	My mother glares over at me .
tr	PAST	He slapped his dad on the back .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me .
tr	PRES	Then he ruffled the bed a little more .
tr	PAST	As flames engulfed Old Roddy , he extended his arm out of the window and pointed at the sea , just as he had in my dreams .
tr	PAST	Gaston fisted his hands at his side to keep himself from throttling the older man .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , fighting the urge to punt the little freak across the room .
tr	PAST	sniffed Charlotte , somewhat in a huff , perhaps , because she was being cheated out of her chance to ' name that hemline . '
tr	PAST	" We stole nothing , " Linda scoffed .
tr	PRES	" You assume it 's necessary to feel to get by ?
tr	PAST	She ambled over to the Land Rover and tried Steve 's number .
tr	PAST	Grandma never lied to anyone who came to her for a reading , no matter how hard the truth was to hear .
tr	PAST	He pinched both of my nipples hard and I cried out .
tr	PRES	" No hello ? "
tr	PRES	Kayden lets go of my hand so I can hop into the cage .
tr	PRES	He looked away , his jaws grinding .
tr	PAST	To give Marcie the finger , I stuffed the fat at my midsection into the dress .
tr	PAST	" Please text me so I know you 're okay . "
tr	PAST	he shrieked , " You 're there with another man ! "
tr	PAST	She leaped again , and again they covered her with a wave of meaningless noise .
tr	PAST	His face brightened the moment he saw her .
tr	PRES	He glances around at the secluded section of garden , his eyes missing nothing .
tr	PAST	Bryony eyed Maddy 's bag with envy .
tr	PRES	Blonde , blue-eyed , curvy in all the right places .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into mine from across the room , the intensity of his entire aura stealing my breath , hazing my vision .
tr	PRES	The unforgiving wood digs into my back .
tr	PAST	At 11am , the manager received a call from Brian 's Father , inquiring if Brian had made it into work .
tr	PAST	Henry 's brain froze for a moment not sure how to answer .
tr	PAST	Hugh trusted him absolutely .
tr	PRES	" In front of al your servants ? "
tr	PAST	Please show me what to do next , " she prayed .
tr	PRES	About the divorce . "
tr	PRES	" It 's fine , " I mutter , because I know she won 't go on until I say this .
tr	PAST	He merged with Cullen , " seeing " through his eyes .
tr	PAST	Reading the headline , she nearly spewed her coffee .
tr	PAST	Finally , Hawk came through the door with a dejected look on his face and said , " Come on , Hank .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	Jenny exploded , momentarily forgetting her meek pose .
tr	PAST	She waved majestically at the many onlookers and went right over to Colin , her hand outstretched .
tr	PAST	He appraised me , taking me in , not sure what to do or say or feel .
tr	PRES	He stands up , looks me in the eyes for the first time and puts out his hand .
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	He likes to cook , but says I won 't do it when he 's not around . "
tr	PAST	Alex however , preferred to keep silent .
tr	PRES	You now qualify to be moved to our seventh and most prestigious level of Hell .
tr	PAST	He hauled the can up the stairs to the cockpit .
tr	PRES	" This isn 't right , " Joel whispers .
tr	PAST	Will leaped out of the way , but Henry wasn 't quite as fast ; she struck him and knocked him backward .
tr	PRES	He offers me one of my favorite smiles .
tr	PAST	Then her eyes squinted and instead of seeing green , she saw red .
tr	PRES	Fat , stone houses were clustered together here and there , widows glowing with flickering light .
tr	PRES	Mason stares back at me , the silence eating away at him .
tr	PRES	" I was really hoping you 'd forget , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Finally some good news , children everywhere rejoice . "
tr	PAST	When the last chord had faded from their speakers , the crowd cheered wildly .
tr	PRES	" Which priest . "
tr	PRES	" Seventeen charisma ! "
tr	PAST	Zane scooted back and stood to take his glass to the sink .
tr	PAST	Her hands glided over his shoulders , urging him with gentle touches , with a murmur against his lips , not to pause .
tr	PAST	She crumpled the flannel , brushed at it .
tr	PRES	When she managed to slide from the cab , she stumbled , her legs unsteady .
tr	PRES	" Not even to reassure Maryse .
tr	PRES	How ful they are ? "
tr	PAST	Closing her eyes , Eve exhaled slowly .
tr	PAST	Jim revealed a hint of a smile .
tr	PAST	Nightingale groped in his pocket for the knife .
tr	PAST	Levana flattened her hands against her skirt , to keep them from becoming fists .
tr	PAST	Feeling discouraged by the gloomy looking neighborhood , I trudged forward .
tr	PRES	" You idiot , " he blurted out , getting to his feet " You 've been staring at it all night . "
tr	PAST	She feared she would never get enough of his pleasure .
tr	PAST	Two weeks after our visit to The Bowers , I phoned our marketing rep , Betty .
tr	PRES	" Well , you don 't need to graduate to tame wild snakes , " the mayor teased .
tr	PAST	I attempted to sit up but found it hard to move .
tr	PRES	" Fisher , stop , " I begged , but she squeezed it .
tr	PRES	I whirl around to see who asked this , but I can 't tell .
tr	PRES	' Way to go , Archie . '
tr	PRES	Everyone falls silent as I approach .
tr	PAST	He pinched his nose and fought off a sudden headache .
tr	PAST	Her friend mailed it to me . "
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , but it seemed to have come a moment too late .
tr	PRES	Unable to find anything immediately wrong he screwed the top back on and thrust it to me .
tr	PAST	They crouched , listening .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps not , but when you left the service , you stole government property . "
tr	PRES	" Just kill me , somebody , " Maggie whispered halfway up .
tr	PAST	Then with a resounding " Oh my God " she plunged once again into the freezing water .
tr	PAST	Sebastian was right , the plug acted as a constant reminder of his presence .
tr	PAST	He shuffled back round to face them and opened another panel .
tr	PRES	A ghost of a smile plays on Mack 's lips , creating deep crevices around his mouth .
tr	PRES	" Very selfish of you .
tr	PRES	" Right , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Thinking about various facts , clues from that time that might support - or undermine - what I 'd just revealed .
tr	PAST	Now the man to her right rumbled , " Was that a habit of yours ? "
tr	PAST	" Someone destroyed my home and killed my family , Louise .
tr	PAST	He froze , his brows snapping together .
tr	PRES	I wove my fingers through his hair .
tr	PRES	I snuck my head in the pool room as their game was finally finishing .
tr	PRES	Another voice bursts into our conversation .
tr	PAST	He wavered , but didn 't fall , merely stood there until the room stopped swaying and his leg was steady under him .
tr	PAST	He faked a running play to the inside as Jason peeled back from the line of scrimmage .
tr	PAST	Sasuke tugged my sleeve , stopping me .
tr	PAST	The last idiot nearly cost his career chasing the target .
tr	PRES	If you come back , I " ll kill you myself . "
tr	PAST	He sniffed , curling his top lip .
tr	PAST	" We should leave , " Chase announced .
tr	PAST	Vines exploded from the earth , pushing her onto her back , then tethering her arms and legs .
tr	PAST	I half laughed , half sobbed .
tr	PAST	Eve quietly thanked them and then headed for the door , glancing quickly back to ensure that Travis and Cammie didn 't notice her departure .
tr	PAST	His lips curved up on one side .
tr	PAST	He grunted indistinct words and struck a match .
tr	PRES	Pack protects each other .
tr	PAST	He first carefully extracted himself from the grass at the edge of the cliff then he stood up to get a better operating angle for his longbow .
tr	PAST	As if in answer , an unearthly scream split the early morning silence .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together as the justice announced the couple .
tr	PAST	Somewhere along the line I realized she really didn 't like all the things she pretended interest in .
tr	PAST	Carter proceeded to park in the underground garage .
tr	PRES	Inside , Rowan holds true to his word and sits next to me .
tr	PAST	He twirled me around to face him .
tr	PRES	Not because she really loves him . "
tr	PAST	Jackie attempted to punch in the numbers on her phone 's calculator .
tr	PAST	He grunted as he struggled to his feet and began checking his cloak pockets .
tr	PAST	He slapped and shook her repeatedly .
tr	PRES	He glides it out of the sheath exposing a gleaming pewter blade .
tr	PAST	I pitched backwards and rolled several feet down the hill until my back slammed up against the very same tree that had been shot .
tr	PAST	Then another pause , a little longer , but really only a split second , and then the last three .
tr	PAST	She elbowed me in the side .
tr	PAST	" I was thinking of us being partners , " Delilah announced .
tr	PAST	He squinted up into the sky .
tr	PRES	" You cant . "
tr	PAST	More colorless images skipped across my mind .
tr	PRES	" I hate that you 're so perfect , " I confess .
tr	PAST	That proved to be more than enough .
tr	PRES	" I saw your expression over the rubies , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Cotton hugged gentle curves her bulky uniform usually disguised .
tr	PAST	Jake cocked his head back toward the house .
tr	PRES	He winks and then leads me to where two boys and a girl are sitting by the pool sipping what looks to be lemonade .
tr	PRES	Even the way he quotes famous sayings - it 's outrageous . "
tr	PAST	His subjects still feared him and obeyed his every whim .
tr	PRES	He inches his mouth closer to mine , and my eyes shut on their own accord as his lips graze mine .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her and Lily found they were in a park , surrounded by trees .
tr	PRES	" What I 'm afraid of is that our parents will order us not to see each other , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	" You risked your life to save me , you fool . "
tr	PAST	I secured the vial and wrapped several tissues around it .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked her skin , causing her hair to cling to her forehead and cheeks in damp tendrils .
tr	PAST	Graeme tugged on her hand , pulling her toward the door .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetie .
tr	PAST	" she exclaimed softly .
tr	PAST	I prayed that I would pass out .
tr	PRES	He reaches a hand up to my breast and squeezes my nipple .
tr	PRES	His stomach turned back flips as she sat next to him .
tr	PRES	A cop stops beside us and clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Once they were on the street , he confronted her .
tr	PAST	Cold washed through Deni , triggering the dizziness she 'd been fighting all day .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 : Deception The man called Jeffrey , upon exiting Michaels ' room , ceased his stuttering walk and traveled as normal through the hallway .
tr	PAST	Everywhere she turned , reminders of Jackson lingered .
tr	PRES	A new path lies ahead .
tr	PAST	Nick was still half-asleep , his eyes washed of their usual green in the darkness .
tr	PAST	I 'm an open book , " she lied .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and tried to put distance between them , but the chair pressed into her back .
tr	PRES	" Relief carvings . "
tr	PRES	Enzo gives me a polite nod without smiling , then approaches Spider to make sure he 's unharmed .
tr	PAST	After saying good-bye to Ned , Sakura lied to Beth that she was hungry and thus had her dinner in the kitchen before everyone else .
tr	PAST	Lydia cocked her head .
tr	PRES	On a regular basis , he and a few other guys punch me in the face while I wear a protective mask .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to get out of it , " she mutters and then disappears into the closet , shutting the door .
tr	PAST	she inquired , suddenly getting very serious .
tr	PRES	" It 's much larger than average , " the man with thinning hair corrects himself .
tr	PRES	In an awkward oscillation , he points towards himself .
tr	PRES	He sighs and smiles at her , bolstering his patience .
tr	PRES	Tilting my face to the sun , I absorb it , soaking it in .
tr	PRES	She points at a flat screen .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Avril .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ?
tr	PAST	He treated me like a princess .
tr	PRES	He flicks on his light .
tr	PAST	I blamed it on Sydney being a light sleeper , which Rose mostly seemed to accept .
tr	PRES	But Emily brings out the best in him , including his voice .
tr	PAST	That produced a few laughs .
tr	PAST	He charged into the Mansion .
tr	PAST	Leta unfolded it , then closed her eyes and slipped into character .
tr	PRES	My hands wipe my face as I feel the tears rolling down my cheeks .
tr	PRES	Since when was that a crime ?
tr	PAST	" We should get out almost two hundred million board feet this year , " one of them announced at supper .
tr	PRES	The energy consumes me .
tr	PRES	" From Berkeley , Sac State , San Francisco , you know , colleges ? "
tr	PAST	He slammed his hand down on the counter , the angry frustration he 'd repressed erupting with such force , Amy shrank back against the door .
tr	PRES	Chapter 17 Kyla stands at the end of a shadowy tunnel .
tr	PRES	That she must mingle with those from the dark side to learn their secrets ?
tr	PAST	They conducted a futile search for anything of value , but all food , shelter , tools , and even scraps of plastic sheeting were long gone .
tr	PRES	He talks a lot about optics and generators but nobody really understands any of it .
tr	PRES	" I sing along with the boys when we jam but only when I have other voices to drown me out .
tr	PRES	" Juliette , please - " " Kenji . "
tr	PRES	I fuss about placing my handbag on the floor under my seat in an attempt to avoid further eye contact .
tr	PRES	" New wing . "
tr	PRES	He sighs impatiently and his fingers tap away at the keyboard .
tr	PRES	A few feet from the top of the falls , he points to a large dead ant on a fallen wet leaf lying on a low-hanging branch .
tr	PAST	" Duke to Daddy " topped the page .
tr	PAST	The maid guard 's electronic wrist watch buzzed twice .
tr	PAST	" I 'll think about it , " I lied .
tr	PAST	She flung open the double doors of a large wooden wardrobe at the far end of the room .
tr	PAST	" He 's just a guy I 'm enjoying some quality alone time with , " I stated with a slight grin .
tr	PAST	With a strength born of sheer exasperation , I hauled the bag to an upright position , squatted , embraced the bag , and lifted .
tr	PRES	All noise ceases and all eyes turn to us as we enter .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , banging his fist down on the counter .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Agent Price , " she teased with a little smile that failed to disguise her fear .
tr	PAST	She stole my grief from me , and that loss amplified the loss of my son .
tr	PAST	A smile curved along his mouth and I felt my knees grow a little weak .
tr	PAST	Joe chimed in , slinging his arm around her neck .
tr	PRES	With his target distracted , Kane bursts out of hiding .
tr	PRES	I crave his presence , his body , his voice , his laugh , his touch , his everything .
tr	PAST	" So you didn 't die , I suppose , " Taylor joked .
tr	PRES	' And about how many million miles of wire ? '
tr	PRES	chapter sixteen My bones ache from the early morning chill .
tr	PRES	I signal for Trick to come forward .
tr	PRES	An arched metal roof curves over the Bridge .
tr	PAST	" You never visited you dad before then ? "
tr	PRES	" Stay safe , bro . "
tr	PAST	Lola dove behind a control panel , the only available cover , and only big enough for one of them .
tr	PRES	" I warn you !
tr	PAST	He cocked his head and looked up at Keeley .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want you going out with him , " he finally rasped .
tr	PAST	" We are here , " he announced .
tr	PRES	" Just as I desired -- excellent !
tr	PRES	On my way toward the long couch with the other single ladies , some random guy stops me .
tr	PAST	Snaps Rick suddenly and loudly , Rosie silences and steps away from me , moving back beside the people staying outside the school .
tr	PRES	JT falls backwards when I plant my shoulder into him .
tr	PRES	He glances at the woman , but she eyes him coolly , and doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	I was pretty curious about his purpose , I confess .
tr	PAST	He presses my tattooed hand onto the surface of the door , just like I do to access my bedroom door .
tr	PRES	His screams pierce through me like I 'm being shot to death , one bullet for every second .
tr	PRES	Then , I 'll read ya my favorite bedtime story ... , " He chuckles .
tr	PRES	" I meant our Friday drinking payroll , he owes us big time . "
tr	PRES	He quickly rips the sheets from the bed and I grab the pillows , we then turn and return to the ladder leading to the attic .
tr	PRES	A sensible witch . "
tr	PRES	" Why me , Aunt Pol ?
tr	PRES	" But the rai - " My lips capture her mouth in a crushing kiss .
tr	PAST	Hera balled her fists and struggled against Hermes and now Zeus .
tr	PRES	YOU HAVE TO WALK THE DESERT .
tr	PAST	He limped over to me and blew my torch out so he wouldn 't get burned .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , knowing I wasn 't making sense and not really caring .
tr	PAST	" But we destroyed most of the loyalists !
tr	PRES	" Alright class , lets put our books away and prepare for a pop quiz . "
tr	PAST	She abandoned the heart of the home and wandered up the stairs .
tr	PAST	Without warning , he swooped forward and took my hand in his .
tr	PRES	" He loves me .
tr	PRES	She points at my neck and I glance down at the teardrop pendant showing on the outside of my shirt .
tr	PRES	Vincent dropped backward , his body limp on the grass .
tr	PAST	All of those secrets he has scribbled away through his patients confessions .
tr	PAST	Even Einstein bore witness to her skill .
tr	PAST	I stifled a huffing sound .
tr	PAST	" I comprehend your terms .
tr	PAST	You proceeded to sit at every table in the place . "
tr	PAST	I stomped down the stone stairs and into the dark hole below .
tr	PRES	' Ah , ah ! '
tr	PRES	The smell of cooking breakfast wafted through the air , making Maia 's stomach grumble .
tr	PAST	They smoked in silence for a while .
tr	PRES	" So ... he loves me ? "
tr	PRES	But his brow just arches as he shakes his head .
tr	PAST	James stole her breath , yet and still she was in his hotel room .
tr	PAST	Melanie stuffed the buck fifty into her apron and cleared away the table .
tr	PAST	Once he pitched the ball , and it came straight back at him .
tr	PRES	He holds up the rubber ball that he 's been fondling since we showed up .
tr	PAST	I opted for the latter and declared an emergency to the sexy voice , which quickly lost its sexiness and became very business-like .
tr	PAST	She untied her black apron , and let it fall below her waist , revealing much more .
tr	PAST	And he stole that breath , taking it away from her .
tr	PAST	Unable to catch her breath upon the sighting , she suddenly collapsed on the wharf from the shock of it all .
tr	PRES	In a strong voice , and against every ounce of reason , he shouted , " Five million . "
tr	PRES	In the movies ... " " Ah , the movies .
tr	PRES	She shook her muzzle , her incisors flashing in a snarl .
tr	PRES	He sighs shaking his head unable to believe the words are coming out of his mouth .
tr	PRES	My mother holds her head , sitting with Katrina .
tr	PRES	" Your Christmas presents .
tr	PRES	The movement causes the dust to fly off of the nearby lamps .
tr	PRES	He opens the case , reactivates the bomb , then runs with it a third of the way back towards the East Gym tunnel door .
tr	PRES	Lies and more lies .
tr	PAST	He eyed her suspiciously .
tr	PRES	And no doubt hating herself worse .
tr	PRES	He pushes me back against the bar and lifts me onto the counter .
tr	PRES	Grant flashes his trademark goofy grin , but I notice he can 't hold Robert 's eye , his focus quickly shifting to the crowd .
tr	PAST	Then he acted spontaneously : he went on the stairs and called Julian , who returned a few seconds later .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed and nearly threw down my fork .
tr	PRES	" It slows the growth of inoperable tumors .
tr	PAST	Bob flicked his high beams on and off and felt a certain satisfaction in letting the follower know he was being followed .
tr	PRES	My whole head prickles as sweat beads up around my hairline .
tr	PAST	Eustace screeched while tossing his away .
tr	PAST	I should never have doubted you . "
tr	PRES	A ripping sound fills my ears and then the pain and heat in my shoulder spikes and I cry out again .
tr	PRES	Olivia pushes Jerry into the room .
tr	PAST	I bounced my knees , drummed on the armrests with my fingers ; reached for the valves , took my hands away .
tr	PRES	These people wither and die outside the tribe .
tr	PRES	" Indeed you are here , " Dudley booms from behind .
tr	PRES	She arches her eyebrows at me , confounded , but there 's no judgment in her eyes .
tr	PRES	It kills flies and mosquitos at five millimetres . "
tr	PAST	He grunted as he thrust into her unrelentingly .
tr	PAST	Lillian 's anger vibrated in every word and in every line of her body .
tr	PRES	" Good gods ... " Olivia rose , smoothing her hands along her thighs .
tr	PAST	I downed the glass of water and chased it with another .
tr	PRES	My dad slams his fist against the table .
tr	PRES	" We 're missing one , " he stated , " where 's the fourth guy ? "
tr	PRES	' I 'm sorry , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Gem and I crouched down and stayed under cover .
tr	PRES	" Today begins a new era .
tr	PAST	His eyes meandered up to a switch which he promptly flipped , then the glass hatch closed to form an airtight seal all around him .
tr	PRES	Finally , Victor spoke again , " My debt remains unpaid . "
tr	PAST	" Oh my ... " Carl busted out laughing .
tr	PRES	" Our weekend breakfasts usually occur around noon , but we could make it a little earlier .
tr	PAST	Actually , this move probably prevented some serious injury to his person .
tr	PAST	A small , very male smile tugged at his mouth .
tr	PRES	Old bugger he is .
tr	PAST	I risked a glance and found Eric 's brows had drawn in together in an ominous frown .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	The duke 's low baritone caressed her body .
tr	PRES	But then he opens his eyes and gives a cough .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap cold .
tr	PRES	After another couple of minutes , a horn finally begins to honk .
tr	PRES	She strikes blindly at him with her free hand .
tr	PRES	" I assume your endeavor involves the Burning Lamp and my niece ? "
tr	PRES	Pen opens her eyes , and I meet her gaze for just a moment .
tr	PAST	" English means river , " he announced proudly .
tr	PAST	Hassler emerged out of the shadow of the hall , and when he reached her he went down on one knee .
tr	PAST	She barely slowed down as they cruised through a four-way stop .
tr	PAST	Caroline inquired as she and her mother began to eat the food Ernest had just placed before them .
tr	PAST	He tensed , searching around .
tr	PRES	Her Mom hates anyone who isn 't walking perfection including Nellie .
tr	PAST	he inquired politely , noting the dark shadows under her tired eyes .
tr	PAST	He proposed marriage to her that night and she said yes .
tr	PAST	Having seen her struggle beneath the stranger , his large hand covering her mouth , Devin 's anger engulfed his senses .
tr	PRES	He just likes to piss me off . "
tr	PAST	As they arrived at a bend in the mountain , a flurry of gunfire exploded back toward the cavern .
tr	PRES	" Congratulations , Miss Stanley , " he mumbled as Jess took hers .
tr	PRES	A shadow falls across my tray and papers , and someone taps my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Antonietta experienced her sexual reactions from touch , but he had all of his senses .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you . "
tr	PAST	His voice deepened , and I wondered if the offer came with the option to lick his fingers clean as well .
tr	PRES	I instantly relax at the closeness .
tr	PRES	Or a few dishes .
tr	PRES	Clearly curious for the answer , Rachel pushes her hair behind her ear as if to hear me better .
tr	PAST	His brother flicked the ash and seemed to contemplate his words .
tr	PRES	she exhales , pulling me over to her .
tr	PAST	Her face glowed at the word .
tr	PRES	She speeds up , moving from side to side , then up and down , imitating waves .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" To get the information you want , " she states nonchalantly .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Royce ? "
tr	PRES	She wears high heels .
tr	PRES	We steal simultaneous glances at each other , then quickly look away .
tr	PRES	I relax to a low simmer .
tr	PRES	Each holds six passengers and one pilot .
tr	PAST	The teen fidgeted , gulped , tugged at his sagging pants and gulped again .
tr	PRES	When Cole takes the flowers from her , Em sees me for the first time and gasps .
tr	PRES	" Denim trousers . "
tr	PRES	An explosion throws me down flat onto the roof .
tr	PRES	' Or big pots of sunflowers , happy seaside scenes ... ' ' And ferns . ' '
tr	PAST	I stiffened in his arms , refusing to move .
tr	PAST	" I finished my work early , " he lied .
tr	PRES	I assume he ' l be here any minute ? "
tr	PAST	When Seth was done with the bedroom and had moved on to the living room , Neil tidied up the mess he 'd made earlier .
tr	PAST	Ty called out , the sound muffled by Zane 's hand .
tr	PRES	The sound of wood cracking fills the room , followed by charging footsteps .
tr	PRES	Benjamin Malvern pushes his chair back and stands .
tr	PAST	Then , with an effort , he regained his composure .
tr	PAST	" Don 't lose your confidence now , " he taunted softly .
tr	PAST	What gypsy , no matter how old or mad , would offer a valuable amulet to a complete stranger ?
tr	PAST	Rory mumbled something as the driver tugged the reins .
tr	PRES	Jack throws Tim a dirty look .
tr	PAST	Spencer flicked the fringe detail on the hem of her dress .
tr	PAST	A thrill washed over her -- this had to be the human defender , Ayden Green !
tr	PRES	And he either just screwed someone or was just about to .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could get you the hell out of here , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	The more she smelled Reyes , the more she desired him .
tr	PAST	he slyly inquired Jimmy smiled and shook his head no .
tr	PRES	" Your Mama ! "
tr	PRES	" And so swift , Maggie .
tr	PRES	" She hears , yes . "
tr	PRES	Wes lays her down on the white onyx altar and pulls her robe open in the front , nothing but creamy thighs for miles .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves Eleanor Channing .
tr	PAST	Emergency ladders glowed on each wall , lighting the entire width and breadth of the shaft , which seemed to go on forever .
tr	PRES	Isn 't he ... yeah ... " She lets out a quiet squeal and hops up and down .
tr	PAST	She protected them , not the other way around .
tr	PRES	She loves stuff like this ! "
tr	PRES	And as if on cue , Fiona tossed it back in the dirty clothes pile .
tr	PRES	Then something compelled me to look down again .
tr	PAST	She bounced up the library steps to the study room , hoping that Dr. Turner would know what the Lycan gene was .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , crawling back into bed and dropping onto the plush pillows .
tr	PRES	" Are we close to home , Romulus ? "
tr	PRES	" She likes everyone .
tr	PRES	I 'm a serving wench , you idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" But only if we get the total agreement and co-operation of Barclay himself . "
tr	PAST	Time screeched to a halt .
tr	PRES	She never opens her eyes .
tr	PAST	The Headmaster appealed for quiet with raised hands .
tr	PAST	Confused , Jake hedged his words carefully to see if he could get her to admit one way or another how she felt .
tr	PRES	" Not all of them involve a bed . "
tr	PRES	He grasps my chin , pulling my face up to his .
tr	PAST	So she dialed his mom 's home number from memory ... .
tr	PRES	" Now , please now , " she begged .
tr	PRES	" Getting you outta here . "
tr	PAST	He just acted like I was fully clothed and we went out swimming like it was no big deal .
tr	PAST	I thanked her mother again for staying with her and she left .
tr	PAST	No safety awaited us .
tr	PRES	" Andrea and I reviewed your proposed itinerary while in California .
tr	PAST	It buzzed and went still .
tr	PRES	" You may want to lock the door and sleep in the bedroom tonight by yourself , " Sienna teased .
tr	PRES	Now he offers me his arm like some kind of old-fashioned gentleman .
tr	PAST	" You all are something else , " he stated , still chuckling .
tr	PAST	" Nothing interesting happened , " I regrettably lied .
tr	PRES	" I hope so , " Sailor mumbled as he stared out the window at the passing buildings .
tr	PRES	The mountainous falls pierced Viktor 's memory .
tr	PRES	" Master , we have found ... You will not believe , Master ... " " Show me .
tr	PRES	Are you going to give her some space , you silly dog ? "
tr	PAST	The students perked up .
tr	PRES	They say when one door shuts , another one opens .
tr	PAST	He motioned weakly toward where Ma 's purse hung on a hooked nail .
tr	PAST	Remnants of last night 's makeup circled her eyes .
tr	PAST	" Iona , mate of my heart , " Eric rasped .
tr	PRES	They untie my hands .
tr	PAST	She dialed his number .
tr	PRES	Placing David 's arm over the opening , he collects David 's blood before handing the container to Cecil .
tr	PRES	Steve approaches the line , composes himself , and begins his approach .
tr	PAST	I rake my hand over my head .
tr	PRES	She buckles her seat belt and so do I. " And I 'm a little worried about the place we 're going to . "
tr	PRES	' You either , lass . '
tr	PAST	Kincaid eyed Bria , then me , and I let the cold violence that was always lurking just below the surface leak into my features .
tr	PAST	He cocked a brow .
tr	PAST	' Hey , ' he rasped , sleep heavy in his voice .
tr	PRES	" The artifact ? "
tr	PAST	He twirled his shovel .
tr	PAST	Sure Dreamer would be ok , he teleported back to his fortress in Spain .
tr	PRES	A slow moving song plays .
tr	PRES	A few lights still shone overhead , illuminating the space enough so it wasn 't dark .
tr	PRES	He quickly disappears inside it and I rush to follow him , afraid to be left behind in the empty chamber .
tr	PAST	Orange , red , and yellow leaves rustled in the breeze .
tr	PRES	But he loves you , baby .
tr	PAST	I elected to stay in the stand a while longer , especially when shooting broke out down in the valley .
tr	PRES	The nebulous Nothingness begins to sing its siren song .
tr	PRES	He reaches in and takes the last blueberry candy .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and wedged the stick further in .
tr	PRES	To where she belongs .
tr	PRES	" We belong together now . "
tr	PRES	She descended , her footfalls hurrying only at the last .
tr	PAST	She circled the small hobble with the same protective spell she used in her youth .
tr	PRES	Light from Professor Elliot 's study filters under the door into the cloisters , so after a quick knock , I walk in .
tr	PRES	I hesitate to hug him .
tr	PRES	Scarlett put her hand on me , " We need to keep control . "
tr	PAST	The Lycan leaped toward them as Percival tried to reach Violet .
tr	PAST	It eyed me as if it wasn 't sure what I was doing there .
tr	PRES	He had wanted to laugh at the whole thing , delight in it , revel in it , Lestat surprising them all .
tr	PAST	I restrained against the urge to squirm .
tr	PRES	It helps her . "
tr	PRES	Chapter Eleven In Which Maximilian Encounters Dust Bunnies Max paused , listening intently .
tr	PAST	Catching his elbow , she tugged him toward home base .
tr	PAST	She received the comb , looked at the card , and then went inside the little home she shared .
tr	PRES	Because there is not a Fire Dragon on this mountain who has not seen dragon blood on their new swords and arrows . "
tr	PRES	Coach opens his eyes really wide .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the bloody stain in the side , the tear in the fabric ; that had been much too close .
tr	PAST	I 'll probably be passing by here on patrol again around eleven or so , " she volunteered .
tr	PAST	Her hand sought his and gripped it tightly .
tr	PRES	He considers something for a moment while I take a sip of my soda .
tr	PAST	It dove straight for them .
tr	PAST	Kim stares at him with her serious gray eyes .
tr	PAST	He hauled a heavy chair to the opening in the wall and placed it firmly across the threshold .
tr	PAST	Time Zone jabbed a button , and the doors began to squeal shut .
tr	PAST	The smell of fresh baked sweet potatoes caressed his senses and wrapped his spirit in a blanket of warmth .
tr	PAST	She sniffed again but her tears were gone now .
tr	PAST	Helen conducted them all back to the dining room .
tr	PRES	" I 'll do whatever it takes to stop bullying at my school , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Lena slowed down so Connor could catch up .
tr	PAST	Friends described her as being fun though flighty , falling in and out with other girls , and sometimes getting into fights with them .
tr	PRES	And he deserves to have a good life .
tr	PRES	Wait 'll Bryan sees all this cool stuff . "
tr	PRES	He finally releases me as I step toward the other room .
tr	PRES	His Sheer tricks . "
tr	PRES	He releases my hands .
tr	PRES	Of course , it helps that her twin sister is certifiable .
tr	PRES	" I urge you to have patience . "
tr	PAST	Although I have been entertained .
tr	PRES	Ethan stands up then , his words still ringing in the shocked and silent room .
tr	PAST	Slamming his arm into the table , the spike shattered shards into the air .
tr	PRES	Bad spirits if you don 't know how to treat them right . "
tr	PRES	The one you 've been letting me borrow .
tr	PAST	People from everywhere prayed for him and sent him cards , letters and flowers .
tr	PAST	Leif stiffened and I worried she 'd pushed him too far .
tr	PAST	Rose eagerly established the memory link and hurriedly pulled at the information , embracing it into herself before her future self could change her mind .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to the curse . "
tr	PAST	His Italian accent caressed her name .
tr	PAST	When he pulled away , she exhaled and then smiled her most loving smile .
tr	PRES	His fingers dig into my flesh , pulling me up off the bottom of the tub as he slips under me to massage each butt cheek .
tr	PAST	My bare feet padded off the wood floors as I slipped out of the door and headed downstairs .
tr	PRES	" The color , I dye it .
tr	PAST	" Hurry up , " he bit out , urged to haste by the mystery .
tr	PRES	He only wears them offstage , unless he 's playing an acoustic number .
tr	PAST	She retreated from the brief flash of pain .
tr	PRES	When I try to touch her , she flinches away from me .
tr	PRES	What about the blue pins I 've been finding everywhere ? '
tr	PAST	Claire balled her hands into fists .
tr	PRES	Nobody here trusts you , Ben .
tr	PAST	" I lied to Jacob and let her charm her way back into his life . "
tr	PAST	She eyed it warily .
tr	PRES	Then she hauled herself up off the floor and took off before he could say a word .
tr	PAST	He washed this down and sounded a belch of approval .
tr	PRES	" If you find my arrogance so adorable , teach me some humility .
tr	PAST	She feared it was him , and yet dreaded that it wouldn 't be .
tr	PRES	I ' d give anything to be rockin ' with Alexander again .
tr	PAST	I taunted , with as much confidence as I could muster .
tr	PRES	" Just describe what you saw . "
tr	PRES	She announces out of the blue .
tr	PRES	I lean under the hood and stare at the same problems .
tr	PRES	" A battle looms , lass .
tr	PRES	Yes , that 's it , his father hates me , and -- " " His father is a teddy bear trying to act like a grizzly .
tr	PRES	Adel sees red and jumps over the counter and shoves the man down .
tr	PAST	She slapped the ground , causing another cloud of dust to rise .
tr	PAST	I untied my bindings and lifted one foot out .
tr	PAST	As we went to the living room for aperitifs -- yes , aperitifs - Brandon eyed his surroundings with a low whistle .
tr	PRES	How soon before the legion hears about a kid using a golden rope to trash an inn ?
tr	PAST	I rummaged through the cabinets .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PRES	My hand lingers by the door frame , my thumb still resting on the biometric scanner .
tr	PRES	The tiger lies back down and returns Timothy 's gaze .
tr	PAST	Two trials resulted in hung juries ; the case was dropped .
tr	PAST	His head tipped to the side .
tr	PAST	Hannah doubted he 'd slept two winks that last night .
tr	PRES	She arches one dark eyebrow at Dax .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hand around my truck keys and moved to stare down at my truck parked outside .
tr	PRES	He tries to move , but reacts slowly , first thinking it is a sparkler or firecracker .
tr	PRES	I exhale slowly , my fists balling up to stop my hands from trembling .
tr	PRES	I blurt out the truth .
tr	PRES	Blue light shone from my fingers again .
tr	PAST	Panic clutched her heart .
tr	PAST	Whilst he waited for these , he unfolded the newspaper , but it was printed too early for news of Murphy 's arrest .
tr	PAST	His teeth pierced her again and he drank .
tr	PAST	" She was looking for me , " Karl stated .
tr	PAST	He motioned with his hand and I took off running .
tr	PRES	Pierre breathes in a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	I clutched the money envelope to my chest and picked up the pace a little .
tr	PAST	" Show me , " she urged him .
tr	PAST	" No , " the young man stated again .
tr	PRES	The way Providence explains luck is its like clouds in the sky .
tr	PRES	Christina , still wearing the same clothes she wore last night , stands a few feet away .
tr	PRES	A very long journey . "
tr	PRES	But then she whispers Latin and suddenly I 'm not on the ground any more .
tr	PAST	The scent of his skin lingered in her nostrils for a delicious moment and she shivered , her blood thrumming with anticipation .
tr	PRES	He touches his cheek .
tr	PAST	The way the moonlight glowed on the rooftops .
tr	PAST	Been strapped in all my life , " he said , " according to Mom . "
tr	PRES	He begins to cry and stretch his body full length , struggling to get out .
tr	PRES	He chuckles as he shakes his head .
tr	PRES	And vice versa . "
tr	PRES	And the necklace too . "
tr	PAST	The words melded together , strung without the briefest pause , and Gretchen smiled at his singular ability to sell certifiable junk .
tr	PRES	If you could advise us how to proceed . "
tr	PRES	" Who share a bed , " James mutters .
tr	PAST	Once the champagne was gone , Peter produced a bottle of port from the basket and poured them each a glass .
tr	PRES	" And our final destination ? "
tr	PAST	She shrank from having to face it , wishing they could still be lovers in private .
tr	PRES	Baldwin exhales heavily and returns to working with the plants .
tr	PAST	We split up and we might as well feed ourselves to the aliens . "
tr	PAST	" I prayed . "
tr	PRES	The head exploded in front of me , my ears ringing .
tr	PAST	" The police stated the evidence against you is based on your fingerprints being found on the Cessna engine cowling .
tr	PAST	He froze as he saw me .
tr	PAST	The sister limped towards me slowly gathering speed .
tr	PAST	" That globe up there .
tr	PAST	As they echoed in his mind , he leaped out of the ditch and tore away through the trees toward the center of the island .
tr	PAST	" Good to meet you , " Mr. Stott boomed .
tr	PAST	His personality matched the bad boy presence attributed to teenage angst .
tr	PAST	Daniel faked a smile .
tr	PRES	" I 'd definitely not be going to a party , " I mutter to myself .
tr	PAST	He bore her back down onto the sleeper , sprawling across her so that her legs were pinned beneath his .
tr	PAST	" Fight me , " he taunted , showing me his sharp fangs .
tr	PAST	If appearance was anything to go by , each acted suitably humbled .
tr	PAST	All these things paled in comparison to an unexpected call I received from Sean on Thursday night .
tr	PRES	She lets go and I rub my wrist .
tr	PRES	" What about the plaque ? "
tr	PAST	She flicked through images and videos , seeing within the suit 's files all that Daniel had said but still she was doubtful .
tr	PAST	Fluorescent lights buzzed overhead .
tr	PRES	Just a reminder . "
tr	PAST	Though the real Fender 's sunburst finish looked great Johnny preferred the blue and white of his Squire .
tr	PRES	She begins to tug at it but it will not come out .
tr	PRES	" I just want to be alone , " I mumbled , but she draped her arm across my shoulders and fell into step beside me .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for seeing me , Rich .
tr	PRES	The shout brings me back into the real world .
tr	PAST	Dean cocked his head , and swished his powerful tail back and forth .
tr	PRES	An uncle who loves his dear , sweet , and much younger niece .
tr	PRES	No , Austin crushed that small voice in her head .
tr	PAST	At first I feared the guard had directed us wrong out of spite , but eventually the narrow lane between buildings widened into a public square .
tr	PAST	I created it and entrusted it to you .
tr	PAST	But Nip tugged at Jack 's trouser leg again .
tr	PAST	The entrance to the club matched the sign .
tr	PAST	Horror blanched his features .
tr	PRES	My breath blasts out of me as my attacker 's body falls against mine .
tr	PRES	Treatment for multiple personality disorder begins with violent confrontation .
tr	PAST	Aiden 's face brightened into a soft smile , one that was meant only for me .
tr	PRES	As the second rapping comes at the door , Emma opens it up .
tr	PRES	" Well you can 't stay here , either , " Tack points out .
tr	PRES	Skye stands and helps herself to a soda from the fridge .
tr	PRES	Then he hears Kamil 's message .
tr	PAST	They topped a hill and the lights of town came into view .
tr	PAST	I thanked God again and lost track of what was going on .
tr	PRES	Mostly the sort where you wear your shoes in bed . "
tr	PAST	He advanced half a metre , then stopped , reluctant to come any closer .
tr	PRES	Nadia , your father belongs to me .
tr	PRES	" Having one of those nights , sweetheart ? "
tr	PAST	On cue , the miniature gargoyle waddled into the room , his wings twitching and tail as stiff as a board .
tr	PRES	" One pays a heavier price than that . "
tr	PRES	" Talk Talk ? "
tr	PAST	He attempted a cheerful grin .
tr	PAST	Just as he stopped in front of me , the cool breeze whipped around him , carrying his scent to me .
tr	PRES	My phone buzzes in my pocket , so I pull it back out .
tr	PAST	Caleb pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PRES	The water 's still freezing , " my mom comments .
tr	PAST	The vertical line between Sylvia 's eyebrows reappeared as she concentrated .
tr	PAST	" I merely inquired if she could interrupt her end of the day break to see a walk in . "
tr	PAST	Jacques would have finished them off , utilized every drop of life-giving nourishment he could , but Shea would have thought him a monster .
tr	PAST	Lomax slowed , then stopped .
tr	PAST	A second 's hesitation revealed Cain 's lack of confidence in his stepfather 's support .
tr	PRES	The lights shone down on her making her crown of golden waves look ethereal .
tr	PRES	Frank honored my note and left Dad out of jail in exchange for the Gardner paintings .
tr	PRES	" Does being a witch scare you ? "
tr	PRES	Still just as bitterly .
tr	PRES	Then I lean up on my tiptoes and whisper into his ear .
tr	PRES	He slides something from his pocket , coming straight toward us .
tr	PRES	Maci Owens 's voice rips me out of my daze .
tr	PRES	" I would , " she giggles .
tr	PAST	She swiped it off with a trembling hand .
tr	PAST	" I stole us a car .
tr	PRES	" I assume you have been briefed on what happened to it .
tr	PRES	Serena sends out a series of high frequency clicks , then stops to listen for their echo .
tr	PRES	The ship captain and Ambrose , Phillip , and Polonius stood respectfully silent while command decisions were made .
tr	PRES	I snap and slam my phone against the counter .
tr	PRES	A sound from somewhere in the room tips the balance and we lean back .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Avril ? "
tr	PAST	" The same contractor must have installed all the closet doors , " Sheila announced from inside the closet .
tr	PRES	Now , thick , black cords wove within her dark aura .
tr	PAST	Jackson 's thumb caressed my nape again .
tr	PAST	He pretended to be relieved .
tr	PAST	Mom pinched my knee under the table .
tr	PAST	Tyler grunted and smiled .
tr	PRES	" The tattoos ? "
tr	PAST	She fidgeted with her keys while glancing from Francesca to him .
tr	PRES	Let 's go get breakfast , " Baldwin tries to explain and then tries to move on .
tr	PAST	Malcolm babbled on about espionage in a newbie sort-of excited way , something about night vision goggles .
tr	PRES	We dive for her .
tr	PRES	My arm reaches out and I watch my hand pull the sleeve of his shirt and he turns to face me one more time .
tr	PAST	I secured my towel that I still had on and ran downstairs .
tr	PAST	The man shuffled a little to try to conceal himself behind the people in front of him .
tr	PAST	She took it up , only inches this time , and imagining a small fountain , created it .
tr	PAST	He then jabbed his pencil wand into my fingers , causing me to cry out .
tr	PRES	Jason sighs and shivers ; like a flood , the unique energy they used to share is suddenly unleashed into his soul .
tr	PAST	The noise slowly subsided .
tr	PAST	He scooted back against the pillows , reaching for the stack of books by the bed .
tr	PAST	Clutching the sword in his hand Viper battled to keep the darkness at bay .
tr	PRES	Though my arms and hands ache , I lean out the window and grab the other end of the ladder , lifting it back onto the windowsill .
tr	PAST	I predicted fork in his future .
tr	PRES	I peel away at my thumbnail .
tr	PAST	Before Maya could think of something comforting to say , Tara dove on top of John , dropping the jaws of everyone in the room .
tr	PAST	Before he got started , Brittany carved ours in the shape of a turkey and theirs in the shape of a duck .
tr	PRES	Leon : What happens , Alma ?
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves a second chance . "
tr	PAST	Then he urged his mount closer .
tr	PRES	It kills to feed but it doesn 't eat the meat .
tr	PAST	She untied the reins of her mare outside the building and mounted quickly .
tr	PRES	" Blue sweatshirt . "
tr	PAST	The last word emerged as a screech .
tr	PAST	She squealed and laughed , warming his heart .
tr	PAST	His hands grappled with Kaspar 's wrists , but he soon began to give up as slowly , agonizingly slowly , he turned purple .
tr	PRES	She glares at some creepy guy with a ponytail who keeps grinning at her from across the bar .
tr	PAST	I urged the horse to be quiet as we approached them .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me , but I recoil back and Asher steps up behind me , smacking Cameron 's hand away .
tr	PAST	Everything screeched to a halt in the trading post as they entered .
tr	PAST	I thanked him for his time and left my number with him saying I needed to sleep on it and we left .
tr	PRES	She points to the image on the screen and twists her head around to look at me .
tr	PRES	Aris opens a door and beckons for Thomas to follow him .
tr	PRES	I swing to the toilet then flush it .
tr	PRES	Mona sighs as she reluctantly gets to her feet and slowly walks behind the huge pirate .
tr	PAST	I tugged at the bonds until one broke , and I quickly unwound my hand .
tr	PAST	Her proud , handsome lover was most likely a demon now , his flesh desecrated , his soul corrupted .
tr	PRES	" Jasmine bubble bath ? "
tr	PAST	Her breath exploded in a little sob and she tried again to push back harder , to force the pace she wanted .
tr	PAST	She outlined the curvaceous shape with her hands .
tr	PAST	Neil crouched on the ground and removed a detonator from his field jacket .
tr	PRES	" It sounds like you think I 'm cheap , " I yell .
tr	PRES	My status as a FBI Agent causes me to mute a lot of what I say about what goes on in Black communities .
tr	PRES	" I can 't hit you , Elijah .
tr	PRES	Your brother talks about him all the time .
tr	PRES	He finally stops and I look at him and think about his words before responding .
tr	PRES	Harrison pops up next to Brielle , and I can hear her squealing out an introduction .
tr	PAST	Rage , at himself , hacked him much more viciously .
tr	PRES	No one deserves that kind of abuse .
tr	PAST	Her control split a little , then snapped .
tr	PAST	Yet I never bothered any of these brats .
tr	PAST	She glided over to pat him on the arm .
tr	PAST	His face saddened significantly .
tr	PRES	My mother helps him .
tr	PAST	She sneezed just as she was plugging it up , planning to vacuum the living room carpet then dragging the vacuum upstairs to tackle the master suite .
tr	PRES	James reaches for the chair to steady himself , but I 'm watching Dallas with both sympathy and understanding .
tr	PAST	" Pay no attention to him , " Rhonda advised me .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , at the end of that song , Mr. Hardiman announced , " I 'm Johnny Cash .
tr	PAST	The small neon sign in the window announced that it was open twenty-four hours a day .
tr	PAST	" Something along those lines , yes , " Adam revealed .
tr	PRES	They danced their way up the stairs to the master suite and changed out of their clothes into nightgowns .
tr	PRES	As I knew my eyes were about to close for the last time , Emma 's face shone above me , smiling down at me .
tr	PRES	" Three cups of the vat . "
tr	PRES	" Because you don 't need me anymore , " she explained , her humor fading quickly .
tr	PAST	" No , they 're your people , " Nora countered .
tr	PRES	His breaths were short , foggy puffs as he jogged around the building .
tr	PRES	She stops talking and the world around me stops , very , very slowly .
tr	PRES	You travel light for a woman , " he teased .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want your whisky , " he stated , backing away from the counter .
tr	PAST	He piled on something resembling ham .
tr	PRES	" They were armed , " the old man explains , trying to make it simple for them to understand .
tr	PRES	" Got to , buddy .
tr	PRES	" Push the door when you hear the buzz !
tr	PAST	Had Matthew not been awake already , he doubted he would have heard Bax at all .
tr	PRES	Politely , she offers it to us as well .
tr	PRES	" Down to the wine houses , eh ? "
tr	PAST	" Follow Kong , my horse , " he uttered .
tr	PAST	When I reach our drive way I easily sensed Diane inside the house .
tr	PRES	They describe you very precisely .
tr	PRES	Big glass thing , like a giant Christmas tree ornament . "
tr	PAST	He always acted like he got a kick out of shocking me .
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PAST	Had Hank really not bothered him ?
tr	PRES	My mother , who will never watch her little boy celebrate another Halloween again .
tr	PAST	It projected her heart-shaped face flying ahead of him .
tr	PAST	Marcus crumpled the paper in his palm and tossed it onto the table , then pulled back the drape .
tr	PRES	Memories from past life experiences . "
tr	PAST	Ow ... Make him stop , Daddy , " Cameron shrieked again , at the top of his voice .
tr	PAST	Sarah 's assumption bothered me , but not enough to make me stay away from Gideon .
tr	PAST	The line between Benji 's eyebrows deepened .
tr	PRES	Her legs were very heavy , her arms still leaden .
tr	PAST	He caressed my scalp with languid strokes , guiding , encouraging , urging me on .
tr	PAST	Grace 's head buzzed from her newfound knowledge .
tr	PAST	But I never acted on them .
tr	PAST	He established the first 20th century chapter of Hunters in England .
tr	PAST	" Damn woman , remind me never to piss you off , " Boone exclaimed in fear and admiration .
tr	PAST	Lola tugged at her leash and Charles let go .
tr	PRES	It begins to drip on her bare legs as he collapses to the side against the table .
tr	PRES	" And add lots of sugar .
tr	PAST	" It 's nice to meet you , " he gritted out .
tr	PAST	He circled back slowly , much lower than before .
tr	PRES	Admiral , with all do respect ... the war ... its nothing you have ever seen or faced , " Red states sternly .
tr	PRES	Overhead , branches wove a dense emerald canopy .
tr	PAST	Shea dumped the broken glass into the garbage can .
tr	PRES	The clock ticks , the wind gusts , and the night swallows the outside .
tr	PRES	He loves us unconditionally . "
tr	PAST	" And a rest , " Meredith said , patting him lightly on the hand .
tr	PAST	" You have only just arrived , " she hedged .
tr	PRES	Logan lands one more punch square across my jaw , and I land flat against the concrete one last time .
tr	PAST	I plopped down beside him and examined the dots on the wall , too .
tr	PAST	Even as she disappeared , the vase exploded in my mother 's hands , spraying water and glass everywhere .
tr	PRES	A hint of sympathy enters his gaze , and he touches my cheek with one hand .
tr	PRES	After his fashion , he uses the probabilistic nature of the cosmos to influence outcomes .
tr	PRES	I exhale in a sob .
tr	PRES	Dane sees it too , because we alter our course just a little bit to the right so we can stop and rest under the trees .
tr	PAST	And , of course , neither guy measured up to Adrian .
tr	PRES	" One pint ? "
tr	PAST	Ten minutes later she emerged and handed Dave a sheet torn from a notebook .
tr	PRES	He owes me a favor for not turning him in to the cops , so this was no biggie . "
tr	PRES	May you bury your enemies in the bowels of the old world . "
tr	PAST	His masuk guests grunted acknowledgement .
tr	PRES	Ethan and Lila lean in for a kiss , giggling under their breaths , which makes me giggle and Micha laugh .
tr	PAST	All this time you acted like you thought fights like this were barbaric . "
tr	PAST	Ali grunted as he smirked at us .
tr	PAST	Adam clutched hold of her arms .
tr	PRES	Back in grade school , his mother used to require him to help weed her vegetable garden at least once a week .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms .
tr	PAST	I pinched the ridge of my nose and squeezed my eyes shut .
tr	PAST	" There 's never a mistake with the touch , " Madeline stated firmly .
tr	PRES	She reaches out to pat my forearm , and my chest instantly fills with warmth .
tr	PAST	Something smoky and slightly acrid .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PRES	A long silence passes between us .
tr	PRES	" Right outta that freaky closet of his . "
tr	PRES	My breathing slows again .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes revealed no emotions and they studied me with great intensity .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and tried to focus .
tr	PRES	Silence , sadness without remedy , loneliness .
tr	PAST	A breeze rustled in the trees .
tr	PAST	She grunted in pain , dropping her knife as she was thrown to the side .
tr	PAST	Tessa , seated in the chair beside Jessamine 's bed , massaged her aching ribs and sighed .
tr	PRES	Then he mumbled , " Someone needs to take charge and change things . "
tr	PRES	The magic of the hunt changed slightly , felt ... angrier .
tr	PAST	It collapsed under the impact .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand for me to take , and it felt natural to accept it .
tr	PRES	Only one semester . "
tr	PRES	He touches the back of the crowd and then makes his way forward .
tr	PRES	The dragon quickly clears the tallest of the buildings and performs a barrel roll .
tr	PRES	" Weird , very weird , " mumbled Will , his brain trying to fathom what was going on .
tr	PAST	" Oh , shit , " Carol exclaimed .
tr	PAST	I tuned back in to Mags , paying enough attention to put in appropriate comments where needed .
tr	PRES	If it 's Cassie , I punch Dean in the nose . "
tr	PRES	Jagged yet graceful his movements , lips seductive , voice full of carefully modulated pain .
tr	PRES	" Oh , please " - Grayson holds back a grin - " by all means create a hysteria . "
tr	PAST	Jolene limped through the narrow area , lined with metal lockers .
tr	PRES	Ethan pushes me forward , and my chest is now pressed into the mattress .
tr	PRES	" We 're almost home now , honey , " Charlie mumbled now and then .
tr	PAST	She blotted all thought of Lasher from her mind .
tr	PRES	She gazes out the window , lost in her thoughts .
tr	PAST	I erected a mask of composure the next day when I strode into work , determined not to let my personal life affect my work .
tr	PRES	" Keep your eye on that one , " Trick breathes into my ear .
tr	PRES	Chris hugs and kisses you even more than he does me .
tr	PRES	" What about a swim to cool down ? "
tr	PAST	The vegetation lent a soft green touch to a harsh landscape .
tr	PAST	The patient uttered no sound .
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " he mumbled , pulling away after nearly a minute had passed .
tr	PRES	" The lesson ? "
tr	PAST	We exited the Volkswagen , climbed a narrow set of stairs , walked through a door , and came out in Patch 's new kitchen .
tr	PRES	Because she was feeding drugs to her babies to keep 'em quiet while she did her begging routine during the day .
tr	PAST	She mirrored his expression .
tr	PRES	" So ... you and Cooper ? "
tr	PRES	She snaps a lid tightly .
tr	PAST	I petted the cat one last time and then we hurried through the house .
tr	PRES	The funnel reaches the road behind us , twisting harder , kicking up earth higher and higher .
tr	PRES	At that point the black pedestal shimmers or more correctly something above it shimmers .
tr	PAST	April glowed with the pleasure of success .
tr	PAST	Other birds , larger , drawn by the feast , circled far below and settled .
tr	PAST	Julia piled the stack of books on top of the rolling shelf .
tr	PAST	" Calm down , Meara , " he crooned .
tr	PAST	I washed my hands in the soapy water and then dampened a towel .
tr	PAST	His eyes never wavered from Jaxon .
tr	PAST	Trent 's question shattered her blissful moment .
tr	PRES	" Can I reserve you this weekend for Saturday night from seven to midnight ? "
tr	PAST	I brace myself , feeling like I 'm going to fall right through the unsteady glass , but it turns out to be solid and sturdy .
tr	PRES	" A scribe . "
tr	PAST	Christopher slapped at the ' off ' button feature of his smart phone .
tr	PRES	I veer to my right , even though my sister 's place is to the left , just to avoid walking by them .
tr	PAST	A man dealt with life as it came .
tr	PAST	" Sofie painted this ? "
tr	PRES	" But mamma ! "
tr	PAST	He extended his hand .
tr	PRES	His lip splits open and blood splatters everywhere .
tr	PAST	She cocked back and uppercut herself with a right fist and nodded .
tr	PRES	Dos , " she tries it in Spanish , to no better effect .
tr	PAST	We exited the elevator on the second floor and proceeded to the coffee shop .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five Once Einstein had been walked and we were curled up together in my new bed , sleep proved more elusive than I 'd expected .
tr	PAST	Will you banish me as well ? "
tr	PRES	I generate them wherever I want them to be .
tr	PAST	Brick sought the cause .
tr	PRES	Her voice causes me to pause in the doorway , just as I 'm about to leave .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm selfish ! "
tr	PAST	Suddenly a large private jet swooped in , barely missing treetops on their approach .
tr	PAST	Again , he hopped over it effortlessly , but this time the slats were placed too narrowly for her to squeeze through .
tr	PAST	A chorus of mech wolf howls accompanied the tribute .
tr	PAST	" That 's trickier , " she hedged .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked and circled , alternating the pressure so that he forced her to the edge , and then backed off .
tr	PAST	Regardless of all the changes taking place , he never fully transformed .
tr	PAST	Ashwin stated simply that a mage tended to select the attire that would best suit his station and function at the Seminary .
tr	PRES	The same applies to a civilization or a species !
tr	PAST	She clutched her table for support , staring at him with a mixture of guilt and pleading .
tr	PRES	My Mom hisses on the phone .
tr	PAST	" A woman named Victoria Knight somehow got hold of the journal of Adelaide Pyne .
tr	PRES	Convince him , Peregrine , or none of us stands a chance . "
tr	PAST	Perry dove into the crowd , sinking into his legs to minimize his height .
tr	PRES	" I 've lost you too many times , Sloane , " he murmurs between my lips .
tr	PRES	He points to the flip-flops I 'm wearing with my sundress .
tr	PRES	The man 's wife even sings .
tr	PRES	The doctor remains poised , ready to charge and apply the paddles again .
tr	PAST	He related the discovery in 1959 of a cluster of exceptional savant talent , a group of Gypsy children .
tr	PRES	Nothing at all , but my statement still stands .
tr	PAST	With that remark , Katie quit laughing .
tr	PRES	" Well that explains why you didn 't answer my texts and calls . "
tr	PRES	Not if he really wants the tunnels deep enough to hold slime . "
tr	PAST	I have already relayed these same words to the Chancellor of the Colonies . "
tr	PAST	I flicked a switch on the box below the dashboard and got the chirping sound .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , he crouched beside Layla .
tr	PRES	As Emma begins to slip the phone back into her front pocket , it begins to ring .
tr	PAST	" You could get away for a week or two , " Kim persisted .
tr	PAST	Gradually , patterns emerged , but Janie didn 't trust her own work , so she put her pretty graphs in a drawer and started over .
tr	PAST	This lottery dictated who would live and who would die .
tr	PRES	" Not after the firing range . "
tr	PAST	The colonel slowed to grab some papers from the top tray on one corner , ironic for an advanced cyber unit .
tr	PRES	She misses looking into your green eyes and extracting as many of your inner thoughts as possible so that she can pass them on to me . "
tr	PRES	Even now , her power ripples over my skin . "
tr	PAST	Somewhat mollified , Fisher thanked the Inspector .
tr	PAST	Madeline exhaled , obviously relieved .
tr	PRES	" Flattery 's project loses and the people gain .
tr	PAST	As they watched her being sworn in , Ben sensed a sliver of Stone 's over-the-top optimism evaporating .
tr	PRES	' We have to go , ' he begged .
tr	PAST	Crawling so that the shed was between him and the road , Pigeon hooted .
tr	PRES	But the girl stretches out her leg and thrusts her foot into Temple 's chest , and it feels like a sledgehammer driving her backward .
tr	PAST	Jonas eyed her indulgently .
tr	PAST	He stormed up the stairs , opening the doors until he found her room .
tr	PAST	Her mother motioned for her to sit .
tr	PAST	With care , he emerged back into the classroom and strode over to the windows overlooking the darkened boulevard below .
tr	PAST	Above , the helicopter shadowed them .
tr	PRES	" Let me do this one thing for you , " Sasha whispers .
tr	PAST	But she doubted she could convince him .
tr	PRES	There was this little thing , " She holds her hand out to the side , snapping her fingers , considering something .
tr	PAST	She blamed the fact she was working when , since his business collapsed , he wasn 't .
tr	PAST	Doris continued to cry beside him , her trembling hands clasped in a desperate prayer .
tr	PAST	The ambulance sped down the road , rushing fast as its sirens screamed .
tr	PRES	' Quickly describe ! '
tr	PAST	This shattered wretch you see before you is the man I have become in my absence ; it is no act . "
tr	PAST	Instead , he just slowly teased her distended nipple , never providing her the relief she sought .
tr	PAST	He looks at me , eyebrow cocked .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with his cufflinks .
tr	PAST	A little smile tugged at the corner of her mouth .
tr	PRES	Caleb tries to match me , beginning with his feet and moving up with the rest of him .
tr	PAST	" I received several different calls that year from the State Department , if I remember correctly . "
tr	PRES	But they also mule it .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply at the sight of him perched on the rumbling Harley .
tr	PRES	Please ... " " Sleep with me ? "
tr	PAST	Switching on the flashlight , she shone the beam through the trees , becoming aware of the silence closing in on her .
tr	PAST	He sensed a much taller figure .
tr	PAST	Amelia indulged herself in the memory of his reassuring bass , the lingering feel of his hand .
tr	PRES	He glances down at the black pumps .
tr	PAST	Then , my insides vibrated like a piano string and I shut my eyes tight against tears .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled into his touch , wanting to comfort him and wanting comfort in return .
tr	PRES	He likes to use those pretty boy looks of his to get his way but I 'm safe from his attention .
tr	PAST	He grunted softly when he saw the beveled mirror over the dresser .
tr	PAST	Mary Elise willed away the rogue twinge of excitement .
tr	PAST	Even though he wasn 't anywhere near this town , even though the citizen came from Jakarta , I still feared .
tr	PAST	They dusted and rechecked each item and placed it near the front door of the townhouse .
tr	PAST	" Tsk , tsk , Raina , " Sloane chided .
tr	PRES	The elevator stops on the top floor , and the others file out .
tr	PAST	He tipped his cap at her and turned .
tr	PRES	The moving causes my stomach to turn and roll .
tr	PAST	" Buckle up , " he instructed Cindy .
tr	PAST	" Please , Patch , wake up , " I begged , kissing his mouth and wishing it would miraculously wake him .
tr	PRES	He stands over it and looks back at me .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the bouquet , smiled to himself and indulged in a sip .
tr	PRES	" According to Lieutenant .
tr	PRES	" Clever , " whispers Dad , but with no hint of respect .
tr	PRES	But ... " He stops , as if uncertain of what to say next .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands behind his head and gazed in wonder over their new domain .
tr	PAST	Riley pretended I wasn 't even there and kept his midnight eyes intent on Gemma .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the sudden brightness , looking up for the first time at the mountainous glaciers that surrounded them .
tr	PAST	" I 'm in desperate need of a shower , " I announced to the room .
tr	PAST	The gem in the crown glowed in the moonlight , and she gingerly pushed against one side of the jewel .
tr	PAST	Marshall cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	Gabby scooted back and Travis got on the bike , only to feel her wrap her arms around him .
tr	PRES	He remains calm as ever , patiently giving back change to a customer .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us , tight and angry .
tr	PRES	Probably VIP , too , with a guard at the door .
tr	PAST	He pretended to look around the ranch .
tr	PRES	When you Venetians diverted the Frankish Crusaders to attack it instead of Jerusalem . "
tr	PRES	' Well , ' she allows , ' I guess ... it 's possible . '
tr	PRES	" You 're looking me over like I 'm your next meal , " he teased me .
tr	PRES	" She suffers from severe dissociative disorder and autism .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with something like admiration .
tr	PAST	It freed her up to do more entertaining things on the weekend .
tr	PRES	" Hell , yes , " I crowed , and jumped into the elevator as the doors skimmed open .
tr	PAST	When Kyle held out his palms , the windows of the office shattered and the Director growled as the entire building began to sway .
tr	PAST	He collapsed onto his knees and whispered , " Sakura . "
tr	PAST	Smoke cocked his head .
tr	PAST	" Gee Sarge , at least let the kid shoot at him first , " a young soldier piped up .
tr	PAST	Carl shuffled through some papers until he found the file he wanted .
tr	PAST	I have no idea what you 're talking about , " she lied once again .
tr	PAST	Simone then proceeded to spit in Winston 's face .
tr	PAST	Scarlett slowed to forty , keeping one car length between them .
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled in his throat .
tr	PAST	Cage grunted his displeasure and took another drink of beer .
tr	PRES	I swim towards the gun .
tr	PAST	Resolving this potential problem so quickly lightened his spirits .
tr	PAST	Max saluted and strode off .
tr	PRES	A soft whirring , the faintest buzz ... .
tr	PRES	At her feet , a guy lies bleeding .
tr	PRES	His fiery hair winks out as his avatar disappears , and I 'm left staring at Brian 's real face .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and rests a hand on Antonio 's chest for just a second too long .
tr	PAST	" Just pretend like you belong here , " I instructed , taking Laurel 's hand .
tr	PAST	He appraised her condition with a sweep of his deep blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Tradition required that the two participants lock eyes .
tr	PAST	The dog 's ears cocked as I whispered his name .
tr	PAST	The silence was so long , he feared she would refuse to answer .
tr	PRES	I slap his arm .
tr	PAST	Even if I tell him nothing , he will find you , " Renfield 's voice heightened with fear as he turned to the grey wolf .
tr	PAST	Her hands roamed over him , stripping him , stroking him , and all too soon he was begging , unable to help himself .
tr	PAST	He produced a stack of photographs and laid them on the bedside table next to the bottle of pills .
tr	PRES	Everyone at our lunch table loves you . "
tr	PRES	Chapter 18 Anthony returns a few hours later carrying bags of clothes .
tr	PRES	His hand slides out of mine as he says , " Sorry . "
tr	PRES	" But what about Marcie ? "
tr	PAST	He wagged his finger at Beth , the action of a man who appreciated and was laughing good-naturedly at the joke played on him .
tr	PAST	" Mr. Jenkins , I 'll get that blasted ledger , " Timmy stated boldly .
tr	PAST	Terrance pondered as he drove along .
tr	PAST	Selena gritted her teeth and braced herself for the inevitable .
tr	PAST	Grant flicked an empty , overturned bottle and sent it spinning on the table .
tr	PAST	Daemon 's light dimmed , and when I looked at him , he was in his human form .
tr	PAST	With a cry of her own , McKenzie shattered again , their sounds of pleasure blending together as they collapsed forward onto the bed .
tr	PRES	" I don 't think you 'll be complaining , lass .
tr	PAST	The glass shattered under my weight .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , letting my breath eke its way out .
tr	PRES	She washes them in the river and dries them on the material of her dress .
tr	PAST	The girl she had tried to kill had risked her life to save her .
tr	PRES	His words echo in the cavern .
tr	PRES	They are going to wonder what 's going on , " I mumbled softly .
tr	PAST	But nothing compared to right here , right now .
tr	PAST	Maybe she - A burst of pain exploded in his stomach , a wrenching , twisting stab of fire and needles .
tr	PAST	Jake stormed into the kitchen and dragged the trashcan back to Joanne 's room .
tr	PAST	Hassler charged , but Ethan caught him with an elbow to the jaw and the man 's knees buckled .
tr	PRES	He looks up at us , hair gleaming a dark gold in the firelight .
tr	PRES	But I couldn ´ t leave McAfee on the floor like that .
tr	PAST	Jack extended his hand to her and she accepted it .
tr	PRES	Vin watched him now , his Push losing power as he got too far from the coin anchor below .
tr	PAST	She donned a forest green cape that hung to her black leather boots .
tr	PAST	The leaves rustled and both men spun toward the sound .
tr	PAST	Above him , Jamison crooned wordless sounds of comfort .
tr	PRES	McKenna approaches me with a cup of coffee .
tr	PRES	He considers secondly that of change .
tr	PRES	" Then let 's always be honest with one another , " Jett whispered .
tr	PRES	Jackson frowned slightly , his dark brows coming together .
tr	PAST	A grin tugged at her full pink lips , which in turn tugged at his self-control .
tr	PRES	She slides the jewelry off her wrist .
tr	PAST	He accused my father of being weak , of going easy on you .
tr	PRES	She states this firmly .
tr	PAST	She obtained the protective order because he could live there .
tr	PRES	" Story , " Sara whispers .
tr	PRES	" I guess we should make sure you don 't land yourself in jail then , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He inquired with his pen poised over his notebook as if he were ready to take dictation .
tr	PAST	" Maybe they 're mad because you 've been sleeping with a pure , " Seth joked , but his voice was laced with unease .
tr	PRES	Pain wells up inside my chest , tightening it nearly to the point of breaking as I relive my selfish actions .
tr	PRES	Honour slams the door behind him and I dive into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	His blue eyes pierced her soul .
tr	PAST	Sitting with Uncle Louie in the sanctuary before the service , I squinted up at the board listing today 's hymns .
tr	PAST	I dealt with her .
tr	PAST	Stuart and Love smashed their way in to the warehouse to find the dealer and his client arguing over some merchandise .
tr	PRES	Magic still freaked me out .
tr	PAST	Such a beautiful eternity awaited her here .
tr	PAST	" Humanity has not lost , " Scott countered .
tr	PRES	A pang of grief washes over me at the memory , and suddenly I want nothing more than to find her and hold her .
tr	PAST	It swirled like stars .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled into him .
tr	PRES	She explains that she will take us to the dressing rooms where we will put our clothes and belongings in lockers .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" Because I go to a school for warrior whiz kids .
tr	PRES	" The prophecy states that a true hero would journey through the light and find the Princess beneath the surface .
tr	PRES	Dad points at the form I 'm filling in .
tr	PAST	I clutched at my long , white nightgown as I moved slowly into the hall , drawn by the memory of the scream .
tr	PAST	The sweating man froze .
tr	PAST	Those hooked pinkies almost made him weep .
tr	PAST	He pinched her lounge pants .
tr	PRES	The prospect fills me with nervous anticipation .
tr	PRES	Fog drifts by in a series of elongated strips .
tr	PAST	She washed the dust out of what was left of her hair and flicked it back , spraying droplets of warm water around in the shower .
tr	PAST	Here and there a wisp of smoke dared to breach the air .
tr	PAST	Brent flattened his palms on the desk .
tr	PRES	Leave me , " she begged .
tr	PRES	But yes ... it helps , knowing I didn 't suffer for nothing . "
tr	PRES	" It 's okay ; you can call me that , " I mutter through a sniffle .
tr	PRES	I disagree with the execution . "
tr	PRES	No one remembers neutral gray .
tr	PRES	I writhe against my bonds , wanting more .
tr	PRES	The tower produces water . "
tr	PRES	" You can see the dark side of anything , " he teased .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PAST	She gently steered the other woman to the leather couch .
tr	PRES	" Demons manipulate people .
tr	PAST	My hips rotated of their own accord , and I let out a low moan .
tr	PAST	Ruby experienced a momentary lapse in courage .
tr	PRES	" Oh ok . "
tr	PRES	Maybe ... " I drag my fingers through his hair , breathing in his musky scent .
tr	PAST	Now his hands clasped her arms , and she started to struggle .
tr	PAST	She landed like a gymnast , her arms outstretched in front of her .
tr	PRES	" If there is such a rule , it applies only to Brothers .
tr	PRES	" No jurisdiction ? "
tr	PAST	She slowly unbuttoned her silk blouse , exposing the firmest pair of breasts he had ever seen .
tr	PAST	Cold fingers of dread crawled the length of her spine .
tr	PAST	Marcus accompanied Crassus as he inspected the fortifications and conferred with the Tribune of the engineering cohort .
tr	PAST	He hooked an arm around Paige 's shoulder and drew her to his side .
tr	PRES	" We belong together .
tr	PRES	" Don 't do us any favors , bro .
tr	PAST	He crawled away and Nathan returned to his duties .
tr	PAST	The gold embossed tag underneath read , Pandora 's box .
tr	PRES	He opens the door and collects my overnight bag and my purse from the seat .
tr	PAST	I never lied to you .
tr	PAST	Then , moving faster than a rocket , we charged out of town and across the countryside .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't you ever wash it ? "
tr	PRES	My mother stands by Prospero 's throne .
tr	PAST	You stole my boyfriend ! "
tr	PRES	Their long green stems extending from the bank , looking like beckoning arms .
tr	PRES	I poise my knife in front of me .
tr	PAST	Her whole body tensed .
tr	PRES	" Something bothers you .
tr	PRES	She opens the door wider so I can step inside .
tr	PRES	" I said , guilty Miss Riley .
tr	PRES	" It 's pretty , but it 's not my color , " Ted teased .
tr	PAST	He provided stud service and nothing more .
tr	PRES	They regard other people warily , and never stay in once place for very long .
tr	PRES	" The next thing you know , you 'll be making supper , " Allegra teased him .
tr	PRES	Some fatal flaw always brings the selfish and cruel people to the top and it all slides back into misery and ruin .
tr	PRES	A child learns through falls and by guidance , and drinks deeply of the world around him .
tr	PRES	Just thinking about it causes the tightness in my chest to ease somewhat .
tr	PRES	" Only Ricky . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't forget the egg money , " I teased .
tr	PAST	The Detective stares hard into Antonio 's cold , dark eyes .
tr	PRES	He remains still for a while , breathing heavily against my chest , like he 's afraid to move .
tr	PRES	" Would you disagree ? "
tr	PRES	I hunger for you .
tr	PAST	" If you 'd been in my bed , you would have been well pleased and then would still be sleeping , " he countered .
tr	PAST	Drew waves at me , a meek , sincere smile on his face , and goes back to chatting with Tate .
tr	PRES	Tied ' em up and led ' em out behind the wagon jist like the sheep an ' pigs . "
tr	PAST	Please , I silently prayed , though I didn 't know if I was praying for it to stay or for it to go .
tr	PRES	It pays fairly well , too , so I can 't complain about that , but ... " She paused again .
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin with his knuckle .
tr	PRES	The team stops talking and turns around , as Jacques Bousquet , the President of France , walks in .
tr	PAST	When his gaze slid to Carol , his eyes sobered before he smiled .
tr	PRES	It brings out not the obsequious but the more thoughtful side of humans .
tr	PRES	" Like you want to get laid , " Danni teased .
tr	PRES	A light mist fills the tiny chamber .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone like twin gems , earnest and pleading .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , Dina flashes me a sheepish smile .
tr	PAST	Their merriment ceased abruptly , however , when , as one , they realized the precariousness of their position .
tr	PAST	She unbuttoned his shirt .
tr	PRES	The boy snorts and shakes his head .
tr	PAST	She claimed the table on the right , further from the jury box .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're not making secret plans to become a vampire ? "
tr	PAST	He clutched onto the edge of the desk , digging his nails into the wood .
tr	PRES	' Don 't worry , Brand .
tr	PAST	Before the assassin could regain his footing yet again , Hunter hauled him up off the floor .
tr	PRES	My skin remains quiet and I breathe a sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	Trent 's blue eyes roam my face as he smirks , settling on my lips .
tr	PAST	And all the cranberry sauce you can eat . "
tr	PAST	" They trusted you , though .
tr	PAST	The dogs fanned out far ahead of him .
tr	PRES	" Madison Square Garden ? "
tr	PAST	Sean exhaled as he slid inside her .
tr	PRES	You and Shane drag your own hassles in all the time .
tr	PRES	" I knew you liked me , Jack Brodie , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so sorry , " she whispers into my ear .
tr	PRES	The sun rises higher , and I hurt even in the distant recesses of my body .
tr	PAST	The thought saddened her .
tr	PRES	She stares off at the expansive wall of stainless appliances .
tr	PAST	" That is amazing what you did today , " she exclaimed .
tr	PAST	His muscles tensed and rippled under my hands .
tr	PRES	He brings a hand automatically to his head , patting his hair into place again .
tr	PRES	The voice rises , blazing with incomprehensible rage .
tr	PRES	A gust of wind pushes enters through his office window , ruffling the waves of his hair .
tr	PAST	Lola cheered up by the time we got to the door .
tr	PAST	I padded down the hallway , peeking into the living room .
tr	PRES	Says the busiest man on the planet .
tr	PRES	He reaches into one of the cubbies and pulls out a round piece of solid glass about the size of a ping-pong ball .
tr	PAST	Gaston unbuttoned his dark jacket before taking a seat in one of the green plastic chairs in front of the large , heavy desk .
tr	PAST	Huw leaped upwards with ease , but Philip was already lagging behind , in spite of his long legs .
tr	PRES	" Your boyfriend lets you run off for a weekend with your boss ? "
tr	PRES	' Du n no . '
tr	PAST	I dialed , but it went straight to voicemail , her phone deadened .
tr	PAST	Arin cuffed him , adding another split to his already tattered lips .
tr	PAST	Jonathan ceased drinking and glared at his friend .
tr	PAST	Glen hopped up to open the door ; Doris brushed past him and went straight to the washroom .
tr	PRES	Never cured one . "
tr	PAST	I lightly massaged the back of her neck with my hand .
tr	PAST	I have witnessed it with my own eyes , myself and 2 other agents acted to preserve it .
tr	PRES	For all I know , she helps the mechanic with repairs between the nuzzling and softly whispered words .
tr	PRES	Light flickers against the wound and yellowish liquid begins to seep across the black and coppery scales .
tr	PRES	He elbows Ethan , who says , " Yeah , count me in . "
tr	PRES	" Fuck , " he whispers but does it .
tr	PRES	He wears me down .
tr	PRES	" Looks like we 'll have to stay here for a while , " states Miguel .
tr	PRES	Grant softens his voice and is now near me .
tr	PAST	As a contingency , he created an encrypted partition on the laptop drive and copied all of the files into it .
tr	PRES	" It 's a busy time at the Gas N Go , " he comments .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I waver .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you to Miami ? "
tr	PRES	With a groan of irritation , Navi sees where this is going .
tr	PRES	All others lean on my strength , yet you seek to help me , to shoulder my duties . "
tr	PAST	I eyed him warily .
tr	PRES	" What about the gorillas ? "
tr	PAST	Pretty soon she hooked her carriage to Carl - self-made millionaire and wanna-be cowboy .
tr	PAST	She defended his space between the neighbors crowded .
tr	PRES	' This assignment carries much responsibility .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the napkin back into the file where he was keeping copies of his old grant applications and rubbed his eyes .
tr	PAST	a loud voice boomed .
tr	PAST	THIRTEEN Violet Hours merged into days , every day as insignificant as the next , time passing in a blur , nothing standing out .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Your Highness .
tr	PRES	However we try to twist it , whatever weird stuff we throw at it , it still holds firm , always there .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble as I open the door .
tr	PRES	" This test concludes ... " I looked up at Dale , my mouth dropping open .
tr	PAST	Their blue eyes circled and the gold armor reflected the setting sun that streamed in from the plane 's windows .
tr	PRES	" Our fight begins tomorrow .
tr	PAST	" George just threw up a hair ball and what looks like most of his breakfast , " he reported .
tr	PRES	It all fits together .
tr	PRES	We crash into each other 's arms .
tr	PRES	I balanced , closed my eyes and tried to ignore the attention I was getting from the others .
tr	PRES	" Says he 's never seen anything like this , and I believe him . "
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	" I mean Sergio , you jackass . "
tr	PAST	The demons all but destroyed the once happy haven , but at least there are not bodies .
tr	PRES	Blackjack easily clears seven feet when standing .
tr	PAST	I retreated , leaving a shiny trail on his thick length , proof of where I had been .
tr	PRES	He felt a little better holding it in his hand , its head resting on the cement , its razor tip wavering high overhead .
tr	PRES	In total hunger , giving you ecstasy ? "
tr	PAST	Lifting the foliage up , she revealed an opening in the stone wide enough to allow them to pass through .
tr	PAST	It provided everything they needed and sheltered them from all harm .
tr	PRES	" Which brings me to my lack of powers ! "
tr	PRES	I shove Cooper again , " Damn it Cooper ! "
tr	PRES	" Nope , nothing , bro .
tr	PRES	This carries with it some inherent risks .
tr	PRES	Think of all the surgeries you can pay for after I rearrange that pretty face , hmm ? "
tr	PAST	I froze and considered shoving the milk back in the fridge and hiding .
tr	PAST	Marco and Cori volunteered to go looking for the missing boys and had already driven away .
tr	PRES	She sniffs , expecting the men to join in her game .
tr	PRES	I worship you , I crave and adore and love you far more than life .
tr	PRES	Francesca removes her phone from her pocket and opens it .
tr	PRES	" Mason , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	The footman regarded me dubiously , but nodded .
tr	PAST	The pilot flicked on red interior lights .
tr	PRES	She just freaked out . "
tr	PRES	When Morgan returned to the kitchen , his face taut with tension .
tr	PRES	Even through the phone , without sense of sight , he compelled me to want to agree just to see him again .
tr	PRES	' Never , ever threaten one of us ! '
tr	PRES	I must be a better liar than I thought , " he chuckles , pulling out a cigarette .
tr	PAST	He split his searching stare between her and the ivy .
tr	PAST	The women attempted to engage her , but she simply couldn 't respond .
tr	PRES	" And such long , graceful fingers .
tr	PRES	Didn 't I teach you not to fuck with me yesterday ? "
tr	PAST	Edward stiffened , and a low hiss sounded in my ear .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me . "
tr	PAST	" Even the dog is against me , " I mumbled , picking tiny leaves off a fern branch and tossing them aside .
tr	PRES	There was a dish of such bul ets , in fact , in one of the cabinets , fil ing a bloodstained bowl .
tr	PAST	" And you must have been a good friend , " she sniffed .
tr	PAST	Bree scooted away to the end of the hall and waited on the other side .
tr	PRES	The rest mumbled an assent .
tr	PAST	My gaze circled my surroundings .
tr	PRES	" No one likes to be rejected , Mad . "
tr	PRES	" Why expose this to us at all ?
tr	PAST	Turning , she ticked off a finger and walked toward him as she spoke .
tr	PRES	Amber holds onto her knees and dabs her face with the tissue .
tr	PRES	" That 's not very likely on either account , " Kiran mumbled .
tr	PAST	Go get help from some adults , " Aaron quietly instructed them .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head as he watched the horror on my face .
tr	PRES	" Oh , that helps . "
tr	PRES	" They manufacture mechanical children , whom they can teach .
tr	PAST	" She never faltered once . "
tr	PRES	He pointed to the smoke , " Kadar , always likes to be the first to lead his tribe to the Gathering . "
tr	PRES	" Bang these together , Jess . "
tr	PRES	Without a word from anybody , Jenna scoots off his lap and we all make our way out the door .
tr	PAST	" How you feeling , Hank ? "
tr	PAST	His tongue teased the underside of my nipple , swirling and licking it with little flicks designed to drive me wild .
tr	PRES	" I brought you something , " she announces as she crosses my room and joins me on the balcony .
tr	PRES	It just glides right over us with smoke coming out of its nostrils .
tr	PAST	Actually , come to think of it , he tricked my dad .
tr	PAST	The note stated that Clara and Edward had gone to town , looking for store space and for dinner .
tr	PAST	Celeste perked up as she glanced down the hall .
tr	PAST	He motioned for her to lie down .
tr	PAST	A shudder snaked down my spine .
tr	PRES	It fits her exotic , striking appearance .
tr	PRES	" What about your friend Lea ? "
tr	PAST	He steered clear of her to avoid questions he didn 't want to answer .
tr	PAST	Once appointed , they proved loyal , hard working and talented .
tr	PRES	The Arcadian was taller than anyone else in the room , his shoulders broad and muscled like a savage Pict warrior from long ago .
tr	PRES	I assume you have met Mistress Elizabeth ? "
tr	PAST	" He handled it well . "
tr	PRES	The dark sky yawns , and a patter of rain begins its harsh assault .
tr	PAST	Cole crouched down in front of me and closed his hands around mine .
tr	PAST	Then he untied Koda 's leash from the tree while she dressed .
tr	PRES	He glances at his partner then draws his handgun , pointing it at the costumed terror .
tr	PRES	" No wears or tears on this beauty . "
tr	PRES	And maybe a rawhide chew toy for the dog .
tr	PRES	I shout again with my hands balled at my sides .
tr	PAST	Her with her hands on his chest , him with his forehead resting against hers as he said something Nikolai couldn 't hear .
tr	PRES	A glare over her shoulder promptly returns the gawking group below to their training .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Voss ... " The mention of Mrs. Voss suddenly recalled Annie to her circumstances and surroundings .
tr	PAST	Then his eyes roamed over to Liberty Island .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked back and forth , unsure , cautious .
tr	PRES	The lady still carries her wound , he sees , blood dripping from her outstretched wing .
tr	PRES	She ran her fingertips down his chest , her nails lightly scraping the skin .
tr	PAST	How far has your investigation proceeded to this point ? "
tr	PAST	I stole a glance at Julian and caught his eyes on me .
tr	PRES	The spirit shimmers then falls in shattered slivers to the ground in front of Roland .
tr	PRES	" Most of them , anyway , " I add .
tr	PAST	Benny motioned with his hands toward his chest .
tr	PRES	" Greg Davis . "
tr	PRES	He belongs to me . "
tr	PRES	Brandi glances down at the pitchfork lying next to him , then stares at his feet .
tr	PRES	Steam rises over the brim as she blows on the liquid .
tr	PRES	My mother stands up and pats him on the back as she picks up the phone book .
tr	PRES	Corinne had her eyes closed and she looked serene , her long lashes two thick , dark crescents on her face .
tr	PAST	Her light lingered there .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 10 The Grand Administrator enters with all pomp and ceremony .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Hargrove sighs and shakes her head at Fred .
tr	PRES	He breathes in my scent .
tr	PRES	We assume it goes into the treasury .
tr	PAST	I prayed that my will was stronger than my physical desire .
tr	PAST	Most of the group still lingered around the fire , some had gone to bed and others were packing gear tightly away for the night .
tr	PRES	Heart in her mouth , she snuck along the paneled corridor towards the voices .
tr	PAST	In the cool night air an ocean breeze rustled the fronds .
tr	PAST	I freeze , recognizing that voice anywhere .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her hair .
tr	PRES	I chuckle underneath my breath and it hurts my lungs because my muscles have been immovable for the past month .
tr	PRES	Something not pleasant . "
tr	PRES	" This damp weather plays havoc with it . "
tr	PRES	He points to my chin .
tr	PAST	Grace squealed as she let Teddy dunk her in the water , and Joe returned his attention to the lake .
tr	PRES	" Good thing I didn 't pack more , " Rick mumbled .
tr	PRES	He sighs deeply and tightens his lips .
tr	PAST	" Not sure , " Andy lied .
tr	PRES	More than beautiful - magnificent .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PAST	She crouched twenty feet above him , and he saw her auburn hair drift in the wind as she looked out from her perch .
tr	PRES	The truth lies in between . "
tr	PRES	My heart stops beating ; it fills with warmth and light and I want to stay here forever , locked in this moment .
tr	PRES	" Your highness ! "
tr	PAST	Larry 's voice boomed through the room .
tr	PAST	The woman relayed the information , eyes widening at what Michaels assumed was some kind of nasty response at his presence .
tr	PAST	Blake 's eyes squinted and his mouth smirked .
tr	PAST	Her fangs retracted a bit , and some of the glowing green left her eyes as she mustered her resolve .
tr	PAST	She preferred bright , cheerful colours .
tr	PAST	He stares at the liquid as if it 's poison .
tr	PRES	" What if he sees us ? "
tr	PAST	" Oh damn , " Selena exhaled .
tr	PRES	" Grand Duchess Anastasia .
tr	PAST	Without looking back , she sped from his room and back to hers .
tr	PRES	It clears up to almost blankness again and she presses her lips together .
tr	PAST	The same fleet that should have defended Sheraton and was instead busy falling back and licking its wounds .
tr	PAST	Nash hauled me out of the water and we took off , into the coverage of trees , and ducked behind giant palm fronds dripping with rainwater .
tr	PRES	When it gets to be too much , we snap .
tr	PRES	Silence wraps around me , and I fill it with my voice .
tr	PAST	The second time you smashed a window .
tr	PRES	Ah , the oracle strikes again .
tr	PAST	As if to answer , the plant shrieked again .
tr	PAST	OPD policy required thirty days ' notice before quitting .
tr	PRES	She deserves to be treasured , not abandoned . "
tr	PAST	Kane awoke to Alma 's gentle touch .
tr	PAST	He dreamed suddenly of running on endless deserted sand .
tr	PRES	" He likes nonfiction .
tr	PRES	And it applies to you too , Ruth .
tr	PRES	Derek sees me and nods a hello as he and Shep watch TV .
tr	PRES	Tom stops Eli at the top of the staircase .
tr	PRES	He disappears to the left .
tr	PRES	Wrong , but beautiful . "
tr	PRES	' What big project ? '
tr	PAST	She prayed it was true .
tr	PRES	" Now , Mr. Greene , slice the cloth . "
tr	PRES	" Your nephew . "
tr	PAST	This evening proved to be no different .
tr	PAST	I sobbed into the phone .
tr	PAST	He sensed the creeping tentacles of despair and loneliness crawling upon his person following this revelation .
tr	PRES	This third mark brings my family one step closer to joining the True Bloodline on that highest pedestal .
tr	PAST	Deja vu smacked me in the face .
tr	PAST	Chapter Four " What an ugly pile of rock .
tr	PRES	When I am in the water everything slows down to me .
tr	PAST	The men who 'd drugged her .
tr	PAST	Questions swirled around my head constantly .
tr	PRES	Worry pulses though me , and I lean over , putting my chin on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Damien opens the door to a wide living space .
tr	PRES	He brings a significant amount of business in and his wife is very friendly with many of the Board Members and their spouses .
tr	PRES	Dead giveaway , with emphasis on dead .
tr	PRES	" A porcelain doll . "
tr	PAST	I froze in my tracks ; that wasn 't Charlie .
tr	PRES	Finally she stops moving with me , her muscles tightening as she cries out .
tr	PRES	" Is there anything else , mistress ? "
tr	PAST	All of these distractions have hindered you from finding the 4th , " he scoffed .
tr	PRES	Fifteen Lana Barrington He stands at the door of the living room .
tr	PAST	The tunnel extended a surprising distance .
tr	PAST	He flicked his gaze to Dylan .
tr	PAST	A wanton creation charge laid on top of a death sentence always resulted in torture , and the torture ritual never changed .
tr	PAST	She clutched the advice that Sharon had given her like a lifeline .
tr	PRES	Little folk I know there , kind at the day 's end .
tr	PRES	Only one thought mattered right now : to save Angelica no matter the cost .
tr	PRES	How it changes everything if I go out with him .
tr	PRES	" He wouldn 't dare , " snaps Miguel .
tr	PRES	He loves you . "
tr	PAST	My universe shrank to the size of my body .
tr	PRES	" Miss Turner . "
tr	PAST	Generally he fled the room and left them to his mother .
tr	PAST	Serenity 's emotions churned ; a guilty , sick feeling , with a spark of something else -- hope ?
tr	PRES	But I warn you , if you so much as raise your voice , you are out for good .
tr	PRES	The world inside the living room changes into something unfamiliar , something frightening and beautiful at the same time .
tr	PAST	Her head bounced against a rock , and her eyes filled with stars .
tr	PRES	" Yes , your highness . "
tr	PRES	He stops , and looks back at me .
tr	PRES	" After my bath . "
tr	PRES	One of them holds up a gloved hand .
tr	PAST	The woman 's breathing faltered .
tr	PAST	Then she regained enough control to press her hand against the table .
tr	PAST	They collapsed on themselves and then the rubble was burned away .
tr	PAST	The bar split into two .
tr	PRES	" Tech Sergeant Mason Randolph . "
tr	PAST	Once again , I acted like a douche so she had to make the decision to stop because I couldn 't .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened with what looked like laughter , and then he pulled his phone from his pocket .
tr	PRES	" This man brings color to your cheeks and a smile to your eyes and you said nothing ? "
tr	PAST	Dagmar adjusted her spectacles .
tr	PRES	Not now , when the rigid control I keep on myself seems as nebulous as the security it brings me .
tr	PRES	She sighs and then tunes the radio , just in time to hear a crowd cheer from wherever the station is broadcasting .
tr	PRES	" What accidents ? "
tr	PAST	Thor sensed right away that there was great danger .
tr	PRES	" That I would stay like this with you always , if I could , " he replied , his smile fading a bit .
tr	PRES	She talks about them as if she 's never really had friends before , at least not that many .
tr	PAST	Some pieces shattered windows and went flying into the street .
tr	PAST	She attempted to sound cool .
tr	PAST	Ian gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	The bag smacked hard against the machine with a sound between a car backfiring and a gunshot .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Silence stole her breath .
tr	PRES	" Bonus points to whoever finds the towels . "
tr	PRES	Instead of bowing to return the courtesy , Ervin brings his trident to attention .
tr	PAST	" For services rendered . "
tr	PRES	She hates him and that is impossible , too .
tr	PRES	" What about Regin ? "
tr	PRES	" Jonas ... " " Jesus .
tr	PAST	" Drink , my love , " she urged .
tr	PRES	' You too mum ! '
tr	PAST	Tara scooted into the car , and he followed but not closely .
tr	PAST	Nick flicked at the vial with his middle finger , like it was a test tube in chemistry class .
tr	PAST	Just thinking the word triggered another flashback , but this one was complete with rolling credits .
tr	PRES	" To see Borden . "
tr	PAST	He lingered for a moment and then followed her , finding her standing before a medium-size oak desk .
tr	PAST	He piled the bedding on top of the table and arranged it to provide some support for the rifle .
tr	PAST	The people cheered and ran to the barred windows for a look outside .
tr	PAST	He ruined everyone 's life , even his own , by doing things he 's been told over and over again not to .
tr	PRES	He deserves better than that .
tr	PAST	I phrased it as a question but didn 't really mean it that way .
tr	PAST	Because it also meant that Michelle had lied to me too .
tr	PAST	That 's what I want to know -- they should be hanged , " Jessica joked .
tr	PRES	The bounty hunter glances back at me .
tr	PAST	Ester motioned for us to step forward .
tr	PRES	That explains the funky smell on you , too .
tr	PAST	The voice matched the movement on screen perfectly .
tr	PRES	My hair falls out of its neat bun and strands of it stick against my face .
tr	PRES	The man 's appearance strikes me as familiar and I quickly realize what it is .
tr	PAST	I leap out of bed but am not fast enough to beat my mother , who was in the living room watching television .
tr	PRES	The greatest treasures of life belong to orphan and royalty alike . "
tr	PRES	He input a final piece of code and there was a popping sound .
tr	PAST	But a swiftness seized him .
tr	PAST	I crawled lower into the bed .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and grab his biceps , pretending to hold him down .
tr	PAST	Grant exhaled and then changed tactics .
tr	PRES	" One of the beads .
tr	PAST	Faye lied to her best friend and surprisingly it came super easy .
tr	PRES	I looked at Benji , my mouth gaping open .
tr	PRES	" No hints at all ?
tr	PAST	How they cheered when both pipers danced out of the town , with the rats racing along behind them .
tr	PRES	They 'll stay out of Bolivia for a while , I assume . "
tr	PAST	Sea oats rustled in the distance along with the gush and roar of the waves on the shore .
tr	PRES	For once not arguing , a small miracle in itself .
tr	PRES	" So they 're back together , " Lorena comments .
tr	PAST	Dan hopped out and crawled under the fence and began sneaking through the weeds with the two of us following close behind .
tr	PRES	She scoots off the ledge , dipping under the water then up again , fully awake .
tr	PAST	" Thoth designed these rooms .
tr	PAST	For the next few minutes , the car plunged into a somber silence .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetie .
tr	PRES	She obeyed , her uncertainty fading as a new wave of feeling took its place .
tr	PAST	Calling the pay phone required a great deal of patience .
tr	PRES	Good thing I had the talent of hemorrhaging triumphant lies out from my cranium .
tr	PRES	Yellow stars shone brilliantly amidst the red canvas .
tr	PRES	The lack of oxygen brings a fuzziness to the edge of my awareness .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " the girl mumbled unapologetically .
tr	PRES	Her usually cheerful , sparkling brown eyes were dull and empty and her spirit was broken .
tr	PRES	I want to see everything through your eyes , from the ballet to the theater , books to Broadway plays .
tr	PAST	My feet slowed as hatred flared .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry you had a long day , " she pet his arm .
tr	PAST	One morning I awoke to find him gone .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for your help , Shadow . "
tr	PAST	I cringed inwardly at my odd choice of words , which did make me sound a bit dumb .
tr	PRES	" I know it 's not easy , " he whispers , his breath warm as his lips touch my ear .
tr	PRES	He reaches for it , then winces and remains lying on his side .
tr	PRES	Like your friend Daphne . "
tr	PAST	He grunted as if in thought , cocking his head to one side like a bird .
tr	PRES	He kept his rifle barrel pointed in their direction , his finger still resting on the edge of the trigger guard , his voice strong and steady .
tr	PAST	Gray crouched , stunned .
tr	PRES	One hand clutches the back of my neck , while the other sweeps my hair to the side to expose my neck .
tr	PRES	Well , then Gael ... " Sara looked toward the door and thought that maybe she shouldn 't have used his name .
tr	PRES	They occur when the mind in question has placed itself , by some voluntary choice , however vague , under the control of some hostile organism .
tr	PAST	I quickly washed the blood off and no sooner after the water was off .
tr	PAST	Had you not brought it up , I would 've completely forgotten we even had sex , " she lied to him .
tr	PAST	She relaxed , her shoulders easing down as she leaned in , chin propped on her hand .
tr	PAST	The sun shone down , making a brilliant cross above my head , showing me the way out .
tr	PRES	" And Major ? "
tr	PAST	She eyed me suspiciously , but went under .
tr	PAST	Lucia flicked her an unreadable look .
tr	PAST	She skipped along the front walkway to the door and rang the doorbell .
tr	PRES	She hisses at me like I 'm crazy .
tr	PAST	Sergeant B. Miller exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" They 're quite awful , " Miriam stated .
tr	PRES	" I think so , " Cory mumbled .
tr	PRES	" And your father still collects coins ? "
tr	PAST	Emily plopped down on a couch with her sister again , daring to lean into Carolyn 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	He acted so much like an adult .
tr	PAST	I massaged my temple , trying to alleviate the tension headache I felt growing , but it was no use .
tr	PAST	He mumbled , " Morning , " into his coffee cup .
tr	PAST	Colton readjusted the blankets and brushed her hair back from her forehead .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Madam . "
tr	PRES	To this day , his people regard him as a hero . "
tr	PAST	Minho squinted in confusion , but seemed to pick up that something was off .
tr	PAST	" I shall be living well off of investments made once I have sold my share of the jewels , " Charlie lied nonchalantly .
tr	PAST	My stomach hollowed out as though I 'd jumped off a plane without a parachute .
tr	PAST	Tucker collected the others , paid Vadim , then herded everyone onto the other boat .
tr	PAST	Even as the thought was born , her fangs pricked her tongue .
tr	PAST	She reclined on her elbow and watched as he strode nak * d across the chamber to the pitcher and basin by the window .
tr	PRES	Grinding my teeth , I shove up from the chair .
tr	PRES	His cobalt optic spheres dart through me , and I know his words are true .
tr	PAST	A ball of energy glowed in her hand .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at her as she got in .
tr	PRES	Jax bursts in and butts her shoulder into Jen 's .
tr	PRES	" In teal ? "
tr	PRES	It said , Ashley Meadows .
tr	PAST	He swooped , drifted , and once almost gave a mouse a heart attack by stooping down on it suddenly before rocketing skyward again .
tr	PAST	Fast food wrappers flapped in the back seat next to the pillow where Geo had spent the last couple nights enjoying his new car .
tr	PAST	He touches his nose to mine .
tr	PRES	He loves to be the center of attention .
tr	PAST	The white sand of the empty beach glowed under the moonlight .
tr	PAST	Ignoring his hunger pangs , Jeremy plopped down in front of the TV to wait for his father .
tr	PRES	Derek 's grandmother clears her throat loudly .
tr	PRES	" Or neither of us , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	The Republic tries to kill me as a ten-year-old ; they experiment on me before I escape .
tr	PRES	You chew and digest utter humbug that the Kings weave to keep you under your control ! "
tr	PRES	He pushes up on his hands and looks down at me like I 'm clueless .
tr	PRES	" Are you guys ok ? "
tr	PAST	At eleven thirty , I received an email from Jennifer .
tr	PRES	" How awful . "
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	" Turns out he sent for information about Will and Bee last summer when they was here .
tr	PAST	Money , that was the big question , particularly how it compared to his other offers .
tr	PAST	The rushing air caressed Hannah 's hair and there was serenity about her rage , which simmered underneath the surface .
tr	PAST	Two others babbled about a leg .
tr	PRES	Everything good and pure and hopeful and loving in them passes through the veil into the house of our father .
tr	PAST	I 've lived a long life , " he playfully countered .
tr	PRES	" Listen , neither one of us likes the idea of terminating this pregnancy , but we have to look at it from all angles .
tr	PAST	Markman eyed the tube rider .
tr	PAST	" Not another word , " Howard chided , making a shooing motion with his hands .
tr	PAST	" And the Candor , for making you spill your life story for everyone to see ... they 're idiots too . "
tr	PAST	Inviting myself in , I plopped on her bed .
tr	PAST	" Stefan said we could come over again today , " Bonnie urged .
tr	PAST	The feeling washed over him with a joy the likes of which he 'd only known in one place ... Maggie 's arms .
tr	PAST	He eyed the clock .
tr	PRES	Chris Van Horn , a lead scientist , wraps up the briefing and asks for questions .
tr	PAST	I sensed the warmth that seemed to join us , but never anything more .
tr	PAST	Ravens and black crows circled overhead , calling and croaking to one another .
tr	PAST	' Green , ' he volunteered .
tr	PAST	The girl squealed , dancing to the side .
tr	PAST	Jarvis 's station mirrored Janice 's , so my back was to Janice 's customer 's back .
tr	PAST	" Hold on a second , " stated Benny .
tr	PAST	He too bore a look of mistrust .
tr	PRES	" Not now , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	No wonder she won all of her matches . "
tr	PRES	" You should be so lucky , " he mumbled beneath his breath .
tr	PAST	" Okay , well , after a time three distinct clans emerged .
tr	PRES	" Forget it , Fitch .
tr	PRES	' Du n no , maybe he wanted to borrow a cup of sugar .
tr	PRES	As if she were hiding some tiny , hairline crack .
tr	PAST	His fist clutched the fabric of her skirt .
tr	PRES	And the necklace ? "
tr	PAST	Alethea denied the truth to even herself for a moment , then caved as a grin spread across her face .
tr	PAST	They steered to the foothills staying always abreast of the treeline .
tr	PRES	Were you thanking me for commenting you ? "
tr	PAST	Even the color of their clothes matched , as if Madame Rossini had chosen them herself .
tr	PAST	Standing , Sara extended her hand .
tr	PAST	I retreated from my friend and took up a cautious position next to our carriage .
tr	PAST	The raspy echo of her voice caressed him .
tr	PAST	I awoke with a smile on my face .
tr	PRES	" But the vamps , they don 't get anything , ever .
tr	PRES	She slid into it , feet dangling , and felt a weird sense of relief wash over her .
tr	PRES	He glances as Gord .
tr	PRES	" He loves her that much . "
tr	PRES	" Hey , we 're not so far gone , and we can turn back any time , " Kim teased .
tr	PRES	Excited chatter buzzes around me as many of the passengers recognize who he is .
tr	PAST	His revolver coasted across the floor , into the hands of one of the looters .
tr	PAST	Her eyes alighted on a poster with a Ruskin quote on it .
tr	PAST	How I sobbed when Finnick revived Peeta .
tr	PRES	My sweet girl likes to be loud .
tr	PRES	Michael smiled , too , ruefully .
tr	PAST	Michael seized the opportunity to segue into the reason he 'd summoned her .
tr	PAST	Before his comment could even register in my mind , Lucas leaped upwards .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head and he kissed the tip of my nose .
tr	PRES	He deserves some happiness . "
tr	PAST	Yet you risked me telling the truth to the police .
tr	PAST	" He just caved ? "
tr	PAST	When you finally broke away , the anxiety still lingered .
tr	PRES	The mind plays tricks on you when you feel anxiety . "
tr	PRES	" Are you ok , hon ?
tr	PAST	she exclaimed as the pig kept on moving through the mud with her stuck to its broad back .
tr	PRES	' Financial services . '
tr	PRES	" As the love of my life , I fully disapprove of your bar habits .
tr	PAST	First one to the house wins , " he taunted .
tr	PRES	A few minutes later Radcliffe strides toward me , muttering into his radio .
tr	PAST	Or at least she prayed that was the reason .
tr	PRES	" How nice to meet you , ladies .
tr	PAST	A man exited the car .
tr	PAST	My old lady 's throwing penalty flags , " he joked , holding his glass up .
tr	PRES	Before he could answer , her tongue danced in a single caress .
tr	PRES	Instead , I crash straight into a rock solid chest .
tr	PAST	Oh , and by the way , I stole the trunk from them .
tr	PAST	Something about him slapped my memory .
tr	PAST	His words puzzled her .
tr	PRES	" As soon as I am in the air the stairs vanish .
tr	PRES	' Isn 't it wonderful , Carey ? '
tr	PRES	The primary care of young Harrison falls to the nanny .
tr	PRES	All lies , natch ' rly .
tr	PRES	Dark hair falls into his eyes .
tr	PAST	I squealed , rushing into the front of the store .
tr	PRES	The waning moon shone on his dark suit and caught the dark edge of the scar along his cheek .
tr	PRES	" And vice versa . "
tr	PRES	" Really beautiful , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	As she turned to her laptop , she stood transfixed her heart leaping , blood rushing to her head .
tr	PRES	Anyone as stupid as that deserves what they get .
tr	PRES	" And if I don 't give it to her , she begs me for it . "
tr	PRES	His gnarled , trembling hands untie a pouch at his waist and he extracts a big , misshapen brown lump .
tr	PRES	Before I reach the door , my phone buzzes .
tr	PAST	I hopped in , waved to a glaring Mr. Jacobs and headed toward Main .
tr	PRES	He lets out an arched whistle .
tr	PAST	He crouched in the brush .
tr	PRES	Stephan is sitting by her bedside , his glare freezes my blood .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , buddy , but you 'll just get in the way . "
tr	PRES	Consequently the old Constitution states that they can 't be citizens since they are not ' subject to the jurisdiction thereof ' .
tr	PAST	' No , ' she concurred .
tr	PRES	Mom stops talking and then waves her hand .
tr	PAST	" I 'll help you if you let me , " she crooned softly , as if coaxing a wild animal .
tr	PAST	He screwed his eyes up in the early light .
tr	PRES	If it 's OK with you , Fiona , " I add quickly .
tr	PRES	And part of me wishes that it would .
tr	PAST	Still , she barely slowed .
tr	PRES	I bury a sea of kisses in her neck before running my tongue down her chest in one smooth track .
tr	PAST	" Oh my god , " she exclaimed .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms over his head .
tr	PAST	Skin crawling , Julia scooted back and stood , shaking her head in revulsion .
tr	PRES	It holds us in complete contempt -- it called me meat .
tr	PRES	" It 's some kind of surveillance equipment , I assume .
tr	PRES	Then the sky opens up to us , a white tornado bleeding gray at the edges .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	In the center of the room stands a long rectangular oak table surrounded by tufted dark brown leather dining chairs .
tr	PRES	She sees that I am uncomfortable , and I couldn 't care less .
tr	PRES	Not one spider remains .
tr	PAST	I prayed and I pleaded with that fantasy in the sky for any mercy on me , but the answer was no !
tr	PRES	" What investment ? "
tr	PRES	He points to a purple van .
tr	PRES	" I 'll be right back , " she mutters as she runs from the room .
tr	PAST	Water sloshed over the side of the counter , splashing on the floor - scorching Marlon 's bare feet .
tr	PRES	Norman shone his flashlight down : the beam glowed through forty feet of darkness before it splashed on the lower hull .
tr	PRES	He uses one delicately gloved hand to brush bloody strands of my hair from my face , and then lifts my chin .
tr	PAST	Lily weaved a complex cat 's cradle of covalent bonds , infinitely linked in a gracefully rhythmic pattern .
tr	PAST	He collected my bags , then hooked my arm through his and led the way over to the taxi rank and parking areas .
tr	PAST	The look of concern on Ty 's handsome face spurred Zane to turn .
tr	PRES	" He carries a straight edge on him all the time and his name is Cutter .
tr	PAST	The lavish untamed hair denied any skilful styling by a fashionable hairdresser .
tr	PAST	The SUV rumbled closer , gravel popping under its wheels .
tr	PRES	He stands up and faces me .
tr	PRES	She holds my face , sniffing .
tr	PAST	My heart pounded , the rhythm sped by fear and trepidation and simple desire .
tr	PAST	I soaked my pillow with some hot tears of frustration and anger .
tr	PRES	" That changes some rules . "
tr	PAST	The drums swirled around me , goading and furious .
tr	PRES	At least for their first few kills , and then they pretty much ignore the internal signals and complete the job on their own . "
tr	PAST	I scrolled back up to the shots of Damien and I .
tr	PAST	The sunlight waned down to a persistent emerald twilight , while the fungi growing along the trunks seemed brighter .
tr	PRES	" The Lady Lillian belongs to herself , and no one else . "
tr	PAST	" Sorry , " he grunted , not sounding sorry at all .
tr	PRES	And he likes me , Hannah thought .
tr	PAST	She estimated that she should have only gained a few kilos , perhaps a bit more if she took the cup of tea into account .
tr	PAST	The words pierce me like an arrow through the skin .
tr	PRES	He glides the door of the taxi open , we hop in , and the cab driver shoots us an annoyed look .
tr	PRES	" Call Tony over right now , " Mrs. Quintanilla snaps .
tr	PRES	Brown wicker furniture with beige cushions that matched with the silk curtains .
tr	PRES	It explains why she is at her mother 's work instead of school on a Friday morning .
tr	PAST	" I think the blast killed about half of them , " J.L. reported .
tr	PAST	Dressed all in white , she bore a crown of laurel branches .
tr	PAST	" Come , darling , " Hank urged her .
tr	PAST	A swelling sensation invaded my heart and I 'd no idea what it was but it was a good hurt , a hurt that felt worthwhile .
tr	PRES	Wild creatures spy from tangled boughs above while a crone crouches behind a tree , beckoning , her gaunt arm a ragged branch .
tr	PAST	Rolling her eyes , she motioned to Fin .
tr	PAST	Then Jack carved this . "
tr	PAST	" A flight attendant I 've seen a few times . "
tr	PRES	' ' Enough . "
tr	PAST	Definitely not gastrointestinal related .
tr	PAST	She scribbled a note , leaving it under the windshield wipers .
tr	PAST	He crawled up my body , rubbing along me like a cat , and I moaned again , hooking my legs around his waist .
tr	PRES	The round diamond shone true to this day .
tr	PAST	" We feared the worst when word of the invaders arrived and there was no sign of you .
tr	PRES	He slides the tomatoes off the cutting board and into the pan , then places it on the stove .
tr	PAST	The grandparents split off between either side of Timothy , slamming productively into the first few wolves , denting their scooters and some wolf skulls .
tr	PRES	After that of course the dwarves begged his pardon .
tr	PAST	Her eyes drift to the tricked-out compass tattooed on the inside of my right arm .
tr	PAST	Hell , he designed half of the mechanisms in the towers .
tr	PAST	Because you 've got me hooked .
tr	PAST	" You 've already seen the movie , " Alice accused .
tr	PRES	" Who 's Angel ? " ? ? ? ?
tr	PAST	Amy exclaimed ; but it encouraged her to see Moses thinking about his sister 's welfare .
tr	PRES	My side of the car slams into a lamp post and my window shatters .
tr	PRES	" Rise , " Cal ordered , his voice an angry rumble .
tr	PAST	His fisted his hand against the compulsion to smooth his palm up her thigh .
tr	PAST	Tonight he was wearing baggy khakis and a white linen shirt unbuttoned halfway down his chest , revealing a deep V of smooth , hairless skin .
tr	PRES	No sense in setting off the smoke alarms .
tr	PRES	The idea of breaking into Mr. Mercer 's office freaked her out .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	As long as he had Nola , nothing else mattered .
tr	PAST	He blamed jetlag for his miserable mood , but the truth was he 'd been in a funk since he 'd left Rhode Island .
tr	PRES	" RIC twelve eight reporting on flank " .
tr	PAST	I even hacked the school records .
tr	PRES	When the elevator doors open , he sees a receptionist sitting at a large mahogany desk typing away at her computer .
tr	PRES	For drama , Dunleavy stands and stretches and paces to one end of the room , as if tortured and deep in thought .
tr	PRES	' Little investigation ? '
tr	PRES	A bubble of panic rises into my throat .
tr	PAST	Hudson announced our visitor and Sir Richard asked that Simon be shown into the drawing room .
tr	PRES	" Those the stills you wanted to show me ? "
tr	PAST	I crooned as I descended the steps .
tr	PRES	It mentions that famed photographer Cole Stevens is changing his last name .
tr	PAST	A curious feeling claimed him , a powerful lightness .
tr	PAST	Bob hauled a pair of cumbersome grocery bags up the front steps with abbreviated steps .
tr	PAST	The wind rushing around them stole away her lemony scent , but he knew he 'd smell it on him later .
tr	PRES	The light flashes red this time and another squiggly line appears .
tr	PRES	" He likes the research best , but he doesn 't mind the teaching .
tr	PRES	He holds the patch out .
tr	PAST	She thanked me three more times while I locked up .
tr	PAST	I acted on impulse sometimes , myself .
tr	PRES	It was less than five minutes before he came in , hair damp around his face , beads of water on his skin and dampening his shirt .
tr	PAST	Then one of the party flashed at the traveler and the party retreated .
tr	PRES	' And some Christmas crackers , not the cheap ones you get with a tiny plastic toy inside that you 'll never use or play with .
tr	PRES	He wraps his fingers tightly around my upper arm to stop me .
tr	PRES	Jacque begins to ask another question when his wife interrupts him .
tr	PRES	You 're in love , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Dax 's body lands on top of mine as we crash to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " he whispers against my neck as his arms encompass my waist .
tr	PAST	Case battled the deep instinct to run and prayed that God would keep his voice strong .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , not realizing I had been holding my breath .
tr	PRES	We sprawl about in the sun and talk .
tr	PRES	She ends her spin facing me , her eyes alight .
tr	PRES	My heart speeds up , and I grip my gun more tightly .
tr	PAST	Simon froze in place along with Cian .
tr	PAST	He pursued his point .
tr	PAST	And reason knew , he never acted like a royal .
tr	PRES	Down the hall he stalked .
tr	PAST	The same feeling washed over me like a tidal wave .
tr	PRES	" Turns shadows into monsters .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 Raining Wizards The future is not wrought in stone , but flows in water .
tr	PAST	She rinsed the dishes , put them in the dishwasher , and wiped down the already clean counter .
tr	PAST	He cringed inwardly , but placed a nice smile on his face and thanked her as he walked toward the elevator door .
tr	PRES	Dean enters the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Your fans await . "
tr	PAST	... then the cab tipped , crashing on its side before continuing a sickening flip with unnatural speed until it smashed against walls of power .
tr	PRES	She sees a man in a black suit , who doesn 't look like a member of the press .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat , and when he looks back at me , his eyes are hooded and his gaze drops briefly to my mouth .
tr	PAST	They bore weapons , but no uniforms .
tr	PRES	Trystan holds her arm and grins .
tr	PRES	She enters the stairwell and begins her trek back to the house .
tr	PAST	I eyed Harper , my jaw clenching , making the muscles in them flex .
tr	PAST	" I 've changed my mind , " she announced .
tr	PAST	She doubted Noah would be coming to dinner on Saturday .
tr	PAST	Jonas exhaled a deep sigh and walked slowly to the bed .
tr	PRES	Probably all the plays they acted were serious things , long on piety but short on humour , so concerned with respect that realism was lost .
tr	PAST	They stomped and turned along with everyone else .
tr	PAST	He didn 't have time to consider the Monster Council 's view of his actions , Gordon fled without hesitation .
tr	PAST	A slight smile curved his lips .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the ceiling . '
tr	PRES	Even the slightest halting in his expression , a gleam of scorn in his eyes ... He gave me a light shake .
tr	PRES	" Not if I can help it , but you know she freezes me out sometimes . "
tr	PRES	" I belong in this place . "
tr	PRES	" We await your command , Miss Drews .
tr	PRES	Something occurs to me as Asher opens the front door .
tr	PRES	I mumbled a curse .
tr	PAST	A handmade poster urged everyone to contribute to the " Hanna Fund . "
tr	PAST	He motioned for two of his men to stay at the door .
tr	PAST	" Here we are , " he stated after a moment .
tr	PRES	He occasionally glances down toward the prisoners standing in the chamber 's circle .
tr	PRES	And when Christ quotes that commandment He uses the murder one in all three accounts , Matthew , Mark , and Luke .
tr	PAST	He tugged hard , ripping something deep inside of me .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I add softly , as I look up at him .
tr	PAST	One topic that can 't bore you , you . "
tr	PAST	' I can 't , ' sniffed Dexter .
tr	PRES	" I really hate all this secrecy as if we 're doing something wrong , " he states , frustrated .
tr	PRES	Finally , she stands and wipes away her tears , smiles at me for a long , long moment , and then she turns and leaves .
tr	PRES	A twisted satisfaction stretches over me .
tr	PRES	Scott stares at her blankly .
tr	PRES	Thirty pieces of silver , eh ? "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , feeling as if her heart were being squeezed with a ruthless force .
tr	PAST	" Shay , it is I " he rumbled .
tr	PAST	Taking me in his arms , Sean presses his hard body against mine .
tr	PAST	Grabbing her purse , she hopped out and hurried into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Don 't they teach you Special Forces men tricks like that ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted the house itself was wired .
tr	PRES	" She loves me .
tr	PRES	' ' To the other survivors ! "
tr	PRES	The man throws the dynamite into the tunnel and we all hastily retreat .
tr	PRES	She then opens the backdoor and disappears into the sunlight .
tr	PRES	" That girl 's father almost ruined this family , Silas !
tr	PAST	Megan chided herself , exasperated .
tr	PAST	" Grandma , Grandma , " Annie hollered .
tr	PAST	She brightened , " then let me go with you .
tr	PRES	Leon paces the room , holding his hands in front of him .
tr	PRES	" What an idiot ... " Jane and David glanced his way .
tr	PRES	I did say that , " Maddie mumbled .
tr	PAST	He simply attempted to prepare himself to meet the fact bravely , whatever it might turn out to be .
tr	PRES	" Yet they celebrate him . "
tr	PAST	They flagged Josh down and pulled off the narrow driveway .
tr	PAST	Twitch urged in the darkness .
tr	PRES	He stares back sporting a full metal jacket in his mouth .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered for a minute on the curve of her neck leading down to her lacy white nightgown , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	I lean forward toward the ground .
tr	PAST	I steered the truck into the airlock , pressed the button and waited for it to do its thing .
tr	PAST	She hopped up three cement stairs and twisted the knob on the old warehouse door , but it was locked .
tr	PRES	" Kill ... devote my life to just killing vampires ... it 's not like I thought it would be . "
tr	PAST	The long hair was perfect , not a strand out of place .
tr	PAST	Mab 's command floated through the air .
tr	PRES	Witches boil the animals and pluck out their eyeballs for potions . "
tr	PRES	" Like , unreal . "
tr	PAST	And with those words , we exit the end of a very long journey , straight into another .
tr	PAST	He thanked the priest , Rolf and his knights , then led her out of the chapel and up the stairs to his bedchamber .
tr	PAST	A hand snaked around her throat and clasped over her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Poor Mrs. Pritchett , " murmurs Rosemary .
tr	PAST	She rummaged in a kitchen drawer and pulled out a front door key with a large paper label attached to it .
tr	PAST	Angie 's face crumpled at that .
tr	PRES	My question shocks him .
tr	PAST	Not messed up . "
tr	PRES	All her life , Charlotte had been on the outside looking in , yearning for that special bond .
tr	PAST	At what you created .
tr	PRES	" Nolan , " she whispers , sounding unsure .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the thought but I had to say that I was feeling less and less sorry for the " good doctor . "
tr	PRES	At this moment , Serena sees her species only chance for survival .
tr	PRES	Nothing mattered here , in this place with its marble hallways and learned men walking the halls .
tr	PRES	" Len always likes girls with a temper . "
tr	PAST	Since her arrival the day before she 'd toured the formal gardens with Mr. Pendleton and later walked down to the estate 's private beach .
tr	PRES	Tears threaten the corners of my eyes , but I haven 't cried in over a year and I refuse to break down .
tr	PAST	" I just stated the facts .
tr	PAST	They motioned for me to move within six feet of the edge .
tr	PAST	A stone bounced off the floor and knocked him down .
tr	PRES	" Seven Mile Beach ! "
tr	PRES	' Oh , stop it , Lucy ! '
tr	PRES	" You 'll be fine , " Realm whispers , widening his eyes as if asking me not to reveal what he just told me .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " he mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	Terri clutched at Spike 's arm .
tr	PRES	Mount Mary shone like a mystical rose in the red light of the sunset .
tr	PAST	The man stomped on Larry 's chest , pressing him against the ground .
tr	PRES	He tries again this time I let him thinking of sleep .
tr	PRES	Turns out that Marcus has been giving Denise sensitive information when he shouldn 't have , asking her to keep it to herself .
tr	PRES	He sees me and nods .
tr	PRES	" Because it looks good on a college application . "
tr	PRES	He pushes his fingers through his hair .
tr	PAST	He stares out the cloudy window , watching the vacant highway .
tr	PRES	And like a cannon shot , Jacob suddenly bursts from behind the altar and launches himself onto the killer 's back , kicking and screaming and punching .
tr	PAST	And you just proved it . "
tr	PRES	A few minutes later Rex and Knox walk out , Knox stops to shut and lock the door while Rex climbs into the other cab .
tr	PAST	Noah 's stomach churned .
tr	PRES	Nita carries the vial to the microscope .
tr	PAST	They giggled as they hugged , too overcome with jubilation to formulate words .
tr	PAST	" Guilty as charged . "
tr	PRES	And sometimes even scary .
tr	PAST	We all joked around and complained about the coursework that we had to complete before the Thanksgiving holiday .
tr	PAST	The rapid beat of their pulses triggered a strange response in her .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we should just go around them , " mumbled Nathan uncertain .
tr	PRES	Lennox eyes slice at me .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as he handed me a glass of chilled champagne .
tr	PRES	I lean into him , putting my hand over his heart and wishing I could care about him in the same way .
tr	PAST	" Come make me , " Connor taunted .
tr	PAST	When he finished the last page , he collected the rest of the scene from the cushion beside himself and began to straighten the pages .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open at the thought .
tr	PRES	She carries your unborn child inside her .
tr	PRES	" I du n no , you should talk to him . "
tr	PRES	All sweaty and manly .
tr	PRES	" In the Mountain City Public Library .
tr	PAST	She flicked some switches in the dash and directed the heat vents toward me except they weren 't blowing heat yet and the air was icy cold .
tr	PAST	The man remained standing , his cane cocked at an angle as he braced himself against the force that hit him .
tr	PRES	" Jerry is going to be heartbroken , " she murmurs .
tr	PRES	A frown immediately reclaimed his lips .
tr	PRES	I - " " Enough ! "
tr	PAST	Pammy hopped off the counter and moved back to the fridge .
tr	PRES	Dawn refuses to spend the money on an alarm system .
tr	PRES	With a sudden boom , the display begins .
tr	PRES	Lexie stands in front of the outside door , beaming .
tr	PAST	Heath and Teddy worshipped her .
tr	PAST	he zipped it up for me .
tr	PAST	She motioned to me to sit in an armchair then perched on a sofa a little way from me .
tr	PAST	Jason sought to reassure her .
tr	PAST	He quickly washed his face and got dressed , then left his small room to eat some of the scraps in the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" You 're really pushing it today , " Rift sighs , hiding a smile when his comment provokes an uncontrollable giggle from his companion .
tr	PRES	" There any doctors here ? "
tr	PAST	Walter produced only the finest ; still he never would have selected it .
tr	PRES	I apologise for my behaviour then .
tr	PRES	Dirk still stands , tossing both his arms , winking at Rita .
tr	PAST	Marcus squinted at her with uncertainty covering his face .
tr	PAST	Or , rather , he trusted his own knowledge of people enough to trust his assessment of Clubs .
tr	PRES	" Then get some , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	" Miss McKenna ? "
tr	PRES	" Holy Hades , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Nacho 's and French fries . "
tr	PAST	I estimated him to be in his early sixties .
tr	PAST	It not only cost us the wagon and horses , it cost us our meager possessions , food , and shoes as well .
tr	PRES	The bell rings as the last few stragglers file in .
tr	PRES	Sweat drips from my lip into the bag sitting on my lap .
tr	PRES	" Thou frightened me , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	She offers one more uninterested look and then goes back to enjoying the view of the courtyard instead .
tr	PRES	" His male appendage ? "
tr	PRES	He glares at me .
tr	PRES	" Aye ... Nae mercy f ' th ' weak . "
tr	PAST	Unseen in front of her Zero bravely battled the twin terrors .
tr	PRES	She slides her body onto mine .
tr	PRES	But it explains a lot . "
tr	PRES	Evelyn stops in the middle of whatever sentence she was speaking .
tr	PRES	" Nice manners , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	" You sell yourself short , bro . "
tr	PAST	" Close your eyes , " he instructed again , probably at a normal volume , but it was hushed for me .
tr	PRES	No , no , no , she begged .
tr	PAST	I soaked up the scene for a couple minutes , then heard a knock at the door .
tr	PRES	" Chess humor ? "
tr	PRES	I pierce my lips as the solution burns against the open skin before feeling bandages being placed over the areas .
tr	PAST	He leaned back against the bar and pulled me with him so I was on my toes , my body flattened against his .
tr	PRES	Danny stands like a hydrant and looks over his list .
tr	PAST	Just proved how wrong he could be .
tr	PRES	Jackson reaches for the unit , but I clutch it to my chest .
tr	PAST	They ranged from small to gargantuan .
tr	PRES	My blinking slows , making Asa appear and disappear in longer intervals .
tr	PAST	She exhaled a trembling breath .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a middle-aged man sporting scrubs sitting in the front-row pew .
tr	PAST	The general smacked her with the muzzle of his gun .
tr	PRES	The two exchange words and Ben points toward me .
tr	PRES	" Mason Academy . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't get me wrong , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , don 't scratch up my wrists , please . "
tr	PAST	When you shifted , your body glowed .
tr	PRES	Red brings up his rifle and growls .
tr	PAST	Like everyone else in his life , I lied to him and used his insecurity against him so that he faltered and defeated himself .
tr	PAST	Certainly nothing on the scale required for such an effort . "
tr	PAST	They generated extra income for the bar , but Murdoch had rented mostly to employees at a ridiculously low rate .
tr	PRES	' Once he 's been here a few weeks and got settled in I 'll kind of ... hint that you 're here , all right ?
tr	PAST	I dumped them into the sink and started the water .
tr	PAST	Day , unit of time , allotted linearity , normal extent of existence - you hang this ? "
tr	PAST	The few trees that surrounded the area wavered in the light winds but didn 't bring a single sound with them .
tr	PAST	Anxiety , hers and several others in the house , assaulted her system and made her shake .
tr	PRES	" Good evening , " I muster .
tr	PRES	I styled my hair half way up .
tr	PRES	" Since you obviously stopped caring about yourself . "
tr	PAST	the judge announced , and again the audience clapped , with Electra being the most excited and enthusiastic .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you have school or something to go to Maria , " I hiss back at her .
tr	PAST	You were never a convenience , ' he denied emphatically .
tr	PAST	one of the soldiers claimed .
tr	PAST	The man named Millie mused .
tr	PAST	Jas untied the flap on top and opened the bag .
tr	PAST	The lights inside the control room fizzled and detonated .
tr	PRES	" Don 't leave me , " I wail .
tr	PAST	Dan stomped over to the kitchen and banged his fists loudly on the table .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	I scampered over the cramped encampment , hopping from foot to foot to avoid stepping on those slumbering .
tr	PRES	" Please , don ' do this to her , " Marcie begged .
tr	PRES	The car crash that had killed him .
tr	PAST	She approached , arms outstretched and grasping .
tr	PRES	Each poacher sees the doubt in their comrades ' eyes and , one by one , each begins to throw down his rifle .
tr	PAST	He tipped the ney closer to my body so that it was almost vertical against my chest .
tr	PRES	As he tries to navigate the gun into position , Gord , still clutching on to his newly broken wrist begins to kick him furiously .
tr	PRES	Please , Zelda , " he concludes , his muscles relaxing as he was determined to express the sentiment before he is no longer able .
tr	PRES	Lennox presses his lips together .
tr	PRES	Prewitt presses his arm .
tr	PAST	He purified the water , divided it , and took Rand 's share back up the side of the dune .
tr	PAST	He even supported Aria applying to the Rhode Island School of Design instead of to Duke , where he 'd already gotten a lacrosse scholarship .
tr	PRES	Chapter Five Nora As I change out of my bathing suit and into a sundress , I ponder the look on Brand 's face .
tr	PRES	Instead of responding , Roger lays me down on the floor , backing away .
tr	PRES	" Your father uses him on a regular basis . "
tr	PRES	Lies , lies , lies .
tr	PRES	Adel glances back for a second before he flings the door open and races out of the room .
tr	PAST	Then , almost casually , he withdrew a knife .
tr	PRES	" Let the insanity commence , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	' The perfect accompaniment to sausages . '
tr	PAST	But why hadn 't the security robots prevented this disaster ?
tr	PRES	" How thoroughly modern . "
tr	PRES	He loves kids , puppies , feeds the birds , kills people .
tr	PRES	Fear crawls up my throat , and I have my first convulsion as I try not to breathe in water .
tr	PAST	Jared pretended to be offended .
tr	PRES	Ty frowns and stuffs his hands in his pockets .
tr	PAST	The modern era complicated their hunting tactics .
tr	PAST	Mage glided closer to me .
tr	PAST	We saluted to those who 'd gathered to see us off , then faced down the tunnels and set off .
tr	PRES	I called back , my voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	She innocently cleaned the glass top of his desk and then his bookcase , marveling at the items on the shelves .
tr	PRES	Still , my pulse pounds through my veins as I scramble to obey .
tr	PRES	She then grasps the outer sides of her short pink skirt , with both hands , and pushes toward her knees .
tr	PRES	" Grady , " he answered , voice still hoarse .
tr	PAST	" I 'll just go and apologize to her right now , " Tristan announced .
tr	PAST	Easily replaced , easily forgotten .
tr	PRES	Placing his chubby fingers on the stone , he , too , said , " Bye Mama . "
tr	PAST	I proceeded to put my boots on .
tr	PAST	I thanked Aidan for the lift and headed inside to collect my bag .
tr	PRES	" Wet T-shirt contest ? "
tr	PRES	My mouth plays at the sound of my own words from someone else 's lips .
tr	PRES	It helps if you have some sense of a draft , or a breeze , some idea of which way ilie wraith is traveling .
tr	PAST	As she watched in mute shock , they plunged into the brush on the opposite side and kept going without even acknowledging her .
tr	PRES	" So she 's doing field research , " I conclude .
tr	PAST	The huts , the neater cottages , and stately houses engaged my admiration by turns .
tr	PRES	Sho ' ful landing for the first time ever .
tr	PRES	" A little ambrosia from the Gods ' own table . "
tr	PRES	On cue , the door opens and two handlers come in , talking in hushed voices .
tr	PRES	" Maybe I confused you when I was repeating the problems , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	She collected up the cookies and stood to face him .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later she emerged with Mr. McKinney , who escorted her to the helicopter .
tr	PRES	" This is completely cool , " he whispers into my ear as he passes .
tr	PRES	The fingers of his free hand wrap around my ankle , just as I push the pin .
tr	PRES	My overactive mind lurches into action and I start digging around my imagination for a solution to the questions .
tr	PAST	His open mouth nuzzled against her throat .
tr	PAST	I sensed another being in the area .
tr	PRES	Hopefully attract a lady friend , but appear devilishly indifferent to all inquires , at least at first . "
tr	PRES	As the group gathered , she said , " We 're sure this little boy wasn 't ... well ... " " Taken ? "
tr	PRES	He likes to be in control and that means staying sober . "
tr	PAST	He dismissed all that with a wave of his hand .
tr	PAST	exclaimed Christine , delighted beyond words .
tr	PRES	" We ain 't waitin ' three hours , " he mumbled , and started the engine .
tr	PRES	" Which cities ? "
tr	PRES	So the only question remains : Where does he strike that match ?
tr	PRES	The vehicle lands by the first one .
tr	PAST	" Lunch is served , " I announced as I carried our two plates into the living room .
tr	PAST	" So I prayed that she 's happy and safe . "
tr	PRES	" And to you too , Vanessa . "
tr	PAST	Or you roamed the twilight realm with the pale ghosts ; thinking you were alive when you were really dead .
tr	PAST	Putting the Jeep in gear , we proceeded slowly and arrived at a large opening in the surrounding forest .
tr	PRES	Henderson chuckles and keeps working on the fire .
tr	PAST	I acted like an idiot but it was just because this is our kid .
tr	PAST	Then the joy fled from his face .
tr	PRES	" I befriended William not to hurt him , but to help him . "
tr	PRES	She slams the club into the leg then the bear disappears .
tr	PRES	She slides into the chair by my bed , graceful and elegant .
tr	PAST	He unzipped the back of her dress and lowered it , exposing both her breasts to his eager mouth .
tr	PAST	She emerged wearing shiny red flats and a short-sleeved blue dress that fell just below the knee .
tr	PAST	I slap a heavy hand over the floor and push myself up .
tr	PRES	He rises to his feet , towering over me .
tr	PAST	Gansey seized the opportunity to propel Ronan about five feet away .
tr	PAST	As the jobs disappeared , more people fled Detroit .
tr	PAST	Buildings everywhere , each a sea of windows , topped by open roofs .
tr	PRES	' One hears things . '
tr	PAST	Blue clutched her backpack straps .
tr	PRES	The marble halls shone like mirrors along inner gardens where elderly Germans strolled , holding cups of mineral water .
tr	PRES	" The flight changes at Singapore .
tr	PAST	Pushing the covers to my waist , he urged me onto my back before propping his face on his hand and continuing his perusal .
tr	PRES	" I quit , " she said , first calmly , but then she screamed it .
tr	PRES	She deserves to fall on her face a few times . "
tr	PAST	His heart skipped at the chance he had been given .
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PRES	Please , " Amanda begged .
tr	PRES	He stares into me .
tr	PAST	Nikki tipped her chin up to catch the wind and feel its cool relief .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , smiling , staring at the snow .
tr	PAST	I crawled out of bed , cringing when the bright , early morning sun struck my face the second I walked into the hall .
tr	PRES	" Why so glum ? "
tr	PAST	" Apparently you have a short memory , " she chided , then smiled weakly in his direction .
tr	PRES	Sliding in , he slides a little too close next to me .
tr	PAST	The patrol officer extracted his prisoner 's wallet .
tr	PRES	Sudden insight washes over me .
tr	PRES	" Actually , scratch that , I could eat an entire restaurant full of food . "
tr	PRES	" Wow , that explains so much . "
tr	PRES	" How about Grady ?
tr	PRES	Android 66 reaches for the powerful ark as he too falls to the floor then another punch while he ´ s on the floor .
tr	PRES	She stops dead in her tracks .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed that I could part her Darkness from her side . "
tr	PRES	With confidence , sensing a panicked and trapped prey .
tr	PRES	" I think you 're wrong , " I disagree .
tr	PRES	She drifts her gaze over my features , and her lips part slowly .
tr	PAST	His very physical energy swirled around me , growing vigorously with each second .
tr	PRES	But he loves to hold that over me .
tr	PRES	" Frau Roth ? "
tr	PAST	Ren 's sight dimmed as that one word took him back to the distant past .
tr	PRES	And he sees her .
tr	PAST	He untied a small canoe and crawled in as quietly as he could and paddled his way upriver to the next bayou .
tr	PAST	Everything slowed down and the air halted in my lungs .
tr	PRES	The low rumble from the cabin amplified tenfold .
tr	PAST	Screw Don Jarrod in particular for creating this hell for the two of them .
tr	PAST	The planks rapidly unzipped as great holes tore their way through the hull .
tr	PAST	She flapped it open and spread it out in the snow .
tr	PRES	He gazes at me with a mysterious twinkle in his eye .
tr	PRES	He reaches forward to turn the ignition on .
tr	PRES	And find out about the other subs . '
tr	PRES	' But she was quite ... polite .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something quietly in Spanish to his comrade and they lifted their rifles to their chest .
tr	PAST	She sniffed again , turning back to the mirror .
tr	PRES	He tries to stand up with me positioned on his lap , but he 's weak and his legs falter .
tr	PRES	She holds her hand up in protest , but then seems to change her mind , dropping it back in her lap .
tr	PRES	We fold him into the house and Gabe shuts the door because I forget to in my sudden glee .
tr	PRES	I swing the door to the store open , and nearly run over her as she stands in awe just over the threshold .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hands , his fingers still hanging onto his helmet .
tr	PAST	He opened the door and stepped in , his face troubled .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , thinking changes things .
tr	PRES	" Oh , please spare me .
tr	PAST	When he saw her , he panicked and swiped at her with his claw .
tr	PAST	On screen , Agnes received a phone call .
tr	PAST	" Like a good friendship , " Lacy countered .
tr	PRES	" Are you dating that kid from La Push ?
tr	PAST	Suzy elbowed him in the ribs and grabbed his last piece of bacon , laughing at his protests .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	" Well , that 's not Dex , " I mumbled to myself and Frankie laughed .
tr	PAST	He flung his head back and groaned .
tr	PRES	Her bottom lip puffs up as she looks down and centers her Selah campaign button .
tr	PAST	I ain 't goin ' for that , " George countered .
tr	PAST	Eve leaped up , tripped over a random bag , and went down with a yelp that turned into a howl .
tr	PAST	They claimed to desire worship and adoration , freedom from death and destruction .
tr	PAST	I stormed past him and to the stairwell .
tr	PAST	Then realizing what he had done , his face froze in alarm .
tr	PRES	But then her face softens as she can 't hold an angry emotion for more than a few seconds at most .
tr	PRES	I snap the lead sharply and press the iron into Corr 's chest , before he can call .
tr	PRES	Nihil points his arm towards the exit and crosses the threshold .
tr	PRES	" Darcy , " she whispered dryly , her head spinning .
tr	PAST	" You tell me where he is , " Aggie shrieked and would have grabbed for the boy if Jo hadn 't stepped in front of her .
tr	PAST	Paige tensed in Drake 's arms because she knew what that sound meant .
tr	PRES	He presses a gloved finger against Raffaele 's chest .
tr	PAST	" But not continually , " she countered .
tr	PRES	So lets talk about that .
tr	PRES	But then Lacey slides one of the cupcakes toward me .
tr	PRES	He scoots one of the trays of food toward the empty spot in front of me .
tr	PAST	Her skin absorbed oxygen from the water and exchanged it for carbon dioxide waste in her blood .
tr	PAST	And then her frown deepened .
tr	PAST	And then , invite him to your party . "
tr	PAST	She shuffled the cards .
tr	PRES	Can you repair it while I attend to the spleen ? "
tr	PRES	It all fits together .
tr	PRES	Shouts Bjorn seizing Kol 's hands forcefully .
tr	PAST	She crouched down at his side and rubbed his little head .
tr	PRES	" And a strange sort of ringing in my ears . "
tr	PRES	" Because , as my dad keeps telling me , I don 't have no chance on that fag swim team now that my leg 's broke .
tr	PAST	Her voice boomed catching Tom off guard .
tr	PRES	Behind them stands a fence made out of tall wooden spikes bleached to the color of old bones .
tr	PAST	The guard across from me scoffed as I grinned .
tr	PAST	The top unfolded to the left and each side slowly peeled away and laid flat .
tr	PAST	' Oh I bet you 'd love to take your chance to become some sort of superhero , ' scoffed Billy .
tr	PAST	My hands balled into fists , " That 's what you are supposed to do ! "
tr	PRES	" Yea Saga 's special ability allows him to bend shadows .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could tell you , " she sighs , shaking her head as she continues to run her fingers through his dirty hair .
tr	PAST	Got any more balls jokes ? "
tr	PAST	He motioned ahead , leaned down to whisper .
tr	PAST	She wriggled out from under the bed and straightened , taking the time to set her clothes right .
tr	PRES	And so what if it did stir the pot tonight !
tr	PAST	" He never treated me like that . "
tr	PAST	Emma mentally replayed all the times they had been together , getting sicker by the minute .
tr	PAST	" Your lawyers screwed up and should 've thought about it .
tr	PRES	" It bothers me to be in your debt . "
tr	PAST	By the time I was eight , I begged my parents to constantly play football with me so I could practice my perfect spiral .
tr	PAST	Several posters of bikini-clad women holding large guns adorned the other walls .
tr	PAST	Because I intruded ? "
tr	PRES	Glass enclosed the shower and the nickel-plated accessories shone as if they were brand new .
tr	PRES	He tries to fight for justice and gets put in prison when the guy who killed his son doesn 't .
tr	PAST	Ari 's steps faltered as Rafe mouthed I love you to her when she was still several feet away .
tr	PAST	As the evening wore down André cheerily thanked the man for the company and went to his bunk .
tr	PAST	Once she was done eating , she tidied everything away and went to her office upstairs to check her e-mail and her Facebook page .
tr	PAST	I doubted anyone would have thought to put a bug on this particular phone , and Edward always had his own lines meticulously swept for listening devices .
tr	PAST	A well executed hex if I do say so myself .
tr	PAST	I crawled back up on the seat as Corporal Lance drove us over the uneven road .
tr	PAST	one of the passengers abruptly inquired of the good-looking man of importance .
tr	PAST	Four arched windows on each storey matched the ornate exterior of the structure .
tr	PAST	I countered , raising my brows .
tr	PRES	" Some of the hos on Stockton Boulevard . "
tr	PAST	Still laughing he retreated out of the house .
tr	PRES	He glances down at the blood on his knuckles and then looks back at me .
tr	PRES	and the whole thing fades away before I 'm done . "
tr	PAST	Together our skin bore such a striking contrast , the smooth , flawless flesh that spoke of her innocence wrapped up in the horror marking mine .
tr	PAST	Then , quite unceremoniously , it hopped off the window ledge and disappeared into the coarse grass .
tr	PAST	Lloyd sobered up immediately .
tr	PRES	She was standing behind the low-slung slatted fence , her feet ankle to ankle , her small , pale hands at her sides .
tr	PRES	She draws a pattern across my stomach and then up to my chest .
tr	PRES	No human neighbors to wonder why there 's Shifters all over your place .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something that sounded like the word ' contract ' but then said clearly , " I 'm sorry , Dustin .
tr	PAST	His mouth found her breast , the feeling so exquisite she heard herself moan softly .
tr	PAST	Angie proceeded with the utmost caution .
tr	PRES	" I guess , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	And now , you arrive here with one of their chiefs ?
tr	PAST	" I never thought I 'd see the day when you would be force feeding me , " Alec joked .
tr	PRES	" I need to be alone for a little while , " she murmurs , her gaze on the floor , and walks unsteadily toward the stairs .
tr	PRES	Gage pops up beside me and wraps his arm around my waist .
tr	PRES	Our knowledge allows us to feed a world population that grows at an alarming rate .
tr	PAST	Mr. Deville collapsed into the booth , chest heaving .
tr	PRES	Boone just stares at me .
tr	PAST	The girls slowed back to a regular pace as the green trailer came into view .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , my eyes opening as wide as saucers as I searched for the owner of the voice .
tr	PRES	Her eyes stung and became red around the sides .
tr	PRES	Elliott stops before a wrought-iron gate .
tr	PRES	It maps the voyage of our past , our genetic past , which helps us to plot a true course for our future .
tr	PRES	Aiden 's voice rises over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Okay , but you ' l tel us when you see a ghost hanging around ? "
tr	PAST	I stole a quick look at her .
tr	PAST	" Let 's have the dinner , " he proposed .
tr	PAST	The wings unfolded instantly from somewhere inside Elena .
tr	PAST	It finally ceased and he took a deep breath then sat shaking on a seat in the centre of the chamber .
tr	PAST	Geoffrey proved to the bastard that he was a true de Montfort .
tr	PAST	Trenton itched the tip of his nose with the back of his hand , and nodded .
tr	PRES	He winks at me , and even though I know he 's kidding my heart skips a beat .
tr	PRES	A new personal best Leo ! "
tr	PRES	" You and Aden dating ? "
tr	PAST	Finally , Nadia tugged his arm .
tr	PAST	Her gaze flicked a fraction but still didn 't come to rest on him as he prayed it would .
tr	PAST	I eyed the employees , searching for Eddie 's kind face .
tr	PAST	I rinsed out the suds , watching her face as I did so .
tr	PAST	He tipped his top hat to her and she waved back .
tr	PRES	Hours later , the sun goes in , the clouds become dark and threatening , the light begins to leave the land .
tr	PAST	Brittany collapsed to sit on the edge of the garden tub , blinking back tears .
tr	PAST	Her ears pricked for any sounds of Sebastian , but the house remained silent .
tr	PRES	Light bursts into the sky and we start into the maze .
tr	PRES	" I weary of this .
tr	PRES	" I 've been in more promising situations , " Shark mutters wryly .
tr	PAST	" So ... spill it , " I commanded of Avalon , giving him a sideways glance before reaching for some more grapes .
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	Because it did matter , her opinion mattered .
tr	PRES	Bile rises in my throat , and I fight nausea .
tr	PAST	Thibault donned the rain suit and a pair of boots , then pushed open the screen door .
tr	PAST	" It was a legitimate question , " I countered .
tr	PRES	I assume he now knows about you , Anita and his roommate as well . "
tr	PAST	Whitlock announced their return and went back to her position by the door .
tr	PAST	I doubted she 'd done that today , since she was out of money and she 'd been so focused on the TV .
tr	PRES	" I 'm worried about this David , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Not the bra .
tr	PRES	A tiny spring of bitterness opens .
tr	PAST	She wriggled away from him .
tr	PRES	" Empty it out on the counter , Mama .
tr	PRES	The grassy park changes into a courtroom with a judge 's bench , holding a Regulator .
tr	PRES	Sheesh , " I teased .
tr	PRES	I lean forward to kiss her again , but she stops me .
tr	PRES	She holds up her arm to display the various pieces .
tr	PAST	" I 'm afraid of heights , " I lied .
tr	PAST	" And I have a temper too , " Inez announced , turning away to peer into the living room beside them .
tr	PAST	A figure in black armor emerged from the light .
tr	PAST	Got a James K. Polk recently handed to me as change .
tr	PRES	They use it to pay projects and I am sure it helps pays the salary of the very young and very old .
tr	PAST	This enraged him and he shot for one of the guards enlisted to keep watch .
tr	PRES	That brings out the predatory instincts in people .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of wolves .
tr	PRES	She holds up a finger to me , and when she 's finished talking to her customer , walks with me behind the register .
tr	PRES	He just stands there with his hands limp at his sides and grinding his teeth .
tr	PRES	" Crazy stories ... " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	She tensed up in shock .
tr	PAST	Levi exhaled , " True ; however , as I said in the meeting , he has always been envious of me .
tr	PAST	My thoughts swirled around my feelings for Gavin .
tr	PAST	Tilting his head to one side , he regarded her gravely .
tr	PAST	I tugged her off the path .
tr	PAST	" Boy , he was pretty mad , " Jenny stated the obvious .
tr	PAST	Kylie scooted back and then recognized Burnett .
tr	PAST	She giggled as she cut out six lines and we did three each and glided into the big relax .
tr	PRES	" Fuck me , Luca , " she whispers , as her eyes meet mine .
tr	PRES	His new technique allows him to engineered phages to attack specific , harmful bacteria .
tr	PRES	" Did this place belong to your parents ? "
tr	PRES	But I wasn 't captain anymore .
tr	PAST	Abe eyed the envelope , but Shorty was the one to answer .
tr	PAST	When you started here , you received an inoculation to be recognized by the system , correct ? "
tr	PRES	' Hatred just begins to describe what I feel for him .
tr	PRES	His hair still shone with multicolored streaks of auburn in the moonlight , and his eyes were their natural , gorgeous blue .
tr	PAST	Sonia uttered on a choked cry .
tr	PAST	She pretended to consider my question , staring thoughtfully at the ceiling , then returning her focus to me .
tr	PRES	His hope of winning the war by her side now fades .
tr	PRES	He changes them regularly as they are these removable decals I mentioned .
tr	PAST	He wriggled an eyebrow even though we both knew he wasn 't talking about us having sex .
tr	PAST	With each second those things didn 't happen , Jason silently thanked a god he hadn 't spoken to in years .
tr	PRES	Breaking through to the surface , tears prick my eyes and Andrew is at my side .
tr	PRES	She can 't help it , the reprimand falls off her tongue .
tr	PRES	" I love you too , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	I shook my head , my momentary fear replaced with anger .
tr	PRES	At some point , Ballard stands up .
tr	PAST	She slapped him , a hard , cracking blow .
tr	PRES	" He loves travel , as long as he 's not required to move far from his armchair . "
tr	PRES	" Come down to see me , " he begged .
tr	PAST	She emerged from the cooler carrying a wheel of cheese .
tr	PAST	It destroyed you to do so ... and he knew that . "
tr	PRES	He lets me , because he doesn 't know me well enough yet to object .
tr	PRES	' So little lady what is next , food or a swim ? '
tr	PAST	The tall black hair man eyed the ship .
tr	PAST	Hanna sniffed as she brushed herself off and headed back toward the party .
tr	PAST	The arrow plunged into his shoulder , and she felt the warm spatter of Shane 's blood across her face .
tr	PAST	She readjusted her hands for a better grip and yanked with all her strength .
tr	PAST	Chapter 28 The captives entered the city of Sodom strapped to the back of two great beasts .
tr	PAST	Reaching out , he caressed her neck then rained kisses down her nose .
tr	PAST	Apparently , the current fashion dictated a single splash of a different color to provide contrast .
tr	PRES	" So I assume , but Cain is a loose cannon right now .
tr	PRES	Vera 's shine from deep in their sockets , penetrating out from the broad thatch of wrinkles all around them .
tr	PRES	Luke 's hand slides up my side , to my neck , then ultimately he cups my chin in his hand and makes me look at him .
tr	PRES	With that he disconnected .
tr	PRES	" You underestimate the power I have over the people in this city .
tr	PAST	And man created a God in his own image . "
tr	PRES	If I 'd known - " " I 'll survive , " said Andra , her tone bleak and accepting .
tr	PAST	Before he 'd finished the last word , the lights flicked on .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side , feigning shock .
tr	PRES	Loose tendrils of still damp blonde hair softened and framed her flawlessly stunning face .
tr	PAST	Dad handled the publicity and temperamental artists .
tr	PAST	And again I lied about Derek when they asked where he had gone .
tr	PAST	" Maybe next time , you could wear a shirt , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Kate zipped into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Ellie wears her woolly mittens and claps and kicks and is so damn brilliant you almost have to squint when you look straight at her .
tr	PAST	She stuffed the roll in her mouth , popped up and grabbed a length of twine .
tr	PRES	With a quiet expression , he joins the group .
tr	PAST	Under my hand , the steady beat of his heart matched my own , slightly accelerated .
tr	PRES	He literally lays down on my bed .
tr	PAST	I pinched his ribs , and he grunted a laugh .
tr	PAST	" Everything she has she stole from others .
tr	PRES	Jared leaned in close and growled in his face , the words hoarse as they ripped from his throat .
tr	PAST	The black sand swirled around in a tornado .
tr	PAST	She skipped down a hallway .
tr	PAST	I seized the sword and leapt to the window .
tr	PAST	Girls shrieked and clutched their dates .
tr	PAST	I crawled out and stood up , but there was no one to kill or claim me .
tr	PRES	She begins to cough loudly and shake as though she has just come in from a frigid winter day .
tr	PRES	Bet he couldn 't sing , " I snap back . "
tr	PRES	After a moment , she lands .
tr	PRES	" It 's going to be all right , " he whispers , hugging her to him .
tr	PAST	I crouched next to him , pushing the knife away from his body so that he wouldn 't hurt himself on it .
tr	PRES	You didn 't , " he points out .
tr	PRES	Kate stands in line in front of me chatting dramatically to a couple of her friends .
tr	PAST	Her seriousness only served to dissolve any self-control the two women had left .
tr	PAST	Gus motioned for the woman to lay out the items on the bed and to place the flip-flops on the floor .
tr	PRES	I snap mine for good measure .
tr	PAST	His sprint rapidly slowed to a jog , until finally stopping .
tr	PRES	" I assume you know Maren 's not excited about Lexa . "
tr	PRES	Chapter 34 The Line ( Mason ) Exhaustion fills my body .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PAST	And everything screeched to a halt .
tr	PAST	" Your disobedience tasks us , Charity . "
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around me and embraces me .
tr	PRES	He refuses to look at me even when he assumes his previous position , keeping his gaze firmly fixed on the tree .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Katie .
tr	PRES	" In short , the Paradise Islands are aptly named , " Zeph concludes .
tr	PAST	Ortega slapped the bottle from Thomas 's hand .
tr	PRES	HE 'D LEFT HER ALONE for a week , the sun rising and setting beyond the clouds .
tr	PAST	He palmed the packet of photos and smiled at her .
tr	PAST	They obviously revered themselves as too powerful to take such precautions .
tr	PRES	" She trusts you . "
tr	PRES	My hand falls heavy on the table .
tr	PAST	Fate intervened as Brick threw a punch with his eyes .
tr	PAST	Kira inhaled near the door , but she couldn 't distinguish anything overly helpful .
tr	PAST	Without warning , the girl crawled up into Astrid 's lap and threw her arms around her .
tr	PAST	The countess clutched at her glasses before settling them on her straight nose .
tr	PRES	" It 's pretty deep , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Alexandra 's mind groped wildly for some way to neutralize his irrational anger and soothe what could only be his wounded ego .
tr	PAST	His mouth hooked to one side in a poorly hidden smile .
tr	PRES	" Don 't say that , Sutton , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	As the train slid to a standstill next to the platform , Claire stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	Wrapping his fingers around my upper arm , Bo urged me to stand .
tr	PAST	The Cheshire Cat giggled .
tr	PAST	After our intense moment , we both clutched each other and tried to calm our breaths .
tr	PRES	She touched his hand lightly , her nail resting on his bare ring finger .
tr	PAST	The old timer cocked his head to one side and leaned on the door , producing another loud groan .
tr	PRES	Honest strokes with honest intentions .
tr	PRES	Ty raised his head and squared his shoulders , his nostrils flaring .
tr	PRES	" I do not believe that oaf could possibly be feeling it the same as I , " mumbled Eda , her tone a little lighter .
tr	PRES	And I snap my mouth shut .
tr	PRES	" Just like you stopped that baby from hit ing the pavement . "
tr	PRES	she mutters , and despite the situation , I can 't help but laugh .
tr	PRES	I lean over and talk into the phone .
tr	PRES	And , directly below us , the parking lot to an air freight company .
tr	PAST	Titles ranged from " Match of the Century " to " Marriage Made in Stock Market Heaven . "
tr	PRES	I punch the price into the register and push Total .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands and tipped my chin up .
tr	PRES	He glances at me and obeys .
tr	PRES	Happy birthday , " Sali mumbled sarcastically .
tr	PRES	he mumbled while his head was hanging between his knees .
tr	PRES	Once she gets something in her head , it tends to stick , and there 's never a logical explanation for it .
tr	PAST	' Soul did , ' Victor stated loudly above the furore that followed .
tr	PRES	Comes in handy when you want to display a presentation in the middle of the day .
tr	PAST	Above him planes battled it out as dogfights ensued without mercy , tearing the once peaceful picture into a thing of nightmares .
tr	PAST	The words acted like a dash of icy water on Gwen 's senses .
tr	PRES	For it begins to dissolve , even as the contest on the fields of Time thus takes on its largest aspect .
tr	PAST	The lines deepened on the Archbishop 's face , ' About the séance , how many witnesses were present ?
tr	PAST	Demos regarded Tavi and his grip on Varg for a moment .
tr	PAST	As Hannah settled against him , he stiffened involuntarily .
tr	PAST	Clay charged in before the bickering got out of hand .
tr	PAST	Desire and anticipation swirled around me , so thick , so strong that it sent little droplets of perspiration skittering across my skin .
tr	PAST	A wall divided him from the multi-story drop below .
tr	PRES	" Once the Elders arrive , having humans around will be too much of a risk . "
tr	PAST	He leaped out of the car , left the door open and sprinted toward the house .
tr	PRES	We arrive home in record time and runs around the car to open the door for me .
tr	PAST	Thus , she unleashed her famished armies in a massive attack on the South overrunning Soul and much of the country .
tr	PRES	However , I assume they know what mercenaries do for a living .
tr	PAST	But something still chased her .
tr	PRES	Never anger , happiness , sadness ... nothing besides tranquility and peace .
tr	PAST	Her brows pinched , and she opened her mouth .
tr	PAST	A few pedestals stood around the room , each topped by one or two little telescopes locked into position by some kind of holder .
tr	PAST	Illumination brightened a new window , and a moment later they heard locks being unfastened .
tr	PRES	" He climbs up to your window ? "
tr	PAST	Three balconies with low railings projected from the upper story .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , do you mind ... " " Picking you up ? "
tr	PAST	Climbing onto the first step he stomped the snowy residue of salt and sand from his galoshes and swiped his pass .
tr	PAST	They cleaned up messes .
tr	PRES	Bella , snap out of it .
tr	PAST	Duncan extended his hand to the dark-haired man .
tr	PRES	" You three amaze me . "
tr	PAST	The crew scampered up and down the lines , eager to hoist the sails at the order .
tr	PRES	Those visions always wipe me out , " I said , only half lying .
tr	PRES	He points to the stats .
tr	PAST	My heart nearly exploded .
tr	PRES	He lets go of one of my legs to fish for his keys , and I tighten my thighs around his waist .
tr	PAST	I stifled a giggle with another bite of chili .
tr	PRES	" I bow to your superior knowledge of fashion . "
tr	PRES	" I strongly disagree with that . "
tr	PAST	The security alarm beeped , indicating that someone had entered the house .
tr	PAST	Placing it in his briefcase , he then extracted the red folder with the other speech in it .
tr	PRES	I throttle her back , and she crumbles to the pavement .
tr	PAST	After one breath , though , he replaced his hand over his nose .
tr	PRES	" Visiting , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	No government conducted business .
tr	PRES	This only helps to raise my panic levels a good couple of notches .
tr	PRES	Eventually , either they adapt or they don 't .
tr	PRES	Nobody buys dead slaves .
tr	PAST	Levi deepened the kiss , his arms tightening around me before lowering me down onto the sand .
tr	PRES	" Make love to me , " she begged as he took her nipple into his mouth .
tr	PAST	I hurriedly shuffled back to the one of the leaf floating on the puddle .
tr	PAST	Panic seized my chest and I let out a wordless scream .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me .
tr	PAST	A metallic grinding announced that a door was unlatched and a small gap appeared in the wall .
tr	PAST	Ten minutes later , a smiling young woman , probably in her thirties , bounced over to us , hand outstretched .
tr	PAST	He snaked his other arm around her and touched her shoulder .
tr	PAST	I phoned him as soon as Mr. Howell contacted me .
tr	PRES	' As you will , Lucy .
tr	PAST	" No , no , " Jane exclaimed , waving him back down .
tr	PRES	Her head snaps up as he says something .
tr	PRES	" With the gunfire ? "
tr	PAST	The thing shrieked , and lunged at his ship .
tr	PAST	" He stole me ! "
tr	PRES	Trystan glances past Mari , looking for his shirt .
tr	PRES	I lean forward to get a better look at him , and our eyes lock .
tr	PAST	A three-dimensional astral map replaced the planet .
tr	PAST	At the same time though he feared what would happen when he did .
tr	PAST	Most marshals ' offices served small communities of about 1600 people .
tr	PAST	Pausing on the steps , I steadied myself .
tr	PRES	' For that I apologise .
tr	PRES	But now , those bills sell for a fortune on eBay .
tr	PRES	" Hey , bring it down a notch , bud .
tr	PAST	I trusted Jackie enough to entrust my father into her care .
tr	PRES	And this applies to virtually every major event I worked on .
tr	PRES	Give me some details , " Jack begged .
tr	PAST	When it came to Carver , my brother and his people solved a problem .
tr	PAST	I fantasized about changing my last name to Wheeler .
tr	PRES	I wipe down the surfaces in the feed room .
tr	PAST	The corners of my lips tipped up .
tr	PAST	Just a messed up dream . "
tr	PAST	He adjusted the straps of his backpack .
tr	PAST	Tolland urged her forward , and suddenly Rachel could see what Corky was so excited about .
tr	PRES	The lump returns to my throat , but I do not hurry my old friend away this time .
tr	PRES	Max snaps his fingers .
tr	PRES	Martina shone the light in the boy 's eyes .
tr	PRES	Someone who would do anything for him , even rip a hole in the universe .
tr	PAST	Next second , I froze at the foot of the stairs leading to the school 's entrance , and he almost bumped into me .
tr	PAST	The thermite triggered and all hell broke loose .
tr	PRES	A bit eccentric in some ways .
tr	PRES	She sneaks us in the back door and into the basement , so her parents won 't know she has guests .
tr	PAST	He clutched it and pulled .
tr	PAST	Aiden reappeared , taking my hand .
tr	PRES	" That tank holds fifty five gallons , but we haven 't had any rain in a while .
tr	PAST	She circled me , her breath hot and heavy on my skin , so close she was almost touching me .
tr	PRES	Everything else points to Alana being killed by a shark , except the missing tablet .
tr	PRES	You screwed up my chance at Alabama . "
tr	PAST	He trod off to rejoin the main camp as he had other duties that needed his attention .
tr	PAST	Michael slapped the boy in question on the back .
tr	PAST	The flavors melded together in a delectable sweet taste .
tr	PRES	Yeah , that about sums it up for me , too .
tr	PRES	Ten years , for Christ 's sake , Ricky ! "
tr	PRES	She slides her cell phone out of her pocket .
tr	PRES	" Now the real game begins .
tr	PAST	Maybe J.D. bounced ideas off of her and she knew about the changes to the will . "
tr	PRES	Streaks of yellow shone his features , making him look golden .
tr	PRES	" Not just a book , " he breathes .
tr	PRES	She likes to look at the moon too .
tr	PRES	They belong on the sparring field , not on the battlefield .
tr	PAST	The fact that Cain couldn 't figure it out only strengthened his conclusion that Rory wasn 't truly meant to be his .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , the bastard sees our numbers and takes off running towards the castle to give the alarm .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number , and a soft beep warned him the connection was made .
tr	PAST	' Hey , ' Sara hollered , parting the crowd with the drink held out in front of her .
tr	PAST	Sunday suddenly slapped Errol 's cheek that her heavy hand felt like tons of metal .
tr	PAST	I crawled under the covers and tucked my pil ow underneath my head .
tr	PRES	" Maggie swears by this stuff , so I thought we should try it . "
tr	PRES	" Cray cray , " I correct .
tr	PAST	I chased him down the block .
tr	PRES	She always hears things first .
tr	PRES	The sobs burst forth , my shoulders shaking , my ribs rattling .
tr	PAST	Thomas ' heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" Doing research , eh ?
tr	PRES	" Come tell me all about you , " she sings cheerfully .
tr	PAST	David squinted at first , then rubbed his eyes and refocused on the vision before him .
tr	PRES	The uncomplicated pleasure of watching the dragon soar and dive so gracefully did a great deal to ease Laurence 's mind .
tr	PRES	" And what about Drake coming for your child .
tr	PRES	Our family owes much to her . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " she barely whispers .
tr	PRES	Perhaps the one causes the other . "
tr	PRES	Of poisoning your patient ? "
tr	PRES	" I don 't think she 's crazy , " Gray mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Um , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" You sound like my mom , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	He zeroed in on the cable lowering from the craft .
tr	PRES	" Should the two of you evacuate before we attempt to move it ? "
tr	PAST	She flicked her gaze up and down me , as though finding me wanting in comparison .
tr	PAST	Jess 's disembodied voice bounced off the walls coming from every direction .
tr	PAST	She clutched her chest .
tr	PAST	I flapped lazily , continuously .
tr	PAST	She sensed something dark and desperate as his lips pulled back .
tr	PRES	And he brings with him knowledge of the lay of the land ... " Is that all ? "
tr	PAST	Couples roamed , and groups headed to wherever they were going that night .
tr	PAST	He affixed his gaze to a spot on the table and began .
tr	PRES	* * * Stuart Reid hated Shifters , and now he was surrounded by them .
tr	PRES	" Until Wednesday , Maggie .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PRES	She scoots around me and lays down on the other side of the bed .
tr	PAST	" I am willing to purchase Rose from you , " he stated .
tr	PAST	Always before , bedding a woman who 'd gotten under his skin had eased that itch .
tr	PAST	He prowled toward her , trying to keep his approach , his stance , unthreatening as he blocked her way .
tr	PRES	Sharp enough to slice a straight razor in two .
tr	PRES	Long enough to think and let emotion wash over him .
tr	PRES	' Seems to be a bit of a technical fault , ' he mumbled .
tr	PRES	He inhales deeply , probably fighting to calm himself .
tr	PRES	Her lifeless body slides off the blade and is flung up into the air by an unseen force .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I mumbled against his soft t-shirt .
tr	PAST	Then he cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	I 've already downed an entire bottle of water in this Texas heat .
tr	PAST	I opted for sanity , smiled , and said , " Thank you for a nice evening , Mick .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so sorry , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" Your services are required once more , " Anton announced , digging into the black duffle .
tr	PAST	He preferred the feel of his satin sheets against his bare skin - it was the one comfort he allowed himself .
tr	PAST	Prologue In the early days , Fire Dragons ruled over a collection of islands off the coast of mainland Europe , known as the Celtic realm .
tr	PAST	His head swooped down then , cutting off her gasp of surprise as he seized her lips in an angry kiss .
tr	PRES	" Sam , " she hisses .
tr	PAST	" She denied being in his bedroom ? "
tr	PAST	She touches her cheek to mine and whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	" Someone pretty , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Their minds sought one another , needing the constant closeness between them .
tr	PAST	She served herself from the assembled plates , and took dainty bites from her toast as she spoke .
tr	PRES	Bouncer deserves to get screamed at today , but I resist .
tr	PRES	" I begged him not to go .
tr	PRES	He begins to unfasten the restraints , his touch firm but not painful .
tr	PRES	He approaches , towering above me in my reclined seat .
tr	PAST	But once inside , the dense forest created a place of tranquility and quiet .
tr	PRES	" A bit of ale helps to settle the stomach after a sea voyage . "
tr	PRES	Tim bounds across the street and dodges a few cars .
tr	PAST	I dialed his number and after three rings it went to his voice mail .
tr	PRES	He releases me and I stumble backward .
tr	PAST	She pretended to test her jaw .
tr	PRES	Never mind why , Summer . "
tr	PAST	Jimmy thanked her and immediately got to work connecting the wires .
tr	PAST	It slowed to make the sharp turn but still took the corner hard .
tr	PRES	" You threaten her again , and you won 't get another chance .
tr	PAST	" Bad pun penalty , " Ty announced in the deep tones of a sportscaster as he held up an imaginary red card .
tr	PAST	Angelina supported Stellan as they made their way to the curb .
tr	PRES	Bad habit or not he began to remember how much he once enjoyed smoking .
tr	PRES	I snuck over to the hedge and crouched to the side of it , resting my spear in the grass .
tr	PRES	I lean in to check it out .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through one of them and pulled out protection .
tr	PRES	I 'm sorry , Harlow , I didn 't mean to scare you , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	And a punishment . "
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked out and licked a small scar she had on her shoulder blade .
tr	PRES	" I live with my older brothers , " he explains .
tr	PAST	She jolted up and began to head towards the sound .
tr	PAST	Laurent 's voice boomed out impatiently , causing Maggie to look at him in surprise .
tr	PAST	From the way it rose on its wheels , a number of people exited the vehicle .
tr	PAST	The man clutched at the boat to hold himself up .
tr	PAST	I stood , dumbfounded as Felix sauntered to the front of the stage where a shell-shocked Regina stood , mouth agape , watching his show .
tr	PRES	" Yes , you do , bro .
tr	PRES	The machine connecting me to One begins to thrum louder .
tr	PRES	This mysticism shapes much classical and modern Indian thought as well .
tr	PAST	Her blank stare deepened his desperation .
tr	PRES	" If Andrade Global succeeds in winning this contract - " " What , Stephan ?
tr	PAST	The wind caressed her face and fiery hair .
tr	PRES	She tries over and over again to get me to go somewhere on Friday nights .
tr	PRES	Landon carries himself like she does , too .
tr	PAST	We visited Caleb 's brother , Saul , last year .
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed from his desk .
tr	PRES	Chicken tacos with corn salsa and avocado .
tr	PRES	Well , I assume the accessory came with instructions .
tr	PAST	Beneath the cherubic persona , she sensed something more , something different .
tr	PRES	The shark disappears and then the spear gun , next .
tr	PRES	Evan 's fingers wrap around his throat and he forces his back to the ground ; his hands blazing fiercely with violent orange and red flames .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know . "
tr	PAST	" Alfred , strapped to my left leg ... " Her eyes rolled in her head .
tr	PRES	Whenever you 're around , everything else fades from my notice . "
tr	PAST	This must be the owner of her wondrous suit , she surmised .
tr	PRES	He turned , his eyes pensive .
tr	PAST	Every day for the next week produced a recapitulation of the first day 's information .
tr	PRES	Sean reaches out between us and takes my wrist .
tr	PAST	" We recorded a BBC Three concert last night , and the lads are still packing up the equipment .
tr	PAST	Knox 's frown deepened , and suddenly he looked much older than he really was .
tr	PRES	Ammonia collects in the lungs , and usually diffuses through the mouth and nose .
tr	PAST	Amy stated simply to Charlie 's shock .
tr	PAST	Toby wavered -- Crawley had him on the back foot .
tr	PAST	" Look , Mom , newlyweds , " a young girl squealed from the hospital lobby .
tr	PAST	After sneaking up to close range , I flicked the stone toward the pillar adjacent to the one he was standing against .
tr	PRES	" He really likes you ; I promise .
tr	PRES	" As well you should , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	Fletch stretches and yawns .
tr	PAST	I eventually lightened up , laughed at my stupidity and went back to dancing fully .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm not really interested in flings anymore . "
tr	PRES	Chairmen bearing sedan chairs wove nimbly among the crowd .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with emotion .
tr	PAST	She skipped back to the house , frolicking like a little girl .
tr	PRES	The graveyard holds the red soil .
tr	PRES	Boko knew what had appealed to Warden about that kind of life , the power plays , the potential for destruction .
tr	PAST	A fourth , by far the messiest , claimed the book for Grayson Hall .
tr	PRES	" First Kadie , and now you . "
tr	PRES	" Like an incantation , a special chant , a Native American prayer . "
tr	PAST	A bleak thought intruded .
tr	PAST	Darius swiped his hand on the pad in front of the door , and the door made a deep click and began to slowly open .
tr	PAST	Legend claimed it had been killed by Hermes , but legend was often a lie told by the gods to fool mortals .
tr	PRES	From the size , I estimate there are six apartments total , two on each floor .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ Chapter Two Sarah dreamed she was at the graveyard where she used to go with Dad .
tr	PRES	On the rock , a woman wearing a real horse head stands over the place where the man poured the blood .
tr	PRES	" My Uncle Ricky , the last couple of summers , signed me up for these self defense classes , " Steve tries to explain .
tr	PAST	A bullet pierced his leg .
tr	PRES	Creeping up the alley till I have a view of the loading dock , I settle myself on a low wall behind a bush and wait .
tr	PAST	Devon 's hands fisted as he stared hard at Cassie .
tr	PAST	The sure way he caressed and kissed .
tr	PAST	" I don 't know where it is , but it belongs to Miner , " Debbie revealed .
tr	PAST	The animal balked , reluctant to leave the courtyard and the comfort of the stables .
tr	PRES	" Your brother begs forgiveness , Tar .
tr	PAST	* * * I ambled down the driveway , through the open gate , and across the street .
tr	PAST	John proceeded to collect the wallets of all three boys and walked in Lenny 's direction .
tr	PAST	Bark spewed out as Annabelle screamed in pain and dropped the gun .
tr	PRES	" Why don 't you wash up and I 'll bring the food out here .
tr	PRES	" For five thousand bucks . "
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the plush mattress , velvet coverlet soft against her skin .
tr	PAST	Erica sensed more seriousness than was probably appropriate , especially given their conversation two days before .
tr	PRES	" Should I assume Tyler ran into it ? "
tr	PRES	" And which scroll states that law ? "
tr	PAST	The Comet danced a little causing Archie to spill a little coffee .
tr	PRES	In the middle of the chaos , Rose stands frozen in fear .
tr	PAST	Dorian countered , trying to keep his voice quiet .
tr	PRES	Rebecca sees the annoyance on Matt 's face before he can hide it .
tr	PRES	Madeline lets out a whoop .
tr	PRES	The diminutive amount of confidence I had acquired over the course of our short conversation fades away in an instant with his demand .
tr	PAST	After a moment , he exhaled loudly and pulled a thick folder from the depths of the cabinet .
tr	PAST	So she zipped up the case and stowed it away again in her fanny pack and decided not to think about it .
tr	PRES	" With Thomas Jr. . "
tr	PRES	He leans forward , his elbows resting on his thighs , his hands clasped together .
tr	PAST	The other people in the room fidgeted , eyed her uncomfortably before turning uncertain gazes to their boss .
tr	PRES	But that wouldn 't be doing her any favors .
tr	PAST	A low sound emerged from her throat and echoed back at her from the walls of the bus as he pressed a soft kiss between her legs .
tr	PRES	I wince internally at my cruel tone but am relieved at how she barely flinches .
tr	PAST	Hanna 's eyes glowed in the darkness .
tr	PAST	Without another thought he winged his way in that direction .
tr	PAST	The stranger withdrew a fearsome blade , much larger than the one Paul held .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you need a distraction , " he murmured , lashes dipping but not quick enough to shield eyes that were now a heated silver .
tr	PRES	" Or my toes .
tr	PRES	" This is almost like prom night , " Caitlyn announces after a waiter sets the water glasses on our table .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head in thought , " Angie , what does gold look like ? "
tr	PAST	T is settled then , " the king announced as he put down his goblet .
tr	PAST	Inside , I flicked on the lights .
tr	PRES	Riley : Well ... ah ... ok ... ok , I guess ... How have been you ... I mean ... how have you ... ?
tr	PAST	Georgie tipped her own phone away from her ear and shouted .
tr	PAST	The door screeched as the warden pushed it open wide .
tr	PAST	She stated with confidence , having gotten over any embarrassment or shame she had been feeling from that most revealing dream .
tr	PAST	" Well , at least Eva reported it all .
tr	PAST	" I told you not to touch him , " he gritted .
tr	PRES	Recognition flashes in his eyes .
tr	PAST	Then we plunged into the deep water and all was dark .
tr	PRES	" Professor Buckingham ? "
tr	PAST	Jace dared to close the space between them , dared even more to put his hand on Ellison 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	All around me , women and children wept .
tr	PAST	" Not that high , as somebody predicted it back in the montage . "
tr	PRES	" Hell no , " she hisses , glancing over her shoulder at two loud guys who have appeared at the bottom of the stairway .
tr	PAST	His green gaze misted and his plunges slowed down .
tr	PAST	We linger just around a corner , looking through the large windows from the hallway into the front office , where Dina is waiting .
tr	PAST	He slapped Jeremy on the back , then leaned down and kissed Lexie on the cheek .
tr	PAST	I drooled at the thought of biting into a warm and gooey s 'm ore .
tr	PRES	He shone a light in her eyes .
tr	PAST	She clutched her doll to her chest , terror raw in her eyes as he lowered her to the surface of the wine .
tr	PRES	' Crispin Ballard ? '
tr	PRES	I lean away from his hand .
tr	PRES	My skin tingles at her touch , even through the layers of clothing .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze .
tr	PRES	I stop the bike , park it and jump down , landing amidst a pile of bike debris .
tr	PAST	The fact that " he had no beauty or majesty to attract us " bothered Russo and Thompson .
tr	PRES	" I thought I was supposed to be the teacher this week , " he murmurs , running his hands down the sides of my body .
tr	PAST	The lines on her forehead deepened as she listened .
tr	PAST	His warmth soaked through his shirt and into her hand .
tr	PAST	The northerly wind chased a grey smoke swath over the snow .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Basso extended the bowl to her .
tr	PRES	" The man who raised you ... he loves you .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved , though not into a smile .
tr	PAST	" Tell me what I can do , " I urged , sprinting around the counter to face Sofie .
tr	PRES	My stomach flips over the sound of his deep chuckle .
tr	PAST	But this commonsense knowledge proved extremely difficult to program .
tr	PRES	And what about the merchants outside ? "
tr	PAST	It glowed for a moment , then opened with a groan of rock against rock .
tr	PAST	" I 'm well aware of that , " I yell , turning around to face him .
tr	PAST	Our feet slowed to stillness as I held her in my arms .
tr	PAST	I stormed through the mansion , pushed my way past his servants .
tr	PAST	While his head was turned , Nadine coiled her right arm and slugged him in the nose .
tr	PAST	Kylie clutched her knees tighter to her chest .
tr	PAST	" Come to Florida , " she urged .
tr	PAST	My body smacked against the side of a car .
tr	PAST	The curse exploded out of him , a reaction too strong to contain .
tr	PAST	" The guards always hooded the girls when bringing them to Luce , to keep the whole process secret .
tr	PRES	Just under your hand , captain .
tr	PAST	He toyed with the thought that if he concentrated hard enough maybe he could melt a hole in the frost on the office window by pure will .
tr	PRES	A seven-year-old remembers with some pride being able to point to a date and say , " Daddy that 's wrong . "
tr	PRES	Inns sell food and rent out a place to sleep . "
tr	PRES	What is said between us remains in this room .
tr	PAST	Brick sensed he was alone and opened one eye , a shaft of light from somewhere beneath his chin breaking the darkness that faced him .
tr	PAST	She grunted in amusement .
tr	PRES	He whipped his head around to see Pierce signalling for him to be quiet .
tr	PAST	He secured the length with a clip he kept in his pants pocket .
tr	PRES	The memory fades and I feel a dull pang of anger as I remember her words .
tr	PAST	The emotional impact of that rendered him speechless , so he merely shook his head and followed her to the elevator .
tr	PRES	I suppose if I thought in terms of years , you 'd be old and decrepit , " she teased .
tr	PAST	He eyed me a moment more .
tr	PAST	" Even just one body , Mr. Messick . "
tr	PRES	This cup belongs to the God , the Consort .
tr	PRES	" And no one stops this from happening ? "
tr	PAST	He hooked two thumbs in the waistband of my panties and tugged the fabric free .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	" He eluded the EOD agents in Europe , and now ... now it looks like he 's come home to do his hunting again . "
tr	PAST	Farmer , Spade and Hunt floated safely to the ground while they helplessly watched the damaged plane descend steeply in a Northeastern direction .
tr	PAST	He phoned Buzzer Watson .
tr	PAST	I eyed the young woman I was alone in the room with , wary of her intentions .
tr	PAST	The color flattered her complexion , and after fastening her mother 's pearls , Anna stepped back from the mirror knowing she looked her best .
tr	PAST	and shouting a battle cry of her tribe she leaped for her enemy once again .
tr	PRES	Sarah touches my shoulder gently .
tr	PRES	A vapor mist drifts up toward the ventilation system .
tr	PAST	As for Nikos , his grin nearly split his face .
tr	PRES	What Jesse saw then were lies heaped up on lies , the bitter slag of so many lies that history has been compacted from .
tr	PRES	For my sisters , brothers , and parents whose love never fades .
tr	PAST	My body tensed , and I sensed a presence I could not fully discern .
tr	PAST	The discomfort lingered this time and nearly took her breath away .
tr	PRES	To channel all of our efforts and resources into the most difficult construction project our species has ever attempted . "
tr	PRES	" Seriously , " Kate mumbled .
tr	PAST	Angelina asked , her voice fading to a whisper in his mind .
tr	PRES	Would it scare you to know that all your plans and expectations for what your lives would hold became irrelevant when you walked down those stairs ? "
tr	PRES	She points to the purple room .
tr	PRES	My dad never forgave me for being thrown out of the only institution he called heaven .
tr	PRES	I steal one last glance at her before I open the door and slip out into the empty tunnel .
tr	PAST	He started slightly , his hands fisted at his sides .
tr	PRES	Someone was singing far off down the hall , an unrecognizable tune echoing off the pasty white walls .
tr	PAST	" Sea ... Food ... " Down the gullet went Poseidon .
tr	PRES	" Did my father threaten you ? "
tr	PRES	Ketchup stops trying to glare my brother to death and turns all his focus on me .
tr	PAST	His artful touch chased away concerns and her eyes slid closed .
tr	PRES	Holding out her hand , a bar of soap floats from the shelf to it .
tr	PAST	It 's ten degrees above freezing at the moment , " he reported , looking at the outside thermometer reading by the kitchen door .
tr	PRES	" The Fifth ? "
tr	PRES	Carter brings her hands up and covers her mouth without bothering to finish her sentence .
tr	PAST	I fiddled through her makeup kit while she greeted a few fans in the hallway .
tr	PAST	He curved an arm around Jaxon 's shoulders .
tr	PAST	He propped her ankle on a padded stool and walked over to start the barbeque grill .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me then , pulls me up and into his arms , and I go .
tr	PAST	I babbled incoherently , words refusing to form .
tr	PAST	" You proved a long time ago that you 're a sarcastic bastard .
tr	PRES	Theravada tends toward doctrinal conservatism , exemplified in a cautious interpretation of its canon .
tr	PAST	If he could do that , maybe he could also do all the other things the books claimed .
tr	PAST	We sped off through the woodsy back roads on Patch 's motorcycle .
tr	PRES	Cora opens the hatchback trunk door and climbs in .
tr	PRES	" For a couple weeks , technically , before I ruined it . "
tr	PRES	Page folds from the future , as you understood it .
tr	PAST	Each cowered in his own corner , yelping with each swing of the troll 's fists .
tr	PAST	He trudged forward , staring down at his feet to keep the sun off his face .
tr	PAST	the man boomed , looking hopefully at Randolph to see how his joke had gone over .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward himself .
tr	PRES	Some snap at you as you pass .
tr	PAST	Women represented a distraction from his long-term goals of ﬁnancial independence .
tr	PRES	" My parents sell coffee at the bar .
tr	PRES	Thirteen " I 'm sorry to trouble you again , Mr. Franklin , " Marjorie Ellis mumbled , her expression embarrassed .
tr	PAST	squealed Nine , and jumped back onto the bed , either unaware of Four 's overture or too keyed up to notice .
tr	PRES	Hey , a girl summons one little God and everyone comes unglued .
tr	PAST	She attempted not to stare as he took her hand in his , engulfing it .
tr	PAST	' Perhaps we underestimated the force of the water . '
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to one side , thinking .
tr	PAST	He motioned her in , then turned back to his conversation .
tr	PRES	No more assassination attempts !
tr	PRES	He pushes on it and slams it shut .
tr	PRES	Katarina Fox is a very dangerous woman , " he mumbled eating something strange from his pocket .
tr	PAST	As electronic signals beamed across the Pacific Ocean they triggered a flurry of beeps and buzzing convulsions .
tr	PAST	She stiffened involuntarily and he made himself slow down .
tr	PRES	The kangaroo disappears , not the gun .
tr	PAST	The Chamberlain instructed his slave to hold the glass rectangle to the side , then waited .
tr	PRES	" And vice versa . "
tr	PAST	Percival jerked upright in his bed with Violet 's name on his lips .
tr	PAST	It cocked its head and looked at them as if it were trying to figure out what they were doing on his island .
tr	PAST	" His own people regarded him with fear , of course .
tr	PAST	Thomas lingered for a few seconds , smiling , then nodding .
tr	PRES	We will spar now , you guys just observe . "
tr	PAST	She doubted whoever hunted her knew about her service dog or would even worry about him if they did .
tr	PRES	Megan elbows Shane and he sighs before he speaks .
tr	PAST	Zach 's eyes glazed , then he shook his head and pulled Summer nearer to the group .
tr	PRES	I assume you go somewhere for the night , though ?
tr	PAST	She mumbled a few unintelligible curses at him and continued with her struggle .
tr	PRES	I murmur an excuse and cut across to meet her .
tr	PRES	But her thoughts never dwelt on marriage ; the dramas in which she imagined herself a heroine did not end that way .
tr	PRES	He releases my shoulders to catch my wrists with hands rough as rope .
tr	PRES	Anybody tries to talk they just going to get shot at .
tr	PRES	MacKenzie wraps me in her arms , " Hailey , you 're like a sister to me and always will be .
tr	PRES	" He was perfect , Ash .
tr	PAST	She unwound the quilt and laid it on a nearby chair .
tr	PRES	My sister plays football , and she 's really good at it .
tr	PAST	She mumbled behind her gag and - He used a knife to cut the gag away .
tr	PAST	It didn 't get a thorough cleaning after the last shipment , but other than that it seems usable , " Max reported .
tr	PAST	Reacher squinted against the daylight and read the writing on the bags .
tr	PRES	Anthony shapes it into a fist again .
tr	PAST	We exited into a tiny back alley where I saw no sign of photographers .
tr	PAST	They exited the bathroom extremely alarmed .
tr	PRES	No player likes getting played . "
tr	PRES	So I just swim underwater all the way across the pool .
tr	PRES	Emma lets out a heavy sigh of relief as her feet softly land upon a strange soft surface .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " I murmur , not even certain if I 'm speaking aloud .
tr	PRES	" ' Cause yer gon na need one , you little brat . "
tr	PRES	" You fold ? "
tr	PRES	In desperation the pirate tries to outrun us to seaward .
tr	PRES	He stands , stretching , black-haired arms reaching for the ceiling , palming at it -- one two , one two .
tr	PAST	Logan stuffed the Amazon 's bag into one of the overhead compartments , and then the two of them sat down together .
tr	PAST	He dialed the only number he knew by heart other than Centerville Pizza and waited for an answer .
tr	PRES	She loves chasing birds and butterflies and other fillies .
tr	PRES	Emily wraps her arm around my forearm and squeezes .
tr	PRES	When we reach the train , the ground beneath my feet begins to shake .
tr	PRES	Annoyed , Echo snaps at me to forget it .
tr	PRES	Clinging to his music box , the boy finally climbs to his feet and sprints across the narrow path to the center of the room .
tr	PRES	Nobody likes working there you miserable , bloated bag of shite ( oh , please make sure that one is aimed at Jeff ) .
tr	PRES	" A munitions ship , sir , " the officer corrects him .
tr	PAST	He clutched wildly for the nearest bedpost , hopping around on one foot .
tr	PAST	NASA lied about PODS .
tr	PRES	And then swing . "
tr	PAST	It floated away until it was about ten feet over our heads , casting light in all directions .
tr	PRES	The way he stalked Julie .
tr	PRES	He stands and runs a hand over my hair , sending waves through me .
tr	PAST	He circled his finger in the air to tell me to wrap it up , then pointed to his cop car .
tr	PRES	Focusing on numbers helps me not worry so much about the darkness , the silence , being all alone with no idea of where ... The darkness .
tr	PRES	I assume Savannah cal ed you ? "
tr	PAST	She swiped the card and the green light came on , releasing the magnetic lock -- Yes !
tr	PAST	Mari 's horse grunted a protest at her rough movements .
tr	PRES	A twisted and perverse computer geek in hiding , a scared little boy .
tr	PAST	I eyed the clock .
tr	PAST	I produced a look both bored and skeptical .
tr	PRES	" Real estate agent .
tr	PAST	The cowboy tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	" The only thing I want to get in is you , " he murmurs in my hair .
tr	PRES	Then , pressing on the gas , the tires squeal as the car lurches forward .
tr	PRES	Oh , right , bitches .
tr	PRES	" He is at that , " the man allows .
tr	PRES	" Filthy habit . "
tr	PRES	' Come on , mum .
tr	PRES	When Michael does it this time , he flicks the tender flesh hard .
tr	PAST	Tad slapped at his leg .
tr	PAST	I groped my way up the door , fumbling for the handle .
tr	PRES	The road opens into a slight slope , leading to an undulating valley like terrain , in the middle of which the ashram is situated .
tr	PAST	He flung her off his shoulder and slammed her against the ground .
tr	PRES	She eases herself closer stopping barely two metres away from the desk .
tr	PRES	Beneath your skin lies a creation of great wonder . "
tr	PRES	A shrill whistle bursts through the air .
tr	PAST	A feeling of intense happiness washed over me , and I knew everything was going to be all right .
tr	PAST	The small dinner party rumbled with excitement until Blake finally hushed the family and took Samantha by the hand .
tr	PRES	She holds her daughter , smiling .
tr	PRES	" It all fits .
tr	PRES	After they 've been assigned a station in the lab , he announces , " These cadavers were cancer patients at our hospital .
tr	PRES	Willow joined him , her hands resting on his chest .
tr	PRES	I n that moment , staring at the bloody message , time stood still .
tr	PRES	When we 're both ready , we signal each other with our arms .
tr	PRES	A quiet step over the window sill brings me into her room .
tr	PAST	Bret received a few days leave from boot camp to attend the funeral and then he was gone .
tr	PAST	Shea experienced a curious shifting of the earth beneath her feet .
tr	PAST	When I got to the Criminal Justice Building I obtained a visitor 's pass and walked down the long corridor to the main cell block .
tr	PAST	He hauled on a pair of jeans and destroyed her nice view .
tr	PRES	He stands up and starts walking away .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged , gripping hold of her free hand .
tr	PRES	" Your ancestors . "
tr	PRES	" No argument from me . "
tr	PAST	Abe exclaimed as they walked up to it .
tr	PRES	' Hi Elle , ' a deep voice murmurs in my ear .
tr	PAST	" Martha entrusted all her dolls to me while she slowly drank herself to death .
tr	PAST	He named names and places I had never heard before .
tr	PAST	She touches Rann 's chest , winking and giggling .
tr	PRES	The darkness always tries to swallow the light .
tr	PRES	" This is it , " Monique beamed , " let 's straighten things up and take it with us . "
tr	PAST	" The ones from the professor , " Dean countered .
tr	PAST	The reflection revealed a total of three men .
tr	PAST	He wagged his tail and inched closer .
tr	PRES	Somehow , he slides even closer this time .
tr	PAST	This room proved darker than either one that they 'd occupied before .
tr	PRES	" Bugger , " he murmurs quietly .
tr	PAST	When it was completely liberated , it floated into the air like a haze .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	" If the Dog code of honor allows you more than one subject . "
tr	PAST	" You do not have to speak , if you do not wish it , " she stated courteously as she offered him the candle .
tr	PRES	She releases my hand , reaches back inside , turns the lock , and flips on the porch light before shutting the door .
tr	PRES	One of them approaches me , and another steps up to Tia .
tr	PRES	His hand pushes in softly against the back of my neck .
tr	PAST	and grabbing the fiddle he stormed off in a huff , never planning to use the Devil for anything .
tr	PAST	She confidently glided over to the table and sat across from him .
tr	PRES	" Your back-up project .
tr	PRES	He begins to rise .
tr	PRES	Perhaps , by virtue of that , they belong here in a way that we do not .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	The room fell still , lamp flickering , all of them staring at the cell .
tr	PRES	" Even the dishes and the pots and pans ? "
tr	PRES	" I snuck in to do this . "
tr	PAST	To that end , she threaded her hand through the crook of his arm , " Lead the way .
tr	PRES	Then even redder remembering Helen .
tr	PAST	He pitched a protein bar her way , snagging another for himself along with two cans of juice .
tr	PRES	The evidence stacked against my dad flashes through my mind .
tr	PAST	A girl named Maddy is going to make fun of someone 's name . "
tr	PRES	But every book about Oak Island , and there are many , mentions it . "
tr	PRES	If we hide them in every room of the keep , the rooms become invisible and everyone in each room falls under its protection .
tr	PRES	" Only the coolest people in the world ! "
tr	PRES	" No , I ... " he tries to respond as she continues her rant .
tr	PRES	" You blackmailed me .
tr	PRES	" A total of four people . "
tr	PRES	" Later , " she whispers in an unsteady voice .
tr	PRES	By day , the sun streams through the spaces in the wood .
tr	PRES	Hiring goons to live in the apartment next door .
tr	PRES	" Radiant , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	A stench of decay persisted over the biting scent of smoke as they marched .
tr	PRES	Aden tuned them out as best he could .
tr	PAST	He circled the main road and found the sprawling ranch that boasted the in-ground pool .
tr	PRES	As I 'm headed out of the room to the bathroom to get my toothbrush , her phone buzzes from her pocket .
tr	PAST	He crawled over to Joe 's body .
tr	PRES	" If you need me , " Zia says , " just yell . "
tr	PRES	I murmur , the room spinning as I stand up after him .
tr	PRES	Five sighs and lifts Nine up .
tr	PAST	He barreled down the hallway to the kitchen , knocking over packing boxes as he went .
tr	PRES	He shone the searchlight on the front door and climbed out of his truck carrying a large flashlight .
tr	PAST	The girl plunged her cupped hands into the reflective waters so that in them glimmered a tiny liquid mirror .
tr	PAST	His expression stiffened when she entered , and she could feel his eyes boring into her .
tr	PRES	So much evil , so much ugliness among all this beauty . "
tr	PAST	" You did all you could to help her , " she reassured him in that gentle way of hers .
tr	PAST	Any hope she had of getting away with the briefest of goodbyes disintegrated when she heard her mother at it in the kitchen again .
tr	PAST	They stopped , misty heads tipped to the side , except the original shade .
tr	PAST	She had staged the whole disappearance and had set me up to kill the mayor and take the fall .
tr	PRES	On the other side the Herman sisters .
tr	PAST	Only the safety screen on the truck prevented him from being crushed .
tr	PRES	Was it not he that slew you ? "
tr	PRES	" How about a race ? "
tr	PRES	Beside me Stacey sings along to some catchy , generic song from one of the American Idol runners-up .
tr	PRES	I bury my head in my hands .
tr	PAST	He hopped out and jogged to the other side of the car , opening her door and taking her hand to pull her out of the vehicle .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet and stand there , shaking , as they grab and hit .
tr	PAST	He provided the necessary material things , but something about him seemed distant .
tr	PAST	His tummy rumbled and clashed .
tr	PRES	The genuineness of their shared misery strikes me .
tr	PAST	She abandoned timidity and walked forward with purpose .
tr	PRES	Despite hearing Mrs. Parker every day , hearing it still brings a smile to my face .
tr	PAST	His skin crawled just thinking of being agreeable to her for the time it took the officers to search her home .
tr	PAST	She eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Benji motioned for Rachel to follow him through the kitchen and into another large foyer .
tr	PRES	He wears one of the false spears made of driftwood on his back , secured with a leather thong .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're staying in town tonight ? "
tr	PAST	I collapsed , senseless from loss of blood .
tr	PRES	He talks about your mother constantly , almost as though he 's waiting to join her .
tr	PAST	I cringed when the bell rang .
tr	PRES	And she hates that Vel is hurting .
tr	PAST	They exploded together , a shattering intensity he would never forget .
tr	PAST	" I do too , Ryland , but I don 't honestly know whether or not what we feel is real or contrived by my father .
tr	PRES	Earth 's 23.5 degree axis points at Polaris .
tr	PAST	White foam slurred the shallow cave mouth .
tr	PRES	And you proceed to ask a number of questions about the missing woman -- the answers to which you already know .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we should just go , " Ryder whispers , moving for the door .
tr	PAST	Her expression saddened , half of her mouth forming a frown .
tr	PRES	Elizabeth whispers as she releases her embrace .
tr	PRES	" I disagree . "
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Leah lied immediately .
tr	PRES	The man at my side holds my hand with tender sureness , grounding me .
tr	PAST	I tip my head back and laugh .
tr	PAST	An employee barged through the swinging doors , which lead to the stock room almost knocking Janet over in his haste .
tr	PAST	A sheaf of sticks clutched to her chest .
tr	PAST	Were you dripping down them ? "
tr	PRES	" She 's dead on her feet , " Esme scolded Edward .
tr	PRES	" But if his parents were warlocks - " " Adoptive parents , " said Will .
tr	PRES	That he cares greatly about his teammates , he pushes them to excel , and he 'll do anything for them .
tr	PRES	A vacuum fills the room .
tr	PAST	Thor , of his favorite mythology , chased Loki across the sky , threatening to crush him with his thunder .
tr	PRES	" That 's so sad , " Lorena mutters unhappily .
tr	PRES	" Like I 've been decked , " she mumbled through her swollen lip .
tr	PAST	Andrew cups my face in his strong hands , his eyes full of compassion .
tr	PRES	Luckily , my grandma likes you . "
tr	PAST	Charles shrieked , stepping out from behind Radcliffe when the farmer made asif to break the poor animal 's neck .
tr	PRES	She likes to travel .
tr	PAST	Iseo marveled how human Celestino appeared as he and Father Tomas sat at the table where she waited for them .
tr	PRES	" We couldn ´ t just sit back and pretend nothing was wrong . "
tr	PAST	He motioned over his shoulder toward four guys at a corner table littered with three empty pitchers .
tr	PRES	He likes his routine . "
tr	PRES	" She deserves to know the truth .
tr	PRES	The smile melts off his face ever so slightly .
tr	PRES	Blackjack sniffs the air with surprise .
tr	PRES	A flash of the innocent kiss on the cheek plays in my mind .
tr	PRES	And just when it appears that certain victory is within their grasp I rip out their hearts with all the empathy of a great white shark .
tr	PRES	The female falls backwards and lands on her back .
tr	PAST	Yet instead of driving back to the highway and heading on out of town , for a while there , I just toured the streets .
tr	PAST	He named me Lara .
tr	PRES	I sidestep and closed the refrigerator .
tr	PAST	Angelina stifled a giggle .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me in the dim light and I pretend it 's a happy coincidence that his hands brush my bare thighs .
tr	PRES	" You looked stunning , " Ashwin teased .
tr	PAST	He smoked his weed quickly , hopping to dull his taste as much as possible .
tr	PRES	They sell a lot of work at it and rack up loads of orders .
tr	PAST	My anger subsided as I watched him shift his weight uneasily from one foot to the other .
tr	PRES	It helps to know you cannot hurt your opponent . "
tr	PRES	" Wizard Bel ? "
tr	PAST	Even as I thought it , my body revolted against the thought .
tr	PRES	And to top it all off , his breath stank .
tr	PAST	The remaining defenders charged our assassins to a man .
tr	PRES	She lets go of me and I say goodbye for now .
tr	PAST	His gaze flicked to her briefly as she stood at the railing , but he said nothing .
tr	PRES	I march towards the bottom of the ladder and stare helplessly at the sealed door .
tr	PRES	" I know and that ´ s why I ´ m glad ... you ´ re my best friend , " I reassure her .
tr	PAST	She feared that the news might mean the end for this budding relationship , which would be a dreadful shame .
tr	PRES	' Her marriage , what did you discover ? '
tr	PAST	Turning , I fled .
tr	PAST	Over and over he retreated and then plunged forward until she was begging him to give her release .
tr	PAST	Layla soaked up the sight of him .
tr	PAST	She caressed his face , as though she found something she liked in the scarred , harsh mess of it .
tr	PAST	Archie urged Samuel on to stay .
tr	PRES	Rachel dreaded that question , but knew it was inevitable that he 'd ask it .
tr	PAST	I exhaled just as shakily as I 'd drawn the air in .
tr	PRES	The question pops into my head , but in my heart it 's more like a plea .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the box before him .
tr	PRES	She frowns , fingering each teen .
tr	PRES	Chapter 10 Vampires lean over their mates when they sleep .
tr	PAST	Toby quit breathing -- and there he heard clearer the sound of another 's breath .
tr	PRES	Two devilish eyes shone back , twenty yards away .
tr	PRES	When she returns , I decline her offer with as much courtesy as I can muster .
tr	PRES	" In my pocket , " she murmurs , reaching for it , but her arm falls slack to her side .
tr	PAST	Cassie tensed , knowing this was going to be bad .
tr	PRES	" Don 't want to , " R.V. mumbled .
tr	PRES	When I open my mouth , my jaw snaps shut of its own accord .
tr	PAST	The tiny light exploded into a small puff of soapy foam .
tr	PAST	Savannah flushed out a rabbit , then chased it for the sheer joy of it before turning along a little-used path through heavy brush .
tr	PAST	I seized the opportunity to wriggle under the man 's arm and dart away along the High Street .
tr	PRES	I merely assume my father 's position , since he cannot be there himself . "
tr	PAST	All five of her servants washed her hair , massaging her scalp .
tr	PAST	He anticipated this question and he tried to sound convincing .
tr	PAST	Vin eyed him for a moment , then sighed .
tr	PRES	Bradford reclaimed his pole and was surprised at the strength it took to control the fish .
tr	PAST	She bounced up and down with anxiety .
tr	PRES	" But don 't you ever scare me like that again .
tr	PAST	Her hero sensed it too , or so she thought as she felt his body move closer to hers .
tr	PAST	Shaking myself all over like a wet dog , I hopped first on one foot and then the other , clearing the water from my ears .
tr	PRES	Marcus helps us steady it .
tr	PRES	He flips it over back and forth as if he is hoping something will pop out and tell us .
tr	PRES	Juliet bucks her hips again , and it 's more than I can take .
tr	PAST	I attempted to put finality into my voice , " I must leave his range of influence . "
tr	PAST	Pouring a second glass of wine , she washed down a Xanax , then carried her drink into the living room and checked her messages .
tr	PRES	And it falls apart perfectly .
tr	PAST	I stated , regretting the words the minute they left my mouth .
tr	PAST	It blotted out the sun .
tr	PAST	Bri exclaimed as we all climbed onto the bus .
tr	PRES	Your favor protects me . "
tr	PAST	Crates bounced and settled .
tr	PRES	Mom rattles out a few details neither Abby nor I catch before excusing herself .
tr	PRES	He carries my bag in and takes it into my room .
tr	PAST	She dared to raise her gaze and look at Margo .
tr	PAST	He squinted to distinguish its black form from the shadows .
tr	PRES	' And the beak ?
tr	PAST	I circled a few times , learning with every silent sweep of my wings , and those circles grew inexorably wider .
tr	PRES	He gently glides the wedge across my lips until they part and I sink my teeth into it .
tr	PAST	He scoffed at her bravado .
tr	PAST	I circled around , and ... you saw the rest . "
tr	PAST	A line of dried blood snaked down his stomach and around to his back at his waistline .
tr	PRES	" My sister-in-law . "
tr	PRES	Part of me loves seeing her happy .
tr	PAST	His face reflected disinterest .
tr	PRES	The blonde one giggles .
tr	PRES	" This won 't work , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Zoe crawled out head first .
tr	PRES	" An assault ? "
tr	PAST	By the time Luis was on his fifth drink , the bartender announced the amateur dancing contest .
tr	PRES	" I belong to you . "
tr	PRES	" Come on , Princess .
tr	PAST	McBride sensed that they were on a motorway , or at least a dual carriageway .
tr	PAST	The lift rumbled on up to floor 36 .
tr	PAST	I crawled in the back of my truck and lay down , staring at the cloudless sky .
tr	PAST	Clicking my tongue , I pretended to be offended . "
tr	PRES	I snap back to reality .
tr	PAST	Alice 's father , " she added , when Dreamer looked puzzled .
tr	PAST	One lady collapsed to her knees and pressed her forehead against the ground .
tr	PAST	Rachel inhaled his sweet , musky scent as he ran his tongue along her lips .
tr	PRES	He deserves to be punished .
tr	PAST	Some of the anxiety eased from her , a small smile curved her mouth as she watched him .
tr	PAST	My belly -- or something lower -- dove when I let myself imagine the dusting of dark blond hair that was sprinkled across that forearm .
tr	PRES	So without further ado , back from their trip home tae the States , Milk presents The Stolen . "
tr	PRES	We ' ll fix that , then tell William . "
tr	PAST	" Got no jammies .
tr	PRES	" A giant cliff that falls off into nowhere .
tr	PRES	My mother visits a few times a year and insists that they remain on the menu . "
tr	PRES	" Good morning to you , Lady Tasha , " he mumbled in his surprisingly soft and nervous voice .
tr	PRES	She hates me . "
tr	PRES	" Even matches ? "
tr	PRES	The next position allows the user to open it for full contact as it is used under the pool .
tr	PAST	~ As had happened for the past two weeks or so , fourteen-year-old Chris Duggan awoke to the sound of scratching at the window above his bed .
tr	PRES	No women , " Greg whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Feeling like quite the do-it-yourselfers , we giggled all the way back to our campsite .
tr	PRES	" You reap what you sow .
tr	PAST	Doug 's sigh rumbled from deep within his chest .
tr	PAST	He sensed the dark well of intensity in her , and it was getting to him .
tr	PRES	But then when he looked back at me , it freaked me out .
tr	PAST	The two poachers donned their own packs , and we made our way back towards where Kyle had last been seen .
tr	PRES	You think shuffling us off to Donovan clears you ?
tr	PRES	And everyone loves you .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	' It 's like ... you know ... old folks , ' the boy mumbled .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't break in , I have a key , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	He estimated it would take thirty men joining hands to encircle it .
tr	PRES	Already she dreaded their lunch .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Jin froze in his tracks and his eyes widened .
tr	PAST	From within the bag he produced a small jar containing a powdery substance .
tr	PAST	I surmised I must be outside and the blue was the sky .
tr	PRES	" The McGill ! "
tr	PRES	" How generous of you .
tr	PRES	" I 'm trying , " I mutter , sucking air .
tr	PRES	" What about Lake ?
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned a few buttons of his crisp white shirt , stretched his neck from side to side , and reached for his phone .
tr	PRES	Then without thinking , I lean in and press mine against them .
tr	PRES	The random one night stands .
tr	PRES	" It just tastes like water . "
tr	PRES	How Chloe used him to fuel the drive for her narcissistic urge for self-preservation .
tr	PRES	" Did he threaten you ? "
tr	PRES	He stops when I am back to my original position from when I first tried to restrain him , one knee on either side of his chest .
tr	PAST	He accompanied them back to the carriage .
tr	PAST	I attempted to stretch my body and got both a pleasant relief from my long rested muscles and a dull ache from my head .
tr	PRES	She giggles again and her eyes dance with amusement as she brings them to mine .
tr	PAST	Gwen sensed my embarrassment and changed the subject .
tr	PAST	Nothing distinguished them from those around them except what would have distinguished them had they been alive .
tr	PRES	" What about Viola ? "
tr	PRES	He parks in the same parking spot .
tr	PAST	A small smile curved Arianna 's mouth , but there was no humor in it .
tr	PAST	He eyed the girl benignly .
tr	PRES	" So many kings ; what will you do with all of them , Princess ? "
tr	PRES	He flips the pil ow and slaps it , fluffing it .
tr	PAST	Sweat itched across her scalp .
tr	PAST	Adjusting his aim , he slowly exhaled until there was no more air left in his lungs .
tr	PAST	I silently prayed that Scott hadn 't accidentally drowned her .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply trying to keep control of myself .
tr	PRES	Kira stands next to me , wearing something different than she had on at school .
tr	PAST	She doubted they 'd be able to .
tr	PAST	Evelyn quickly stripped off the apron , wadded it up , and put it in a basket of other dirty laundry in the corner of the room .
tr	PAST	" No , " I gritted out , not ready to play the doting and loving husband to her just yet .
tr	PRES	" Simon , I only have two loves in my life .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Xavier ? "
tr	PAST	Marguerite 's mouth curved up with affectionate amusement .
tr	PRES	And two packs of matches .
tr	PRES	" I still don 't understand why you 're here , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Nina brings out the food .
tr	PAST	Skylar , Emily , and Jeremy regarded her with stunned amazement .
tr	PRES	The pleasurable sensation at my ear helps to distract me from the massive pressure I feel pressing into me .
tr	PAST	Finally the one vocal girl piped up , " Can we have your autograph ? "
tr	PAST	Gregori merged with her so that he could feel her thoughts , know whatever it was that she was feeling .
tr	PRES	" That explains Caria this morning , at any rate . "
tr	PAST	Nisha picked up the name tag closest to her , one for a girl named Amanda Pfeiffer .
tr	PAST	He bribed Judge Fawcett with $ 500,000 to save his nephew , and the judge screwed him .
tr	PAST	He exhaled as he shook his head .
tr	PRES	The Head of the Confederation remains silent for a few seconds .
tr	PAST	She protected herself as well .
tr	PAST	You have half-brothers you need to - ' ' Don 't talk about them , ' he uttered .
tr	PRES	You affect it , strengthen it just with your presence .
tr	PRES	" That explains it .
tr	PRES	Heat rises upward , burning heat .
tr	PRES	Realm considers my question for a long moment .
tr	PAST	Hemp 's eyes brightened .
tr	PAST	A tiny moan vibrated up her throat , and Elizabeth surrendered .
tr	PAST	James grunted and left slamming the door behind him .
tr	PRES	Jase glances at me .
tr	PAST	I inched forward with the line .
tr	PRES	" He hates to let people go once he 's caught them . "
tr	PRES	" Well , it occurs to me .
tr	PRES	' What about Jesus ? '
tr	PAST	Oriole stole a glance at Fred as she continued to record her notes .
tr	PAST	A suave leading man in his Sunday worst , looking nothing like the drool worthy eye candy women flocked to the cinema to see .
tr	PAST	A slow smile curved his lips .
tr	PRES	" I represent ATI , Incorporated , if that 's what you mean . "
tr	PRES	His dark hair held highlights from the sun , and his face had at least three days ' growth of whiskers around his goatee .
tr	PAST	Please come up , please come up , Emily willed , searching for Jordan 's head .
tr	PAST	He collapsed and fell from the roof .
tr	PRES	The waitress frowns at my language and also probably because the conversation has headed in a strange direction .
tr	PAST	She protected her face with her sword , pushing him away from her with both hands , and then she attacked without uttering a word .
tr	PRES	" Prince Sadi ? "
tr	PRES	Her last words to me echo in my brain : He didn 't want me here .
tr	PRES	So what brings you up to the tenth floor ? "
tr	PAST	I preferred to keep it that way , too , because they would probably lock me up in some facility and try to study me .
tr	PAST	Today he defended my attacks with all the spirit in him ; they only made him redouble his strokes .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't I tell you she wiser ' n most men ?
tr	PAST	" Da , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	With her free hand she reaches over to grasp the hilt of the blade .
tr	PAST	His hands dropped to her hips , thumbs hooked in the strings of her panties , and pulled them over her hips .
tr	PAST	She tensed in his arms .
tr	PAST	Camille stares at her , with love and fear and apprehension .
tr	PAST	And I trusted in what my uncles and Joseph said to do .
tr	PRES	" Payback 's a bitch , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Right now , from me , " he whispers against my mouth .
tr	PAST	Jenny could feel something in her relax slightly , a mystery solved .
tr	PAST	One that was always flat and so cold , clipped with a hard accent - " this time we 've been instructed to use gas on you .
tr	PRES	A short Regulator climbs down the ladder , approaching the gang of citizens near the dead bodies .
tr	PAST	If his assessment of the situation was correct , he doubted they would be waiting long .
tr	PAST	The Falcon slapped her again and she fell down under the onslaught .
tr	PRES	' Hi , little fella . '
tr	PAST	Drake stiffened at the vampire 's words .
tr	PRES	" Just to make sure you don 't wobble , " he teased .
tr	PRES	' And even then only at the most isolated towers .
tr	PAST	She eyed the trapdoor Mother had forbidden her to enter .
tr	PAST	The ball of energy wavered and then disappeared as shadows grew around the body again .
tr	PAST	A noisy screech filled the air as the metal behemoth inched slowly wider , wider , exposing a black throat leading into further darkness .
tr	PRES	She pops a mint into her mouth and closes the tin .
tr	PRES	" How do you tune that stone ? "
tr	PRES	" Thanks for coming out , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	The bank offers many varieties of checks that you can order from their website as well .
tr	PAST	As I chewed on the first bite , the melted chocolate swirled with the juice of the strawberry , taking over my mouth .
tr	PRES	Finding no other troops in the area they dismount their horses .
tr	PRES	He snaps open his jaws and releases a powerful blast at Warrior .
tr	PRES	Especially not one as immature as she was .
tr	PRES	He lays his hand on his chest .
tr	PRES	" And stops your heart . "
tr	PRES	Robbie stands and begins pacing the room as he talks .
tr	PRES	He gazes up at me suddenly .
tr	PRES	As the night goes on , the porch fills up with more people , and , particularly , more women .
tr	PAST	I 've , accidentally , created the illusion of wealth . '
tr	PRES	Winkler wishes to bestow that honor upon Lissa . "
tr	PAST	The spear extended three feet forward .
tr	PAST	He swiped his phone across the kiosk to pay for a ticket , then sat in the first train that arrived on the underground track .
tr	PRES	He explains , and the video ends .
tr	PAST	I pitched my voice low , casting a glance at Spence , who stood like a ghost beside Tegan .
tr	PAST	I hacked into a new game still under development in Korea that features special forces combat teams .
tr	PRES	I anxiously await your response .
tr	PAST	Knowing my fiancé , I doubted he 'd left me alone .
tr	PRES	That gash in her chin .
tr	PRES	With a sound of disgust that dug into my heart , Nic preceded Jessie out of the apartment .
tr	PRES	Go fuck yourself . "
tr	PRES	The Port Charlotte Yacht Club . "
tr	PAST	It unfolded a pair of giant veiny wings .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and gulped for air .
tr	PAST	Maxi giggled and held out her hand .
tr	PAST	He stole a glance at her .
tr	PAST	" They messed with Trevor , but this also means they not only know about my grandpa but now think he 's a threat .
tr	PRES	" Most impressive . "
tr	PAST	Matthew exhaled as Finch turned and started off down the hall .
tr	PRES	That explains all the questions . "
tr	PRES	The house opens up to a courtyard in the back , and it 's immense and in quite good shape . "
tr	PRES	" I appreciate that , captain , but we hired you to find Amanda .
tr	PRES	I gape at her .
tr	PRES	" Christmas miracle ? "
tr	PRES	In a 12 year-old girl 's world , this way of life certainly applies .
tr	PAST	The decoration of Madeleine proved to be a strange start to a strange day .
tr	PRES	" You snuck on the boat ? "
tr	PRES	I stem the flow with my sleeve , but Flynn notices the blood and he leaps to his feet looking concerned .
tr	PAST	" Do not touch any of them , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	They say he hates the living so much , he reaches into the living world and pulls their hearts right out of their bodies . "
tr	PAST	Her entire body glowed with a magical shimmer .
tr	PRES	He stares wide-eyed at his roommate .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the doorknob wriggled .
tr	PRES	My head fel back and cool rain splattered off my cheeks .
tr	PRES	A few people shout encouragement , but mostly my fellow students don 't care .
tr	PAST	He shuffled through it until he found one of his business cards and handed it over to Tanner .
tr	PAST	Cassie jabbed a finger at him .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hand .
tr	PAST	T is better if you leave her unclothed , " Maddie advised . " '
tr	PRES	Without asking , the rather over eager zombie to my left glides my tray over and grunts into it .
tr	PAST	I exhaled as slowly as I could , and the word slipped out .
tr	PAST	On the way to the sofa the velvet petals caressed her cheek .
tr	PAST	He propped up on his elbow and stared into her green eyes .
tr	PAST	The bodies , broken , pierced and mangled .
tr	PAST	He 's The Tiger , he 's got to like a baby one , " I stated .
tr	PAST	" No , I don 't , " she stated , sighing .
tr	PRES	" Bet you wish you had come with us for a drink now , Katie . "
tr	PAST	Clint 's eyes froze upon the tub and the watery beads falling from the sponge , and everything came back to him .
tr	PRES	' It opens out at the end of the corridor right opposite the big metal security doors that lead outside . '
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , very puppy like behavior I thought , as he considered what I was offering .
tr	PRES	" Keep it together , Claire , " I murmur , and grab a handful of paper towels from the dispenser .
tr	PAST	She crawled away coughing and hitching breath in painfully .
tr	PRES	" Just one particular lass , and I 'm awfully glad she 's thinking what she is right now . "
tr	PAST	She pondered the question .
tr	PAST	His mother 's soft drawl matched everything about her .
tr	PAST	" The stuff 's drinkable , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" Are they moving , Alvin ? "
tr	PAST	Dan stepped off the platform , his briefs clutched to his chest , and took Mr. Morris ' arm so that they could plow through the crowd .
tr	PRES	She wears a good disguise .
tr	PAST	And none of them prevented Kylie from loving her .
tr	PAST	No holy mandate required .
tr	PRES	" Well -- I mean , sometimes I work late -- " " Eight ? "
tr	PRES	She ruffled her hair again .
tr	PAST	After what seemed like eternity , his breathing deepened again , and she risked slipping to the floor .
tr	PRES	He stands and walks over to the bookcase that leans against the far wall .
tr	PAST	Having done his duty by each course , he now crawled out into the garden uninvited with a little moan and collapsed into a stupor .
tr	PAST	I trusted this man with my life .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a dose of patience .
tr	PRES	He pushes me away to get a good look at me .
tr	PRES	I mumbled something that sounded like yes .
tr	PRES	Bran brings me out of my thoughts by asking , " Are you ready to leave ? "
tr	PRES	The prince stands , signaling that dinner is over .
tr	PRES	He points at the window , like the castle is somehow going to pop into view .
tr	PRES	" The Bible talks of Adam and Eve and the tree of knowledge .
tr	PRES	My entire body hums and a fuzzy sensation fills my head , making it hard to focus .
tr	PRES	" You 've been here for a long time , " she begins .
tr	PRES	He likes to keep me on the straight and narrow . "
tr	PRES	" And I assume that it 's usually locked . "
tr	PRES	She sees how you isolate yourself and shut down , barely talking to anyone , not saying nearly enough to your counselor . "
tr	PAST	The dude propped his hands on his hips and grinned .
tr	PAST	He stalked over to the bar and poured himself a drink , downing it in one gulp .
tr	PRES	" Of course I forgive you . "
tr	PRES	Will holds a black umbrella over me .
tr	PAST	Worryingly the general ripples of interest throughout the business flattened with the notion that Little Spirit 's solid rock sound offered nothing new for record buyers .
tr	PRES	" Evil , " Herr 'D on whispered .
tr	PAST	He whipped the Crown Vic around the street corners , and rolled up to the curb at the Gotcha office .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth like she had just driven over bumpy road kill then uncapped a beer for each of us .
tr	PAST	Zayne tipped his head back and sighed .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through me until I couldn 't breathe .
tr	PRES	Isaac stands above him without a scratch .
tr	PRES	" Push your way back into her life ?
tr	PRES	" The Hunter never misses . "
tr	PAST	# # # # # # # # From Will 's journals : April 29 .
tr	PAST	Then I yawned widely , stretching out my arms to their maximum reach , and touched feathers .
tr	PRES	Another blink and the Sentinel 's body launches into the air .
tr	PRES	An excruciating , unrelenting , merciless inferno .
tr	PAST	She hauled in some books and magazines and tried to appear concerned .
tr	PRES	" I just ... " Emma begins , then attempts to find some kind of more acceptable answer .
tr	PRES	Nobody misses the way the man 's eyes light up hungrily .
tr	PAST	So he cleaned the empty stables , weeded in the garden , and gathered firewood .
tr	PAST	He unzipped it , taking out the Legion cape and tying it around the base of his neck .
tr	PAST	Around the area , torchlight wavered .
tr	PRES	" We belong together , just like the song .
tr	PRES	He loves you ; you know that .
tr	PRES	I lean against the dusty garage wall and fold my arms .
tr	PAST	Then he put the gun away and took me home , he acted sweet again , like he used to .
tr	PAST	Just like that , jealousy awoke inside him , a beast far more ferocious than Pain , screaming inside his head , scratching at his skull .
tr	PRES	' More mysteries ? '
tr	PAST	She motioned to the clean kitchen and the groceries yet to be put away .
tr	PRES	Minna stands up again , though very slowly .
tr	PRES	I assume Romano has more than an idle interest in the casino .
tr	PAST	Katie unzipped her purse and began to search around it .
tr	PRES	Callie stands to the side of me as I hand the guy in the booth some money in exchange for five darts .
tr	PRES	" Ain 't just me , Tench .
tr	PRES	With one hand , he whipped out a handful of coins and Pushed them against his opponents .
tr	PRES	" Does it occur to you in other places ?
tr	PRES	" That pretty much describes it , yes .
tr	PAST	His breathing slowed as the nauseating effects of the cellar waned .
tr	PAST	A few yards from me he collapsed to his knees and the light swallowed him .
tr	PAST	He rummaged in the clothes he 'd left on the floor and brought out his cravat .
tr	PRES	The buildings , houses , and roads buckle and are consumed by the Earth in places .
tr	PAST	Jaxon circled his neck with her arms , leaning close to him , skin to skin , heart to heart .
tr	PAST	He circled the table and sat opposite her .
tr	PRES	" Him forgive me ?
tr	PAST	Still , I wait , every muscle tensed for their reply .
tr	PAST	The pressure in Josephine 's head exploded and agony ripped through her body .
tr	PRES	He holds up his wrist .
tr	PRES	We are all free , " Blade states .
tr	PRES	" Poor Persephone . "
tr	PAST	He waddled up the ramp with the grace of a badger through tall grass .
tr	PRES	It helps balance my personalities , ' ' What did he say about what is happening ? '
tr	PRES	And cereal , shoot , cereal never fills me up .
tr	PRES	And so it went , Laura with Leslie in tow , intent on repaying what was done for her by doing unto others .
tr	PAST	Her mother feared her .
tr	PRES	After spending a surreal night focusing entirely on the tiger , Timothy returns to his dorm room .
tr	PRES	" Comfy seating . "
tr	PAST	" It 's a cemetery , " Julian grunted .
tr	PRES	" He told me he loves me , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" If you 're trying to make him angrier , you 're succeeding , " Zelda points out , preparing to defend herself .
tr	PAST	I joked with him .
tr	PRES	Startled , I whirl around toward the back door .
tr	PRES	" I need a cigarette or something , " Ty mumbled .
tr	PRES	He stretches one more time , then slowly climbs to his feet , careful not to twist his injured knee .
tr	PRES	And with her grimace he changed it to be , " Or he loves you in ways that you 'd prefer he butt out of ? "
tr	PAST	Kate elbowed his shin and screamed , " Stop .
tr	PAST	" Come , you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts !
tr	PRES	Our bodies and minds undergo radical internal shifts so we can handle our new abilities .
tr	PAST	" You faked making out on the end of the dock at the party last Friday ?
tr	PAST	Perhaps he just acted cool , to hide his feelings .
tr	PRES	" Don 't know , Adela .
tr	PRES	That brings me small relief .
tr	PAST	They provoked them by throwing rocks and picking fights .
tr	PRES	He scoots in close , grabbing my hips and pulling me snugly into the V of his legs , pressing his chest to my back .
tr	PAST	She collapsed where she stood .
tr	PAST	He carefully withdrew the blade and laid it on the plate .
tr	PAST	Instead of speaking , Stephen grunted in pain as the redheaded woman began to remove his bandage .
tr	PRES	Then , something blocks the pathway , a shadow falling from a roof .
tr	PRES	When she came to , Nolan was jerking against her , his hips flexing in wild abandon as he lost himself inside her quivering body .
tr	PRES	I purr the closest thing to a yes that I can manage .
tr	PAST	She nuzzled his hand as she stroked his thigh .
tr	PRES	He brings in buckets of water and lays out his tools in a neat arc next to the clay . "
tr	PAST	Ben crawled across the covers and burrowed down between them .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap wide as soon as she says it , clearly the words an accidental falter of the lips .
tr	PRES	" Um Savannah ? "
tr	PAST	Ethan immediately extended it to Darius .
tr	PAST	The bizarre woman downed her drink and ordered a second .
tr	PAST	A big man whose wavy red hair fell to his shoulders slapped his thigh and let out a booming laugh .
tr	PAST	" Leah , sweetheart , can you look at me ? "
tr	PAST	But Rachel doubted the team would find any fingerprints on the scene .
tr	PRES	An explosion of anger rips through me .
tr	PRES	" Your First Lord lies near death .
tr	PRES	" A temple . "
tr	PAST	She regarded the bridge before her .
tr	PAST	In serious stalking mode , we split up and approached from different angles .
tr	PRES	" My hero . "
tr	PAST	" You 're so demanding , " I accused .
tr	PRES	The little boy lets out a disappointed groan , and Trevor says , " You 're tellin ' me . "
tr	PAST	As they dropped below the crest , the noise subsided dramatically .
tr	PAST	When her fingers reached the button above my fly , her hand froze before dropping away .
tr	PRES	The pep rally before the bonfire featured the Powder Puff football game and the guys in cheerleader outfits .
tr	PAST	" We received a call ... " The officer repeated .
tr	PAST	At least he didn 't try to attack me with a chainsaw , " Al joked .
tr	PRES	I ' ve met some people that I am quite fond of , Miss Raven .
tr	PRES	" As you wish , little witch . "
tr	PRES	" He enters a room and everyone loses their brains .
tr	PAST	As soon as he had a clear line of sight , his pace slowed .
tr	PAST	He sat on the stool by her bed , hands clasped with his elbows on his knees , watching her by the faint light of a lantern .
tr	PAST	" Introductions have just begun , Mr. Whitfield .
tr	PRES	But even more thankful that I was allowed to drive myself that morning .
tr	PRES	" She hates working days .
tr	PAST	She exhaled in a rush .
tr	PAST	The length of my acquaintance required loyalty to Lester who , even if she left , I 'd have to see again .
tr	PAST	Instead , I creep along the street , curious at the sight before me .
tr	PAST	He tugged her close and whispered .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her wrist .
tr	PAST	He half bent over in reaction as the trembling started , and he grabbed at Ty 's shoulder as he started to come , teeth gritted .
tr	PRES	The pirate 's breath stank of rum and salt pork .
tr	PAST	He eyed her suspiciously , then looked down at his own nudity .
tr	PAST	Crashing my head back down on my pillow , I exhaled .
tr	PRES	They went through the wedding ritual , exchanged vows and sped off to the reception at the local VFW hall .
tr	PRES	But Thayer gazes at me as though he 's reading my mind .
tr	PRES	I believe the lady of this house wears Jungle Red .
tr	PAST	" All this because he 's still angry at Carlos , " Jeff marveled .
tr	PRES	" What about the icon ? "
tr	PAST	He droned on and I had to resist the urge to whisper to Rigel , Smith ?
tr	PRES	Please wash it again . "
tr	PAST	She propped Emily against a tree and patted her cheek to rouse her .
tr	PRES	She stands over me with her feet set in defiance , a mocking smile teeters on her lips .
tr	PAST	He marveled at how Kira 's voice changed when she spoke to her sister .
tr	PRES	What bothers me is that I 'm freaking out about not knowing how to get the food .
tr	PAST	Despair skipped across his mocha features , followed by weary resolve .
tr	PAST	He slapped the other cheek and she whimpered .
tr	PAST	Lots of dark wood , flags of Ireland all over the place and even a bronze leprechaun crouched on the bar .
tr	PRES	" In the middle of Hyde Park , to be exact . "
tr	PRES	As the kitchen door closes behind her , she sees Charlie 's mother starting to hand out goblets for the juice .
tr	PRES	" Stop wasting time then or I can 't be responsible for my actions , " he teased .
tr	PAST	The FBI seized over 26,000 BTC from accounts on Silk Road website that were reported to be worth over 3 million USD at the time .
tr	PAST	He always blamed these distances on what he believed to be her homesickness for the past .
tr	PRES	" Well , blurt out , then , what does the king have to say ? "
tr	PRES	" That helps . "
tr	PRES	He reaches one hand out to steady me , and I force myself to hold still .
tr	PRES	Cricket pops back up .
tr	PAST	She soaked in the sight of his smile .
tr	PAST	Stepping into the machine , Gray endured the millimeter-wave scan of his physique as a seated technician wearing a U.S. Mint police uniform studied the small screen .
tr	PRES	I assume that the audition went well then . "
tr	PRES	Everything disappears and I disappear right along with it .
tr	PRES	" Anything to get you out of those slacks and into a dress , " Randall teased .
tr	PRES	It 's very deadly , ye ken . "
tr	PAST	Eric lingered , leaning on the railing , his leather jacket hiding his Collar .
tr	PRES	" Go , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Neither of you brings out the best in the other .
tr	PRES	The transport markers help with the return .
tr	PRES	" How cliche . "
tr	PAST	Pulled me out of the alley , dragged me to his place and ... well , it wasn 't any good . "
tr	PRES	" San Marco square , the largest in the city , " announces the Venetian proudly .
tr	PAST	But who provoked those two , our sisters ?
tr	PAST	" Not that I recall , " Silk lied blandly .
tr	PAST	They feared that the citizens would panic . "
tr	PRES	And then the memory stops .
tr	PAST	He presses a code into a panel , and a small doorway opens .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and rests his head against my stomach .
tr	PRES	When that didn 't work , he begged for a quick death .
tr	PAST	He split my lip and then threw a tissue at me and told me I 'd better not get any blood on his rug .
tr	PRES	Heads snap toward the sound .
tr	PRES	" Such a dive for a piece of trash . "
tr	PRES	" And that poor boy Rhodri hanged for it .
tr	PRES	" God sees everything I do , I assure you . "
tr	PAST	He jiggled the doorknob .
tr	PRES	You intrigue me and I like you . "
tr	PRES	As much as I hate it , he rattles me .
tr	PRES	He uses pliers to remove a red diode , and replaces it with a blue one .
tr	PRES	" Yes , will you come with us blah blah ... and it ends with a smiley face .
tr	PAST	My parents were both at the table , sections of newspaper propped up , when I got a mug from the cabinet .
tr	PAST	Made from a dark steel , the slightest shade of silver prevented it from being utterly black .
tr	PAST	He already sensed what it was she wanted to do .
tr	PAST	Fierce determination ruled the remainder of the meeting , as all the delegates focused on the survival of their way of life .
tr	PAST	' Mummy ... ' David piped anxiously , winding his little arms tightly around her neck .
tr	PRES	" My presents ! "
tr	PRES	Sunlight winks in the windows of the building across the marshy river .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hands for mine but both of us know that I can 't reach him .
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	So much for settling down in his hotel beforehand .
tr	PAST	He bounced out of bed .
tr	PAST	" I 'm finding my own place to stay , " she announced .
tr	PRES	My dad slowly holds his hands up and steps away from the doctor .
tr	PAST	After that , they slowed their pace , and the Prince lost track of time .
tr	PRES	Shock slams into me , fast and hard , and anger clouds my vision .
tr	PAST	" Rand , " he greeted his friend , hand outstretched .
tr	PRES	" She returns to you , brother .
tr	PAST	You probably thought that was from our past lives , well it wasn 't , I painted that .
tr	PRES	" ' Felix Thorne himself killed you " .
tr	PAST	Her hand clutched around her stomach .
tr	PRES	" It 's a typo , " he mumbled again and again .
tr	PRES	Nash clears his throat .
tr	PRES	And wash your hands . "
tr	PAST	Feeling like my mother lied , like she withheld information that I deserved to know .
tr	PAST	He clutched her neck hard .
tr	PRES	The sound of the waterfall redirected his focus and had him pulling ahead of the others .
tr	PRES	The councilman clears his throat .
tr	PAST	The front door buzzed and I pushed it open , dragging my suitcases behind me .
tr	PRES	The plastic snaps off , and I think I understand .
tr	PAST	It steadied Rue somehow when she realized that Sylvia was simply being matter-of-fact .
tr	PAST	When he said that , Layla kind of crumpled .
tr	PAST	When he reluctantly opened his eyes , her psychic scent still lingered , but he knew she was gone .
tr	PAST	Whoever arranged this ambush surely had people posted in the lobby , watching the front exit and elevator bay .
tr	PAST	But , Stu underestimated Marlon 's reaction .
tr	PRES	Evie flips her hair over her shoulder and stomps over to the waiting Aaron .
tr	PRES	Nihil runs towards the barricades , disappears behind a heap of rubble ; three shots in a row .
tr	PAST	If she couldn 't find something to explain things then she feared the former veteran would try to look for an answer himself .
tr	PRES	As the girl fiddles with the dial , a group begins to form around her , leaning their ears toward the little box .
tr	PRES	He opens the door of his obnoxious yellow car , and I slide inside .
tr	PAST	" I merely sought to warn you of the dangers . "
tr	PAST	" She gives good massages , " Jett chipped in , smiling cheekily and shooting me a wink .
tr	PRES	She giggles and I nudge her with my elbow , choking back a laugh .
tr	PRES	" A guy at SF Loans owes me a favor . "
tr	PRES	The door to the observation deck slides open and Aria steps in .
tr	PRES	' It tastes like aniseed balls , only it 's alcoholic . '
tr	PAST	" Oh , so they are all awake now " a voice boomed over the intercom that was in the top corner of the room .
tr	PRES	She strikes out clumsily with a foot , and I hear the tinkle of glass breaking .
tr	PRES	One man , wearing glasses , approaches her and begins examining her arms and the skin of her neck .
tr	PAST	I sensed that Franklin wasn 't using all of his great strength .
tr	PAST	They zigzagged higher and higher between the grey stones .
tr	PRES	He strokes me until my hips are jerking uncontrollably , then he pulls his fingers away and replaces them with his thick , hard length .
tr	PRES	Vanessa glances at him .
tr	PRES	The young couple that has been living next door , noticing what 's happening , wishes the family well .
tr	PRES	When we switch back , I lean my head against the window and fall asleep .
tr	PAST	Bur suddenly exclaimed , dancing around the baffled teenager .
tr	PRES	" Somebody likes you . "
tr	PAST	A girl with cheeks so red from being slapped that they glowed .
tr	PRES	Do you think that it should be you , Herr 'D on , to lead the armies against the Black Bastion ? "
tr	PRES	This brings us full circle .
tr	PAST	With a flourish and a swirl of his knee-length lilac kaftan , Ferrero exited my office .
tr	PAST	She twirled and looped through the air almost like she didn 't have a care in the world .
tr	PRES	she asked , her mouth gaping like a fish .
tr	PRES	" And what about you , Allie ? "
tr	PAST	He circled her puckered flesh , leaving a melting chocolate trail on first one hard , dusky pink areola , then the other .
tr	PAST	The old man squinted and lowered his gaze .
tr	PRES	Master Sole stands behind a desk with Roland standing on the other side .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry about it , Dad , " I reassured him .
tr	PRES	She shook her head , " Same thing , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	When he blamed me for my mother 's death .
tr	PAST	Upon impact the blade shattered .
tr	PRES	" In the ancient Hindu Vedic scriptures , they describe a plant called soma , with the same properties .
tr	PAST	" I 've bribed one of the members . "
tr	PAST	His face froze over .
tr	PAST	" We shall marry , " he announced , and turned to walk away .
tr	PRES	" Just Starbucks . "
tr	PAST	Leaving his car with the valet , he navigated the lobby to the elevators and found himself standing in front of room 218 .
tr	PAST	I attempted to stand , not wanting to annoy Mr. Johnson by being any later to chemistry than usual .
tr	PAST	Her bottom lip blanched when she bit it , but her gaze was unwavering .
tr	PAST	Her eyes were frantic , her voice panicked .
tr	PAST	" Now , " I urged , pushing the command into his mind .
tr	PRES	With that , the car begins to move through the tunnels .
tr	PRES	His appearance stops the fighting all together while everyone waits to hear what he has to say .
tr	PAST	She sped up eating in the hope of getting away from him quickly .
tr	PAST	He tugged her hand , weaving them through the press of people , not a fast trek but he was a determined man .
tr	PRES	No residual fugue from her bad experiences down here .
tr	PRES	Due to his insatiable desire to help people a Buddha experiences the World of Hunger .
tr	PAST	Still , I persisted .
tr	PAST	All of his imaginations ceased and his curiosity took over .
tr	PRES	All lies of priests and poets , child .
tr	PAST	" Fordham Heights , " I instructed the driver , not missing the sidelong glance Emily gave me .
tr	PRES	" She likes you .
tr	PRES	A dull ominous feeling begins to creep up inside .
tr	PAST	As fragile as the leaf looked , I doubted the trinket would 've still been there if a strong wind had blown through the area .
tr	PRES	Feeling a bit disoriented , I lean up against the wall and take a moment to get my bearings straight .
tr	PRES	" So it remains a theory that no one on earth can put into practice . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Georgie said , " bye . "
tr	PAST	Thinking I 've missed out , I race up to him and practically bowl him over .
tr	PRES	" More than most houses . "
tr	PRES	" Her careless words ruined everything . "
tr	PRES	She snaps the sundial closed and places it in her pocket .
tr	PRES	" Injecting the first nanites into the fluid , commencing stage one of augmentation , " Doctor Hartman announces cheerfully .
tr	PAST	No , it required injection .
tr	PRES	At last on the sidewalk , with his back against the wall , he breathes in deeply .
tr	PRES	The wolf rips at the demon 's ribcage , fangs snapping in search of guts .
tr	PRES	" Gut wounds bleed like a son of a bitch .
tr	PAST	They split in opposite directions , diving away .
tr	PAST	He dispatched his squads to additional cities .
tr	PAST	Ryland grunted , raising the weapon so it pointed directly at Steve who felt sick inside .
tr	PAST	Zara tensed at the mere mention of his name .
tr	PRES	Something shone there , a mix of trust and almost recognition .
tr	PRES	' Mummy only kills them when they come into the house and make a nuisance of themselves . '
tr	PRES	" A week , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" Oh , fuck , " Logan breathes .
tr	PAST	She wobbled there on his back , swaying dangerously back and forth , more crouched than standing .
tr	PAST	" Sit down and play while Tanner 's in the naughty chair , " she instructed , patting his shoulder .
tr	PRES	She screwed her face up in thought - what should she say ?
tr	PAST	His words jolted Painter .
tr	PRES	All about lay sleeping shapes .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " he evaded , wrapping her arm around his .
tr	PAST	The water swirled around us , rocking us violently about even in the deep waters .
tr	PAST	Mike downed the shot in one gulp .
tr	PRES	" Hey , good lookin ' ! "
tr	PRES	" What the hell , Wes ! "
tr	PAST	I trusted her so much I didn 't even think of investigating her .
tr	PRES	" Your mom loves me . "
tr	PRES	I flinch as if jolted with electricity and immediately slide a foot away from Isaiah .
tr	PAST	" I mean , we elected you . "
tr	PRES	She reaches down underneath the sink and pulls out a bottle of peroxide .
tr	PRES	Finn glanced down at his hand after the cards were dealt , his face expressionless .
tr	PRES	" I disapprove of such ... unconventional stratagems , Captain .
tr	PAST	' I-I 'm sorry , ' she uttered .
tr	PRES	Each players ' bright orange jersey emblazoned with big white block numbers shone immaculate , a pristine state of uniform soon to be altered on the gridiron .
tr	PAST	Before he could focus and search the surrounding area , the bushes rustled on his right and another man burst from concealment .
tr	PAST	Tara clasped her hands on her lap .
tr	PAST	Linda stiffened and grabbed her glass .
tr	PRES	When he says he is Chosen , she never even considers questioning him .
tr	PAST	The walls shrieked their pain , then started to slowly seal as if blankets returning to sleep , calling back the data streams loosened from the wrench .
tr	PAST	The scent of yellow mustard tickled Emma 's nose , and a soft breeze whispered across the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	Her gut seized as the shilling dropped .
tr	PRES	She pushes up the sleeves of her shirt .
tr	PAST	He flapped his wing tips , which pushed him higher into the sky , and landed on one of the rooftops .
tr	PAST	' As you can imagine Martin , our views were dramatically changed when the same thing happened to Sarah , ' stated Davila .
tr	PRES	" Specifically , a pacemaker that 's sending wireless signals back to the hospital . "
tr	PRES	My gaze involuntarily flicks to his lips .
tr	PAST	Grappling hooks bounced over the Bella Nicola 's deck .
tr	PRES	" Could you spare me for a week ? "
tr	PRES	Edgar also describes the cat as trying to get up enough ambition to go hunt in the field for small mice .
tr	PRES	Johan shone his torch on a sign which an arrow pointing up which said BIG CATS and one pointing right which said MONKEY HOUSE .
tr	PRES	" That Brand girl ... she shouldn 't be out there without heat , or even a telephone . "
tr	PAST	" But they can lock you up and make sure you don 't use it by chaining your hands , " aired Stephanie after much thought .
tr	PRES	" The most powerful , hmm ?
tr	PAST	Mort flicked a nervous glance at me and said , " Not much . "
tr	PAST	He whipped the car onto the shoulder and threw it into park .
tr	PRES	A picture of Damien 's face flashes into my mind .
tr	PAST	I exited the car and walked solemnly to the gates .
tr	PAST	The man with the rifle inched forward and turned a little until he felt the corner of the pillar between his shoulder blades .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked toward the main door .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his damp forehead against her cheek .
tr	PAST	Above her , leaves rustled in the wind .
tr	PAST	" Take it away , " he instructed the waiter .
tr	PRES	Yamhill stands and says .
tr	PAST	I eyed her bare feet .
tr	PRES	The mattress squeaks as Seth gets up from the bed and steps into my line of vision .
tr	PAST	But as he turned the SUV onto the street leading to Haley 's apartment complex , his thoughts strayed to his other dilemma .
tr	PRES	Rann twirls me around the floor , slowly .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Horace .
tr	PAST	She propped her chin on his chest and grinned .
tr	PAST	Ignoring her murderous look , he flung his wet body into the seat , forcing her to move over or be crushed .
tr	PRES	More blood just enraged the others .
tr	PAST	She yawned and he thought that would be the end of their sharing .
tr	PRES	Once I am on my feet he releases it , but not before giving it a slight squeeze .
tr	PAST	The dress matched my fiery red hair , high heels , and a string of pearls .
tr	PAST	A diagnostic revealed no damage , of course .
tr	PRES	Yet another hollow passageway of wood and moss , and Rift 's focus returns to reveal he is hopelessly lost .
tr	PAST	He collapsed to his knees while I fought to hold him .
tr	PRES	Then the door opens and the screaming minions return , along with my mother .
tr	PAST	Regret floated around in the haze of my bleeding , so my eyes were closed when the shots were fired .
tr	PAST	He slapped her and her head jerked sideways .
tr	PRES	" Recorder Hall . "
tr	PAST	I cinched up my pride .
tr	PAST	Suddenly furious , Corinne attempted to reach around Dayan to grab Lisa 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	He sought light and imagined that each star represented a holy prophet or saint , each standing for the pure light of Buddha .
tr	PAST	I crouched low , spinning my leg as I 'd been taught by Ryan and knocked the creatures together .
tr	PAST	They trusted each other , rarely fought , and she loved him .
tr	PRES	" Compassionate Lord Jesus . "
tr	PRES	" Not a fish . "
tr	PAST	Better than I even dreamed . '
tr	PAST	" Take him below , " Pierre instructed with a stern voice .
tr	PRES	Too much beer always brings out the brotherly love . "
tr	PAST	Sometimes we also stole the change they had in their pockets .
tr	PAST	I sped through the streets , lost myself in the frenzy , gave in to the need to escape even when I knew I never could .
tr	PAST	Anna crawled across the floor and caught her breath before she could speak .
tr	PRES	A cacophony of sounds resonated in the room , their phones ringing at the same time , including Staffan 's .
tr	PRES	He reaches for a few strands of my hair , twining them around his finger .
tr	PAST	J hopped atop a crate and delivered a solid sock to the jaw .
tr	PAST	Panicked , he slapped my arm .
tr	PRES	" I don 't get it , " I mutter , turning back to Callie .
tr	PRES	Hartman glides up to the rail and looks down .
tr	PAST	" We invented it . "
tr	PRES	A hundred grand ? "
tr	PAST	She sought and found the stupid sign on the door where it hung on the inside doorknob , and she cursed .
tr	PRES	Me telling the male that Barton is an alien only allows me to use him against Barton .
tr	PRES	Make a joyful song to the Lord ; sing praise .
tr	PAST	He tipped his forehead to another Monet .
tr	PAST	An enormous mirrored wall reflected an expansive view of the opposite lakeshore .
tr	PRES	Gage helps steady my hand while he glues the other side .
tr	PAST	She dared not forage for them under the threat of swamp fever .
tr	PAST	Nick smacked him in the chest .
tr	PAST	The loud roar of the water transformed into the soothing ebb and flow of ocean waves .
tr	PAST	Patterson flattened himself to the sandy ditch dropping the money and bringing the rifle up ready .
tr	PRES	The door pops open behind me , letting out lamplight and warm air .
tr	PAST	" My mother was French-Canadian , " Delilah revealed .
tr	PRES	Fred clears his throat .
tr	PRES	" Not my type and way too much maintenance . "
tr	PAST	Verity stifled a small shiver .
tr	PAST	My jaw tensed and my teeth ground together as I held back the urge to vomit all over their feet .
tr	PRES	" The actor ? "
tr	PAST	Astrid clutched it close to her chest , longing for it to be Luka instead .
tr	PAST	She slapped him full across the face .
tr	PRES	" Elliot Phelps . "
tr	PAST	" Very sexy , really . "
tr	PRES	" A person whom I had lost ... Me .
tr	PAST	" I received a coded cable early this morning . "
tr	PAST	And some youngsters claimed they saw him haunting the graveyard !
tr	PRES	" But Penny ? "
tr	PAST	His black gaze was hard , his tone tormented .
tr	PRES	His hand pushes my hair to the side , away from my cheek .
tr	PRES	He loves you , but he rolled over on you as soon as the cops questioned him .
tr	PRES	He chokes out the answer , barely audible : " My life . "
tr	PRES	" Are there no spare parts ? "
tr	PAST	Blue eyes pierced through me , making me melt .
tr	PAST	We both froze against one another .
tr	PRES	We settle the twins and Gabriel volunteers to stay with them so I can check on Marcus myself and if Eva needs any help .
tr	PRES	" Low snap out of it .
tr	PAST	She giggled at the idea of his broad shoulders trying to fit into her much smaller shirt .
tr	PRES	" Soon , " he said , the word actually vibrating with hope .
tr	PRES	A few years of feasting and ruling , then chop - and make way for a new administration .
tr	PRES	" That 's ridiculous , Mitch .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a big breath , finding serenity for the first time all night .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , witches never exposed themselves to a human .
tr	PRES	She pushes her hair behind her ear .
tr	PAST	Cassandra thanked her , then went back to work while Kat left her alone .
tr	PRES	The tall grass around us begins blowing wildly as the sleek silver vessel starts descending from the sky .
tr	PAST	" How can you say Shakespeare was a hack , " inquired a man in laced collar a few seats down .
tr	PAST	He braced his hands on his thighs and rose from his seat , crossing until he stood before her .
tr	PRES	" True , my blessed vessel holds wine converted into the blood of Christ . "
tr	PRES	" She didn 't turn you down , bro .
tr	PAST	She divided it between them both .
tr	PAST	He scrolled through his contacts until he got to the right number and called him .
tr	PRES	" Are you challenging me , pet ? "
tr	PRES	" Then , for God 's sake , swim ! "
tr	PAST	she countered , smoothing one finger down the windowpane , following the trail of a single raindrop .
tr	PAST	She , alone , awoke the hungry beast in him .
tr	PAST	She toured the other classes and was able to note their needs .
tr	PRES	Then , before my eyes , it changes .
tr	PAST	You looked really shaky coming down from the hills , " Finn inquired .
tr	PAST	I scooted backward until my butt smacked against the red spinning lights mounted near the front of the ambulance .
tr	PAST	I sobbed until my vision blurred .
tr	PRES	Sorrow flashes through me .
tr	PRES	She mumbled it all through a mouth covered with pillow .
tr	PAST	" Come on Tony , " Alex piped up .
tr	PRES	I really screwed up . "
tr	PRES	Their legs bow outward differently than mine or even Vel 's for that matter , so we can 't manage a perfect match .
tr	PAST	Klaudia scooted closer to Aria .
tr	PRES	" Did you ... " I hesitate , touching the hem of the shirt I 'm wearing .
tr	PRES	Braden says tightly , his eyes resting on me .
tr	PRES	Myths and rumors surround Oscar .
tr	PAST	I doubted Nate would have any problems with added protection for me , so I was pretty sure I was looking at my new roommate .
tr	PAST	' We cleaned them out a while back , but I keep thinking there 's a few we missed . '
tr	PRES	" Yet here I stand , " Aria states .
tr	PAST	' No argument from me about that . '
tr	PAST	But when the giant trolls swerved to follow , each step pounding the ground like an earthquake , the line of spearmen wavered .
tr	PRES	Those machine pistols . "
tr	PRES	Everything else matches perfectly . "
tr	PRES	" Being a member of the Dallas Pack holds a certain amount of prestige . "
tr	PRES	Penny hates that smell , and now that I think about it , I do , too .
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved his mouth , failing to light his eyes .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her t-shirt and ran a hand back through her loose hair .
tr	PAST	I froze on the doorstep .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand to Lucas , who was puzzled by the action .
tr	PRES	" You belong in the forest . "
tr	PAST	I lied to you , betrayed you , and ultimately , ruined your life .
tr	PRES	Not everyone plays hide the salami with teenage boys . "
tr	PAST	I slowed for a moment , but Cole shoved me ahead .
tr	PRES	" Go away , " I shout then devour Ella with my lips again as I unhook her bra and slip the straps from her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Wells charged , onwards and upwards until the dot inside his visor that represented him came close to the one that represented the boy .
tr	PAST	Have you perused Hawthorne 's journal since I gave it to you ? "
tr	PAST	After pot sticking , we retreated to the hot tub .
tr	PRES	The Alliance wishes to keep you safe .
tr	PAST	The mountain flattened before them for less than six meters before rising again .
tr	PAST	Kylie considered Della and the emotional baggage she carted around .
tr	PAST	Dee collapsed back on the table , exhausted .
tr	PRES	" This place brings up bad memories . "
tr	PRES	" And no light except what was in that little star bal .
tr	PAST	Jayden defended their actions .
tr	PRES	Alice pushes herself more firmly against the door .
tr	PRES	I ditch past Gage just barely .
tr	PRES	Gabriel opens it revealing the concerned faces of Emma and Victor .
tr	PRES	Trips We pul up in front of Henry 's trailer , and Dad goes inside .
tr	PAST	With that , he stormed from the room , shutting the door behind him .
tr	PAST	" And you collected them ? "
tr	PRES	... Are going to steal a guitar . "
tr	PAST	Chapter 26 Everyone froze .
tr	PAST	Anderton inquired , amused .
tr	PAST	She dreamed of those worlds and would have given anything to sail on the endless Seas of the Universe .
tr	PAST	The laird stiffened and then turned slowly back to stare at her .
tr	PAST	You can do it , " Meg taunted him as he set up to put for par .
tr	PRES	He rips the bracelet right off my arm and flings it to the sideline .
tr	PAST	The airplane banked , making a slow wide circle in the air .
tr	PAST	Then her cell phone chimed .
tr	PAST	Working up the courage , I fling his hand off my leg .
tr	PAST	" I have no doubts , " Creme volunteered .
tr	PAST	I race toward Nicholas and Kayla as Andrew rushes through the door to us all .
tr	PRES	Rory 's fingers gripped his head , her nails leaving the most delicious little stinging bites in his scalp .
tr	PAST	Then he palmed both of her cheeks and pushed upward and out so that she was spread to him .
tr	PAST	The man leaped up , like he had wings , and perched atop the sedan , standing on one foot , perfectly balanced .
tr	PRES	He refuses to twirl his noodles around his fork .
tr	PRES	" Did I scare you with my words ? "
tr	PRES	When Micha catches me checking him out , he winks at me .
tr	PRES	" Call Elijah here now ! "
tr	PAST	They referred to the area by its old name , the Ozark Mountains of Arkansas .
tr	PRES	The closer we get to Flagstaff , the more dramatically the scenery changes once more .
tr	PRES	" And here I thought ' t was my submissive side you liked so well , " she teased . " '
tr	PRES	When the average person thinks of the Conglomerate , he sees an ineffectual organization that has no might or military force with which to enforce its will .
tr	PAST	The simple cut of the gown highlighted the perfection of her body and her generous curves .
tr	PRES	" I 'll carry that for you , Mr. President , " the agent offers , and picks up the dead buck without waiting for an answer .
tr	PAST	Once the two scholars were out of sight , Auron readied his lightning spell .
tr	PRES	" Mother begged me to leave . "
tr	PRES	" The dungeon ? "
tr	PAST	She marveled at her husband 's restraint .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to the jungle ?
tr	PRES	Papers littered the floor , a window gaping open .
tr	PAST	More bullets zipped down the hallway , one shattering a mirror as I ran by it .
tr	PAST	The shady lady tugged on his shirt .
tr	PAST	Her hand froze as yet another memory wrapped itself around her heart .
tr	PAST	I 'll stay , " I lied .
tr	PRES	I spare him a sideways glance .
tr	PRES	He slowly opens his eyes .
tr	PRES	In meteorites , though , the nickel content falls within a midrange set of values .
tr	PAST	She marches over and sees Elena and before I can even think , she gives Elena the bird .
tr	PRES	the lady doc snaps at him .
tr	PRES	When Mike moans again , Marie glances over to him .
tr	PAST	Abruptly one of the beasts jagged sideways and rammed into Counter .
tr	PAST	While pondering how long it had been since my attackers left me in my makeshift prison , another thought wriggled its way into my brain .
tr	PAST	The dots in the sky circled lower , and the birds appeared to grow as they descended .
tr	PRES	" Did it scare you ? "
tr	PRES	I ' ll give you my number .
tr	PRES	No one likes you . "
tr	PAST	They crouched down in the grass .
tr	PAST	" If you don 't move right along I 'll have to issue you a citation , " the officer stated .
tr	PRES	" I shouldn 't have mentioned that , " he mumbled as he went out the door .
tr	PAST	Brent lingered in his crouched position for a moment of contemplation , before he finally relented and stood up .
tr	PRES	Oh , okay , " she snaps , flinging back the covers .
tr	PAST	He stated that with emphasis and a slight shrug that told her he wasn 't going to argue her skill set any longer .
tr	PRES	Therefore a few days after procreation , the new being enters the world of the adults .
tr	PRES	" Okay , let 's assume Peter was alive and your family ... " " Our family , Johnny , you are one of us . "
tr	PAST	A tiny sailboat floated across the view , its yellow sails bright and cheerful against the sky .
tr	PAST	His kisses chased away all the what-ifs and strange feelings that had twisted inside me .
tr	PRES	It throws off my momentum and my knee kind of brushes his pants and I lose my balance .
tr	PRES	" Maybe Richard or Sam , " she stated at last , " But certainly not Charles .
tr	PRES	" They belong with their families . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm sure Callum will be delighted to receive both your congratulatory kisses , " Regan stated , smiling with great humor at Sonia .
tr	PRES	( Then , these little darlings arrive ?
tr	PRES	Keith 's house borders the ocean .
tr	PAST	His brother , he entertained no doubt .
tr	PAST	Lashes backwards with its scaly tail , driving itself at me .
tr	PRES	Reaching behind him to grab a towel , he begins to pat me dry as his eyes rove my body .
tr	PAST	She flattened one hand against the office door , pushed and walked inside .
tr	PRES	" But what about Ken ? "
tr	PAST	His scowl deepened to that familiar level .
tr	PAST	The sunlight coming from above the oak tree brightened his tanned skin .
tr	PRES	He glances around the dark room and then a devilish grin rises on his face .
tr	PAST	" What about a little compassion ? "
tr	PAST	I shuffled and scuffed the floor with my trainer .
tr	PAST	I inhaled slowly and tried to breathe through the agony .
tr	PRES	I recall dissecting one in high school , myself .
tr	PAST	I thanked her , and took her hand in mine and told her she was kind .
tr	PAST	Her job took its toll in energy , and normally by Friday night , Carol collapsed the moment she got into bed , waking refreshed Saturday morning .
tr	PRES	He winks at her .
tr	PRES	" Revenge , lass .
tr	PRES	" Why preach this religion to me ? "
tr	PAST	We split off early , Rob and I first going to the tunnel and setting ropes for the people to climb down .
tr	PAST	Noah cocked his head , pretending to consider that for a moment .
tr	PAST	Macon swirled the ice in his glass .
tr	PAST	He then slapped it to his teeth as he stomped across the kitchen and into the office .
tr	PAST	The soldier sniffed the air , inhaling deeply .
tr	PRES	Except possibly limp after their car . "
tr	PAST	My father never described her to me or even mentioned her .
tr	PRES	The attitude affects it , or can . "
tr	PRES	What to say to make us reappear .
tr	PRES	The perky blonde pops her head into my view .
tr	PAST	He marveled at her quick , ready response .
tr	PRES	" Come in , Bruno .
tr	PRES	His mouth slides into a smile .
tr	PRES	" Why so few boyfriends after having so many dates ? "
tr	PAST	If he attacked the hideous man , he risked exposing himself to the wasting sickness .
tr	PRES	A mentor never loses their temper .
tr	PAST	To the pleasure , and release , that I am chasing as relentlessly as any junkie has ever chased a high .
tr	PRES	I DID NOT LIKE HIM .
tr	PRES	" About the size of a lentil bean . "
tr	PRES	" You put something in that drink , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	I shout across the field as I prepare myself to do something stupid .
tr	PRES	Tears shone in her eyes .
tr	PAST	' Paul , ' she urged , ' without you the crystal can do nothing .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't think it was healthy , " Josie reiterated .
tr	PRES	She relaxes at that , reassured , and heads off down the corridor and out to her carriage .
tr	PAST	Every one marveled except the high council .
tr	PAST	He fisted the material , its dampness teasing his palm as his gaze drank her in .
tr	PAST	The blood finally slowed to a trickle as her heart ceased beating .
tr	PAST	Down on the busy sidewalk , she gritted her teeth as she called for a cab to come pick her up .
tr	PRES	When the waiter leaves , Trystan points at Katie and then the booth .
tr	PAST	" To Tyler , the hero of the island , " Logan announced once I had my glass .
tr	PAST	* * * * William awoke to find himself alone in the bed .
tr	PRES	" Well , there 's not much else to do on a ship but read , " he teased me .
tr	PRES	My secretary timidly opens the door , fear written across her face .
tr	PAST	A low bass growl rumbled from Santino 's direction .
tr	PAST	' I don 't get many chances to get this old Tolu away from its roots , ' Cone stated happily .
tr	PAST	I collected my books and hurried out of the class .
tr	PAST	Her pulse leaped in her throat .
tr	PAST	Bobby fetched a large whisky from the bar , which Murphy downed in one .
tr	PRES	I snap the case closed , and thunder downstairs .
tr	PRES	" Then disagree , Victoria .
tr	PRES	" You 'd better watch your tongue , " President Tyler snaps , making me jump .
tr	PRES	" My experiment ? "
tr	PRES	" The same kind of magic Santa uses to get down millions of chimneys on Christmas Eve . "
tr	PRES	Can you spare a few minutes ? "
tr	PRES	" Hey , doggie ... " It barked .
tr	PRES	" No , no , it tickles ! "
tr	PRES	Daniel paces around the room .
tr	PAST	I squinted to read it .
tr	PRES	Change and go wash your hands .
tr	PAST	The odd shuffle , the snow , the boots all merged with the image of another pair of boots in Ethan 's memory .
tr	PAST	The leaves had unfolded a second time leaving four slender metal rods protruding downward from the lock .
tr	PAST	" Go and get washed . "
tr	PRES	She releases me and moves to someone else , but I stand with my hand outstretched , alone .
tr	PAST	Blythe leaped out of the passenger side and glared indignantly at Joy .
tr	PRES	" A map , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	His eyes darken as he welds our bodies back together .
tr	PRES	I lean up against the entranceway with my arms crossed and watch with curiosity .
tr	PAST	She cracks her gum when she 's talking to me .
tr	PRES	When you force the soul into the body , the surge in energy breaks the bonds , releases the energy contained inside .
tr	PRES	A roar bellows from the dark lord 's lips as he lunges into a finishing blow .
tr	PRES	I swing my feet down onto it and let go of the branch , which springs back up .
tr	PAST	She emerged from the spray and turned .
tr	PAST	Unable to wait a second longer , he nearly destroyed his chainmail leggings as he pushed them down his legs to his knees .
tr	PAST	The time we volunteered at the soup kitchen .
tr	PRES	It glares at them , white eyes filled with fury and hate .
tr	PRES	Neither of us talks for a while .
tr	PAST	He sensed the fear , curiosity , and lust that followed his movements .
tr	PRES	My arm still throbs , but it could be a lot worse ; the shot caught only the outer layer of the muscle .
tr	PAST	The - " A growl vibrated in his throat , his head , his ears , drowning out the warrior 's voice .
tr	PAST	I never denied it . '
tr	PAST	Then he chugged his beer .
tr	PRES	Jon considers the possibilities and can only come up with two likely scenarios .
tr	PRES	" In addition to Buck . "
tr	PRES	He blames the curse , but he 's willingly retreated behind walls for years . "
tr	PAST	He claimed that she said she would take away his son and he would never be able to see him again .
tr	PAST	If I wasn 't , then my sister was about twenty feet away , crouched on top of Shrapnel .
tr	PAST	I floated after him .
tr	PAST	" We will be your escort today , " he announces , to our surprise .
tr	PAST	I pretended he wasn 't there , but in truth , I felt him more than ever , as if there were an invisible string connecting us .
tr	PAST	I lay down on my stomach in the tent , my head propped up on two elbows , facing out the open flap .
tr	PRES	A light flips on and I shield my eyes .
tr	PRES	A sign too blatant to ignore .
tr	PAST	" You dove in front of me , Superman style ! "
tr	PAST	My nose nuzzled the line of his throat .
tr	PRES	But therein lies the rub .
tr	PAST	Cassie leaped forward to place a restraining hand on Salvatore 's arm .
tr	PRES	" I 'm listening , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	The laces of her ragged boots drag across the floor .
tr	PAST	They just drove away , wheels spinning , the SUV disappearing into the mist .
tr	PAST	" Give us a preview , " the other man urged .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't it occur to you it might be dangerous ? "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Grady .
tr	PAST	Of course , his people trusted in him , wanted to obey .
tr	PAST	We created parties we never went to , the names of boys we never met , and classes we never took together .
tr	PRES	I might add , Raphael always remembers important occasions in my life . "
tr	PAST	He collapsed wearily into his chair and stared at the score lying on the desk in front of him .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't run away , " I sputter .
tr	PRES	Alex 's mouth falls open and cavernous creases take shape in her forehead around her eyebrows .
tr	PRES	" When will this all end , " she murmurs to herself .
tr	PRES	You ruined me . "
tr	PAST	He willed his fingers to zip the dress and do nothing else .
tr	PRES	I snuck downstairs as soon as my parents were sound asleep .
tr	PRES	Mike whispers , " The Alabama coach is here . "
tr	PRES	She opens the cloth that wraps the boy .
tr	PRES	Subtly Aria draws her will , the source of her power , while being careful to not expose herself to the stalking menace below .
tr	PAST	I cleaned out the coffee maker and set it up for the morning .
tr	PAST	I exhale , viewing the pretty pink formal gown , dressing .
tr	PRES	I slap him so hard his face jerks to the side .
tr	PRES	Sweat beads up where our skin touches , making my skin slick enough that I slide over him in response to each powerful drive .
tr	PRES	" A grudge ? "
tr	PRES	" My little lost boy , " she murmurs .
tr	PRES	Knox reaches over to his discarded pants and grabs his wallet .
tr	PRES	In a wave , the Candor below twist and fire upward .
tr	PRES	" Gilles , " he breathes the name out .
tr	PAST	Trembling fingers withdrew a piece of white paper from her pocket , folded over into four sloppy squares .
tr	PAST	Jason elbowed his brother .
tr	PRES	Large round tables surround the podiums .
tr	PRES	He explains excitedly that the accident has been caused by a hydrogen leakage in the basement .
tr	PRES	" My apologies . "
tr	PRES	" Mr. Carmichael - " " Rodney ! "
tr	PRES	Liz frowns at me .
tr	PAST	Seth lingered in the back , leaning against the wall as he eyed the two gods with an edge of distrust .
tr	PRES	Shock washes over him and his eyes dart behind me , but he still hasn 't spoken .
tr	PAST	His breathe tickled my skin .
tr	PAST	I froze for a second .
tr	PRES	Luke wraps his lips around the straw and sips at his drink .
tr	PAST	He flagged a cab over and got in .
tr	PAST	The prosecutor 's posture stiffened .
tr	PAST	I unzipped my skirt and stepped out of my heels .
tr	PAST	She tugged free and headed down the road .
tr	PRES	He reclaimed my mouth and my tongue darted between his lips .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " Abby countered in an identical tone .
tr	PAST	Something inside him shattered at the sight of her tasting him .
tr	PRES	" Good nap ? "
tr	PRES	Then , you shout .
tr	PAST	We received the news of our daughter 's accident only moments ago , and are leaving in haste .
tr	PAST	" I destroyed it , remember ? "
tr	PAST	Seconds later Rand pinned him with an incredulous stare .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , " she whispered suddenly , her legs clamping together so his hand couldn 't move .
tr	PRES	" A padlock ? "
tr	PAST	Your club gets a little trashed , " " A little trashed ? "
tr	PAST	With quicker reflexes than I believed I had , I dove to my knees to catch Sofie 's head as she collapsed to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Besides my pride , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Gemma lets out a breath and mutters , " I wish that we didn 't have to deal with so many damn problems . "
tr	PAST	Simon once again marveled that such a short and slightly built man would have such a powerful voice .
tr	PRES	" When your reasons include my club , I reserve the right to know what they are . "
tr	PRES	She hauled the bike up onto the porch and opened the ( unlocked ) door .
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin toward him and brushed her lips with a brief brush of a kiss .
tr	PRES	" He owes me a salute , and I want it now . "
tr	PRES	I couldn 't wait to watch the black creature inside him wiggle to the surface and struggle for breath .
tr	PAST	His ribs smashed into a jagged rock , and the rushing water dragged him over the boulders , battering and scraping his knees and ankle .
tr	PRES	Someone clears their throat , and we both look toward Lennox , and most of the vigilantes who are watching us with curious expressions on their faces .
tr	PAST	Laurel marveled at the dress 's intricate beadwork .
tr	PRES	Instead , she gathered her courage and said , " Let me go , Maddox .
tr	PAST	McNair inhaled in exasperation .
tr	PAST	He exclaimed and then dropped to his knees .
tr	PRES	Not as long as things exist that science can 't measure .
tr	PRES	" Well , ' tis sure to happen sometimes . "
tr	PAST	" Oh , wow , " Abby exclaimed , sounding amazed .
tr	PAST	" We 're clear , " Adam announced .
tr	PAST	He stole a quick look over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply , and then , finally , he met her eyes .
tr	PAST	She fanned herself as she tugged on her collar .
tr	PRES	I jostle my pack on my back .
tr	PAST	Two officers seated in the back emerged , blinking in the sunlight .
tr	PAST	The locals eyed me with disapproval .
tr	PAST	He jabbed my thigh the first time , and he could tell where to go after that , and he scored my ribs a dozen times .
tr	PRES	That eases my mind somewhat . "
tr	PAST	Alyssa smacked him in the stomach , and he bent over in pain .
tr	PAST	Chris giggled and looked down shyly .
tr	PAST	She donned a black evening gown with green undertones shimmering through .
tr	PRES	" It reaches beyond the horizon .
tr	PAST	Shoes striking marble and then muffled entirely as they transitioned to carpet .
tr	PRES	Six glares at me from across the table and it occurs to me that I haven 't filled her in on my afternoon run .
tr	PRES	The NSA , as usual , helps by providing material for blackmail and intimidation .
tr	PRES	" Listen , Abbas .
tr	PRES	Women with the longest , leanest , sexiest legs he 'd ever seen .
tr	PRES	" Don 't I know that you 're the one holds us all together ?
tr	PRES	It transfers to another bus that goes to Carlton .
tr	PRES	He lays on the couch and rests his head on the arm of it .
tr	PAST	Bryn exhaled her agreement .
tr	PRES	Cole stands close enough to me that I can feel his breath on my cheek .
tr	PAST	For years -- ' ' Antal , ' the old man said , ' I -- ' Justus shook his head .
tr	PRES	' May I steal your partner for a dance , Angelo ? '
tr	PRES	Everyone stops and looks at me .
tr	PAST	He stormed again and I repeated the action , this time bending down and going for its legs .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the game changes .
tr	PRES	It all fits together . "
tr	PRES	" There you are , sweetie .
tr	PAST	Her expertise lied in the realm of cloning and I anticipated that her skill could go no further than the duplication of a body . "
tr	PRES	" Could you quit being the perfect protector long enough to listen to me ? "
tr	PRES	It stops sideways about a foot before ramming the other car .
tr	PAST	His hands were forced behind his back , his wrists secured with handcuffs before shackles were attached to his ankles .
tr	PAST	Chasing after him , I marveled at the strength and agility of my new Nephilim body .
tr	PRES	Lucas 's damp , rumpled hair was warm against my fingers , and he closed his eyes as I brushed it backward .
tr	PAST	He blamed anyone but Eric .
tr	PAST	Brood himself preferred the more direct solutions of physical pressure to the subtleties of politics .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's steps slowed .
tr	PRES	" She really likes you . "
tr	PRES	My body gradually relaxes , conforming to his .
tr	PAST	" It 's alright , Riddick .
tr	PAST	Stay strapped to your chair until you 're latched to Beck . "
tr	PAST	Aunt Darla stiffened , and something flashed across her face that I didn 't understand .
tr	PRES	The latch on a side door clicks , the door opens , they all turn .
tr	PRES	" Kim , snap out of it !
tr	PAST	And then he exploded in a poof of foul-smelling ash .
tr	PRES	His focus remains unaltered until a dull knock on the door forces him back .
tr	PRES	As a werewolf , I hunger for meat .
tr	PRES	" A slice . "
tr	PAST	" An overrated emotion , to be sure .
tr	PRES	Sly glances at the guard as it passed didn 't make her feel any happier .
tr	PAST	I drained the rest of my coffee in several scalding gulps then dumped the mug into the sink .
tr	PAST	She tidied up the items on her smooth , clean desk and gathered her purse .
tr	PRES	Android 66 falls to his knees .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply and took in the scent of lemons and vanilla .
tr	PRES	She exhales heavily , and I rest my chin on top of her head .
tr	PAST	On the desk , inside a crystal sphere with a flat bottom , floated a fragile skull no bigger than Kendra 's thumb .
tr	PAST	Nodding , I hooked my bag over my arm and trotted forward alongside her .
tr	PRES	According to the map , this line passes north of Lake City and then straight onto Omaha .
tr	PRES	" It stands for the Fal en Research Unit .
tr	PAST	Many land animals likewise adapted to hibernate . "
tr	PAST	" And he stole her away in the night , after the barbecue , didn 't he ? "
tr	PAST	" No problem , " Sam stated .
tr	PAST	I must say after reading this section of the book , I learnt a lot of things I could have seen as being unimportant .
tr	PAST	Dave crawled up , peered through the grate , and nodded confidently .
tr	PRES	He helps me put it on then leaves .
tr	PAST	Darrin leaped away from the door .
tr	PRES	" What about ' em ?
tr	PRES	I powered it up while formulating a plan .
tr	PAST	We skipped past a few large rocks and made a hasty run towards the castle in front of us .
tr	PAST	This proved , once again , that her boss was a topic they couldn 't discuss rationally .
tr	PRES	" Every woman likes the way you look .
tr	PRES	He deserves to hear it from you .
tr	PRES	Gabe clears his throat .
tr	PAST	" Let me try , " Cody piped up .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that maybe after I give you directions , we could get to know each other ? "
tr	PAST	Magnus regarded him with a cold air .
tr	PAST	" You can 't question the Ancients , " Cian clipped .
tr	PRES	About an hour later shapes flitted in the darkness , silently making their way towards the place where the Americans had encamped .
tr	PRES	No wonder the women had swooned over him in all fifty states when he was a pro football player .
tr	PRES	' They 're here again - tis the soldiers . '
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked his face and body .
tr	PRES	I assume you want me to return to you when this is done . '
tr	PAST	She giggled at his happy expression and the way he began rubbing her belly .
tr	PAST	I hazard another glance over at Trent .
tr	PAST	He doubted he would ever forget his first look at her .
tr	PRES	He tries hard , but he doesn 't have much idea . "
tr	PRES	Nora smiles , a slow smile that finally reaches her eyes , then she reaches for me .
tr	PAST	His finger tipped her chin upward , causing Rema to reluctantly gaze into his eyes .
tr	PAST	Chapter 3 A wry smile tugged up one side of his face as he counted all the pretty blond heads at the campus bar .
tr	PAST	When the short burst of laughter ended , I nuzzled my head into the crook of his neck , careful to avoid his injury .
tr	PRES	He lets out a heavy sigh .
tr	PAST	While night birds sang in the jungle , the moonlight reflected off the silver , shimmering like water with her mother 's breathing .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " I hedge .
tr	PAST	This young creature 's agony of remorse pierced him with passionate pity .
tr	PAST	She collapsed , now silent , barely breathing , unmoving .
tr	PAST	Dan slowed and trained his eyes on the back of Tar 's head .
tr	PAST	Looked at that way , the shark represented a lot of meat .
tr	PRES	The only thing that 's keeping us apart is the secrets we 've been hiding , the lies we 've been telling .
tr	PRES	For a moment she stares at me .
tr	PRES	Maci protects her head with her arms , her breaths fitful as she jumps to her feet .
tr	PRES	I tuck my feet under me and rest my head on his shoulder , exhaustion suddenly overtaking me as the adrenaline rush fades .
tr	PAST	They 'd crawled out of that dungeon together , and somehow , someway , he would drag them out of their self-imposed hell .
tr	PRES	He revved the engine and pulled away from the curb .
tr	PRES	Chapter One " Leaving already ? "
tr	PAST	The second shattered his skull .
tr	PAST	With a grunt and a cute little curse , she stomped off across the street .
tr	PAST	The tip glowed a brilliant blue and accelerated as it moved through the sky .
tr	PRES	" The blame for that lies with Fairfax , not me . "
tr	PAST	He stomped out of the pasture , and his steward came forward .
tr	PAST	I cringed at that sacred moment flying around the school .
tr	PRES	That way lies the end of a rope . '
tr	PRES	We pile into the jet and Henderson asks me to call for engine start .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled at just the thought of food .
tr	PAST	Servants exited , preparing to greet their prince .
tr	PRES	His face falls for a moment before he recovers .
tr	PRES	Now , can we please stable Honey ? "
tr	PAST	The exasperation in his voice acted like a jolt of caffeine .
tr	PAST	Panting , he collapsed at her side and drew her close .
tr	PAST	So I volunteered to help the police find the thieves . "
tr	PRES	His voice cracks , but he quickly clears it and keeps going .
tr	PRES	" They banded together to defeat her .
tr	PAST	" And with good reason , too , " Arthur defended .
tr	PAST	When she got closer her heart skipped and she began to run .
tr	PAST	He flattened his palms at her temples , boxing her in and taking the bulk of his own weight .
tr	PAST	His deep voice vibrated in her bones .
tr	PAST	She stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	His report dealt with the brutal truth that the school simply was not taking in enough money to keep going .
tr	PRES	At length the men awakened , many with terrible headaches , and gradually formed up around the surviving cooking fires .
tr	PAST	" If only he washed it . "
tr	PAST	Kim slapped her hand over her mouth .
tr	PRES	Alex presses down on me , his lips practically touching my skin .
tr	PAST	The room exploded with gasps of astonishment .
tr	PRES	Periodically , Alexandra turned back , firing arrows at the pursuing spiders .
tr	PRES	Zia snuck up behind him , eyeing the younger girl and kissing Murray a little too gratuitously .
tr	PRES	She snuck a glance at him .
tr	PAST	Drew announced that he 'd be much better off staying out of the way , and headed for the front door and the party .
tr	PRES	Monday morning crew . "
tr	PRES	" Of course that opens up all sorts of new possibilities .
tr	PRES	" I think I remember now why I don 't come here much , " Levi mumbled .
tr	PRES	She slams the door in my face again .
tr	PAST	" I am very chilled , sister , " she lied .
tr	PRES	Warrior slows down and changes course , gliding toward Lisa .
tr	PRES	" Life 's not fair , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	They inched forward slightly every couple of minutes .
tr	PAST	My ears pricked when a twig snapped behind me and I spun , assuming Liam had found me .
tr	PRES	But come , what brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	Some freaky ritual murder ? "
tr	PRES	" Creeper alert , " she announces as she parks the GTO next to a truck that has a bunch of greasy looking guys standing around it .
tr	PAST	Maris inhaled and looked down , realizing he was shaking again .
tr	PRES	She sniffs haughtily , and I 'm about to tell her where she can shove her attitude when Daddy says , " Artemis .
tr	PAST	Knox produced a gun .
tr	PAST	The duke 's fingers pinched hard , and Lloyd felt a blow across his chin .
tr	PRES	The devil sees all .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes I cheat . "
tr	PAST	His scalp shrieked as his head was yanked to a level position ; the interrogator 's face was an inch from his own .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps the hair dye would have saved us , " joked Harry .
tr	PAST	The older woman stiffened .
tr	PAST	Lindy attempted to drag away her mesmerized child .
tr	PRES	Inside the house , dim lights shone from behind heavy curtains .
tr	PRES	My stomach lurches and I stand up quickly , not wanting to cry when I 've made it this far into the conversation .
tr	PRES	" Dude , this town sucks , Mitch .
tr	PRES	I yield smiling . "
tr	PRES	" Oh ... " Cordelia blushes , her cheeks going the color of her scales .
tr	PAST	" He shouldn 't be spying , " Nicholas clipped .
tr	PRES	With uncertain movements , he returns to the switchboard as if he 's waiting for it to come back to life .
tr	PRES	" And so the Sun , looking into darkness , Saw what light could not reveal , The infinite and the nothing . "
tr	PRES	He remembers the dying sun in the middle , strangled away so that others might fly and shine .
tr	PAST	A flick of his wrist later , and his clothes melted off his body , piled in a corner of the room .
tr	PAST	Alcide dialed a number .
tr	PRES	" Abby , " Riley breathes , rushing to me .
tr	PRES	Xander stands back for a moment .
tr	PAST	He extracted a hand from his pocket and gave mine a damp , cursory shake .
tr	PRES	March sees me as pure beauty , distilled to its essence , nothing more needed or required .
tr	PAST	What I desired and where my dreams laid .
tr	PAST	Her balance wavered for a moment , which was unusual .
tr	PRES	He flicks on the TV .
tr	PAST	His memories jumbled together in his head as he managed to open his eyes and look around .
tr	PAST	It motioned to my chair with a skeletal hand .
tr	PRES	" Oh , my dear child ... " Corinne cleared her throat .
tr	PRES	With no visible effort , she folds her legs back over and fluidly slides her body through the hoop to hold another impressive pose .
tr	PAST	I 've never doubted that . "
tr	PRES	" Shoot , " I mutter under my breath .
tr	PAST	Chicago Irishmen fled his rump organization and flocked to the United Irish Societies .
tr	PAST	At last , he slapped Jon on the back .
tr	PRES	Just give me another case , Norm . "
tr	PRES	Jake frowns and walks over to put a hand on her shoulder .
tr	PRES	She dreaded finding any .
tr	PAST	This proved difficult as the dinner , and the wine , progressed .
tr	PRES	I steal it back .
tr	PRES	" This one , " he said , pointing to one key , " opens the dead bolt on the front door .
tr	PRES	" Opal ... Dixon ... " she said again , her voice dull and small .
tr	PRES	No one moves , talks , breathes .
tr	PRES	She tries to look put out , but a smile breaks out on her face .
tr	PAST	Marjorie demanded with such outrage , Gary retreated a step in surprise .
tr	PAST	He charged Carpenter and pinned him to the wall .
tr	PAST	" An ' I ain 't sayin ' nothin ' either , " the Sheriff reassured .
tr	PAST	Every order equaled life or death , with no room for error .
tr	PAST	He enfolded me in his arms .
tr	PRES	His thumb strokes back and forth .
tr	PRES	It falls apart under a human 's touch though , as you noticed . "
tr	PRES	With solar panels , and composting in the yard , and only earth-friendly , salvaged material . "
tr	PRES	The sound of that deep voice stops my heart dead .
tr	PAST	A network of lines fanned out around his eyes .
tr	PAST	Winston perused the battle damage .
tr	PAST	And just when she thought she could bear no more , he tugged harder , wringing a low moan from her .
tr	PRES	Icy terror crawls down my spine .
tr	PAST	She prayed it would be enough .
tr	PRES	I add , " What about Dove ? "
tr	PAST	Magnus regarded Tavi thoughtfully for a few moments .
tr	PRES	" He giggles uncontrollably ; " I just tried to Google the names , and can 't find any of them .
tr	PRES	" I need to be alone for awhile , " I mumbled quietly .
tr	PRES	He taps his chin .
tr	PAST	" We 're not even out of high school yet , " she hedged .
tr	PAST	" Listen you bitch , I already announced you .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes and I smile at her , then lean in again .
tr	PRES	Sunlight filters through the window , but Elijah gets into his bed anyway .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	Robin 's whole body tensed , and he rushed forward .
tr	PAST	Trying to catch up , I chased her down the street .
tr	PAST	Butterflies buzzed in my belly the second our lips touched .
tr	PRES	The cold in my bones loses a little of its biting edge .
tr	PRES	" North , always north , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Another pirate flung up his hands and crashed to the ground .
tr	PRES	The other knights hauled a coffin and placed it on a platform that was behind the throne .
tr	PAST	She learnt to avoid the furry , green grass that stung when you touched it .
tr	PRES	Presently the Thomas on screen stops walking and looks towards the bottom-right corner .
tr	PAST	The men slapped him around half-heartedly and made jokes about his mother 's sexual tastes .
tr	PRES	" You aren 't to be believed , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	She doubted her legs would support her .
tr	PRES	The work of art describes how he sees a particular corner of spacetime .
tr	PRES	My mother lets a lazy grin linger as she gazes over at Tad like a lovesick teenager .
tr	PRES	My wife loves it . "
tr	PRES	On the other side of the glass Mason sings with his eyes closed .
tr	PRES	The Chancellor clears his throat , suddenly sounding like a businessman again .
tr	PRES	" Supposedly unbreakable . "
tr	PRES	" You were too , Ora , " his uncle teased her .
tr	PAST	He clinched his jaw .
tr	PRES	I snuggle into Gage as he sits besides me .
tr	PAST	His mind winged to the looming deadline for deciding whether to stay in the military and take off the uniform for good .
tr	PAST	I reversed the Scout carefully back to Kansas Road .
tr	PAST	On her third dive , the subject skipped a question , then the second one .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , my voice turning to ice .
tr	PRES	' Having his beauty nap .
tr	PAST	With his big , hard body next to her , she doubted any other man would dare risk his neck by checking her out .
tr	PRES	He sighs at me again , like I 'm making this hard for him or something .
tr	PRES	" So what did your talk last night with everyone conclude ? "
tr	PRES	My heart sings at the thought of her .
tr	PAST	Claire tugged the collar of the trench coat up over the back of his neck and skull to protect his head from any more UV damage .
tr	PAST	On the floor of the closet , her stomach churned with a sick mixture of guilt and remorse .
tr	PRES	Rian lets out a quiet laugh .
tr	PAST	In place of actually beaming , he again sought the grass for some serious mental help .
tr	PRES	" Skyla , " Gage whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	Logan twitches his nose the way he does when he 's trying to incite me into beating the crap out of him .
tr	PAST	I created this cloak to subdue her , never imagining I would need to use it again .
tr	PAST	He pushes me up the bed , his lips still curved , his eyes never leaving mine .
tr	PAST	She sought out the officer .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand towards her .
tr	PAST	In mental agony he collapsed onto the console in front of him .
tr	PAST	This proved to be a fatal error .
tr	PAST	A glance at the ground revealed that his wound was worse than he had led her to believe .
tr	PRES	Unable to admit as much to Trey , I averted my eyes and casually brushed hair from my face .
tr	PRES	" Drove into a trap , " Mr. Stott mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Would you , Sunshine ? "
tr	PAST	She cooperated , pretended interest as they talked color coordination , bridal procession dresses and table trimmings .
tr	PAST	" I designed a similar system for my old job . "
tr	PRES	The more you learn , the more you belong to us .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and hers eyes widened .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us to the fact that your husband is waiting to see you .
tr	PRES	But it brings with it a great responsibility .
tr	PAST	One by one , they created space between us , until I was an island surrounded by gawking students .
tr	PRES	Energy blossoms on so many other worlds , " he explains .
tr	PAST	I regarded him with surprise .
tr	PRES	" You are their grandparents , she trusts you completely . "
tr	PRES	Yet she forgave herself when she remembered that as her younger self , she had merely been confused by the stranger 's words .
tr	PAST	I unzipped his pants and gripped his length , still trapped in his boxers .
tr	PRES	" Forgive me , but wouldn 't it be better to send your minions to battle her ? "
tr	PRES	Near the middle of Rome 's Revolution , Rei also mentions that they carried seeds and animal embryos .
tr	PAST	" Now , accused .
tr	PRES	He points over his shoulder at the door .
tr	PRES	Lifting his gaze , Trevor pinned Haylie with a hard stare .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue !
tr	PRES	A distant scream brings me back to reality .
tr	PAST	Stupid wolf , she berated her other half as it encouraged him .
tr	PRES	Turning to me , he stops .
tr	PAST	Picking up the tube of shower gel , she squirted some into her hand and started to move her soapy hands over her body .
tr	PAST	" It looks blue to me , " Haze announced .
tr	PRES	Blood seeps out of the wound and I quickly cup my hand .
tr	PRES	He comments in a deadpan tone , though his face is obviously fighting a smile .
tr	PRES	Then he throws back his head and laughs and laughs , in a way I 've never heard from him before .
tr	PAST	I bounced up and down , freezing and nervous as I waited in line to get on .
tr	PRES	It speeds out of me .
tr	PAST	Before I could answer , he hooked the handle of my suitcase and rolled it in the direction of the studio .
tr	PAST	' I pretended to be married to her .
tr	PAST	" I 've never lied before . "
tr	PAST	His eyes instantly brightened , and he practically skipped towards Cindy .
tr	PRES	He tries to get me to talk at a private area , but I only answer him with short words .
tr	PAST	His strumming faltered as did his singing .
tr	PAST	The houses extended into more neighborhoods , which eventually gave way to industrial and commercial areas .
tr	PAST	A smile tipped one corner of her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Les , " he whispers painfully .
tr	PAST	Jordan tensed , glancing up at him .
tr	PRES	Lock the door , V , and don 't come back . "
tr	PAST	Our breaths mingled as we lay there , staring at each other silently until his eyes drifted shut .
tr	PRES	The man with the thick file before him wasn 't the math geek she 'd known all those years ago .
tr	PAST	His full lips curved .
tr	PRES	" And my mama .
tr	PRES	" Meredith likes violence , but she also likes gentleness .
tr	PAST	" I 'd rather stay and listen to this , though , " Danny half joked .
tr	PAST	Inside the darkened house , a dozen men in suspenders and chinstrap beards crouched near the shattered windows , some with hunting rifles in their hands .
tr	PAST	My headache subsided as I swam in the crystal clear water and reveled in the feel of the soft sand between my toes .
tr	PRES	THE END Laura Mama .
tr	PAST	The girl elbowed the lanky man next to her , gesturing toward Eve with a jerk of her chin .
tr	PAST	* * * " Spencer 's back at school , " Marcy announced when Danni met up with her and Chelsea in front of the campus .
tr	PAST	He motioned for her to sit .
tr	PRES	" If you need anything , " she flashes a smile at me , " and I mean anything , please , please , ask me . "
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	And at the man 's breast , clutched in an embrace as though she were bound to his soul : a little girl .
tr	PAST	She thanked Byron with a friendly smile before leaving the barracks and returning to her rooms to change .
tr	PAST	Daisy slapped their hands together briskly .
tr	PRES	I wipe the blood from his lip .
tr	PAST	I eyed the toilet suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Pride stiffened her spine .
tr	PAST	At least not now ... " His eyes glazed momentarily , " ... Later , " he said decisively .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed , and spittle pooled in the corners of his mouth .
tr	PRES	How about meddling relatives who are dead ?
tr	PRES	He reaches for me , brushing the hair away from my eyes .
tr	PAST	Then they trudged back toward the habitat .
tr	PRES	" But Ship quotes it . "
tr	PAST	She crawled out of the dark recess towards the light .
tr	PAST	A low vibration rumbled through his bones like an electrical current .
tr	PRES	He begins up the stairs , taking them two at a time .
tr	PAST	He preferred , obviously , to act , to move - to move up that damn hill .
tr	PAST	His face crumpled , such vulnerability in its strength .
tr	PRES	My heart begins to race .
tr	PRES	She also stank really bad .
tr	PRES	" Frank blames Laurent Fink for Oscar 's death .
tr	PAST	They treated him with too much deference for him to be anything other than their leader .
tr	PRES	Connor slides the grate back on and we begin our journey to the ' sewer systems ' .
tr	PAST	Still , he cringed .
tr	PRES	I snap at the dog , just because it won 't say anything back .
tr	PAST	The man looking more stronger than his comrade enquired .
tr	PRES	Warren holds up his hand .
tr	PAST	I inhaled , swearing this would be the last lie .
tr	PRES	" Back the fuck off , or you 're gon na be eating lead . "
tr	PAST	" But I lost the bet , " Boone countered with a hint of disappointment in his voice .
tr	PRES	" And Lucian ? "
tr	PRES	chapter fifty-two My head throbs and my back aches as Aimee 's uncle applies pressure to my wound .
tr	PAST	Amazed that he was still alive , he crawled and pulled his way back through the hatch and to a closed , waist-high wood cabinet .
tr	PAST	The soldering iron still smoked .
tr	PRES	Before anyone can stop her , she reaches him and turns him over .
tr	PAST	" This isn 't a date , " I grunted as I slid in and out of her .
tr	PRES	You talkin ' ' bout a jail break ? "
tr	PAST	That thought horrified her .
tr	PAST	Chris 's blue eyes narrowed as he met Devon 's gaze , his shoulders stiffened .
tr	PAST	Every major politician desired admittance beyond the glass doors .
tr	PAST	He denied it and even tried to forget about it forever .
tr	PRES	She glances at him out of the corner of her eye and smirks before exiting the stage .
tr	PRES	" And very cocky . "
tr	PRES	" Cow manure ? "
tr	PAST	I 'm exhausted , " I yawned in reply and sat down lazily on the edge of my full-sized bed .
tr	PRES	Then , all we have to do is add the water tablets , and we have drinkable water , " Dane explains .
tr	PRES	I lust for you .
tr	PRES	" Lead on , captain . "
tr	PRES	A husband , children - " " And scientific instruments ? "
tr	PAST	Rodrigo 's frown deepened as he shook his head slowly .
tr	PRES	" Why the hell would someone play classical music while they 're murdering people , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	Standing but keeping a grip on Kane 's vest collar , Tucker navigated the catwalk steps until they were only a few feet above the racing ground .
tr	PRES	It misses the heart , but his eyes go wide and there is unleashed from his gullet a choking cough filled with whole marshlands of boiling blood .
tr	PAST	Lucien circled Drake warily , testing the strength and mettle of his opponent .
tr	PRES	His dark brown eyes shone like a newborn child 's .
tr	PRES	She frantically sorts through all the photos , the notes .
tr	PAST	I dove into the water and swam as close as I could to them without crossing the boundary .
tr	PAST	In a pale blue T-shirt and jeans , he projected a casual sexiness .
tr	PRES	Violet 's tone carries caution .
tr	PAST	Caden gently unwound the bandages .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked through her shirt .
tr	PAST	Harald motioned him to be silent .
tr	PRES	My heart melts with her genuine concern for me .
tr	PAST	A sweet Grandma painted on a building side regarded me gravely as I passed .
tr	PRES	The platonic friendship that builds between Annie and Heath points to a future where each may rely on the other without the bonds a romance would entail .
tr	PAST	He cups his head with his hands .
tr	PAST	She abandoned you and went back to her lover , back to your father . "
tr	PAST	He squinted his eyes to keep them clear .
tr	PRES	In the sky beyond it , stars shone faintly next to a crescent moon .
tr	PRES	' Thanks Graham . '
tr	PRES	" Please , Kiran , " I begged .
tr	PRES	' Because he 's sitting up there as bold as brass in his Grotto , giving away presents ! '
tr	PAST	So I slowed down , leaning forward over my handlebars , trying to see the ground far ahead .
tr	PAST	" Oh man , " she slurred .
tr	PRES	" Mom usually cooks me spaghetti on Thursday to get me ready for the race on Saturday .
tr	PRES	" I warn you , I 'm armed , and I can defend myself ! "
tr	PAST	And yet he dreaded her arrival with everything within him .
tr	PRES	Rory sees me and chases after me , trying to talk .
tr	PAST	The bottoms of jeans soaked black dye from a bucket .
tr	PRES	" They 've crushed the rebellion , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" All right , " argued Shallow Lucy , " describe one redeeming quality you 've found in this man so far . "
tr	PAST	He never washed -- just stood by the bar and drank mug after mug of apple brew and ate them plum out of turkey pie .
tr	PAST	Hearing her internal whispers , he clasped his hand to her waist and pulled her into his arms .
tr	PAST	He preferred them to be in his own hand , but he 'd need to have a scribe rewrite this one .
tr	PRES	Says he 'll be following the letter . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't be like those people who get really depressed around the holidays though , sis .
tr	PRES	When Will gets in , he reaches into the backseat and grabs a sack .
tr	PAST	She motioned for me to get down next to her .
tr	PAST	Unable to control his outburst as painfully hot coffee soaked through his shirt .
tr	PRES	Hi there Robbie , at last a friendly face .
tr	PRES	I steal several glances in Holder 's direction during the lecture , but he doesn 't turn around again for the entire period .
tr	PRES	" You ok , Barret ? "
tr	PAST	Turning swiftly to Nate , she extended her hand , saying , " Thank you so much for accompanying me .
tr	PAST	Drops of rain bounced off the stone of the railing in front of me as I took shelter in the alcove beside the main entrance .
tr	PAST	" What the ... " he exclaimed , " Who is this ? "
tr	PAST	For a moment , my heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	He wriggled his silver eyebrows at her and blew a kiss .
tr	PRES	He starts to demand , looking so mad , I scramble to my feet .
tr	PRES	I snuck another peek at him as he headed out of my room .
tr	PAST	" I 'm finished eating , " the king announced .
tr	PRES	Gage pushes out a devilish smile .
tr	PRES	Principle Burns paces up and down the classroom .
tr	PRES	I lean back in the seat and think about Gramps , wondering if he remembers what happened last night .
tr	PRES	" Visualize it , " I reassure myself .
tr	PAST	" He 's heavier than he looks , " the big man grunted , wiping the sweat from his face .
tr	PRES	" Do you intend to take vows ? "
tr	PAST	As I fucked her , my mind replayed every moment of her dancing and those who watched her .
tr	PAST	My hair floated around my face as if there was no gravity .
tr	PRES	In the struggle , she uses it .
tr	PRES	She clutches my hand for a moment , then releases it .
tr	PAST	I circled the herd , running my hand along their shoulders as I passed each one .
tr	PRES	A tiny grocery store , a hair salon , a pizza place and a gas station with one pump that doesn 't take credit cards .
tr	PRES	" I assume you are here for blood ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone who meets him , loves him .
tr	PAST	The troll wavered in the air as if he was drunk and forgot how to stand , as the gargoyle circled the arena .
tr	PRES	" I thought it was for sex , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" Oh , what the heck ! "
tr	PAST	Every nerve of hers vibrated in anticipation .
tr	PAST	" And wine , " Alec piped up .
tr	PAST	Who knew you were such a softy under all that crap , " I joked .
tr	PRES	Carla glances back at her notes .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PRES	Uncle Drac loves his bats ; he 'd do anything for them .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	It tends to be combinations of random numbers or letters .
tr	PAST	Startled , I stiffened and stared straight ahead of me .
tr	PRES	The door slides open to a macabre bloody scene .
tr	PRES	She uses her other hand to draw the skin up over the end of the bone and pinch it shut like a foreskin .
tr	PAST	He flicked on the desk light and picked up the sketchbook .
tr	PAST	She extended her arm and pointed .
tr	PAST	He jabbed the shotguns barrel into Peter 's ribs , and shoved him all the way back onto the floor .
tr	PRES	He approaches me quickly .
tr	PAST	A metal snake of a nose extended from its front , drooping to the floor , the red bulb at its end now lifeless .
tr	PRES	Blood , Water , Spirit . "
tr	PAST	She limped over and crouched beside him .
tr	PRES	My father loses his wits sometimes and thinks he is a beggar .
tr	PAST	His stomach rumbled , whether from hunger or disgust , he wasn 't sure .
tr	PRES	" A god ? "
tr	PAST	She sniffed , apparently feeling vindicated that he hadn 't known .
tr	PAST	" That movies about ' Nam , right ? "
tr	PAST	Then with Jack 's help he toured the small village making a mental note of where things were and what was available .
tr	PAST	In fact , the stage edge served as the table for our drinks .
tr	PRES	And then she snaps .
tr	PAST	Someone stole it from my office during the party last night .
tr	PRES	May her beauty bloom , showing all the colors of her heart , May her beauty shade and hide us from all harm .
tr	PAST	She giggled like a girl , " Oh , I most certainly will .
tr	PRES	" What tricks ? "
tr	PRES	I shout at the console in front of me as the warning bellowed out again and again .
tr	PAST	Reaching behind him , he tugged his shirt over his head .
tr	PAST	Occasional hanging lanterns provided most of the light .
tr	PRES	" What about after football ? "
tr	PAST	For a quick second she almost panicked , feeling so utterly helpless , unable to move her arms or legs .
tr	PRES	Mum likes me to look smart . "
tr	PRES	Running Deer begins to feel like he is slowly moving forward while bright bursts of light and loud claps of thunder become clearer with each movement .
tr	PRES	I lean against the doorway and fold my arms .
tr	PAST	She tipped back her head and quickly dispensed several drops in each eye .
tr	PRES	And just for good measure , he begins with the pencil again .
tr	PRES	Every little girl loves to brush Barbie 's hair .
tr	PAST	The sheriff 's department stated , that during their investigation , they also found the buried remains of three males and one female at the property .
tr	PRES	What brings you all the way to McCall , Idaho , of all places , and at this hour ? "
tr	PAST	I jolted back into place and kept myself busy .
tr	PAST	Jack 's dark eyes glowed with pride .
tr	PRES	Abby flashes a sexy grin .
tr	PAST	And when they moved underneath his , he denied himself no longer .
tr	PRES	" Some for the adults , yes , because their attitudes affect their children .
tr	PAST	He dismissed his harangue with a shrug of the shoulders .
tr	PAST	The man saluted , then rushed into motion .
tr	PAST	A moment later she dove from the second story to the pavement below landing squarely on her feet ready for a fight .
tr	PAST	His horse panicked , and he fell off , once more sliding down the side of the beast .
tr	PAST	" Take a couple of men , " Tel instructed .
tr	PRES	" Stocked 'em with enough supplies to last a year . "
tr	PRES	He paces the small room , then faces me .
tr	PRES	" Tell ' em what ? "
tr	PRES	So no more apologies ok ? "
tr	PAST	After a few seconds of serene darkness , the sky exploded into an infinity of colors .
tr	PRES	Something falls out of the pocket .
tr	PAST	Giving in to the inevitable , the driver steered over to the hard shoulder by the side of the highway .
tr	PRES	A solid weight slams against me .
tr	PRES	Peter 's head snaps back toward Trystan with a pissed off glare and he could easily double as Sean in that moment .
tr	PRES	Got a problem with that ?
tr	PRES	He wraps one arm around my back and holds his other hand against my head .
tr	PRES	But we were all suspects ? "
tr	PAST	She inched closer to Ned , thankful he was still out cold .
tr	PRES	" I yield . "
tr	PAST	" The Mets lost to the Cubs , " Dad grunted , not bothering to look up from the paper .
tr	PAST	' Best described as colourful .
tr	PAST	They collapsed under the strain and Jenny dropped herself back down to the ground .
tr	PRES	' Shut your dirty mouth , ' Julie chuckles , still inspecting me .
tr	PAST	Damian tensed up , ready to spring .
tr	PAST	He dared not raise his voice .
tr	PAST	Chris lifted a dark blond brow , his sapphire eyes twinkled with amusement .
tr	PAST	Nick crumpled up the piece of paper and tossed it onto the ground .
tr	PRES	For instance ( p. 199 ) he points out that the Wave Function has a value BETWEEN zero and one until it collapses .
tr	PRES	" Here are your parents , baby boy , " the nurse announces .
tr	PRES	Adel stops and looks at Kamil .
tr	PAST	Timothy eyed Max for a few seconds , then the three of them as a group .
tr	PRES	Frowning , I lean forward .
tr	PRES	" What causes it ? "
tr	PAST	She slapped the armrests of her chair for punctuation .
tr	PRES	" But this brings with it so many complications .
tr	PRES	As if we 've suddenly been transported back to some Victorian ball , Pat stands aside at the doorway to allow us girls to dash out first .
tr	PRES	' Awful ' as in inspiring awe .
tr	PRES	Katie beamed , " It really is .
tr	PRES	I assume you have some genius plan ? "
tr	PRES	I assume that you are familiar with Captain Fannin , sir . "
tr	PAST	Then , later that evening , when he arrived at McMurphy 's instead of Juliet embarrassment rendered me incoherent .
tr	PAST	Low triangular roofs supported fluted columns .
tr	PAST	Silence claimed the night .
tr	PAST	Franklin interpreted what the sales assistant was telling Merrill when we stepped inside the shop .
tr	PRES	Baldwin exhales abruptly in a cynical chuckle .
tr	PAST	Courtney sniffed and nodded .
tr	PAST	She selected a spot a good distance from the road , with plenty of trees and bushes to screen their presence .
tr	PAST	The huts provided an efficient means of living in a land with no electricity - living in the earth provides natural light and moderate temperatures .
tr	PAST	You created us all .
tr	PAST	A soft growl of menace rumbled deep in his throat .
tr	PRES	But there that mound stands .
tr	PAST	Even I never dreamed you 'd go as far as you did .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hand away .
tr	PRES	He evaded Tristan 's playful cuff and said , " At night , little brother ? "
tr	PAST	But he merely stood there , their arms outstretched because she hadn 't budged from her spot when he 'd begun to walk away .
tr	PRES	What a silly thing ... " And it does seem like a silly thing , slamming your fist into someone else 's body .
tr	PAST	The tired faces of the men around me reflected the same wonder .
tr	PRES	Or inconveniently , dependent upon how you saw it .
tr	PAST	Other members of Society slap their fins on the surface of the water .
tr	PRES	A crushing weight falls around my midsection and pulls me downward .
tr	PRES	Now isn 't a good time for my friend to tell me he loves me , to try to take advantage of the situation .
tr	PRES	" No more lies about how we 're the same flesh and blood .
tr	PRES	Here , they shone like chips of ice , so bright that the darkness seemed almost blue by contrast .
tr	PRES	I lean down to look through what 's left of the items in my pack .
tr	PAST	Bones froze for a second , then scurried away .
tr	PRES	" That still belongs to you .
tr	PRES	He lays each document out in neat order , continually arranging each as he places one on top of another .
tr	PRES	No one matches my heir in any capacity .
tr	PRES	" Before you cured me .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 'll see that she 's taken care of while you 're busy playing in your band tonight ? "
tr	PAST	After that , Michael dove into his work , letting it consume him .
tr	PRES	Just a tickle in my throat . "
tr	PAST	" Jace , " Alec exhaled , but Jace ignored him .
tr	PRES	It slides slowly sideways into the wall .
tr	PAST	" Ah ... " Jack faltered .
tr	PAST	" We split from his parents .
tr	PAST	Her horse slowed to a canter as it reached the center of the hamlet , and a flock of frightened sheep ran about .
tr	PAST	Before morning , I , and those who had survived and were still loyal to me , fled to safety . "
tr	PAST	The new operator wavered .
tr	PAST	the red-haired one scoffed .
tr	PRES	When a person dies , a door opens for their spirit to journey to the next world .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed and pulled in annoyance at the chains holding him .
tr	PRES	" And Jillian ? "
tr	PRES	As I head toward a bench , Andrew grasps my hand , leading me toward the swings .
tr	PRES	" Not even her favourite niece ? "
tr	PAST	" Stonehenge , " he reported .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , my aspects ... well , they tend to be a little unhinged .
tr	PAST	He eyed the darkness .
tr	PAST	Tanner 's steps faltered before he regained traction on the cracked earth .
tr	PRES	He stretches out his hand to shake hers , but she only stares at the outstretched hand .
tr	PAST	Logan hopped from one foot to another .
tr	PRES	" I wash her skin twice a day with an infusion I make . "
tr	PRES	" Talk soon , sweetie .
tr	PAST	Her hand glided up to his chest .
tr	PAST	I sniffed , and wiped a tear that was getting ready to fall from the tip of my nose .
tr	PRES	The blood belongs to someone .
tr	PAST	Auron 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	Will pushes past Elliott to get a bandage , and April begins to stand , but I put my hand on her arm .
tr	PAST	He exhaled in rasps .
tr	PRES	" Keep thy peace , " I mutter as I jerk my covers over my head , replaying Tanner 's words .
tr	PAST	The shrill bell of the intercom buzzed .
tr	PRES	His cheek twitches when he says it .
tr	PRES	She pops there . "
tr	PAST	As Jason loaded the suitcase into the back he motioned toward the front seat .
tr	PAST	The LCD featured several icons , including oil pressure and fuel level .
tr	PAST	He padded barefoot to the door , yawning as he went .
tr	PRES	Another thought occurs to me then that Luke kind of already did this when he started rambling about being with me forever and loving me .
tr	PRES	" The mad scientist is going to chase you around with a hypodermic needle , Gregori , " she teased .
tr	PRES	She pushes up her sleeves and holds out her arms , a wide scar , light pink and healed , wraps around her wrists .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , the door opens , and Lacey jumps up , separating us in one final , powerful leap .
tr	PAST	He wriggled an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	" Lord Haddington ... ... " Began Clarence as he took one step toward him .
tr	PAST	She pretended that her knees weren 't shaking with fear and her hands weren 't trembling .
tr	PAST	And then the Freak shrieked .
tr	PRES	At the same time , a tall , thin man with a pale , haunting face enters the lobby .
tr	PAST	Then he freed her mind and her body from his control .
tr	PAST	You proved your point .
tr	PAST	Irritation washed over Diana .
tr	PAST	The sword wavered and dropped .
tr	PAST	The wizards crouched outside the door of Windle 's room .
tr	PRES	She opens her eyes , but they stare out at nothing .
tr	PRES	My heart bleeds to see her so .
tr	PAST	The relief showed up presently , a young Natali intern named Latina .
tr	PRES	Katrina whispers to me .
tr	PRES	He strokes it again .
tr	PAST	I dreamed last night .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , unable to hide my shock .
tr	PRES	If you make haste you shall have no trouble finding a tent among them ere darkness falls . '
tr	PAST	A stone patio with white plastic lawn chairs extended from the back of the house .
tr	PAST	McCormick motioned to his men .
tr	PRES	He loves me , not .
tr	PRES	She begins to cry softly into the fabric of his shirt and he cradles the back of her head firmer in one hand .
tr	PAST	Peter crawled over to Rebekah and latched on to her leg .
tr	PAST	he hedged this time .
tr	PAST	Carefully , Finn crouched in front of the lock , listening for any voices or movement .
tr	PAST	I circled the bodies , they were ripped with bullets and signs of decomposition , their smell made Mr. C 's eyes water .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and shrugged .
tr	PAST	Pain deepened his voice .
tr	PRES	He snorts a laugh as he traces the folds in his fingers .
tr	PAST	To watch them suffer and die quickly or to see them die slowly , stripped of pride , groveling at the feet of inferior creatures ?
tr	PRES	She reaches up to rest a hand against my cheek .
tr	PRES	His love for his mate , undeniable .
tr	PAST	My knee bounced with nerves , and I was unable to help my nervous fidgeting .
tr	PRES	" One bowl of porridge may be too hot , another may be too cold , " Sawyer teased .
tr	PRES	My brother plays guitar .
tr	PRES	" What about cement ? "
tr	PAST	They eyed each other until Peter reappeared a few moments later , clutching the keys and looking somewhat sheepish .
tr	PRES	Four weeks after the accident , Missy still remains in a coma , hanging on to life with the assistance of modern technology .
tr	PRES	My voice rises , " We have to warn the team .
tr	PAST	The wind boomed off the rooftops on Broadway but the throngs of people around them buffered them from the gusts .
tr	PRES	It terrifies you . "
tr	PAST	Patrick hollered , not pausing for an answer .
tr	PAST	Rand 's expression froze .
tr	PRES	Lucien reclaimed himself from his affliction long enough to understand the significance of their path .
tr	PRES	I bow my head in greeting .
tr	PAST	Jake withdrew to the shelter of the passageway and drew Marika with him .
tr	PRES	Again she breathes deeply .
tr	PRES	Yet , subtly caring and concerned for the well-being of others .
tr	PRES	The substance of this interchange remains largely a mystery , but there can be no doubt that it serves an important function in consciousness .
tr	PAST	The ground dissolved I plunged down into a hole of shame with one single , dreadful realization .
tr	PAST	Griff shrieked as the blade sunk to its hilt , blood spilling down his midsection .
tr	PRES	My head falls back , hands tangling in his hair .
tr	PRES	He points to his lips .
tr	PRES	" Well , that changes things . "
tr	PRES	Lightning flashes just seconds later .
tr	PAST	Her gaze bounced between AJ and Jack .
tr	PAST	Sally gritted her teeth even harder , refusing to bite .
tr	PAST	Her own sense split Stefan 's two orders with another - get her away from Shinichi .
tr	PAST	Perry 's handheld buzzed in his pocket .
tr	PAST	Brandon petted Champ as if he were his own dog .
tr	PAST	Kowalski tipped his head back .
tr	PRES	It shone in his face , even after the truth was known .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of killin ' him , again and again . "
tr	PRES	Dead silence fel over the group in the parlor .
tr	PAST	The train rumbled along , and I tried to see the stops , but the crush of people blocked my view .
tr	PAST	Styx flicked a dismissive gaze down the man 's stiff body , lingering on the weapons before returning to meet the dark , resentful glare .
tr	PRES	' Oh , thanks , Arnold . '
tr	PAST	What if my ability advanced too early and now I 'm broken ? "
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around his shoulders .
tr	PRES	He stands up perfectly .
tr	PRES	Something dawns on me ; Mitchell Enterprises pays me every week .
tr	PRES	" But the bounty money .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , Jemma Leigh , but Alexander is moving this weekend .
tr	PAST	I hopped in and scrubbed away all of the day 's tension .
tr	PRES	Tad lets out a series of grunts and screams as he latches onto the mane with a death grip .
tr	PAST	He grunted and went to refill the glass at the cheap motel room sink .
tr	PAST	Betty and Craig plunged out behind her just as the ship gave another jerking lurch to the side .
tr	PAST	" Yes Mistress , " the troll said , " the boy is being fetched . "
tr	PAST	The computer reported no change pressure over that time , other than a minor fluctuation based on temperature .
tr	PAST	Turning the tables so perfectly really appealed to him .
tr	PRES	A pair of medicine balls on chains swing loose from the ceiling .
tr	PAST	Nate glided over to her , and she paused in midair to greet him .
tr	PAST	My next step squished in something damp and faintly warm that soaked through my sock .
tr	PRES	" Courtney ... Mick ... Kim ... " I told myself there was no way they 'd all been made .
tr	PAST	" Someone 's finally going to walk you down the aisle , " I marveled .
tr	PAST	I tugged my gaze away to avoid staring at him .
tr	PAST	On the way by a stand selling jewelry , he promptly swiped a necklace off the table and kept walking , hiding it in his basket .
tr	PAST	In midair it transformed into a chair and splashed as water when it hit the ground .
tr	PAST	I threaded my fingers into his hair and met his seeking mouth .
tr	PRES	Anton 's nice , kind alter ego ? '
tr	PRES	" Crazy night , " she offers as if this can explain everything .
tr	PRES	Jack lies face down on a corduroy couch .
tr	PAST	I flicked to the Twitter app and searched for Adam Pierce .
tr	PRES	He looked away , arms folding over his chest .
tr	PAST	he announced repeatedly , but to no avail .
tr	PAST	He flicked a button and it was quiet again .
tr	PAST	I washed them out really good .
tr	PRES	I can 't believe how blessed I am after everything I have put him through , he still loves me so .
tr	PRES	His hand frames my face , his eyes roam all over me .
tr	PAST	Straight lines fanned through the circles , connecting to a triangle .
tr	PRES	He hears a shot and the patrolman calling for help on his radio , but he doesn 't look back .
tr	PAST	He collected his mask and fins and walked over to one of the kayaks provided by the guest house he was staying at .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " Gage mutters .
tr	PRES	I miss him too but we have each other , ' she comforted .
tr	PRES	I file it away to ponder later .
tr	PAST	" Could that have been more beautifully stated ? "
tr	PAST	It 's almost like we 're back to the way we started at Dulce : one guard and one prisoner , this time with our roles reversed .
tr	PRES	I shout up to him .
tr	PRES	The cause of Monday night 's crash remains unknown .
tr	PRES	I mutter quickly and we sprint back through the small corridor towards the noise in the main room .
tr	PRES	There amongst the shade of the trees I opened the packet Father Francis gave me .
tr	PAST	" Here , laddie , " James uttered to Ben in a hushed and secretive rasp as he whipped a brown paper parcel from his attache case .
tr	PAST	It ruffled its wings again , shaking itself out until it was roughly the size of a grown beaver .
tr	PAST	Pushing aside the depressing thought , she dialed the number .
tr	PAST	She groped along the wall to find the switch , and a single fluorescent bulb hanging in the center of the unit flickered to life .
tr	PAST	It instantly bloated up to a holographic view for the man to see .
tr	PRES	Her flesh begins to wither , curling up and flaking off her face .
tr	PAST	He tugged at Zane 's shoulder , pulling him down on the padded sleeping bag .
tr	PAST	" Only if you enjoy shirking lessons , " Gabriel stated to the girl .
tr	PAST	" This baby is a Hightower , dear , " Beth countered .
tr	PRES	Now he presents Zeus himself with his sacred cup .
tr	PAST	The look on the captain 's face revealed there was only one correct answer to that question .
tr	PRES	And then he opens his mouth and asks Mark J. , " How 's your morning going ? "
tr	PRES	" Who stands to gain here , Cam ?
tr	PAST	The exterior leaped into greater clarity at once .
tr	PRES	The pressure remains on my shoulder as the fingers of her other hand trace the compass tattooed on my forearm .
tr	PRES	" A miracle ! "
tr	PAST	The Wolf cocked his head .
tr	PAST	The warmth of his body soaked through the fabric and started me tingling again .
tr	PAST	So he trod the path of iniquity , and there were few men who have trodden it so confidently and so well .
tr	PRES	" Rescuing princesses from castles now ?
tr	PRES	" How about saving the world ? "
tr	PRES	Gabriel lets me know he hears Paul comforting Nicholas as Charlie comforts Kayla .
tr	PRES	The man reaches for the book , but Ketchup is quick to snatch it back up .
tr	PRES	I quickly snap off a few pictures , zooming in on the license plate and then up to his face .
tr	PRES	She actually misses me when I 'm gone . "
tr	PRES	Despite all of my flaws and mistakes You embraced them and never looked back " I snuck a few when she wasn 't looking in the night .
tr	PRES	House of Haag holds the key . "
tr	PRES	What brings you to Upper Forks Road ? "
tr	PRES	" Walker , it 's me , Isabella .
tr	PAST	Sleep eventually tugged at my punctured heart , and I drifted off into the darkness .
tr	PRES	Then he returns to the papers .
tr	PRES	She signals for us to come and we all steal toward the parking garage .
tr	PAST	Joe cocked his head slightly and narrowed his eyes on Vince .
tr	PRES	He pushes up to his knees and moves toward me .
tr	PRES	" No , you moron .
tr	PAST	He pinched her nipple and she kissed him back , sucking his bottom lip into her mouth with hunger .
tr	PAST	Once they were all down , he untied the rope and dropped it down .
tr	PAST	Scar leaped upward , landing on the edge of the roof , and dodged the next strike of the whip , destroying the roof to pieces .
tr	PAST	He adjusted her again in the circle of his right arm , still holding her tight .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , tragic , " murmurs Suzy .
tr	PAST	She sensed he was following her and ducked down one lane and around another corner but it was a lost cause .
tr	PAST	This provided kitchens and servant 's quarters .
tr	PRES	■ ■ Something silky tickles my fingertips .
tr	PRES	Then he lets me go and heads over to the chair , sitting down casually , as if he owns the place .
tr	PAST	Christopher elbowed Jared to get his attention .
tr	PAST	For the first time in months , his actions matched his heart .
tr	PRES	" He ah ... " He glanced around nervously .
tr	PRES	" I need to talk with you , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	An overhang falls over the third-floor , an open space of recreational equipment , armed guarded , and guarded hostages .
tr	PAST	I grunted , but did not believe a word he was saying .
tr	PAST	" Like yours , " Jen piped up .
tr	PAST	He downed a shot as one coherent story began to emerge from his mind .
tr	PRES	He tries the knob , but it 's locked .
tr	PAST	With one motion , Caine tugged his mate into his lap and wrapped his arms around her trembling body .
tr	PAST	Jez eyed him suspiciously as the colour came back into his cheeks .
tr	PAST	When he stepped toward her , Olivia tensed .
tr	PRES	I await the Queen to call upon me , and I shall see if my hope will come to fruition .
tr	PRES	The rock star falls on his knees .
tr	PRES	" Doug likes you .
tr	PAST	She slapped her lips together as the last stammered out . '
tr	PRES	Hope creeps into my heart !
tr	PAST	Daphne and Carson froze , and their heads snapped in this direction .
tr	PAST	She stood facing him , sword arm extended down and to the side .
tr	PAST	Everyone in the room cheered and applauded at the news .
tr	PRES	I confess I didn 't have much of a breakfast , and I 'm starved .
tr	PAST	The officer 's voice boomed into the megaphone again .
tr	PAST	The necklace glowed brightly , then , I 'm inside the Weapon World , this time looking at Aunt Camelia .
tr	PRES	" Micha , please stop , " she begs , laughing and stumbling over her feet .
tr	PAST	He stares at himself in the mirror .
tr	PAST	Cassandra and I emerged onto Robertson Street , which divided St Louis Number One from St Louis Number Two .
tr	PAST	More people visited to see how he was doing .
tr	PAST	He tipped up her chin .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open and I spit a few bugs out of my mouth .
tr	PAST	Darkness chased the beam of her flashlight through the tunnel .
tr	PRES	" Well , to be honest , I didn 't think you were that creative , " Aria states bluntly .
tr	PAST	I zipped my hoodie higher against the chill in the air and looked up and down the street again for the bus .
tr	PRES	I lean down to look into her eyes .
tr	PAST	' Ave you learnt nothing from me , young man ?
tr	PAST	I nail him in face with a pillow while he laughs his pretty boy ass off .
tr	PRES	Dad stares for a long moment .
tr	PAST	Many members of both the House and Senate , also abandoning Washington , pledge their loyalty to the new reality .
tr	PAST	I created the way forward .
tr	PAST	She reversed the footage and clicked through more slowly , frame by frame .
tr	PAST	I 'm done trying , " I mumbled , keeping my back turned .
tr	PRES	" Each of us changes the World to the limit of our wish . "
tr	PRES	" It doesn 't take much to ruin a person , personally , financially , morally .
tr	PAST	The man motioned toward Droopy .
tr	PRES	He opens his arms to me .
tr	PRES	" An evil light shone in the Queen 's eye .
tr	PRES	" Pretty good , actually .
tr	PRES	" Nothing so grand .
tr	PRES	Should we warn the others we 're going in ? "
tr	PAST	She slowly attempted to back out without Sarah noticing .
tr	PRES	" They add a little something extra to what would otherwise be very boring proceedings .
tr	PRES	" Or perhaps a quilt ? "
tr	PRES	When he sees me , he offers a subtle wave .
tr	PAST	Meredith squinted , worried about the sun .
tr	PAST	he countered with a knowing smile .
tr	PAST	The bleeding stranger pinched her brows , trying to read Kylie 's pattern .
tr	PRES	I grumble to myself .
tr	PAST	The urgency in his voice spurred me into action .
tr	PAST	I clip it around my neck as I head downstairs .
tr	PAST	They both exited the store .
tr	PAST	Smoke swirled in the beams like ghosts , and I pressed my shirt to my mouth so I could breathe .
tr	PAST	I refrained from saying , " Going to play golf ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , the little pushes . "
tr	PAST	My mind made up , I crawled through the vent , pushing the files along in front of me .
tr	PAST	Real and intense fear engulfed me .
tr	PRES	Hot Cross ... " The girl straightened and pointed , her index finger contorted in a grotesque fashion .
tr	PRES	" You threaten to contract cancer to avoid our purpose .
tr	PRES	To unfreeze her , Paul tries to crawl through her legs and she 's hollering " Gross !
tr	PRES	Ryan 's eyes immediately fel to my stomach .
tr	PAST	She quit fighting against it , accepting it instead , but edging slowly at an angle toward the embankment .
tr	PAST	How could she have lied to him about who she was ?
tr	PRES	" YOU AND YOU ! "
tr	PRES	" Always ... " I teased as my arms wrapped around his neck .
tr	PAST	He stiffened as her words hit home .
tr	PRES	The large Arc lands behind her as he strikes her again .
tr	PRES	He pushes a button on his keys and the fancy silver sports car in front of the shop beeps .
tr	PAST	They pretended to be interested in the toys displayed near the front of the store .
tr	PRES	With the simple raising of an arm , he causes the end wall blocking our exit to explode outwards .
tr	PRES	I chuckle and bury my head in her neck .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , but it 's a sound with no humor .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips .
tr	PAST	Well enough , she chided herself sharply .
tr	PAST	He only desired the promised payoff at the end .
tr	PAST	Not that I could have fixed it , but maybe just cleaned up the blood or something .
tr	PRES	A short distance to the side stood an elongated furnace about five feet high , its fires generating a steady bass rumble .
tr	PRES	And seductive designs , which owed much to Quentin , himself .
tr	PAST	Finally , his green eyes flicked to mine .
tr	PRES	" And the birthmark .
tr	PAST	Evan hollered , practically jumping off the couch .
tr	PAST	Reading on , it also inquired about the account , and whether we needed any additional funds .
tr	PRES	" Show me your face , " Xander 's voice booms through the room .
tr	PAST	He tugged on Howie 's shirt and motioned that they should get back to the ship .
tr	PRES	Before I slam the safe closed , a piece of paper falls .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PAST	Poseidon reclined on the stones and folded his arms behind his head .
tr	PAST	Protocol dictated the plane would be shot down without delay .
tr	PAST	She dared not dream of him when she was in human form , or around anyone else .
tr	PRES	" He sees things we sometimes miss .
tr	PRES	Sand falls out of my pant leg onto the dingy gray carpet .
tr	PRES	" Holy crap , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	We adjusted ourselves and got in the front just as the crowd from the bar descended .
tr	PRES	" Hi sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	Says it 's broken .
tr	PRES	" Then the shadow self , whom I confused with me . "
tr	PAST	My body froze once again , but this time , not out of fear , but out of anything but fear .
tr	PAST	It rumbled deep in its throat and the redness of its eyes deepened in fury and hunger .
tr	PRES	Cain took my wrist and began tugging me along behind him , the excitement infectious .
tr	PAST	He replaced his glasses on his face .
tr	PAST	" Twenty francs , " he grunted back and shoved the bottle our way .
tr	PAST	Their heat produced small beads of sweat on the back of my neck .
tr	PAST	Brown cocked an eyebrow at him .
tr	PAST	Woodpecker submitted to me a detailed report of the Infirmary with many shocking photographs .
tr	PRES	Harlin enters , his hands in his pockets as he takes in the scene .
tr	PRES	Crack , snap , snap .
tr	PAST	No doubt playing in hopes of luring the splashing hot tub mermaid back to his place .
tr	PAST	He eluded it by bending himself downward .
tr	PRES	These new emotions almost scare me more than fighting my way through Murderers .
tr	PRES	She reluctantly stands , piles some bacon and pancakes onto a plate , then sits down next to me .
tr	PRES	Even though I 'd brushed off orange peels to read the review of our play .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Carla .
tr	PAST	Erin flattened herself in the stone box .
tr	PAST	They rotated silently beneath dark domes in the ceiling .
tr	PRES	She loves him , I realize , and he 's shut her out .
tr	PAST	Shea 's soft voice swirled in his mind , caught fragments of his thoughts and seemed to piece him back together .
tr	PAST	The shower exhilarated her .
tr	PAST	She quickly donned the apron again .
tr	PRES	Because he belongs to me now . "
tr	PAST	As Mason pounded across hard dirt , his teams unleashed seven levels of hell on the Lycans .
tr	PAST	He described the visit in as much detail as he could .
tr	PRES	" Funny how your parents turning out to be Reapers totally kills your social life . "
tr	PAST	She sniffed once and drained the rest of her water , then sat clutching the glass as though it might provide her with some comfort .
tr	PAST	Now they both fell asleep at the same moment , awoke at the same moment , and when they dreamed , they dreamed as one .
tr	PRES	My family owes him a great debt .
tr	PRES	Silence falls over them .
tr	PAST	He prevailed as he had done last time , and was confronted with a ferocious tirade , adequately punctuated with profanities .
tr	PRES	" Aliens , " mutters Sarah jokingly .
tr	PRES	I snap , scowling .
tr	PAST	We split with friends who attacked one of our own . "
tr	PRES	She opens the passenger side door to her corvette and rushes me inside .
tr	PRES	' Twyla draws houses like that .
tr	PAST	He regarded her quietly as he tried to make sense of what he was feeling .
tr	PRES	She slows herself so her footsteps cannot be caught on the sound track and strides noiselessly around to behind the camera operator .
tr	PAST	" What about the Assisted Living and Care Center ? "
tr	PAST	Then , Mason came back , " Got it . "
tr	PRES	Whatever the color , the shape , the design of the shade that conceals it , the flame inside the lamp remains the same .
tr	PAST	I fiddled about with the shower dials for a while , confused by the settings until water poured from the shower head .
tr	PAST	While the women moved to gather around her , the men regarded her husband with thinly veiled anger .
tr	PAST	the goddess ' voice boomed across the temple built in her honor .
tr	PAST	My smile faltered when I saw it wasn 't Dex .
tr	PAST	I froze , my butt still cocked to the left from my last celebratory hip swing .
tr	PAST	I inquired , resting my fingers against the stone .
tr	PRES	He parks on the seventh floor and we head for the entrance .
tr	PAST	He motioned to one of the servants standing around , watching the sideshow .
tr	PRES	Pain for him , pain for me , rips at my heart .
tr	PAST	Nina clutched her heart .
tr	PAST	" When you say , Spirit plane , do you mean she proved Heaven exists ? "
tr	PAST	He tipped a little pile onto the table and started the same process I recognised from the Department of Magic , sorting through it with slow deliberation .
tr	PRES	" That 's not all , " I gulp .
tr	PRES	Sensing the irony in my gesture , she sniffs then strides out of the room , closing the door behind her .
tr	PAST	Byron nuzzled her throat .
tr	PRES	My mountain man wears loafers ?
tr	PAST	Her gazes linger on me , taking my measure .
tr	PRES	There lies the mystery . "
tr	PAST	He risked a look over his shoulder as he gained height and saw the faceless masses staring up at him -- if indeed they could stare .
tr	PRES	But the smoke takes over my body , slows down my circulation , my breathing .
tr	PAST	" So basically , you orchestrated all of this . "
tr	PAST	" You 're going to learn to mind me even if I have to beat the lesson into you , " she screeched .
tr	PAST	When I actually indulged in three sips of wine ? "
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice actually sounding concerned .
tr	PAST	A single exposed bulb flicked and then glowed steadily from a socket in the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" Did they threaten to do the same thing to you ? "
tr	PRES	He loves the theatre for its community .
tr	PAST	her mother reiterated with urgency .
tr	PRES	" If I have to , " I chuckle then give the order for the marbles to lead us to Shark .
tr	PRES	Cooper stands up and goes for another cup of coffee .
tr	PRES	" Separate ranges ? "
tr	PRES	" I assume you don 't mean the woman standing next to me , but the tart in the red lingerie . "
tr	PAST	Tanya motioned for Tom to step forward and he did .
tr	PAST	She doubted anyone at the office would object to his relationship with Phoebe .
tr	PRES	They ' l kil you !
tr	PRES	I 'll be slurring before our shift starts , " I grumble with a quick nod to Nate as I pass through .
tr	PAST	The old woman 's features brightened and then she looked at the girl .
tr	PAST	I chased after her .
tr	PRES	" What brings you in so early ? "
tr	PRES	She was a siren half naked in her delicate dress , her nails a soft pink , lips full and wet .
tr	PRES	" That 's ok , I guess , " I mumbled at last .
tr	PAST	The gan crawled up on the bed beside him , fangs bared and ears pinned back , and crouched close enough to strike should it be necessary .
tr	PAST	Standing before the window , she tugged all the snarl 's from her hair and allowed it to fall softly across her shoulders .
tr	PRES	The other one quit on me a couple of years ago and I installed a new one .
tr	PRES	The Dead God 's face warped into a shadowed grin .
tr	PRES	" A coma ? "
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed just as Robin was dabbing perfume on her wrists .
tr	PAST	Edward sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	High pitched dragging of nails across human steel .
tr	PAST	" Works just as advertised . "
tr	PRES	I bat his hand away .
tr	PRES	It hadn 't made Simon feel any better to know that Kara had rebuffed Sam , bitch slapping him hard enough to leave a mark .
tr	PRES	" She likes boys and girls . "
tr	PAST	" I risked my ass to save your life .
tr	PRES	Getting any closer to her than a teammate wouldn 't do her any favors with Sen either .
tr	PAST	He collected a drop of blood on his finger and touched it to the necklace .
tr	PRES	" You cannot be that fickle , " she teased .
tr	PRES	" The pipes aren 't going to break , Susannah .
tr	PRES	She tries to stand up but stumbles back .
tr	PRES	Oh no , what if one of them sees me here ?
tr	PAST	I froze there , devastated , holding the tiny wrench and taking in the spectacle .
tr	PRES	What does matter is your age at the time you slew it .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " I gulp .
tr	PRES	" Salvatore Moretti ? "
tr	PAST	Rose steered Mrs. Jones toward the Denby pottery display .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped several beats .
tr	PRES	I salute you . "
tr	PAST	I lied to my parents about it , about the torn clothing , the bruises , the bleeding .
tr	PAST	My jaw smacked off my knee .
tr	PRES	Two urinals and two stalls instead of the big old square room .
tr	PRES	Jack pins him to the dirt .
tr	PAST	With his free hand , he caressed her face in the same manner .
tr	PRES	" I 'll help , " Brielle offers , walking over with a handful of paper towels .
tr	PAST	a familiar male voice boomed in Kylie 's ears , and she wanted more than anything to answer him .
tr	PAST	Ripped muscles curved along his arms .
tr	PRES	You goin ' to school together , then ? "
tr	PAST	Before man invented the rifle , the tiger flourished .
tr	PRES	" Now since all of you are so eager to do something , mount up , turn around and go warn the Queen . "
tr	PRES	Now , seriously lets get you in the shower and do something about your hair .
tr	PRES	He announces , quickly beginning his trek toward the treasure .
tr	PAST	The physician donned his hat .
tr	PAST	The engine droned on as they approached the pass .
tr	PAST	" Would you slap me if I say yes ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted it could get much worse .
tr	PRES	Probably something along the lines of ; ' Hi ... err ... I just saw you go in here and hoped you were OK ... you are ?
tr	PRES	Logan lets me go , and I look at Matt .
tr	PRES	Grant likes to fix things .
tr	PRES	It just causes more problems . "
tr	PRES	' Thanks , ' I said , reluctant .
tr	PAST	Heads rotated to glimpse the source of disruption .
tr	PRES	Helping me feed the animals ?
tr	PAST	She thanked Creation for progress in time travel .
tr	PAST	She lied to me .
tr	PAST	We rotated shifts , a barrage of bullets , and then the cleanup crews .
tr	PRES	Nora reaches for me , and I tense .
tr	PAST	He caressed her hand at the same time .
tr	PRES	Those poor unfortunate souls .
tr	PAST	Luc motioned the orderlies over .
tr	PAST	Scared , she tugged her hand from the sea monster 's grip , careless of the sharp claws .
tr	PRES	Chapter Five Lyssa Lyssa leaned against the door listening to Toby 's truck rumble away .
tr	PAST	Mike 's focal point lingered on the horseshoe shaped dance floor that stretched around the front of the stage .
tr	PRES	He proceeds to find a seat between Nora and Ms. Myrtle .
tr	PAST	I quit breathing all together .
tr	PRES	" He hates it .
tr	PAST	" Uh huh , " I extended my arm , glancing back at Liam .
tr	PRES	" I think this is more like apple pudding , " he teased , then took a bite .
tr	PAST	He shrank back into the corner farther .
tr	PAST	Caleb saluted and left Jeffery to observation deck with his thoughts .
tr	PRES	( I assume you shower daily , as do I. And we both dress well without going totally broke in the process .
tr	PAST	She sensed the movement of the men in the darkness and began to crawl backward , away from Nicolas .
tr	PAST	Abe and Horace flattened themselves against the window to get out of the boy 's way .
tr	PRES	He pushes hard into me one last time , before pulling out and drops to his knees .
tr	PRES	And while we 're lulling them to sleep with our pretty faces and pretty words , we infiltrate .
tr	PRES	Before I have a chance to ask , someone slams into Trystan .
tr	PAST	Two more eyes emerged from the shadow .
tr	PAST	The heady scent of the orangey soap Noel always used tickled Aria 's nose .
tr	PAST	Catherine blamed herself for that .
tr	PRES	This conspiracy reaches far .
tr	PAST	" That 's how you get to happily ever after , " she stated in no uncertain terms .
tr	PAST	The witch regarded frozen Alicia with a critical eye .
tr	PRES	" A one-two punch . "
tr	PRES	He lets his glass hit the surface too loudly and winces .
tr	PAST	While she waited for the steam to build , she washed the instruments , then placed them in the sterilizer .
tr	PRES	Her hand rose to his face , her quivering fingertips brushing over his sinner 's mouth .
tr	PRES	" Please , " the mother begged .
tr	PRES	My stomach thumps like a heartbeat at the sight of it .
tr	PAST	He replaced the receiver , clearly shaken .
tr	PAST	And I deliberately flicked my gaze to his crotch .
tr	PAST	He prowled along the chalk circle .
tr	PAST	Stephen produced a straight pin and poked Mikaela 's small , bare feet , saying nothing when she failed to respond .
tr	PRES	She passes right by me .
tr	PAST	The volley of shots ceased as if someone had given an order .
tr	PRES	He deserves all he gets .
tr	PRES	" If you want to get to dazzling . "
tr	PRES	" So she never paid for killing three people , " I flinch , " four people ? "
tr	PRES	And at this point , she throws up her hands and waves them around .
tr	PAST	I bide my time , harassing him , slaying his servants , while I seek an opportunity to take his life .
tr	PAST	Liam , damn his eyes , pretended to ignore him .
tr	PRES	Slap , slap , slap .
tr	PRES	" But I teach at your school .
tr	PRES	He 's beside Ginny , his chin resting on her lap .
tr	PAST	They clasped forearms briefly , and Riva smiled .
tr	PAST	At least she prayed he was asleep .
tr	PRES	" Just sing . "
tr	PRES	He drums his fingers on the scarred tabletop .
tr	PRES	" The rules of life , death and our immortal souls . "
tr	PAST	Eric stares at the angel before replying .
tr	PAST	Morgan cocked her head , considering this .
tr	PAST	Looking at the menu boards Raphael predicted an inferior supper to his mum 's French cuisine .
tr	PAST	A portrait of the President in an impressive uniform adorned the wall behind the reception desk .
tr	PAST	I propped her head up so that it was level with mine .
tr	PAST	" Every night climbing into bed I dreamed of touching you , hearing you cry out in pleasure . "
tr	PAST	shouted Dmitri as he dove through the hole .
tr	PAST	Teddy 's blond hair and brown eyes mirrored mine .
tr	PAST	" No sex , " Delilah giggled .
tr	PRES	" My god . "
tr	PAST	" You know , I don 't like the way he was checking you out , " she stated .
tr	PAST	Her hand fisted his hair .
tr	PAST	Mike 's mind rotated in a mental tailspin .
tr	PRES	A corner of his eye twitches .
tr	PRES	" My old arthritis bothers me at night .
tr	PRES	The cat loves it , preferring Luca 's lap over mine .
tr	PRES	" My earlier point remains .
tr	PAST	His mouth slowly curved into a dazzling smile that curled Tessa 's toes and did a lot of chaotic damage on the way to reaching her extremities .
tr	PRES	Lila glides her hand up the front of his chest , stands on her tiptoes , and kisses his neck .
tr	PRES	" It still stands ?
tr	PAST	" You 're not done until you clean up the mess , " he announced harshly .
tr	PAST	He had chased the demon from the vicinity of our camp .
tr	PAST	Lines deepened on Jared 's brow , a frown marring his face .
tr	PAST	Her mother and father , along with all of her family , treated her appallingly . "
tr	PAST	The pilot readjusted his position to center himself behind the long control rods and waited for the tank to fill .
tr	PRES	A fatal dose for an adult ranges from 50 to 100 milligrams . "
tr	PAST	A heavy groan rumbled in his chest when he did .
tr	PRES	In fact , seeing Riley delete the messages had made me happy .
tr	PRES	" Miss Cameron ... Miss Cameron ... " She was shaken out of a deep reverie .
tr	PRES	" Stupid car , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	I reflected on my short , yet fast pace relationship with Taylor .
tr	PAST	My body convulsed in pain as I healed the wound as quickly as I could .
tr	PAST	Lots of people get a buzz out of using them , ' she stated matter-of-factly .
tr	PRES	Only Nadia pays no attention , still muttering her spell , gaze fixed on Lord Loss .
tr	PRES	The last air lift draws me up towards a door on the second level .
tr	PRES	His patience all but gone already , the boy subconsciously begins to flex his knuckles , unintentionally promoting his thoughts of violence .
tr	PAST	' Feeding time , Baron , ' I rasped in a harsh , guttural voice .
tr	PRES	The DAA tries to administer an ability slowly with blocks and suppressors .
tr	PRES	The nurse stops , admiring his French accent .
tr	PRES	It holds the form of a thin decrepit man .
tr	PAST	Ramirez 's pen froze .
tr	PRES	" What Mistborn ? "
tr	PRES	" Hurry , lass - you 're slower than molasses in January ! "
tr	PAST	Rolling over , she squinted at the clock .
tr	PRES	Something that looks like pity fills Connor 's face .
tr	PRES	He turns back to Sara who is currently looking pretty vexed , at me , I assume .
tr	PRES	" And then you snuck out of here this morning ! "
tr	PAST	Her voice bounced from the walls , echoing harshly in the silence .
tr	PRES	" What causes it ? "
tr	PAST	I sensed something had changed between us ; the air felt thick and heavy .
tr	PAST	She flapped the envelope .
tr	PAST	When Dagmar felt something brush against her ass , her entire body jolted .
tr	PRES	Storm slides her foot across the sticky green stain left by my detergent .
tr	PAST	John blanched , choked , and glanced around to ascertain whether or not Jen 's remark had been overheard .
tr	PAST	The heart glowed an instant and then dissolved .
tr	PRES	* * * I 'm on the roof of a high-rise building again as rain falls all around me .
tr	PRES	He glances at his watch .
tr	PAST	While Tobias remained silent , the Prosecutor derived great pleasure from watching him sink deeper into the abyss of humiliation with each question posed .
tr	PRES	" Why even involve me ? "
tr	PAST	My sobs that I tried to hide shattered my voice .
tr	PAST	She pitched her voice to carry to the young ones .
tr	PAST	I motioned with my chin toward Snake and his fellow thugs .
tr	PRES	Plus , he pays mileage for all our driving .
tr	PRES	" I should have left a note , " Bret mumbled .
tr	PRES	I mutter in a stupor .
tr	PRES	" Sudden creepy feeling . "
tr	PAST	Kara 's stomach churned within her .
tr	PRES	There in lies the problem .
tr	PAST	She held it out and from behind her a hand extended from the shadows .
tr	PRES	She slams the bathroom door in my face and I sit down on the couch to wait for her .
tr	PAST	But her scent lingered in the air and he 'd woken up aroused , ready to reach for her again .
tr	PRES	Messick stops because he knows what 's coming next and wants it to have a real impact .
tr	PAST	" You 're up " Dante yawned , as he sat down on the seat next to Tammy .
tr	PAST	" I 've got cheese , " he reported to his co-pilot , John , half asleep on a chair by the door .
tr	PRES	" Three tries . "
tr	PAST	" Aaron , time is kind of important right now , " I attempted to remind him .
tr	PAST	He hopped off the bike and started walking , breathing deep and trying to calm himself down .
tr	PAST	With a groan he claimed her mouth fully .
tr	PAST	I pretended to be asleep , embarrassed by the Queen 's intense prayers .
tr	PRES	This fails to specify the exact nature of your attentions . "
tr	PAST	" Talk to Annie , " she advised , setting her pride aside long enough to plead with him .
tr	PRES	Jim returns with a fresh coffee and digs into the cereal , toast and bacon .
tr	PRES	" Just being polite . "
tr	PRES	He opens the door . )
tr	PAST	You just dumped a load on me .
tr	PAST	I elbowed Cora , who grinned .
tr	PRES	" If you haven 't mastered walking by now ... " Laney opens her mouth to object , but is cut off by a new arrival .
tr	PRES	" I can breathe under water , " I add helpfully .
tr	PRES	A wildness that matched his own .
tr	PRES	Behind her , the door to the stairwell opens , and Tobias steps out with Marcus and Caleb behind him , almost unnoticed .
tr	PRES	" Oh that good old Hugo , eh . "
tr	PRES	The last of the day 's light seeps beneath the mountainous west slowly , the cloudy sky advertising the dark night that is to follow .
tr	PRES	He loves you , and I can 't deny his feelings for you .
tr	PAST	He extended the glass to her once again .
tr	PAST	Twisting around in my seat , I inhaled the unique outdoorsy scent that was all him .
tr	PAST	2 Thelma , Peter and their son Gerald sobbed all through dinner .
tr	PAST	She danced back from his fingertips and smiled teasingly , while her heart tried to pound its way out of her chest .
tr	PAST	The other day I attended a pretty special celebration , a graduation .
tr	PRES	" How about ten bucks ?
tr	PRES	A low murmur drifts out from the rest of the Undine .
tr	PAST	I quit guessing about things a long time ago .
tr	PAST	Janey extended a martini to her then , and she took it with a quick nod of thanks .
tr	PAST	My mouth curved as I checked myself out .
tr	PAST	He strummed his thumb against the steering wheel , as if lost in thought .
tr	PAST	Deep inside , where instinct sizzled and crackled , he experienced a sudden knowing .
tr	PAST	Small glowing bulbs sprouted overhead like clusters of Christmas lights .
tr	PRES	He uses that distraction to get out from underneath me , knocking me over and then he is gone .
tr	PAST	He was in the right place at the right time , " stated Adrian .
tr	PRES	I scream , ears ringing , head pounding , my body wanting to split in two .
tr	PAST	The boys here volunteered to show ya around , right fellas ? "
tr	PAST	He quickly dumped the spent shells from Sol 's cylinder and began to feed in fresh rounds .
tr	PRES	" Facility schematics not found . "
tr	PAST	I sensed it go to the east side of the house .
tr	PAST	A white human skull bounced to the stone floor and rolled away .
tr	PRES	After a moment , the door opens again and Cole runs to catch up with me .
tr	PRES	I ruffled his hair and gave him another Pepsi .
tr	PAST	" In fact , I dreamed it , so I 'm certain he did . "
tr	PRES	She reaches behind her and feels around for anything and comes up with a screwdriver , which she grips hard and drives into the man 's neck .
tr	PAST	Thick brambles of dead brush replaced luscious grass as we continued deeper into the swamp .
tr	PRES	But it brings up a thought .
tr	PAST	Jade tensed up , as if Joey 's question were a threat .
tr	PAST	Kelly churned the new layers to Ethan in her mind .
tr	PAST	I 've never been there before , " she stated defensively .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you back ?
tr	PAST	" You deaf , kitty ? "
tr	PAST	He belted up and began the startup sequence .
tr	PRES	Constance considers for a moment .
tr	PRES	He tries to raise himself up , but sways and falls backward again .
tr	PAST	" Wait , " Drew exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" To keep you two rolling in dough .
tr	PAST	And when his hand crept up over hers , that spark leaped into a flame .
tr	PAST	Clay sensed he had struck a chord .
tr	PRES	" If something should happen to the duchess , " she continues , " he stands to inherit the kingdom .
tr	PRES	" Kid loves carrots .
tr	PAST	I just freaked out , okay ? "
tr	PAST	The aunts risked everything to save Lara .
tr	PRES	" Extra guest ? "
tr	PRES	The musicians of still another orchestra tuned their instruments .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand in greeting .
tr	PRES	I text him instead .
tr	PAST	I pondered her words , trying to figure out exactly how the situation made me feel .
tr	PAST	Aly ambled ahead of me , balancing in these cute little chunky boots she wore with that dress .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , pointing at the bear mascot on the label .
tr	PAST	Anakin collapsed into his chair .
tr	PRES	" Oh hush , not in front of my dog . "
tr	PAST	Duncan stiffened for the old man 's response .
tr	PAST	The blade of the broom split into a dozen spikes .
tr	PRES	Ethan slides down the wall and sits beside me .
tr	PAST	His big voice boomed in her ear , reminding her how much she 'd looked forward to his visits when she was younger .
tr	PRES	" What about Eva ? "
tr	PAST	I smacked my forehead .
tr	PRES	We goin ' right up the middle ? "
tr	PRES	His chin lifted in dismissive scorn .
tr	PAST	" Look what I found , " she announced as she walked into the bathroom .
tr	PAST	The inspector regarded me coldly : " We will see about that soon enough . "
tr	PAST	She shrank back as Manuel spoke again , because this time he was right outside the fitting room area .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you dare ... " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Are you receiving ? '
tr	PRES	After what feels like a decade , I settle into the passenger seat of Emerson 's Chevy .
tr	PAST	They battled through the hallways , their skills too similar for either to gain ascendency over the other .
tr	PAST	I projected my words loudly , loud enough that the people around us heard .
tr	PRES	Will arrive at LAX early tomorrow A.M. Ask Abel to turn on his phone .
tr	PAST	" Listen , " Nick urged his son .
tr	PRES	Taking a bracing breath , she padded into the sitting room , her bare feet silent on the thick carpet .
tr	PRES	She stands in front of me completely naked .
tr	PAST	" That 's probably a better idea , " I mumbled , taking the few shaky steps that led me back outside into the cool night air .
tr	PRES	But now - " Her voice was growing hoarse .
tr	PRES	' Just some more tests .
tr	PAST	Hanna froze and listened .
tr	PAST	In front of her rises a massive curving transparent bulkhead beyond which is an incredible panoramic view of Jupiter and her many moons .
tr	PRES	My knees weaken at the memory of him kneeling in front of me , his hands on my thighs , his tongue deep inside my sex .
tr	PRES	This strikes me as a fine example of karma in action . "
tr	PAST	' Don 't suffocate . ' '
tr	PAST	But a bikini swimsuit revealed more .
tr	PAST	" Stand up , " Tabitha instructed doing so herself .
tr	PAST	Happiness plopped my mind -- along with series of feelings that I couldn 't describe , as if I was overjoyed that he came .
tr	PAST	Rope glided through her grip .
tr	PRES	" Diet Coke ? "
tr	PAST	" Solicitors , " Jordan provided helpfully , " handle these things . ' "
tr	PRES	The man mutters , " Fuck , " and continues to search .
tr	PAST	" The truth is , " he grunted the rest on three , hard , punctuating thrusts , " You .
tr	PAST	He slapped her again , his gut clenching when she cried out and pressed even closer , begging for more .
tr	PAST	Zack dismissed the help with a smile , then gestured at the bottles .
tr	PAST	" They erected a huge dome force field and filled it with air so that we can walk about and get the sunlight .
tr	PRES	he whispers , mostly to himself .
tr	PRES	Once her foot touches it , she relaxes as she steps down on the one below .
tr	PAST	She freed the blade , and then moved back before delivering a final blow to make sure the bastard was truly finished .
tr	PAST	Amanda almost squealed as she stepped out of her skirt .
tr	PAST	" What about fingerprints and so on ? "
tr	PAST	Her breathing sped up , and a fizzing kind of pressure built inside her .
tr	PAST	My finger glided with silken ease across my aching slit .
tr	PRES	What about him bothers you so ? "
tr	PAST	She shrieked and backed into me .
tr	PRES	He clutches my hand and with his alarming strength forces me to plunge the knife deep into his chest .
tr	PRES	My little pep talks falls flat .
tr	PAST	His hand in my hair fisted when his voice dropped as he shared , " And I watched my father die during a challenge .
tr	PRES	Her green eyes shine on her heart-shaped , light toned face .
tr	PAST	His light blue eyes twinkled .
tr	PAST	" That longboard is 10,000 , " Summer reported .
tr	PAST	Its light bronzed the guard 's helmet and halberd .
tr	PAST	Fresh out of the shower , Zayne tugged a plain black T-shirt on over his head .
tr	PAST	Time sped up in the way that time can when you 're happy and content .
tr	PAST	She feared he 'd use Max 's special needs as a reason to dump them long before they reached Utah .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head on one side as if he was listening to something .
tr	PRES	But then a realization begins to itch in her brain and her smile disappears ; her eyes widen .
tr	PAST	His fingers glided over her pulse .
tr	PAST	You fled a traitor and return an honorable man that I would not be ashamed to call my son . "
tr	PAST	Normally lights flock to me when I summon them but these patches resist .
tr	PAST	But Sarah must have sensed something was bothering him because he saw her worried eyes .
tr	PRES	I lean my body weight into him and jam his hand against the stone wall of the lodge .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Patterson trusted me to save his daughter 's life , and I 've - " He could not go on .
tr	PRES	" Look it up , " he mutters .
tr	PRES	" But surely it keeps you occupied and gives you a chance to meet people , stops you ending up talking to yourself and going insane " .
tr	PAST	" Well , since this is going nowhere , I might as well go and call Stephan , " he suddenly announced .
tr	PRES	" There were things going on between you and me , too , " I snap .
tr	PAST	She froze and shrieked , " Go to hell ! "
tr	PRES	" Despite the loyalty a Citizen owes to the Crown and its heirs . "
tr	PRES	Anxiety flashes across his face and is gone .
tr	PRES	As we stopped moving , still clutching each other , I heard someone downstairs say , " Hello ? "
tr	PAST	Monkeys squealed , and a symphony of insects sounded in my ears .
tr	PAST	Looking into her eyes , Rachel sensed a deep weariness .
tr	PRES	How delightful to see you ! "
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed as bright as a furnace .
tr	PAST	It reflected as well on the mirror of the lake .
tr	PRES	" No , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Ross 's voice pitched a little higher than usual .
tr	PRES	I pul salt out from under pepper , which fal s to the table perfectly .
tr	PRES	" But ... what about coffee with Clark ? "
tr	PAST	Truthfully , she desired him no ill will ( nor Mila and the rest of them ) .
tr	PAST	I referred to the same base image I always had .
tr	PAST	Just as he promised , Sam proved himself to be a complete gentleman , happy to keep things decent .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter as I end the call .
tr	PAST	" Give me at least three hours or maybe a little more , " Scott relayed after keying the radio .
tr	PRES	" I am sorry , " she whispers when I 'm beside her .
tr	PAST	Instead , he preferred to remain in Westfield .
tr	PRES	He approaches calmly , languidly , untouched by either the flames or the falling timbers .
tr	PRES	He points a finger at me and says , " I 'm warning you , Bannister .
tr	PRES	" You need a hair cut , " I blurt out .
tr	PRES	He holds me close , warming me .
tr	PRES	' My hat ! '
tr	PRES	The people arrive slowly .
tr	PRES	" Okay , usually a lot wilder than that . "
tr	PRES	The Khazars exact a stiff tribute , but they earn it with the lives of their young men . "
tr	PRES	I yell as I pull on my sweats .
tr	PAST	Em cleaned the place up .
tr	PAST	* * * Simon stared at the Coyote while Montgomery 's words circled around him , closing in .
tr	PAST	Lord knew that many chapters in Russian history had opened and closed within those ancient edifices , each topped with gilded onion domes and elaborate Byzantine crosses .
tr	PAST	Soon his mind and eyes , disoriented and lost , swirled in confusion .
tr	PAST	Each door they passed through required a passcode of some sort .
tr	PAST	Her angular features barely reflected her age .
tr	PAST	Lips curved into a conspirator 's smile , the woman plucked up a different pair .
tr	PRES	" They feed you just enough of the truth to keep you stupid . "
tr	PRES	A sob chokes me .
tr	PRES	She hauled herself into a sitting position .
tr	PAST	Dreamer pretended to gaze out the window , oblivious to Miriam 's voice .
tr	PRES	" My people on his range ?
tr	PAST	Both collapsed and fell into fits of laughter .
tr	PAST	" You 've already had your bottle , I wager , " she sniffed .
tr	PAST	Her brain screeched to a halt .
tr	PAST	A violent tremor pulsed through her body and Shai collapsed against the wall .
tr	PRES	" I assume that was during one of your lowest moments ? "
tr	PRES	A patrol of soldiers stops him .
tr	PRES	A sub universe or a ' scenario ' if you will .
tr	PAST	Goon saluted and hurried smartly out of the room .
tr	PRES	" I mean , five minutes Mo ?
tr	PRES	He paces into one tunnel , then another , testing each .
tr	PRES	His hand slides over my cheek , making me want to hurl .
tr	PRES	" I waited , " Cherie whispers once more .
tr	PRES	Some of our earliest records connect those two symbols to the Canaanite god of human sacrifice . "
tr	PRES	He reaches behind his desk and pulls out something that looks similar to the glass cube with the wolf head .
tr	PAST	Liam 's heart immediately skipped a beat when he recognised him as Dr Graham Ernest from his photo in the brochure .
tr	PAST	His elbow propped on the windowsill , and a fist cushioned his head .
tr	PAST	As he lightly slid his hands from the swell of her breasts down to her hips , the wicked gleam in his eyes stole her breath .
tr	PRES	" Jane wears a mask now .
tr	PRES	I peel off my clammy sweater and wipe the rain from my eyes .
tr	PRES	He loves every part of my body , worshipping my arms and my legs and my lips .
tr	PRES	' But Miss Lee , ' Fallon begun .
tr	PAST	I braced myself with my hands on the floor -- nasty -- but better my hands than my face .
tr	PRES	He outstretched his hand , " Can you come with me for a minute ? "
tr	PRES	I shout over at him mentally .
tr	PAST	He never doubted her , questioned her , or held this over her head .
tr	PRES	Of course , History blames Edward IV 's death on a sudden chill , caused by a fishing party on the Thames .
tr	PRES	" It won 't last , " Realm snaps .
tr	PRES	" Oh fuck , " he murmurs as he reaches his depth inside me .
tr	PAST	Max 's deep , sarcastic chuckle boomed in my head .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , " Even Thomas comes by for dinner every few years .
tr	PRES	The truck stops a few feet ahead of me , and Christina leaps out of the passenger seat , throwing her arms around me .
tr	PRES	My sincerest apology . "
tr	PRES	She holds her head high like a queen when approaching her subjects as she walks up to me with her arms outstretched .
tr	PRES	He opens the doors and we make the short journey to the doctor 's office .
tr	PRES	What ought I to beware of ? "
tr	PRES	He was up , eyes alight with passion .
tr	PAST	Whether a million acres wide or fifty feet , the black sanctum shrank to a narrow corridor in Jason 's mind .
tr	PAST	" You just have to dive back in for round two and then it 's time to dance , " Amber announced .
tr	PRES	" Expecting anybody else ? "
tr	PAST	I highly doubted it .
tr	PAST	She proved over and over to me that she was the one for me .
tr	PAST	I instructed while crossing my arms .
tr	PRES	Cricket reaches out and brushes my neck .
tr	PRES	It fits on my ring finger perfectly .
tr	PRES	Before Five can reply , Nine reaches out with his telekinesis .
tr	PRES	" Daniels loves it .
tr	PAST	Martin re-entered the room with a plastic cup of water .
tr	PRES	He remembers your names but has utterly forgotten mine . "
tr	PRES	" And our pup .
tr	PAST	Something tugged inside me .
tr	PRES	She misses me if I don 't call . '
tr	PAST	Marcus and Micah were sequestered with Winkler , Trajan , Shirley and her Second , a werewolf named Carlos , inside Marcus ' van .
tr	PRES	As it exhales , the body relaxes itself in the same way a coat becomes loose when it is not being worn .
tr	PRES	He whispers my name and now I really can 't think .
tr	PAST	Gene still acted funny since their phone call , almost angry .
tr	PRES	I turned to lead the way , Logan wordlessly at my side .
tr	PRES	" Go on , " I urge .
tr	PAST	They worshipped ancient gods and , as rumor had it , carried out animal sacrifices before statues of those gods .
tr	PAST	Finally he hacked off , rejoining the semicircle of gray apes around Elliot 's head .
tr	PRES	He pushes the trident out to her so aggressively Serena has to take a step back .
tr	PRES	" Whatever , " I mumbled as I placed the folder on top of my stack of books .
tr	PAST	Leaning from his bed he clicked rewind to listen to the demo from the start .
tr	PAST	" She created a gateway . "
tr	PAST	At first , her voice wavered .
tr	PRES	Newton 's gravity remains as a mysterious force that acts across empty space by means unknown .
tr	PAST	Alethea spun , prepared to show her assailant why she excelled at kickboxing , then froze when she saw who had taken her phone .
tr	PRES	He actually clears my head .
tr	PRES	" I know it , lass .
tr	PRES	He can get it pulled , he hears you doing anything you shouldn 't be into .
tr	PAST	She eyed me , her inner conflict evident in the heave of her chest and the firmness of her expression .
tr	PRES	He stares at her nodding .
tr	PAST	With an air of absolute scorn , he limped over to inspect the newest arrival .
tr	PRES	" My group pays better .
tr	PAST	Steve fetched a first-aid kit from a shelf behind the couch .
tr	PRES	Very dangerous , those carrots .
tr	PRES	Her face softens , but only for a moment .
tr	PAST	Alfonso glided down the stairs , two at a time ... Almost there .
tr	PRES	" And one strip of meat .
tr	PRES	" In her bed , Highness . "
tr	PAST	He held his cane between his knees , his hand resting lightly atop the dragon 's - head carving .
tr	PAST	Together , they produced a sound that wrapped not only around the listener , but around all the world , so that the whole world became theirs .
tr	PAST	But none dared to engage the strange , wild men on their own ground .
tr	PAST	His emotions no longer ruled him .
tr	PRES	He reaches up to tip his hat toward her , ignoring her comment , making his way over to me .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six It was nearly eight when McCoy arrived home .
tr	PRES	With his other hand , he produces a heavy wooden mallet from within his cloaks .
tr	PRES	A climbing wall dominates the wall near me , promising hours of tricky handholds and painful falls .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	I warn you though .
tr	PRES	" Anything else you require , Princess ? "
tr	PAST	He dove for the gun on the floor .
tr	PAST	I bounced my arms up and down impatiently .
tr	PAST	She scooted her chair away , trying to gain some room so she could breathe .
tr	PRES	" It just doesn 't grab me , you dig ?
tr	PAST	They shattered like glass against her flashing katana , sprinkling the tile with slippery shards .
tr	PAST	Just as they had each day since he first experienced her -- as Vincent Valentine .
tr	PAST	Ebi giggled and blushed weirdly before laughing out much louder .
tr	PRES	It kills me I let him talk me out of getting you help years ago . "
tr	PAST	He sniffed and stiffened .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " the guard holding her upper arm mumbled .
tr	PAST	" As long as I 've been in this house , there has been no love here , " Mrs. K announced .
tr	PAST	Mary drafted the official handbook , and ever since then , all Smitten Kittens doubled as official cheater catchers .
tr	PAST	Dean tipped the water back and drained half the bottle , extinguishing the fire in his throat .
tr	PRES	After several very long moments , I lean down and pick up the telephone .
tr	PRES	He pushes in and out fast , over and over again while I struggle to breathe .
tr	PAST	He bolts out of his chair and strides around the desk , extending his hand with a professional air .
tr	PRES	The justice of the peace stands between them , and my grandparents move front and center , all but wrinkling their noses .
tr	PRES	An airplane flew silently overhead , its red light blinking on and off .
tr	PAST	Rachel exclaimed , voice trembling .
tr	PAST	Pierce storms in and walks to the fridge .
tr	PAST	He withdrew and sat next to Grace .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth while she waited for Carlo 's laughter to die down .
tr	PAST	I dismissed the thoughts of Marcus and continued with my run .
tr	PAST	Gabe cocked his head to the side and studied the wolf with faint interest .
tr	PRES	" The Poke County thing ? "
tr	PRES	" This stops now .
tr	PAST	Rebecca pondered it as she and Laura stopped in front of a haberdashery to admire some ribbons .
tr	PRES	" Soon , " he agreed , his voice sobering .
tr	PRES	Nine snarls as he stops in front of us , staring us down .
tr	PRES	Flynn stood up and dusted himself off , the arrow shafts miraculously removed from his chest and leaving no holes in his tunic .
tr	PAST	She squealed and tried to break free of his grip .
tr	PAST	With that , she adjusted her legs wider and guided the head of me , to the entrance of her .
tr	PAST	Although they were all Portuguese , he doubted there would be much talking to be had anyway .
tr	PAST	They trusted him implicitly , and he had earned that trust the hard way .
tr	PRES	" No headaches . "
tr	PAST	Judson and Nick emerged from the cave .
tr	PRES	I mutter and head to the ladder .
tr	PRES	Even playing music , silly though he felt .
tr	PRES	Trying to call Katrina , " Doug supplies the information Baldwin is missing .
tr	PRES	The inquisition remains far too soft .
tr	PRES	" By kil ing the odd vampire or two . "
tr	PAST	She clutched at his shoulders , the tiny quakes of pleasure still shooting through her .
tr	PAST	Amanda 's face froze for a minute .
tr	PAST	She sped up , leaping over a bent piece of metal , then dodging a piece of burning timber .
tr	PRES	' Dorchester , ha ! '
tr	PAST	We 're here to give you a chance to clear your name , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" How long of a nap ? "
tr	PRES	He loves everybody , democratically , in fact relentlessly .
tr	PRES	Please Logan , read it , " she begged , her eyes bright and full of excitement .
tr	PRES	The dream plays out exactly as it all happened .
tr	PAST	Lori dismissed it with a simple , " Zach is indestructible . "
tr	PRES	You see , my mind tends towards conspiracies .
tr	PRES	He points to his bed , and I take the chair he just abandoned instead .
tr	PAST	I sobbed uncontrollably , my stomach clenching , over and over , until I ached .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I guess , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" Hey , Mr. and Mrs. Malone . "
tr	PAST	An American flag gently fanned its pole in front of the larger building .
tr	PRES	He flashes me a killer smile .
tr	PAST	I quit my job as he took care of me and eventually I moved out of Anne 's and into his house on the outskirts of town .
tr	PAST	Before I could stop him , he swooped down to my mattress and grabbed hold of the parchment containing my recently finished chapters .
tr	PRES	Knox reaches over and pushes the braid that 's lying over my shoulder to my back and leans over to kiss my exposed shoulder .
tr	PAST	She clutched a rag doll to her chest , though her own garb was little better than her doll 's .
tr	PRES	" By that I assume you mean money ? "
tr	PRES	Mari changes the subject and talks about other things while she dabs thick , cold , goopy , foundation on his neck .
tr	PRES	Ani , holding a plank across her shoulder , on the backward swing .
tr	PRES	Adel reaches out to hold her hand .
tr	PRES	" And what brings you up to Wuthering Heights ? "
tr	PRES	Maren -- the Quad 's leader -- sees to that .
tr	PRES	The Gold Jester remains only for a moment .
tr	PAST	We sped through the tunnel .
tr	PRES	And the number eight es muy bueno , " Abe sings in a perfect accent .
tr	PAST	The tube hopped and skipped across the stone , heading toward her .
tr	PRES	" We strive to live in peace with our neighbours , and we will not take up arms against another without provocation .
tr	PRES	" Still nothing definite . "
tr	PRES	He likes you . "
tr	PRES	He brings his fingers to his mouth and sucks them .
tr	PRES	Noah reaches out for me and I take his hand , only to be pulled into the shower with him clothes and all .
tr	PAST	Light exploded around them as he turned to peer at Inez , and then he saw her face and froze .
tr	PRES	' Okay bye ! '
tr	PAST	Later that day , I skipped World Studies , and slipped into the boys ' bathroom in the math wing .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PAST	He trusted and respected St. Denis deeply , but he was a man that wanted to know and see things for himself .
tr	PRES	" She 's a senior citizen , the town eccentric .
tr	PAST	Her mother eyed her for a long time .
tr	PAST	" That makes no sense , " I countered .
tr	PAST	" No , not at all , " I lied .
tr	PRES	And thus begins my slow descent into madness ( okay , further into madness ) .
tr	PRES	After several hours of watching the waves ebb and flow along with the empty horizon , boredom begins to sit in .
tr	PRES	" I should go , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He returns his attention on me , green eyes smiling .
tr	PRES	He considers what I said .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow my way , that possessiveness there in his blue-black gaze .
tr	PRES	Despite my early feeling regarding him , reason returns .
tr	PAST	I haven 't thanked you for all you 've given me .
tr	PRES	I wove my way toward him slowly .
tr	PRES	Danger sings on the breeze , throws echoes off the sheer white cliffs .
tr	PAST	His gaze transferred to a northwest facing window while he spoke .
tr	PAST	" Daddy 's a Pear Medic , " Reese announced .
tr	PAST	The same centaur adorned the white silk trappings of his horse , and gleamed atop his helm in yellow gold .
tr	PRES	' Victor likes fresh water that is , but that 's a salt water loch . "
tr	PRES	" Sure , baby doll .
tr	PRES	" You healed me .
tr	PRES	Eight glances down at an imaginary watch .
tr	PRES	The feeling brings tears to my eyes .
tr	PAST	Good deed done for the day !
tr	PAST	He squinted at Gansey as if he could determine the state of his son 's health and mental facilities merely by looking at him .
tr	PRES	No light shone brighter than his lamp .
tr	PAST	She washed her hands and the dagger in the stream and moved slowly back towards the camp , all senses alert .
tr	PAST	Got the fangs to prove it . "
tr	PAST	Disbelief washed over me as I stared at all the times Jett 's name popped up at one and the same address .
tr	PRES	" A potion ? "
tr	PAST	The hunched man grunted and descended .
tr	PAST	They either home schooled their kids , sent them to the public institutions their community operated on very rare occasions , or sent them to private schools .
tr	PRES	" Beats sandwiches . "
tr	PRES	But every day brings me new knowledge , new understanding .
tr	PRES	Colt reaches into his pocket and takes out a wedding ring .
tr	PAST	I received the list .
tr	PRES	" ' Mama ' ?
tr	PRES	" Yes Sarge . "
tr	PAST	I exclaimed with a laugh .
tr	PRES	" Fuck me , Zeke . "
tr	PAST	Gathering his thoughts about Carol , Steve experienced a healthy dose of regret about the way he 'd behaved toward his ex-wife .
tr	PRES	Despite the brisk night air , he wears only a black short sleeved button down shirt .
tr	PAST	" Rory , " she said , resting her head on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	The woman froze as she heard him behind her .
tr	PRES	Can you just blurt out such words as " The baby died ? "
tr	PAST	Ethan lingered with his eyes lowered at the foot of her bed .
tr	PRES	His body shone like a blazing star in the black sky .
tr	PAST	" Jake 's good with a chainsaw , too , " Bertha volunteered .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Abby .
tr	PRES	She still remembers how to be her spirit .
tr	PRES	He reaches up to my face and holds my cheeks in his hands , then kisses me .
tr	PAST	Maybe she acted tough , but she was scared .
tr	PAST	Jacqueline accompanied the girl into the dressing room and was shocked at her lack of proper intimate apparel .
tr	PAST	She piled the plate in front of him with roast and trimmed it with scalloped potatoes and asparagus tips .
tr	PRES	" A nursery ? "
tr	PAST	Her heart buzzed inside her chest .
tr	PAST	Sarah dreamed of becoming a famous painter of wild Irish seascapes .
tr	PAST	Paige 's heart pinched .
tr	PAST	Thankfully , the Lord intervened .
tr	PRES	And then she begins to scream .
tr	PRES	Sarah tries to help her seven-year-old by putting a spoon filled with something that slightly resembles oatmeal into his hand and guiding it toward his mouth .
tr	PAST	She cringed as Jack put a hand on her arm .
tr	PAST	C.S. Lewis referred to this as the long , painful process of making us perfect .
tr	PRES	She enters a room .
tr	PAST	I stiffened , still not feeling entirely comfortable with her easy physical affection .
tr	PRES	" But what about Steven ? "
tr	PRES	He loves her . "
tr	PAST	" The hairdresser 's here , " Jacqueline announced , ushering Alix into the house .
tr	PRES	" Hang on , baby doll .
tr	PRES	The night you hit me on the head , I assume with that stupid dagger you 're holding , and knocked me out .
tr	PAST	The pulse lingered , stopped , then flared and lingered again .
tr	PRES	" The king returns tomorrow , Thomas . "
tr	PAST	He dared not complete that thought .
tr	PRES	" Don 't mind him , Diana .
tr	PRES	Once there , he begins packing his clothes , some books , a radio , and other odds and ends .
tr	PAST	Aiden clasped Solos ' hand as we met him .
tr	PRES	" I mean no harm , lass .
tr	PAST	Ever since Dallas had died , a dark rage snaked beneath his skin , like an alligator trolling shallow waters .
tr	PAST	Under the glow of the eclipse , the room dimmed to an eerie twilight .
tr	PRES	" It pays to know creatives , Harper .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens and closes twice before I 'm finally able to say , " I didn 't know you could do that . "
tr	PAST	Damien crawled the few feet separating them and brushed his fingers against Nic 's .
tr	PRES	" Whoever hired you to work for my company deserves a cash bonus .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PRES	" Miss Carmichael ? "
tr	PRES	Reginald stops at the window a moment .
tr	PRES	" Du n no why . "
tr	PRES	But before either makes a move , Rose reaches up and grabs the Black Jester 's arm , pulling it down .
tr	PRES	" Because you want to remember your life , Arianna .
tr	PRES	" It cracks me up .
tr	PAST	Together , Tucker and Kane crawled to the bank , but both kept watch on the shattered hole .
tr	PRES	His balding head shone softly in the moonlight .
tr	PRES	" We simply await your command .
tr	PAST	But they still preferred stale puddles of water in the orchard .
tr	PAST	No explanation required . "
tr	PAST	Morgan inhaled , braced herself and entered the home where she was mostly a stranger .
tr	PAST	Now they simply stated a bald , unemotional fact .
tr	PAST	The murmurs of conversation slowed .
tr	PAST	I thanked him , considered the universe , and chugged it in one gulp .
tr	PAST	Pringle downed his tequila in one gulp and refilled .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat and sets his briefcase on the floor beside him .
tr	PAST	The Silent Knife denied it flatly , decrying them as rank amateurs from overseas .
tr	PRES	Some pointed to bronze door latches , others to crude iron nails holding boards together .
tr	PAST	Taking my time in the shower , I washed my hair and rubbed body wash all over three times .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	Shea glided across the room , not noticing how silent she was , how efficient her body had become , moving with grace and speed .
tr	PAST	A small sign on the wall behind the man bore the words " Forte Security . "
tr	PRES	This time , in particular , I dreaded reaching the witch 's temple .
tr	PAST	A shorter figure shuffled over to join Kennedy , no doubt suffering from a sprain after so many weeks in zero gravity .
tr	PAST	A few hours later , as the sun was rising over Sam Houston Park , Callum awoke , to see Richard sitting beside him .
tr	PAST	She bounced on her feet and gave me a wide smile .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , lets ask the dead guy , " Finn mumbled .
tr	PAST	All of her senses washed back into her trembling body , delivering her into a state of hypersensitivity that she had never known before .
tr	PRES	" Aw , don 't clam up now , " Debbie begged .
tr	PRES	Peer pressure works miracles to keep waists lean .
tr	PAST	The Wanderer charged him .
tr	PAST	He received a check sometime in February .
tr	PRES	Moonlight shone like liquid satin on the car 's dark flank .
tr	PRES	" What about Highland Runner .
tr	PRES	" Tis cruel hard .
tr	PRES	In the end my bangs end up long enough to where if I wanted , they would nearly cover my eyes .
tr	PRES	Old Jude snorts and shakes her head .
tr	PAST	" Hey , " as she motioned her finger for him to come over .
tr	PRES	His face fills with red .
tr	PRES	He stops two feet in front of me and mirrors my stance .
tr	PAST	But last night , you proved them true .
tr	PAST	General Kaplan signalled an aide and a leather briefcase was produced .
tr	PAST	In moments , she twirled around wearing the other dress .
tr	PAST	Thinking of his failure with the Black Dwarf , Jack doubted his ability .
tr	PRES	" And wield it well . "
tr	PAST	He adjusted a pair of thin blue reading glasses and read off the netbook balancing on his knees .
tr	PAST	The gleam in her long , extraordinary strawberry blond hair transformed her into a pale icon of dazzling light .
tr	PAST	a male voice inquired .
tr	PRES	" You traveling for business or pleasure ? "
tr	PAST	They both regarded him for a few silent seconds .
tr	PAST	The female squealed and fluttered her wings but the male kept her steady with his strong claws .
tr	PRES	" Could you teach me how to sew , too ? "
tr	PAST	The gray , wet day matched my spirits .
tr	PRES	" And Bob ? "
tr	PRES	" He kills Oliver and Eve , placing them in a secret room in a property owned by Carlos .
tr	PAST	Fate slapped a construction helmet on Brick 's head .
tr	PRES	" My cloak , please . "
tr	PAST	Shadows caressed him , holding him close in a lover 's embrace .
tr	PAST	" This is delicious , " she exclaimed before shoving another bite in .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Jon toasted his drink to hers and smiled .
tr	PRES	" Not any more irritable than I usually am .
tr	PRES	She giggles , the warmth of her breath tickling my cheeks .
tr	PAST	Jack lounged in a broken-down desk chair , flipping the pages of a year-old magazine .
tr	PAST	She faltered and then let out a heavy sigh before taking the hem of her cover-up and pulling it up over her head .
tr	PAST	Pigeon crouched beside the dog .
tr	PRES	" He won 't say it , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Then , the beeping slowed back down to the normal rate and the nurses left the room .
tr	PAST	His dear face split into a wide grin at her disbelief and he nodded . " '
tr	PRES	" I trust you , " he said , his voice a low grumble .
tr	PRES	I snap , dropping the wing back into the basket .
tr	PAST	Tim and Patty leaped down from the old porch and raced across the lawn .
tr	PAST	They urged their horses the last yards to the gatehouse .
tr	PRES	" About the army getting bigger as it marches . "
tr	PAST	Noah treated the expensive trinket like it had come from a gumball machine , but he never missed the chance to tell the story of his victory .
tr	PRES	My shirt creeps up my body , and I don 't pull it down , even when I feel cool air on my stomach .
tr	PRES	They cheat , they steal .
tr	PRES	" After you wash up and set the table . "
tr	PRES	Ranks of monsters surround us , stretching far into the distance .
tr	PRES	" Well , it fits . "
tr	PRES	I wince with each hit that is just a little bit too vicious .
tr	PAST	Evy cocked her head to one side .
tr	PAST	We all froze for a moment .
tr	PRES	" It fits my theory .
tr	PRES	She holds up her arm and pushes back the sleeve of her jacket , her exposed skin sickly in the rooftop lights .
tr	PAST	She jabbed her finger at him as he stilled his progress and stared at her .
tr	PRES	As soon as we find each other , he sighs .
tr	PAST	They measured it various ways , and it turned out to be around ten million bits per second .
tr	PAST	Three of the men were dressed in expensive grey suits , mirrored sunglasses resting on their slicked back grey hair .
tr	PAST	She emerged minutes later with two bags and two drinks in her hands .
tr	PAST	He cups it , pulling me closer again .
tr	PRES	" Liam Bell ? "
tr	PRES	" Yuffie -- " " Save it . "
tr	PRES	Idle conversation carries us along for another hour , and then it 's beyond time for me to crash .
tr	PAST	I hope it 's a good one tonight , " Shelly announced as she climbed from the rig .
tr	PRES	He frowns and considers his options , shrugging and pressing the " listen " button .
tr	PRES	All personnel evacuate to the parking lot ; repeat , all personnel evacuate to the parking lot . "
tr	PRES	" I know , Raz , " the first man snaps .
tr	PRES	Nearly everyone plays where I am from .
tr	PAST	Her hands fisted on the urge to reach out .
tr	PAST	She clutched at him and tried to wriggle free .
tr	PRES	" A reproduction ! "
tr	PAST	" Speller 's already closing in on him , " Delilah advised .
tr	PAST	Pat restrained him and said , " No !
tr	PRES	" This opens up an entirely new front in your investigation , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	" A few bucks ? "
tr	PRES	" Could I ... " " No you fucking couldn 't " snaps Jason .
tr	PRES	" This changes everything for you , and I should have told you .
tr	PAST	They emerged into a steep upland covered with a kind of turf which would have been very like grass but that there was more blue in it .
tr	PAST	The chains circled his hands and his feet , but the shackles just seemed ... ridiculous on him .
tr	PRES	This concludes the sharing portion of our evening , and now we shall commence with the lovemaking . "
tr	PAST	With a free hand , they slapped at her protruding bottom then paused .
tr	PAST	In the next moment , Achim grunted and heaved , spilling the bloody contents of his stomach over the right side of Misha 's face and shoulder .
tr	PAST	When we finally found seats , I practically collapsed into mine .
tr	PRES	Coop digs a smile into his cheek .
tr	PRES	She began to pant , her eyelids growing heavy as the spark between them kindled to burning .
tr	PAST	Making such a colossal decision required serious consideration .
tr	PRES	Stick storms out of the room .
tr	PAST	She wavered , then those luminous eyes focused on Amara , and the queen flung herself into one last , desperate leap toward the Cursor .
tr	PRES	" Benson apparently likes the shocks .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me that there are no lights anywhere .
tr	PRES	She inhales sharply , then whispers in a ragged voice .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side and I could tell that she wanted to know if I was okay , so I nodded my head .
tr	PAST	It produced a moment of silence .
tr	PRES	Gabriel touches my back gently and we leave .
tr	PRES	The circle opens and she goes to the center .
tr	PAST	She motioned to a chair .
tr	PAST	Another shrug as she acted like it didn 't matter .
tr	PAST	And served as mayor at least once . '
tr	PRES	A deafening rumble echoed all around them and dust billowed up and choked the gorge .
tr	PRES	Everything in me freezes .
tr	PRES	I tune back in to the girls ' banter .
tr	PRES	She freezes for a moment , and I hear her breaths stutter from her .
tr	PRES	Excuse me ... " She disappears for a moment and returns with a box of Kleenex .
tr	PAST	The Prime Minister 's personal account received a third of the proceeds as did the firm .
tr	PRES	Please answer the question , Mrs. Garris . "
tr	PRES	" Absolutely clueless . "
tr	PAST	I lingered over some of the larger machines collecting dust near the cabinets .
tr	PAST	" Oh , I just want to know where to meet my friend when she 's done , " she lied .
tr	PAST	It was a viewing deck , she surmised .
tr	PAST	She taps her horn lightly and pulls away , taking with her my last escape route .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked out the now empty doorframe and then back to him .
tr	PRES	Her fragrance teased his nostrils and struck a chord of raw desire .
tr	PAST	Ragnar 's voice rasped with annoyance as he shifted his weight and folded his arms .
tr	PAST	" You just accomplished for him what he 's been trying to do for ages -- provoked her to breach the Treaty .
tr	PRES	Honour whispers from the backseat .
tr	PAST	Don 't call me Honey , " he rasped , a dangerous edge to his voice .
tr	PRES	Girl either pays money or skips town , and the bad guy still wins .
tr	PAST	A language almost identical to English except for one extra letter that is both silent and invisible . "
tr	PRES	Maeve lets her arrow fly .
tr	PAST	Giving Philippe the once-over , he flattened his ears .
tr	PRES	He sighs and stands up .
tr	PAST	" Oh my God , " she exclaimed as she looked around .
tr	PRES	Crazy Sookie , the village telepath of Bon Temps , Louisiana .
tr	PAST	She pinched the bridge of her nose , trying to ease her pounding tension headache .
tr	PRES	That pretty much sums it up .
tr	PRES	She wishes to make herself independent .
tr	PAST	Everyone slowly shuffled out of the room .
tr	PAST	He motioned Mack and his men to stop , and gripped a handhold to keep his bearing .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's eyes revealed pain and disappointment .
tr	PAST	What was left of the council sat in a circle beside the platform , the chairs collected from all around the palace .
tr	PRES	" It wears a dust storm as its cloak .
tr	PAST	Somehow Kane sensed that Alma was with him .
tr	PAST	His phone vibrated in his hand , scaring the crap out of him .
tr	PAST	Of course she claimed it was an accident -- and nothing could be proved . "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 60 The lightning exploded all around him with deafening cracks of thunder ; plumes of dirt flew into the air from every direction .
tr	PAST	She tugged his shirt off and her fingers found his hair .
tr	PRES	Blood begins to trickle along my extended fingers and down into the sleeve of my torso plated armor .
tr	PAST	Her legs stiffened as she tried to step into the room , refusing to go further .
tr	PRES	Soldier after soldier passes the rumor , " She got hit by an arrow , and fell to the ground . "
tr	PAST	I propped Lucy up so I could take off Jason 's jacket .
tr	PAST	Oliver took in my tight , balled fists , my stiff shoulders , my narrowed eyes , my flushed face .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hands .
tr	PAST	" Bitch , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	" See , he wants it , Bart .
tr	PRES	" It occurs to me , as well - after the fact .
tr	PRES	He lacks the equipment to compete with most roofing businesses , but at least with a good pickup , he can haul the materials . "
tr	PRES	The results from each test helps us to determine what other tests are required .
tr	PAST	" Most people aren 't aware of their surroundings , " she stated .
tr	PAST	He collapsed on the mattress .
tr	PRES	She remains free on bail .
tr	PAST	I dismissed the images forming in my head and went to the police station 's door .
tr	PAST	I panicked that I 'd never be able to find you .
tr	PAST	He leaped forward , diving headfirst into the empty air .
tr	PAST	Unlike an octopus , these appendages bore sharp pincers in place of suckers .
tr	PRES	" Take a break , " I urge him , walking over while the cast members unwind .
tr	PAST	But without that other option , I preferred this place maintained its pleasant scent .
tr	PAST	The Viper agents utilized the marble columns for cover , but unfortunately Scorpion scum had the same idea .
tr	PRES	Seth brings his straw to his lips and slurps on his drink .
tr	PAST	When it was her son 's turn to wrestle , she cheered him on and clapped the loudest in the crowd when he won .
tr	PRES	Ares stands and goes nose to nose with Daddy .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up , and we lock eyes .
tr	PAST	The giant Sleeping Buddha reclined on his right side in the center of the horseshoe-shaped cliff .
tr	PRES	My plan begins with the promise of complete immunity for myself and others , and it ends with the precise result that you desire .
tr	PRES	" Ethan will call you , initiate the link .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , exasperated , like this was obvious .
tr	PRES	Megan bangs her head on the table as I walk into the kitchen , grinning .
tr	PRES	" That 's so tragic , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	Let 's celebrate and use this time to build a stronger foundation . "
tr	PAST	Vee smacked her other ear .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you just full of questions , " I teased her .
tr	PRES	He sighs in frustration and he still has a scowl on his face .
tr	PRES	" No ava lad . "
tr	PAST	The mare nuzzled her , accepting her caresses .
tr	PAST	She hollered up at us .
tr	PAST	My heart sped as the sickness I kept down all day clawed through my veins and pounded in my ears .
tr	PRES	A laugh bursts from my mouth , half joy and half nerves , and he carries me across the room , dropping me unceremoniously on the couch .
tr	PRES	" Probably just a cat anyway , " she mumbled before turning into the alleyway and continuing along the grimy concrete path .
tr	PAST	" No , " she countered gently .
tr	PRES	I could see to the horizon , the tower blocks shimmering in the heat haze .
tr	PRES	Dirk stops after jumping over the tree log , straightening his tunic and robes in place on his shoulders .
tr	PRES	Some people automatically assume the worst .
tr	PRES	Dr. Salter uses his intercom .
tr	PRES	" This brings me to motive .
tr	PAST	" When you say leader of the Reapers , do you mean the one that used to own that necklace you stole from me ? "
tr	PRES	" Well , um , thanks for intervening .
tr	PAST	Des storms out in a huff after Lennox agrees to let me do things my way .
tr	PRES	The floor creaks as my weight shifts , startling me .
tr	PAST	Each year Fate received a schedule of what had to occur .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 25 As Steve carefully forms the letter " B " for his assignment , Mysterious Jane begins in a strained whisper .
tr	PRES	Brick 's hero card shone from beneath his nipple as he tried as hard as possible not to think about being one .
tr	PRES	It helps that Evan Conners moved last week .
tr	PAST	The flicker of the torches along the corridor produced shadows on the doors , giving them a lifelike character with menacing expressions .
tr	PRES	" Attempted , " the Hispanic guy next to her corrects .
tr	PRES	Trust your instincts . "
tr	PRES	The music stops , and silence fills the hall .
tr	PRES	Sprinkles speeds in , and runs a series of wild laps , barking the entire time to keep us apprised of his exact location .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Those provide a nice counter to all of the annoyances that go along with knowing someone as well as Aaron and I know each other .
tr	PAST	Tristan cocked his head .
tr	PAST	Jack doubted he could continue carrying Will much farther .
tr	PRES	Yep , that was how you spelled concierge .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , my actions breaking his serious note .
tr	PAST	" Tell me , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	Well , he doubted she 'd enjoy it as much as he would .
tr	PRES	" Everything I teach you is for you .
tr	PAST	Rubbing her eyes , she attempted to wipe away the evidence .
tr	PAST	For a second he tensed , expecting the compulsion to say something unkind .
tr	PRES	I swing open the door .
tr	PAST	One of his big palms caressed my check ; his fingers pulled through my hair and forced my head back .
tr	PAST	She pinched off a piece of the fruit and passed it to Joshua as she walked .
tr	PRES	Or someone checking to see if you 're home .
tr	PAST	A split second later , four rockets exploded behind them , narrowly missing their rocket launchers .
tr	PRES	It joins the road from Rafferty 's ranch before it runs into U.S. 19 . "
tr	PAST	Her fingers wrap around his wrist , offering a meager resistance to his approach .
tr	PRES	His fingertip strokes a pattern on my stomach , circles and swirls drawn with the Scotch , cooling my heated skin as the liquid caresses me .
tr	PRES	" The Moors , " explains the guide .
tr	PRES	A feeling of dread fills my stomach .
tr	PRES	" Ok , but let me know if you need anything -- money or anything .
tr	PRES	She pul ed , but the royal wouldn 't move .
tr	PAST	" She was nothing , " Bishop countered as though to justify the murder .
tr	PAST	She dusted , vacuumed , sorted and cleaned every surface until the whole place shined and smelled clean once again .
tr	PRES	" I know , " Cheyenne said excitedly as a thought came to her , " Mags loves the theater .
tr	PAST	Josephine sensed a powerful enchantment rushing towards them .
tr	PAST	" He dumped you .
tr	PRES	" Juliette , " he breathes .
tr	PAST	I sniffed and stared at his big feet .
tr	PAST	With a shudder , Jake slapped the creature off the huntress .
tr	PAST	One time I even absorbed a rash .
tr	PRES	" This however it changes the things .
tr	PAST	" We were just looking at the new Teen Vogue , " Riley announced , shoving a dog-eared magazine toward them .
tr	PRES	" I 'm glad I amuse you , your highness , " she mumbled through gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	Neil cupped his hands over his mouth and shouted , " I have our water and our lunch in my pack , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	A small , dry cough emerged from inside .
tr	PAST	Because she had one last loose end to tie up before she committed to him fully .
tr	PRES	" I 'm tired of being less than everyone else , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PAST	Alexia , stil brandishing the stool , charged out into the hal .
tr	PRES	Dad presses the down button .
tr	PAST	He inhaled a shaky breath , shoring up his courage .
tr	PAST	His voice almost caressed my name .
tr	PAST	The SUV barreled forward , jerking some of the zombies off of the hood .
tr	PRES	I gape at her .
tr	PAST	You never regained consciousness .
tr	PRES	The ninth remains a mystery and a source of much speculation today by historians .
tr	PAST	Together they crawled to the far end of the wall , where another street led away from the square and the devastation .
tr	PRES	They fuck me and kill me .
tr	PAST	I pinched my nose , trying to relieve the looming headache I 'd had for days .
tr	PAST	Nisha preferred purple now , and I was a Luna .
tr	PRES	Then it stops and heavenly euphoria sweeps over me .
tr	PAST	A former Spanish teacher , she enrolled in a college class on Don Quixote for " fun " .
tr	PAST	At first , common sense piped up .
tr	PAST	Her voice slapped like a whip .
tr	PAST	He stole a sheepish grin in my direction , as if he had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't know what I was doing , " she denied .
tr	PRES	He likes me , but it might take him a while to remember . "
tr	PRES	" Sugar pie , my ass , " she says , then storms out .
tr	PAST	The doctors and their assistants referred to it as " fetal tissue " that invariably was picked up by medical couriers and taken to research labs .
tr	PRES	When I volunteered to lead my team to find you , she begged me to keep you safe .
tr	PRES	Closer , I lean closer again and then her mouth rips away from mine .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled his crotch , taking his c * ck in my hand .
tr	PAST	He barged right onto the train .
tr	PAST	And the opportunity for time alone with his daughter appealed .
tr	PAST	Shorty scooted away from the opening .
tr	PRES	He loves corresponding with fans , so don 't hesitate to contact him if you have a question !
tr	PRES	I estimate it will take another three months for your back and wings to heal completely . "
tr	PAST	That supper proved to be the liveliest and most talkative that he 'd ever been .
tr	PRES	I hazard a glance over my shoulder to see the giant bouncer chatting up another set of girls coming in .
tr	PAST	And when during dinner Misty let slip that ... The Beast ... was coming to spend the summer , his fork froze in midair .
tr	PRES	A strong light shone through , picking out golden veins and a fainter , green network of channels .
tr	PRES	She allows the full length of her feet , webbing and all , to drag over the rocky ground .
tr	PRES	I assume you were out with your life-sized Ken doll ? "
tr	PRES	Claire flipped around , her hands bal ed into fists at her side .
tr	PAST	She dove to the side , seeking the shelter of a cast-iron stove .
tr	PRES	" Then untie me and I 'll tell you . "
tr	PRES	" Beg your pardon , " he mumbled , and watched her smile .
tr	PRES	" That impolite response I cast your way earlier still stands . "
tr	PRES	On the coffin of the teacher , the only mahogany one , wild flowers and several yellow post-it notes , handwritten by the students .
tr	PAST	" You stole his truck ! "
tr	PRES	" Not at all , Partner Elijah , but others on the ship might then be reluctant to have me approach them .
tr	PAST	His fingers clutched the steering wheel as he drove the car up the street to our home .
tr	PRES	A light shone brightly into my eyes .
tr	PAST	Although I had sensed that something special existed deep within my core when I was in her presence .
tr	PAST	Hugo 's business head emerged .
tr	PAST	The bastard even served me champagne that night before we left !
tr	PAST	She tugged up Nicole 's shirt and pointed out a finely drawn , lacy flower on her flat belly .
tr	PRES	The smell of dark beans and rich sweeteners fills the air .
tr	PAST	Their eyes bore into me as they pressed forward .
tr	PAST	" She stole my ale -- and some milk ! "
tr	PRES	I lean back as her body molds to mine , warm and soft , and I drink down the sweet scent of her perfume .
tr	PRES	He holds me and never once asks me why I 'm crying .
tr	PAST	The hallucinogenic fumes soon emerged .
tr	PRES	His speed creeps up past eighty as we race toward town .
tr	PAST	Mad Rogan leaped up and took off for the door .
tr	PRES	We happily provide private tables and specially trained girls to ease these transactions .
tr	PRES	He pays my husband a good salary , but he also works him to the bone , driving harder and harder .
tr	PAST	They crumpled to the floor in unconscious heaps as Sharon blinked in surprise .
tr	PAST	He tugged his sleeve down .
tr	PRES	" She still talks about your wife 's cooking on a regular basis .
tr	PRES	Key objects , auxiliary characters , trigger principle and many other elements of computer games ... " " Trigger ? "
tr	PRES	Ari holds the wig out to me and bows dramatically .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to one side and raised an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Did he sell it ? "
tr	PAST	I preferred them tall , dark , and mysterious .
tr	PRES	" He loves you , Mia .
tr	PAST	She jabbed her ankles into his sides , not too roughly , just hard enough for him to know it was time to move .
tr	PAST	Ty tipped his head toward the older woman .
tr	PRES	I lean on the railing , squinting against the sunlight as I assess her .
tr	PAST	Sarah 's heart swirled in confusion .
tr	PAST	" I invested 20 million dollars to recruit Jacob Crawford to lead our combined technology teams .
tr	PAST	Another rock bounced in front of them before they 'd traveled three strides .
tr	PRES	Tonight he was impatient , clumsy with need .
tr	PRES	A chill ripples over me .
tr	PAST	Marc doubted he needed the time to think .
tr	PRES	" Good morning crew ! "
tr	PRES	Did you discover some magic pill ? "
tr	PRES	" We infiltrate enemy territory .
tr	PAST	" NO , " exclaimed Jon .
tr	PRES	She sees the red puddles with curiosity .
tr	PRES	He carries on with caution I squirm at the sound of the love .
tr	PAST	That particular argument persisted off and on for about a hundred years .
tr	PAST	The boy sped off in the car , getting away with Maya .
tr	PRES	Please , let this be the last time I have to do this , I begged myself .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	Dax falls silent for a moment and then nods in agreement .
tr	PAST	Withdrawing his calling card , Simon extended it , then he shouldered his way into the foyer before he could be denied .
tr	PAST	Terrence , who was already in the boat , quickly steadied her and held on to her hand while she made her way toward the front .
tr	PRES	As much as I don 't want it to , suddenly Maddy 's interest in me begins to make sense .
tr	PRES	She chuckles as she gets the drinks for the next in line .
tr	PRES	She tastes like hope . "
tr	PRES	" She begged me to help her since she needed to go home and prepare the party . "
tr	PAST	The lights dimmed as the movie started , and there was rustling as everyone got situated in their seats .
tr	PAST	The arrow exploded and the snow ball was disintegrated showering both Frost and Bark with slush .
tr	PAST	Edwin dismissed the idea .
tr	PAST	A backward glance revealed Guy pacing in the reception area , the bottle of water she 'd requested still clutched in his hand .
tr	PAST	The sea steamed and crackling balls of lightning zipped across its surface like drops of water on a hotplate .
tr	PAST	His seductive eyes pierced through me , one metallic green , the other ice blue .
tr	PRES	Without meaning to , I whimper .
tr	PAST	" Look luv , can you just let me -- . "
tr	PRES	" My employer wishes speech with you . "
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and smiled .
tr	PAST	Her hands balled into fists .
tr	PRES	" Cherries represent first love .
tr	PRES	She hears a roar sound again as the brown cloud slams into the metal of her ship .
tr	PAST	He propped one arm on the door frame .
tr	PAST	I momentarily eyed the young man standing behind her by the door , waiting on her .
tr	PAST	he persisted , following her .
tr	PAST	His lips tugged upward as she scooted out from the covers .
tr	PAST	She giggled again , muffling her laughter in my shirt .
tr	PRES	" Can you sing me my song ? "
tr	PAST	They then withdrew from the room .
tr	PAST	Sean zipped himself up , turned around , and took a running start at an oak tree .
tr	PAST	Deni 's heartbeat sped in alarm .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat to Amy .
tr	PRES	He pushes a button and a law clerk enters .
tr	PAST	Noses reduced to vertical slits , ochre complexions .
tr	PAST	" I don 't understand , " Boone stated filled with trepidation .
tr	PAST	Recognizing the horse , she dared to make her presence known .
tr	PRES	Her face pinches and she scrambles out of the car .
tr	PAST	" What if you replaced all the gas in his car with water ? "
tr	PRES	Then -- " " I disagree . "
tr	PRES	" Obviously , Woods .
tr	PRES	" Just hmm . "
tr	PAST	Had never lied and had never promised me anything .
tr	PRES	She wraps her hand around mine , which is wrapped around the vial .
tr	PAST	Once he left the station , he hopped into a taxi and drove off to downtown . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " I mumbled , and in the awkward moment that followed it became obvious that it was time to go .
tr	PAST	A half hearted salute accompanied his words .
tr	PRES	Jolie begins to hum , letting her humming build until it 's a deeply relaxing tone .
tr	PAST	If I weren 't so desperate to find my wife , I would have marveled at the irony of it all .
tr	PAST	Butterflies exploded in me when he called me princess ... because I knew I had finally found my prince .
tr	PAST	Finally , quietly , I say , ' He lied to me . '
tr	PRES	" Hell NO . "
tr	PRES	An abstract kaleidoscope of human remains .
tr	PRES	She snuck a quick glance at Kurt .
tr	PRES	Not exactly what I needed to hear right now , " I snap , turning my back to her to pull off the lingerie .
tr	PRES	All shapes of hats .
tr	PAST	He bounced anxiously as he looked at her .
tr	PAST	" The water of life , " he toasted after pouring two small drinks .
tr	PRES	Except it wasn 't really a passage , just a short length of floor leading to a steeply descending spiral staircase .
tr	PRES	" Baby doll - " She cut him off .
tr	PAST	His lips parted , then curved a little , off to one side , but he shook his head .
tr	PAST	He stuffed it back under the license then turned the wallet and checked under the photo compartment .
tr	PAST	He thanked whichever God may have resided over him that the killer hadn 't struck during one of his younger memories .
tr	PRES	" The palace guard remains under direct control of the King but they are limited to the palace itself .
tr	PRES	Zip , nada , zilch , zero .
tr	PRES	" You little witch .
tr	PAST	The floor was hardwood , the furniture painted white .
tr	PRES	He winks at me and I can 't help but smile .
tr	PAST	Gathering myself and ignoring the burning pain , I teleported .
tr	PRES	He slams his chronometer hand up against the cabinet in front of us .
tr	PAST	No one dared touch me .
tr	PRES	Because only death would have stopped Chance .
tr	PRES	My mother enters with a handful of towels .
tr	PRES	They settle fast and quiet . "
tr	PAST	The sight stole the smile from my face .
tr	PRES	" You scare me , too , babe .
tr	PAST	A whole civilization collapsed back into the stone age in about ten years .
tr	PAST	I tidied up , no longer in the mood for literary pursuits , and spent the next couple of hours cleaning house and baking cookies .
tr	PAST	Her heart sped up and suddenly she couldn 't breathe .
tr	PAST	Damon sat very stil and watched her go , his eyes hooded .
tr	PRES	If that helps . "
tr	PRES	The vehicle roars as the driver switches from ground to hover mode .
tr	PAST	He clutched his belly and tilted his chair back .
tr	PAST	Joni 's heart tattooed against her chest .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and looked casually to her right , where the machete lay next to the fire .
tr	PAST	He dumped them on a bunk near Kropp .
tr	PRES	Didn 't you just discover that you relish being ripped to shreds ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone pops out of their seat and begins stretching their arms and legs .
tr	PAST	Garn reflected seriously for a long moment and men nodded .
tr	PAST	His head almost equaled the upper level of the door 's entry and his dark clothing added to the ominous appearance of a modern day grim reaper .
tr	PAST	" Got a lot more ground to cover before this day 's through .
tr	PRES	I yell and everyone darts toward the cabin .
tr	PAST	She stuffed her arms into the stiff sleeves and shivered from the cold .
tr	PRES	It plays hell with your depth perception . "
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PRES	" I forgive you .
tr	PAST	His companion eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	A day that represented everything he hated .
tr	PRES	" My mum is a bit mad , " he comments .
tr	PAST	She slowed her pace so she could manage a conversation .
tr	PRES	" It just protects the staff from innocent hands that would be harmed by it .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed of you every night . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , more presents . "
tr	PAST	As Shane came near , his urgency wavered toward despair .
tr	PAST	Bonita slapped his arm away and took a step toward Brooke .
tr	PRES	" Then why drag me out of bed about it ? "
tr	PAST	Minutes slowed as the world seemed to stretch out to infinity in front of him but on Jack raced , refusing to give up .
tr	PAST	The events of Saturday night replayed themselves in her mind .
tr	PRES	" Well , well , well , if it isn 't the little mouse that sings .
tr	PAST	' Liz ... ' She gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	She stormed over to the bathroom door and found Kenner cleaning his rifle .
tr	PRES	His stance mirrors an easy confidence and grace without looking too cocky .
tr	PAST	Absorbed in eating her mother 's admittedly delicious meal , she munched a piece of bread and asked , " Who 's Rick ? "
tr	PAST	Thicker tears overflowed from her reddened eyes .
tr	PRES	Rex glares at me .
tr	PAST	" In the morning , the man awoke in great excitement .
tr	PRES	The metallic residual of the electronic components kills both the flowers and the trees .
tr	PRES	One of his hands slides up my side , grazing the curve of my breast before trailing up to my neck .
tr	PAST	The sound of footsteps emerged in the distance and grew closer .
tr	PAST	I joked and we both laughed .
tr	PRES	" I assume you have a plan ?
tr	PAST	" Not really , but ... " " Go on , " he urged .
tr	PAST	Even as he did so , he leaped away to minimize his contact with the tainted blood .
tr	PAST	Isaac 's voice shattered the erotic vision .
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , " I immediately blurt out .
tr	PAST	The innkeeper eyed him speculatively but said nothing for he caused no trouble .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply because it wasn 't just that her eyes met mine .
tr	PRES	" Are you single , Katie ? "
tr	PRES	I shout , pounding my fist against the door for emphasis .
tr	PRES	Not a clue . "
tr	PRES	Judging from the little girl , the Cabin likes young children sacrifices .
tr	PAST	Alec gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	She padded across the room in her bare feet and peeked out .
tr	PAST	I grunted , but didn 't cry out , even when he hit the sensitive area at the backs of my thighs .
tr	PRES	The boy considers this .
tr	PAST	Please ... " She stiffened and then relaxed , wrapping her arms around me and threading her fingers in my hair .
tr	PAST	Hurt washed over her face , but she squared her chin .
tr	PRES	And how much wrap ?
tr	PAST	He tipped his head back , eyeing me curiously .
tr	PRES	" I can take all of your powers , " Warner corrects him .
tr	PRES	Everybody freaked out about Orson Welles ' War of the Worlds . "
tr	PAST	It lessened gradually , the pressure easing until she could think again .
tr	PAST	" Great ghosts , would you look at that ? "
tr	PAST	" That 's not true , they have Eden and Kiran , " I countered , searching her eyes for where her argument was coming from .
tr	PAST	" In that case , " he stated as he pushed himself from the chair to standing .
tr	PAST	I swipe at my forehead as if there 's a stray hair to be restyled and feel nak * d when I don 't find one .
tr	PAST	His sense of dread deepened when he realized that his sword was on top of his chest of drawers ... all the way across the room .
tr	PRES	" The competition begins tomorrow .
tr	PRES	Before him milled hundreds of members of the royal court , rambling about in an excited stir .
tr	PAST	The ruddy light revealed a face of white , the color of dead skin .
tr	PAST	" She tricked me ! "
tr	PAST	He skipped across the rocks until he was feet away .
tr	PAST	the petals twirled in the air like turbulent snow .
tr	PAST	With a final doggie lick to her hand , Tucker waddled down the stairs and toward the music room .
tr	PRES	My neck snaps up in surprise .
tr	PAST	" He leaped right through our picture window .
tr	PRES	My heart drums as I remember my initial attraction to him .
tr	PRES	It shone in her face , dazzling her eyes .
tr	PRES	I swing round angered by his voice and slap him hard across the face , the oranges returning to the room .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to bed , I 'm tired , " I announced a few minutes later .
tr	PRES	Monsters who carry swords . "
tr	PAST	A clap of thunder exploded so loudly it made her flinch , and she silently urged Silly to go faster .
tr	PAST	He always acted that way too .
tr	PRES	At the heart of that flaw were lies .
tr	PRES	She brings her attention back to me .
tr	PRES	I screwed you ! "
tr	PAST	At the same time members of the assault team paired up and began going back through the camp looking for survivors to finish off .
tr	PRES	" What about Trace ? "
tr	PRES	The sound rattles around the cavernous and dark space but we feel no fear .
tr	PRES	Comes yet another voice surprising everyone .
tr	PAST	She eyed my bruised jaw .
tr	PAST	She almost skipped down the street as her excitement took over .
tr	PAST	I smacked his arm , splashing him with dishwater .
tr	PRES	Stalls everywhere sell produce such as cheeses and vegetables .
tr	PRES	Without another word , she slides her tray down a few seats and stews in silence .
tr	PAST	She sped up yet again , so the Toyota couldn 't draw even with her .
tr	PRES	She mumbled a no , but she sounded strange .
tr	PRES	I lean in and kiss her ear .
tr	PRES	He 'll remember the fate of his family every time he sees me , even if he loves me , especially if he loves me .
tr	PRES	" Hang on , Katie .
tr	PAST	I motioned to my shoulder .
tr	PRES	He just looks at me , strokes his fingers over the back of my hand .
tr	PAST	Our leader eyed the Devil thoughtfully . "
tr	PAST	Over time , she might have sensed the kindness and patience in him that he would later use in raising me .
tr	PAST	Oliver smacked Jason in the back of the head .
tr	PRES	He offers his hand to Jeff , firmly , but with familiarity and then looks straight at me and offers his hand to me also .
tr	PRES	" Go feed the creature - hurry .
tr	PRES	She refuses to come out ! "
tr	PRES	Kenji clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Did Anthony arrive there or has Eva gotten any more information about what happened that night with their father ? "
tr	PAST	Jean received mail from every stripe of crazy .
tr	PAST	Or better yet , how to make sure his wife awakened on the morrow with a smile upon her lips .
tr	PAST	Everyone , but the pilot , abandoned their posts and stumbled their way to the loaded cargo bay .
tr	PRES	Every so often , a human talks or bribes his way in here , and they tolerate it as a way of avoiding attention .
tr	PAST	The stranger subsided in his chair .
tr	PRES	Now the Officials spring to life .
tr	PRES	He roughly flips another page and then another .
tr	PAST	With a swipe of one of its legs it smashed the shield wall and sent it over the edge of the washing line .
tr	PRES	The guys swing right and we follow .
tr	PAST	We split up again , the boys still searching for water .
tr	PAST	As it got closer I relayed it to the operator .
tr	PAST	She pondered that for a moment , decided it was a powder keg that was best left unlit , and put the Sahara in drive .
tr	PRES	Without a word , he opens the door , leaves , and gently closes it again .
tr	PAST	Just like that , his thoughts fizzled .
tr	PRES	A ridiculous idea occurs to me , but that 's sort of my specialty at this point .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PRES	Josie prodded , not quite getting the point , anxious to be home .
tr	PRES	He holds the title of Governor .
tr	PAST	Without waiting on my cue , she announced herself .
tr	PRES	He flips the card over in his hand , analyzing it .
tr	PAST	" The deal was you would shut up , " he countered immediately .
tr	PAST	Leaving him proved to be far more difficult than it should have been .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over me , taking in my appearance .
tr	PAST	My vocal cords froze .
tr	PRES	" Que es mi nombre ? "
tr	PAST	" And endless orgasms , " Kennedy piped up .
tr	PAST	Listening to the way the others were breathing , he sensed they were nervous , too .
tr	PAST	Michael froze , just for an instant , but it was long enough .
tr	PAST	His Informer buzzed in his pocket .
tr	PAST	Leaning her head in her open palms , she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Head Mage , but I am afraid I am not finished . "
tr	PRES	I mutter , tears slipping from my eyes , but I know that she 'll be put to death with swiftness .
tr	PAST	It exposed an empty hangar bay .
tr	PRES	The shaft clears only when there are no people within ten meters of each other .
tr	PAST	She blamed me for my brother 's death .
tr	PRES	" The princess offers gold ! "
tr	PRES	She exhales against my lips , and when her eyelids fall , they send a few tears down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	She hauled him up toward her , kissed him roughly as he settled himself above her , and guided him into her wetness .
tr	PRES	It wraps around me so tight I can glide my hands across the curling water .
tr	PAST	" Ah , that I am , " Nick teased , placing his arm gently about his grandmother 's frail shoulders .
tr	PAST	The jeans and sweats I wore to clean houses , to bathe dogs , to fill some shut-in 's grocery list , acted as camouflage .
tr	PAST	Kat matched Jacob 's blocks and parries easily .
tr	PRES	A silence fel in the room and I was al too relieved when Mrs. Duckworth came into the parlor to announce that the roast was ready .
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass .
tr	PAST	He collapsed suddenly on a chair near the table .
tr	PRES	Dante is a pleaser , " she explains .
tr	PAST	" And complicated . "
tr	PRES	Brielle glares at me a moment before excusing herself to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	His father relaxes as though he could rest easy now , as though he could finally breathe .
tr	PAST	The picture of the ocean trip stares at me from the wall .
tr	PAST	Shiv however always treated her with her present state of consciousness , never ever showing any inquisitiveness about what she had been .
tr	PRES	The volcano approaches the lady across the field of battle , the world behind him burning .
tr	PAST	Its empty space against the wall bore the placard : ' Ajax Hero . '
tr	PAST	I snaked a hand forward to the dog that had the murder grip on Paul 's neck .
tr	PAST	Approaching from the rear , I sniffed the air and smelled nothing but trees , heard only the wind .
tr	PAST	When he got close , Jeff motioned for him to back up so that the truck was almost covering the mouth of the garage .
tr	PAST	Dmitri grunted and gave a quick thumbs-up over the seats .
tr	PRES	" I loathe that ! "
tr	PRES	" Same thing they tell you if you ask for a new exhaust mounting , even if you only want a fresh set of spark plugs . "
tr	PRES	" Sure snuck up on us awful quiet .
tr	PAST	She has inquired , hinted , asked if I plan to , but never directly requested I do it .
tr	PRES	" Do fish swim in water ? "
tr	PAST	He created countless spells with it .
tr	PRES	" No way " Faye said .
tr	PRES	" Spencer Jameson , " Ellis whispers .
tr	PAST	Richard eyed him for a moment , then nodded .
tr	PRES	I snap with a start as heat crawls up my neck , folding my arms over myself .
tr	PRES	But machines that look like torture devices and sweaty people I don 't know surround me .
tr	PAST	Sweat soaked her hair , and rolled down her forehead .
tr	PRES	' An insurance salesman .
tr	PAST	My face froze and I lowered my voice , " Am I really so transparent ? "
tr	PAST	I plopped down in the desk chair with a new determination .
tr	PRES	" A crown ? "
tr	PRES	" We ... connect ... with each other .
tr	PAST	Moving into Verity 's Sequence Springs cottage had wrought an interesting change in the man .
tr	PAST	He pinched his nose with his thumb and finger .
tr	PRES	Everything in me exhales with relief .
tr	PRES	" Logan Hayes admitting that he 's not good at something ? "
tr	PAST	I 'm so sorry , I panicked .
tr	PRES	He wraps one of his wings around me and I start to cry , letting everything inside of me out .
tr	PRES	Father and I evaded them rather easily and flew on .
tr	PRES	Let 's swing around to the back and approach the tent from the other side .
tr	PAST	His fingers massaged mine as he leaned forward and whispered , " You left out a stop when you took me on a tour of town . "
tr	PAST	" No , of course not , " she lied .
tr	PAST	They solved their own problems .
tr	PRES	" Well , I disagree .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Turner . "
tr	PAST	Tolliver thanked her , and she again protested that she hadn 't done anything at all other than show up .
tr	PRES	With his earnings , he eventually buys a bigger boat so he can make his business even more profitable .
tr	PAST	He countered with an elbow to my cheek .
tr	PAST	Jacob hooked his wrist over the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	If Lydia could be trusted to tell the truth .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	She fills it to one-third and looks at me .
tr	PRES	I smack his finger away .
tr	PAST	She absorbed his warmth and breathed in the beloved scent of his skin .
tr	PAST	He inched her down slowly , the heat of him stretching her after so many years of abstinence .
tr	PRES	I need someone undercover , someone not connected with the news media , someone Moore likes .
tr	PRES	Says it teaches me a lesson when I have to pay .
tr	PRES	My paramedic sees what I 'm looking at and steps between us , tossing a glare over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	The day Maya bit Thierry . "
tr	PRES	The left fielder launches the ball to Will at third .
tr	PAST	He flicked the switch .
tr	PRES	" My instincts ? "
tr	PRES	" Thirty days , " Mitch mumbled .
tr	PRES	The pit bulls ? "
tr	PRES	I don 't want to waste them , " Kinsey begged .
tr	PAST	But I trusted in my team .
tr	PRES	Has he gotten you pregnant the way he did my daughter ? "
tr	PRES	" Is it ok if me and the girls go and see a film tonight ? "
tr	PAST	Out of the wispy tendrils , two figures emerged .
tr	PAST	' Good to see you again , old boy , ' he lied .
tr	PAST	Fury sobered and narrowed his gaze to that of his wolf form .
tr	PRES	" Watch it , you clot . "
tr	PRES	" Charlotte lets you make your own conditions ? "
tr	PAST	Too slow , old man , he berated himself , but then he heard something that nearly made him smile .
tr	PAST	He squished the end of his cigarette between his fingers and flung it out toward the pathway to my beach .
tr	PAST	" Those shoes he was wearing probably cost a fortune , too .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself and sat back up .
tr	PRES	" Does it involve me getting stabbed again ? "
tr	PRES	I belong here with you .
tr	PAST	He advanced forward , moving like a predator about to pounce .
tr	PAST	I untied Jones and we went back to where he was supposed to be and he was gone .
tr	PAST	I prayed I was never like that , clinging onto to someone for dear life as if they were the last thing you had .
tr	PRES	She sat up , naked , her body tattoos glowing blue in the moonlight .
tr	PAST	With a sigh , Julia retreated .
tr	PAST	She inhaled and his scent filled her nose .
tr	PAST	He projected a system map with graphical orbits of stations around the planets .
tr	PAST	Flynn stares deeply into my eyes , " No , it 's not okay .
tr	PAST	Rage replaced Graham 's shock .
tr	PRES	Are you sure this is what you want to do , hon ? "
tr	PAST	I would 've sensed them .
tr	PRES	" This is my first meal out of the hospital , " I murmur , loading up my plate .
tr	PRES	" Twelve metal drums .
tr	PRES	I lean into her , comforted by her touch .
tr	PRES	" So much carnage ... over me . "
tr	PRES	No one suspects me .
tr	PAST	She tensed as she listened , glancing past him to where Carmine stood by the door .
tr	PAST	Jason squinted , shrugged .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Mitch .
tr	PRES	He points to the door and walks behind me .
tr	PRES	" Very well " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	It creeps me out . "
tr	PAST	" Come with me , then , " I instructed .
tr	PRES	I fold up a shirt and place it into the laundry basket on top of the dryer .
tr	PAST	" I 'm three , " he squealed .
tr	PRES	A lump rises in Serena 's throat .
tr	PRES	Something so precious that another , more formidable foe was continual y kept from the Province gates .
tr	PRES	" We already did that , " she teased him .
tr	PRES	He scratched his big dumb head and shrugged , the clueless lug .
tr	PAST	" Samuel , " Mae exclaimed as she greeted her brother who was just exiting the barn .
tr	PRES	" Hey , I have swords now .
tr	PRES	The air stank of burned rubber .
tr	PRES	" But what about the joke eyeball ?
tr	PRES	She murmurs for me now and then .
tr	PRES	A quiet voice snaps me back to reality .
tr	PAST	His eyes bore into mine as if he is trying to see if I feel the same way .
tr	PAST	" We 've declared a fashion emergency , " Jane announced .
tr	PAST	In the hands of this younger one , the tip wavered like a bird drunk on fermented figs .
tr	PAST	the little boy exclaimed , tugging his father 's right hand .
tr	PAST	He withdrew and leaned against the metal handrail .
tr	PAST	She thanked the woman for the hot dog , paid with some cash from her purse , and downed the hot dog in three bites .
tr	PAST	Callista mopped her brow and struggled to her feet .
tr	PRES	" You 've got to admit , the Macy 's catalogue was very innovative , " she teased .
tr	PRES	The Mother of the Orphans Page 42 13 .
tr	PRES	Shelton recognizes the voice .
tr	PAST	Standing with his back to the bar , he perused the room .
tr	PAST	Katherine 's family 's title then transferred over to Edward , along with her fortune and her last name .
tr	PAST	The Clerk of the Court announced the start of the defence case and looked towards Meyer .
tr	PAST	The funk engulfed us like an invisible assailant , almost bringing us to tears .
tr	PAST	His back stiffened at her .
tr	PRES	" Report me " he whispers , then " But I want a word with you afterwards .
tr	PAST	Looking ever so innocent , and quite pleased with himself , he motioned me through the gate .
tr	PRES	" But it tastes better when it does . "
tr	PAST	As much as I didn 't want to tell Jason about this , I feared that I needed to .
tr	PAST	" I told him I 'm friends with vampires , " I mumbled , pulling my stack of pictures out of my pocket once again .
tr	PAST	Each of the cities bore its leader 's pernicious imprint .
tr	PRES	My baby sister shrugged her skinny shoulders , one hand still resting on the doorknob .
tr	PAST	Skye 's protected me for too long .
tr	PRES	Unless , of course , you rumpled their feathers .
tr	PAST	His eyes shadowed , and he brought his hand back to his side in a slow , reluctant motion .
tr	PAST	He wagged his eyebrows at me .
tr	PAST	A sense of deja vu washed over him , as if he was meant to think of the idea that popped into his head .
tr	PAST	When she took the few steps around Jack to take it , Cale tugged her to his chest and frowned with concern .
tr	PAST	She never broached the subject with her husband or William , as she found the possibility too painful .
tr	PAST	He groped for the right words .
tr	PAST	" You are here because we are about to clean you , " he stated , categorical gaps separating his syllables .
tr	PRES	It brings back the memory of the ancient wars . "
tr	PAST	Two Secret Service agents protected the hall ; another manned a post by the elevator .
tr	PRES	Then as the silence stretched out : " Uh , and that bothers you ? "
tr	PRES	Panicked , I scrambled away , thankful that I 'd kept my sword .
tr	PAST	Jill hopped up and headed for the refrigerator .
tr	PRES	Sunshine streams through my window .
tr	PAST	Indirectly , of course , and in doing so you have denied me a pleasure I anticipated with relish .
tr	PAST	I sobbed into her shoulder with great heaving wailing noises .
tr	PAST	But when he had the chance to return he opted to stay .
tr	PRES	" Isaac , Daddy loves you . "
tr	PAST	His low voice stole my breath and my need to retreat .
tr	PAST	This single mortal defeated you and all your mongrel rabble .
tr	PRES	She removes one of the sugar cubes from the jar and places it in her mouth .
tr	PRES	He stares at the stairs skeptically .
tr	PAST	I slap my face once , trying to wake myself up .
tr	PRES	Bruce sighed , and then reached down , pul ing a rather large hunting knife from a holster .
tr	PRES	He considers love as weakness . "
tr	PRES	Selah 's voice reaches a crescendo , an almost shout .
tr	PRES	He probably respects the whole solitary journey thing . "
tr	PRES	Mr. Kent holds up a finger , signaling for Max to hush .
tr	PAST	His thumb sought and circled her excited nub .
tr	PAST	Dropping his sword , Ezio seized Cesare Borgia and threw him off the battlements , to plunge down to the cobblestones one hundred feet below .
tr	PRES	Her hand reaches out for the door , but before she pushes it open , she turns around to glare at me .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved in a gradual smile .
tr	PRES	The loss slams into me hard .
tr	PAST	She twirled the straw around , knocking the ice cubes against the glass .
tr	PRES	Viktor bolted upright in cold sweat .
tr	PAST	Then he brightened up .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed a deep , burnt orange color .
tr	PRES	How it enraged him .
tr	PAST	Fury mingled with the disillusionment .
tr	PRES	" Good old Evil .
tr	PRES	Alex Frost learns to speak German , Spanish , and Swahili , while Amy picks up photography and takes pictures of wild animals in the woods .
tr	PRES	That explains why I 'm not bent over double .
tr	PAST	He brandished his stele .
tr	PRES	Finally , after a brief chase , mom pins baby to the floor with a knee on his chest and finishes the diaper change .
tr	PRES	Getting the gist of my hint , Jill thinned her lips and slanted squinty eyes at me .
tr	PAST	Devon froze in mid step when he picked up on a fresh scent wafting through the air .
tr	PAST	Stroking her face , he untangled his limbs and made his way downstairs .
tr	PAST	He slowed down while my eyes were still spinning and enclosed me in his arms again .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder toward the flashing blue and gold lights , then back at me .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , my eyes wide .
tr	PAST	Then they usually dismissed what he had to say .
tr	PAST	And -- and served in the states .
tr	PAST	My eyes flicked to Claude , who was thinking the matter over .
tr	PRES	Corr rises up , away from the pressure of it , but I follow him .
tr	PAST	I trusted so few , anyway , and those I did were human .
tr	PRES	By " more information , " the army air corps meant another , later telegram informing them of my death .
tr	PAST	As if in response to my thought , the lights in the bar dimmed slightly .
tr	PRES	Hacking from the odorous fumes Jon enters the chamber .
tr	PRES	A smile twitches at my lips .
tr	PRES	" Daddy , heal me , " she begged harder .
tr	PRES	' No , nor did I , ' Gina mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Ah , how fate taunts the lovers .
tr	PAST	Long claws sprouted from beneath his fingernails , and he slashed at the chain-link with them , slicing the metal to ribbons .
tr	PRES	In a cave in the hills he dwelt alone , And meat was hard to come by .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Kayla , " Maci whispers , wiping the water dripping from her lips .
tr	PRES	An awesome band plays rock music as people alternate between eating and dancing .
tr	PRES	" To damage me , to distract me .
tr	PRES	Alligator tears slowly dripping down his red cheeks .
tr	PAST	As she pulled out her cell phone , she related what had happened at the ghost town , going into as exacting detail as she could .
tr	PRES	She glances back at Ellis .
tr	PAST	Within the hour , she received a second email requesting her to visit San Francisco the following day .
tr	PRES	" Their evil knows no limits , " I snap .
tr	PAST	The curtains rustled in the wind and the sound of sirens blared on the distant ground below .
tr	PAST	Casper tensed behind me and I put a hand on his shoulder to calm him down .
tr	PAST	Roland flung a lightning bolt at her and pushed us to the side .
tr	PAST	" She went over to a friend 's house , " Margaret announced triumphantly .
tr	PRES	Cass likes to tease . "
tr	PAST	Beside Gemma , Cole stiffened , but she didn 't notice because she was lost in the past .
tr	PAST	Antony proceeded to prepare me a plate of salad .
tr	PRES	Instead , silver highlights their temples and boredom lines their faces .
tr	PRES	" You 'll have to shoot me to get to him , " I sneer .
tr	PRES	It holds a potion like the one in my necklace .
tr	PAST	Sofie regained consciousness on the bedroom floor .
tr	PAST	With better tools , we dealt more deadly blows .
tr	PRES	The voice , the shout , freezes us .
tr	PRES	" I begged or stole .
tr	PRES	Not if our first was a complete wash .
tr	PRES	She points to the door to the right of me in the lounge .
tr	PRES	" What if he bleeds out ? "
tr	PAST	An Owl hooted loudly into the silence and Jen nearly wet herself .
tr	PRES	she whispers in his direction .
tr	PAST	A tiny network of blue blood vessels crisscrossed her smooth cheeks .
tr	PRES	Matt returns his confused look with one of his own .
tr	PAST	He saw Providence sitting in a sphere of light , her hands extended towards him .
tr	PAST	So much impact compared to 7 seasons . '
tr	PAST	Then they turned around and headed straight toward me , their hands outstretched like claws and their expressions murderous .
tr	PRES	I wiggle , trying to make it feel better and find a comfortable spot .
tr	PAST	" Colt , " I stated , moving my finger to the next one .
tr	PAST	Have you ever served on a jury before , Mr. Hams ? "
tr	PAST	" You lied to me . "
tr	PRES	Said Haddington grimly as he unconsciously swept his empty plate from the table .
tr	PAST	Simon , now back on a sealed road , proceeded to head back to the freeway .
tr	PAST	Her earthen shroud clung to me , dissolving into my flesh , covering me like a cocoon .
tr	PAST	" I never lied to you . "
tr	PAST	Chaos awaited us in the halls .
tr	PRES	Behind us , the highway stretches on , but I don 't need it .
tr	PAST	He upended the bottle and chugged until it was empty , then heaved a heavy , pleasured sigh .
tr	PAST	You were made to kill and destroy , don 't tell me Heisenberg created something with feelings , " he scoffed .
tr	PRES	" White Knight ? "
tr	PAST	Sally proved predictable , though , or was it reliable ?
tr	PAST	Sarah cocked her head to one side at him .
tr	PAST	She crisscrossed back and forth over open earth and then down a rocky wash .
tr	PAST	Several stars glowed in brighter shades of blue and red than he had ever seen .
tr	PAST	Daniel 's grin flattened .
tr	PAST	And turning , she fled before anyone else could say anything .
tr	PAST	I hazard a glance over my shoulder and have no trouble picking out which jogger is the Mog .
tr	PRES	Below that : " Sea Horse 25 . "
tr	PAST	She retreated swiftly behind her walls before he could shatter everything that she was .
tr	PAST	Little bright pink spots glowed on her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Karou still marveled at the way in which Zuzana had accepted her whole bizarre story .
tr	PRES	' Sightseeing , ' Danny offers .
tr	PAST	" I learn something new about you every day , " he joked , guiding us down the center aisle .
tr	PRES	' Still no guests ? '
tr	PRES	Ah ... swim over to the far side of the pool .
tr	PAST	The scent soaked the air , and I inhaled it as deeply as I could .
tr	PRES	Marian uses her Katana to cut through the never ending crowd of Crawlers .
tr	PRES	I shout , trying not to touch my face too hard .
tr	PAST	He plopped the sphere into the birdbath .
tr	PRES	I lean over and read , with Alex , the article on the screen .
tr	PAST	With shaky hands , I tugged out my cell unit and said , " Boss , " taking comfort in the sound of the automatic dial .
tr	PRES	" Always , sis .
tr	PAST	I stole the information right out of Sam 's head .
tr	PAST	" Aunt Louise -- they think I stole a baseball and some pictures . "
tr	PRES	Heat blazes up my neck and sets my face afire .
tr	PRES	A few hours after arriving back to campus , Timothy begins the dissection of the tiger .
tr	PRES	The door knob rattles and it sounds like he kicks the door .
tr	PRES	It 's time Brax learns a lesson in respect .
tr	PAST	She measured Jolene 's residual leg and made a plaster cast of it .
tr	PAST	" Spear Strike it is . "
tr	PRES	The lookout towers that ringed the region were useful , but they didn 't catch everything .
tr	PRES	Messick just stands at the lectern , shaking his head in amazement .
tr	PAST	With a wet roar , it pitched backward onto the small one , trapping it .
tr	PAST	" Wait , " Josh piped up .
tr	PRES	Then in a flash , she snuck up and slapped me on the stomach .
tr	PAST	" As if I have nothing better to do than play nursemaid to a pair of wayward mortals , " he sniffed .
tr	PRES	" To the creek . "
tr	PRES	Gently he strokes my cheek , brushing my hair back from my face .
tr	PRES	He pushes out a loud exhale .
tr	PRES	He points to Piers , who has turned rigid next to me .
tr	PRES	" You OK , big guy ? "
tr	PRES	" FBI , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Have you secured the partnership you were seeking or did this trip involve another deal ? "
tr	PAST	Furry , clawed things bounced off of it as they charged , making it ripple like waves over a pond .
tr	PAST	Boys lounged around in the room talking with each other as they played chess or checkers .
tr	PRES	Her forefinger taps at her wineglass , and she seems almost nervous .
tr	PAST	Then he attempted to hand me my purse .
tr	PRES	" Now then , scribe .
tr	PRES	" I do want to know , " he said , his voice a low rumble .
tr	PRES	Food dish half full .
tr	PAST	Michelle 's shaking subsided somewhat .
tr	PRES	He changes people and I observe those changes .
tr	PRES	I swing my legs over the side of the bed , throwing the blanket off me , prepared for action , whatever it may be .
tr	PAST	Struggling up the ship 's steps , he collapsed in an exhausted heap on the floor of the spacecraft .
tr	PAST	The turret rotated , locked onto the specified target , and then fired .
tr	PRES	" That was me , " I add .
tr	PRES	We trek east , straining our ears for the whine of electric motors .
tr	PAST	She clutched the flowers to her waist , trying desperately hard to figure out what the attractive man was trying to signal to her .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head , watching me closely .
tr	PRES	The tension in my shoulders eases .
tr	PAST	The fire waned , and with it went the conversation , which had degenerated from tense words to tense silence .
tr	PRES	She suddenly throws her arms around Jason 's neck and kisses him soundly .
tr	PRES	No more dentist office doorways for her .
tr	PRES	I dreaded that every day I might come home and you 'd tell me you remember everything and then leave me .
tr	PAST	Or rather , I should say , they entertained me .
tr	PAST	He smoked two packs a day , and he was well aware that the habit was unhealthy .
tr	PRES	My heart rate speeds up .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Buck .
tr	PRES	Communal interludes and personal visits .
tr	PRES	My neighbor sighs a fetid gale .
tr	PAST	Dense clusters of organisms floated in both pools .
tr	PAST	" They were murdered , " Norah scoffed .
tr	PAST	" Melanie , " he cheered .
tr	PAST	Before I could stop myself , I leaped out of the bush .
tr	PAST	He seized the moment to escape to the showers , alone .
tr	PAST	As it came to the steep descent , leading down to the river , it slowed even more .
tr	PRES	" Bathrooms and fire exits . "
tr	PAST	Calvin , can you not keep your girl in line ? "
tr	PAST	A woman 's voice , distorted , panicked , breathy .
tr	PRES	Andrew wraps his arms around me .
tr	PRES	Luthor releases me suddenly , pushing me at the same time , and I stumble on the path .
tr	PAST	We all acted as one , and hoped we wouldn 't be treated individually if something were to happen .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at his lips as he stared down at the shock of black hair framing the tiny face .
tr	PAST	When confident I wasn 't going to fall back down again , I limped into the foyer and unbolted the lock , leaving the chain attached .
tr	PAST	That produced report two .
tr	PAST	He flattened a hand against the warm wall to keep from falling over as his completion pulsed until his heartbeat pounded in his ears .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head around .
tr	PAST	He uttered a derisive sound as he moved to the kitchen counter and pushed the button on the machine .
tr	PRES	Then he pushes the needle into my arm , without any forewarning .
tr	PRES	" Calm yourself , the Siren wishes to speak . "
tr	PRES	They belong to Quinn .
tr	PRES	" Not even at a distance , and Joe always lets me know if anyone 's around . "
tr	PRES	I hesitate , trying to think of something positive to say .
tr	PRES	And gracious and totally devoted to him .
tr	PRES	" Fresh eggs ? "
tr	PRES	He hauled himself up into the saddle and turned to eye the servant expectantly .
tr	PRES	" Anyone else learns of this and it 's sure to taint the Buchanan name . "
tr	PAST	Meagan squealed with excitement .
tr	PRES	I whirl to catch her closing the door .
tr	PAST	A stab of pain pierced his moment of gloating -- the Valkyrie had sunk her strong little teeth into the back of his arm .
tr	PAST	" All well and good , " Masterson persisted , plainly growing tired , too .
tr	PAST	" You dreamed it too ? "
tr	PRES	Light filters from above .
tr	PAST	He received and acknowledged the call . "
tr	PAST	Charlie 's thoughts strayed to the day his life had changed , the day he had lost control of his own future .
tr	PRES	The door opens again .
tr	PAST	Still no sign of activity , a raspy voice reported .
tr	PAST	The intruders delayed his escape and unwittingly prevented it .
tr	PAST	The moonlight outlined the hair rising all along the feline 's spine .
tr	PAST	Sitting upright in bed , she clutched the edges of the sheet in her lap with nervous fingers .
tr	PRES	Vomit creeps up my throat .
tr	PAST	" He handled it very well .
tr	PAST	Colt charged his brother and shoved him hard in the chest .
tr	PAST	The way they looked at each other , acted toward each other .
tr	PAST	Fiona 's mother smacked the wooden spoon against the edge of the sauce pan .
tr	PAST	He eyed Olive 's state uneasily .
tr	PAST	The suitcase rolling along behind me tipped , and my bags toppled to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Which means leadership of the pack falls to me . "
tr	PRES	She wraps her legs around my waist , her arms around my neck .
tr	PRES	Does the sentiment still exist ? "
tr	PAST	' Uh ... ' ' How did it happen ?
tr	PAST	Anguish and grim resignation washed the air around her .
tr	PRES	The ache in my chest fades .
tr	PAST	Tiberius exclaimed as he accepted a glass from Melrose who passed by with a tray .
tr	PAST	Thus uninformed , I matched my host with God 's despite his forces ' overwhelming odds .
tr	PAST	He pitched the photo back onto the desk .
tr	PAST	Truthfully , I much preferred a crowd of confusion .
tr	PAST	The corridors circled deeper into the heart of the castle .
tr	PRES	' Well I cannot see why , Agnes .
tr	PAST	* * * Later , Ben sensed his father wanted a word alone with him .
tr	PAST	Matt squinted , but his eyes were seeing double and his ears were ringing .
tr	PRES	Steve explains his current predicament .
tr	PRES	Emerson wraps his arms around me , pulling me close .
tr	PAST	Though , with the noise she could 've loudly reprimanded herself without Jeff hearing .
tr	PRES	" But you HAVE to do something .
tr	PRES	" And then tax us on it , " Hit mutters .
tr	PRES	Completely mesmerized Snow Flower states , " I love how the rising sun looks so big here . "
tr	PAST	" We can 't take the chance they aren 't plants ; already members of the group , " Boone stated suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Cece 's in charge , " I instructed .
tr	PAST	" I want to be alone with you , " Violet exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Once he came too close to miss , Nate discharged the pepper spray .
tr	PRES	We hates it , we hates it , we hates it for ever ! "
tr	PAST	One long leg extended off the edge of the couch , past the armrest .
tr	PAST	I fanned the photo over the others before pitching it back onto the pile .
tr	PRES	Did they teach you about it in school ? "
tr	PRES	" So nice to see a young man in the church , praying , " she whispers with a smile my way .
tr	PRES	She stops right in front me .
tr	PAST	" I want it back , " she gritted out .
tr	PRES	My heart crushes in my chest .
tr	PAST	Fortunately , Lisa Grantham emerged before noon , carrying a smallish box , and got into her car .
tr	PRES	Not a scratch on me . "
tr	PAST	He faked an accent as he slowly sat up .
tr	PRES	So before either of us can say anything I lean forward and press my lips to his .
tr	PRES	And now her niece and nephew .
tr	PAST	" The hell he isn 't , " Gavin countered .
tr	PRES	What brings you to the edge of the world ? "
tr	PAST	" I battled Smaug last night in my backyard .
tr	PAST	Carol dialed the number for Tri-County 's " doc on call " and asked for the doctor to be paged .
tr	PRES	" Oh , be fair , Bella ! "
tr	PAST	Her friend squealed excitedly when they both turned around .
tr	PAST	He advanced to the second step .
tr	PAST	Inside , the girl shrieked and somebody slapped somebody else , though Cassie wasn 't sure who hit who .
tr	PAST	The hollow retracted its tongues .
tr	PAST	Gabriel , attuned to me as always , sensed my sudden anger .
tr	PRES	" That 's the bar well , " Storm explains in a whisper .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	" She likes me well enough .
tr	PAST	Let 's quit this .
tr	PAST	Another man vomited while another started to climb over the flailing group of soldiers stuck in the doorway .
tr	PAST	The cold ship air battled valiantly with it , but lost .
tr	PRES	" We don 't like your kind in here , Red , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	I yawn , extending my arms above my head .
tr	PRES	Kayden glances at me , a forced grin at his lips .
tr	PAST	" Wow , " I mumbled , taking in the scene .
tr	PAST	He exited with , " I 'm here if you need anything . "
tr	PAST	From above , a second beast swooped down and hovered twenty feet off of Ramsey gently flapping its immense leathery wings .
tr	PRES	I mumbled as memories slowly started to come back .
tr	PAST	But Ryan eyed her askance , darted as far away from her as he could , and cowered in a corner behind a desk chair .
tr	PAST	" I 'm Sally , " the woman announced .
tr	PRES	I disagree , though .
tr	PAST	More footsteps charged after their room .
tr	PAST	The filament beeped at me while I was hanging from the power pole .
tr	PRES	" Just like old times , eh ?
tr	PAST	" For God 's sake , quit lying .
tr	PAST	From the straw lining the box he produced a cast iron pot and carried it using well-worn flowered potholders to the table .
tr	PAST	I inhaled her scent and a growl ripped through me .
tr	PRES	Sometimes those things just drain them and move on , and sometimes they are gathered and kept frozen for a later time . "
tr	PRES	Backyard picnics and holiday affairs and several pictures of Ruth , Charles , and their daughter Annie vacationing in national parks .
tr	PAST	He tugged his sleeve to hide his metal wrist band .
tr	PAST	A blush crawled up Lorelei 's cheeks .
tr	PAST	The sounds around him , the people , the lights , everything dimmed .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked from blue to Shifter , back to dark blue again .
tr	PAST	A picture of the Mexican general adorned the plastic front .
tr	PAST	She identified herself and gave the address and continued to stand in the doorway to wait .
tr	PRES	" Yeah right , Janelle .
tr	PRES	I want you , " I add , my voice sounding calm and sure despite the butterflies in my stomach .
tr	PRES	" Strange , " Sally teased .
tr	PRES	After a few measured bites , she stopped suddenly , her fork halfway to her face .
tr	PAST	A faint white glow , like the glitter of cheap sequins , outlined him .
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulders at his back .
tr	PRES	" You just called me Gav , " he points out quietly .
tr	PRES	But I screwed it up .
tr	PRES	It kills me when you do it . "
tr	PAST	After a burst of screeching static , he zeroed in on a familiar voice .
tr	PRES	' What a shame . '
tr	PRES	The dingo begins to burn ; the fur slowly melts onto the body , and then the flesh starts burning .
tr	PAST	Mitch motioned at the bartender for another drink .
tr	PAST	James grunted in frustration .
tr	PAST	He trudged through it , leaving two wide trenches behind him like wagon tracks .
tr	PAST	His incisors extended , long and deadly .
tr	PAST	" We 've come to prepare you for your big night , " he announced when they arrived at her cell .
tr	PRES	This child belongs to all of us .
tr	PRES	I lean on his shoulder as he releases my face .
tr	PRES	One second , Alexei , Daphne , and I were alone in the exhibit room .
tr	PAST	He proceeded down the hall without stopping .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	" Just need some food , " I lied .
tr	PRES	' ' Presumably . "
tr	PAST	Jori awoke to find me in his quarters , poring over a chart .
tr	PRES	She stops when she sees Max 's number .
tr	PRES	" The venom we 've encountered before kills people almost instantly .
tr	PRES	She considers me for a moment , biting the inside of her cheek .
tr	PAST	" Nora , you must trust us , " Matthew urged her .
tr	PAST	She crouched next to Miranda and tapped her nose .
tr	PAST	She squealed in delight , wagging her finger at him as she headed back to the bar .
tr	PAST	Cyrus fiddled with his phone for a little longer .
tr	PAST	The black limo inched slowly forwards , drawing up alongside the man who was walking away from them down the street .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered a bit too long on her .
tr	PRES	The intensity in his liquid brown eyes carries the severity of what he 's about to tell me .
tr	PRES	" Later , Fitch . "
tr	PAST	Emily sensed that pride was warring with his own intelligence which had to concede the presence of a few little flaws .
tr	PAST	You Knight youngsters have always had big egos . "
tr	PRES	" But it 's not like we 've ever really gotten along , " he points out .
tr	PAST	The bullet boat stopped , the oarsmen reversed their seats and wearily started rowing in the opposite direction .
tr	PRES	Lisa points at the holographic image spinning above the table .
tr	PAST	Echoes bounced back from the corners of the room .
tr	PAST	The car sped down the road , putting miles between them and the meat packing plant .
tr	PAST	" Your mom named Heather ' Heather ' even though you have a cousin named Heather ? "
tr	PRES	The closer to Christmas it got , the more lights shone on the small paths leading through the mountain village of Saint Peter .
tr	PRES	Breathless from the kiss , I murmur .
tr	PRES	After several stories , June falls asleep .
tr	PAST	Although she owned a few dresses , she generally opted to wear loose hemp pants and t-shirts instead .
tr	PRES	She points it at the man .
tr	PAST	The gold frames of his glasses only accented his gaze .
tr	PAST	His hands glowed brighter .
tr	PAST	Those words spurred me on even more .
tr	PRES	" Another businessman . "
tr	PAST	he taunted me as he ran the edge of the knife beneath my skin .
tr	PAST	All new granite , stainless steel and oiled walnut accented the décor .
tr	PAST	She scribbled a few words and held it up for John to read .
tr	PAST	I hopped out and ran to the other side of the truck to open her door for her .
tr	PAST	Her thoughts froze when she seen the boulder , just like in her dream where her brother had left his game .
tr	PRES	She shudders and attempts to shrink away , but he holds her close .
tr	PAST	" Together , he and I experienced fewer fatalities in our patients than anyone else in this country . "
tr	PAST	I don 't like it , " he grunted , stroking his hand soothingly up and down her back .
tr	PAST	A lady near Rema exclaimed , " She 's here ! "
tr	PRES	" I must be dead , " she mumbled as she tried to swallow the lump in her throat .
tr	PAST	Isabelle tugged on Gabe 's arm .
tr	PRES	Her face shone , and her nose turned fiery red .
tr	PAST	He charged towards the metal detectors while bewildered security personnel stared blankly at them both and scattered .
tr	PAST	A feminine hand clasped his and he turned his head .
tr	PRES	It matches your pretty eyeballs . "
tr	PRES	When the mouth of Hell opens up beneath your feet , it tends to shock you a bit -- even if it is all in a dream .
tr	PAST	His heartstrings vibrated with the delight of having her in his arms again .
tr	PAST	She motioned for him to step forward and then she placed a hammer in his hand .
tr	PAST	the Puerto Rican girl shrieked .
tr	PRES	Annie lies across my feet .
tr	PAST	Immediately the other five militants advanced and I remember hearing their weapons coming off safe almost in synch .
tr	PAST	His shaking hand finally carved out a reply , the ink sinking into the deep paper .
tr	PRES	He opens his palm to reveal a miniature glass cube .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the tanks above them .
tr	PRES	At this point tears stung my eyes .
tr	PAST	The cabbie ardently motioned me to the front seat and without instructions drove me straight to the appropriate area of the airport .
tr	PAST	Marianna smoothed the lapels of his suit , her hands tempting even through layers of clothes .
tr	PAST	Niu inhaled his cigarette thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	I inhaled and exhaled .
tr	PAST	Amy dove into his arms sobbing .
tr	PAST	Ricky froze in his tracks wondering if he was doing the smart thing being out here alone .
tr	PRES	" Isabelle Masters ? "
tr	PAST	The sun inched higher into the rich blue sky , warming the air and lighting the seemingly infinite canopy like a match to green fire .
tr	PAST	But she dared not act , not until she was certain that the next time she faced the Dead Gods , she would be the victor .
tr	PAST	He desired her , he wanted to protect her , and he needed to know her secrets .
tr	PRES	" He blames me .
tr	PRES	" The servants ... " " They 'll wait . "
tr	PAST	She slapped him three times , hard , and peered into them .
tr	PAST	Cara touches her palms together in front of her .
tr	PRES	Lawyer unhelpful " he mutters , writing something on his pad .
tr	PAST	The door of the house opened , a footman looking out , puzzled .
tr	PRES	" So Nan went to New York with the boyfriend this weekend , " Tim mutters .
tr	PAST	Edmund motioned his companion to her computer station .
tr	PRES	" Yes , me , Melissa , and Steve ; the other dead guy . "
tr	PRES	She winks , heavy lashes fluttering against her alabaster cheek .
tr	PRES	I strain unconsciously at the chains , pulling as hard as I can away from the wall .
tr	PAST	" Oh , my God , Amber , " Helen uttered .
tr	PAST	She never dreamed when she slept .
tr	PRES	Rico stands up , looks me in the eye , and extends his hand to me .
tr	PRES	First you fuck them , then you shoot them .
tr	PRES	Adam , seeing this loses some of his fight in his eyes .
tr	PAST	" Bring her , " he instructed the soldier , as he marched towards the door .
tr	PRES	The crew begins to roar with laughter at the antics they see taking place on the deck .
tr	PRES	We arrive back in Hallowell before dark and head to The Cove on the Kennebec River to meet up with the other packs .
tr	PAST	I dialed the number Kelsey 's father had given me , and a woman answered .
tr	PAST	Ludmilla eyed the trolleys .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , suddenly desperate to have her , all of her .
tr	PAST	Leopold 's head cocked to one side .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " exclaimed the Emperor , " we have what we need !
tr	PRES	" Ski backwards ? "
tr	PRES	She playfully pushes me back .
tr	PAST	He eyed the beef tea with suspicion , turned his head away at the powders dropped into a glass of water .
tr	PAST	Although it was addressed to both of them , she feared to open it alone .
tr	PAST	He slapped the back of his leg frantically as his pants had caught fire .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth to speak , but Cricket shakes his head .
tr	PAST	Skipper retreated to another room when it became evident that she wasn 't going to stop .
tr	PAST	The guy with the mermaid tattoo slapped Alejo on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	She accompanied her words with a breathtaking smile that rocked Uncle Louie back on his heels .
tr	PAST	If he disobeyed , he risked punishment .
tr	PAST	And therefore , not thinking , I cheered .
tr	PAST	I cocked a brow .
tr	PAST	He zipped toward the lump , his heartbeat ramping up .
tr	PRES	Blinking against the bright sun , I drag my butt out of bed and throw on an old tee and some jeans .
tr	PAST	They both dismissed the question and set about helping the girls out of the cave .
tr	PAST	" I never said that , " he hedged , unwilling to expose Ashley to any more embarrassment .
tr	PRES	" Unless it 's me finally spanking you - " " Hey guys ! "
tr	PAST	I spewed my drink all over Brett 's laptop .
tr	PRES	5 Sandra sat up suddenly the words NO forming on her lips .
tr	PAST	The Andromeda glided past several abandoned blocks .
tr	PAST	With a tilt of my chin , I motioned to room 417 .
tr	PRES	Some members wove toilet paper into the bushes as if they were decorating a Christmas tree .
tr	PRES	" Maybe if all else fails .
tr	PAST	His hands roamed and as he broke the kiss , I opened my eyes slowly .
tr	PAST	He slapped Grayson on the back .
tr	PAST	He flung open the door and jumped .
tr	PRES	We will also need to check the soil around the coffin for contamination , " Taylor explains .
tr	PAST	Charles unzipped the tent flap for her .
tr	PRES	You 're aware of the mistake , I assume . "
tr	PAST	" You pursued Ian and me for five years with a ruthlessness that would have made our father proud . "
tr	PRES	It stops in front of the identification code .
tr	PAST	Everyone close to you lied to you .
tr	PAST	Mac had set the lights so that the picture was illuminated , the rest of the room shadowed .
tr	PRES	Staggering toward a truck he reaches inside for a small rectangular package .
tr	PAST	Smoke crawled over the artificial clouds , and set off the fire alarms .
tr	PAST	He crawled over and landed on his side next to me , smiling at the corner of my mouth .
tr	PRES	" You shifty prick .
tr	PRES	He states his words calmly and briefly .
tr	PRES	" Why borrow from her ?
tr	PRES	Like deja vu , I recall words written in the pages of a book .
tr	PRES	" Not my pleasant nature or my -- " he struck a pose from the couch , " -- stellar physique ? "
tr	PAST	I feared for him - so much so that I found myself debating if I even wanted to leave .
tr	PAST	I flicked my wrist .
tr	PAST	Fear pierced me ; Dad must have seen it , because he quickly shook his head .
tr	PRES	' Then fingers crossed , Mrs Farmer . '
tr	PAST	He stiffened , his hands covering hers as if to push them away .
tr	PAST	While his mouth consumed hers she palmed the muscles of his back , his buttocks , his strong thighs .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens , my body automatically ready to obey the command .
tr	PAST	Because my awesome jump shot scored for Madison , and my team was Culpeper High .
tr	PAST	They sound a little far fetched today - now that everything in our world is explained by science and mathematics .
tr	PAST	" I begged with him , of course .
tr	PAST	Still , he doubted if they knew which direction led back to their home .
tr	PRES	Rest never affects them .
tr	PAST	A truck rumbled past .
tr	PRES	We mistook Existence for Necessity .
tr	PRES	" No crime ? "
tr	PRES	" Not a dream , " he corrects .
tr	PAST	Ivan plopped down on his bed and released a sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	Once again she reviewed his story .
tr	PAST	Nina marveled at the arsenal that opened in front of her .
tr	PRES	" Your grandmother of course , Melissa .
tr	PAST	It slapped loudly on the floor .
tr	PRES	' Miss Chloe Rollins , Gerry Anderson . '
tr	PAST	The colossal shark charged toward Gael .
tr	PRES	" Afraid the shot might work , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	That brings me to the final tangle in this web we weave .
tr	PAST	In the end , I trusted him and like the bolted door , put it out of my head .
tr	PRES	It helps if it is something that is already integrated into your life .
tr	PRES	' What angels ? '
tr	PAST	Uncle Jack smashed hand after reaching undead hand , but they kept coming .
tr	PAST	He grunted into the phone .
tr	PAST	And he lied to me to make me trust him .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on some far off point of swamp , but his hand gripped his lightsaber .
tr	PAST	I dreamed I was running in the snow , slipping and sliding down the blue trail up on White Oak Hill .
tr	PRES	Oh God teach us how to know the last word of the story without the abrupt finish .
tr	PAST	Men in dark suits piled out , forming a thick cordon .
tr	PAST	" You remember what I said , " he rumbled in a warning voice .
tr	PRES	I hesitate for a moment then tap her arm .
tr	PAST	He meandered down the Champs-Elysées , watching the pretty girls who strolled along , chattering with one another .
tr	PRES	Dornan chuckles as he pulls his leather cut on over his black t-shirt .
tr	PAST	He extended his right hand toward her and she took it and stood up .
tr	PAST	The pokey sack tipped over and spilled bat poo out all over the floor .
tr	PAST	The sight of it froze me in my tracks .
tr	PAST	A middle aged man barged in .
tr	PRES	" Her wishes ... she can wreck the world .
tr	PRES	He passes the remains of the textile mill .
tr	PAST	I 'll allow that it beats her clumsy honking , a third voice giggled .
tr	PAST	Precious to her clan , so very valuable because of what she represented .
tr	PAST	I clutched at her wrist , the bones fragile as a bird 's but surprisingly strong .
tr	PRES	A single arm touches her hip , and it is the final push she needed to pull the boy into a passionate kiss .
tr	PRES	That helps no one .
tr	PRES	Rex chuckles and hugs me to his chest .
tr	PAST	Echo 's stomach tickled with excitement , and Shimmer raised her head and whistled a greeting as a form flew into the garden .
tr	PAST	" Just yesterday a nurse predicted she 'd have the babies within a day or two at most . "
tr	PRES	Once out of the crowded kitchen Chest wraps his arm around my waist or as much as he can and pulls me to him .
tr	PRES	He likes me and I ... like him .
tr	PAST	You and your boyfriends tip the scale way into Boredom City . "
tr	PRES	I , um - " " Never mind , " Kenneth said .
tr	PAST	Horrified disgust washed over their faces .
tr	PAST	He urged him instead to continue .
tr	PRES	He holds it up for me to see .
tr	PAST	I stormed up the stairs and slammed the bedroom door .
tr	PAST	CJ slowed to a jog .
tr	PAST	She dove through it , grateful for the cover .
tr	PAST	Hollow voices , strangely muffled , vibrated through the floorboards .
tr	PRES	Okay , I screwed up .
tr	PAST	He unfolded his arms and stood up straight .
tr	PAST	Actually , she giggled , reached forward , grabbed my arm , and pulled me into the house .
tr	PRES	The door buzzes and the thieves enter .
tr	PAST	Some of the vicious pain subsided and he drew in steadying breaths as he leaned into her .
tr	PRES	Ervin presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	Some dared to nod at Alec but without the return nod , they too bowed their heads and walked faster .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sorry I yelled at you , " he rasped against my ear .
tr	PAST	I pondered the thought of changing Alexander .
tr	PRES	Julie flashes an ID badge at the guards and they wave us through the back gate .
tr	PAST	I froze just outside the door .
tr	PAST	Four Wolves Esme fiddled with her eye patch , wondering if the world would look different through her blue eye than it did through her brown one .
tr	PRES	He winks at Charlie letting him know he 'll be in the next room .
tr	PRES	" But we belong together .
tr	PRES	Hosting freezes even terminal cancer . "
tr	PAST	With a bellow that shook the mountain , the Great Beast charged straight toward her .
tr	PAST	Stone walls curved overhead , enclosing him .
tr	PAST	The cloying sound of Beth Ann 's voice bothered Clay more than usual .
tr	PAST	" Lucien , " the vampire rasped , the eyes glittering with a dangerous desperation .
tr	PRES	My skin begins to tingle as I lead Jesse into my apartment .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PAST	Jin charged forward , just as he did before .
tr	PRES	" Not a clue . "
tr	PRES	This obviously affects you and you lied to me about what happened with your dad . "
tr	PRES	" No phones . "
tr	PRES	A lot of the leaks involve military decisions . "
tr	PRES	He falls and I run .
tr	PRES	" A dinner invitation ? "
tr	PAST	She cocked one of her dark eyebrows as she stared at me waiting .
tr	PRES	" Tiffany Wallace again ? "
tr	PAST	She eyed him , as if trying to decide if that very pronouncement were some kind of mockery .
tr	PRES	It bothers her , a lot .
tr	PRES	He passes a few more patrols , and a few stunned residents sitting in the remnants of their homes .
tr	PAST	The date on the picture matched the plaintiff 's injury date .
tr	PRES	She opens the door for us with an annoyed sigh .
tr	PAST	I lied to him .
tr	PAST	He tormented her for years .
tr	PAST	He never even bothered to glance around to make sure that he was alone .
tr	PRES	What stops the swordsman but a warrior of the same mettle ?
tr	PRES	" Okay , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Together , " she crooned with my head buried into the soft skin of her neck .
tr	PAST	The words lingered in the air for a moment .
tr	PAST	Mallory adroitly zipped around the kitchen , dodging and weaving as she completed her assigned tasks .
tr	PRES	Can you spare a minute to go over the wording with us ? "
tr	PAST	Discomfort mingled with the warmth , and she shifted on her feet .
tr	PRES	Once its owner passes , it returns to its home - a home that kills many who seek it . "
tr	PRES	In a few seconds the victim 's body shrinks to a lifeless shell of what they once were .
tr	PAST	Feeling terrible about abandoning them when they 'd been there so much for her these last few months , she stormed inside .
tr	PAST	" Let 's get going , " she urged Rex .
tr	PRES	I increase the pace , my heartbeat accelerating with each step .
tr	PRES	It allows me free access to much of the palace .
tr	PRES	A homecoming ... ? '
tr	PRES	" Yes , every night , he holds me .
tr	PAST	Helen stifled her defense of Alec , but just barely .
tr	PRES	We provide a wide variety of goods and services , but we force none of our goods and services on those who choose not to patronize us .
tr	PRES	" And with a rifle ? "
tr	PAST	" No , I cleaned it .
tr	PRES	I settle on a pale blue sweater .
tr	PRES	Perhaps a bit of a wolf , Little Maxi , as I was back in the day , eh ? "
tr	PAST	Her beloved himself , Xavier Vaughn .
tr	PAST	Vin cocked her head .
tr	PAST	" Oh , I 've never lied to you before , have I ? "
tr	PRES	The sun against my skin brings back distant memories , and even the smells of food are foreign to me . "
tr	PAST	Traffic noises soon merged with my grunts , muffling them .
tr	PRES	I 've had more visitors through my window since I met you than I have my whole life , " she teased quietly .
tr	PRES	Mel glances up and doesn 't blink .
tr	PRES	" Love , this affects all of us , so of course we have discussed it .
tr	PRES	My boomerang falls down , and it lightly hits the ground below us .
tr	PAST	Peering into her heavily lined eyes , he sensed rather than saw the change .
tr	PRES	The guy who brought me here returns .
tr	PRES	Aiden exhaled , snuggling closer to me , his face resting against the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	He uses them then drops them when he 's had enough . '
tr	PRES	I practically snap at him .
tr	PRES	A strange silence falls over us .
tr	PAST	She perceived , also , that a few yards away were two children seated on the grass .
tr	PRES	Every nerve ending in my body stands on edge .
tr	PAST	He collapsed on top of me , raining warm kisses on my lips , my jaw , and my neck .
tr	PAST	" Yes , your father anticipated that you would do that .
tr	PAST	For a split second Amber froze .
tr	PRES	" Of course I 'm right , " he teased .
tr	PRES	The characters we meet , the songs we shared , the crushes we had and all the works .
tr	PAST	" Somehow we messed up on the security in the cottage ; these were taken when you two arrived . "
tr	PRES	Since she 's the mother I always wanted , I oblige .
tr	PRES	He glances around as if ensuring we 're alone before continuing in a lower voice .
tr	PRES	You teach as to be ashamed of our bodies .
tr	PRES	Oh , because some old man likes to get his rocks off in a kinky way .
tr	PRES	HUMANS For millennia genetic defects afflicted the human race .
tr	PRES	I exhale with relief when her doorbell rings .
tr	PAST	He grunted again and clambered to his feet .
tr	PAST	Jo related what Mrs. G had told her and Mitch left to speak with her directly .
tr	PRES	Isaac 's hand stops in the center of my back .
tr	PAST	Anton hopped over the counter and Andrei led him into the back , telling Ileana , " I 'll be a few minutes . "
tr	PAST	Sara produced a wide smile .
tr	PAST	" You 're safe with me , " Mack countered .
tr	PAST	I feared it 'd snap my neck and I sensed the sickening strangled noise I heard came from me .
tr	PRES	Stewart likes to use big words , but I know what he means .
tr	PAST	he sensed her distance .
tr	PAST	" You 're strong , " she grunted .
tr	PAST	" My quarterback quit last week and took a coaching job somewhere in upstate New York .
tr	PAST	But she sensed that he was only trying to intimidate her , and she refused to let him know he 'd succeeded .
tr	PRES	" I think he 's just discovered it , " Roddy teased .
tr	PRES	The agony of having lost her melts away with the tears running down my face .
tr	PAST	He bounced , rolled , and fetched up on his back in the grass at the edge of an expanse of lawn .
tr	PAST	Blond hair , green eyes , muscular , and his voice is smooth as silk , " Anita exclaimed with her face still smashed into her pillow .
tr	PRES	- In the distance , a rooster crowed .
tr	PRES	Timothy remains silent , contemplative .
tr	PRES	" Give me a few minutes , " Allie mumbled , feigning sleep .
tr	PRES	Everyone mumbled their surprise .
tr	PAST	Three days later we received the letter .
tr	PAST	She stomped down the corridor contemplating her fate .
tr	PRES	another shout rent the air .
tr	PAST	Kallie tipped her head back and laughed .
tr	PRES	Despite the air of frailty about the man , a dark cunning shone from his eyes .
tr	PAST	She absorbed the feeling from her back and her bottom of the sponge like cushion and allowed herself to sink into it .
tr	PRES	" Death uses souls to create its body .
tr	PRES	" She mentioned that in her journal , " Haven mumbled .
tr	PAST	Kevin froze , trying to understand if his eyes are lying to him or not .
tr	PAST	He steadied Alex and walked with him up the beach .
tr	PAST	Several voices giggled from under the obscure water .
tr	PRES	She taps the same message and glares at the seat in front of her .
tr	PRES	I shine my Lumen that way just in time to see Six sprinting towards us , waving her arms .
tr	PRES	The two men who had been throwing shapes at each other bounded across the room using the tables like stepping stones .
tr	PAST	He squinted through his bifocals .
tr	PAST	For a moment , as it pounded across the square , Carey feared that the carriage was going to career into their caravan .
tr	PRES	And a horrible liar .
tr	PAST	Once the door was closed , I collapsed against it .
tr	PAST	No matter how many diets she went on or the number of times she starved herself the weight wouldn 't drop off .
tr	PRES	He saw time running out , the coming blackness .
tr	PAST	" The cops have been here before , " Otto stated wearily .
tr	PRES	You swim at the health club I attend and this may sound invasive , or creepy , but I have to know .
tr	PRES	Isabelle states with excitement .
tr	PAST	Jax propped himself on his elbow next to Nikki , resting his hand on her stomach .
tr	PAST	" Kiko , " Scar mumbled , his serpent eyes disappeared , replaced by his human gray eyes .
tr	PRES	And he screwed you over .
tr	PAST	I hopped on the metal deck to ride on the truck 's side , gripping the outside mirror for support .
tr	PRES	Sixteen troops and sixteen techs . "
tr	PAST	Her hand strayed to her stomach as wonder and fear spread through her , adding to her confusion .
tr	PRES	" Especially Recon Marines .
tr	PRES	' So The Government prints more money ! '
tr	PRES	His eyes flood as he stares deep into my soul .
tr	PAST	Her presence provided a comfort on those many nights when Daren was out of state .
tr	PAST	Vince 's dubious expression mirrored Nolan 's gut instinct and he sighed , knowing what he had to do .
tr	PAST	He exhaled his deepening uncertainties .
tr	PAST	Then , it transformed into something sweeter and more wonderful .
tr	PRES	He tries to take my hands again , but I slap them away .
tr	PAST	When the answer came , he attempted to describe the details of Carol 's problem .
tr	PRES	The casual way she replies causes my hands to twitch .
tr	PRES	If the others are discovered missing , she wishes to sacrifice herself in order to aid their escape . "
tr	PRES	" Because you 're Benjamin Quintanilla -- that 's why , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Brody scoffed , his voice sounding slightly bemused .
tr	PRES	" I got mass enough , bro .
tr	PRES	Not if the Assembly votes to put you in command of the city .
tr	PAST	Bond produced his battered Ronson and handed it over .
tr	PRES	She carries my blood -- she carries your blood .
tr	PAST	I even revealed where the Great Cane of Ancestors was .
tr	PRES	" A tragedy . "
tr	PAST	I shrieked as the orgasm turned into an onslaught of orgasms .
tr	PRES	He stretches , showing off that ripped body .
tr	PRES	" Just go wash up and then you can pay him for his trouble and go home . "
tr	PAST	Olivia tugged at the collar of her shirt that threatened to cut off her air supply .
tr	PRES	The sea stank of oil .
tr	PAST	He stares unblinking at it all , allowing the landscape to build before him , as much a map of the present as the past .
tr	PRES	Discouraged , he sighs .
tr	PAST	A uniformed boy plopped down across from me .
tr	PRES	An unexpected swell of emotion rattles the last few words out of me as I hold back the urge to cry .
tr	PRES	The jungle stretches for miles and miles .
tr	PAST	A searing pain snaked across her shoulders and down each arm to her fingers , banishing all thoughts of Cartier .
tr	PRES	He glares at me as he searches through the next dresser drawer , which is filled with clothes and empty cigarette packs .
tr	PRES	" No , you 're not , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Though a man who turned in his own kind for slaughter definitely could not be trusted .
tr	PAST	He blamed himself , and it was eating him alive .
tr	PAST	He extended a hand toward the door .
tr	PAST	And if he committed suicide for some other reason , then where are the stock certificates ?
tr	PRES	These lips belong to you . "
tr	PRES	He sniffs , striding over to a mirror on the other side of the room .
tr	PRES	" The paper plates and the plastic forks are clean .
tr	PAST	He dove straight at it , stretching his arms ahead of him .
tr	PAST	" My church was broken into last night , " Gabriel announced when we had all congregated around our old work station .
tr	PAST	And protected his coven 's secrets , too .
tr	PAST	After a few steps , he froze and eyed me up and down .
tr	PAST	She hasn 't even mirrored at all .
tr	PRES	" Shh , lass .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Reed motioned toward a car turning into the drive closest to Jasmine 's rental car .
tr	PRES	The government of B.C. sells arms to the Aboriginal Nation to pen up the IOF in Alberta .
tr	PRES	A vivid light shone down upon each door , illuminating an engraved brass plague .
tr	PRES	I assume this is a priority . "
tr	PAST	" Hold her arm up , " Sofie instructed Mage , and my arm was instantly yanked up into the air .
tr	PRES	" That 's the other rumor going around , " states Suzy .
tr	PAST	At that time , Raj 's cell phone buzzed .
tr	PRES	Next to my foot lies my tortoise shell .
tr	PAST	The beeping machines quieted a bit .
tr	PRES	In the quiet , solitary recesses of their despair .
tr	PRES	And the jammies poking through .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	Beyond the doors , the atmosphere changes .
tr	PAST	I coated them neurotoxin that will cause paralysis in whoever is stabbed with it . "
tr	PRES	" Well done , Ms. Messenger . "
tr	PAST	" No , even if I was interested , which I 'm not , " she lied .
tr	PRES	She strokes my hair gently .
tr	PRES	and wash it well . . "
tr	PAST	He smashed through the crops , twisting and breaking along the way .
tr	PRES	We both fel into our seats , and I waited for Kim to go through her routine of a fake Catholic prayer before she started the engine .
tr	PRES	' Where the hell are all the notebooks ? ' '
tr	PRES	" I 've found something , " he beamed holding up a large purple coloured book for them to see .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven She thought he was a monster .
tr	PRES	" They teach you how to use medical needles in school in your time ? "
tr	PRES	Rick flicks the button and the video is dated to a few minutes later .
tr	PAST	I dumped it on the table , in front of the seat across from Dean , and sat down .
tr	PAST	She flicked through the pages .
tr	PAST	Serena stares at his naked body until Liam throws the cape at Alaric .
tr	PAST	Owen slapped the back of Brian 's head with his free hand , making Brian yelp in pain .
tr	PRES	" And what about the reverse ? "
tr	PRES	Not a big old steel helmet , just your standard issue baseball hat . "
tr	PRES	She stops in a huff , throwing her arms around herself , and scowls .
tr	PAST	He created icy polar bears and penguins , and illusions of ballerinas and clowns .
tr	PRES	Distrust shone in his black eyes .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with another series of levers .
tr	PAST	Since she 'd resigned .
tr	PRES	Holy crow , don 't that stink ! "
tr	PAST	Ten minutes later , the Post Office received its first delivery .
tr	PAST	We speculated as to how negotiations were proceeding and how long we 'd be stuck here .
tr	PAST	They sensed a dominance battle .
tr	PRES	He loves me now .
tr	PAST	Finding a pen and paper , she scrawled a two-line message .
tr	PAST	Closer inspection revealed four bedrooms that were tastefully decorated , but had no real personality .
tr	PRES	" C " mon ! "
tr	PRES	" GOD HAVE MERCY ON US ! "
tr	PAST	She eyed his arm as if he offered her a lift into a pit full of snakes instead of a meal .
tr	PRES	She folds a pink t-shirt and drops it onto a stack of shirts .
tr	PRES	" Good luck with that , " Dante murmurs into my ear .
tr	PRES	" Yes , you did , " he whispers against my skin .
tr	PRES	I scratch and claw , throw my knees at him , but nothing works .
tr	PRES	" How about just Joey . "
tr	PAST	" You 're beautiful , kitten , " he rumbled in his delicious voice .
tr	PRES	My eyes strain , searching for movement or torchlight .
tr	PRES	Your hero nearly ruined everything for me . "
tr	PAST	None of the family dared to mention the coincidence of the baby 's affliction and the expertise of his mother .
tr	PRES	It could be worse , Corinne comforted her .
tr	PAST	Archer clutched my waist and then abruptly shoved me at arm 's length .
tr	PAST	He tugged at my torn shirt .
tr	PRES	Usual fee , and maybe some passes for the course , and dark South American chocolates for the recorder ?
tr	PAST	He desired her , had overriding urges to protect her - and to bed her .
tr	PRES	" We should have studied this more carefully before bed , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	How they had been attacked by unknown assailants and escaped .
tr	PRES	Final Epilogue This concludes the hypnotic regression sessions , to date , with Katherine , Annabelle , and Victoria to date .
tr	PRES	And I tremble when I hear the howling of a dog , and hastily seek bright lights and the company of human beings .
tr	PAST	" She 'd have a great time , " Kaylie urged .
tr	PAST	It also acted as a protective barrier for my right hand , which I kept tucked inside it .
tr	PRES	Against the backdrop of a sweet melody , he begins to croon .
tr	PAST	Continuing onward , Gray prayed they weren 't too late .
tr	PAST	" Shark to Seagull .
tr	PAST	Formerly a top selling realtor , he now supported himself and her mother with his artistry .
tr	PAST	She attempted to roll to her feet , but the heel pressing down on her throat halted her .
tr	PRES	" A few kids were out playing in the field yesterday , " he explains , a sad expression pulling at his face .
tr	PAST	Alethea thrived on drama .
tr	PRES	It remains one of the mysteries that only Silent Brothers are permitted to know .
tr	PAST	They were passing over a canal bridge , its stonework sides carved with runes .
tr	PAST	" I received it in the Land of Souls . "
tr	PAST	" I was terrified that I had lost you when I saw what happened to the camp , " Richard exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Before I could respond , he crushed me against him , ravaging my mouth with a hunger that set me on fire .
tr	PAST	The Big Man chanced another step forward , now standing at the buck 's side .
tr	PRES	The door at the top of the stairs opens and light feet skip down them .
tr	PAST	" You 're making judgments , " he accused .
tr	PRES	Adrian softens now , staring at my face .
tr	PRES	Poor other Circe now in my world .
tr	PRES	" Are you scared , kiddo ? "
tr	PAST	This time the facade served me well .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , the tiger changes course again .
tr	PAST	He acted out the events of a morning that he was out fishing in the nearby river and caught a fish .
tr	PRES	" What you have said deserves more thought and discussion than I can give it this morning .
tr	PAST	I flapped my wings faster , racing forward .
tr	PRES	" Simple , maybe , but not plain . "
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PAST	He eyed the dagger still in Tucker 's fist .
tr	PAST	David slapped his hand on the table .
tr	PAST	Tam continued to stare at him , face shadowed by the night .
tr	PRES	Is , um ... " Henry lowers his voice to a mere whisper , " ... sex involved ? "
tr	PAST	Reluctantly , he freed his body from hers , bent his head to remove the thin trail of red marring her skin .
tr	PRES	Suspicion it would seem , points to them both .
tr	PAST	Matthias eyed the small chair on the opposite side of the desk .
tr	PRES	The front door opens slightly , revealing first a chain lock inside , and then about half of a woman in her mid-to-late sixties .
tr	PRES	I tuned back in to Bennett 's question about my job .
tr	PAST	For a moment the wind ceased to blow , and the insects in the bayou were silent .
tr	PAST	He stripped the wet tarp off the groaning figure .
tr	PAST	Eventually John crouched behind a meager rock pile less than fifteen feet from the man with the bat .
tr	PAST	Fin slowed his horse , peered at his brother , then rolled his eyes .
tr	PRES	One time Caitlin spit in her face , and Mrs. Ada kicked her about something terrible . "
tr	PRES	She deserves better than that .
tr	PAST	He provided an anchor at a time when I was adrift . "
tr	PRES	Then the thug with the .38 tries to nail me .
tr	PRES	The steam rises in the cab .
tr	PAST	Dr. Feinstein scribbled something quickly on his pad and then put the pad down and leaned forward .
tr	PAST	Frantic pounding boomed in her head .
tr	PRES	" Thus the romance novels . "
tr	PAST	" Oh , honestly , " she chided , but she relished his strong sexual appetite .
tr	PRES	When Six 's flavor of the month has a hot best friend , she eases him into my graces .
tr	PAST	The reformers , in turn , accused the conservatives of being too self-absorbed and dogmatic .
tr	PRES	When cast , the spell speeds up a wizard 's relationship to time by making everything near him appear to be standing still .
tr	PAST	When he was halfway there , Thomas acted .
tr	PRES	But not if she was going to be cringing and getting all skittish with him .
tr	PRES	" I think that 's because he finally has someone his own age to play with , " Lorraine teased .
tr	PRES	Unfortunately , the price of that transgression falls on your shoulders . "
tr	PRES	When he grinned , I braced myself for what was to come .
tr	PRES	Again the cells stops then starts all over again .
tr	PRES	A small twig snaps under her weight and she freaks out .
tr	PAST	The girl eyed him .
tr	PRES	Enough of all this sadness .
tr	PRES	I 'm challenging you to an elemental duel , you sadistic bitch . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Miss. .
tr	PAST	From thence we proceeded to Oxford .
tr	PAST	But when my gaze got to my desk , I froze .
tr	PAST	He advanced toward her , his grin growing as surely as his cock .
tr	PAST	I dialed his personal line again , but it didn 't even go to the secretary .
tr	PAST	The man had the most messed up sense of fair and square .
tr	PAST	With the grin still wide on her face , she proceeded in that direction .
tr	PAST	He acted serious , but it also could have been a setup for some corny joke .
tr	PRES	" Come back to us , Quinton , " someone whispers .
tr	PRES	Diane passes through my room and doubles back when she sees what I 'm wearing .
tr	PRES	Flying wolves and serpents ?
tr	PRES	Don 't wear her completely out , " Dank teased as he turned to walk away .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Dudley had it sent over yesterday , " Mom offers .
tr	PAST	" And this texture you mentioned , it 's older , it 's dirtier .
tr	PRES	Then why assume we came here just for you ? "
tr	PAST	He nearly scoffed , wondering if this woman might be slightly unhinged .
tr	PRES	He loves you , Sam ... he loves you very much .
tr	PAST	She stomped around collecting coins , found her keys under a lilac hedge .
tr	PRES	I wipe my hands on the hem of my shirt as I inch toward the dresser .
tr	PRES	But packing him off to some boot camp ?
tr	PRES	' Hurry , ' she begged me .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I pulled her into an embrace .
tr	PAST	A small blue light floated to her , touched the top of her head , then floated away .
tr	PAST	His thick fingers idly caressed the soft tablecloth .
tr	PAST	Reuben eyed him coldly .
tr	PAST	The fluorescent lights buzzed above their heads .
tr	PRES	" If only I was still and young lad and free . "
tr	PRES	Her refusal enraged him .
tr	PRES	" My heart bleeds for you .
tr	PRES	" The trusted members all had these neck tattoos . "
tr	PAST	Jake adjusted their position on his hips and drew them one after the other .
tr	PRES	Savannah tuned out of the conversation to focus on the road ahead .
tr	PRES	" You already exist . "
tr	PAST	I attempted to take his attention off my dress and pulled my hand from his .
tr	PAST	So I divided us into teams as I had the day before , only this time we were hauling bodies .
tr	PRES	The cascade of diamonds drips down my abdomen , rests directly above my mons .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on the couch and closed my eyes .
tr	PAST	A cop , she marveled .
tr	PAST	Shelly screeched the Jeep to a stop across two parking spaces and cut the engine .
tr	PAST	Strange designs and flames reappeared at the side of his neck before ending at his right ear and the bottom of his chin .
tr	PAST	He grunted in surprise and cursed .
tr	PRES	God reaches you even in a basement , and she can 't keep her eyes open .
tr	PAST	He bounced into some exotic martial arts spin and kicked out at me , catching my leg and sending me to the floor .
tr	PAST	It 'll give you nightmares , " he advised .
tr	PRES	It helps that the wrapper was still partly in place : a red , white and blue wrapper .
tr	PAST	We reduced your medication yesterday and you woke up on your own accord today .
tr	PRES	You " ve done very well on your first day .
tr	PRES	With everything going on , the burden of finding true sanctuary falls heavily on you .
tr	PAST	My hand touches my throat and drifts across my breast , and then down my waist as I stare at the leather .
tr	PRES	a small voice squeaks .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , and then follow him , taking his arm as he reaches for the back door .
tr	PAST	He phoned a couple of times this past week and we 've talked about getting together .
tr	PRES	Sometimes he wondered why he kept her on , the surly wench .
tr	PAST	" Oh , I wouldn 't be so sure about that , " Dobson crooned .
tr	PRES	He strokes her face and kisses her forehead .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " Cassie mumbled .
tr	PAST	He doubted Papa was happy about last night , but he hoped the charm he possessed over his father hadn 't diminished .
tr	PRES	" I strive for perfection . "
tr	PAST	Babushka also instructed Andre to boil water outside and then to quickly bring it to her .
tr	PRES	His collected short fiction , Men of Eagles , offers new perspectives on the wars of the Napoleonic Age .
tr	PRES	" Well , you can sit with me if you want , " she offers in a rush , looking regretful almost instantly .
tr	PAST	Since I 've come home , I 've sensed there 's something wrong in the house . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew one finger , slowly inserting two , watching her expression closely for signs of discomfort as he pushed deeper into her body .
tr	PRES	He just likes me . "
tr	PRES	The murdered cow ? "
tr	PAST	One hand clutched at his chest , the other lay limp and broken .
tr	PAST	Fire engulfed his blade and lashed out in a wave , washing over a hundred of the inhuman warriors .
tr	PAST	Questions the last child named Hagar .
tr	PAST	I collapsed against him with a drawn breath . '
tr	PAST	Past the women a couple of men lingered midway down the plaza .
tr	PRES	But who protects me from you ? "
tr	PRES	He sees me looking at him and gives me a smile , then lets the kids go at the log themselves .
tr	PAST	I crawled on all fours toward the shade provided by the roof overhang .
tr	PRES	Something twitches to the left .
tr	PAST	" More stubborn every day .
tr	PAST	So they stole them .
tr	PRES	A few flutters sound from the jungle undergrowth to the side of the body of water .
tr	PAST	Rachel stiffened at this , and Denis laughed , his voice sharp .
tr	PAST	Cartwright grunted miserably and began pawing at his heap of shirts .
tr	PRES	" It kills me that I hurt you . "
tr	PAST	The tears overflowed and streamed down both white cheeks .
tr	PAST	" Perhaps we should take things as they come , " he hedged with care .
tr	PAST	And that someday we 'd come home again . "
tr	PRES	All Things Pass . '
tr	PAST	My heart actually skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	" You had better go and lie down for awhile , " Born instructed .
tr	PAST	Eline Kline 's posture faltered .
tr	PRES	" Amen , " the group sounded and it was abruptly obvious that hearts were lighter , eyes brighter .
tr	PAST	I flicked a glance over him again , my legs going all weak .
tr	PAST	Someone exited the Lazy Susan Bake Shop , and the scent of cinnamon wafted from the open doorway .
tr	PRES	He stretches his long , lean body out obviously done with the conversation .
tr	PRES	She sat there , stunned , her fork at her plate .
tr	PRES	Nate remains motionless for a moment , then walks over to the bottle , drinks the rest of it , and tosses it into the recycling .
tr	PRES	For some reason , the medical center likes us to have our full name plastered on everything .
tr	PAST	Harpies dove at her , shades of darkness against the shattered windshield .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PRES	She lets out a string of curses and doesn 't hold back on her anger .
tr	PAST	Lt. Col. Dawson hooked an elbow on the bar , flashing a thumbs-up .
tr	PAST	" Then he slowed down -- know what I mean ? "
tr	PAST	" You were having a nightmare , " she giggled .
tr	PRES	She lays it over me and slowly works it down .
tr	PRES	He deserves to die ! "
tr	PRES	" You 'll forget about me when you turn sixteen , " I teased .
tr	PRES	He stared at her blankly for a moment , his malice overcome by surprise .
tr	PRES	" Do not be sad , Mr. Dean Cook .
tr	PRES	With the support of a loving fiancée he attempts to prevent the next generation from following in his own footsteps .
tr	PAST	The stored chemicals and pottery glazes inside exploded and burned ferociously , giving no one any chance of escape .
tr	PRES	All wishes to avoid confrontation slipped away as something unusually contrary snapped inside her .
tr	PRES	Occupied with stabilizing the sled , Dina mutters , " Bite me , " in lieu of a more creative comeback .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not with you for the size of your ... um ... boat , " she teased .
tr	PRES	Huge iron gates surround the palace , taller than before , forming rings around the other fences and ultimately the fortress itself .
tr	PAST	Then she sped forward and grabbed his hands , shrieking .
tr	PRES	There , he soon falls into his bad old ways with the local underworld .
tr	PRES	" This house belongs to my brother-in-law .
tr	PRES	Serena frowns at his statement , looking around .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse from his clenched throat .
tr	PAST	Balancing the fence precariously , she jabbed a finger at the stranger , then jerked a thumb over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	But she hates me now , in case that wasn 't obvious . "
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around Kayden , breathing him in , never wanting to let him go .
tr	PAST	" Oh , Will , " Sarah sobbed .
tr	PAST	Amy dismissed the rage she saw flash across his face .
tr	PRES	But if that was the case , why hadn 't she driven there ?
tr	PRES	" It explains why Becca is acting weird , but what 's your excuse ? "
tr	PAST	Iris ceased his effort with an icicle missile through the chest before turning her focus back to Lucas .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , happier than I had seen her ... ever .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you to the lower class tables ? "
tr	PRES	The wind on the bridge whipped my hair around .
tr	PAST	She sensed that there was something more Thierry wanted to say .
tr	PAST	I scooted up on the bed after kicking off my shoes , and Robin did the same .
tr	PAST	Close enough to be swallowed by her presence , an apprehensive energy vibrated between us .
tr	PAST	Laila massaged the back of her neck .
tr	PRES	When I couldn 't catch my breath , Nick said slowly , " Abby , what did he do ? "
tr	PRES	Taking a small step closer , she looks down at me , pushes a strand of hair from my eyes .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth against the pain .
tr	PAST	His touch jolted me with that same sense of rightness it always did , calming me against my will .
tr	PRES	I lean down to touch my lips to his belly button .
tr	PAST	A tiny redheaded woman mumbled a few warnings to the dog and flipped on the porch light .
tr	PAST	Ian circled around Kennan and finally landed a strike .
tr	PRES	She throws herself into my arms .
tr	PRES	Black hair with long , messy bangs .
tr	PAST	She then thanked Mel for his assistance and cooperation and then returned to their cruiser with Aurelius .
tr	PRES	He snaps a picture of it and it 's license plate .
tr	PRES	" Yes , she likes to be with you and she asks questions to know you better .
tr	PAST	He slapped me again .
tr	PAST	She exited her bedroom .
tr	PAST	To his right , Franco tugged on his gear .
tr	PAST	The Librarian grunted , stumbling again .
tr	PRES	They both represent bad treatment rather than careful surgery , presumably for bad deeds in Frank 's eyes .
tr	PAST	The back of his skull smacked the edge of the bathtub with a horrifying crack .
tr	PRES	But Mike just chuckles .
tr	PAST	She inched her way toward the open door , listening for voices .
tr	PRES	Dr. Quickly invites us to tour the laboratory .
tr	PAST	On one particularly fine summer morning , when Ambrose was free of any duties , he eagerly sought out Phillip .
tr	PAST	Although Augustus was the greatest ruler of the ancient world , he ruled over 2,000 years ago .
tr	PAST	It glowed and flickered , a perfect reflection of the inferno around them .
tr	PAST	Boots giggled as a little muzzle rubbed against her palm .
tr	PRES	He likes that I read a lot - " " I do , too , " Daemon challenged .
tr	PRES	My father hugs me and lifts me high in the air .
tr	PAST	She hopped with excitement beside him .
tr	PAST	Thierry crumpled to the floor , his pistol dropping and misfiring , the report deafening in the enclosed space of the bedroom .
tr	PRES	Her face softens as we stroll inside .
tr	PAST	Dangling , swaying , she hooked her elbow around .
tr	PAST	She steadied her breathing , face nothing but alert , when a woman on the other side of the door said , " Housekeeping . "
tr	PAST	And I prayed very hard that everything would go right . "
tr	PAST	He swirled and scrambled alone in his skull , a whirlwind of consciousness , and the room began to spin with him .
tr	PRES	That 's so God knows where to look when he comes to find her , she explains .
tr	PRES	She loves it there . "
tr	PRES	He stands up as he realizes he has company .
tr	PAST	He clutched the receiver with a death grip .
tr	PAST	His hair fell forward over his eye , he flicked it away from his face .
tr	PAST	She no longer doubted his desire to defeat Lord Cleaver and realized she would never want to become his enemy .
tr	PAST	Images of warriors astride winged horses bore down on a pack of shadows .
tr	PAST	" She 'd have thanked you if she could .
tr	PAST	I prayed he knew what he was doing , because I felt like I was about to combust .
tr	PRES	" It 's too late for that kind of reminder , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	He gestured lightly to himself , his hand resting on his chest .
tr	PRES	Only real purple now . "
tr	PAST	Brice exited his home unaware that he was being watched .
tr	PAST	" Busy , " I mumbled , stealing a quick glance at Olivia .
tr	PRES	He pushes himself to his feet .
tr	PRES	He then reaches his hand out .
tr	PRES	I mumbled through a full mouth .
tr	PRES	Logan pencil dives next to me and pops up like a cork .
tr	PAST	His hand weaved in her hair , his eyes intent on her lips .
tr	PRES	Must you add the sir ? "
tr	PRES	She touches his face .
tr	PRES	He chuckles deep in his throat and puts his head back down on mine .
tr	PRES	With her story ended , Ivy falls quiet .
tr	PAST	The other workers circled around .
tr	PAST	Things quieted down when the social hour was over , guests either going out to sit on the front porch or going back to their rooms .
tr	PRES	He helps me to my feet .
tr	PRES	I strongly disapprove of killing . "
tr	PAST	" Father God , " Daniel prayed .
tr	PRES	Then she sees the gloved hand lunging at her .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a key from his pocket , and as he inserted it into the lock , glanced back at me and grinned .
tr	PAST	When Temperance dashed out of a bush to greet her , Jess sobbed with relief .
tr	PAST	She jolted up off the tile floor and on to the bench of the lunch table .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , staring out into the empty spot in the back of the parking lot .
tr	PRES	His shirt stank , and was stuck to him with sweat .
tr	PRES	Tammie opens the wallet , hoping to find no more than twenty dollars .
tr	PAST	He grunted then moaned .
tr	PAST	I used to know one of the other owners , a guy named Kane who used to come to our meetings . "
tr	PAST	He shuffled through the pages , but nothing else was there .
tr	PAST	" I want that pantsuit off pronto , " Rock rasped .
tr	PRES	Perhaps the fire and smoke sustain me . "
tr	PAST	About a minute later , the bell chimed again .
tr	PRES	" Tom Cody . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , buddy , but I 've never seen her before . "
tr	PRES	His expression was cold as he stood protectively in front of the older men , his hand constantly resting on his sword .
tr	PAST	So when Edward 's arms tightened around me , and both he and Alice looked to the back of the room with wary eyes , I panicked .
tr	PRES	At least , not verbally .
tr	PAST	It rumbled and tightened until I couldn 't stand to lie there anymore .
tr	PAST	Rachel sensed her boss was contemplating the number of people who might have access to a small military kill force .
tr	PRES	He points with a finger , that I can thankfully now see given the new source of light , to the right and steps forward .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and thrust once , and he was fully seated .
tr	PAST	He never acted repulsed or impatient with her .
tr	PRES	" And that brings us to the second reason . "
tr	PAST	He nuzzled her neck and slipped his arm around her , bringing her closer .
tr	PRES	Summer reaches in the bowl on the table and grabs an apple .
tr	PAST	She whipped her hair over her shoulder and sat down with her lunch tray .
tr	PRES	" Hell , no , " Isaac mumbled .
tr	PRES	He glances at Cassandra .
tr	PAST	Tristram 's speed of movement matched that of his aggressors as he thrust his hands upwards , grabbing both rifles and wrenching them from their grasp .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it about time for your great mistress to make an appearance ? "
tr	PAST	But she cringed to think Isaac might 've picked up on what she 'd just said .
tr	PRES	Dane holds up a stick and I see three lizards on them , two like the ones we had last night and something else .
tr	PRES	Thank you , ' mumbled Moist .
tr	PRES	Finally she spills soup on herself .
tr	PRES	Mike lets out a girlish scream before thudding to the ground .
tr	PAST	Tucker stomped out of the cafe , the bell chiming over the door .
tr	PAST	Miranda hopped to her feet .
tr	PRES	Did it not even occur to you ? "
tr	PRES	I wipe my hands on my pink sheets turned paint rags and climb down the ladder .
tr	PRES	" Ben McCarthy . "
tr	PRES	He opens the door , his right hand automatically reaching for the pull switch hanging from the ceiling and the room lights up .
tr	PAST	When the scowling kid finally reached them , he cocked back a painfully slow fist , and unleashed it towards Aidan 's abdomen .
tr	PRES	And you know Washington ... once they smell blood in the water ... " The feeding frenzy begins .
tr	PAST	Then she slowly extended the point toward the vampire 's throat .
tr	PAST	I stomped the gas .
tr	PRES	Nothing suspicious in any way .
tr	PRES	" He loves me , Steph . "
tr	PAST	I thanked my lucky stars that my sergeant had decided to go along with me .
tr	PAST	She stares straight ahead at the couple on the beach .
tr	PAST	They sloshed it around in egg yolk to get it moist again , and then they fried it up . "
tr	PRES	" That stung a bit .
tr	PRES	Ares glares at me , and for once , I don 't flinch .
tr	PRES	For we loathe this killing .
tr	PRES	He pushes the words on me aggressively so that I 'll let the truth of his words sink in .
tr	PRES	" So , Alaska .
tr	PRES	As I look them over and check their hook attachment , a shadow falls over me and I almost jump .
tr	PAST	He lounged back in his chair and stacked his booted feet on the corner of his desk .
tr	PAST	Magnus chased after him .
tr	PRES	His whole face changes .
tr	PRES	They will almost certainly try and trap her there in case she gains power once she is through .
tr	PAST	Verity clutched his leg so tightly that Jonas thought she would leave marks .
tr	PAST	She eyed me with that adorable half smile and I grinned in spite of myself .
tr	PRES	He points to a curtain .
tr	PAST	A door under the staircase revealed a tiny bathroom with a sloping ceiling tucked away like an afterthought .
tr	PAST	With the cautionary wariness invoked by his tone , Janet slowed her steps and became more alert .
tr	PAST	startled in his tracks as he bumped the chair beside him dislodging the girl 's arm which swung down , her hand slapping him in the face .
tr	PAST	Bill Door selected a piece of shaped metal at random , and placed it in the hand .
tr	PRES	" Tell me , Dreamer , and I 'll know where I stand .
tr	PRES	" Four , five , sex ... " Bloody hell .
tr	PAST	I will see you in class tomorrow , and we will work this out , " I advised .
tr	PRES	Historians disagree about who killed him .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FOURTEEN " What ? "
tr	PRES	She likes to decorate in the old west style , but with a girly side to it .
tr	PAST	The girl gritted her teeth and screamed in frustration .
tr	PRES	" Believe me , Lauren .
tr	PAST	I volunteered to find you because when I looked at you , I saw my future .
tr	PAST	He abandoned his country and his duty in the name of love .
tr	PRES	' Black Sabbath , Lamb of God , Judas Priest ... Wow , I 'd never have had you down as a heavy metal man . '
tr	PAST	He unfolded his arms and put his hands around her waist .
tr	PAST	He froze , closing his eyes and inhaling .
tr	PRES	Here , my memory fails me .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the black hat she 'd fastened , purposely askew , on Gran 's long black wig .
tr	PRES	" I hesitate to mention this , but shouldn 't you be wearing shoes ? "
tr	PRES	" And that points to higher testosterone ? "
tr	PRES	And is one monument going to lead to another ? "
tr	PAST	They emerged from the shade of the trees , some calling out the names of loved ones and embracing .
tr	PRES	" I 've been told that we 're amazing , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Simon tugged his shirt off and over his head and tossed it to the side .
tr	PRES	A thin veil of smoke fills a covered patio out back , and I pause when I see them .
tr	PRES	Kate , it floats . "
tr	PAST	Supple , hard muscle corded his frame .
tr	PRES	For some reason he 'd have to consider later , her own response to him mattered -- mattered more than anything else .
tr	PAST	Got a sucker and everything . "
tr	PRES	I recall being upset that Mom had scheduled the eye appointment right after my driving test .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but you 're about as flexible as one of those steel beams they use in high-rise construction projects . "
tr	PAST	He bounced off an invisible barrier , and for the second time Claire saw his fangs snap down , deadly sharp .
tr	PAST	I hike across the lawn toward the corner of the street so I can read the street sign , knowing it could be worse .
tr	PRES	" Because they are my parents , not a science experiment .
tr	PAST	" Have you reported this to the police ? "
tr	PRES	Schultz frowns and shakes his head , wondering what he 's going to say to the American people tomorrow with the entire government looking so incompetent .
tr	PAST	And where is that , Dre , a sense of dread fluttering over her again .
tr	PRES	" Not a god ... not a devil . "
tr	PAST	Maybe my heart sensed that something was wrong .
tr	PAST	Byron exploded out of the earth , a black vapor cloud streaming relentlessly through the sky .
tr	PRES	Sarah slumped forward , her shoulders limp .
tr	PRES	She winks at me and rolls over , scooting up onto the bed .
tr	PAST	Madison 's heart skipped a beat as her eyes met his .
tr	PRES	" I want to show you a secret , " he murmurs , slipping a hand onto my lower back .
tr	PAST	He opened his briefcase , produced a thick sheaf of papers .
tr	PAST	" He created the term ' rape and pillage . '
tr	PRES	A minute later , he folds his hands .
tr	PRES	" It could be nothing , " Mr. Cameron explains .
tr	PAST	My arms quit moving .
tr	PRES	How cooks the stew ? "
tr	PAST	I untied my bikini bottoms , guiding his hand lower , putting his fingers right on my sex .
tr	PAST	He seized her elbow and spun her around , a wild look in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Subtext , you idiot .
tr	PRES	" But what about Amelie ?
tr	PAST	It bothered me to see her drinking .
tr	PRES	Realm exhales , glancing outside once again .
tr	PAST	Sam dreamed the strangest , most vivid of dreams .
tr	PRES	" I understand , " Emma whispers as she looks to Julie .
tr	PAST	Some danced , others lounged against the walls staring arrogantly at the couples who waltzed by .
tr	PAST	The thief emerged from the kitchen a pair of heartbeats later , sliding something beneath his cloak .
tr	PAST	And likely enough some obscure transferred sexual impulses . "
tr	PAST	Then just as suddenly as it had started , the firing ceased .
tr	PRES	" That phrase applies to so many things at the moment that I 'm not sure which you 're referring to in particular . "
tr	PRES	I assume so , considering how several are hovering . "
tr	PAST	Slick tentacles rasped against her skin .
tr	PRES	But Daddy holds all the power .
tr	PAST	" Because she d - " Ella slapped her hand over Calliope 's mouth so hard that the sound reverberated through the room .
tr	PAST	Everyone cheered and two boys , fourteen perhaps , jumped into the ring and handed the men their clothes and bottles of water .
tr	PRES	Every time he attacked on one side with his reaching strikes he had to turn his entire body .
tr	PAST	Nick uttered the question that terrified Gray the most about his plan , " What if it 's too late then ?
tr	PAST	Scott threaded the other shoe but left the laces untied and dangling .
tr	PRES	I swing to my right , seeing the teen boys , appearing tall , short , bulky , or thin .
tr	PAST	" Good boy , " Peggy cheered and started to clap .
tr	PRES	Baldwin exhales a short little grunt of a laugh .
tr	PRES	" What an idiot . "
tr	PRES	Sun beamed , and greeted me , while we sat beside Ken 's lifeless body , the smile on my face vanishing .
tr	PAST	He again sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't mean it , " Roxie sobbed .
tr	PRES	Sobbing quotes from friends and family .
tr	PAST	The loud blast of a car horn jolted him out of his exultation .
tr	PRES	A corner of Bishop 's mouth twitches .
tr	PRES	I sprawl and somebody grunts up puke .
tr	PAST	I inhaled as his voice echoed through my head .
tr	PAST	She clutched at him as another deep shudder racked her .
tr	PRES	The group chuckles , surprised by my swipe at the queen bee .
tr	PAST	With each one he classified he also enlightened us on their strengths and weaknesses .
tr	PAST	She regarded him with wide , innocent eyes .
tr	PAST	Kaspar cocked his head , watching me with amused bewilderment .
tr	PRES	He looked up , his smile fading .
tr	PRES	" Careful , Eaton , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Silence falls over the cab of the truck like a wet blanket .
tr	PAST	From the looks of it , she doubted he 'd tasted any of them .
tr	PAST	Not that I blamed her .
tr	PAST	Keeping her wary gaze on him , Destiny inhaled slowly .
tr	PAST	Derrick grunted , pulling away from Cricket 's hands .
tr	PRES	He talks to me like I 'm a child , too naive to understand his intentions .
tr	PAST	We smoked a cigarette and I asked her if she was hungry ; she very sweetly told me she was starving .
tr	PRES	A little stiff perhaps , but he meant it kindly .
tr	PRES	" She visits Joel every second weekend .
tr	PAST	" It was an accident " Dr. Phelps lied .
tr	PAST	Iseo cringed at the thought of lice .
tr	PAST	I thanked him , then pulled out my phone and walked away .
tr	PRES	" I 'll never love you , " I hiss , spitting in his face .
tr	PRES	Nobody explains to him why that 's funny .
tr	PAST	From the direction his eyes strayed I could tell he was intent on speaking with me .
tr	PAST	The long Rolls-Royce jolted to a halt beside Ash .
tr	PAST	She subsided , not liking the pallor on his tanned face .
tr	PRES	Gwen whispers to Nathan about using the restroom .
tr	PAST	Sadly , Beulah skipped church and Pizza Hut for the one Sunday during her grandson 's annual visit .
tr	PAST	An instant later , a wide gray strip extended from the antenna to the lens , completing the circuit .
tr	PRES	Also understandable , of course . "
tr	PAST	Got a dong like a donkey and a good physique . "
tr	PRES	Are you cured ? '
tr	PRES	" Come on , Laura .
tr	PRES	" What about the OSHA inspection ?
tr	PAST	His gaze bounced from Valerie to Grace before finally settling on Ethan .
tr	PRES	He frowns with worry then knees , sliding his arms under her legs .
tr	PAST	Pieces of the guilt that had been weighing her down floated out into the ocean air .
tr	PAST	He dared a glance to see all three coyotes watching him .
tr	PAST	Don 't do it again , Mr. Messick . "
tr	PAST	When Casey and I entered the apartment , Mom 's eyes brightened , then immediately dimmed .
tr	PAST	" You should absolutely not contact any of them , " Rutledge stated adamantly .
tr	PAST	The stone lingered in her hands only an instant longer , then it fell right through , and into the Haunter 's open palm .
tr	PRES	With a scream , I swing the handcuff and it hits him on his temple with so much force that he falls again on the floor .
tr	PAST	A line of torches snaked along the path .
tr	PRES	And when I squeeze my legs around him , Corr bounds forward again , as if we 'd been merely straggling before .
tr	PAST	Tessa announced for all personnel to hear , " Margo Red and Sally Blue , as you were !
tr	PRES	That helps me a lot .
tr	PRES	I tremble again as his finger runs across my lips , painting them a color of rose that accents their fullness .
tr	PRES	I wipe them away .
tr	PRES	And with that he disappears in a plume of fog .
tr	PAST	He pondered that for a minute , gaze drifting toward the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" Well , I hope you find them , " I add .
tr	PRES	" Hardly full of , " Art mutters .
tr	PRES	Nick mumbled something against her throat , but his thoughts remained a mystery , for within seconds his deep , even breathing told her he slept .
tr	PAST	Suzan sniffed at it .
tr	PAST	I squinted against the bright sunshine pouring through the blinds and grabbed my phone off the nightstand .
tr	PAST	The blades simply bounced back at them .
tr	PRES	Because she deserves - " Before Six can finish , the Civic roars to life , Sarah revving the engine .
tr	PRES	He reaches into his pocket , pulls out a cloth handkerchief and hands it to me .
tr	PRES	After a moment , though , his brow relaxes slightly .
tr	PRES	spat Agnes , and the baby whimpered .
tr	PRES	" Hello ... hello there Mr. Zane .
tr	PRES	" No way , " I said , folding my arms .
tr	PRES	" He also hates cabbage .
tr	PRES	Light shone from a small crystal resting on a shelf .
tr	PAST	Glen downed a mouthful of beer and felt glad to be out of the house , out on the town , regardless of Russell 's mood .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to my door ?
tr	PAST	Lodge motioned to her after they broke away from each other .
tr	PRES	" You 're a liar , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	As she started to button her blouse , covering the sweet swells lifted by the pink bra , he inched closer to her .
tr	PAST	They collected firewood and quickly built a cooking fire .
tr	PRES	Max holds up a slice of half-eaten pie .
tr	PRES	" Mum wears rose-tinted spectacles .
tr	PAST	The translucent and bumpy piece of skin bounced Ash 's finger right back .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Jenkins froze , and gave me an icy glare .
tr	PRES	" Enough to guarantee GP votes .
tr	PAST	I just grunted and started herding her to the car again .
tr	PAST	She braced herself for another possible onslaught , then went out to the kitchen to face her parents .
tr	PRES	" Saved by another emergency " he mutters rising .
tr	PRES	But when Rob sees his stepfather murder a man and begs Penny for asylum , she changes direction .
tr	PAST	Keller reported back to Lara .
tr	PRES	I scramble towards Stace ; maybe being close to her will keep me safe .
tr	PAST	After rinsing my mouth twice , I stormed into the bedroom .
tr	PAST	I scrolled down the list of files and clicked on the one entitled " Red Death " .
tr	PRES	He breathes into my hair .
tr	PRES	The soul stands five feet tall in tattered clothing .
tr	PAST	I don 't think he 'll just take our word for it , father , ' I predicted .
tr	PRES	If she passed one on the road , her blood pressure spiked .
tr	PAST	The device beeped once , and instantly began counting down .
tr	PAST	His chin nuzzled against my temple , his eyes closing .
tr	PRES	" I really missed you , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Then a night time of screaming , as Sky 's daytime fears transformed into night-time terrors .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number .
tr	PAST	He clutched her fragile body to his chest , his fingers tangling in her blood-soaked hair .
tr	PAST	He leaped through the opening and vanished into the billowing gray smoke .
tr	PRES	So what brings you here ?
tr	PAST	Way in the distance , the men of the airport lounged in rocking chairs on the office porch .
tr	PRES	Anita quickly snuck a look at me , and winked .
tr	PRES	The camera pans on the landscape with dimensions of one thousand feet long .
tr	PAST	" We have to get out of here , " Hunter urged Benji .
tr	PAST	He piled everything into Iona 's numb arms .
tr	PAST	Nora stares at me in surprise .
tr	PRES	" Git ' outta there .
tr	PAST	But she trusted him enough to let him in at least a little .
tr	PAST	A shadow of a smile dimmed the raw edge of her emotion .
tr	PAST	I glided my fingers through her silky hair and studied her face , her dark lashes fanned across her cheeks .
tr	PAST	His rage exploded again .
tr	PRES	His eyes unfocused slightly .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat and her discomfort is so damn cute that I want to kiss her immediately .
tr	PRES	From below she hears a terrifying cry , the primal shriek of a wolf .
tr	PAST	I shrieked when he shoved his pale face into mine , and in the lantern light his teeth looked unnaturally long .
tr	PRES	" Just as long as he lets me go . "
tr	PRES	After a short moment she forced herself to stand , taking Nicolas 's helping hand , and said to John , " Ready . "
tr	PAST	We have risked much to bring the girl here .
tr	PAST	Experts estimated that it was big , very big , and considerably larger than the largest Bear .
tr	PAST	" I believe , sir , you are being deliberately obtuse , " she charged in low tones .
tr	PAST	You see , a lot of people get it wrong , ' she lied on her feet , her heart beating in her ears as she did .
tr	PAST	' Shouldn 't you have your feet protected ? '
tr	PRES	I add , " And it 's not like I 'm that far away .
tr	PRES	In fact , it was to leave it open for your troops , " Hayden explains .
tr	PAST	Ships and ships without end swirled around the physical and mental space of the people still alive .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PRES	It lies there on its side , staring at the frozen pavement .
tr	PAST	" Ah , there she is , " an unfamiliar voice stated .
tr	PRES	I um ... " " I heard you tell the bus driver , " he said easily and taking her arm turned her around .
tr	PAST	He groped for a dart on the dartboard and raised it into the air , his eyes loony and enraged .
tr	PRES	He stares , lifts his brows .
tr	PRES	My back slams into the hardened spring ground .
tr	PAST	Fury scoffed at his brother 's offer .
tr	PRES	Your blood belongs to me . "
tr	PRES	The image of mother and baby slams against his violent impulses .
tr	PRES	" Stay still sis .
tr	PAST	" You look like someone just died , " Kiersten joked coming up alongside Wes and leaning against him .
tr	PAST	" Ask him about the spirit , Sophie , " Lukas urged .
tr	PAST	he grunted , peering about in befuddlement .
tr	PAST	the Mayor asked , the command in his voice replaced with concern .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " Cy offers lightly .
tr	PRES	The site holds some good memories . "
tr	PAST	Ever steered you wrong ? "
tr	PAST	Dan , Matt , and Renee buzzed with excitement as the bus got on the road again .
tr	PRES	Pure , unadulterated censure .
tr	PAST	He withdrew for a moment , let go of her hands , and adjusted their position so he could raise both her hips off the bed .
tr	PRES	Each stretches far into the sky .
tr	PRES	The room opens up into arcade heaven , literally this is the name painted on a plank right above the doorway .
tr	PRES	The lift , " Lennox hisses , tilting his head towards the elevator in front of him .
tr	PRES	Rian lets out a breath and motions Megan to follow him .
tr	PAST	And for the longest time , he blamed Tyler for Olivia 's death .
tr	PRES	When I think I 'm finished , I wash my hands in the sink and rinse my mouth out .
tr	PRES	Then I fix the leg .
tr	PRES	His tall , athletic body was still spare and showed the uniform to advantage .
tr	PRES	" What of Enrico ?
tr	PRES	A short time ago I witnessed my sister-in-law , who keeps herself in excellent shape , eating what can only be described as a small animal habitat .
tr	PAST	He alighted onto the neighboring rooftop and retracted his wings , but didn 't release her .
tr	PAST	Runner obviously approved of him so he let Alexander scratch his head .
tr	PRES	For the bosses in the east crave the independence the Chicago Don holds , while the men in the Windy City yearn for more control .
tr	PAST	Our little dance at the club bothered her and if I 'm being honest it affected me too .
tr	PAST	Anxious to see what the man would command the creature to do in a stadium this size , she wrung her hands and waited .
tr	PAST	The tip of his sword wavered in his shaking hand .
tr	PRES	" I love you so much , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	Greg stared at me , his eyebrow cocked high .
tr	PAST	I scooted my body up instead and kissed him .
tr	PAST	Pushing again , his body fitting with mine , not stopping until he was seated to the hilt .
tr	PRES	" I assume he is providing money for this bunch and leadership . "
tr	PRES	" All units engage . "
tr	PRES	Megan frowns and slowly sits down onto the soft carpet .
tr	PRES	It hugs her body perfectly but the bottom barely covers her thighs .
tr	PAST	After a further few moments , the tension broken , Antonia extended her hand in confirmation of the contract .
tr	PAST	Noise exploded through the doorway .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to go wash the blood off my hands , " he whispers and I lean away .
tr	PRES	" Super Mario ! "
tr	PAST	She toyed with the strings on the side of her bikini bottom and ducked her head .
tr	PAST	Next stop in his search for his missing best friend , Nick sought out Keri , one of Hang Ten 's hostesses .
tr	PAST	Presently I groped in my pocket , got out my matches , and tried to strike a light .
tr	PRES	" Don 't touch him , " she hisses .
tr	PRES	" In other valleys far out in the jungle .
tr	PRES	The skin splits open and the pain erupts up my arm .
tr	PAST	" Gotcha , " Ashe mumbled , holding out a hand again .
tr	PRES	Charles likes things tidy and he doesn 't see books on a shelf as neat .
tr	PAST	She resigned at last to surrender to the enemy .
tr	PRES	He then opens the passenger door and climbs in next to the cabby .
tr	PRES	She usually visits the town to convert with the citizens , but not as this week .
tr	PRES	" We don 't have her here , Sonia .
tr	PAST	Holding my breath , I inched in closer to the shelf .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry about me , Joe , " Pat piped up .
tr	PAST	She leaped to her feet and came at me again .
tr	PAST	Running into the water , we dove deep , as we could hear the bullets penetrating the water around us .
tr	PRES	He loves his brothers .
tr	PRES	" You met Taylor , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	Will tensed as the blood struck the floor and began to burn with an eerie blue glow .
tr	PRES	Bishop wraps his arms around my waist , making me forget everything but him and how I need to be closer .
tr	PRES	" George I assume your people have located all the Irishmen ? "
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and stared at me .
tr	PRES	She 'd been so responsive in his arms , her luscious female curves pressed into him .
tr	PRES	" Come with me , " I said , pul ing Violet into a hug .
tr	PAST	As I waited for the light , frowning myself , I reflected that people were more psychic than they realized .
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed a brilliant green .
tr	PRES	I disapprove of excessive breeding .
tr	PAST	He barged in to the gym floor .
tr	PRES	My head falls to the side uncontrollably as his palm moves over my breast just outside of my bra .
tr	PRES	" Did Eugene really confess ? "
tr	PRES	Instead of pulling out , he pushes his cock deep inside of me , spurting into my body .
tr	PRES	" Separating us makes us easier prey . "
tr	PRES	" My nephew ! "
tr	PAST	Sean sniffed the wind , but the air was clean .
tr	PAST	Each time , he mentally calculated how long it would be before he 'd be confronting his parents with the truth .
tr	PAST	The court ruled that the government could not prove that North 's Congressional testimony had not affected the testimony of witnesses at North 's trial .
tr	PRES	But instead , the dark-haired handler , the one I 'm scared of , pushes off from the wall and leaves the room .
tr	PAST	She clasped it in her hands and held it to her heart .
tr	PAST	I groped everything at my surroundings .
tr	PAST	Zack toyed with the glass cradled between his big hands and stared down at the liquid sloshing against the sides .
tr	PRES	I whipped the cash out of my shoulder bag and slammed it on the table next to a small metal tray .
tr	PRES	" But - " Grubbs begins .
tr	PAST	Angry now about Trevor 's concern for his embarrassment with the situation rather than what she had to say , Caroline fumed .
tr	PAST	That 's just great , " I wail , feeling like a complete idiot .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps the Revolutionary War . "
tr	PAST	" GQ ain 't got nothin ' on me , " I joked .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ! "
tr	PRES	" Think about it , Jess .
tr	PAST	Not these two sisters , anyway . "
tr	PAST	" Making private phone calls on company time , Nancy , " stated Grahame Coats .
tr	PAST	" You 've got to be kidding me , " I scoffed .
tr	PRES	She reaches for him , but he moves away closer to me , leaving her grabbing at air .
tr	PAST	She stiffened , but she made no effort to pull away .
tr	PAST	" I chased the Baroness to the nursery half an hour ago . "
tr	PRES	I HAVE 2 STAY .
tr	PRES	I urge you to desist . "
tr	PRES	You belong , here .
tr	PAST	He soaked up the night 's beauty as he made his way back toward his village .
tr	PAST	Even when I told him what he 'd mumbled , he denied it .
tr	PAST	The lights turned green as their car approached , Stuart bore right , touched the accelerator and purred into Fortress Road .
tr	PAST	The guard charged at him .
tr	PRES	Then Claude sneaks up from behind him and gets his knife handle around his neck .
tr	PAST	" Mom acted like she was competing with you .
tr	PAST	They established such guidelines themselves .
tr	PAST	Pushing out a breath , I hopped into motion .
tr	PAST	Alex gritted her teeth and turned her head back to watch the handsome surfer carry his board out to the water .
tr	PAST	But she just giggled .
tr	PRES	And Elizabeth misses her . "
tr	PRES	" Your witness . "
tr	PAST	" Make us , " R.V. giggled .
tr	PRES	" He punished the girls as liberally and as painfully as possible . "
tr	PRES	Maks also left them a vehicle , a banged-up , cream-colored Mercedes coupe caked in black mud , its leather seats brittle from exposure .
tr	PRES	You did break the last one , " the fairy points out , bobbing about overhead .
tr	PAST	While the woman speaks she takes the opportunity to acquaint herself with table , charts , equipment , brushing her fingertips over the naked lightbulb .
tr	PRES	It states that the Earth not only contains every form of communication in the universe , but that it does so in their exact proportion .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and asked him to drink a cup for me .
tr	PRES	He relaxes , leaning back on the bench , awaiting my answer .
tr	PRES	I swim towards him at the edge of the pool and lean on the grassy bank to haul myself up , forgetting my inhibitions from earlier .
tr	PRES	She reaches up to play with a strand of damp hair , curling it around her index finger .
tr	PAST	Mike stiffened for a moment , then forced a smile .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " I murmur to James .
tr	PRES	And his Noise opens up to me , loud as thunder .
tr	PRES	Snake stands a little taller than Jack .
tr	PRES	He lets out a scoffing laugh that catches me off-guard .
tr	PRES	She glances out at the blackened sky .
tr	PRES	" Hello , you idiot .
tr	PRES	The sun shone on a lamp post at a closed shop .
tr	PRES	His diamond wings fold inward and again he glances back , like he can sense us .
tr	PAST	Jamie gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Okay , yes , I stole it from the cell ar . "
tr	PRES	Her mouth freezes open halfway as the brown wooden door finally slides open and a man walks out .
tr	PAST	I hauled myself off the sofa and shuffled across the living room .
tr	PAST	Eric sensed and smelled them , though he couldn 't turn to look at them .
tr	PAST	Not much bothered me right now .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth , then closes it .
tr	PAST	She absorbed the warmth and closeness .
tr	PAST	I never accused you of being intelligent . "
tr	PAST	She perused the rack , flipping through the long silken garments .
tr	PRES	When we arrived , we rebuilt some of it .
tr	PAST	But what really baffled me was why Simon would be going to the Midway .
tr	PAST	The car sped off smoothly on the airport Tarmac driving out the gate to the airport exit .
tr	PAST	As Hector approached , she resigned herself to this fate once again .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance upwards to see him slowly nodding , thoughtful .
tr	PAST	Gabe withdrew a single sheet of paper from his jacket pocket and handed it to Joey .
tr	PRES	Running through the crowd Bjorn pushes his way to the door of the inn running into Hagar full force .
tr	PRES	" A clone , " Bail mumbled .
tr	PRES	His chest rises and falls as he takes a deep breath .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat multiple times like she 's fighting back tears .
tr	PAST	" I 'm done , " she announced .
tr	PAST	She produced a small box , highly decorated , and pressed it into my hand .
tr	PAST	There were several of them , each with a pile of iron cannonballs neatly stacked by their wheels , beautifully chased in cast bronze .
tr	PRES	" No , it lies perfectly well ; it does not feel the least bit loose at all . "
tr	PAST	A pleasant aftertaste of fruit and wood lingered .
tr	PRES	Nathan 's eyes shone with emotion .
tr	PRES	' I 'm Steve , ' the man mumbled .
tr	PAST	Sarah cocked her head sideways , her breathing slowly returning to normal .
tr	PRES	Edward pushes his hair out of his eyes and slouches back in his seat .
tr	PRES	Eveline shone like a thousand suns .
tr	PRES	Just then the woman brings us our food and drinks .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth in frustration , punching the wall .
tr	PRES	Rann slides from the horse then stands .
tr	PAST	He proceeded out into the afternoon sun .
tr	PRES	The movement slows when he registers my presence .
tr	PAST	I pondered this for only a moment until I walked headlong into a wall .
tr	PRES	" Spoken like a true rookie , " she teased .
tr	PAST	A nasty shock froze his heart and stomach when he realized that the door to his room was locked .
tr	PRES	So , after perhaps five to ten are isolated , they alter the search process dramatically and the haystack is decimated as a consequence .
tr	PRES	" You 're okay , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Seth stands near the curtains , checking the clock on his screen .
tr	PAST	Diplomats , merchants , nobles , and different leaders of different groups all sought an audience at Oxford .
tr	PRES	" The raincoat ? "
tr	PRES	He flashes me a grin and then pulls the keys out of the ignition .
tr	PRES	And maybe Elliott deserves it .
tr	PAST	With the strange force behind his eyes , I preferred it when he was ignoring me .
tr	PAST	Thorne 's expression soured .
tr	PRES	His face and voice falls .
tr	PAST	Her thumbs glided over the bubbled text on the cover as her cheeks started to turn red .
tr	PAST	Because of this and his advanced age , they often treated him like a grandfather .
tr	PRES	But just so you know , tension often occurs when there 's a shift in power .
tr	PRES	He pushes out a breath .
tr	PRES	" Only another Norman .
tr	PAST	His fear , confusion , rage , and undying love engulfed her .
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled deep in his throat , animal , feral , like that of an aroused wolf .
tr	PAST	Alice slowed down her crying and smiled at me .
tr	PRES	Her hands slid up under the hem , her nails scratching lightly over his ribs .
tr	PAST	He scooted the table aside , lifted the rug beneath , then used the hunting knife in his belt to pry up a section of planking .
tr	PRES	" So the pogo stick lies already , beyond the clouds ? "
tr	PRES	He nearly falls over .
tr	PRES	Who 'd informed her of how bad the weather was there , while thankful that Emma wasn 't in it .
tr	PAST	area , " Sheriff Davis stated calmly .
tr	PRES	barked Agnes , making her jump .
tr	PRES	I assume it was an implant . "
tr	PRES	" To Geraldine ! "
tr	PRES	Would trying to feed her something alter any of your planned tests ?
tr	PAST	The psychiatrist breathed out , his last bastion conquered .
tr	PAST	He crouched to one knee , slipped the assault rifle from his shoulder , and placed it at his toes .
tr	PRES	He recognizes me immediately and his face drains of color .
tr	PAST	" He abused you as a child and you got away as soon as you could , but Pat wasn 't so lucky . "
tr	PRES	" Easy for you to get invites because one of you is a Harte and the other is a Madison .
tr	PRES	Andrew opens his mouth to object and I rise .
tr	PRES	" Which brings us back to the killer being a magician or someone affiliated with them . "
tr	PAST	" Take care of your wife , " Dio gritted at Domenico .
tr	PRES	Kate holds onto my head for dear life .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my footwork on the fly , supernaturally fast .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the guard ? "
tr	PAST	His scars alone ... she stifled a moan but her claws were curling .
tr	PAST	Freezing temperatures never bothered the Winter fey .
tr	PAST	Kimball brushed his hand over her head one more time , then extended a hand toward her to help her out of the booth .
tr	PAST	When Elena returned to the room , the nurse instructed her to undress and put on a paper gown .
tr	PAST	" Don 't answer any questions , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	And home lay beside her , his body curved protectively around hers .
tr	PAST	San Francisco twinkled in the twilight , the cars going back and forth over the bridge .
tr	PRES	Almost as an afterthought , he slides in , " Just your firstborn child . "
tr	PAST	The Judge instructed Gloria Lane to pass out another , lengthier questionnaire , and told the remaining jurors to have it answered by nine in the morning .
tr	PAST	Little girl in a pretty skirt , her head smashed in by a stone .
tr	PAST	She had sensed he was Old World and would frown on her American clothes .
tr	PAST	This enjoyment strengthened his resolve to be far more patient while he made her understand and brought about her taming .
tr	PAST	Weeping , she crawled towards the pillows .
tr	PAST	He retreated , watching her .
tr	PAST	My mouth sought hers , hard and demanding .
tr	PRES	Never forget , he mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	Charles inhaled deeply and blew across the top of the cake , quickly extinguishing the five candles as his mother snapped another picture .
tr	PAST	Apparently , we had both shopped the same fifty percent off rack at Macy 's last week .
tr	PAST	Mathison exploded , this time in horror .
tr	PRES	' Well I du n no what you did , Terri , but - ' Doc squealed .
tr	PRES	" She was doing it for bragging rights , " I insert .
tr	PAST	" I won 't harm you , Got ta Pee . "
tr	PRES	We HAVE to hurry . "
tr	PRES	Ervin stares up into the ceiling .
tr	PRES	" She tastes amazing Dominic . "
tr	PAST	Hank exited for good .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head back and peered at the sky thoughtfully .
tr	PAST	The glare of the flash bounced off the walls and the ceiling ... and Boris .
tr	PAST	Humming a Christmas carol , he hopped back inside his pickup .
tr	PAST	His morning beard rasped the juncture of her neck and shoulder , and then he traced a spine-tingling line down her backbone with one finger .
tr	PRES	That hardly explains what I can do with Olivia 's parents and Evie .
tr	PRES	And with that , he opens the adjoining door to his office , and locks himself inside .
tr	PRES	He towers over me .
tr	PAST	he inquired a second time .
tr	PAST	" You angling to be my next leading lady ? "
tr	PRES	He roared when he came , his sem * n spewing until he thought he would die of it .
tr	PRES	It pins Elis to the earth , its forearms and hind legs weighing down on his body .
tr	PAST	" And the computer matched us ? "
tr	PRES	It lets out a hideous squawk , begging for its life .
tr	PAST	She crouched beside him , taking his face in both hands .
tr	PRES	" I want you to live , Corinne .
tr	PAST	Roshan might have already busted himself out . "
tr	PAST	He motioned to me and I began to cry out silently to him .
tr	PAST	I was fighting it too , sympathetically , my hands balled into fists , arms tense , toes curling in my shoes .
tr	PAST	I just received another bank note from Buster that I haven 't even told Mac about yet .
tr	PAST	She flicked her arm and shot the nearest man in the arm .
tr	PAST	the stranger inquired , keeping his eyes on the steaming coffee .
tr	PRES	This allows them to wreak havoc on unsuspecting victims ... Shadow realm ?
tr	PAST	I finally received some real work , and out of the blue Jennifer miraculously conjured some mindless task for me .
tr	PAST	I blanched and then flushed .
tr	PRES	March offers a wicked smile , holding me upright .
tr	PRES	" And yes , brat .
tr	PRES	She even lets me have wine with dinner every now and then .
tr	PRES	I volunteer to go first .
tr	PAST	Not even if she were treated as a prized pet and given anything she ever desired in exchange for the blood she provided .
tr	PRES	" Show Woods some respect !
tr	PAST	Cara guides the train to a stop , and I hop onto the platform .
tr	PRES	asks one of his wives , her voice shaky .
tr	PAST	" He probably skipped class , like he 's done every day this week .
tr	PAST	" I really hope you have something more in your bag of tricks , " I taunted .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Ivy throws the twisted vent down at the feet of Tim and Jack .
tr	PAST	She dared not return to the musicians ' room .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight " Memorial - Serving as a remembrance of a person or an event ; commemorative . "
tr	PAST	His heart fisted in his chest and that tight knot of pain told him she was probably right .
tr	PRES	He snaps in frustration .
tr	PRES	This thing uses something other than radio signals to control it ; I don 't know how it works .
tr	PAST	She nearly collapsed when she saw him lying there , so blissfully unaware with his thumb in his mouth .
tr	PAST	He always treated his employees ' well .
tr	PRES	The car approaches a run down , isolated shopping complex on the side of the road and begins to slow .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply then slowly exhaled .
tr	PAST	They slowed to twenty miles an hour , stuck behind a truck that raised clouds of dust from the dirt road .
tr	PAST	A sound so fearsome the walls shook with it and the pool water sloshed up and over the rim in a wave .
tr	PAST	George bounced back to get a second punch that sent him against the two workmen and they all fell to the ground .
tr	PAST	The give and take between her parents represented the best in a relationship , but they 'd married young .
tr	PRES	Tiny , cramped print glares back at me .
tr	PRES	' The witch . '
tr	PAST	Remember , I created most of the design structure for your system , and that will help me to convince them of my innocence .
tr	PRES	He cups my cheek and the electricity between us sparks again .
tr	PAST	Silver quickly flicked his staff .
tr	PRES	He sees her looking over someone 's chart and asks , " May I speak with you for a moment ? "
tr	PRES	Water damage be undone . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles and says , " Don 't pretend with me and act like you don 't know . "
tr	PAST	Another helicopter touched down , this one with the QT logo painted on the side .
tr	PRES	But most of them involve Sylvester Jones and his descendants . "
tr	PAST	Each test cost $ 1,000 .
tr	PAST	Alexandra restrained the cowardly impulse to back away .
tr	PAST	I coasted along on the current for a little while , letting the seawater heal my stinging skin and aching body .
tr	PAST	His voice rumbled in my ear .
tr	PRES	Yet he tests off the scales .
tr	PAST	' I 'm not her , ' Cora stated boldly .
tr	PRES	Maybe Holly hears me snort , I don 't know , but she sees me then .
tr	PRES	" I don 't believe she 's even sixty yet , " mumbled Rose .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled as I held the pack to my eye and slumped over in the chair .
tr	PRES	" O 69 , " he bellows .
tr	PAST	" She is not a demon 's consort , " he gritted out .
tr	PAST	A moment later he cringed when the door opened and he saw the man stumble out towards him .
tr	PAST	I massaged my temples .
tr	PAST	An eerie , faint smile tugged at her lips .
tr	PRES	Although I know it seems irrational , pain fills my eyes for someone I don 't even know .
tr	PRES	Going near a window , I shout a warning to Charlie or Julianne .
tr	PAST	Prologue Six years ago Vincenzo froze as he heard someone fumbling open the door .
tr	PRES	Help me , Ashe begged mentally .
tr	PAST	He pretended to enjoy the band and occasionally nuzzled me or did something else obviously affectionate in case anyone was looking .
tr	PRES	" Totally , " I mocked her equally in English , the saying sounding funny to me .
tr	PRES	He works on tucking in his shirt , his too-long bangs falling in his eyes .
tr	PAST	A sudden chill washed over her .
tr	PAST	Hatch emerged from his buoyant ball of protection after several minutes .
tr	PAST	A large , square window revealed the vast mountain range in the distance .
tr	PAST	" Stupid thing quit working . "
tr	PAST	She risked another glance at the girl on the cover .
tr	PRES	" Ah ha ! "
tr	PRES	Finding out what 's new on Facebook , BOOM iPhone .
tr	PAST	Quinlan grunted with satisfaction as he entered a manual override into the system that would allow him to open the side door .
tr	PAST	And , yes , he cleaned up .
tr	PRES	' You idiot ! '
tr	PRES	He wears a bold blue robe trimmed in silver .
tr	PRES	" Trust Agnes to also send the prettiest dog trainer on the planet my way . "
tr	PRES	" Eden , you forgot again , " Avalon teased through gritted teeth .
tr	PAST	Pivoting , I surmised her figure -- eyes narrowing as I scrutinized her from head to toe .
tr	PAST	His firm represented Listing Foods , he explained gravely , and in fact , he worked on nothing but Listing 's business .
tr	PRES	Jumping the gun , as you Americans say . "
tr	PAST	But DNA testing on tissue that survived her death conclusively proved that she was not related to the Romanovs in any way .
tr	PRES	The spiced wine eases some of the anxiety stirring in me , and I find myself holding my glass out again for the consorts to refill it .
tr	PRES	In the yellow light , it shone like white gold .
tr	PRES	He distractedly reaches to wipe my still stinging forehead with the cloth while he turns back to question his brother .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the toilet seat , fully clothed , and prayed the pain would cease .
tr	PAST	The sound of hands clapping bounced around the cavernous room .
tr	PAST	I prayed like I 'd never prayed before , thanking God for keeping her on earth and asking for Him to watch over her .
tr	PAST	Eva seized his shoulder and hid her face in the hollow of his throat .
tr	PRES	He stares out the window .
tr	PRES	I bullet toward the fridge , but she herds me in the direction of the table with a plate at the ready .
tr	PAST	I eyed him apologetically after swearing .
tr	PAST	Tanner eyed a passing couple in trench coats .
tr	PAST	Clutching the envelope of photos under her arm , she quietly exited the apartment .
tr	PRES	That car belongs to one Mary Jamieson .
tr	PRES	" Wait ... um ... what ? "
tr	PAST	The band announced that it was time for our first dance .
tr	PRES	" She 's poor , Lila , " she harshly snaps like the word is so filthy it has no right to even leave her lips .
tr	PRES	Flynn reaches over a tilts my chin up so that my eyes meet his , " No Brie .
tr	PRES	The spirits of the desert Will trade bone marrow for wisdom : Parasites of the empty places , Sleep and learn , sleep and learn .
tr	PAST	Two points of blue light glowed in the Blackberry screen .
tr	PRES	He stops an arm 's length from me .
tr	PAST	The camera zoomed in on the talons as the woman described how they hunt their prey .
tr	PRES	He ruffled the bedding and fell face forward on its surface , looking like a man having had too many drinks .
tr	PRES	Then he hears her crying softly .
tr	PAST	Farley eyed Bill warily .
tr	PAST	Brice massaged his neck and throat , coughing several times .
tr	PAST	Jim had been a tall , clever , and self-possessed adolescent by the time Reuben crawled out of toddlerhood .
tr	PAST	Max systematically slowed the barbarian by stabbing one of his feet .
tr	PAST	" You proposed to another woman barely three months after we slept together .
tr	PAST	Chapter Twenty Six They sat at the back of the room away from the bar .
tr	PAST	Melissa unable to fight him off sobbed uncontrollably .
tr	PRES	The memory of Mr. Winchester snapping his fingers at me to refill his wine glass pops into my mind .
tr	PRES	He falls to the floor and clutches his wound feebly as it pumps blood onto the floor .
tr	PAST	He hopped out of Boo and went to open her door .
tr	PAST	Alex slowed and eyed her narrowly .
tr	PRES	He brings most of the classroom texts from his own personal collection .
tr	PRES	" Come over , " Jess whispered .
tr	PAST	He lied right from the start . "
tr	PRES	The padlock just opens . "
tr	PRES	I shout while moving to her .
tr	PRES	But something stronger rises .
tr	PAST	She preferred to leave it at that , but her guilty conscience dragged out the detail she 'd been hoping to ignore .
tr	PAST	" I 'd love that ... Circe , " then she giggled .
tr	PAST	He sensed one of the tribesmen approaching .
tr	PRES	Adrenaline begins to leak into my bloodstream , and I silently pray for Isaiah to stride back into the door .
tr	PAST	LaRouche crouched down low , and waited near a stream just beside a narrow oak tree .
tr	PRES	You just always assume that you can .
tr	PRES	Maya , gripping her father 's hand looks up to see her mother a huge smile forming on her face , her eyes brightening .
tr	PAST	Casey accused frowning at him as if he had done something to cause her disappointment .
tr	PAST	That , coupled with Derek 's behavior with Juliette , rendered her decision settled .
tr	PRES	Warner stops the tank .
tr	PAST	She froze , leaning away from his hot , labored breath .
tr	PRES	In this endless journey , to strive to capture upon the canvas my feelings and what I saw .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later the other man , the younger one he had seen at the bank and had chased him walked in and sat beside him .
tr	PRES	" This social worker deals with foster kids , right ? "
tr	PAST	I pretended I didn 't know why you would do such a thing .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled at the thought of food ... I had never been this hungry before .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " Olivia breathed , her voice husky .
tr	PAST	He touches 2 fingers to my chin , tilts my face up just enough and I 'm a live wire in water .
tr	PRES	" May I retrieve it ? "
tr	PRES	She loves your paintings , honey ! "
tr	PRES	Her dad glares at us from where her mom is draped against his side on the opposite couch .
tr	PRES	" ... and it was you who covered our honeymoon suite in tulips ! "
tr	PAST	I freed the lid , set it aside , and peered into the box .
tr	PAST	He always attempted to speak to Emma , who mostly kept to herself .
tr	PAST	Then suddenly , it swooped down to the underground .
tr	PRES	Fear slides into my gut like a blade .
tr	PRES	" So what are you ladies up to this weekend ? "
tr	PAST	A bronze plaque at the base of the stature bore the inscription : BELIEVE !
tr	PAST	The flavors exploded on my tongue , a perfect mix of sweet and salty , with a great crunch and a hint of sour from the cherries .
tr	PRES	" Oh ... um ... thanks .
tr	PRES	My mattress creaks under my weight as I sit .
tr	PRES	He exhales the smoke .
tr	PRES	They exist to protect people . "
tr	PAST	Ash matched Puck 's glare .
tr	PAST	" You were still a virgin when it happened , " Jason stated in an anguished voice .
tr	PRES	" Hang on , sweetie . "
tr	PRES	His eyes are beseeching , his tone pleading .
tr	PRES	I ponder that for a moment and to my surprise , I do find that I trust him .
tr	PAST	His breaths matched mine , but I was positive he was only nervous about teaching me how to shoot .
tr	PRES	for whom it did not , apparently , represent cruelty .
tr	PAST	I sensed they were closer to ten or twenty pounds .
tr	PAST	Her hair tickled his nose and each breath he took was scented with vanilla .
tr	PRES	Leaning back on the couch , taking me with him , he holds up the letter .
tr	PAST	He circled me slowly .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me , alleviating a small amount of pain .
tr	PAST	Unwelcome desire charged through him despite his best efforts to keep it at bay .
tr	PAST	I shuffled awkwardly , instantly regretting the kiss .
tr	PAST	Spiders now crawled on every single tree around me .
tr	PRES	Or at least a less violent one . "
tr	PAST	" That worker is chained to the machine , " Thalia stated with a surprised expression on her face and her eyes widened .
tr	PRES	Time passes differently in the different worlds . "
tr	PAST	But making music -- real music -- required a soul .
tr	PRES	The day passes with crafts and glue on little fingers and lopsided snowmen and munching on roasted pumpkin seeds and lots of " Jingle Bells " .
tr	PAST	Ginger tipped her head to the side .
tr	PAST	The music from below boomed through the hallway , and Rena could feel the bass echoing through her as she walked .
tr	PAST	All those Jupiter signs plopped all around aroused suspicion .
tr	PAST	He untangled himself from her and got to his feet .
tr	PRES	Tristan questions in a joking tone as he glances over his shoulder at me .
tr	PRES	Didn 't I warn you about what would happen if you didn 't lay still ? "
tr	PAST	I regarded the constable more closely .
tr	PRES	she whispers , yawning .
tr	PRES	" Pacific Heights . "
tr	PAST	He toyed with a lock of her hair , twining the curl around his finger .
tr	PRES	His majesty , as I said before , wishes to meet with the two of you . "
tr	PAST	" Sometimes I race stock cars down here .
tr	PRES	' Which god ? '
tr	PRES	The blond falls to the floor .
tr	PRES	Nichols brings up his arm to shield his eyes as a huge flash of light ignites Omicron 's core .
tr	PRES	Victoria ... " " Kiss me . "
tr	PRES	" But Dmitri ... " Nicolas mumbled as he was held up by his collar by a furious Tara .
tr	PRES	I inched forward , the low rumble of the big truck 's engine drowning out whatever Mage was saying .
tr	PAST	" Why did we listen to that man , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	In no time , it had neared the bottle .
tr	PRES	" ' Bout a year back , fourteen months ? "
tr	PRES	Silence fills the room for a moment and we just look at each other .
tr	PAST	Rose inquired with a twinkle in her eye .
tr	PRES	My anger begins to coil around me , blotting out the sadness that had brought me here today .
tr	PAST	Julie leaped up from her chair , hurried across the kitchen and took Gina 's arm .
tr	PAST	I froze , staring with an open mouth at the woman that -- for all intents and purposes -- had just put me in my place .
tr	PRES	" Did you squash him , too ? "
tr	PRES	The team sees the pillow at Dave 's feet and starts laughing .
tr	PAST	Malik plopped onto the bed beside me and laughed .
tr	PAST	Frank 's face smashed against the metal frame , splitting his upper lip , giving him a scar which he carried to this very day .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " she lied .
tr	PRES	My legs fold in as I lean forward .
tr	PAST	I tip toe into the bedroom and shut the door quietly .
tr	PRES	Nobody holds my trust , now . "
tr	PAST	Kylie motioned for Della to start walking .
tr	PRES	" Yes , Popeye likes it . "
tr	PAST	Selma retreated to Simon 's room to rest , not that Fin thought she could with Liz shouting as she was .
tr	PRES	" When hell freezes over . "
tr	PAST	' I 'll have to think about it , ' she lied , wanting to keep up an air of mystique .
tr	PAST	Ava quickly dismissed the idea of bringing him up to Julia .
tr	PAST	She tipped her face up to look at him .
tr	PRES	" They 're staring at you , " Tyler whispers , holding my hand .
tr	PAST	The army hungrily eyed them knowing for sure there was a water source within .
tr	PRES	" I assume that Maestro Hauptmann has programmed some of his brother 's compositions with the Philadelphia Philharmonic ? "
tr	PAST	Deena shrieked , " Hello , Roe ! "
tr	PRES	Like foxes , not like bears .
tr	PAST	One man sought power and dominance , and the other sought total freedom .
tr	PRES	At that point , Isabelle hears horses approaching their cottage .
tr	PAST	Errol dreaded Thursday afternoons because it meant endless cleaning of window sills .
tr	PRES	Logan pops the top while we walk back to the dorm and starts eating .
tr	PRES	' Not so bad , Love , and yourself ? '
tr	PAST	Renna 's fingers itched to grab the gun from her belt .
tr	PRES	After several moments , he opens his eyes , but struggles to stay calm enough to respond .
tr	PAST	George sensed the undercurrents of hostility from Thomas , and he decided to remain silent .
tr	PAST	" It 's alright , " Zelda comforts , sitting next to him and attempting to calm him down .
tr	PRES	" Clean off the leg of your pants , there , too , Annie , please .
tr	PRES	The ethereal orbs impact nothing but each other at the center of the trap as Garo briefly enters the shadows to emerge behind his opponent .
tr	PRES	" I guess , " Caleb mumbled .
tr	PRES	Turns out the new world where fuck was no longer a dirty word really tired her out .
tr	PAST	" Eek , " I screeched .
tr	PRES	Never again , I vow . "
tr	PAST	His kind face brightened when he recognized her .
tr	PRES	" I pledge you my sword .
tr	PRES	When the Maid was refreshed , the spirit fashioned her a shimmering gown made of swirling blue water .
tr	PAST	Sara emerged from the bedroom a couple of hours later , as the beach was finally coming into view beneath the blanket of fog .
tr	PAST	In his quest to solve some of the world 's medical mysteries , Timothy sought to remain under the radar .
tr	PAST	Auron stomped , digging his boots in the ground and took a fighting stance .
tr	PRES	Since when have you ever been incompetent ?
tr	PRES	If I may , though , Madam . "
tr	PRES	" Back up the image Niles . "
tr	PRES	I canna recall her looks clearly . "
tr	PRES	" Justice , " he breathes , slashing his sword diagonally in an imperceptible swing .
tr	PRES	His serious face brings the rest of us back to the matter at hand .
tr	PRES	He just loves all your writings , and I seen him reading through them over and over every night .
tr	PAST	Everything shrank and became cylindrical .
tr	PAST	Jack charged down the hall , leaving me gasping for air .
tr	PRES	" My apologies for not meeting with you more ... personally . "
tr	PAST	Don 't forget to put your flight information on our answering machine so I have it , " Madeline instructed .
tr	PRES	Then she marches across the club and straight to the door .
tr	PRES	My mind snaps back to the present .
tr	PRES	He opens the door nearest to me and drapes a blanket over my legs .
tr	PAST	Wings flapped in her abdomen as her gaze searched the dark lobby behind him .
tr	PAST	Reaching his desk , he collected his backpack and saw that his notebook was still open .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok to do more skiing today ?
tr	PAST	She identified him as the one that had rescued her .
tr	PRES	Corr slams the wall of his stall with his hooves .
tr	PAST	She eyed Arron from head to foot .
tr	PRES	Mary glances at Hugh 's face and smiles up at him .
tr	PRES	" Just tell me what you are , " I begged .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand , but I slam back against the car door .
tr	PAST	Someone grunted under a mattress .
tr	PAST	She twirled over to the tiny window and pulled back the dingy curtain to let in some light .
tr	PRES	Maryellen cocked her head in surprise , " Really ?
tr	PRES	" It talks ? "
tr	PRES	He carries the dead preacher down the path , paying no mind to the rain or the blood that drenches his cloak .
tr	PRES	She mumbled some excuse and hung up on her best friend .
tr	PRES	And hoped that the stuff didn 't make me nauseous .
tr	PRES	A light drizzle only at first , but soon they were all wet through .
tr	PAST	Eyes never ceasing their constant scan of the cave entrance , his words rumbled through his chest and into me .
tr	PAST	She chased that thought away .
tr	PRES	Only learns enough to be superficially competent . "
tr	PAST	He nearly destroyed all his work before a student stopped him .
tr	PAST	" Your ex-boyfriend ? "
tr	PAST	Part of her trusted the world far less because of that .
tr	PRES	" And very secretive .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	I froze when I heard a voice drifting over from Bill 's house .
tr	PRES	" Is this - " Before he can finish his sentence , I lean my face down and kiss him .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER ONE There 's a bloody unwelcome sight .
tr	PAST	The best high-school defender I have ever seen .
tr	PAST	Slowly , pickers trudged toward the bus .
tr	PAST	Cassy cringed after sipping her coffee .
tr	PAST	She twirled the straw in her soda without meeting Izzy 's gaze directly , glancing out of the corner of her eye .
tr	PAST	He motioned for her to go out and stay in the bushes close by .
tr	PAST	I designed pills for them to do exactly that .
tr	PRES	She eyed his hands as he held them , fingertips touching , in a tepee shape .
tr	PRES	He sees me and his face goes slack .
tr	PRES	" It 's not fair , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	He uses one hand to push my bed frame back to my side of the space .
tr	PAST	I eyed it skeptically .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	He presses , leaning into his desk .
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me how to use my powers like that ? "
tr	PAST	But before I could taste her she had bounced up on her tip toes and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek .
tr	PAST	Guilt washed over him .
tr	PAST	Tom slapped his forehead .
tr	PRES	There were so many of them , blinking away silently , capturing my every move .
tr	PRES	A car like that invites vandalism .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , she yawned .
tr	PRES	When Jude smiled everything good and kind and just shone through his eyes .
tr	PAST	Leon attempted to turn , but in his panic , he tripped .
tr	PAST	Norval clutched the haft of the knife in his gut with both hands .
tr	PRES	Mariam reaches inside , and tugs on another cord .
tr	PRES	I stop in front of her in the middle of the muddy grass and her eyelids lift open , her lashes fluttering against the raindrops .
tr	PRES	He throws the broken halves of the little tree over the side , and I watch as they are swallowed by the darkness .
tr	PRES	Calvert opens the door for him , letting in a shaft of brilliantly red afternoon light .
tr	PAST	Kate haughtily sniffed , probably figuring Hanna didn 't know who Ophelia was .
tr	PAST	Bending down I seized hold of the mess before me .
tr	PRES	The clothing on the doll matches the description .
tr	PRES	I - " " Really ? "
tr	PRES	Kim and Shelton no longer exist since they excised the microchip IDs from the tops of their right hands .
tr	PAST	" Ah , very feisty again today I see .
tr	PRES	Half way , he slows down , and looks from me to Daniel and back .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	The General taps a button on the side of his helmet and the faceplate folds away revealing an angry face covered in sweat .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up innocently .
tr	PAST	He sought the peak like a man possessed .
tr	PRES	The marsh water ripples dark under the green slime that floats across the surface .
tr	PRES	" The Purists belong to the Temple of the Sun .
tr	PRES	My mother 's lungs blow out the words at Mach five , and within ten seconds a thunderclap of footsteps rumble down the stairs .
tr	PAST	The two men split up and started following the walls , searching for any clues .
tr	PRES	Zach , for the first time since my first visit , stands up to greet me as I enter and my decision changes .
tr	PAST	" I plead the fifth , " I mumbled , still hiding under my pillow protection .
tr	PAST	" I also forgot how delusional you could be , " I hollered over my shoulder as I turned to walk down the hall .
tr	PRES	As it did with Lieutenant Jack Strong as he began sprinting as though his life depended on it .
tr	PRES	It allows them to relax and let down their guards . "
tr	PRES	" How about your sisters ? "
tr	PRES	" Nolan , " she hisses as I rip her shirt off over her head .
tr	PRES	Filthy blood drinkers . "
tr	PRES	And now the moon , full or not , causes your nocturnal affliction or your bizarre dreams .
tr	PRES	" Lady , " Mortimer grated through clenched teeth , " you belong in Hell . "
tr	PAST	My thrusting slowed as I collapsed on top of her , my weight pushing her body further into the couch .
tr	PAST	She shrieked as he wrenched the dagger from her hand .
tr	PRES	And then I gulp in a huge mouthful of air .
tr	PRES	Kelly stood on the porch to her house , a hand resting in the middle of Ryan 's chest .
tr	PAST	Chase ambled forward , forcing her to retreat until the backs of her legs pressed against the computer chair .
tr	PAST	Mark clasped both hands in front of him , and an awkward tension settled between us .
tr	PRES	A cruel , callous cow ... and I adore you like the suns . "
tr	PAST	They invested all the money into these ships , but when a business , " he paused and Tammy watched as he gave an amused smile .
tr	PAST	The police described the body as having been severely cut and covered in welts and bruises .
tr	PAST	A coal fire glowed through the grate , casting crimson light over his thin features .
tr	PAST	When the curtains pulled aside , Rema froze .
tr	PRES	He pushes , grinds , until I 'm weak and shivering when he arches into me the last time , his teeth sinking into my shoulder .
tr	PAST	The younger brother measured himself against the older , found himself to be taller , and grinned with delight .
tr	PAST	Michael nuzzled her neck and then whispered low in her ear .
tr	PAST	About ten years ago , the wreck of an old freighter washed ashore in Orleans .
tr	PAST	Strolling over to her , he extended a hand .
tr	PRES	" He likes me . "
tr	PAST	He mumbled something around the duct tape , and that was that .
tr	PAST	" They aren 't following us , " she announced .
tr	PRES	" Back it up , Pamela .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat to her and my mother who approached us .
tr	PRES	His left leg had taken two bullets , but both had gone straight through , one just barely grazing the tibia .
tr	PRES	She sees that it is the same knife , her own knife , which she used to stab him with last winter .
tr	PRES	Which brings me around again to my knowledge of mating habits .
tr	PAST	Makes you keel over after about twenty years or so ? "
tr	PRES	" No human being should be entitled to another person , " I snap .
tr	PRES	" Did he physically abuse you ? "
tr	PRES	" Uh , thanks , Tori . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't be stupid , " I mutter unconvincingly .
tr	PRES	" That explains everything .
tr	PAST	A great rumbling arose , and townsfolk poured out from their homes , lining the streets .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Ethan squinted , looked closer as he closed in on a glistening pendulum swinging on a door at the end of the hall .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand to shake hers .
tr	PAST	Gentle brush strokes produced a portrait of a girl of maybe seventeen or eighteen years of age .
tr	PAST	Ty exhaled another long stream of smoke and shook his head again .
tr	PRES	" Yep , so make one mistake and I 'll knock you out , " he teased me .
tr	PRES	She opens the door and faces me as she backs out of the house , slowly pulling the door shut .
tr	PRES	He stares at the ground , a thin trail of water trickling off his forehead .
tr	PAST	Ken prowled the area , quartering every inch repeatedly .
tr	PAST	They committed their own suicides , but they didn 't go down without successfully taking out the Stinger aircraft to go with .
tr	PAST	* Chapter 5 The caravan slowly chugged along the reasonably straight but painfully uneven road , puffing out the odd , irritable belch of steam or smoke .
tr	PRES	" Agreed , lets get dressed , Chloë .
tr	PAST	I stuffed my old wallet , a clean T-shirt , and sweatpants into my backpack , and then threw my toothbrush on top .
tr	PRES	So , I saved his fanny to look at your fanny in that bikini , " he chuckles .
tr	PRES	Light shone out between the shutters on the windows .
tr	PRES	Lucy hisses while she waits for Steve to pick up .
tr	PRES	The squirrel parachute opens , whipping me side to side , through the air from a 500 feet cliff edge , going down to the ground .
tr	PAST	She squealed with delight .
tr	PAST	She pinched my cheek and winked one more time .
tr	PAST	Sean squinted at the rusty inscriptions .
tr	PRES	Ivy 's voice pricks my bubble of torment and sends it skittering away on the sound wave .
tr	PAST	Hébert slapped him anyway .
tr	PAST	She eyed the sleeping dog in the corner again .
tr	PRES	She flicks a page .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around my waist and pulls me against him .
tr	PAST	She stifled a scream and froze .
tr	PAST	Vin crouched on the sill .
tr	PAST	Nick stifled another sigh .
tr	PRES	" One of these days I 'm going to make you fuck my face . "
tr	PRES	" Three factions ? "
tr	PRES	But it explains why you work at a marionette theater . "
tr	PAST	The Idaho governor referred to his stint in the Navy aboard the Aegis cruiser U.S.S. Virginia .
tr	PRES	" If a Class one undead touches you , " James said defeated , " It gains your memories .
tr	PAST	She stiffened , but Blake didn 't let her go .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight I was unloading a box of new paperback releases on Monday morning when Susie arrived .
tr	PRES	Then after a few moments of calmness she begins to cry once more .
tr	PRES	And then she loses it .
tr	PRES	Although Lilliputian fits her well .
tr	PRES	Air fills them completely , filling them so full that I don 't want to exhale .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me , regardless of whether or not you apologize for it afterwards . "
tr	PRES	Fear holding her in place , Odette stands while I saw at her pants until they are short enough that she will not trip on them .
tr	PAST	Wearing only his boxer shorts , he squished and slipped through the mud to the lake .
tr	PRES	The Nothingness begins to pulse and grow .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward the only other chair in the room , as if he needed guidance .
tr	PAST	He urged the people to go to confession once a week .
tr	PRES	I detest the fact that the prince , along with everyone else , has abandoned him . "
tr	PRES	The service fills a need .
tr	PAST	" Just do it , " he grunted from the outside of the door .
tr	PAST	A flicker of fear replaced the anger in Paris 's eyes .
tr	PRES	" Aw , give her a break , " Noah 's voice snaps from behind .
tr	PRES	She whispers something to Skyla before they head out .
tr	PAST	I slowed our group down , taking slow and careful steps that didn 't draw too much attention to us .
tr	PAST	I sniffed , and then wiped my eyes with my sleeve .
tr	PAST	There must be something that is moving out there , " the president persisted , getting angry .
tr	PRES	The War Chief wishes me to speak to you . "
tr	PRES	And then the old brass lamp that shines over my book pages cuts out , along with the one other light I have on in my apartment .
tr	PAST	Fire exploded down the tunnel , writhing and twisting in a maelstrom of heat and fury , shooting toward us .
tr	PRES	" She deserves me . "
tr	PAST	It dimmed some of the heat surrounding him -- " " Yes , " Renata agreed .
tr	PRES	That fateful day a year and a half ago .
tr	PAST	The girl cocked her head .
tr	PRES	He loves me too much . "
tr	PAST	" I just swiped them from the front office .
tr	PAST	I weaved my way through the thick crowd , drinks in hand , back to our table in the VIP area of the club .
tr	PAST	As the villagers noticed their leader on his feet , they quieted down and waited with anticipation .
tr	PRES	" Then stay blind , you idiot child !
tr	PRES	The automobile , despite everything , speeds up to a frightening speed and the streets pass in a whirlwind of colours .
tr	PRES	" Beer , tea , lemonade ? "
tr	PRES	She arched against him , her body immediately accommodating his size .
tr	PAST	Then he slowed and this time pressed forward further than ever before .
tr	PAST	A needle jabbed into his throat .
tr	PRES	It passes , ' Faith was saying in an exhausted voice , her pale face even paler than usual .
tr	PAST	Cassie giggled when Heath started to tickle her .
tr	PRES	" Now you repay him by allowing him to send some of his students into Madison Commercial every year . "
tr	PAST	" And I , you , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	Even with me and Van gone , Mom loves music .
tr	PRES	After my own moment of confusion , I conclude I do not have to shoot him .
tr	PAST	" Because if it was , we should close the curtains , " persisted Holly .
tr	PRES	Fiona begins scraping what 's left of her mix onto a baking sheet .
tr	PRES	She senses the chink in my armor .
tr	PRES	" Every time I try to mention it , he changes the subject . "
tr	PRES	" Because she just wants to be loved , idiot .
tr	PAST	Apparently , Callum had sensed him too !
tr	PAST	She scrolled through her messages till she found his number under a message sent by Carlson .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the light switch which illuminated the porch and she shot back the brass night bolt on the old oak door .
tr	PRES	Rising , he holds out his hand to me .
tr	PRES	His chest thumps with the idea of a laugh .
tr	PRES	She breathes heavy enough that it fogs the window in front of her face . '
tr	PRES	Minions who can do my running for me and can knock enemy bots out of the sky .
tr	PAST	They both eyed each other , refusing to back down : Trevor with a cocky expression and Marcus with an amused grin .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Carmichael ? "
tr	PAST	Her whole body buzzed with excitement at the thought of connecting with him .
tr	PRES	She passes us back our essays .
tr	PRES	The last rays of sunset shone sharp reds and rich purples on the horizon .
tr	PRES	Picture their little line of birch bark canoes hugging the south shore of this great inland sea .
tr	PAST	My face immediately brightened .
tr	PRES	A hush falls over the room .
tr	PAST	He pitched the computer disk Samantha had passed along onto the computer console .
tr	PRES	She whispers softly , looking all around the room , blinking rapidly again .
tr	PAST	She skipped aside , taking a cup of ale from one of the common tables .
tr	PRES	Almost before I feel it , she draws back .
tr	PAST	Increasing the pressure ever so precisely , his fingers circled , plucked , teased .
tr	PRES	the drunk slurred loudly and lurched toward her , leaning into her face , his fetid breath hitting her like a slap .
tr	PRES	" Good morale . "
tr	PAST	You 're damn right you can , " exclaimed Pat .
tr	PRES	" His assistant ? "
tr	PRES	I pump the handle and water rushes out of a large holding tank , and I rinse everyone off except Hanif .
tr	PAST	He squinted his eyes and shielded them with his hand as he looked up at the silhouette eclipsing the sun .
tr	PAST	He tugged on his hair and shook his head .
tr	PRES	Her hands wiggle between our bodies and she flattens her hands on my chest .
tr	PRES	" No , we 're not , " I protest .
tr	PRES	His other hand reaches to take my scarred wrist , and he brings it to his mouth , kissing the mark there .
tr	PAST	Sunny eyed his half-eaten candy bar with obvious disapproval as she finished off a bag of granola , her eyes darting intensely .
tr	PRES	She refuses to tell me a lot of things .
tr	PRES	" Ok , um ... " I took only 5 seconds to think , " I give up .
tr	PAST	Michael stole a glance at his friend .
tr	PRES	Jack slides off the dance floor back to Tim .
tr	PAST	He popped the tab on one , and offered the other to me as he sipped , one hip cocked against the cabinets .
tr	PAST	Before I could answer him , bullets zipped in our direction .
tr	PAST	Kay 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	She glances up and nods , then goes back to setting knives around the plates .
tr	PAST	Something about the red notebook 's origins still bothered me , though .
tr	PAST	Budda sped up to fifteen mph .
tr	PAST	They hauled him aboard and brought him back to safety .
tr	PAST	It sensed that Vaughn was near , and I could only imagine what he was doing .
tr	PAST	It matched the color of a stripe around the middle of the walls .
tr	PAST	Tara gritted her teeth and yelled , " You kissed her !
tr	PRES	A soft female voice whispers in pleasure at seeing me shiver .
tr	PAST	" You baited me ! "
tr	PRES	" That Zoe girl , she really loves horses .
tr	PAST	Rushing over , King Arthur again flung the bundle into the stone .
tr	PAST	He once again holstered his weapon .
tr	PAST	On December 25 , 2160 , the United States of America formally announced its intention to re-establish the democratic republic .
tr	PAST	" A letter , sir , " Hawkins announced , stepping forward and presenting the missive to Daniel on a silver tray .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " she whispers against my lips , shutting her eyes , our bodies moving rhythmically .
tr	PAST	When he collected money on a bet , after breaking up with her in a crowded restaurant ?
tr	PRES	My eye falls on St. Joseph 's Church like a prayer .
tr	PRES	" I was missing you , Leigh .
tr	PRES	Lexus wishes to see you . "
tr	PRES	" Can you wiggle your toes and fingers okay ? "
tr	PRES	" Boy 412 , , " mumbled the sentry .
tr	PAST	In an instant , Zack transformed himself into a wolf and growled in the dog 's face .
tr	PRES	" Last night changes everything . "
tr	PAST	Jeff and the Captain thanked her and she quickly departed .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , but I wouldn 't wan na meet her , or him , in a dark alley . "
tr	PRES	" A magic mirror , " I teased before explaining to him the best way I could what exactly a television set was .
tr	PRES	About ... I 'm scared , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	After the synagogue , Danny sees things differently .
tr	PAST	He zipped around trees , to come up behind the soldier .
tr	PRES	The short Teen stands over the Male , smiling .
tr	PRES	I bark out a laugh before I can stop myself .
tr	PAST	Oblivious of the younger man watching her up the street she jabbed the key into the car 's lock , before straightening her dress and hair .
tr	PRES	As she stood at the kitchen counter , Cole appraised her profile .
tr	PAST	He always dreamed he would die in the attempt , gallantly losing his life as he returned with the Watchers ' message .
tr	PRES	And those damn dimples .
tr	PAST	" And I want you , " she dared to whisper .
tr	PRES	Satisfied , Beth bid JD goodnight and curled up under the covers , and considered her circumstances .
tr	PRES	She grasped her head , her ears ringing .
tr	PRES	More of the tears swim up to my eyelids , gasping for oxygen .
tr	PAST	He freed their minds and Isobel clenched her teeth but nodded .
tr	PAST	She dove for the gun in my hand again , growling as her fingernails dug into my arm .
tr	PRES	" Stay back , " I hiss to Trick and Dham .
tr	PRES	" But pandering to the paparazzi plays an important role in your PR . "
tr	PAST	She squinted up at him .
tr	PRES	" For one person , " Mark teased .
tr	PRES	A shaft of light highlights the side of his neck , the part where a spiderweb of scars reaches behind his left ear .
tr	PAST	She leaped up and snatched it from the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	Goldfish glided through the cool darkness under her fingers and she envied them their environment .
tr	PRES	" My mother collects men who believe she 's fragile .
tr	PRES	" Calliope uses the same kind , " he explains .
tr	PAST	He hopped out of the truck and said , " Let me help you with those bags .
tr	PAST	He chased after me , trying to get the camera back .
tr	PAST	I clutched at her white coat .
tr	PRES	He lays the seat back a few inches and sighs , but says nothing .
tr	PAST	As she reached Wall 's warehouse , her implant beeped with an incoming transmission .
tr	PAST	The Big Man grunted .
tr	PAST	Deep claw marks scored the wood .
tr	PAST	Abigail extended her hand in greeting .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth ; his face turns red and I quickly realise he 's now holding his breath .
tr	PAST	Two women in matching red dresses practically skipped up to the building .
tr	PRES	But if he was born on this world , no record exits of him . "
tr	PAST	She giggled , and then turned solemn .
tr	PAST	Suzy readied her twitches .
tr	PRES	Frank chuckles , a nice , easy laugh .
tr	PAST	I gulp , feeling sick to my stomach .
tr	PAST	Whatever restraint she held onto before breaks down and a torrent of tears releases .
tr	PAST	Chris inquired like he always did when one of these premonitions seized hold of her in his presence .
tr	PRES	" Even for one who has been trained to detect them .
tr	PAST	His strong arms wrap around me , pulling me closer to him .
tr	PAST	But they never slowed down .
tr	PRES	For a moment , outlined on a wave crest , her wet body shone silver against the dark , limbs shining ghostly .
tr	PRES	' Because I still fancy you , you silly cow .
tr	PAST	A shriek floated over the field , jarring the headache that had recently taken hold of her skull .
tr	PRES	" What about her other senses ? "
tr	PRES	" Natalie , Natalie , Natalie . "
tr	PRES	The architect asked , doubtfully , " Will you need me at the meeting ? "
tr	PRES	Leigh tries to eat a stone .
tr	PRES	He immediately releases the headboard .
tr	PAST	The sensation unsettled her and the hairs on Serenity 's arms and the back of her neck stood to attention .
tr	PAST	David yawned and stretched , instantly feeling every rock and stick that had dug into his back and hips while he 'd slept .
tr	PRES	" At eight , be ready ... don 't keep me waiting , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , wondering how to stop her .
tr	PAST	Presumably it served some purpose .
tr	PAST	Izzy cringed , unable to imagine spending her life guarding a seasoning for meat .
tr	PAST	The dust like particles swirled and churned again .
tr	PAST	" That 's not true , " Colette countered .
tr	PAST	She clutched her head , babbling in her fey tongue .
tr	PRES	Grandmother touches his head .
tr	PAST	Once I was sure that I wouldn 't be sent to jail , I formally resigned my commission .
tr	PRES	" In the closet . "
tr	PAST	The robber pierced the bread and lifted it .
tr	PAST	She tugged her hand free .
tr	PAST	The food was excellent , served by Orla , the attractive niece of the proprietor .
tr	PAST	Their eyes reflected the light .
tr	PAST	Ezio steadied himself and pressed the trigger .
tr	PRES	" Mia , " my mother sighs again .
tr	PRES	One empire falls , but a new one rises in its place .
tr	PRES	he snorts , " for some girls having a little fight ? "
tr	PAST	Mindy relayed the message that her car had been both released and repaired , and could be picked up at the Chevron station down the street .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth urged Mazie into a gallop .
tr	PRES	I shout , " You 'd better not mess up my concentration or I ' l bust your kneecaps , perv ! "
tr	PRES	Nikolas was not the type to let such " guess what " games conclude with brevity .
tr	PAST	" I entertained myself with the ladies of the castle and went into town to see what amusements it offered . "
tr	PRES	Jean looks back at his brothers as they all suddenly realize that everyone is crying , French soldiers completely overcome with grief .
tr	PRES	" Truly , I 'll be fine , Ashton .
tr	PRES	" Very fortunate . "
tr	PAST	As they neared her car , she teased , " Is someone feeling threatened ?
tr	PRES	When I stop , the light stops .
tr	PAST	The sensations as he caressed her mouth overwhelmed her and she swallowed a moan .
tr	PAST	When she started to protest , he gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	She hugs me again .
tr	PAST	The dead Squirrel 's tail whipped the man 's face and its body bounced once and settled on the concrete in front of his open mouth .
tr	PRES	It tingles every once in a while .
tr	PRES	I gave him a black eye because he had sex with Megan , " Braden explains .
tr	PAST	Two seconds later she shrieked again .
tr	PRES	Realizing that he 's hurting me , he releases his grip .
tr	PRES	I steal a glance at Elder and notice his frown .
tr	PRES	" The press hates me .
tr	PAST	She taped a note to the door in bright pink paper that said , " Don 't be mad at me .
tr	PAST	Her jaw tensed and she jerked her head so her hair shook about her shoulders .
tr	PRES	" And in the meantime ? "
tr	PAST	" As good as can be expected , I guess , " Kylie lied .
tr	PRES	Every morning when I went to the pool for my swim she was there .
tr	PRES	" The spider ? "
tr	PRES	He flips on the light .
tr	PAST	She bounced on him , harder , harder .
tr	PRES	" A thousand bucks . "
tr	PAST	Once inside the canyon , they slowed to a trot , letting the steer box himself in at the end of it .
tr	PRES	My face remains flushed throughout the whole period .
tr	PRES	But part of me holds firm .
tr	PAST	The Buddha denied that the aggregates individually or in combination may be considered a permanent , independently existing self or soul ( atman ) .
tr	PRES	Coach talks about our goal of winning a state championship .
tr	PAST	The panel truck bounced and over the rough ground making it difficult to look for the flags .
tr	PAST	Her finger practically pierced the clipboard in front of her as she pointed to something .
tr	PAST	" Maybe , " Graham rumbled .
tr	PAST	I replayed the visit with my mother this morning over and over in my head .
tr	PRES	Could feel violence crackle around him like electricity .
tr	PAST	She uttered an anguished cry and then toppled onto her side .
tr	PRES	She digs into me with a satisfied smile .
tr	PAST	" Tell me , tell me , " Adeline begged , tossing herself on her sister 's lap .
tr	PAST	Brant acted like he hadn 't heard the old woman .
tr	PRES	" You wax eloquent , Coren , but talk doesn 't fill an empty stomach .
tr	PAST	" I was hatched from a pod , " she joked .
tr	PAST	He wriggled off the chair and began pacing .
tr	PRES	Finding one , she lets her eyes rest there .
tr	PAST	Jordan extracted a sheet of paper from his back pocket and stared at it .
tr	PRES	" A person with enough royal blood to imitate one of the princesses . "
tr	PRES	DeeDee pushes right through the others to greet me .
tr	PRES	Not that it mattered , because Tara didn 't taste a thing .
tr	PAST	A hoarse male voice pierced the breaking dawn .
tr	PAST	" And Romas , " Logan exclaimed seeing the second man and hugging him as well .
tr	PRES	The shadows slipped away from his face and Ben smiled , his teeth gleaming in the dark .
tr	PAST	I stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	Behind them , the thing shrieked .
tr	PAST	" There was nothing on the security footage either , " the detective countered .
tr	PAST	" Aye , that 's why I sail there , but it 's no that far , only about a day 's sail , " he countered .
tr	PRES	I strengthen our invisibility .
tr	PRES	Like I no longer exist in this world flowing around me .
tr	PRES	The knife strokes sparkle in the night sky , illuminating the symbols in the circle of protection .
tr	PAST	But some , surely , leaped on their own .
tr	PAST	When her mother hung up , Grace dialed Madeline 's number .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , I don 't know why I did that , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	" Not always , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" You kil things al day . "
tr	PAST	Ah , so much more complicated .
tr	PAST	The outfit highlighted the colour I 'd picked up the past two days on the beach .
tr	PRES	" Because I love you , silly .
tr	PAST	She awoke covered in sweat beneath a rough blanket .
tr	PRES	" A temperamental one too . "
tr	PAST	Hart thanked her and drank deeply .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head toward Jenny .
tr	PRES	" Our new smith .
tr	PAST	A swarm of fireflies floated like animated stardust over the ingress of hanging vines .
tr	PRES	Sighing , I lean my head back against the seat as Gabe drives us in silence .
tr	PAST	Having made it to my car , he threateningly slapped a furious hand on the window of my vehicle .
tr	PAST	Yes , the man named Small had specifically asked about Claire Clement .
tr	PRES	Half of our land belongs to the desert , and our cities expand with each day .
tr	PAST	His mom scrawled on a piece of paper under it : It 's a boy !
tr	PRES	Her mom likes to lose it over a lot of things .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , " Kira grunted , the rope shaking under my weight .
tr	PRES	And Randall loves Harrison .
tr	PRES	" Get to the Messenger , " Dante hisses at me .
tr	PAST	The girl flattened her body against Shimmer as the horse increased speed .
tr	PRES	" What a mess , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	And , as you suspected , motion alarms in the main lounge and the hallway . '
tr	PRES	Ethan states cautiously , sounding less angry , and I feel him shift closer to me on the bed .
tr	PAST	When she walked over to Pesaro , her hand strayed down his dark head and over his bowed shoulders .
tr	PAST	Without giving him time for a comeback , she jabbed her thumb upward .
tr	PRES	" My little girl , Elizabeth , just loves him .
tr	PAST	" Aim for that tree over there and - " A loud crack split the air as Mary pulled the trigger .
tr	PAST	Before another thought can cross my mind , his hand lands between my legs again and I yelp .
tr	PAST	I described my clothes and she said no to everything until my entire closet was on the floor .
tr	PRES	Her words echo in my head .
tr	PRES	He remembers nothing of the mission .
tr	PAST	His hand fisted in her hair .
tr	PRES	And then total personal annihilation .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches to the floorboard , exploring , and the world halts .
tr	PRES	" I think what you 're going to do this weekend is a great idea , " he whispers to me .
tr	PRES	" What a prick .
tr	PRES	" Or my personal favorite , purple . "
tr	PRES	Let 's zap ourselves there and get it . "
tr	PAST	But you predicted it .
tr	PAST	Nick underestimated Conte if he believed a conversation would soften him .
tr	PRES	He passes the bottle to Sam , who takes a swig .
tr	PRES	He likes to learn , and he likes to use his skills . "
tr	PAST	He stole back the wallet , but I 'd already plucked the folded paper out of the container .
tr	PRES	That 's crazy , " she allows .
tr	PAST	" Back at the start , she also advertised briefly online .
tr	PRES	He always suspects them of being rogues in some way .
tr	PAST	Rabbit emerged from the pile with a victorious whoop .
tr	PAST	Finding her plate empty , Cole served up another helping of pasta for Savannah before urging her to continue .
tr	PAST	Demons stormed into the room I 'd just been in , barking orders in a frenzy of guttural voices .
tr	PRES	" Tell me to stop , " he mumbled against her skin .
tr	PAST	He pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	" Oh , maybe I should be talking to her then , " he joked .
tr	PAST	Billy flopped on the turf , almost completely dismembered , most of him now rendered into a heap of inanimate junk while the scorpion remained largely intact .
tr	PRES	" To our fallen captain .
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore a confusion of emotions dominated by fear and shame .
tr	PRES	Something heavy falls onto my shoulders .
tr	PRES	" Okay , not to steal your line or anything , but I don 't even know how to respond to that . "
tr	PRES	I wipe away messy mascara with the back of my hand as I navigate the little car past the first curve .
tr	PRES	she said , her voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	Her sweatshirt was old , her jeans baggy .
tr	PAST	My pinched face and red eyes reflected from my vanity 's mirror .
tr	PAST	He willed her to say no .
tr	PAST	I eyed the hole doubtfully .
tr	PAST	The door to the tower roof shattered , and a column of armoured figures came marching through .
tr	PAST	A block farther north I thought I found a couple prospects .
tr	PAST	" Viva Las Vegas , " I mumbled , and then I looked over at Adam , and saw he was still staring at me , transfixed .
tr	PRES	He loves video games .
tr	PRES	The position pays nothing other than the respect he gains from the locals .
tr	PRES	I provide him with all kinds of stimuli , both mental and physical .
tr	PRES	No one just passes through a power plant to get somewhere else . "
tr	PRES	I lean back to look at him .
tr	PRES	Nathan bursts into the room .
tr	PRES	Then Agent Sterling lets him know that we went digging on our own - " " Which you let slip , " Lia interjected .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked up to the window and widened in fright , his mouth falling open .
tr	PRES	" If you stare at his head long enough , it might sprout wings and take flight , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	She loves adventure ! "
tr	PRES	He holds it out of the car door for me to see .
tr	PRES	He points to a spot at the top right corner near his hairline .
tr	PAST	" Bit of a daredevil stunt , don 't you think ? "
tr	PAST	Said Clarence and the smile froze on the servant 's face .
tr	PRES	" No worries , Garrett , " she told him , keeping her voice light in spite of the knot of pain clogging her throat .
tr	PAST	As he pulled away a black helicopter swooped in and landed near the building .
tr	PRES	He pushes at the soft skin , licking me until I want to scream .
tr	PAST	The two men , still yelling , hauled her up again .
tr	PRES	Some sidewalk café in Manhattan .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Wren scoffed at him .
tr	PAST	The family thanked Mountain Song , and Alma left a doll she knitted for the children .
tr	PAST	Her mouth hinged impossibly wide with her keening shriek .
tr	PRES	" Ooooh , we need T - shirts saying that . "
tr	PRES	" Well , fuck me . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't like this , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	" It 's a guy thing , " Jo announced knowledgeably .
tr	PAST	" Good point , " the Judge stated .
tr	PAST	Pressing my forehead against the glass , I squinted into the darkness , desperately seeking him .
tr	PRES	Not a guilty conscience amongst you .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	He glances at it and watches as a costumed Red Jester steps out of the elevator and walks towards him .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply against his heated skin when he bared her neck to graze his teeth across her skin .
tr	PRES	Then I sees these two big guys in the corner of the room .
tr	PAST	Then he crouched and traced a trail of kisses from her nipple to her thighs .
tr	PRES	She sells cotton threads of many colors .
tr	PAST	Dean knelt on the floor , hands clasped .
tr	PAST	" Okay once , I messed up once . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , " she lies , not wanting to discuss the murders she witnessed .
tr	PAST	Of course , the fact that he looked like one of the really hot guys from a CW show sobered her a bit .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth as he struck the wall with a thud , his left knee bearing the brunt of the impact .
tr	PAST	" The alarm company phoned in a breach . "
tr	PAST	She motioned them on inside and turned to her friend .
tr	PAST	Matt 's father acted excited over a new hand drill .
tr	PRES	Human with a serious case of shredded larynx , trailing blood for about two blocks and left for dead in a public area .
tr	PAST	exclaimed the Sultan , " Only stallion 's specially trained by my horsemen know to breed when given hashish !
tr	PRES	" All going to charity , Naomi . "
tr	PRES	" Control Room Six ... No , their extension is 416 . "
tr	PRES	He sees me coming and raises his arm , knocking me to the ground .
tr	PRES	She digs her fingers into my chest .
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto the bed on my stomach and I felt Jackson slip out of me and fall next to me .
tr	PRES	" That creature ruined my family . "
tr	PRES	My head falls back and my eyes open to the stars shining in the sky .
tr	PRES	Every time the child passes a tracking point , it registers with a central website and parents can see in realtime where their child is going . "
tr	PRES	" Significant outbreaks of hemorrhagic viruses occur only in poor countries .
tr	PAST	Nolan tugged off the layers of clothes and blankets until he uncovered his father .
tr	PRES	Anthony desperately tries to hold on , but as I pry some fingers free , his now sweaty palm slips over my fingers and it is gone .
tr	PAST	She eyed my skinny jeans and grey sweater .
tr	PAST	The crowd murmured , the woman scribbled her notes .
tr	PAST	His mind now strayed , to carnal pleasures .
tr	PAST	Nix , noticing my reaction grunted a short puff of air in disapproval .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air , trying to discern where the scent was coming from .
tr	PAST	" Oh , come on , " he chided her playfully .
tr	PAST	I appealed to Dec for support , but he bolted to the kitchen to feed Domino .
tr	PAST	I pinched at the skin around my collar until my fingers found the chain .
tr	PAST	They weathered another hard winter -- relying largely on food and fellowship from Mike 's growing community -- and replanted their fields after all .
tr	PAST	Two voices floated over us , their direction hard to discern as they reverberated off metal sheds and containers outside .
tr	PAST	I calculated our success rate if we bolted to the door , and our chances , though daring , were not high at all .
tr	PAST	" I will , " she assured him , her words muffled .
tr	PRES	He begins to smile , and it adds fuel to my wrath .
tr	PRES	He is so brave , all must confess , This lightning rod of girls ' desire !
tr	PAST	I slapped him on the arm and realized how happy I was to have met him .
tr	PAST	He acted up for the camera .
tr	PAST	They split ten years ago .
tr	PRES	She points to my feet and I think she 's criticizing me for wearing socks without shoes .
tr	PAST	Her bright voice pierced through the overcharged air .
tr	PRES	' Antal Justus . '
tr	PRES	Simon sighs and slowly gets up .
tr	PAST	I inched inched inched away from him and died constantly against the wall .
tr	PRES	I close the door behind me and go to the corner of the room behind the way the door opens .
tr	PAST	Walters motioned for him to go ahead .
tr	PAST	Jane cocked her head at him quizzically as he relaxed and resumed the conversation .
tr	PAST	She feared seeing a second note from John Hawkes , but she had to check .
tr	PRES	Liam talks and talks and talks , and tells you nothing at all .
tr	PAST	Even as Mr. Marlin spoke , the battlefield wavered before my eyes .
tr	PRES	Rann chuckles along with me .
tr	PAST	He snaked one arm around her waist and pulled her with him across the room to an armchair , which had given him an interesting idea .
tr	PAST	Claude extended his hand , and Cliff disengaged from Tamsin to shake it .
tr	PRES	" Here , here , " the men shout as their right hand , in a fist , shoots for the sky .
tr	PRES	He always flashes a twisted smile and acts as if my eyes are further down than physically possible .
tr	PRES	The concern in her eyes changes to sadness , as if she feels my swirling confusion .
tr	PAST	I froze in disbelief , thinking of Kay 's friendly smile .
tr	PAST	What you see before you is the entity that replaced her .
tr	PAST	He dared anyone to challenge him .
tr	PRES	" Thanks darlin ' ! "
tr	PRES	Calmly , he pushes the buttons , again .
tr	PRES	But she slows a little and looks at me .
tr	PRES	He sighs and faces me .
tr	PAST	Black smoke spewed out as the fire sucked back .
tr	PRES	First , he wraps the tab with a shirt so it has a little cushion to it , then he wraps my arm .
tr	PAST	Every breath he took vibrated with rage .
tr	PAST	But the Hittites ruled a vast Empire a thousand years before Alexander the Great swept through Turkey , before Moses led the Jews from Israel .
tr	PAST	With a subtle mental command he diverted the power of some redundant circuits to activate the connected network of linear motors now mounted inside him .
tr	PRES	The turrets in the wall hiss and pop when the ball bearings reenter their barrels the wrong way .
tr	PRES	He likes to grumble , but it works out quite well . "
tr	PRES	My old friend returns in force , and my eyes water and itch .
tr	PAST	The sky glowed blue .
tr	PRES	" Can you sing too ? "
tr	PAST	The usher announced the visiting monarchs .
tr	PAST	He eyed me with what I perceived to be a speculative glare .
tr	PRES	He flashes a smile and swims away .
tr	PAST	Patrick cocked his head at the sound of a car in the driveway .
tr	PRES	She stands firm . "
tr	PRES	" Does this scare you ? "
tr	PRES	Concern flashes in his eyes when he sees Mel coming for him .
tr	PRES	He sighs , saying , " It 's no longer that simple , " as his demeanor changes .
tr	PAST	" The Prince underestimated me if he thought I could not disarm this clone in less than three minutes . "
tr	PAST	And when she 'd tried to remove it , he 'd panicked and struck her .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the scent of healing herbs .
tr	PAST	" She was killed , " he stated but I shook my head .
tr	PAST	" Wait -- " I sniffed the air .
tr	PRES	" That 's her dress I just altered , " Bridget mumbled .
tr	PRES	Jason wraps his arms around Aria and holds onto her for as long as he can .
tr	PRES	He dwelt on the nature of defeat .
tr	PAST	I stole her hair curler as well .
tr	PAST	" They 're dead , " Ivo sobbed .
tr	PAST	His blond hair shone in the bluish light , under a silk top hat .
tr	PAST	His tongue caressed her lips , and she opened her mouth .
tr	PRES	Jonathan removes the glass from my hands .
tr	PAST	My lips curved at the similarity in our thought processes .
tr	PRES	' But he always wears a big golden hat , with wings , and he has an apartment in the building . '
tr	PRES	Trick loses his footing and I grab him , yanking him back upright and shoving him through the hole .
tr	PRES	No wonder the girl had been putting Work Wanted flyers on windshields .
tr	PAST	" You wielded it because you were adopted into the Most High 's family .
tr	PAST	With great regret I dialed my father 's number , prepared for his wrath .
tr	PRES	And Samantha loves them .
tr	PRES	March lets them scream their fill , then holds up a hand for attention .
tr	PAST	Thorne 's expression crumpled slightly .
tr	PRES	Doctor Dresden sighs with annoyance .
tr	PRES	She just throws things against the door and screams .
tr	PAST	" Two days is too much , " Eddie reiterated .
tr	PRES	' Right you are , ' he mumbled and we were off , heading in a new bearing .
tr	PRES	" Are balloon animals cheerful ? "
tr	PAST	Most droned in unison , but a few lonely voices added harmony here and there about the room .
tr	PAST	They fanned out between the barricade and the airship , and fired at the cruiser .
tr	PAST	He extended his arm .
tr	PRES	I crave it every minute of every day when I see your beautiful face . "
tr	PAST	Without any hesitation , Christian plopped down on my bed like he belonged there .
tr	PAST	" Actually , I ditched the Ferro part .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and clung to his armrest , his knuckles white .
tr	PRES	" Bloody hell Becky . "
tr	PAST	At some point the need arose for some kind of leadership .
tr	PRES	' Is it deaf ? '
tr	PAST	" That shouldn 't have happened , " he announced in a hoarse whisper .
tr	PRES	" But no one loves me . "
tr	PAST	I fisted my hand over my heart .
tr	PRES	We feed on emotions .
tr	PAST	Thayer , hands in his pockets , lingered off to the side .
tr	PRES	He stands a little taller .
tr	PAST	Jake eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	With the Ironhide , he experienced the wild rush of the fall , and a tactile sensation of striking the patio , but no pain .
tr	PRES	" One big room with twelve cubicles , twelve busy desks and a thousand file cabinets .
tr	PAST	Instead of falling straight down , the sword tugged him forward in a long , sloping descent .
tr	PAST	Adrien battled to keep the sharp point from breaking skin .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over his face , and I slip the key into the purse at my waist and leave .
tr	PAST	But when Eric imagined himself latching the Collar around Iona 's beautiful neck , he balked .
tr	PAST	As if she 'd be likely to find out the truth in casual conversation , anyhow , she scoffed at herself inwardly .
tr	PRES	Virgil cackled , his faded eyes suddenly gleaming with enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	Her hand toyed with the hair at the nape of his neck while her tongue teased his .
tr	PAST	Howard , upon hearing this , exhaled as if the last vestiges of life within him escaped his pounding chest .
tr	PRES	One of the two handcuffed officers a tall man named Adam French puffing out his chest in defiance said , ' he 's telling lies .
tr	PRES	What bothers you matters to me .
tr	PAST	I scribbled down Raven Madison .
tr	PRES	" He loves her , more than anything . "
tr	PAST	With the exception of naval forces at sea , this order proved useless .
tr	PAST	A short distance away , she eyed a grove of low-growing trees surrounded by bushes , reminding her of a duck blind hidden for maximum effect .
tr	PAST	Her radio buzzed again .
tr	PAST	" I want you to open your legs for me , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" So , the same way a land mine blows up if you step on it , this sphere destroys people if they have negative thoughts ? "
tr	PRES	" Now , you git home . "
tr	PRES	At the top of the steps , the door opens .
tr	PRES	When someone fucks with one of us or the women we love , they fuck with all of us .
tr	PRES	" If the tree holds . "
tr	PRES	' She talks to us maids as though we were stupid .
tr	PAST	Russell propped his feet back up on the table .
tr	PRES	" I told you , " Seth whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	Alex 's mouth opens to say something but she stops , as though she can 't get the words out .
tr	PRES	Amber folds her arms over her chest and dips her head sideways to examine it more intently , her long brown hair hanging in a shiny curtain .
tr	PRES	" Hump the Heisman Trophy , my ass , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Another pin slides into place as I catch sight of the back of his hand .
tr	PAST	It hinged on the fact that she was this close to believing him .
tr	PAST	Litter blows with the wind , and pigeons dig through empty food cartons , scavenging for leftovers .
tr	PRES	I sputter in anger , but Doc just shakes his head .
tr	PAST	The scooter bounced violently throwing Timothy off the scooter and onto the soil meters away from the oncoming wolves .
tr	PAST	He exited the bed , taking her with him , standing her on her feet .
tr	PRES	She said it sharply , her lashes lifting , her eyes blazing with fury .
tr	PRES	" Sure , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Huge sturdy beams supported the roof .
tr	PRES	" The gen lab door is open , " Elder whispers .
tr	PAST	Al and I thanked people as convincingly as we could for the socks , and the random knick-knacks that were available in the store .
tr	PAST	Together they giggled like two girls with hardly a care in the world .
tr	PAST	The Jeep rumbled over the road pocked with pot holes .
tr	PRES	My heart lurches into my throat as I notice that Quinn , the one and the same , is seated next to me .
tr	PRES	I warn you there will be consequences if you don 't , not the least of which is criminal trespass . "
tr	PAST	Everything slowed down as if we were all underwater .
tr	PRES	When he sees me , he stops and smiles .
tr	PRES	He bears his teeth and hisses with an awkward smile .
tr	PRES	Cooper and I chuckle .
tr	PAST	" I 've tried it , " I hedged .
tr	PAST	Sidewalks crisscrossed through a patch of grass about a city block in diameter .
tr	PRES	" Their curse bears many names .
tr	PRES	" You hit like your father , " the patriarch taunts with a glare of contempt .
tr	PRES	" This wasn 't how this evening was supposed to go , " I mutter , loosening my bow tie as we drive down Fifth Avenue .
tr	PRES	A janitor pushes a blue plastic cart loaded with buckets and cleaning supplies .
tr	PAST	Gumshoe eyed the mahogany wainscoting , wallpaper , and portraits of businessmen long past .
tr	PAST	They melded together , fused , devouring one another , each ravenous for more .
tr	PRES	The man 's face softens .
tr	PAST	His lips tipped up one side and he leaned toward me , his mouth inches from mine .
tr	PAST	She cocked a brow at Simon , waiting for his agreement .
tr	PAST	But that night she dreamed again of the horseman .
tr	PAST	They projected his findings into the air .
tr	PAST	" You worthless piece of shit , " I rasped out weakly .
tr	PRES	" I 've been stressed , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Each breathes a sigh of relief as they complete the spell without getting caught .
tr	PRES	The doctor peels Lynn 's shirt back from her stomach .
tr	PAST	Josh gripped the counter with one hand , muscles coiled to act .
tr	PAST	A strange feeling arose inside her as she came within a foot of his hawkish face .
tr	PRES	Knox passes me when he steps out of the bathroom but I don 't dare look up at him .
tr	PRES	Without moving her head , Rachel glances to the right and sucks in her lower lip .
tr	PRES	She tastes it and proudly offers a bite to Shiv .
tr	PRES	" What about the two feed suppliers ? "
tr	PAST	He collapsed into a foetal position clutching his head until the end of break .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Drake , does inspiration for your stories stem from personal experience ? "
tr	PRES	" No antidote . "
tr	PAST	Your silly pride cost you this war . "
tr	PAST	DVDs cost three dollars , jeans supposedly from the Gap went for half that .
tr	PAST	He clutched Ren 's arm in excitement , then talked to the mare .
tr	PRES	" Oh yes , he loves getting his hands dirty , doesn 't he ? "
tr	PRES	" Obey , wraiths .
tr	PAST	" Darren , wake up , " she urged .
tr	PRES	" Hello Zeal . "
tr	PAST	She regained her sight , saw him above her , eyes crackling with the same insanity that had her at its mercy .
tr	PRES	Jack removes a dainty little cheese knife from a purple velvet box and pretends to throw it .
tr	PRES	" Would ye not miss her ? "
tr	PAST	I eyed her suspiciously .
tr	PRES	It disappears or something .
tr	PAST	Erin clutched the wooden gunwale near the bow and waited her turn .
tr	PRES	' Or some young piranha in the press gallery who sees the possibility of making a name as an investigative journalist . '
tr	PRES	He mouths and I nod .
tr	PAST	" You dared break up with me in the cafeteria ?
tr	PAST	" One for me too , if you don 't mind , " Logan chimed in .
tr	PRES	' Here in Saint Tropez of course , ' Elaine beamed .
tr	PRES	Eva rises as well .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight The moment he entered his bedroom , that enveloping quiet his focus demanded encircled him completely .
tr	PRES	Dark eyes pierce the person behind the camera .
tr	PRES	I gape at her .
tr	PRES	The first end of the platform falls with the second end burning and splitting , to quickly .
tr	PRES	So don 't tempt me . "
tr	PAST	An accent touches his words , though I can 't identify where it 's from .
tr	PAST	The woman regarded him carefully .
tr	PRES	" Everyone draws lots for it .
tr	PRES	Sam freezes on top of me and looks down .
tr	PAST	The uniformed man motioned lazily , not paying attention .
tr	PRES	I willingly lean into his palm this time .
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn .
tr	PAST	Turning to her , he inquired , " Would you like something for dessert , Haley ? "
tr	PAST	He stood there , his feet braced apart , his hands fisted at his sides as if he was trying to keep himself from reaching for her .
tr	PRES	And he trusts you with the defense of his country , not my schedule . "
tr	PAST	He simply regarded me without comment .
tr	PAST	Janet ~ March 25th Finally we 've begun , myself , Robert , Sandy and a new young woman named Susan .
tr	PRES	Digging her sharp nails in my already broken shoulder , I yell .
tr	PRES	Once I 'm in the seat with my feet planted firmly on the bottom , he joins me .
tr	PRES	He stops , waiting for a response , but I am absolutely incapable of speech .
tr	PAST	Mile after mile of hard riding sped by .
tr	PRES	That way he wouldn 't have to fumble for his clothes in the darkness , or risk terrifying the poor girl with his nak * d manhood .
tr	PAST	I experienced pain I could never have imagined before .
tr	PAST	One of my front tires exploded like a shotgun blast .
tr	PAST	He stifled a snort even as an uncomfortable shiver rippled under his skin .
tr	PRES	They shone in the firelight .
tr	PRES	As Serena emerges from the crowd , she glances at them .
tr	PRES	" Usually just hunt and capture pirates . "
tr	PRES	She stops in the hallway .
tr	PAST	Her dress revealed everything .
tr	PRES	An eerie twinkle shone in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Only the slight increase in the tension of his jaw lets me know that my answer has gotten to him .
tr	PAST	" That I messed up again .
tr	PRES	" Don 't say no , " Alex said , his voice husky .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	Grant Ryland learns about his wife 's infidelity and , in a drunken rage , drugs Lavina , Cathy and Steve .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Moretti ? "
tr	PAST	" ... so he created a system of really irritating sounds which play over the public announcement system whenever something important is happening . "
tr	PAST	Stacy tipped her head , her eyes bright .
tr	PRES	he bellows in his low voice .
tr	PAST	A worker suddenly leaped out of a top floor window .
tr	PRES	She reaches out and combs her fingers through Xavier 's messy blond bangs , but says nothing to him in return .
tr	PRES	Way to go , Mia .
tr	PAST	Suddenly figures emerged from the dark doorway , and hands grabbed her arms more forcefully than she was accustomed to .
tr	PAST	I whimper , begging , " Baby , please . "
tr	PAST	Family and friends prayed for a miracle , but on Wednesday , Jan. 28 , 1998 , at 8pm , Joseph Jones passed away at age 60 .
tr	PAST	He clutched Doyle 's chart as if it were a shield .
tr	PRES	And father eleven brats by them .
tr	PAST	the great bird exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Taking a feather duster , she cleaned the table and pieces almost reverently , lost in memories of watching her parents play .
tr	PRES	He holds me against the wall , our chests rising and falling in tandem , for a minute .
tr	PRES	The screen door rattles .
tr	PAST	" I lied to her , betrayed and tricked her , and in the end I killed her . "
tr	PAST	Aria fiddled with the mohair scarf wound around her neck .
tr	PAST	His entire body tensed as his fingers pressed into the hard granite - knuckles white .
tr	PAST	The mystery surrounding the verdict swirled more each day .
tr	PAST	The padding flattened as he sank into it .
tr	PAST	She scooted down into the thick blankets , and her grandmother covered her shoulders .
tr	PAST	We weaved through sweaty , drunken bodies and came up for air in a relatively empty kitchen .
tr	PAST	We pondered that question for most of the day as we sat gathering intel for a potential future raid .
tr	PRES	How dare you intrude ! "
tr	PRES	" Until you ... no .
tr	PRES	He mouths , smoke laces from his lips .
tr	PRES	" No , you are , " Alex chokes , diving his nails into the backs of her hands .
tr	PAST	Got a solid lead on it hours ago from Aunt Beatrice . "
tr	PAST	" It has been indicated that you have used magic potions on Constance Goodman , " the doctor claimed .
tr	PAST	Don 't worry , " she reassured him coolly .
tr	PAST	They committed me to life in this place . "
tr	PRES	Then suddenly he brings his hands up to my face , cupping it and gently pushes me back , away from him .
tr	PAST	Large bundles of electrical cables snaked overhead , coiling themselves around the low-rise buildings .
tr	PRES	" I snuck out .
tr	PRES	She mumbled something and turned over on her side .
tr	PAST	Jimmie stormed into the room .
tr	PRES	Rebecca remains cool and controlled when she replies .
tr	PRES	" Should I refresh your memory ? "
tr	PRES	Did she text you , too ? "
tr	PAST	During the first three years of marriage , she had roamed many Indian states due to her husband 's frequent transfers .
tr	PAST	Mike exhaled a slow breath , conflicting thoughts filling his head .
tr	PAST	Heart aching something fierce , I scooted over and pressed against his side .
tr	PRES	I apologise young Mistress , but I was sure you were your stepbrother . "
tr	PAST	" You 've met one of your half sisters , " Delilah disclosed , still afraid to look at Boone .
tr	PRES	" We bury the ash ? "
tr	PRES	" French Cut Green Beans . "
tr	PRES	" Our original batch ! "
tr	PRES	" Roger that , Brick .
tr	PRES	" He sees Highlander conspiracies everywhere . "
tr	PRES	" No , but thanks doll .
tr	PRES	Promises are lies . "
tr	PRES	" Tell me you didn 't arrange that for effect , " she teased .
tr	PAST	She pinched her lips as she considered him .
tr	PAST	Knox exhaled sharply and turned away from me .
tr	PRES	He points at me and I smirk .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves you , Mandy .
tr	PRES	The world-famous suspense writer ? "
tr	PRES	Then , a timid , " Hello , Toni ... " " Hello . "
tr	PRES	' As you wish , Pol . '
tr	PAST	" We 'll land over there , " Cooper announced suddenly .
tr	PRES	Let 's add as much confusion as we possibly can . '
tr	PAST	His meaty fingers clasped around Earl 's throat , not feeling like mist and shadow .
tr	PRES	" For the love of God , " I mumbled trying repeatedly to shoot it .
tr	PRES	Richard 's dark face shone in the light of the one lantern he held .
tr	PRES	" You 've a devious mind , lass .
tr	PRES	The First Law of Robotics states that a robot cannot harm a human being . "
tr	PRES	Micha opens the door .
tr	PRES	" It 's nothing to worry about , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" If we want to try and get to the hospital before sunset . "
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , standing abruptly .
tr	PAST	One of the women collapsed as soon as she was lowered to the ground .
tr	PAST	Nobody to turn to , they defended themselves .
tr	PRES	I confess I find the process fascinating .
tr	PAST	The woman in the center of it all seems detached , resigned .
tr	PAST	With a soft sigh , she flattened her hands on his chest and slid them up to link behind his neck .
tr	PRES	' Please god , help me now that my husband is gone . ' "
tr	PAST	' There , there my dove .
tr	PAST	Smythe , Clyde and Scully marveled at how an entire island could be washed away by a giant wave .
tr	PRES	" Not an inconvenience .
tr	PRES	He arches a brow .
tr	PAST	" Oh , James , how did everything get so messed up ? "
tr	PAST	I awoke and did not know where I was .
tr	PRES	Anyone who captains a beauty like this deserves my best behavior . "
tr	PRES	" Well , that brings me to something else I wanted to discuss . "
tr	PRES	Just a hint to Tim .
tr	PAST	So , I slapped her , straight across the face . "
tr	PRES	Adam swears under his breath .
tr	PRES	" A man hears only what he 's ready to hear .
tr	PAST	After that , Julie acted like that never happened , and Lea tried the same , but she couldn 't ignore what happened .
tr	PAST	Allowing himself to be drawn away , he retreated as gracefully as he could .
tr	PAST	Running for distance and running for speed required different disciplines .
tr	PAST	The plastic board floated for a few seconds .
tr	PRES	His bright blue eyes shone with compassion and understanding .
tr	PRES	Maybe it 's not healthy , " he stops , choking on his words .
tr	PAST	The President appointed him regional director of the southern states .
tr	PAST	Bobo plopped the gas can down on the chair .
tr	PRES	" Regular law enforcement tends to take a dim view of people who claim to have paranormal powers .
tr	PAST	She froze in the doorway when she saw me .
tr	PRES	Whoever in your family wears the darkest Jewels will put a shield around your residence .
tr	PRES	She mumbled , " Bummer . "
tr	PAST	The computer beeped , and she bent down to look at the screen .
tr	PRES	Up high , he lean out the window , and the man send him down !
tr	PRES	Be at ease , lass .
tr	PRES	Who wears a heavy cloak in the desert ?
tr	PAST	The warriors treated their beasts , better than themselves .
tr	PRES	" Only piss you off . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't roll your eyes at me , wench !
tr	PRES	Something blazes behind his eyes as he brings his mouth to mine .
tr	PRES	Finally , the aircraft shudders a bit and noses forward and I startle , gripping the arms of my seat .
tr	PRES	Tammie sniffs , nodding her head in agreement .
tr	PAST	No one blamed me and that Miss Dolly was going to fire Benny . "
tr	PAST	And that kind of loyalty required something more than respect .
tr	PAST	" What about resistance to the strain ?
tr	PRES	A small titter of laughter streams from behind then an applause .
tr	PAST	That bothered me from the start .
tr	PAST	She jiggled the door again but it wouldn 't budge .
tr	PAST	But Yeshua himself provoked a riot in the Temple .
tr	PAST	Neither one of them ever remarried .
tr	PAST	Was it the same with the agent you eliminated ? "
tr	PRES	" It definitely kills the parasite in a tissue sample in a Petrie dish . "
tr	PRES	With one hand , she begins feeling her way across my face , prodding my cheeks and chin , like a blind person .
tr	PRES	" Hey sis , you okay ? "
tr	PAST	" He 'll ... kill you , " I rasped , wincing .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry if I pushed you too hard , baby girl , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	I eyed her warily , not feeling up to company in the least .
tr	PAST	Before he could blurt out that he would never disrupt her peace , that he would forget his kingship ambitions , her eyes glowed with conviction .
tr	PAST	I ruled my pack and took pride at how they flourished .
tr	PRES	I lean over to Chloe and smack my hand flat against her forehead .
tr	PRES	Controls were lost , shipwrecked , lost in space , she remains unnamed .
tr	PRES	" And a tail . "
tr	PAST	It crushed me when what she did instead was embrace me and say , " Thank you . "
tr	PAST	Then the pain charged again and blackness rose to smother him .
tr	PAST	Her pulse skipped when she saw the name in the message box at the top left corner of her screen .
tr	PRES	I exhale twirling around when another hot sizzling metal piece barely misses my collar bone .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the wall , wanting to drift away and forget .
tr	PAST	He momentarily stares down at my hand on his before looking up at me .
tr	PAST	His voice boomed at me .
tr	PAST	Nathan slapped my hand as I started to pick at the plastic again .
tr	PRES	They only steal from the rich to balance the scales , like Robin Hood . "
tr	PRES	I assume you will be writing up a piece on it at any moment . "
tr	PRES	I wonder who their parents could be , " he teased .
tr	PRES	I yawn , stretching out my arms as I stare up at the stars .
tr	PAST	" She gave me twelve reasons to live , " her father announced sleepily .
tr	PAST	The dance sped up , and the dancers with it .
tr	PRES	I stoop low to read it .
tr	PRES	Color her shallow , but it took a moment for Violet to move past the word beautiful .
tr	PAST	A worm of apprehension crawled down her esophagus .
tr	PRES	Damien 's voice comforts me .
tr	PRES	" LOOK OUT ! "
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over and he didn 't move .
tr	PAST	He brandished it at Lotz 's retreating back .
tr	PAST	Worry painted lines around the corners of her mouth .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side and shrugged his shoulders .
tr	PRES	The teeth shone like the dawn , but they were sharp and strong .
tr	PRES	I don 't know about Spade yet , she tries to be all mysterious and secretive .
tr	PRES	I shove him away , not wanting to get caught up in anything other than my plan .
tr	PAST	Bailey averted her eyes back to the earth .
tr	PRES	The internet remembers more of what I 've done than I do .
tr	PRES	I regard it as a preventive measure .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Carmen berated herself for her stupid reaction .
tr	PAST	As his hand extended closer , she crawled onto the table , kicking her feet as a way to say , " Go away . "
tr	PAST	The first explosion created a blinding bright flash of white light , from which Jenny and Born had to look away momentarily .
tr	PRES	He passes the bottle to her and she drinks .
tr	PRES	" No , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	She nervously adjusted the folds of her black gown .
tr	PAST	You anticipated my suggestion .
tr	PRES	Sort of a low rumble ? "
tr	PRES	My anger melts away .
tr	PRES	Not that she talks to anyone but you . "
tr	PAST	As he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , irrationally trying to reattach it to the bone .
tr	PAST	It had just been an image , a picture or illusion conjured up by the devil himself !
tr	PAST	Something pricked my fingers , and I brought them out bloodied .
tr	PRES	She hates seeing bad things on the news and refuses to watch it .
tr	PRES	Why it took the sucker punch of you taking off in the middle of the night for me to wise up . "
tr	PRES	A night flashes in my mind without much thought .
tr	PRES	" Well I 'll deal with her when I get there , " he mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	You selected us at random and subjected us to the horror because of the curse .
tr	PRES	Her teeth clenched harder on his neck as she lifted to meet his quickening onslaught , her nails raking across his back .
tr	PAST	" And you risked your life getting the medicine that saved me ? "
tr	PRES	" To fight this , " she said , her voice unsteady and barely audible .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , " Chloe begins , " but Callie 's had a rough week . "
tr	PRES	Jonathan reaches into his pocket , removes a stake and plunges it into Nicholas ' chest .
tr	PRES	" Fuck Viktor , " I echo , rolling my head to take her face in .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	Sally plopped down in her desk chair in complete bewilderment while Bart rumbled on with enormous enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	Together the other man 's cumbersome index finger and thumb violently clipped the piece of paper , whisking it from the typewriter .
tr	PAST	She bore up under the friendly assault , however .
tr	PRES	He points to one of her buckles that has come undone .
tr	PRES	It helps keep the ship on course . "
tr	PRES	I swing my face from them , closing my eyelashes , lifting my face .
tr	PAST	" I 'll get a taxi , " she announced .
tr	PAST	" You were really something in there , Ms. Straker , " marveled John Waverley .
tr	PRES	The demon bounds forward , shrieking .
tr	PRES	My loves , she wrote , missing them so sharply it was difficult to go on .
tr	PAST	She giggled and then ran her finger down my chest .
tr	PRES	" Inhale the future , exhale the past .
tr	PAST	Hands on hips , she regarded him with a superior glint .
tr	PAST	" Let the contest begin , " the regent announced .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know too .
tr	PRES	Her eyes stung and watered .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , buddy ?
tr	PRES	" He said it was you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" No , really , Vaibhav has even agreed to join in " " Really ? "
tr	PRES	I snuck up behind them and knocked them out .
tr	PAST	David gritted his teeth until the ache in his jaw pushed away his unwelcome thoughts .
tr	PAST	Instead , her eyes beheld sprays of color , the blooms large and beautiful .
tr	PAST	The old man 's eyes twinkled with mischief .
tr	PAST	He provided so that Mae could enjoy her children , working as a secretary at their school .
tr	PAST	" Slain , " Lord Peake declared , " but one man named his killer before he died . "
tr	PRES	A few days later she begged me to go to Rebecca 's pre-trial , and I agreed .
tr	PAST	He slapped Mike on his shoulder .
tr	PRES	really to warn him ... .
tr	PAST	The Governor reappeared on screen again .
tr	PAST	He clutched the silver flagon as if he were holding on to his own sanity .
tr	PRES	The leaflet that I 've left hanging around the van clearly states that it is a six " o ' clock start on the harbour side .
tr	PRES	The court hears such stories all the time . "
tr	PAST	Norman fled , climbing higher into the cylinder .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " she snaps .
tr	PRES	With him was Alisha , her expression even more dour than usual .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brightly .
tr	PAST	I replaced my swords in their sheaths , and looked at Draco , who was still standing there , looking at me .
tr	PRES	I urge you to join with me now , as we strive for a new order .
tr	PAST	I was queasy by the time she screeched to a halt outside my house , barely missing our mailbox .
tr	PAST	He scooted closer to her , relieved she didn 't move away .
tr	PRES	It screamed in conquest , white teeth gleaming .
tr	PRES	I recall it as one of the great horrible moments of childhood .
tr	PRES	He loses a fee . "
tr	PAST	Mathilda fiddled with a dead mouse on her hat .
tr	PAST	" He must had shot himself and stumbled over here , " Stutzman chimed in suddenly .
tr	PAST	Jem inquired , looking amused .
tr	PRES	Used to the stream of doubts , Sabin tuned out the whispers .
tr	PAST	" No big deal , " I say , folding my arms across my chest .
tr	PRES	Ideally , about 1000 meters above the surface . "
tr	PAST	He readjusted the leather and belts with an unsteady hand .
tr	PAST	" Go ahead and give it a try , " I urged Casey , who seemed to do nothing more than stare at it .
tr	PRES	' Five more minutes , ' the homeless man mumbled .
tr	PRES	" But ... " Her worries and fears stricken me to the core .
tr	PAST	" It was only a matter of time , they feared , before the monster would be coming for them .
tr	PAST	The spasmodic motion of his body jolted his arm a few inches more than was comfortable and he scrunched his face in pain .
tr	PRES	She slides down the row , and as she comes closer , Markus gestures .
tr	PRES	" No one likes a kiss ass , kid . "
tr	PAST	As he ran , he sensed it again , out there .
tr	PRES	Will you forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	My knife snaps out , preparing for battle .
tr	PAST	She collapsed in a heap , breathing heavily , and Lief looked at her strangely .
tr	PRES	Before I can say more , the front door bangs open , and a man walks in .
tr	PAST	He grunted and looked up at me .
tr	PAST	Levi eyed it while listening for sounds that might suggest Denny had reclaimed Spike .
tr	PRES	Can you identify it ? "
tr	PAST	I was on one side of it and five , seated , middle-aged and sober suited individuals ranged round the other side .
tr	PRES	If towers crash and the ground falls why should we survive ?
tr	PAST	She skipped down the rest of the steps .
tr	PAST	Together the pillars supported the waking world above Evermore , the land of spirits .
tr	PRES	He holds the door wide , and I slide through without touching him .
tr	PRES	" Who helps us with our bags ? "
tr	PAST	I doubted that anyone monitored the elevator , so I took it down .
tr	PAST	This is all not about that , anyway , " Dave stated .
tr	PRES	The moon rises , the children 's bodies contract and contort , but at least tonight their conversion to wolf is faster .
tr	PAST	Timmy acted the part of a shamed mistress caught in the act .
tr	PRES	She wishes you a good recovery , Jen .
tr	PRES	James tuned out Isaac 's chatter and waved him down in his seat .
tr	PAST	The wail of sirens announced the arrival of the first Snohomish County Sheriff 's car .
tr	PAST	Edward and Eadie proved that in their childish games .
tr	PAST	The attention I received from him .
tr	PAST	Massive pillars supported the edifice 's overhang , towering far above heroes ' heads .
tr	PRES	Sunlight fills the clouds .
tr	PRES	She counts out the span of fifty breakers , then tries again .
tr	PAST	I shuffled my feet , knowing I wasn 't really sincere in what I was about to say , but knowing she wanted to hear it anyway .
tr	PAST	" Four hundred and thirteen points , " a servant announced after being fed the number by scribes working below .
tr	PAST	Instead of cutting straight through the back gate , we opted for the longer route that took us around a small lagoon .
tr	PRES	Carolyn beamed , " I thought you might be a member of the Colville tribe .
tr	PRES	" Dried fish enough to feed fifty thousand .
tr	PAST	Thaddeus first attempted a series of comic invention summons including the requisite " candy gram " and the simple and to-the-point " land shark . "
tr	PAST	The people between us quickly scooted out of his way at the look on his face .
tr	PAST	The old man appealed to her .
tr	PAST	Sheridan squinted to clear the blurriness in her vision .
tr	PAST	He carefully snaked out an arm from his blanket and touched the barb .
tr	PAST	His arm at her waist circled further .
tr	PAST	The way a smile tugged at his mouth .
tr	PAST	The bartender stiffened when she got a glimpse of Ryder 's face .
tr	PRES	" Shall we go and make tea , Kim ?
tr	PAST	A chill crawled up my spine .
tr	PRES	" What principle ? "
tr	PAST	She stifled a laugh .
tr	PRES	Says it relaxes him . "
tr	PRES	Another sigh as he stops between the ninja girl and myself .
tr	PAST	His calming presence washed over her , and after a few minutes of frantic weeping , she regained enough composure to raise her head .
tr	PRES	" I don 't understand , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He swiped the back of his hand over it .
tr	PAST	Satisfied , the Leopard stalked away off the ice and departed in his sleigh carriage to disappear into the thick fog .
tr	PRES	" What about Janie ? "
tr	PAST	Maynard hollered back , " I expect no quarter from you , nor shall I give any . "
tr	PAST	I shuffle over and sit .
tr	PAST	he crawled to her side , looking longingly into her eyes for an answer .
tr	PRES	" You journalists and your facts .
tr	PAST	We text every night . "
tr	PRES	The flagship 's engines shone brightly for a second , and then it vanished off the screen .
tr	PAST	Peace retreated each time he watched her expression .
tr	PRES	Ha , ha , ha ... hee , hee , hee ... The small bird choked from the rapture of his mastery .
tr	PRES	Before he can go far , Matt reaches for her son again .
tr	PAST	" No , " the girl sniffed .
tr	PAST	Then he perked up .
tr	PAST	The need tugged at him again , yanked hard , and for a moment , Gabe wondered if he was going crazy .
tr	PRES	He stops , quickly walks over to the T.V. , and turns it up .
tr	PAST	Below it was a long handwritten letter scribbled in haste .
tr	PRES	The ' Destiny ' begins to move out of the Harbor , just as a few pirates are walking out of the crowded establishment .
tr	PRES	I add that to the list and then examine it in my head .
tr	PRES	" I suppose I did , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Pete flicked some ash towards bound feet .
tr	PRES	" You brought us here , if we die , it is you who have killed us , " Aria states confidently .
tr	PAST	He inched his body through until he was completely inside the house .
tr	PAST	His body crumpled as it slammed into the base .
tr	PAST	Then he split firewood until his mother called his aching stomach and drooping eyelids for supper .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the wind stops dead and Abe stands motionless , frozen in time .
tr	PAST	He relayed the message back to Aram and crouched low .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Ma .
tr	PRES	It lays cold on my collarbone .
tr	PAST	* The morning announced itself by way of a cloudless sky and a slight nip to the mountain air .
tr	PAST	Your prince dumped you because you were a commoner .
tr	PRES	He flips the shower curtain open .
tr	PRES	" She lets me know when we 're done for the day . "
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PAST	Lauren and her friends cleaned up the mess at the booth , then went to the locker room .
tr	PRES	How much better you will now understand the seventeenth-century poets ! "
tr	PAST	Sebastian leaped into it and vanished .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes affixed on me .
tr	PAST	I scrolled through about twenty pages about relationships and psychos .
tr	PAST	Every item reflected his mother 's impeccable taste and boundless bank account .
tr	PRES	Ah , the sound of the wolves howling .
tr	PRES	" I know , " he sighs .
tr	PAST	I forgive you of that , and will remedy of this ailment that inflicts you . "
tr	PRES	He stands his full height .
tr	PAST	She dove for it , catching it before it hit the pavement , slamming into the curb face first .
tr	PAST	Bert upended his tankard , spit a frothy belch and set the vessel on the bar .
tr	PRES	' Wedding nonsense ? '
tr	PRES	" Yes Mr. Zane .
tr	PRES	My heart stops in my chest .
tr	PAST	Sails flapped and flocks of birds exploded off the water as the wind picked up .
tr	PAST	And now that I was paying attention , I sensed the faint , tart smell of magic .
tr	PAST	He charged his favorite spell , compound of wind and water .
tr	PAST	I dove and trapped it on the ground .
tr	PRES	He carries me into the bathroom , setting me down only so that he can flick on the shower .
tr	PAST	An insect crawled across her elbow and bit her .
tr	PAST	It 's past supper , " she exclaimed and dashed into the cottage .
tr	PAST	He pondered that for one short second , and then his wide smile stretched across his face .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you to our far shores ? "
tr	PRES	" I mean , I was handling it , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He whispers and I nod and so does Andrew .
tr	PRES	" It is of little consequence now , " he sighs , dismissing the thought .
tr	PAST	As he neared her , Abbey executed a flying kick that socked him in the chest .
tr	PRES	" I said nice try , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Her tongue smacked and she swallowed the first bite .
tr	PRES	" Not you , Meredith , never you . "
tr	PAST	" There was a big freezer in front of it , piled high with boxes full of all kinds of shit .
tr	PAST	Electrical current jolted through Nilo .
tr	PRES	For all his flaws , he loves you . "
tr	PRES	' Little liar ! '
tr	PAST	Monika giggled as she asked , " Did you sleep well without your blankie ? "
tr	PAST	Something rumbled in the distance even though the charcoal sky seemed placid enough .
tr	PRES	" This carries difficulty in understanding unless ascribed by self to perceptive difference between our species .
tr	PRES	" Mason , please , " a gentle voice whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	I blamed Tristan , who had moved a little closer to me , close enough that I could hear him humming under his breath .
tr	PRES	James holds me away from him so I can see his face .
tr	PRES	" If that 's ok . "
tr	PAST	Selena eyed the convoy that was gathering within the palace 's courtyard .
tr	PRES	" Remain constant , and I will remain with you . "
tr	PRES	His words stir my memory .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , Anita 's eyes reflected any lights that hit them .
tr	PRES	He carries a sword that leaks black smoke and causes people to kill each other , yet he works so hard to stop a war .
tr	PRES	As soon as the words leave her lips all laughter stops .
tr	PAST	Even with the lights on , she doubted she 'd recognize the body , if it was as mangled as Rob 's had been .
tr	PRES	And ridiculous lies , too .
tr	PAST	Jesse wept further tears as he kissed her back , and as she broke off from kissing him he said softly to her .
tr	PAST	Before 2pm the salon 's mirror reflected shining hair that looked to be waving by design rather than accident .
tr	PAST	" Sounds like the perfect plan , " Beth countered .
tr	PRES	" You lying already bro ? "
tr	PRES	I hesitate for a moment too long .
tr	PAST	The boat , keeping a safe distance from the hazardous rocks , circled the southern shore of the island .
tr	PAST	I exhaled his name , curled my fingers tighter into his hair , and prepared myself for what was going to come next .
tr	PRES	A hand reaches out and roughly pulls me to his rock hard chest .
tr	PAST	The police labeled her a runaway and as far as I knew , no one had seen her since that night .
tr	PRES	During a perfectly full moon , the statues shone bright , like a Moonlight Garden .
tr	PRES	She whispers beginning to tear up again .
tr	PAST	Somehow , Violet refrained from rolling her eyes .
tr	PRES	Lila glances at Mikey .
tr	PAST	" And they eliminated him as a suspect on your say-so . "
tr	PRES	Chapter 14 I drove us to Deep Hollow Ranch to go horseback riding .
tr	PRES	An oppressive silence falls .
tr	PRES	She misses you , but she 's with Ryan . "
tr	PRES	If Mr Cameron is not available , then the deputy prime minister .
tr	PRES	He reaches his hand up again , this time directing it to her shoulder attempting to comfort her .
tr	PAST	My eyes roamed over the surrounding rooftops and shadows .
tr	PRES	" Is Eva too old to send to a convent ? "
tr	PAST	Beau gritted his teeth together .
tr	PAST	I sniffed back tears .
tr	PRES	" Chantilly cheated on you with Gustavo , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	A light glowed softly through a curtained window .
tr	PAST	" We were just partying , " Kim sobbed .
tr	PRES	My surgical team stops by constantly to tell me how great I look , but I 'm sick of these people .
tr	PRES	He whispers into my hair .
tr	PRES	" But goin ' to the barn naked ? "
tr	PAST	I tensed my arm , and brought the rock down , fast , piercing the beast 's skin .
tr	PAST	Nick 's SUV screeched to a stop scattering gravel as soon as the tree crashed behind him .
tr	PAST	She regarded me thoughtfully .
tr	PRES	He likes to be in control . "
tr	PAST	Vivian slapped the steering wheel with her palm .
tr	PRES	" Shall I recall my men from their search ? "
tr	PAST	" Call me if you need anything , " he hollered .
tr	PAST	Destro emerged a moment later and Captain Thor stepped forward to greet him .
tr	PAST	" I know , " He yawned , touched the side of my cheek with his warm , slender fingers .
tr	PRES	And part of me wishes I never had to open my eyes again .
tr	PAST	" Got something for you .
tr	PRES	Can you be a big girl and do those things for me , sweetheart ? "
tr	PRES	A casual conversation allows them to get used to how the mind of the other feels .
tr	PAST	Moonlight soaked the room , the shade open wide .
tr	PRES	" Of course , silly ! "
tr	PAST	Alain received many invitations .
tr	PAST	Looking down at his feet , he cocked an eyebrow at her in confusion .
tr	PRES	Caleb flinches at the words " death serum . "
tr	PRES	" Are you saying that this Silver could get me back ... err rather forward ? "
tr	PAST	Crowds of people , dressed in tuxes and bright , jewel-toned dresses roamed through the elegant space , admiring the paintings and photographs dotting the cream-colored walls .
tr	PRES	And don 't scratch your head . "
tr	PAST	A smile of wonder curved her lips .
tr	PRES	" And a solid feed system ?
tr	PRES	" With Graham and ... another Shifter .
tr	PAST	Emily 's fingers inched toward the phone , but then Carolyn rolled over in bed and groaned .
tr	PAST	They emerged from the cathedral .
tr	PAST	Vigneault motioned to intercede .
tr	PRES	" Good one Barret , " Billy agreed , " You ok ? "
tr	PAST	My entire body stiffened at his questioning tone .
tr	PAST	" If Franklin shows up again , screw him . "
tr	PRES	Who suddenly said , startling Gerald , " One day . "
tr	PAST	Uncle Russ nodded and nausea churned in Ryan 's gut .
tr	PRES	The room begins to spin , and I know that I won 't last much longer .
tr	PAST	Conversation swirled from Kelly 's law school plans and her work at the legal aid clinic to Jack 's latest investments .
tr	PRES	" That changes everything , lovely . "
tr	PRES	My hunger wants to hurt him , begs me to crush the life out of him .
tr	PRES	" What about Chief McCormick ? "
tr	PRES	My door creaks open .
tr	PAST	I feared it too . '
tr	PAST	He regarded me with raised eyebrows , then grinned and shook his head .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand , and Fitch shook it .
tr	PRES	Not as beautiful as you think , my heart whispers back .
tr	PAST	My mother slapping me flew to the forefront of my mind , but then again it wasn 't that awful .
tr	PRES	Suddenly the tunnel appears to become distorted then disappears .
tr	PAST	He described her dream , bringing all the details to vivid life and Saxon caught her breath .
tr	PAST	His footfalls sped , hers also , trying to catch up , to keep pace without having to be pulled along so often .
tr	PRES	Like all autumn days on the island , it begins cold but warms and gains color as the sun rises .
tr	PAST	She slapped them onto her desk and glared at the tower of paperwork still waiting for her attention .
tr	PRES	She lust looked like a little girl .
tr	PRES	Tyler changes the view of the dragon 's eye .
tr	PAST	The creaking of the pumps abruptly ceased .
tr	PRES	After stepping in , he sees me and smiles that bright smile of his .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth to speak ... ... and vomits into the grass .
tr	PRES	She draws her fingertip across one of the plates and a shiny strip of white appears .
tr	PAST	Her type preferred the luxury camps of Kenya where travel brochures included a picture of bathroom facilities .
tr	PRES	" Well that explains a hell of a lot .
tr	PAST	He massaged them , studying them curiously .
tr	PRES	" Will you do it , Bree ? "
tr	PAST	His hand circled her elbow and he drew her even further back .
tr	PRES	" I recall . "
tr	PAST	Marielle motioned her to come inside so as to avoid further discomfiture to the man .
tr	PAST	Mira exhaled a short curse .
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PAST	He burst into the room , a Black shield fanned out in front of him to protect the women behind him .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed over my face , warming to an impossibly brilliant blue when they lingered on my mouth .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six It was raining on the morning of Daisy and William 's trip to London , and Daisy saw this as a bad omen .
tr	PRES	Sidney snaps at him as she releases me .
tr	PAST	Pain assaulted her , spearing through her , robbing her of breath .
tr	PAST	" This is not your decision , " the man rumbled at the women .
tr	PAST	Instinctively she sought refuge in a change of subject .
tr	PRES	She whipped her hair out of her face , " Were you kidnapped again ? "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , I abandoned the nice approach .
tr	PAST	My mother sniffed , her pert little nose rising toward the ceiling .
tr	PAST	The instant the words left her lips , Avery experienced a rush of regret .
tr	PRES	" Thought so , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	With the drinks in hand , she disappears into the bathroom .
tr	PRES	" I 'm a terrible person , " she whispers it low , hypnotic .
tr	PRES	Cave , bomb shelter , secret government bunker ... " His light was on me again .
tr	PRES	Unable to move a muscle , the utterly depleted Queen exhales in feverish bursts , failing to remain conscious .
tr	PAST	I squinted at him , lying across from me .
tr	PRES	Or how to get over a really bad hangover . "
tr	PAST	The security gate beeped , acknowledging their departure .
tr	PRES	We always wash in cold water too for the same reasons .
tr	PAST	The sleigh sped on .
tr	PRES	The dwarf , held up his thick hands , pleading .
tr	PRES	The universe hates me . "
tr	PRES	I never forgave him for putting us all at risk .
tr	PAST	" I once bounced all the way down on my - " Jeff elbowed her .
tr	PRES	Max opens his mouth , but is suddenly ashamed .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , Raven ? "
tr	PAST	I shrieked , surprised .
tr	PAST	His hand lightly massaged her neck and shoulders .
tr	PAST	The forms merged into what looked like the shadow of a head .
tr	PRES	" It explains the controlled energy I picked up at the scenes .
tr	PRES	Bobby shone the light at various points of the town .
tr	PRES	" I danced with her .
tr	PAST	His nose disintegrated and blood sprayed everywhere , but he was fighting for his life and would not let go .
tr	PAST	" I like our kitchen , " his mom persisted .
tr	PRES	His other arm stretches back to nestle under his head .
tr	PRES	I whirl and race from the cottage , down the paths leading to the beach .
tr	PRES	Cricket glances at me nervously .
tr	PRES	He holds my hand , hugs me tight , and tickles me every time we meet along the way .
tr	PRES	They warped my perception of people , just like yours have .
tr	PAST	Gage stowed his bag and slid onto the bench seat .
tr	PAST	" Someone should kill her , " Reyes countered .
tr	PRES	" To right all my faults ? "
tr	PRES	I chew up criminals for a living . " "
tr	PAST	With sudden determination Kaitlyn inched her legs up , pulling the blanket off her by degrees .
tr	PRES	A guy in armor bursts into the room .
tr	PAST	Usual y banging the weapon at a certain angle on its base extended it or a shield and they were easy enough to make smal again .
tr	PRES	" Many people steal many things . "
tr	PAST	He withdrew a dagger from his sleeve .
tr	PAST	He willed her mind to sleep while her body stayed awake .
tr	PRES	A wave of fear pushes through my body , and adrenaline starts speeding through my veins .
tr	PRES	" If we move , " she told them , " they ' l kil them al . "
tr	PAST	" Because you created them . "
tr	PRES	" Can we swim in it , too ? "
tr	PAST	I stole over to the door as quietly as possible and pressed the handle down .
tr	PAST	Rusty cocked her head to the side .
tr	PAST	I coiled myself into the protective arms of Tallis , in fear of another outburst from Desmond .
tr	PAST	The familiar weight of the weapon steadied me , centered me , and prepared me for what was to come next : the death of Cesar Vaughn .
tr	PAST	She hopped off the bed and ran to get her prize .
tr	PRES	" Or wench if you want to be slapped . "
tr	PRES	No claws , just fists .
tr	PRES	But an attempted prison break carries a hefty sentence .
tr	PRES	" I figured , I ... I mean , Nate , would be no match for you , anyway , " he practically mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Okay , someone enters an event and let 's say he 's like you and he happens to win .
tr	PAST	" I lied , Bob . "
tr	PAST	This provided Mary with a great opportunity .
tr	PRES	His posture changes and his shoulders relax a little .
tr	PRES	And if it 's Carnival time , which it is now , the party never stops , boy , I tell you true ! "
tr	PAST	When she grimaced , he withdrew immediately and then lowered his mouth to soothe away the hurt .
tr	PAST	She bounced up and down and then pulled Sloane into our circle of affection like we had already conquered this life and moved on to greener pastures .
tr	PRES	" The Larry Knight .
tr	PRES	He stops in the center of my room , his eyes fixed on the floor .
tr	PRES	He carries me into my bathroom where he runs a bath and strips off my wet clothes .
tr	PRES	She holds up her phone right in front of our faces , pointing the camera at us as she quickly snaps a picture .
tr	PAST	Then , in the morning , we pretended it never happened .
tr	PRES	He rises in one smooth motion , his beaded silks glittering in the candlelight , and walks on silent feet to let in the visitor .
tr	PRES	It kills me to be with her , but I want the pain more than anything .
tr	PRES	Tamar 's shoulders tremble as the drink makes its way down her throat .
tr	PAST	Claude eyed me for a long moment , then nodded .
tr	PAST	Hunter thanked the hostess when she returned with the spoons .
tr	PAST	" They blamed him .
tr	PRES	Alec simply produces new ones to replace them .
tr	PAST	Logan saluted and walked out .
tr	PRES	Just seeing him and putting a face to a name brings back my memories of him .
tr	PRES	He hugs me tighter .
tr	PAST	Drake slapped a couple of pancakes on his plate , giving Mairi time to speak .
tr	PRES	His wiry black fur disappears into the follicles of his flesh .
tr	PRES	" A Class Six ?
tr	PRES	" The Demon Light . "
tr	PAST	With everything set for a twenty second recovery , he stripped and forced himself to lie in bed .
tr	PRES	All of us , even Cody .
tr	PAST	" I can see them any time , " Ty countered .
tr	PRES	" I assume so . "
tr	PAST	Denis regarded me coolly .
tr	PRES	An actual key ( as opposed to a screwdriver ) opens the front door , and then bam !
tr	PRES	Jared 's laughter was warm , a low rumble from the deepest part of his being .
tr	PRES	" But ' tis not plain .
tr	PRES	" Eleanor Stevens ? "
tr	PRES	" Quickly fetch my crystals from the castle . "
tr	PRES	The night was crystal clear , the calm sea gleaming like glass .
tr	PAST	He froze as realization hit him .
tr	PAST	Tall stacks of books surrounded her , towering above her , welcoming her in to their familiar embrace .
tr	PRES	" If your wolf , kills ... me .
tr	PRES	This is Maria , " Amy explains pointing to the dark haired green eyed girl that I was trapped with earlier .
tr	PAST	He then visited the docks and asked around .
tr	PAST	" Then she lied to me !
tr	PAST	She lingered for a moment more but forced her concern aside and scanned the darkness for venting steam .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open to her smile .
tr	PRES	" Because of you , Oscar .
tr	PRES	Joel folds his arms , slanting back against the motorcycle .
tr	PAST	I dared say that what I felt was something close to the traditional meaning of the word " love " .
tr	PRES	Benjamin refuses to let me go until I finish the stack of his favorite books .
tr	PAST	" I know , buy you just have to trust me , " I urged .
tr	PRES	On either side was the inked design that caught her attention -- its angular , asymmetrical shapes still strangely familiar .
tr	PAST	" You mean after everything evil you did to me , " I joked , gently slapping his bony knee .
tr	PRES	Winter sun shone on us as we stood outside the lodge ready to trek down the hill to the center of the small town .
tr	PAST	" I haven 't forgotten anything , " Daemon crooned .
tr	PAST	Hugh yawned and twisted his neck from side to side until it cracked loudly .
tr	PAST	He shuffled forward half a step .
tr	PRES	" Archer , " she practically hisses .
tr	PRES	Without a word , the shadow of Link draws closer , his slow , purposeful steps closing the distance faster than the boy would prefer .
tr	PAST	" It could be anything , " Mark hedged .
tr	PAST	Varg flicked his ears in agreement .
tr	PAST	As the God 's eyes scanned the room , he clutched a sword the shape of a lightning bolt in his hand .
tr	PAST	Her face bore heavier lines , but her eyes were warm and calm .
tr	PAST	I exhale , shaking my metal hat .
tr	PAST	" He is my son and heir , " Peter stated , his eyes biting in their intensity .
tr	PAST	Candles provided the only light in the room .
tr	PAST	Millions of questions stormed in his mind like bugs flying inside his head .
tr	PAST	They never , ever quit because of that .
tr	PAST	Upon landing , the jet taxied across the busy airport into a private hangar .
tr	PAST	My body tensed , because I knew that bump .
tr	PRES	Lance states cheerfully while quickly swinging his legs out of bed and jumping to his feet .
tr	PRES	" And sing we would , forever . "
tr	PAST	First he stripped off the skin , then he picked out the bones , then he ate the fish .
tr	PRES	She glances up , the dark liner having run under her eyes as if she hadn 't bothered to wash it off the night before .
tr	PAST	Megan clasped his hand and stood .
tr	PAST	Sasha extended his hand and shook the mayor 's , then the bank president 's .
tr	PAST	Then I stomped upstairs , pulled the gun out from under my bed and shoved it into my waistband .
tr	PRES	He glances up at Emma .
tr	PRES	With that comes more than just witch stink .
tr	PAST	After the first arrow , he fled . "
tr	PAST	Rivera collected his thoughts and sorted them out before us , as methodically as anyone possibly could under the circumstances .
tr	PRES	Umm ok , see , I let this blonde drive it and it has been running like crap every since . "
tr	PAST	She retracted her body against the wall .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he grunted as he began to shudder and come himself .
tr	PRES	And if you decline to purchase insurance from us -- " " Enough ! "
tr	PRES	" Where -- where am I , " Gabriel tried to make sense of his surroundings as his head began to swim with confusion .
tr	PRES	Perhaps he hates the Royal family and purposely caused misfortune after misfortune to fall upon us .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Hastings just steered Spencer toward the door .
tr	PRES	" Diet Coke . "
tr	PAST	She giggled as I grabbed her hand and led her down to the beach .
tr	PAST	Her insides swirled with anticipation as she imagined the look on Garrett 's face when he saw her .
tr	PRES	You evaded taxes and violated your own rules and regulations .
tr	PAST	Please , I prayed .
tr	PAST	From a shadow emerged the Scribe , his gaze piercing .
tr	PAST	I look up to find the little gargoyle watching me , his head cocked as if he is puzzling something out .
tr	PAST	Susie exhaled deeply and smiled .
tr	PRES	Thomas swayed in the saddle fighting off the pin pricks dancing in front of him .
tr	PAST	Chills sped down Katherine 's spine as the tension between her and Kylie filled the room .
tr	PAST	I extended my hands with a shrug .
tr	PAST	I thanked Grandma for the present , wondering if it was yet another pair of socks or something .
tr	PRES	He plants all kinds of distrust for the Council as he does it , making the potential prey distrust the only people who could help them . "
tr	PRES	A subtle flick of her wrist summons a small , magic barrier in front of each of the children as they attempt to scatter in different directions .
tr	PRES	He leaned in , his teeth softly grazing my ear .
tr	PRES	The moonlight bleeds out all color , leaving a dark , glossy , residue on my skin .
tr	PRES	Then he kills you ... too . "
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto the ground , shaking in violent tremors .
tr	PRES	Well , sort of , 'cause there is actually only water beneath me on account of the list on the ship .
tr	PRES	" So happy for you , darlin ' .
tr	PRES	" We can occupy the lecture halls , " she announces .
tr	PAST	" Well , Samuel , are you going to take all afternoon , or are you going to tell us what happened ? "
tr	PRES	" Lolita , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" Joni loves you and she 's taught Isaac to love you .
tr	PAST	I pitched forward , clutching my stomach , knowing that I was absolutely going to lose it .
tr	PRES	She wraps her legs around my waist .
tr	PAST	" We can have this place cleaned up in no time , Anna , " Andrew stated , supporting his sister .
tr	PRES	" She needs to know , Annie .
tr	PRES	Second voice ( from just above my head ) : " You 're looking very pretty today , Doc . "
tr	PRES	" Your iPhone in here ? "
tr	PRES	He was looking down at me , eyes protective , but with a slight smile on his face .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , it fits right in with what you were saying .
tr	PAST	Again he relayed the tape , listening intently .
tr	PRES	Cas sighs and then walks back into the kitchen , reaching into the lower cabinets to pull out a heavy pan .
tr	PRES	An exquisitely beautiful woman turned to him , her holographic features shimmering as she spoke seduction .
tr	PRES	' One of the local Ladies .
tr	PRES	" What ladies ? "
tr	PRES	She remembers the tattoo on her hand again and opens her mouth to ask about it .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I begged as I turned my attention back to Bishop .
tr	PAST	She washed her hands and face over and over and then stood under the blower trying to dry her shirt and jeans .
tr	PAST	I limped back to the Hab and fumbled my way in to an airlock .
tr	PAST	Abbot rasped in my ear .
tr	PRES	The progressive oligarchy sees the untamed productive classes as their true enemy .
tr	PRES	The arsonist began to huff and puff to light the kindling , damp with recent rain ; but even ventilation was in vain .
tr	PAST	The older man 's face brightened at the sight of DeLuca .
tr	PRES	And my grandfather begins to speak , but not in English , nor Polish , nor any language I 've heard outside my dreams .
tr	PAST	He flicked the starter ring of the grenade and tossed it over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	' ' Really ? "
tr	PRES	It helps if you focus it through your hand , and pass it over the water 's surface . "
tr	PRES	" To the stables , also . "
tr	PAST	Nodding , Victor tugged on Kay 's arm , forcing her to follow him down two flights of stairs and into the cellar .
tr	PAST	" He doesn 't answer , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	She begins with a smile across her face .
tr	PRES	" But ... what about Captain Kalen ? "
tr	PRES	" A sleeping draft mixed with something to dull the pain .
tr	PRES	' Terrible stuff , sir , washes away the beneficent humours .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked up to Jace 's .
tr	PRES	He points the flashlight upwards .
tr	PRES	" Doorways exist all over both worlds , linking them .
tr	PAST	She sensed the room was small .
tr	PRES	It just causes problems . "
tr	PRES	He contented himself with putting his arm around her waist and squeezing .
tr	PRES	In truth , just the thought of you giving me your blood fills me with a hunger I dare not name .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Pol ! "
tr	PRES	" Oh , wow , " I teased quietly .
tr	PRES	Once she was all suited up , she padded back toward the living room .
tr	PRES	Now he spoke out in a regular tone of voice , " Linsey ? "
tr	PAST	She proceeded to ignore the Admiral and boarded one of the recon ships in the hangar .
tr	PRES	" Brother Zachariah - " Clary suddenly bolted upright .
tr	PAST	" They 're not here , " I reported as soon as he was near me .
tr	PAST	She rummaged around in a storage box and retrieved a large pair of rusty binoculars .
tr	PRES	She pushes herself into his path , and he scratches behind her ears .
tr	PAST	The retaining clamps ejected from the launch gantry , falling to the ground .
tr	PAST	He rinsed the dishes and set them in the dishwasher .
tr	PAST	She stormed through the glass entrance door with me in tow , into the frigid cold and the busy street .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and moaned her gratification , her black high heels dangling in the air as he unleashed his fury .
tr	PAST	He withdrew his fingers completely then rammed them back .
tr	PAST	Toni thanked the doctor as he walked out the door to finish his rounds .
tr	PRES	The full moon shone strong .
tr	PRES	" Thomas , you stay down here just in case he tries to run . "
tr	PRES	They feed on the flames .
tr	PRES	Greg clears his throat as we near my house .
tr	PRES	She draws in a sharp breath .
tr	PAST	My father served in the Military Police in Korea .
tr	PAST	The Queen came up short , still hissing , her fingernails curved to hideously sharp points .
tr	PAST	I exposed a lot of myself unintentionally to Gillespie and he made sure Lance knew it .
tr	PAST	He cocked his eyebrow and turned on a show on MTV .
tr	PRES	She glances down at her hand on my chest and then looks back up at me .
tr	PAST	His entire body tensed and he leaned back to distribute some of his weight on the wall .
tr	PRES	The sureness of her vision and purpose shone out of her face .
tr	PRES	She stares into the spent drink , the remains of what could have been her beverage , her destiny .
tr	PRES	Courtney launches toward Ian and joins the group of guys chatting by the fence .
tr	PAST	My crossed arms mirrored his posture .
tr	PAST	A low growl that sounded almost like a purr rumbled in his throat as she knelt beside him .
tr	PAST	He claimed he was growing jaded .
tr	PRES	Because that 's my next interest : finding what it is that binds these people together on my father 's handwritten note .
tr	PAST	And last , he dreamed of the most terrifying thing he 'd seen in a long chain of terrifying things .
tr	PRES	" The peace talks ? "
tr	PAST	" One of us really is a murderer , you know , " Jane chimed in eerily .
tr	PRES	His ears swivel at every hushed whisper of sand : from breezes , from the pad of his paws .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , " the Blind King urged .
tr	PAST	" I kind of picked that up about you right off , " he announced with a grin .
tr	PAST	Viggo lingered five feet away , hateful eyes devouring me .
tr	PRES	Tomorrow , " Jon nearly shouts with relief as he hears her voice .
tr	PAST	I dumped the contents onto the counter where we were eating .
tr	PAST	Olivia chased after it and suddenly felt sick to her stomach .
tr	PRES	I peel away the paper , and the familiar top of the bottle comes into view .
tr	PRES	He holds no emotion in his voice , just more acceptance which makes me feel even worse .
tr	PAST	She threaded her way amongst crushed beer cans , broken glass and litter .
tr	PRES	But then suddenly he stops it , like he did the first time .
tr	PAST	Color bled all over his back and arms , intricate tats sketched in beautiful patterns across his skin , the opposite of the horrors that stained mine .
tr	PRES	The second time he got up to sing , he ruined Fat Charlie 's life .
tr	PRES	It wears off like a drug in a few hours .
tr	PAST	He delayed naming another and sought to retake power instead .
tr	PRES	Milton finally snuck his hand in the air .
tr	PRES	My stomach lurches as we make a full loop .
tr	PRES	On instinct she whipped a leg around and swept her attacker 's feet out from under him .
tr	PRES	" Did you confront her with this fact ? "
tr	PRES	" Honestly , Jessamine - " She broke off , turning away .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat , and eases himself down onto his knee in front of me .
tr	PAST	' Don 't fire unless they try to rush you , ' Johnnie advised .
tr	PAST	Petal & Petal ) then the meanings are strengthened .
tr	PRES	He chalked it up to that adult gene again .
tr	PRES	' Soon , very soon .
tr	PAST	I cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	The translation offers no sense of his mood , just interprets the sounds in a way my brain can process them .
tr	PRES	Gavin glares at Javi and then smiles back at me .
tr	PRES	No misses or you die .
tr	PRES	Holder stands up and walks into the living room without an explanation .
tr	PRES	He brings his eyes back up to meet mine .
tr	PRES	Were You on an adventure ? " "
tr	PRES	In two steps I was in his arms , my cheek resting against his muscled chest .
tr	PAST	" You are both late , " Giles accused .
tr	PRES	He offers his hand to help me cross over a concrete border , and I take it , closing my mind to spare myself pain .
tr	PRES	She kills you in your sleep .
tr	PAST	Lola ambled to her desk , and pulled out a sheet of paper .
tr	PAST	Finally , Jason rumbled , " Are you okay ? "
tr	PAST	Staying on her hands and knees , she crawled to the other side of the wall and looked down into Gettysburg .
tr	PAST	Irene Strait attended church faithfully , not far from where they lived , in Prospect Heights , Illinois .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head and scrunched his brow , not following me .
tr	PRES	" She loves you , Connor , and I 've known you long enough to know that you 're in love with her as well . "
tr	PAST	His hands fidgeted with his horse reins .
tr	PAST	A moment later , she flung her napkin furiously onto her plate and walked over to the sink .
tr	PRES	" He deserves representation , Reacher . "
tr	PRES	I peek at their table and Taylor Williams , head cheerleader , a.k.a. the ringleader of the dumb squad , glares me down .
tr	PAST	I slapped at myself , trapping a lump of something in a fold of cloth beneath my arm .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to the side .
tr	PAST	Hart selected two cigars from his humidor and handed one to David .
tr	PRES	A hero never causes undue harm to anyone -- even villains .
tr	PRES	" I thought you were dead , " I murmur without moving my feet .
tr	PAST	Buxom Makeup Girl risked a smirk .
tr	PAST	With their sorcery , they created trolls : hulking beasts which served them in war .
tr	PRES	That also causes the anxiety . "
tr	PRES	No shape-shifting tricks . "
tr	PAST	This was Darling 's fault , she fumed .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head back , as if enjoying the feeling of sun on his face .
tr	PAST	Chandler scoffed at that , pushing for her to order something more , so she settled on a side order of fries .
tr	PAST	She froze in place , staring at him .
tr	PRES	I dreaded walking over to the phone .
tr	PRES	It helps set the tone I was mentioning to you earlier . "
tr	PRES	Lance opens his mouth and fires his main cannon , a high-energy pulse cannon .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I also seem to recognise him from somewhere , " Michael exclaimed . "
tr	PAST	" I love cooking and this is a beautiful place to work , " she marveled .
tr	PAST	She defended the base .
tr	PRES	" Don 't forget the Boy Scouts uniform , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Emma nuzzled into his shoulder , feeling better .
tr	PAST	Marlo sped the plane down the little runway , bouncing over ruts , then lifted off without much of a bump .
tr	PAST	Altair faltered a moment .
tr	PRES	My mother freezes too and for a moment , I see uncertainty in her eyes , a hesitant waver .
tr	PRES	A few ranch princesses , too .
tr	PAST	Genie stated , wishing she could just spear the greedy bastard .
tr	PAST	As if on cue , a cluster of Trojan Devices rocketed over our heads .
tr	PAST	One of the knights flicked at Cesare 's horse 's rump , and it started forward at a trot .
tr	PRES	Her frown holds for a moment , and then her face softens .
tr	PRES	" Sydney , " she tries again , this time gently pulling my chin from her chest .
tr	PAST	I crawled to an end table , pulled myself up , took a step , fell to one knee , got up again and stumbled out .
tr	PAST	Then she caressed his cheek .
tr	PAST	She stomped onto the sidewalk and brushed by Abe without the slightest hint that she even noticed him .
tr	PRES	- " Definitely a 1 ... " she whispers sadly , fingering one of my blouse buttons .
tr	PRES	" We have to go on foot from here , " Dax states , as he pulls the bike to a halt .
tr	PAST	The woman revealed that she knew she would marry the man who would become her husband .
tr	PAST	" Taking a pretty girl to a bar isn 't that big a deal , " he reassured me again , trying to bolster my spirits .
tr	PAST	" No , " Walt countered , " I want you to know .
tr	PRES	" Barbs and Arabs , the two most popular riding horses , originated from North African stock .
tr	PAST	Sean , stung by his own negligence , leaped from the bed in one graceful movement .
tr	PRES	We arrive back in Dog Walk City just as the sun is starting to crest the skyline .
tr	PRES	He loves her . "
tr	PAST	She jolted out of her shocked stupor and automatically reached for her shampoo .
tr	PRES	He tries to stiffly a giggle .
tr	PRES	Stay right where you are , " I mutter against Mack 's mouth .
tr	PAST	Again the spider sensed the movement .
tr	PRES	Max never misses a beat .
tr	PAST	She shrieked his name and ran for the open door , ready to scream at him , grab at him , claw at him .
tr	PAST	Grandpa slapped his hand down on the arm of the wheelchair .
tr	PRES	' No , not that I recall .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the musty smell and blinked back sudden tears .
tr	PRES	" They ' l kil us al if they find us . " "
tr	PAST	She dared to look up at the last moment and caught him watching her .
tr	PRES	He pushes me , then throws a punch .
tr	PAST	A few spiders dared to move into the steel .
tr	PAST	He lands on my shoulder , awaiting instructions .
tr	PRES	He stops at the eighth one , and the gate clicks open .
tr	PAST	He replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	But before I make it there , Lynn approaches me .
tr	PAST	A ripping sound , like Velcro , split the silence .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Poorly done stitches crisscrossed his face and reattached his swollen eyelid , running like railroad tracks across a map .
tr	PAST	Amy doubted that the solution was that simple , but , however it happened , the Vampires were cooperating .
tr	PRES	I divert my eyes towards the stage , looking for a distraction and to keep the blush at bay .
tr	PRES	Scanning the beach , she sees several pirates , searching every inch .
tr	PAST	Cameron bore a deep scar on his cheek , evidence of his former unhappiness .
tr	PAST	We eyed each other for a few heartbeats of silence before she turned and rustled across the cavernous room and out the door .
tr	PRES	" Miss me , Love ? "
tr	PRES	We open presents early in this family . "
tr	PAST	The wind strengthened into a howl .
tr	PRES	I punch the slug but my fists make little impact , merely sink into the gooey , sticky layers of its body .
tr	PAST	I froze his body with magic .
tr	PRES	Tack reaches out to steady her , barks , " Hey ! "
tr	PRES	Thanks to some mistletoe mischief in the form of their two young daughters and Santa , they discover Mistletoe Rules were not made to be broken .
tr	PAST	She squinted and blinked several times , as if she was deciding .
tr	PRES	" Me , too , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	It shattered , and he climbed into the car .
tr	PRES	Maureen hates mixed breeds too and that is another reason she cannot stand Anthony .
tr	PRES	" I confess that I do not feel much sympathy for him .
tr	PRES	" No librarian ? "
tr	PAST	Jane hopped off the bike .
tr	PAST	Someone else giggled next to Naomi , and Aria was pretty sure she knew who that was , too .
tr	PAST	Once I had my photos , I split the screen and put them both up .
tr	PAST	When she saw him , she squealed again and ran toward the stairs .
tr	PRES	Elijah holds out his palm .
tr	PRES	She sighs , and appears relieved .
tr	PAST	She feared that he was waiting too long and might not be able to live , to breathe , to merge completely with her .
tr	PRES	Push more there . "
tr	PAST	He proved to be a good companion .
tr	PRES	" I 'll never ever regret anything I do with you , " he breathes into my ear .
tr	PAST	" Forbid her , " Hart said , words clipped .
tr	PAST	They crawled up through the hole to find the ramps that led down to the cavern that they had been working in earlier .
tr	PAST	Bits of torn seaweed from the river bottom washed up in the froth .
tr	PRES	" In a Honda . "
tr	PAST	She acted like that the entire trip .
tr	PAST	There she cowered , listening .
tr	PRES	We each shout goodnight out of turn then just sit there staring at one another as though the planet were about to explode .
tr	PAST	He accompanied them on trips which didn 't interfere with his schooling but at other times he was happy to stay with family while they were away .
tr	PRES	She lets go of my arm and marches up the path , winding around the tree , and then steps up to the opening .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes again .
tr	PRES	" A silver bullet . "
tr	PAST	Shifting back to his human form , he inhaled deeply when he realized her scent was stronger tonight than it had been last time they met .
tr	PRES	Jack whispers to me , " Shelby has a crush on him . "
tr	PRES	All the widows and orphans too . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " Elizabeth whispers beyond the door .
tr	PRES	" Aurora ... please , " he begged .
tr	PRES	The intensity radiating from Max mirrors what I feel burning inside of myself .
tr	PRES	MacKenzie stops laughing suddenly and her mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	" Run in place on the platforms , " April advised .
tr	PAST	He regained his strength and acuity , dropping the book reflexively , and the flames died down .
tr	PRES	" Then , we wove our spell . "
tr	PAST	I don 't want to change my hair color , " I screeched .
tr	PRES	" Gold albums maybe ? "
tr	PRES	He brings one of his hands to my face , still guiding me with his other hand on my waist .
tr	PAST	For a long time , I battled with my parents about getting up for school .
tr	PRES	" Cammie , " she said , impatience ringing through her voice .
tr	PRES	" I 'm tired of trusting you , Ash .
tr	PAST	Eventually , he stormed past Carl , avoiding eye contact , and walked with his shoulders hunched towards the barn .
tr	PRES	Sean felt the wildcat in him wanting to come out , his claws sprout on his fingers .
tr	PRES	He lets the words hang in the air .
tr	PRES	He stood tall and elegant , his sensual features carefully expressionless .
tr	PAST	The outcome of the beauty contest was that within few days , I received huge number of proposals from my classmates and seniors , and from outsiders .
tr	PRES	That sensuous , mesmerizing voice .
tr	PRES	At the sound of the tone to leave a message he disconnected the call .
tr	PAST	It provided the city with the fullest measure of the desired isolation .
tr	PRES	I shout after him .
tr	PRES	" Just stay safe yourself , ok ?
tr	PRES	Being willing to help where needed sometimes opens doors to miracles . "
tr	PRES	Bernard hooks the necklace around his neck and gives a quick squint at the metal plate , before tucking it under his black t-shirt .
tr	PAST	As we reached the table he motioned for me to sit .
tr	PAST	" No , you 're nothing like your father , " she grunted with a bark of a laugh .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	" Please , forgive me , " she wept .
tr	PAST	Sheriff reported that the district security guard was found dead in the Miss River downstream .
tr	PAST	Savannah exhaled , a breathy little laugh escaping .
tr	PRES	Because I failed Maggie .
tr	PRES	But definitely not too weary .
tr	PAST	The scorpion crawled up the sole of her shoe and onto her ankle .
tr	PAST	Across the foyer , James 's mother elbowed his sister and they hurried her way .
tr	PRES	He points at Micha 's car and then one of his friends mockingly waves .
tr	PAST	course , " Kate joked with a winsome smile .
tr	PAST	The helmets bore a likeness to Sand Dragons and would strike fear into the heart of an enemy .
tr	PRES	Just then , an email alert pops up on the monitor , and Timothy pauses his work to read it .
tr	PAST	" Very important business , " Thor urged , hoping the soldier would not press him .
tr	PAST	One corner of his mouth curved higher .
tr	PAST	Nor any warm blooded man for that matter . "
tr	PAST	He exhaled hard , and though she could see this was difficult for him , she needed more than a surface explanation .
tr	PAST	Yet still the secret eluded them .
tr	PAST	When she thought he wouldn 't speak again , he exhaled .
tr	PAST	" Elaborate on what you just said , " the former Mossad man urged him .
tr	PAST	He stripped the rest of her clothes off , his hands running along her flesh while his avid gaze fol owed .
tr	PAST	Wine sloshed against his boots .
tr	PAST	The tips of his fingers caressed my throbbing blossom and I felt a wanton need fill my whole body .
tr	PAST	I entertained no hard feelings toward the man .
tr	PRES	" Grow up , " Shark snorts , then looks down at me .
tr	PAST	He preferred hiring a villager to do the work for him .
tr	PAST	Four years and over eighty thousand dollars later the doctors announced that the couple fell into the category of " unexplained infertility . "
tr	PRES	Abe opens the glass door and holds it for me .
tr	PRES	She chuckles , " He can have any girl he wants . "
tr	PRES	He rises to meet me and pulls me into a deep , strong hug .
tr	PRES	Mel flips the driver off and bobs and weaves through the cars like a race car driver .
tr	PRES	" How to dive . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles , telling me to finish my dinner .
tr	PAST	Holland 's smile waned .
tr	PAST	His eyebrows inched up his head and I grinned .
tr	PAST	The humour 's body convulsed twice then crumpled to the floor .
tr	PRES	Now her words threaten everything we worked for . "
tr	PRES	What if she flips out on us or something ? "
tr	PAST	Iseo riveted her attention on the midwife .
tr	PRES	" That explains how you know me , what it does not explain is why you followed me to this place . "
tr	PRES	' They provide us with information , as you know .
tr	PRES	She deserves destruction in the most hideous of ways . "
tr	PRES	" Should 've shorted the damned thing , " French mumbled .
tr	PAST	She braced her feet apart , preparing for war if Reyes had changed his mind about taking her to see Aeron .
tr	PAST	But -- " Alexander withdrew his arm .
tr	PRES	" I know everything you think , " I murmur , despair settling in my chest .
tr	PAST	Lillian dumped the sliced pepper into a bowl .
tr	PRES	Time ticks by , and then , from beyond the door I hear sounds ... .
tr	PAST	I flung the energy at him and picked him up off of the floor .
tr	PAST	The glow dimmed when she repeated the highlights from the private talk she and Felix had had .
tr	PAST	She wagged a finger vaguely in the direction of the incident , now miles away .
tr	PRES	" But ... you 're a student . "
tr	PRES	" You belong here .
tr	PRES	Maybe a creek . "
tr	PAST	He tidied up and did a few household chores only when Tessa took a firm stance about it .
tr	PRES	They were training and being tested in various formations , some throwing spears , others hurling javelins , a few practicing their grips on lances .
tr	PRES	Serena releases the sea urchin and the wolf eel consumes it in one swallow .
tr	PAST	I slowed our rhythm , going to my zipper , wanting my dress off .
tr	PAST	The white marble statue softly reflected dozens of flames .
tr	PAST	Progress slowed and even more energy was expended to move forward .
tr	PRES	" Nothing in Flattery 's collection matches these for quality . "
tr	PRES	" That coin ! "
tr	PRES	He flips it over and slides my sleeve up , then twists my wrist back and forth .
tr	PAST	" Because for fifteen years I blamed myself for my Nanna 's death .
tr	PRES	Claire tries to talk to her but Abby doesn 't seem to want to let her get close .
tr	PAST	I wept for all that was lost , I wept until I heard a noise on the stairs behind me .
tr	PRES	' Oh , what a shame , it looks like we have to turn back , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and gasped in shock as his fangs sank in , down into the soft flesh .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled at her in response .
tr	PAST	With irritation , she slapped a five dollar bill down on the counter .
tr	PAST	I tousled the top of her hair .
tr	PRES	He angles his hand and knocks back the rest of his drink then slams the glass down so hard it cracks up the side .
tr	PRES	" I get it , " Tim mumbled to himself .
tr	PRES	" Fuck , fuck , fuck ! "
tr	PRES	" Of course I am , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" High yield concussion grenade ! "
tr	PAST	Scott charged into the house and did a double take .
tr	PRES	Steve Leonard , or find a clue which ?
tr	PRES	Hysteria pushes its way through my veins .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth massaged her temples with her thumbs .
tr	PRES	We still sing the ballads ! "
tr	PRES	Sleep and dream of a new future , because tomorrow night it begins .
tr	PAST	Heading straight toward the bed , she slowed when she saw it was empty , the covers tossed back and wildly askew .
tr	PRES	" I think they assumed sister means family , " sister Joseph mumbled under her breath .
tr	PRES	You and me in the asteroid booth again ? '
tr	PAST	Seth charged up the stairs , kicking up dust with each step , leaving footprints on the dingy carpeting .
tr	PAST	" You 've got to be kidding , " Mary slapped her playfully .
tr	PRES	Aldershot never misses again and again . "
tr	PRES	Sean pushes once more , hard , and holds .
tr	PRES	" I welcome your company , " Womack opens his eyelids then smiles at Tarn .
tr	PRES	She wears the customary black warrior 's outfit with belt and pouch .
tr	PAST	Barlow 's barking laugh subsided , but his heavy shoulders kept heaving .
tr	PAST	He yawned and stretched out his arms and legs .
tr	PRES	The creases between his eyebrows deepen .
tr	PAST	Marissa pretended to check her watch , making me laugh a little .
tr	PAST	Drivers who didn 't steer for the shoulder smashed into the cars that were blocking the highway .
tr	PAST	He plunged the needle into my arm and pressed the syringe down slowly .
tr	PAST	Alfie emerged from under the blanket , blinking in the evening sun .
tr	PAST	In flip-flops again despite the cold , rainy December day , she jumped a puddle with angelic grace and half jogged , half skipped to her car .
tr	PAST	They sped off to resume their position on the outside .
tr	PAST	Amy , Juliet and Truth accompanied her , one held a rifle , the other two had binoculars glued to their eyes watching the waves .
tr	PAST	" He 's just a friend , " she lied .
tr	PAST	My uncle will recover , " he stated with confidence .
tr	PAST	Once the money landed on Grand Cayman , a lawyer on board handled the required payoffs to Cayman customs and to the appropriate banker .
tr	PAST	" He looks like the perfect Andrew cure , " Hanna urged .
tr	PRES	" Don 't tell me it doesn 't work , sweetie .
tr	PRES	" I assume you still want me to go along ? "
tr	PRES	" Well , once the Court grants me judgment I 'll send over a U.S. Marshall to collect the money .
tr	PAST	Finally , her arms snaked over his shoulders and she buried her face against his throat .
tr	PRES	" I turned on some of Sandor 's old programs the other day , " Nine explains .
tr	PRES	" You idiot ! "
tr	PRES	Looking around , Pierre finally points , " Yes , over there .
tr	PAST	Showering and dressing in record time , Jamie skipped makeup except for the basic blush , mascara , and lip gloss , and bolted out the door .
tr	PRES	" ... Love . "
tr	PAST	He doubted that she would ever see him the same way again .
tr	PAST	Stumbling from the bed , she swooped up her things , stuffing items into a bag .
tr	PRES	First Rachel and now Allen .
tr	PRES	Her father , repeating we 're completely safe , Janelle , over and over until it made her want to throw up .
tr	PRES	Let 's dance , " Daphne said , grabbing Carson 's hand .
tr	PRES	" Wouldn 't it be nice to let the new girl settle in before you begin the torture ? "
tr	PRES	Probably sipping cocktails while they waited for their table .
tr	PAST	" Me too , " Delilah announced while giving nothing away .
tr	PRES	He got up to go after her , but Zarah stopped him , her hand resting against his forearm .
tr	PAST	I felt the heat rise into my face and my heart beat rapidly , his tone disclosed the presence of not altogether wonderful news .
tr	PAST	He unfolded to his full height and crossed the floor to me .
tr	PAST	I charged straight for Marcus but she quickly came between us and gripped both of my hands .
tr	PAST	Misty acted much older than Dougal , but humans matured quickly .
tr	PRES	I waver , unsure what the right thing to say it .
tr	PAST	You and I attended the same charity thing a couple of years ago .
tr	PAST	When she switched into her fastest mode , the frenzy of blades and spears slowed .
tr	PAST	After church , I hopped in my truck and followed Jules home .
tr	PAST	I dismount , not bothering to wait for a groom .
tr	PAST	Serena slowed the car to a stop next to a large tangle of trees .
tr	PAST	As they watched , a man emerged from the tunnel , looking as tiny as an ant from where they were .
tr	PRES	He stands directly behind me .
tr	PRES	Above my head , a full moon shone in a cloudless sky .
tr	PAST	After all , you defeated someone who was getting ranked before you .
tr	PRES	" What sorts of problems ? "
tr	PRES	He smiled softly , his green eyes gleaming .
tr	PAST	He tugged the laces that held up her sweatpants .
tr	PRES	Hailey stands , discarding the sponge and her gloves in a small bag , and double knotting the bag 's opening .
tr	PAST	Ink motioned for him to get up .
tr	PRES	My head rises and lowers with Trent 's deep breath .
tr	PRES	He folds up his newspaper , seeming skeptical .
tr	PAST	She grunted softly and adjusted .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't it scare you ? "
tr	PRES	Turns out that I chose my engagement ring when I was just seventeen years old .
tr	PRES	Jack misses him so much .
tr	PAST	" I really am sorry , Josh , " I reiterated .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it awful ? "
tr	PRES	Finally , her head falls against my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Charlotte chided him and reached for my hand .
tr	PRES	Skyla returns my kisses with fervor .
tr	PAST	Her mind churned through the mystery of the meteorite , and , most recently , the dead room conversation with Pickering .
tr	PRES	Roland reclaimed his hand and stuffed it in his robe 's pocket .
tr	PRES	" Got it , Coach .
tr	PRES	" Greg of Greg 's Pizza ' n Pies .
tr	PAST	Her hands itched to touch his broad , muscular chest .
tr	PAST	Gabriella eyed me wearily .
tr	PRES	" Easy , Kayla , " Aiden breathes in my ear .
tr	PRES	He climbs the rampart and strides to the lookout .
tr	PRES	He loves high school girls , if you know what I mean .
tr	PAST	You referred to yourself as Rachel .
tr	PAST	" Not a chance - " Hank rises to his feet .
tr	PAST	Soon quiet prevailed in the formally urban areas of the eastern United States .
tr	PAST	Something rustled in the bushes .
tr	PRES	She stopped walking , her hiking shoes ankle deep in the snow .
tr	PRES	She stands up for herself .
tr	PRES	That explains all the recent hang-ups and anonymous threats .
tr	PAST	Jon upended his mug .
tr	PRES	" When I saw the note and what it said , I confronted Vivian about it .
tr	PRES	' Here , ' she whispers , as she slips something into my hand .
tr	PAST	Nate exited his e-mail program , left his laptop on the table and took his cell phone outside .
tr	PAST	While he did not write papers on extraterrestrial life , he speculated privately in letters to friends that life existed out there .
tr	PAST	He claimed that I forgot our lovemaking the next morning ; that I was somehow blocking it psychologically . "
tr	PAST	That perked me right up .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head to the south .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you and this is what you do to me ? "
tr	PRES	She destroys guys and ... I like Logan .
tr	PAST	The scent reassured her .
tr	PAST	Ben slowed down , " Hey Billy ... I need you to run from here on out , okay buddy ? "
tr	PRES	Mona giggles as she settles into his massive lap and begins rubbing her right hand up and down his iron hard and sweaty chest .
tr	PAST	It was you guys coming and collecting water , " Jenny surmised .
tr	PAST	He dialed a number , held the phone to his ear , and laid the other hand against the glass .
tr	PAST	Katie collapsed on the sofa , exhausted yet still completely wound up .
tr	PRES	" And this Mrs. Francis , she 's not on The List correct ?
tr	PAST	I twirled his grey chest hairs between my fingers .
tr	PAST	He washed the dishes before he ran out of cups , which Greg had never understood .
tr	PAST	A dirty feather duster on four legs bounced feverishly about his bare ankles .
tr	PAST	She eyed the bench and , for the first time , noticed that the way the Council was arranged seemed ... unbalanced .
tr	PAST	As they were in an elevated spot , a beautiful panorama now unfolded before their eyes , allowing them to see for miles off in the distance .
tr	PRES	" That pretty much sums it up . "
tr	PAST	Rennie 's fingers caressed the back of her head .
tr	PAST	Benji scooted out from under his car and petted Snuggles .
tr	PAST	My body stiffened as a feeling of foreboding came over me .
tr	PRES	He stares wide-eyed at the words in his journal .
tr	PAST	A thick layer of cloying smoke extended from the ceiling almost to the floor , making him gag .
tr	PAST	It tipped forward , dumping pencils , pens , compasses , and various other charting tools onto the wrestling duo , who paused in surprise .
tr	PRES	Ten minutes later , we settle in my quarters .
tr	PRES	" As in ... the Ripper ?
tr	PRES	She likes the power .
tr	PAST	They navigated the open stairs with care , taking one step at a time and holding onto the handrail and each other .
tr	PRES	" Right , scotch and soda and some peanuts . "
tr	PRES	She likes him . "
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his nose against hers .
tr	PAST	He acted as though he cared about her .
tr	PAST	The arrow zipped through the air .
tr	PRES	I wipe away his tear with my thumb and I do the only thing I can think to do because I have no idea what to say .
tr	PRES	" I 'll do my best , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	It helps a little .
tr	PRES	Probably looking for something to eat , poor pup .
tr	PAST	" Guilty as charged . "
tr	PAST	Next , the kitchen sink , Marie 's head propped upon the edge to get her hair washed .
tr	PAST	He dismissed it and headed off and I drank another glass of cold water .
tr	PAST	She denied it , but the jury all looked back and saw Mrs. Conklin in the general vicinity .
tr	PRES	" G stands for Gideon , and A stands for Abigail .
tr	PRES	Before we reach the kitchens , a servant stops us .
tr	PRES	" Hopefully it 's not a grey day , " I mumbled , and he smacked my butt again .
tr	PRES	A great mother loves them regardless .
tr	PRES	The main doors to the school open and a woman enters .
tr	PAST	She yawned behind her hand .
tr	PRES	" What if she says no and then dumps me ? "
tr	PRES	He chuckles and opens the door into a huge bedroom .
tr	PRES	He wove lightning and blue fire from the air .
tr	PRES	Julianne 's request . "
tr	PRES	I strain to make small talk .
tr	PRES	Part One ) and carries on seamlessly and concludes with Part Two : Free to Infect , First to Die ( 21st Century Pirates Inc. .
tr	PAST	Hiro gritted his teeth before looking at Soul .
tr	PAST	He lied to everyone else at base , saying that it was just a final search for supplies in an area we 'd already stripped clean .
tr	PAST	I steered the roadster onto the road and drove off .
tr	PRES	She brings up a weapons inventory and tries to study the information scrolling in front of her eyes .
tr	PRES	Nicholas pops up from behind the ultrasound and I gasp unable to contain the horror at how close he is to the twins .
tr	PAST	As I reached behind me to start braiding my hair , Dex propped his ankle on the opposite knee .
tr	PAST	I slew two thousand with Samson and was blinded with St. Paul on the road to Damascus .
tr	PRES	Snow falls through the broken glass ceiling .
tr	PRES	He describes thirst as the perpetual sensation of trying to burp , the consuming despair that there 's a pit clogged in your closing throat .
tr	PAST	He exhaled on a rush of air .
tr	PAST	Haworth 's breath tickled Hugh 's ear and a delicious shiver ran down his spine .
tr	PAST	As she turned , one of the men who had been hovering nearby leaped forward to meet her .
tr	PAST	Before he hit the ground , his entire body transformed to a massive tiger .
tr	PRES	" So , official version , " she begins , as we cross the dirt road .
tr	PAST	Shelton pondered for a moment .
tr	PRES	My voice cracks , and I hate that it does .
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to hide a laugh but fails due to the absurdity of the statement .
tr	PRES	" Well , she normally wears a size 6 or 8 , so I 'm thinking get an 8 or 10 . "
tr	PAST	Amalia bore the distinct resemblance of Pharaoh saying no to Moses .
tr	PRES	Rian pops into my head .
tr	PAST	When I slide my hand under her chin to lift her face and she twists away , I clue in and mentally kick myself .
tr	PAST	The sweet smile mesmerized him and he didn 't want her to leave .
tr	PAST	You never lied to yourself . "
tr	PAST	I also doubted it would have anything to do with Adrienne 's case , because that was getting nowhere fast .
tr	PAST	She shuffled toward the sound of the flute , the light .
tr	PRES	Elliott considers Will with a half sneer on his face .
tr	PAST	He sobbed for a while until he wasn 't even sure anymore what he was crying about .
tr	PAST	The menacing outer appearance of Bo appealed to Garcia while scaring others .
tr	PRES	" You goin ' to the dance tonight ? "
tr	PAST	He emerged and stood looking at the little party of refugees standing above him on the quay .
tr	PRES	She wears no regalia , no finery .
tr	PAST	" I love you , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	The package bore no return address .
tr	PAST	Digging his hands into her hair , he tugged , pulling her head back .
tr	PRES	" So , what are your plans this morning , Sunshine ? "
tr	PAST	All of his heavy weight bore her into the mattress as they strained together .
tr	PRES	I assume that your fiance will be on hand to care for you ? "
tr	PAST	I click on my favourite song by them .
tr	PRES	I lug my shoulder bag down the university 's cobbled pathway toward the student union building .
tr	PRES	I just tune it all out .
tr	PAST	He eyed the disarray of white furs and shells .
tr	PRES	Elliott climbs to his feet .
tr	PAST	Meg cocked her head to one side .
tr	PAST	The jock screeched an unworldly scream and charged towards me .
tr	PRES	Not ten feet from him , a young couple talks in an embrace .
tr	PAST	However , after circling the stand a couple of times , the scientist 's face lightened and his crooked back straightened .
tr	PRES	He glances from his phone to the door to his phone again .
tr	PRES	' Elle ... ' he begins , apologetically .
tr	PAST	For this reason , the queen fled from the palace .
tr	PRES	I scramble out of my seat behind her .
tr	PAST	A warning buzzed in the back of his head .
tr	PRES	Giant killer robots detach from the walls and streak to the attack .
tr	PRES	Maybe - " I 'll drive , " Sasha offers .
tr	PRES	I wiggle like mad to free myself from the strong mans grip .
tr	PRES	Then the anger and everything else distilled into one very primitive urge , and all he could think about was burying himself inside her .
tr	PRES	" You were jealous , " I teased and her determined gaze morphed into a bashful smile .
tr	PRES	Serena stops and turns back around , waiting .
tr	PAST	Clive flattened out underneath a tree while being circled by two or three other cats .
tr	PAST	" You put the magazine into its slot here , " he instructed while pushing it into the gun 's magazine shaft .
tr	PAST	He rapidly smacked it against a metal plate attached to the pipe and winced at the loud clanging that echoed all around him .
tr	PRES	Lila throws her empty packet in the trashcan before we pass through the double doors and hoists her bag onto her shoulder .
tr	PAST	" What triggered this ? "
tr	PRES	Just like those real-time flight tracker websites .
tr	PAST	They all pitched in and bought her a really nice recliner and a new cell phone .
tr	PRES	They bow their heads and chant in whispers .
tr	PRES	" That about sums it up .
tr	PRES	I add , remembering what Kyla had said in my dream .
tr	PAST	The details referred to Green Leaf Peaches .
tr	PRES	The morning sun shone painfully through the uncovered windows , forcing her to squint .
tr	PRES	" Although I could stand to watch him kick your ass again , Vega .
tr	PRES	The urine stank as it dried beneath him .
tr	PRES	" Can you describe the pickup ? "
tr	PAST	With his departure , my fury collapsed , leaving me confused and horrified .
tr	PRES	She lets out a big yawn , and I realize she 's been waiting for me for hours .
tr	PRES	She passes them to me with another apology .
tr	PRES	Sure , he likes her now , but once she tells him , then what ?
tr	PAST	As a babe he wriggled in the cradle of her arms , basking in the warmth of her smile even as tears fell upon his face .
tr	PAST	The morning news droned around me as I toasted a bagel , slathered it with cream cheese , and settled in to eat .
tr	PRES	" What brings you to Wilby ? "
tr	PRES	" Bye , " we blurt .
tr	PAST	Seven voices chimed in unison .
tr	PAST	Still , she battled a consistent riptide as she fought towards the pickup point .
tr	PRES	" So , I just shove them forward ?
tr	PRES	The Captain strolls then stands over my hair roots , again .
tr	PAST	He squinted at me .
tr	PRES	" Please , call me Loren . "
tr	PRES	Adam climbs down her knees like door steps as she 'd taught him to do to keep from further straining her back .
tr	PAST	I hollered , practically panting . '
tr	PAST	It proved just as deadly to the foe here as it had at the great city .
tr	PRES	She glances at Cordelia standing beside her , who wears her revealing burgundy garb even here , at the most important ceremony of her life .
tr	PRES	A dog 's frightened bark rent the air .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a deep breathe .
tr	PRES	Over the past two years , she " d come to know Ronan slowly .
tr	PAST	When she forced her muscles to relax , the pus retreated .
tr	PRES	" Never assume . "
tr	PAST	Elizabeth trusted him , too .
tr	PRES	" Not now , sweetie .
tr	PAST	But my flesh crawled when I pictured myself alone here with this frustrated man and his rope and his tape .
tr	PRES	I grumble and wait to hear the wonk wonk wonk again .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we kin staple it . "
tr	PRES	" What brings you down here at this time , My Lord ? "
tr	PRES	The blue jean jacket matches her pants and underneath the jacket I spot a gray tank .
tr	PAST	She stomped on the brake and killed the engine .
tr	PRES	Best I wash up before I eat . "
tr	PAST	She defended Henry relentlessly , even though none of us knew anything about him , but it was easy enough to figure out why .
tr	PRES	He removes the staples from the paper and begins scanning the list again .
tr	PAST	The fat nobleman scooted over with a nauseated expression , as the woman and child huddled together in fear and sat down .
tr	PRES	" So unlike her .
tr	PAST	My feet tensed , ready to run , but nothing happened .
tr	PAST	Michelle neared one of the three large windows facing them .
tr	PAST	You may leave us , " He announced .
tr	PRES	Charlie 's expression softens .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to do is morning rituals .
tr	PRES	The clouds bunch up above us , take on a steely tinge .
tr	PRES	Along the walls of the church , windows with colored glass shone with the sun .
tr	PAST	it rasped , tucking the camera into its robes .
tr	PRES	Trevor tries to hold my gaze in the rearview mirror again , probably hoping I 'll give him the okay .
tr	PAST	I perch over the hole into the icy water with some ice cubes .
tr	PRES	I ponder that option .
tr	PRES	" In spite of all that he loves me . "
tr	PAST	Some CEO he 'd turned out to be .
tr	PRES	But I snuck in a few glances at the windows and the individual shrines .
tr	PRES	He reaches around to the back of his neck and pulls the collar of his shirt over his head , taking it off .
tr	PRES	Francesca slides onto a stool at the counter .
tr	PRES	" This hold stretches all the way to the outer hull .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Bobo .
tr	PAST	Julian cocked a brow at him .
tr	PRES	He holds the cloak tightly and massages his shoulders vigorously , then makes his way whistling a cheerful tune .
tr	PAST	The other guard saluted him and moved before the crowd .
tr	PAST	Still , he cringed at her next words .
tr	PRES	" My hero ! "
tr	PAST	He wound a curl around his finger , then unwound it , watching my hair rather than looking into my eyes .
tr	PRES	" What about Alix ? "
tr	PAST	Sean presses a finger to the food and pushes it back to the table .
tr	PRES	The dark binds us and hides our sins .
tr	PRES	" Way to kill the mood , bro . "
tr	PRES	Logan parks high on the ridge behind an entire row of SUVs , minivans and sports cars .
tr	PRES	He sighs harshly and shakes his head .
tr	PAST	He clutched his hands at his side .
tr	PRES	" So relax . "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth as I considered just a few of the sights that I had witnessed upon scaling the confines of those four walls .
tr	PRES	He stares down at me .
tr	PAST	The way his father automatically dismissed Cheyenne bothered Joe .
tr	PAST	Her eyes revealed her lack of comprehension .
tr	PAST	" He can 't do that , " he stated , and replaced the handy pacifier .
tr	PAST	Knowing the problem with the attack , she regained some confidence in her plan and decided to use it in the next round .
tr	PRES	A strange sensation washes over me at her words .
tr	PRES	The same pictures , the same evidence , but somehow , four years later , the clues pile up and scream guilty .
tr	PAST	That sobered him and kept him from falling asleep long after she did .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved into a dry little smile .
tr	PAST	Calliope hugs him from behind , and I can 't really see her , but she sounds like she 's about to cry .
tr	PRES	Della dreaded going home .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted at her last statement , but she carried on unaware .
tr	PRES	" I 'm changing the locks today , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	" He punched me , " Cricket shrieked , his voice high-pitched and frightened .
tr	PAST	He smacked his hands together in glee .
tr	PRES	I always strive for perfection . "
tr	PRES	said Fluffy , his eyes gleaming .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the right and started walking .
tr	PAST	" And I 'll help coordinate , " Pia chimed in .
tr	PAST	She dove forward , driving the stake deep into the preacher 's chest .
tr	PRES	Little ripples on the surface giving hint to a direction .
tr	PRES	" That changes things . "
tr	PAST	The land bore no rumour of him , as if he had never been there at all .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the nameplate in the waistband of my jeans and rushed back into the office where I 'd come through the window .
tr	PAST	Sage thanked him , and the man left .
tr	PAST	He regarded her with a frown .
tr	PRES	To roam the tunnel maybe .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a bolt of lightning flashes across the water , striking the heart of the lake which is immediately set it ablaze .
tr	PAST	Civilians fled , only to be chased and cut down .
tr	PRES	" That 's what I 'd like to know , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	I prayed he didn 't feel my worry .
tr	PRES	He opens his door wider .
tr	PRES	Kyle breathes once before placing his hand on Joe 's tensed shoulder , and then never again after .
tr	PRES	" Bee nectar ? "
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes and turned into hysterics .
tr	PRES	Sadly , that amounts to knowing part of the alphabet and less than one hundred words .
tr	PAST	After a while , I didn 't know who was crazier -- him or me , " Mandy sobbed .
tr	PRES	As it stands now , Sectors rule supreme . "
tr	PRES	" You don 't have to apologize , Julianne .
tr	PRES	" I joined Lord Loss , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	He teased the rose down her arm , an innocent touch in comparison to others they 'd shared .
tr	PRES	He stops when he sees us standing there in silence .
tr	PAST	Gowns ceased to swirl .
tr	PAST	She barged through and slammed the door behind her .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a large key from his cloak and opened the double doors .
tr	PRES	In one deft motion , I ram my boot into his dick , crushing it .
tr	PRES	" The amulet holds a spell that will mask your presence from the demon . "
tr	PAST	Then , her entire body stiffened as if she too were realizing for the first time how stupid they 'd been .
tr	PRES	its thanks 2 u the fans that I have an awesome job .
tr	PAST	But she quickly regained control of herself .
tr	PRES	Just white magic and nature worship . "
tr	PAST	As though he could sense my hesitation , the lieutenant dismissed my concern .
tr	PRES	I feed the boiler when Gunner 's on watch .
tr	PRES	Just another weirdo . "
tr	PRES	It allows me to slip past the guards .
tr	PAST	" That goddamned sheriff . "
tr	PRES	He pans slowly over to me .
tr	PAST	The ghouls beside her grunted and shoved each other , trying to get closer to Declan and Willow .
tr	PRES	Here you arrive from the road of reminiscence , from the clutches of the past .
tr	PAST	Hawk countered with a question of his own .
tr	PRES	" And yet that changes nothing . "
tr	PAST	I reflected with ironic mirth that this loss was comparatively easy to bear .
tr	PAST	I protected him where I could and the rest was up to him .
tr	PRES	Alec kisses me on my cheek then pushes my bangs out of my eye .
tr	PAST	Hale , along with the rest of Adventure 's crew , served as jury .
tr	PAST	She chugged the rest of hers and then held her empty glass out for more .
tr	PRES	" In fact , I recall - " " I wasn 't myself , " she bit out .
tr	PRES	As soon as we enter , music begins to play .
tr	PAST	Daniel is moving toward me , his hand outstretched .
tr	PAST	Luckily , just at that very moment , Ava Jane emerged from the cavern and saw us .
tr	PAST	Jenny 's breath froze , first in horror at her father 's actions and then at the thought that Aunt Elinor might have been following his instructions .
tr	PRES	well , at least that fits me .
tr	PRES	I wanted to yell at him , " You can 't lose something you 've never had , you idiot !
tr	PRES	I dedicate this book to my son , Aiden .
tr	PRES	It disappears just as quickly as it came on .
tr	PRES	Marcus stares , and I stare back .
tr	PAST	His voice wavered , like he was hurt , but he didn 't fool me .
tr	PAST	A bell chimed playfully as he entered the parlor .
tr	PRES	" I notify the local police .
tr	PRES	The sight of him , willing and ready to sacrifice his life , causes something to flicker inside my mind .
tr	PRES	I hauled at his arm .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Miguel whispers when we reach a high enough branch .
tr	PRES	But ye like action better than speech , I ken . "
tr	PRES	He watches me closely , his chin resting on his hand .
tr	PRES	Oh yes , he loves you very much .
tr	PAST	He scrolled through it , and what he found made his mouth dry and his blood freeze .
tr	PRES	Pets of all kinds snuck to their owner 's beds .
tr	PRES	" Permission to go below , captain . "
tr	PAST	He lingered by the postbox about six feet away from Magnus and ate a sloppy Gray 's Papaya hot dog covered in chili .
tr	PRES	The girl stops and climbs the steps to another front door .
tr	PRES	Ketchup 's eyes flare .
tr	PRES	She sees him just lying there .
tr	PRES	Marshall pushes Gage back rather violently and takes his place .
tr	PRES	" How about this Saturday ?
tr	PRES	In the stained and filthy ruin the house had become , she shone like a pearl .
tr	PAST	He steered onto the asphalt .
tr	PAST	Charlie thanked the doctor and went back to the waiting room .
tr	PAST	In response the old man shuffled over , looking and moving as much like a zombie as ever .
tr	PAST	Silently she mourned those wasted days .
tr	PAST	He and John navigated around the broken caskets and tree limbs , reaching an enormous sinkhole just beyond the old Honeycutt crypt .
tr	PRES	" And he blames me for enabling Brian 's behavior . "
tr	PRES	He has been fascinated by technology for most of his life , and is passionate about the future and what mysteries it holds .
tr	PRES	My grandmother , of course , forgave me long ago .
tr	PAST	I merely represented a small company asking to become part of Travel , Inc. 's empire .
tr	PAST	When no one answered , Alexandra volunteered , " I 'm afraid you 'll have to knock more loudly .
tr	PRES	Daphne asked , pul ing off one of her pink gloves .
tr	PRES	Or knowing she loves you enough to let you see her without her makeup on or to kiss her before she brushes her teeth . "
tr	PRES	She pinches me this time , but she 's smiling .
tr	PRES	" ... brings you down here ? "
tr	PRES	" Projector cue one , ready .
tr	PAST	She writhed beneath him , his hands and mouth everywhere .
tr	PAST	They zipped around the curves of the narrow roads , feeling the wind in their loose hair .
tr	PAST	" All of these volunteers are identified with numbers , " he announced .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands , clutched them like a shield at her chest .
tr	PAST	He sat back down , his face troubled , looking at the floor as if for answers written in the stone .
tr	PRES	" Ooh , " Elena teased .
tr	PRES	He pushes his lips into mine .
tr	PAST	Michael plopped down on the bed with no more invitation than that .
tr	PAST	I dialed the house phone and listened as it rang .
tr	PAST	Julie giggled again , and Sylvia gave her a puzzled glance .
tr	PAST	" We should grab a beer sometime , Deano , " Ben hollered over the counter .
tr	PRES	He helps with whatever financial needs I have , whether it 's school , or a car , or whatever . '
tr	PRES	He draws some movement lines in the river .
tr	PAST	Adrian steered me away and called to the others , " Talk amongst yourselves . "
tr	PRES	Finally , I rip my gaze off the blood on the carpet and go back into my room .
tr	PAST	He solved problems with a lot of shouting at the supervised bird workers , hammer , welding rod and hacksaw .
tr	PRES	To use whomever she can and abandon whomever she can 't . "
tr	PAST	One problem solved ; however , I was still spinning out of control without direction .
tr	PRES	She tends to worry if she doesn 't hear from me . "
tr	PRES	" And what if he doesn 't just ... volunteer that information ? "
tr	PAST	I exited the room , but there was no Greyson and no Patsy waiting for me .
tr	PRES	If he never returns ? "
tr	PRES	" The honorable Elder Thine wishes to address you all in light of last night 's horrific encounter .
tr	PAST	Sheila pondered that question with dread and remorse .
tr	PAST	Its fist smashed the rocky ground in a synchronized wave , rattling the surroundings .
tr	PAST	" It 's probably the same wing that crashed into our warehouse door , " he surmised , and ran across to look inside .
tr	PAST	The thought still troubled him .
tr	PRES	Hayden automatically wraps his arm around my shoulders and leans his head against mine .
tr	PRES	I crouch to test the shallow edge of the water with my fingertips .
tr	PAST	" Stay , " his voice rumbled in her ear .
tr	PRES	As we 're having the picture taken , Vanessa pinches my butt .
tr	PRES	His hands were quick and soft , his throws sharper than mine .
tr	PRES	" May I assume , sir , that I have time to think it over ? "
tr	PAST	He crouched down on the porch and pulled Haven into his arms , softly shushing her as he glared at his father .
tr	PAST	I dared to ask .
tr	PRES	People snuck around to save their asses all of the time .
tr	PAST	He withdrew from the room , closing the door behind him .
tr	PRES	She opens up the door and allows Ethan in .
tr	PRES	" No doubt good-looking . "
tr	PAST	I yawned and stretched and shifted in my metal folding chair .
tr	PAST	She tugged her sleeve down , making sure it wasn 't visible to any of her classmates .
tr	PRES	Whatever fits their situation . "
tr	PAST	" You lied to me .
tr	PAST	The blond-haired eye candy ambled over with an adorable crooked smile .
tr	PRES	He likes to cut the hair of those he 's conquered and then strings them up for all to see .
tr	PAST	" John , " she sniffed .
tr	PAST	The old chimpanzee shuffled and herded him to a back corner .
tr	PRES	Within what you are now lies the seeds of your destruction . "
tr	PRES	He sneaks out to try and see me whenever he can .
tr	PAST	He defeated the student from the Midnight Shadow Clan with ease .
tr	PAST	He eyed my plate of food .
tr	PAST	She slapped his face .
tr	PRES	" There you are , Jade .
tr	PAST	Then , out of the blue , Cheyenne announced that Dylan had quit smoking .
tr	PRES	" Grace likes them , too .
tr	PAST	Then its fabric split and tore .
tr	PRES	Baby Jenks 's mother forgave Baby Jenks everything .
tr	PRES	Being the brave dog he was , Brutus padded his way over to the inert man , circling him to sniff at his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Miss Tessa ! "
tr	PAST	When he opened his eyes and looked at her , the intensity of his gaze bore into her soul .
tr	PRES	She stared up at him , her mouth agape .
tr	PRES	" Honey , why don 't you go check on Ima ?
tr	PAST	She attempted a harder verbal volley .
tr	PAST	I tensed a little as we got close .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Dawson eyed the cloak and forced her concern away .
tr	PAST	I thread my fingers through his hair .
tr	PRES	I sing of everything that 's wrong , and everything that 's right , of hope and death .
tr	PRES	Like a dark angel fixing oatmeal in your kitchen .
tr	PAST	" Char and I had plans that night , and she ditched me , " Emma lied , thinking quickly .
tr	PAST	The eagle circled high above them , almost invisible in the midwinter sun .
tr	PRES	+ + + + + " You are the Lieutenant Governor , right ? "
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	I justified it by knowing a few more credit card applications would soon appear , make today vanish into the financial twilight zone .
tr	PAST	The Viper in his driveway looking menacing even in the dim light of the streetlights .
tr	PAST	The strands floated out toward us in what was nearly a fan shape .
tr	PAST	The documents had been stolen with the car , it matched the police data which put the owner in London .
tr	PRES	You no longer exist for him . "
tr	PRES	Can I bury him in the hole ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged at the sleeve of her mother 's nightgown , which had a small coffee stain at its elbow .
tr	PAST	The man slapped his forehead for no reason other than he 'd seen people do it in the movies .
tr	PAST	My loving , teasing , Jack , suddenly withdrew and slammed into me hard .
tr	PAST	Little marks adorned strange spirals and curves .
tr	PAST	He prayed she had just wandered off .
tr	PAST	Kylie 's footsteps slowed .
tr	PRES	She points to the fresh-cut parrot tulips on display and quickly changes the topic .
tr	PRES	M pops it in his mouth and his pupils dilate as he has his visions .
tr	PAST	After breakfast we lounged in the living room , watching the television .
tr	PAST	Leah squealed and then did an interesting dance of excitement with Taylor .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " Nick mumbled turning to the elevator .
tr	PAST	He touches my cheek , forcing me to look at him .
tr	PRES	My mouth pops open with a million questions , but before I can ask any of them , Ethan appears by my side .
tr	PRES	It tends to stain clothing . "
tr	PRES	The grating lets out into the hold above and allows in a little light and air .
tr	PAST	Without attempting to crawl under the sheets , he flung himself across the bed .
tr	PRES	" That explains the trained cat .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , sarge .
tr	PRES	When Henry realized what had happened , he freaked out .
tr	PAST	I hooked my arms under his shoulders and pulled .
tr	PRES	Everyone reads , everyone hears things discussed .
tr	PAST	" And you phoned because ... " " Because I 've decided you can have Ellen 's DNA tested , but only under one condition . "
tr	PAST	Then she collapsed , panting and sweating .
tr	PAST	Neither risked telepathic or verbal communication .
tr	PRES	A sudden , fiery flash of hunger snaps my eyes open .
tr	PAST	Chapter 13 It didn 't take long before I proved myself wrong .
tr	PRES	Besides , the sooner she learns to behave the better . "
tr	PRES	The First Lord trusts him , or Gaius wouldn 't have given him command of five thousand armed men inside his own walls . "
tr	PRES	Very precious to me . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Cody mumbled into the giggles that came from Spade and Taylor .
tr	PRES	Amber rounds my neighbor 's bed .
tr	PAST	Adam toyed with the matchbook .
tr	PAST	' You don 't approve , ' I accused . '
tr	PAST	She urged the phone .
tr	PAST	He doubted whoever was barking orders would get them to charge again in a hurry .
tr	PAST	Lord Brogan 's deep chuckle rumbled softly across the space between them .
tr	PRES	He holds my knees out wide , opening me to him completely .
tr	PRES	She points to a stack of blankets in the corner .
tr	PRES	Something illicit and secret and wicked , because most people were doing much more public and constructive things at four thirty-five on a Saturday afternoon .
tr	PRES	The sky stretches pale but bright ahead , heat waves shimmering off the pavement in the distance .
tr	PRES	A blond haired girl enters my field of vision , the girl who killed Kyla .
tr	PAST	Two hours later , sitting on the sofa in my living room , I dialed the number on the slip of paper .
tr	PAST	Blood soaked between the cracks as well as into exposed surfaces .
tr	PRES	I hisses down through the grating , " It 's me , Mary , from Rooster Charlie 's gang . "
tr	PRES	" Well , hello there . "
tr	PAST	The man bore symbols of all of the Gods of Order upon his raiment .
tr	PRES	" They 'll play the national anthem for me , " she beamed .
tr	PAST	All the participants received a song sheet and a half hour to memorize it and sing it in front of the judges .
tr	PAST	The past tense definitely bothered Dios . '
tr	PRES	Not wanting to be the odd ball I join them as confetti falls .
tr	PRES	He stands up , clearly not wanting to talk anymore .
tr	PAST	" Hey , baby , " he crooned .
tr	PAST	I yell , looking in the direction of the exit .
tr	PRES	Approaching the toilet with trepidation fearing urinal infection she braced herself but experienced no extra discomfort whilst sitting with her head below her knees .
tr	PRES	Crewe enters somberly and shuffles around a few others without acknowledging me .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you to my end of the world ? "
tr	PAST	But that night with Jack , I dreamed .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward Comrade Drone who handed him a long , narrow cardboard box .
tr	PRES	It begins to tingle and itch in her veins and fill her mind with euphoric visions .
tr	PAST	Astrid crouched low behind a boulder as she waited for him to get close .
tr	PAST	He exited for Route 24 , descending down the ramp and turning left on W. Cimarron .
tr	PRES	I ticked it off as a milestone I didn 't want to do again .
tr	PRES	Alissa freaked me out sometimes the way she could read my mind .
tr	PAST	Pigeon squinted uncertainly at Trevor .
tr	PRES	" Aye , lass .
tr	PAST	Kimberley sniffed back tears .
tr	PRES	Recognition dawns on her .
tr	PAST	Charity twirled her finger through one of her pale blond curls as though she were flirting .
tr	PRES	He glances up at the holographic projections .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes to pick one girl and string her along until he decides to leave town . "
tr	PAST	With her mouth busy , she glided her hands down learning each ripple and ridge .
tr	PAST	She squinted and covered her hand over the flashlight to darken the way .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the chair across the room , one he had cleared for me , and sipped from his mug .
tr	PRES	I almost blurt out ' I doubt it , ' but bite my tongue , knowing that the comment won 't be helpful to him or me .
tr	PRES	For the first time she wasn 't being heedless .
tr	PRES	Her heart all but stops .
tr	PRES	" And that bothers you ? "
tr	PAST	True to form , he stiffened and she smiled because she was beginning to know him so well .
tr	PAST	Then he tipped his hat to Madeleine .
tr	PRES	That stalls my tongue .
tr	PRES	She smiled , her white teeth gleaming .
tr	PAST	When Tar found Angelica 's body , his sorrow deepened and he wept bitter tears and he cried out .
tr	PRES	I lean back against the struts of the bridge , as far away as I can get from Quinn without inciting him .
tr	PRES	Instinctively I whirl around just in time to see Mr. Owens smash his fist into Kayden 's face .
tr	PRES	" Does it involve computers ? "
tr	PAST	She doubted he had the knowledge or skill to destroy her completely .
tr	PAST	I froze and held my breath , terrified someone would notice me , but the two Alchemists I 'd followed never even turned around .
tr	PRES	" When I was with Melina a couple of weeks ago , she begged me to help her ' end it all ' .
tr	PRES	Cy draws to my side when we 're on the main level of the restaurant .
tr	PRES	He flashes me one last glance , before he ducks behind stage .
tr	PRES	She helps me by wiggling out of her wet jeans and then goes to work on mine .
tr	PRES	He slams the brakes , puts the car into park in the middle of the road , and turns around to face me .
tr	PRES	I gape at him .
tr	PAST	I hopped down from the table in the hospital gown and I straddled him .
tr	PAST	That night , I dreamed of a boy with wolf eyes , waiting to devour me .
tr	PAST	When he saw Jack he ceased abruptly and waited , ears sharply pricked , every muscle taut , while Jack got the door open .
tr	PRES	Connor slides the grate off a little bit at a time making some slight squeaking noises as he goes .
tr	PRES	I blurt out suddenly .
tr	PRES	He lies there , motionless , his face obscured by the helmet .
tr	PRES	But it fades from his face as I stare back into his brown eyes .
tr	PAST	Beth immediately perked up .
tr	PRES	I estimate additional one week on the NYT bestselling list if I use it as a new excerpt for the book . )
tr	PAST	Then he leaped down from my purse and trotted around , sniffing here and there .
tr	PRES	She glances at me , takes in my scowl .
tr	PRES	" Wait , I 'm coming , " mumbled Maya , half asleep .
tr	PAST	She flapped a hand toward the other side of the street .
tr	PAST	And those same astrologers served none other than Nimrod .
tr	PRES	" What about the assistant ? "
tr	PAST	He dialed the number to work and wondered to himself how far this was going to go .
tr	PRES	Jayne sipped her water , her eyes unblinking as if she might be holding back tears .
tr	PRES	" This thing only holds six people why in the hell did you send down that rope . "
tr	PRES	" Director Crowe ... a word . "
tr	PRES	Not sure what 's wrong , my semiotics module I think . "
tr	PAST	He replaced the flask , regarding her with a guarded gaze .
tr	PRES	She snaps her foot into Aria 's stomach , making her cry out with pain as she is forced over onto her back .
tr	PRES	The sound fades with the breeze .
tr	PAST	Ashe marveled at how quickly Winkler was able to get things done .
tr	PAST	She squinted for a moment , feeling the cool night breeze streaming across her neck .
tr	PRES	" What about that German sub ? "
tr	PAST	She flicked a quick peek back up the mountain , and then her gaze sharpened on a flash of pink .
tr	PRES	I bat my eyelashes .
tr	PAST	He blamed the whiskey , and those two wretched twins .
tr	PAST	He dialed a number .
tr	PAST	" The brothers fled home that night .
tr	PRES	" See , " he points .
tr	PRES	" What about spanking ?
tr	PRES	The sun shone weak around the edges of the heavy , drawn curtains .
tr	PRES	His great claws rip through the black fur and thick flesh , leaving five crimson fissures slashed across Trajan 's abdomen .
tr	PAST	In perfect form , not that he expected otherwise , she leaped from the plane .
tr	PRES	At the first turn , I urge the horse faster and into a breeze .
tr	PAST	" Closet , " Sheila stated , moving to the door and grabbing the knob .
tr	PRES	I begged him to come with me . "
tr	PRES	I lean back onto the fat oversized motel pillows for a moment .
tr	PAST	She quickly scribbled the name in her notebook .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and press a gentle kiss onto his scars .
tr	PRES	" And what if the silver stops working ? "
tr	PRES	Iron makes them sick , kills them with enough exposure .
tr	PAST	That vulnerability called to her , tugged at her emotions and , again , made her want to dig deeper ... which wasn 't fair .
tr	PRES	Slight redness shone on her shins where they banged into the van when her assailant pulled her in .
tr	PAST	Some , the leavings of a warrior named Hercules .
tr	PAST	But the droning noise of the thing bothered her .
tr	PRES	She clutches the keys in her hands and storms out the door , taking my hope with her .
tr	PAST	You received the highest marks in the Tippecanoe Rifles for land navigation and radio communication , but were a mediocre shot at best .
tr	PRES	The wood begins to shatter , with splinters sent scattering across the deck .
tr	PAST	The sea monster swam to the platform , her tails undulating gently , only her eyes and hair revealed above the surface .
tr	PAST	I restrained myself from smacking him with my gardening gloves .
tr	PRES	A look passes between Reginald , Andrew and Emma as Emma grabs my hand leading me back to the circle with Damian .
tr	PRES	I shout , clicking off the phone .
tr	PAST	Her fingers sought his , tangled and held on .
tr	PRES	Blake tries the door of the cell but it 's locked and unyielding .
tr	PAST	he enquired , smiling at Jared in a friendly fashion .
tr	PRES	" Help me , Elijah .
tr	PAST	Not wanting to reenact a scene from Night of the Living Dead , I hopped out and quickly followed him .
tr	PAST	Even when selling to his fellow townsfolk , he charged high prices .
tr	PRES	I hiss , feeling the burning in my middle .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Collins relaxes back in her chair and folds her hands over her lap .
tr	PAST	The guy still limped from the cut on his thigh .
tr	PAST	A few moments later the wings slowed , then stopped .
tr	PAST	My sharp , killer instincts sensed the gasping expressions on the twelve faces of the jurors .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his shoulders and glanced at me .
tr	PRES	My hand slides from the back of his neck to the part of his throat exposed by his shirt .
tr	PRES	Otherwise -- " " Allie . "
tr	PAST	" He lied to you . "
tr	PRES	" By telling me to ditch my clothes ?
tr	PAST	That prevented Jenny from crying , but she wasn 't convinced .
tr	PRES	After that I had no choice - " " Danny , " I half yelled , half begged .
tr	PAST	She clutched the knife , then ran out into it .
tr	PRES	Kol giggles flying into the air with Curios in the magic bubble .
tr	PRES	Feeling uneasy , she stops running and glances around nervously .
tr	PAST	" Bob phoned and suggested the four of us get together weeks ago .
tr	PAST	Kiara acted smart , adding to Jake 's plight .
tr	PRES	Thus any plentiful amount in the outflow from industry or other sources causes an undesirable green slimy algal bloom event .
tr	PAST	" It wasn 't supposed to be a deep question , " Alisa announced , puzzled that Cassandra was taking so long to answer .
tr	PAST	She giggled at the romance of it all .
tr	PRES	" What about your familiar , your ... egg ? "
tr	PAST	He propped the banjo up on his knees and began playing the theme song perfectly .
tr	PRES	" A dive . "
tr	PRES	" Now who do you look like , Janelle ?
tr	PAST	Meagan slapped Fiona 's arm .
tr	PAST	Here , Dale Street curved and Judd found himself at Artesia Boulevard .
tr	PRES	I got you in trouble , " she teased .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed her infirmity , because he suddenly scooped her into his arms and carried her over to the leather sofa .
tr	PAST	The coffeepot beeped then , announcing it was ready , and Nicole slid the keys into her pocket and quickly moved over to pour three cups .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " she mumbled as he laid her on the soft mattress and covered her .
tr	PRES	Duke points in the general direction of the parking lot .
tr	PAST	The new glass shattered with a really satisfying crash and he opened the iron grid in front of the door .
tr	PRES	Holding it in his hands , he clears his throat and begins to read aloud .
tr	PRES	" Maybe you can give him some pointers , " Sydney teased .
tr	PAST	I nearly cheered when I finally got his pants off , but instead , I kissed my way from his feet on up .
tr	PAST	The gun never wavered .
tr	PRES	The places that didn 't exist yet , but would become real in several consecutive futures .
tr	PRES	" You didn 't hear what he said , " she snaps .
tr	PAST	I tugged at my tie again and told myself to calm down .
tr	PAST	I jabbed my elbow into the door , indicating the mess in my apartment .
tr	PRES	She lets out a short scream as a hand in the darkness grasps her wrist and squeezes it tightly .
tr	PAST	She represented a travel group out of L.A. that often ran tours through the area .
tr	PAST	The robot secured the boat to an ancient sign which protruded from the beach sand .
tr	PAST	Pringle holstered his gun and turned to her .
tr	PAST	Hal leaped forward and grabbed a hold of her shoulder .
tr	PAST	He snaked an arm around her waist and lifted her from the tub .
tr	PRES	A voice hisses from behind .
tr	PRES	* * * I 'D JUST CLOSED the louvered doors that concealed the washer and dryer when I heard my smartphone ringing .
tr	PRES	I looked up sharply , my smile fading .
tr	PAST	asked Simon , looking completely puzzled .
tr	PAST	She presses me for more Ethan details , asking me why he couldn 't get off work to fly out with me .
tr	PRES	A lifetime ago . "
tr	PAST	She scooted her chair up next to Shotgun and took his arm .
tr	PAST	Joe roamed in front of her , periodically coming back as if to check on her , then going off on his own pursuits again .
tr	PRES	" Fishing buddy ! "
tr	PAST	Zane Garrett grunted as he pushed the table with his ass braced against the end .
tr	PAST	He attempted to end their conversation on an up note .
tr	PAST	She hacked through another rasping cough .
tr	PAST	Don 't stray from your target , " he urged again , knowing beforehand that it was not going to make any impact on her .
tr	PAST	It instead shattered and again sprayed me with debris .
tr	PRES	That brings in all the other problems : prostitution , theft , homicide .
tr	PRES	Abigail climbs up beside me and peers out .
tr	PRES	Barry shone the torch across dangling , web encased corpses ; they all appeared similar in size except for one .
tr	PAST	As we made our exit the great wooden structure finally collapsed in a cloud of splinters and dust .
tr	PRES	" What about from their fellow Citizens ? "
tr	PRES	" An advice column ? "
tr	PRES	" There , you see , Marley ?
tr	PAST	Amy dreaded the winter .
tr	PAST	He exhaled , trying to smile , but he didn 't like leaving me up here , alone , with David .
tr	PAST	Her body vibrated beneath his touch , every nerve ending aware of him .
tr	PAST	Grace swiped her head with a cushion , then giggled as her head buzzed from the wine .
tr	PRES	" Your favorite guest ? "
tr	PRES	Turning to the housekeepers he said , " And thank you , ladies , for the nice bed and for having my bath ready .
tr	PAST	She attempted a small smile , but she couldn 't help feeling that she was falling back inside herself , despite her best efforts to stay afloat .
tr	PRES	He tries to back up , probably so he can look at me , but I cling tightly to him .
tr	PRES	I 'd like you to taste it and tell me what is in it , ' I invite expansively .
tr	PAST	Both of them giggled like schoolgirls .
tr	PAST	Once they were sure Rose had made it safely to the ground , Titus , Zoe and Selena shimmied down rope ladders thrown over the side .
tr	PAST	Dario swallowed the next mouthful of breakfast washed down with black brew .
tr	PAST	He eyed me warily as we came in , then turned his attention to Kenzie once more .
tr	PAST	He thanked me for coming Thursday and said he 'd be in touch once he got back to campus , which I didn 't acknowledge .
tr	PRES	Even more responsible ? "
tr	PRES	Now fuck off so I can sleep . "
tr	PRES	He opens it to find his girlfriend standing before him in an elegant black dress .
tr	PAST	He quickly regained his regal manner and calm speech .
tr	PAST	Those without souls crouched in the dark waiting for an unsuspecting traveler who knew them .
tr	PRES	Cami scoots forward in the saddle to give me room , but when she relaxes , her butt is rubbing me in all the right places .
tr	PAST	The Jeep bounced along until he took a sharp turn around a boulder and stopped on the edge of a small clearing .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Stone , I believe I 'll let you harvest the apples tomorrow morning . "
tr	PRES	" Because I helped Amelie ? "
tr	PRES	Ron hauled her out .
tr	PRES	" Come and pet her , Katherine .
tr	PRES	" Elle , how old are you , twelve ? "
tr	PRES	" I thought something had happened to you , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He handled the powerful car with brilliant ease .
tr	PAST	Finally accepting the fact that pacing wasn 't going to hurry her any , he retreated into his bedroom and sat on the edge of the mattress .
tr	PAST	Then Amelia leaped from the other side of the car and darted over to us , tossing the contents of a Ziploc on his head .
tr	PRES	Healthy ego there . "
tr	PAST	Liz awoke the next morning feeling as if she hadn 't slept all night .
tr	PRES	I punch him in the face .
tr	PAST	" They eliminated the makeup for all the flash bulbs on my pretty smile . "
tr	PRES	I incline my head towards Isaac .
tr	PAST	No , his hat featured a rude cartoon of a hand with its middle finger up .
tr	PAST	He tried to sit up , the gentle hands suddenly replaced by strong calloused ones , applying more pressure to push him down .
tr	PAST	He flames merged into a pattern so intricate it appeared a jumble .
tr	PRES	" No , that horse belongs to the man who came to help Jack with the fence work today .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Masterson ? "
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you ladies aboard the Vision ? "
tr	PAST	Tavi had donned his armor so often , now , that he hardly needed to think about it as he put it on .
tr	PRES	Rachel releases a strangled " Humph . "
tr	PAST	Nicola 's knees collapsed .
tr	PAST	Furious with himself , he stuffed everything back in the trunk and slammed the lid in frustration .
tr	PAST	" Jennifer Mudd , " she stated .
tr	PRES	And those dim shapes movin ... ?
tr	PAST	Sylvia sensed it , and whispered a thank you .
tr	PRES	" What about the fire from the fingertips thing ?
tr	PRES	Jeff mumbled something about getting along fine , but no one was listening .
tr	PAST	Once there she hauled it open , loosened a few screws on the coil box , and threw it inside , slamming the firebox door shut after .
tr	PRES	I prop myself up on my elbows , my muscles protesting at the movement .
tr	PRES	" Growing up , whenever I was talking about our caste with my mother and your name came up , she changes the subject abruptly .
tr	PAST	" I have to use the restroom , " she announced crisply .
tr	PRES	" Seen tornadoes rip through the outskirts before , but never seen one tear through the middle of town like this . "
tr	PRES	" You really are a dirty old man , " I teased him waving it in his face .
tr	PAST	Kara crawled back into bed .
tr	PRES	The question is to which class the Law of Human Nature belongs .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but he ignored us for almost four years . "
tr	PAST	" She gave me many methods , " Cecily announced with enthusiasm .
tr	PRES	The idea of my extra sensitivity enabling random sensations to swamp me with no warning just freaked me out .
tr	PRES	And frankly , fish eggs ?
tr	PAST	His quick thrusts hauled him over the edge and then he was exploding , pouring his seed deep inside the writhing , moaning girl in his arms .
tr	PAST	The smell of both cigarettes and pot lingered heavily in the muggy night .
tr	PRES	" He didn 't make it to death , " she states like a mind reader .
tr	PAST	' How are you then , ' Cheryl inquired .
tr	PAST	Kelly hooked her arm inside Liza 's and nodded for Faith to go on ahead .
tr	PAST	Right now the possibility of long term import profits outweighed the alternatives .
tr	PRES	Forbidden booze tastes even better than legal stuff , although I find the whole concept of Prohibition quite ridiculous .
tr	PRES	He rips his eyes from the television , startled , and I wonder if he was even watching it or if he was dwelling in his thoughts .
tr	PRES	He loves you already because I do .
tr	PRES	With a nod , he eases fluidly out of the limo .
tr	PRES	Rounding the staircase leading upward , he passes massive cogs utilizing a river to power the gears .
tr	PAST	I operated in the darkest parts of Shane 's soul .
tr	PRES	" Gemma , don 't waste your time trying to fight me , " Helena 's voice snaps at me .
tr	PAST	They destroyed the library .
tr	PAST	James 's chest rumbled with laughter .
tr	PRES	" Nine , " Nick corrects him with a mouthful of bread .
tr	PAST	I motioned for Sofia to look towards the veranda .
tr	PRES	He touches my cheek and leaves .
tr	PAST	The lenses reflected the palm trees behind me .
tr	PRES	One force belongs to the priests .
tr	PRES	They absorb people 's feelings and their fears .
tr	PRES	She stops several inches from me and I see that she 's quite tall and quite stunning .
tr	PAST	A four by six foot mirrored window was placed a foot away from each door .
tr	PAST	He stuffed his hands in his back pockets and watched me expectantly .
tr	PRES	" Of course you do , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Howling up to the moon , he chased after the first person that wasn 't part of his pack .
tr	PRES	Timothy sees the shark he wants , as it navigates its way around the perimeter towards him .
tr	PAST	" I wrote out my letter of resignation , " he announced .
tr	PAST	She replayed her last encounter with Everett , searching for clues she 'd missed .
tr	PRES	He frowns , staring hard at my face as if he 's seen something that doesn 't make sense .
tr	PAST	Talbott produced a golden crown , bedazzled with all sorts of jewels , from who knew where and placed it respectfully on Kiran 's head .
tr	PRES	" You sure this is what you want , Jett ? "
tr	PRES	Finding none , Miguel and I swipe some bananas off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit .
tr	PRES	But I steel my spine and walk out the door .
tr	PRES	" I um , forgot my textbook at home . "
tr	PRES	It always brings good things along .
tr	PRES	Back home , where she belongs . "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you the one who likes horror movies ? "
tr	PRES	" Occupational hazard . "
tr	PRES	I shout as I toss the blanket to the back of the car and attempt to dress myself as swiftly as I can .
tr	PRES	Whatever it is , it 's hot , it tastes good , and it makes his stomach stop growling at him .
tr	PAST	It exploded into fine dust until there was nothing left of it .
tr	PRES	Carter stretches her limbs in the air .
tr	PRES	" Marcus , " she beamed at the sight of her son .
tr	PAST	Later in the hour , Cory dove left and right over a cone .
tr	PAST	Roberts pretended to be hurt , but I could tell he was putting on .
tr	PAST	In the bunker , I sketched furiously , as if I could keep the world alive by capturing my memories of it .
tr	PRES	" But - Diana - " she whispered .
tr	PAST	An arterial spray of blood painted the wall red behind them .
tr	PAST	She feared it would split again at any moment .
tr	PAST	Julianne clasped her hands together and leaned her cheek on her wrist , staring at me while shaking her head .
tr	PRES	" And vice versa . "
tr	PAST	The ritual chant provided an anchor in the uncertain sea in which Jacques was floating .
tr	PRES	" Back off , bro . "
tr	PRES	" It amounts to the same thing . "
tr	PRES	Giggles rip through me until I can 't hold them inside .
tr	PRES	No one who 's bright enough to read me ever sees the movies I write about .
tr	PRES	I 'm not normally this clumsy , " I mumbled nervously .
tr	PRES	John stood up slowly , his mouth agape in astonishment .
tr	PAST	She curved her fingers around his hand .
tr	PRES	She loves to hear from her readers , so feel free to drop her a line anytime .
tr	PRES	She flips her blond hair from her shoulder and grins .
tr	PAST	I cringed from the awkwardness and made my way back upstairs to my room , locking the door behind me .
tr	PRES	It chilled him , the way they looked at him .
tr	PRES	It wraps me up and holds me close , still warm from his body .
tr	PRES	My George never bothers me with a fit of bad temper . "
tr	PAST	She fled from the room before the tears that burned her eyes fell .
tr	PAST	" Must be tough to be King , " I pretended to take an equally long drink .
tr	PAST	Dorian slowed it by manipulating the ground again .
tr	PRES	Not unless my hair falls out along with my teeth too .
tr	PAST	He still sought whatever path had been set for him .
tr	PRES	I couldn ´ t make my move .
tr	PAST	He leaped forward to catch up with Garcia .
tr	PRES	Ty was silent , mul ing it over .
tr	PRES	Trust Norah to take the practical approach .
tr	PAST	Then as if he 'd forgotten his true reason for entering the house , he announced that Beth was looking all over for her .
tr	PAST	She described how the studio in contrast to its tidy sonic brilliance had been a mess of scrappy furniture unwashed coffee cups and tangles of leads .
tr	PRES	" To swim in the sky in a storm . "
tr	PAST	He extended an apple in the palm of his hand through the slats of the fence .
tr	PRES	The helicopter brings them out once a week . "
tr	PAST	His quiet words froze her .
tr	PRES	No one touches me .
tr	PAST	At night we danced under the full moon with a long line of hot guys waiting for each of us .
tr	PRES	He winks at Jenna and she giggles .
tr	PRES	He likes Pia . '
tr	PRES	The kelp we touch here touches nothing else .
tr	PRES	He rolled her over abruptly , pinning her body beneath his , his expression stern as he looked down into her laughing face .
tr	PRES	Serena 's eyes snap up to his .
tr	PAST	She sobbed hard , and Mr. Penn attempted to wipe the tears from her eyes , but it was a pointless task .
tr	PRES	He beamed and brushed his lips against my cheek .
tr	PAST	He regained control in the next instant and locked onto the ambassador 's gaze with his own .
tr	PAST	That proved to be the clincher .
tr	PRES	It stank , and the stench of the corpse helped Spider forget how hungry he was , for a little while .
tr	PRES	Anything that thrilled a sadistic child murderer freaked me out , but I tried not to let it show .
tr	PRES	And yes , he plays on a guy 's team .
tr	PRES	He wears old , dusty clothing .
tr	PRES	She whispers something so softly I can 't hear it .
tr	PAST	Bari thanked them for their hospitality , and as they flew toward Earth , he began to explore that planet 's Satellite .
tr	PRES	Chris watches me for a few seconds , her smile never fading .
tr	PAST	She replaced the photographs and kept looking .
tr	PAST	Her hand caressed his for a moment , " I promise not to peek . "
tr	PRES	My mother sighs and takes a seat next to Will on the sofa .
tr	PAST	" My mother smoked until recently .
tr	PRES	" Something to look forward to , " she teased .
tr	PAST	" And formally invite them to the House so they don 't break any points of vampiric etiquette ? "
tr	PAST	I replaced the clipboard and walked up to the office .
tr	PAST	Ava massaged her forehead with her fingertips , trying to figure out the best strategy of action .
tr	PAST	Kathy 's eyes twinkled .
tr	PAST	We all exhaled sighs of relief .
tr	PRES	" You 're not allowed to be jealous of anyone , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Courtney Cole 29 With My Last Breath , Book Three But the servants here in the castle 's compound had nothing to fear .
tr	PAST	A pair of boots stomped up to his hiding spot .
tr	PRES	Smoothing her hair , Serena glances at the end of the tresses to ensure she has her glow under control .
tr	PRES	No miscalculations on those up-close kills .
tr	PAST	I veer to the left , taking Sycamore Street , then heading towards Silverdale Road .
tr	PRES	He wears a long , brown garment that I 'm sure had a name before The Forgotten Lands .
tr	PRES	Women and their ideas scare me . "
tr	PRES	' Cuz , she ain 't your soul mate , bro .
tr	PRES	Alanna wishes to speak with you .
tr	PAST	Mia propped her hands on her hips and gave him a naughty smile .
tr	PRES	And she still danced sometimes .
tr	PRES	" Three pups ? "
tr	PAST	Once the whistle was blown , we advanced .
tr	PRES	" Sorry luv . "
tr	PAST	But there , too , fate intervened . "
tr	PAST	And it was so huge , she feared it .
tr	PAST	She flicked the light .
tr	PRES	" If your plan works - " " It will work , " I reassure him .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to tell the tale , right to the end .
tr	PAST	She sped her pace and it sent her flying into her orgasm headfirst .
tr	PRES	" She loves your family .
tr	PRES	Will still stands with his eyes averted , the faintest tremor visible in hands that are now bruised from the earlier attack .
tr	PAST	Gustav claimed to have had an argument with her before she left .
tr	PAST	Cain fidgeted in his chair , but didn 't utter a word .
tr	PRES	Perhaps the war gods wil shine on us tonight . "
tr	PAST	With a huge jerk , Neil awoke suddenly and sat up .
tr	PAST	Now he received nothing for his efforts beyond the promise that his family would not be harmed .
tr	PAST	Skylar regarded her with a musing look .
tr	PRES	My entire body freezes as I hear those words again .
tr	PRES	Then he tel s me what to do .
tr	PRES	" Marcus , man you missed the meal , " Rock teased .
tr	PAST	The burn lingered until the painkillers kicked in , and the gear was gently peeled back over the wound .
tr	PAST	When I reluctantly peered inside , the strength in my legs washed away .
tr	PRES	I scratch my wrist , the cuffs digging into them .
tr	PAST	She finally exhaled her admiration .
tr	PRES	I lean back , and grass tickles my neck .
tr	PRES	The car stops at the lobby and the doors crank open .
tr	PRES	He pushes on his nose again as if to make sure it isn 't falling off a second time .
tr	PRES	exclaimed Mr. Marlin in a way that made Washington 's wig swing around sideways .
tr	PRES	My towel falls away .
tr	PAST	I froze , seeing Caden 's jaw set with resolve , his body swaying as he positioned himself , getting ready to attack .
tr	PAST	" Go with Thalassa , " I instructed .
tr	PAST	Pointing to one of the double bunks , he advised , " You can dump your stuff on that one there .
tr	PAST	He sobered up when Ryland shot him a glance .
tr	PRES	" You 're telling me , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	As they reached St. George Street in the center of Takapuna , Major Smith motioned that they should set up a defensive line .
tr	PAST	But she dared not .
tr	PAST	Rolling over in bed , he slapped his hand blindly along the nightstand to find it .
tr	PRES	To make things worse , my lungs protest the lack of oxygen and I have to resurface .
tr	PAST	With every stroke , warm tendrils of sensation swirled across my chilled skin .
tr	PAST	For Lilly , and most of all for the sake of any relationship he might salvage with Molly , he opted to trust .
tr	PAST	Risa curved down and caught the football before it struck the floor .
tr	PAST	The bullet fractured several of your ribs , so you let me know if you start having any pain , and I 'll increase your medication . "
tr	PAST	They prepped her , checked her vitals , and loaded her onto the stretcher .
tr	PAST	" You look like you could use a nice cup of tea , " he announced , and I agreed with a nod .
tr	PAST	Everyone shuffled from the room .
tr	PAST	" No , we 'll figure out a way to spin it , " he mumbled to himself before quickly walking away from our little circle .
tr	PAST	After three more agonizingly slow minutes , the rest of the guys emerged .
tr	PAST	Antonietta , merged so deeply with Byron , received the flow of information as Byron extracted it .
tr	PAST	He crouched down in front of her without answering .
tr	PRES	The woodlands ' trees smack me in the face often which gives me scrapes that sting and burn .
tr	PAST	Izzy smacked her hand .
tr	PRES	" Make me yours , Brand , " she breathes .
tr	PRES	" I assume there 's a reason you want me to know this . "
tr	PAST	The shifter sensed it , too , and growled again .
tr	PAST	" Ms. Morgan , " Buckingham exclaimed when she saw me standing alone in the dark , deserted foyer .
tr	PRES	' No , ' cos I do the cooking . '
tr	PRES	But very old , almost indistinct .
tr	PAST	Finn grunted , his body bowing , eyes closed , but a breath later , he straightened his spine and stared straight ahead .
tr	PAST	His voice faltered on the word funeral , and Austin instinctively put a hand on his arm .
tr	PAST	Could they have circled back and hid out , waiting for us ?
tr	PRES	" But why would a heavy-hitting gangster like Sanchez just bury him in a sand trap ?
tr	PAST	I eyed him cautiously , waiting to see what his mood was .
tr	PAST	Silence absorbed the line for a few more seconds , and then the man gave a soft laugh .
tr	PAST	John shuffled his feet .
tr	PAST	Fear rocketed through her chest , squeezing her , robbing her of air .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my hand , but only to pick up a lantern .
tr	PRES	" What about spring ? "
tr	PRES	Roughly , she lays hold of Kim 's elbow to guide her from the car .
tr	PAST	She giggled and looked away , feigning shyness .
tr	PRES	" And the scars ? "
tr	PRES	Rusty 's worth a lot of tries .
tr	PAST	Everyone on Earth and it 's colonies was being lied to .
tr	PRES	I mumbled between kisses .
tr	PRES	Sure , she only danced with them .
tr	PAST	I edged farther into the darkness of the big den , my paws brushing against the old , stale grass , disturbing nothing more .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled and he shook his head again .
tr	PRES	We always swim in a lake or stream .
tr	PAST	Within moments , those talented fingers roamed over the curve of her buttocks .
tr	PRES	Fewer still succeed to a great extent .
tr	PAST	I wavered back and forth for a second until I got stabilized .
tr	PAST	Johnson risked a glance at the man pacing so easily at her side .
tr	PRES	He reaches for his pack of cigarettes , thinking .
tr	PAST	Something about this case still tugged on his attention .
tr	PAST	Wren cocked his head as he saw something strange pass between Fang and Aimee .
tr	PAST	She chanced a glance at Jason 's face and realized he was watching her closely .
tr	PAST	He flicked on the lights , revealing a perfectly staged sitting room and dining room .
tr	PAST	The Dragon Lord dismissed the riders with a word .
tr	PRES	The Lycans preparing for battle changes everything .
tr	PAST	I freed up one of my hands and opened the sliding glass door then stepped through and shut it behind us .
tr	PAST	" For your safety , you should leave it at home , " Brooke advised .
tr	PRES	Her father continued in sleep , his head still resting against the side of the window .
tr	PAST	So many girls in the enclave treated me like I was a filthy savage , one step away from killing all of you in your sleep . "
tr	PAST	Even with their connections and money , Gabe doubted ESPN could find a better coach than Mike 's father had been .
tr	PRES	I bark a spell , my lips moving quicker than ever before .
tr	PRES	Stroke ' im back to life ? "
tr	PRES	Wading through the mucky , green water , he quickly climbs the vines and finds a small chest resting at the top .
tr	PAST	His voice faltered and he swallowed .
tr	PRES	In a heartbeat , the hero draws his bow and lines up an arrow , the twang of the bowstring lost in the nearby explosion .
tr	PAST	In late spring , father finally proceeded with his campaign .
tr	PAST	Hanna fiddled with her charm bracelet .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me ! "
tr	PAST	His cellphone vibrated in his pocket .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Price . "
tr	PAST	He scoffed , low under his breath .
tr	PAST	These words served only to heighten her resolve , and she tightened her grip on the handle of her case .
tr	PRES	Just a precaution . "
tr	PRES	A pang of sorrow strikes my heart , and I remember how miserable and melancholy he was when I left home .
tr	PAST	The scenes on its sides , inlaid in polished wood and mother of pearl , glowed in the candlelight .
tr	PRES	" Once you start thinking , ' Gee , maybe that isn 't me thinking about suicide , ' it kind of falls apart . "
tr	PAST	As I headed out , I reflected that it was sweet that Officer Saldana had church-going in his past .
tr	PRES	" You didn 't need to do that today , " he mutters as his fingers probe their way to my ass .
tr	PRES	The couple holds pitchforks .
tr	PAST	The new daylight sloshed on to the world .
tr	PRES	He fails on all counts .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " Emerson fumes , buckling in his staggering erection and covering his lap with a throw pillow .
tr	PRES	He wishes for the time when they were manual and weren 't connected to the engine 's wiring .
tr	PAST	" What , you think I busted out of prison or something ? "
tr	PRES	" In the flesh all wisdom begins .
tr	PRES	She exits the car and begins walking toward her house .
tr	PAST	The smell of bread still lingered , despite there being only a few scant rolls left behind .
tr	PAST	Dimitri sensed she was tiring .
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together before he says , " Not really .
tr	PRES	" An hourglass ? "
tr	PRES	I smack his arm for his confession , but when he winks at me , I can 't help but grin .
tr	PRES	" It 's about time , " I mumbled to the empty room .
tr	PRES	Instead of giving me a look of pity , determination fills his expression .
tr	PAST	They fled into the cave , issuing terrified grunts and screams as they went , almost running over Milo in their exodus .
tr	PRES	" Such a shame .
tr	PAST	It whispered over her , tugged at her heartstrings .
tr	PRES	He arches his brows several times just to annoy me .
tr	PRES	He visits the oracles daily and comes back in a foul mood .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his cool nose against my neck , causing another stirring deep within me .
tr	PRES	Annalise stands on the tip of her toes to see into the distance , curious .
tr	PAST	Kane : Is Bo Derek really your reference for celebrity beauty - I haven 't heard that name in years .
tr	PAST	My prison prevented me .
tr	PRES	" Oh , your highness .
tr	PRES	It splits my heart into pieces because she never cries .
tr	PAST	" Ask Romeo at the bar , " he hollered back .
tr	PRES	And as the ancient prophet said : " Whoever throws a stone upwards , throws it at his own head . "
tr	PRES	Plus , George Blackwell hates my guts . "
tr	PRES	" Well then , that explains that .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , brakes and a good tune-up , " I mutter , yanking the fitted bedsheet over the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Our jump technology opens a wormhole between here and there , and we pass through in just a few moments .
tr	PAST	She preferred the life of a wanderer . "
tr	PRES	The ring allows me to stay here and not forget .
tr	PRES	" Just because you 're so - so stoic all the time ... " She stopped and almost bit her tongue .
tr	PRES	Things that get inside your skull and start gnawing .
tr	PRES	Don 't just stop punching , you idiot : punch differently !
tr	PRES	Trees -- two , Jeff -- zero .
tr	PRES	She tries to stop , and to hold her breath to avoid the pain , but her efforts fail .
tr	PAST	My nerves rocketed as I absorbed my surroundings .
tr	PAST	Then , feeling suddenly ashamed , she withdrew her body back into the unseasonably warm house and went to the kitchen for lemonade .
tr	PAST	She propped her head up with a wobbling hand .
tr	PAST	Taking his hands in hers , she urged him to his feet .
tr	PAST	That goddamned phone . "
tr	PRES	So I averted my eyes and tried not to think about it for fear of someone reading my mood and figuring it out .
tr	PRES	" The followers . "
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply as the smell of his tantalizing cologne captivated my senses .
tr	PRES	If you would just let me take care of you , I would - " " Jon . "
tr	PRES	The man 's eyes shone brighter , then he faded away .
tr	PAST	She sat hunched on the kitchen stool , knees drawn up , feet propped on the top rung .
tr	PRES	His hand was warm , his touch arousing .
tr	PAST	He reiterated Mayor Fritz 's accusations with a few additions .
tr	PAST	A few crystals floated around her head .
tr	PRES	A wolf , huge and savage , leaping at a fleeing man , powerful jaws boring through the chest to get at the heart .
tr	PAST	He acted that way when I first met him so I guessed nothing had changed .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed happily , " my sweet protector . "
tr	PRES	I wipe my eyes .
tr	PRES	I lean inward until my body is pressed against the jagged rocks .
tr	PRES	They had a little ruckus .
tr	PRES	My illusion ripples around me .
tr	PRES	Mum lurches towards him but Dev knocks her back .
tr	PRES	I slap the palm .
tr	PRES	He sees Timothy slightly shaking his head in disapproval of what he 's reading , which he does often .
tr	PAST	When we reached our destination , I received my first full look at the man beneath Lilla .
tr	PRES	" No , " I correct him , because I 'm not crazy and I won 't let him make me feel that I am .
tr	PRES	Ivan holds up a hand for me to stop .
tr	PRES	" Hey Benny . "
tr	PRES	' Unbelievable , ' returns Matson , in stunned incredulity .
tr	PAST	But it provided some privacy .
tr	PRES	" No more dating Joey . "
tr	PRES	' Are Little Spirit still doing well ? '
tr	PAST	As the door rose , Kilo froze and began to growl .
tr	PAST	But at least it provided me with the illusion of doing something proactive .
tr	PAST	Amelia inhaled deeply ; a gush of foul air raced into her lungs , causing her to choke .
tr	PAST	Tense now , I squinted through the dusk of early evening .
tr	PRES	" Hard to when you already have two strikes .
tr	PAST	I defended our lives and he is dead now . "
tr	PRES	" Lock them in separate rooms , doctor Ryder up , and ignore everything he says , just in case Vlad tries to take him over .
tr	PAST	She also speculated that her father might be feeling the same anxiety , but she found him serene , keeping himself busy in the kitchen .
tr	PRES	A loud bang in the background draws Harley 's attention .
tr	PAST	As I did so , I sensed someone behind me and paused and turned .
tr	PRES	He almost cracks a smile and I almost sprout a pair of wings .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I let go of her , and she smiled at me .
tr	PRES	He blushes when he plays the violin .
tr	PAST	" Not like this , " fake Mira countered , laughing softly .
tr	PAST	Rahim shrank back on the concrete .
tr	PAST	Her perfume tickled my nose as I buried my face into her hair .
tr	PRES	" No clue . "
tr	PRES	She asked , her voice tremulous .
tr	PAST	His chest inflated and deflated , a huge breath .
tr	PRES	" You better not , " she teased .
tr	PRES	I snap up a stick and step in behind her .
tr	PRES	Victoria breathes a sigh .
tr	PAST	Only one man saw it happen , a new guy named Anderson .
tr	PAST	Two blood soaked teenagers spilled out onto the surprised captain , knocking the table to the floor and sending the three sprawling .
tr	PAST	Drop it , drop it , drop it , I stormed in my head .
tr	PRES	An SUV flips and kills five - " We got Ford . "
tr	PRES	" You said they wouldn 't shoot at us , " I yell as I grab the gun and start to push back up to my seat .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and paid him some cash .
tr	PAST	As if hearing his question , Masterson limped into view by the door , leaning on his cane .
tr	PRES	" If God and angels existed why did the guardian angels not bring the children back to their families ?
tr	PAST	Nicola selected one of the croissants , pinched off a warm , buttery corner .
tr	PRES	A large red light shone back from behind the hill ahead .
tr	PRES	Warner sighs as he presses the button for the elevator .
tr	PAST	He disintegrated into the sand that he was as soon as you revoked the rights of Kul on your property . "
tr	PRES	If they 're energy , it stands to reason they could pass in telephone or electrical wires , right ?
tr	PRES	" Or maybe that was their only model , " Dresden offers .
tr	PAST	Ted exhaled , feeling like he would burst with joy as Baby Julian reached for one of his toys .
tr	PAST	You only named the chores that women usually do on shore .
tr	PAST	" You should go home , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " the voice murmurs approvingly .
tr	PRES	She points her finger at him in warning .
tr	PAST	They lied to me on my face when they broke the laptop and when they manipulated Clay without the slightest wrinkle of any regret or remorse .
tr	PAST	Huge paws replaced little ones .
tr	PAST	" For heaven 's sake , " exclaimed an exasperated Clayton .
tr	PRES	His tongue slides against my own and need rips through me , makes me anxious .
tr	PAST	" I quit my job with the Temperance League .
tr	PRES	" And you belong to me . "
tr	PAST	His chair tipped and he fell , wedged between the two chairs .
tr	PAST	Then he estimated the number of nails in the wall .
tr	PRES	" I 'm just so confused , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	This place changes people .
tr	PRES	A loud snap , and she was free of the robotic arm .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eleven Last Minute Forgiveness So much to do .
tr	PAST	Kelly jabbed a finger in his arm .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed again , followed by hard knocking on the door .
tr	PRES	I wipe them away and pull her into me .
tr	PRES	Kill ' em all right ? "
tr	PRES	Emily 's hand slides down a little further , and a finger dips inside the waist of my pajamas .
tr	PRES	She stops , turning to Serena .
tr	PAST	He plopped down next to Carol and went to work on the stick .
tr	PRES	His cries were terrible , his breathing so shallow now .
tr	PRES	Then the party begins .
tr	PRES	The excruciating pain rips through every nerve cell , but I do not care .
tr	PAST	I underestimated you , Melody . "
tr	PRES	" Well , what of the exit points ? "
tr	PRES	" If I lied I could not have called the hunt , and pronounced you kin slayer .
tr	PAST	" Don 't get any ideas , " she joked as she lifted herself from him .
tr	PAST	On New Year 's Day , Joey received a call from the Global Wrestling Association , inviting him to their headquarters in Chicago for a tryout .
tr	PRES	" No shit , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	Leaning against the cool metal , I hooked my thumbs in my pockets and crossed my ankles .
tr	PRES	" Because it opens a can of worms .
tr	PAST	Perhaps Sir William had , though she doubted it .
tr	PAST	I faked hearing something and then pointed to a random girl .
tr	PAST	Jason 's mom flagged down the waiter for the bill .
tr	PAST	She desired him more than any other man she had ever dated .
tr	PRES	The powerful , intoxicating blood that had first addicted him .
tr	PAST	Turning away , he crawled out and joined the others huddled together in the darkness of the forest .
tr	PRES	They prod and pry when they can . "
tr	PAST	Allie silently giggled , and began to waggle her fingers .
tr	PAST	I clutched Luke 's hand and squeezed when the plane dropped .
tr	PRES	What a change of flesh is here : Think how many royal bones Sleep within these heaps of stones . ' "
tr	PRES	Chapter 12 " Sound the alarm ! "
tr	PRES	He stands to see me out , walking close so I can smell the spicy scent of his cologne .
tr	PRES	" My little Nate , " she murmurs to herself .
tr	PAST	His companion emerged from the same opening .
tr	PRES	And this - " She lifted a bracelet of agate and gold beads .
tr	PRES	" Harry , on the other hand , likes me .
tr	PAST	" Oh good you 're dressed , " Anita announced as I walked into the room .
tr	PAST	George eyed me curiously .
tr	PRES	Alice slams out , reaching back to disentangle her purse strap from the gearshift and yank the purse to her .
tr	PAST	I doubted I could help Lucan find them anyways ; I certainly had no way to look for them .
tr	PRES	Sorry , kid , this is just the beginning , " the guard next to me explains in a concerned tone .
tr	PAST	The rock only bounced off , leaving a tiny chip in the glass .
tr	PAST	" I love puzzles , " she exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" I wouldn 't suck if your teammates would do their job , " I yell .
tr	PAST	" For playing an elaborate practical joke on my entire extended family ? "
tr	PRES	Her voice tickles and caresses my ear .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of me .
tr	PRES	She blames me for Jamie 's shooting and wants me as far away from him as possible . "
tr	PRES	She hears the stumbling stealth of island deer in the distance , and draws comfort from the familiar sound .
tr	PAST	The scent of honey mingled with his cologne as the soft petals caressed her cheek .
tr	PRES	" This fits with what I was saying earlier .
tr	PRES	The probability of Hunter destroying Neil remains high ? "
tr	PRES	Sliding his hand out from under my shirt , he pushes my sleeve up to expose the thin white line on my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Will you sing this again , or shall I sing it to you ? "
tr	PAST	When he stood against the Council , she defended him . "
tr	PRES	His hand freezes over his lasagna .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears from my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Has a fit of madness overcome you ?
tr	PRES	He sighs , kicking at the rocks .
tr	PAST	Robert exclaimed , rubbing at the sore spot and looking up at his brother with wounded eyes .
tr	PAST	" Go see what Kaylie would like to eat , " Rick instructed Anna so she could get it before the concession stand closed .
tr	PRES	as the door to the bathroom opens , and the women in line run from the impending explosion .
tr	PAST	" When last we met , " I began , " You described the initial preparations for the trip .
tr	PAST	The rest of the guys cleaned up while they had the chance .
tr	PRES	" We don 't have a speaker , loser , " she teased .
tr	PAST	" Haven 't you ever busted into a room before ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh , don 't say such a thing , Ken .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me now .
tr	PRES	Then I settle for something I can accomplish .
tr	PAST	Their warm breath fogged the windshield almost immediately , so they sat in the car and waited for the engine to warm up .
tr	PRES	My mind snaps back .
tr	PRES	" Your accent ? "
tr	PRES	My mouth shrinks down to a period .
tr	PAST	I actually accompanied him ( with pocket filled with emptiness ) .
tr	PAST	I thanked the heavens he had boxers on , but easily noted this was not Webb .
tr	PAST	Her own body glowed brighter around me , both surrounding me and filling me with her magical essence .
tr	PRES	It remains an important part of local culture and is still evident today up and down the banks of the Cane River .
tr	PRES	But my father 's pained look pins me on the spot .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , size seven is the new plus size , " Selena announced , exasperated .
tr	PAST	She scooted forward across the pool deck and hugged me .
tr	PRES	Without any more reluctance he crashes his lips against mine and a gasp falters from my throat at the heat his kiss brings to my body .
tr	PAST	I exited the confessional and headed to the living room .
tr	PRES	I usually snap out of it after a couple of days .
tr	PAST	After moments when neither had even breathed , he inhaled .
tr	PAST	I ditched the car in a parking garage , leaving Louis perched atop the wheel .
tr	PAST	With a noise like an umbrella opening , the bat unfolded its wings suddenly , displaying an amazingly large span of black membrane .
tr	PAST	Blood smacked into me , and thicker things hit my face .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , closing the final distance to the steps .
tr	PAST	Licking his lips , Dolan extended a hand .
tr	PRES	" What a hag . "
tr	PRES	Sabrina could make a man confess his every sin by batting her eyelashes over her emerald eyes .
tr	PRES	Her eyes flit to Ervin , who was just sent sprawling across the sand with claw marks raked across his chest .
tr	PRES	" Karen Woods ? "
tr	PAST	His relaxed posture and collected demeanor provided a stark contrast to my own composure .
tr	PRES	Mr. Quintanilla mutters , his voice full of regret .
tr	PRES	" He trusts us to stay around after we get paid ? "
tr	PRES	" Based on the evidence that GD behavior was worse , " Christina points out .
tr	PAST	She fisted her skirts in her damp hands .
tr	PRES	Gary looked away quickly , his stomach lurching .
tr	PRES	Fear pulses through my body .
tr	PRES	The sun shone so bright when you came into my life . "
tr	PRES	The city lights shone in the room because they reflected off the low-lying clouds .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're wondering why you can feel her ? "
tr	PAST	" Do you smell ... " She inhaled deeply and her stomach growled .
tr	PAST	I prayed that you would come find me and rescue me .
tr	PRES	" Teach me to sin - " she repeated .
tr	PAST	Flores ambushed and killed Barton and now the whole town is in a rage .
tr	PAST	Nix cocked his head in the direction of Ryder and lifted a thick , black eyebrow at me .
tr	PAST	He untangled a thong cord with a nutcracker charm hanging and draped it around Kathleen 's neck .
tr	PRES	He loves you so much , Ruby , " I told her , hating the sound of her guilt heavy in her mouth .
tr	PAST	The long black dress she wore exposed her back .
tr	PRES	I have a really bad feeling about this , " Tequila mumbled .
tr	PRES	" She likes him . "
tr	PAST	I motioned him to drop the case beside the body .
tr	PRES	" And his nephew . "
tr	PAST	Marcus caressed the length of her spine with long soothing motions .
tr	PAST	Stephen 's scream jolted me awake .
tr	PAST	I vow to you that I will never use what I 've learned to harm your family .
tr	PRES	Like I was , and I can see it all unfolding again .
tr	PRES	" Ain 't you a charmer ! "
tr	PAST	Louis solved the problem with a side ponytail that brought my mane under control , and a scarf that added some style .
tr	PAST	Yours , H Mary stared down at the piece of paper , mesmerized by its contents .
tr	PAST	" He transferred this past year to UT .
tr	PAST	He leaped easily onto the railing and spread his arms wide , embracing the air as he stepped into space .
tr	PAST	Slowly , murmuring soft sounds of wakefulness , she inhaled a deep , satisfied breath and released it slowly .
tr	PAST	And uttered " It 's not real " Again , he repeated shaking her even harder " What did you see ? "
tr	PAST	Already dealing with terrible pain she automatically retreated from the blast only to barely avoid the brunt of it .
tr	PAST	He felt confident the alien was securely fastened to the chair , the chairs position in time and space required no questioning .
tr	PRES	Aunt Letty storms in the door .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stop , " she begged .
tr	PAST	It crawled inside my Mark ... disappeared in her .
tr	PAST	As her father walked off , Matisse eyed the Seon , a thought occurring to her .
tr	PAST	Roxanne 's stomach churned .
tr	PRES	" Make me believe it , " he breathes .
tr	PAST	With Earl gone happy memories fogged .
tr	PAST	A taut ripple of sound swirled after him ; there were hushed exclamations and a burst of appreciative tribute .
tr	PAST	Holly elbowed them aside , trying to make her way through to see the poor agent who 'd just been given a one-way ticket to hell .
tr	PAST	" We don 't know , " Selena stated .
tr	PRES	" I love you , Braxton James , " she whispers against my lips .
tr	PRES	I belong at the inn . "
tr	PAST	They glided past me and down the stairs .
tr	PAST	Loreen 's voiced boomed from the back , shattering Randolph 's concentration on the brownie log cabin he was building .
tr	PRES	" Our family owes your family that much . "
tr	PAST	Whatever chased us was being struck repeatedly by my wards .
tr	PAST	We shove at the beams but can 't budge them .
tr	PAST	They should have backed off by now , she grunted .
tr	PRES	Color and light as she kissed him with reckless abandon .
tr	PRES	" That is the funniest thing that I have ever seen , " Grace states as laughter can be heard throughout the dining area .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Honey .
tr	PRES	He taps certain parts of the screen .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head as I smiled at Walker .
tr	PAST	He much preferred flashing messages to his mother , though she had to be close for his thoughts to come in clearly .
tr	PAST	" What I obtained for Mr. Horne cost him a large sum of money .
tr	PAST	I stomped down hard to shove the solenoid back where it belonged .
tr	PRES	" You have my word , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	She winks really obviously .
tr	PRES	Strange request for a dinner date .
tr	PRES	The walls echoed to the clap , snap !
tr	PAST	Z cocked his head toward the pup who sat on the table with his nose pressed into the crook of her elbow .
tr	PRES	He uses music to stir the emotions and circulate the life force of the audience , just before he steals energy .
tr	PAST	Thom crouched down beside us and set the controls on his gauntlet .
tr	PRES	Are you chilled ? "
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands to his lips , trying very hard to stay composed .
tr	PAST	He advised ( or encouraged ) the missing woman .
tr	PRES	Marx glances up at me .
tr	PRES	Captain Jason Drake is personally taking command of this mission , " Lisa announces .
tr	PRES	" How awful for you .
tr	PRES	Also , dinner plates , knives and forks ... ' ' Cutlery in general .
tr	PAST	I saluted him with two fingers waved in the air and he turned to go back toward town .
tr	PAST	But he phoned me after one of his concerts .
tr	PRES	Tears no longer shine in his eyes .
tr	PAST	She slapped his face .
tr	PRES	When they 're finally extinguished , the sky fades to black like someone 's punched the power-off button .
tr	PAST	" Deborah , you could put your bag on the floor , the cleaning lady washed it today . "
tr	PAST	I never experienced the paternal love that I read about in books , and yet I know he did love me .
tr	PRES	" I ruined it , " he whispers in dismay .
tr	PAST	" Very well then , " boomed Master Ortega .
tr	PRES	" But the fact remains that talking is better than shooting . "
tr	PRES	Sasha crawls all the way in , lowering her voice to a whisper .
tr	PAST	He sniffed my hair .
tr	PAST	The memories of his love swirled around Elizabeth as his words flowed over her .
tr	PRES	" I , uh , " Leo mumbled , and I think that was the first time I 'd seen him at a loss for words .
tr	PRES	For a few moments , an awkward silence fills the room .
tr	PAST	Then Carl and Michael emerged from the darkness across the street and appeared in the driveway , walking slowly toward them .
tr	PRES	" Now , to the fundraiser ! "
tr	PRES	She often stands for me to try new fabrics and styles on .
tr	PAST	He saluted sharply and then stood uncertainly just inside the room , shifting his weight from foot to foot in impatient excitement .
tr	PRES	Doctor or circus clown .
tr	PAST	My heart exploded out of my chest , desire pulsing through me at the thought that he wanted to watch me .
tr	PAST	Grabbing a black cloak , she stuffed it inside .
tr	PAST	I hooked my arm around her waist and kicked forcefully , attempting to tow her up .
tr	PRES	" Your father left a message on the answering machine , " she announces .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and shook his head .
tr	PAST	Boone inhaled deep and slow .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , scrubbing furiously .
tr	PRES	Reluctantly she danced off with her escort .
tr	PRES	" Well , then , Voss , what brings you here ?
tr	PRES	I hesitate before adding , " It 's so much easier to talk to you guys about this stuff . "
tr	PAST	asked Holly clearly puzzled .
tr	PRES	Grabbing the bar , I swing down to the lowest bar .
tr	PAST	The driver leaped down , opened the door for the queen to enter and sprang back onto the seat .
tr	PAST	She claimed to have dropped me off at my house shortly before the cops found me .
tr	PAST	They shuffled down a set of stairs and through an exit door .
tr	PRES	However , I completely disagree with many of White Eagle 's ways of conduct , with His hypocrisy and His using lies to control Colony members .
tr	PAST	His voice boomed across the table as his eyes turned cool toward his daughter .
tr	PRES	" Lindley Emergency . "
tr	PAST	He motioned to her brother .
tr	PRES	" What if he kills them ?
tr	PAST	Folklore claimed that Lilith was Adam 's first wife and had been created like him , but she refused to become subservient to Adam .
tr	PRES	Daddy grits his teeth .
tr	PRES	" What brings you back here ? "
tr	PAST	Before I lost my nerve , I unzipped my jeans and pulled them down , taking my panties with it .
tr	PAST	" The children reunited . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for my arm but I pull away .
tr	PRES	The day stretches out in front of me , invisible in the darkness .
tr	PRES	" The girl belongs to the Gerard .
tr	PRES	" Yeah ... about that ... " " Save it .
tr	PAST	He trusted her more than he trusted his executives and she worked harder that most of them .
tr	PAST	Rafe resigned himself to her rambling until he could make sense of what she needed from him .
tr	PAST	She fetched her journal from under her bed while Josh slipped his arms back into his robe .
tr	PAST	Patrick screeched the Bronco to a stop in front of the passenger drop-off , drawing the attention of a few attendants .
tr	PRES	If the vampires try to leave , don 't prevent them from going but do warn them that it 's unsafe . "
tr	PAST	She doubted that it would be like that with anyone besides David .
tr	PRES	" You know , things with Nan , her will , um ... schools .
tr	PAST	Lela claimed that they didn 't have much choice in the matter .
tr	PAST	Without looking up at me in alarm , without looking up from the notebook at all , he said , " Got a call from Lois .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Messenger . "
tr	PAST	He feared she 'd easily recognize that statement for the lie that it was , but he was desperate enough to use almost anything to convince her .
tr	PAST	Lina inhaled as Collin continued cleaning her face and neck .
tr	PAST	" Relax , kid , " the lab tech says , his voice muffled by the glass .
tr	PAST	She tugged , but he held fast .
tr	PRES	" Got anything edible in here ? "
tr	PAST	He pursed his lips for a moment , then said , " Glad they aren 't directly overhead . "
tr	PRES	' As my lady wishes . '
tr	PAST	Cage smacked a loud kiss on my cheek , " That 's my girl , " he released me and left the closet .
tr	PRES	" Option B ? "
tr	PAST	She hopped down from the desk .
tr	PRES	It lies in a chaotic past .
tr	PRES	Smokey remains and bits of mail floating in the air indicated where a bomb had been placed .
tr	PAST	She stormed into its midst defying its reality and it dissipated .
tr	PAST	" Whoever it is , also slowed down and matched our pace . "
tr	PAST	Her tears slowed down with each incredible word out of that mouth that sent her to heaven no matter what it did or said .
tr	PRES	" ' What seed when planted in earth bears fruit nevermore ? " '
tr	PRES	' And Family ? '
tr	PAST	Morgan retreated to the company line once again .
tr	PRES	The mechanism of cosmic realism never ever allows it .
tr	PAST	She instructed , and with a sneer he obeyed .
tr	PRES	Su wraps my hair into a messy ball while Rann holds both my arms from a vicious attack on Su , first then Xe , second .
tr	PRES	He pul ed away , laughing once .
tr	PAST	In the blue pickup the two men steered it toward the north ridge road .
tr	PRES	Holly glances at me .
tr	PRES	" And finally our destination . "
tr	PRES	Through the saliva of the beast that had bitten him , the creature who might have given him the fatal virus , rabies .
tr	PAST	I froze as he threaded his fingers through mine .
tr	PRES	The scientific method allows for falsifiability but doesn 't demand complete overthrow .
tr	PRES	He likes to acquire things .
tr	PRES	Looking up through the spaced prongs of a trident , and long , matted hair on the wolf , Serena sees Kai .
tr	PAST	Knowing he 'd come hard and fast , he dove between her thighs and groaned as her liquid heat consumed him .
tr	PAST	Chapter 42 It is a dark and stormy night .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Tench ? "
tr	PAST	Lord give me wisdom , she prayed .
tr	PRES	" Madam , the earl wishes to have a word with you in his chamber . "
tr	PAST	An occasional cloud dimmed the moonlight , and the cool winds from the west rose intermittently , then dissipated .
tr	PRES	" Nag , nag , nag ... " Then her features stiffened and she took a breath .
tr	PAST	" Is it maps you 're after ? "
tr	PRES	One tiny prick into the skin of my side , and I already feel the delightful numbness spreading .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes you amaze me Inspector .
tr	PRES	She buys me whatever I ask for , and I stop releasing hornets during her dinner parties .
tr	PAST	All residence hall doors required a keycard that doubled as student ID for entry .
tr	PRES	Considering this , a new thought occurs to me .
tr	PRES	I know , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	I dreamed about the taste of her and the warmth of her skin .
tr	PAST	Roach flicked the spoon off the table with the edge of the chopping board , panting .
tr	PAST	He propped himself up on one elbow .
tr	PAST	" Oh , I don 't know , " now Karen lied .
tr	PRES	Yamhill sits in the offered chair near the clear box then frowns at the sliced human foot .
tr	PRES	Hell , I assume Panos would have stayed nearby even after he 'd married .
tr	PRES	The desecration that our opponents liked to call ' research ' -- stem cell ' research ' -- stem cells from unborn human babies ! "
tr	PAST	A colt named Hard Money has the lead , followed by Desert Waves .
tr	PRES	Warrior brings back her tail and snaps it at his chest .
tr	PAST	People standing in room center also ceased their interaction and turned to look at the man by the door with the golden triangle .
tr	PRES	I steal another glance my dad 's way .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth with rage .
tr	PRES	" You goin ' somewhere , Miz Samson ? "
tr	PAST	At this she dared stop and turn .
tr	PRES	" Because , " Razia mumbled .
tr	PRES	It brings them hope and happiness .
tr	PRES	She beamed her best smile and poured warmth into her voice as she added , ' Which I think is wonderful . '
tr	PRES	She lets her lip pop free .
tr	PRES	Even then , the false light of science ( knowledge , if you like ) shone in only a few developed countries .
tr	PAST	She collapsed onto the concrete .
tr	PRES	Before I can answer , the elevator doors hiss open and there is Sandor .
tr	PAST	As my eyes silvered , Jonah leaped for Darius .
tr	PRES	She bent over to kiss him , her hair sliding over his chest , the silky strands causing him to shiver with anticipation .
tr	PAST	She desired no distraction .
tr	PAST	My body convulsed while it healed , leaving me shaking from the surge of power and the agony of countless nerve endings knitting back together .
tr	PAST	I stifled a sob and clutched my knees harder . '
tr	PRES	My cat returns to his food .
tr	PAST	" Sit , " I scooted at the edge of the bed and patted a small space for him to sit .
tr	PRES	" A siege ? "
tr	PRES	" You shouldn 't have done that , " I grumble , unable to hide my displeasure .
tr	PRES	" Ah , finally , he 's going to admit it " sighs Dredd .
tr	PAST	He stares at me in a way that reminds me that he 's only human .
tr	PAST	With me seemingly pinned in place , one of the dwarves advanced on me , an evil grin stretching across her face .
tr	PRES	An overpowering urge to go outside for a few minutes gripped her .
tr	PAST	The librarian collapsed without another word .
tr	PRES	" It will be , " I snap , before catching myself .
tr	PAST	Her confession shattered him , along with her inner strength .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	Now she sees it .
tr	PAST	My fingers fisted into his gentle curls , holding him in my kiss .
tr	PAST	He eyed me up and down , his fangs still fully extended , and then he slowly bent forward .
tr	PRES	Luna danced according to the beat of the drum ( where did that guy come from , anyway ? )
tr	PRES	A strong , cool breeze freezes the tears on my face .
tr	PRES	Anna and St. Clair swap identical disbelieving glances .
tr	PRES	Behind them , Hailey ties off Kai 's wraps and slips away to help another fallen Undine .
tr	PAST	He sobered and slipped his hand underneath my shirt , pressing his hot palm against the small of my back .
tr	PAST	I tugged out the piece of paper in my pocket and stared at it .
tr	PAST	He jolted , struggled to breathe .
tr	PRES	Especially as I watched you grow into a young maiden , " the king tries to smile , but it ends up looking like a lopsided frown .
tr	PAST	The truly insane never doubted their sanity , right ?
tr	PRES	He glances at me and raises his eyebrows .
tr	PAST	Debris and mud replaced what had once been a vibrant city , now washed out to sea .
tr	PAST	Hayes motioned to his two associates who fanned across the room .
tr	PRES	A mouth that at the moment looked rather innocent , but which might be sensuous if he were awake .
tr	PAST	" Abby , you 're free to go wherever you want , anytime you want .
tr	PRES	You arrested me and ruined my spring break on purpose . "
tr	PAST	I exited out the back door and slowly walked toward the front of the house where the Ferrari was parked .
tr	PAST	I attempted to wiggle out of Gavin 's arms .
tr	PRES	But still his sister clutches him .
tr	PRES	" You might as well be offering up your virginity , " I grumble .
tr	PRES	My pulse begins to throb in my ears .
tr	PAST	Mad Rogan swiped across it .
tr	PRES	And then her delicate hand reaches down .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	Nathan sensed she was right , but inwardly cringed .
tr	PAST	West cocked himself sideways in the driver 's seat and eyed her again .
tr	PAST	I eyed him suspiciously before I asked , " Did you arrange for the car that day ? "
tr	PRES	She points behind us and we turn , our clothing at our feet .
tr	PRES	" Dig up that Kava bush and get me the root , eh ?
tr	PRES	She deserves better than me , but ' better than me ' definitely isn 't Derek Novak .
tr	PRES	She returns her attention to us .
tr	PAST	Andra pretended not to hear .
tr	PRES	" You are girly , all soft and mushy inside , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Rhoda stands up and moves to a second door in the small office .
tr	PAST	She hauled her briefcase from the passenger seat and started up the walkway .
tr	PAST	" Oh , those tattooed girls .
tr	PAST	Athena 's voice ranged in my head .
tr	PRES	Madam Uri stands proudly next to them ... she almost looks happy .
tr	PAST	Its yellow bulging eyes glowed dim yellow , and its thin scaly black limbs glistened in the darkness .
tr	PRES	I bark out a laugh so loud that I cover my mouth in embarrassment .
tr	PAST	In early April , they advised me there would be traffic on the river but it was only after several delays the group left Jacksonville .
tr	PAST	That required a special kind of bravery ... or stupidity .
tr	PAST	She marveled at herself .
tr	PRES	" Have you been in love before , Jerome ? "
tr	PAST	I exhaled quietly , satisfied and content and yet terrified , and knew that nothing would be the same again .
tr	PAST	Alex stifled a chuckle .
tr	PAST	His eyes zeroed in on her swollen lip .
tr	PAST	Heisman 's eyes glazed a bit as he pondered that possibility .
tr	PAST	His guffaw rumbled up his throat , mocking her .
tr	PRES	" Is there a certain day of the week you bathe ? "
tr	PRES	" I know , Patsy .
tr	PRES	Elle reaches down and picks Alex up .
tr	PAST	" Screw you , Hawk Banks ! "
tr	PRES	" Always too short , these visits .
tr	PAST	" He replaced ... Finn . "
tr	PAST	We dreamed , we occasionally kissed , and we moved continuously in the little bed .
tr	PRES	The small shaft of light barely touches the gloom .
tr	PRES	I drag Beast along with me towards the elevator while trying to carry my bag .
tr	PAST	She giggled like a teenager until he set her down .
tr	PRES	Kel tries to suppress a smile , just like his sister .
tr	PRES	Turns out they want to do a feature on some of our success stories . "
tr	PAST	They merged over and through each other and as Jared stared at the vast number he could see there were at least a hundred of them .
tr	PAST	Aidan 's arm snaked around my waist , clamping me to his side .
tr	PRES	" Can ye not recall , lad ?
tr	PRES	" He lies to you , and yet you trust him ? "
tr	PRES	The boy brings the hammer down again .
tr	PAST	Crouching low to the ground as if in submission she crawled away on all fours , still screaming as loud as she could .
tr	PRES	He glares at me .
tr	PAST	I sniffed and coughed as the smell of dust and shit assaulted my nose .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Messenger ? "
tr	PRES	I easily identify the distinctive shape of a Jeep Wrangler with a custom light bar on top .
tr	PRES	When I rub my hand over the static charged screen for the fifth time the warning message disappears completely .
tr	PRES	It helps me rank higher in searches and in turn helps me sell more books and make a better living : ) .
tr	PRES	Simon 's guts still stink if I forget to leave the window open just a crack .
tr	PRES	Zach opens his car door for Rachel and she trembles with excitement as she slides into the driver 's seat .
tr	PAST	As soon as Fes was out of sight , I skipped away .
tr	PAST	His teacher circled them moving in , and out of the light , calling instructions , and encouragement from the line of light .
tr	PAST	Quick with figures , quicker still with his tongue , which often got him into trouble , especially at school .
tr	PRES	If it turns out to be a viable cancer cure , it belongs to the world , and no one should hold the patent .
tr	PRES	And usually sharks feed at dusk . "
tr	PRES	" Hey buddy , when are you going to move so I. . . "
tr	PRES	She hates your kind and will never allow me to wed you . "
tr	PRES	My eyes remained closed but I nuzzled into his neck , my lips resting against his smooth skin .
tr	PRES	His hand slides in mine as he gives me a wicked grin .
tr	PAST	People barged past her , knowing the Hive out of place ; she was no good in crowded places .
tr	PRES	A waiter approaches us carrying a tray of champagne .
tr	PRES	All your power ceases to exist in this world I have chosen .
tr	PRES	Just holding it made my stomach boil with anger .
tr	PRES	After a few seconds of exquisite silence , the metal spider begins its bounding journey down the crater wall .
tr	PRES	Thanks for letting me crash here last night . "
tr	PRES	Our individual implant monitors our individual clinical levels .
tr	PRES	It rattles for a bit and the screws holding it to the floor jump but don 't come loose .
tr	PRES	Every time something weird happens around here , somebody blames the Spider Lady .
tr	PAST	There , she propped the canvas on her legs .
tr	PAST	1 ... His ears split inside with the drumming carrying through his head .
tr	PAST	Ruth ... " She inhaled , then made a decision .
tr	PRES	" They worship a version of you that only exists in their imagination .
tr	PRES	" But he visits . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm not so sure , " Shark murmurs , then raises an eyebrow at Sharmila .
tr	PAST	The weariness I first sensed when I opened the door reappeared .
tr	PAST	Bia 's pace occasionally slowed and she stared up at the pieces .
tr	PRES	He pushes his face into mine and presses his lips on the side of my face .
tr	PAST	I rinsed off my hands in the sink at the end of the barn , then made my way over to a bunch of hay bales .
tr	PAST	He floated across the sky toward the pool , settling to earth behind her .
tr	PRES	A tear slowly falls down his cheek .
tr	PRES	" Sex slave ? "
tr	PAST	The falcon acted as though nothing unusual had happened , flying away once she had eaten .
tr	PAST	Scrambling to his feet , Trent tugged his suit straight .
tr	PRES	He holds a hand to his eyes , searching .
tr	PAST	One by one , signs in store windows were flipped , doors propped open to catch the early morning breeze .
tr	PAST	Though I didn 't know what they were , I sensed the danger they brought .
tr	PAST	" I would , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	" Elise , " Abe chokes out .
tr	PRES	I spring and bound across the room straight for the ones coming at me and I take two down .
tr	PAST	Soul giggled and faded away .
tr	PAST	He crouched , watching his captor with eyes baleful as those of a basilisk .
tr	PRES	A short portly man stands and waves his hand about to the others .
tr	PAST	Eleanor thanked her and took it , making herself not snatch it out of the maid 's hand .
tr	PAST	" You implied it , " she countered .
tr	PAST	His sudden adventurous streak appealed to her reckless nature .
tr	PAST	Cupping the soft mound , he gently caressed her as he nibbled his way from her lips down the slender column of her throat .
tr	PRES	More metal slugs rip chucks of flesh and armor from the dead corpses until the mess on the bulkhead is gruesomely unrecognizable .
tr	PAST	Then Lucien 's gaze roamed over my face .
tr	PRES	I snap my fingers impatiently at the one who looks like he might be their leader .
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't someone at least add a little seasoning to the broth ? "
tr	PAST	The automaton uttered a guttural growl .
tr	PAST	Bickel sensed the ship and its pressures on him - the steady , solid motion of matter bound outward from the sun .
tr	PRES	It passes between two rows of skyscrapers dotted with lights , flies over the outskirts and skims over the treetops of a luminescent wood .
tr	PAST	His stomach rumbled and he decided he might as well go set the table or whatever might move the dinner process along .
tr	PRES	He stands there frozen for a long time .
tr	PAST	No one doubted that they were looking for a serial killer .
tr	PRES	" You miserable hobbit !
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed white at the edges of the irises as she spoke .
tr	PAST	It also highlighted to me that , even with more than ten hours ' rest , I felt worse than I had yesterday .
tr	PAST	They seem to be happy that you are staying for a while longer , " she revealed the juicy details of her secret .
tr	PAST	Then his gloomy eyes brightened . '
tr	PAST	" He was my dad , " he sobbed again .
tr	PAST	The girls , tied up and gagged , attempted to squirm farther back into the filthy recesses of the camper .
tr	PAST	We shuffled through the door .
tr	PAST	She jabbed his shoulder with her finger , scowled , and asked , " Why are you always taking my knives away ? "
tr	PAST	She washed the last dishes and put the tray in the china cupboard .
tr	PAST	She almost dared Duncan to get in her way .
tr	PRES	It changes your perspective . "
tr	PAST	It neared dinnertime , and he thought a shower and a nap might be nice before the evening session .
tr	PRES	Serena glances over her shoulder and the entire King 's Guard comes into view .
tr	PRES	" That motto holds true only in public .
tr	PRES	To paraphrase the ancient Chinese strategist , Sun Tzu , within such chaos lies opportunity . "
tr	PRES	At least two nails , a nice , long , scratch . "
tr	PRES	The tortoise opens his mouth again .
tr	PAST	Love , Seth Kendra reread the note in stunned disbelief .
tr	PAST	The tires rumbled along the asphalt .
tr	PAST	Wallace inwardly thanked satellite mapping , as they remained on course to the island .
tr	PAST	I whirl around on my toes and take off down the field .
tr	PRES	A couple of lights shone dimly lighting up the main street area .
tr	PRES	" I witness and record this . "
tr	PRES	I chew on my thumb as he climbs in and starts the engine by pressing a button .
tr	PAST	And yet I sensed that something terrible had already been put into motion - something we might not be able to stop .
tr	PAST	Then he saw Lauren towards the back in the arms of another man , their silhouette highlighted by the brightness of the fields behind the opened doorway .
tr	PRES	As we wait , March wraps his arms around me .
tr	PAST	The figure ambled past the soldiers and stopped beside the lieutenant , who shined his flashlight around .
tr	PRES	Another ice-cold hand grasps me and rips a blood-curdling scream from my throat .
tr	PRES	" Shit , I 'm so sorry , Vela .
tr	PRES	He returns to the bar where Ryan has texted Andy that Bader has started his laptop .
tr	PAST	Without warning , a section of the roof collapsed beneath us .
tr	PRES	" He visits you at midnight ?
tr	PAST	He seized the lashing tail and gave a yank .
tr	PAST	Jared sat at the bar , the heels of his boots hooked on the barstool , sipping from a beer .
tr	PRES	" And Mommy loves Daddy . "
tr	PAST	She pondered over which robe she should wear .
tr	PRES	Comfortable , practical , good-looking .
tr	PRES	Then he holds me in his arms and we drift off to sleep , relaxed and satisfied .
tr	PRES	Right down sharp to a place almost below the falls .
tr	PRES	A marine guard , holds the car door open .
tr	PRES	Then he stuck it in the receptacle and now the ship is powering up , " the technician explains with disbelief .
tr	PAST	Jack swiped an onion ring from my plate , and I snatched one of his fries .
tr	PAST	She collapsed onto the couch .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the sink , figuring she 'd make room for it in the refrigerator after she unloaded the bags of groceries waiting on her counter .
tr	PAST	The smile on his face faltered .
tr	PAST	She squinted , her eyes slowly adjusting to the sunlight that streamed through the glass doors of the balcony .
tr	PRES	" Your vampire training begins . "
tr	PRES	Before I can ask what he 's doing , he clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Two guys played tag down the hall , their footsteps ringing out on the hard floor .
tr	PAST	So , he unfolded it , noticing as he did so that the fine quality paper bore a coat of arms and the handwriting was immaculately formed .
tr	PRES	she whispers and a relieved laugh puffs from my mouth .
tr	PRES	Thanks to him , now I belong to the Elects . "
tr	PRES	His work experience ranges from research to general management in multinationals and state companies .
tr	PRES	The room falls silent .
tr	PAST	I limped a few steps and then stumbled again .
tr	PAST	I stayed upright until sleep threatened to knock me to the floor , then clumsily shuffled to the bed and climbed beneath the covers .
tr	PRES	The heat from his skin on mine tingles its way through my body , fueling my need to be closer , to have more .
tr	PAST	Gravel and dust kicked up by the wheels created a dark following cloud which the car could not escape in the morning heat .
tr	PAST	She attended evening classes as a freshman at a private college nearby .
tr	PAST	Moving a little more carefully , he wriggled over to the side of the truck and had a peek out .
tr	PAST	An all too familiar accent pierced my dark thoughts .
tr	PAST	I tipped my head up and saw Deuce staring down at me .
tr	PRES	" They cheat . "
tr	PRES	Then the orange car speeds up .
tr	PRES	" Her lawyer ? "
tr	PAST	The new Fila preferred beige .
tr	PRES	You underestimate my power ! "
tr	PRES	" More beautiful than ever - and with a sensible hair ornament .
tr	PRES	Cracking one eye to look at me , he murmurs .
tr	PAST	Children , knowing no better , bounced on the cots and played with broken toys and forgotten boxes .
tr	PRES	The king sighs , leaning back in his throne and rubbing his temples .
tr	PAST	" Your daddy liked math , " the man rumbled from behind her .
tr	PRES	Red tears streak his face .
tr	PAST	The way they asked always bothered her , as if they had this , well , hunger for bad news .
tr	PAST	I faked a cough and plucked at his left sleeve .
tr	PRES	' She likes me . '
tr	PAST	Lili leaped forward , slipping by the howling beast at an angle .
tr	PRES	" Jesus , " I mutter , shaking my hand .
tr	PRES	Some katas involve vigorous arm movements enhancing your cardiovascular upper body strength .
tr	PRES	His serious tone throws me , and I 'm touched by this rare glimpse into his life .
tr	PRES	Did you sell your delectable body to the bank teller as a bribe ? "
tr	PRES	It danced and flickered as always , not changing in any unexpected way .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	The bed was enormous , a big four-poster of carved exotic wood , with wrought iron embellishing it .
tr	PAST	Then , cursing and grumbling to himself , he stomped back up the yard and stopped in front of the prisoner working in the garden .
tr	PRES	Best not even ponder it .
tr	PRES	Her dark blue eyes are piercing and fierce visibly drinking in everything she sees .
tr	PRES	Jez rolls backwards and helps me from the deer , the fresh mountain air brings back the awful stench of decay as we emerge .
tr	PRES	' And Robert ? '
tr	PAST	" Oh , poor baby , " she crooned , almost as if he really were a pet .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	Slamming the door open , Melissa pushes me inside the room while the surprised teacher and other students stare at me enter .
tr	PRES	His voice drips with contempt .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked out .
tr	PAST	And that truth lingered for a long time on the long ride .
tr	PAST	I coasted downhill and replayed the last week in my head .
tr	PAST	Surreal pondered the plate of food .
tr	PAST	I pedal off the gravel road and onto the asphalt , glancing behind me to make certain no cars are coming .
tr	PRES	' What about spice ?
tr	PAST	Shadows of approaching figures dimmed the hall in the forward car .
tr	PRES	She removes her hand .
tr	PRES	" Well , maybe she sells the teeth to the Chinese who grind them up as an aphrodisiac . "
tr	PAST	On cue , my stomach pinched with hunger .
tr	PAST	Sweat collected under her helmet , dampened her hair , ran down the back of her neck .
tr	PRES	" You sound just like her , " a woman sighs , emerging from the darkness .
tr	PAST	But he could have easily skipped his medication .
tr	PRES	Intelligent , beautiful , caring .
tr	PAST	The owl hooted again .
tr	PAST	" That 's it , " Claire stated .
tr	PAST	My lips curved into a sad little smirk .
tr	PRES	Great , so I 'd lied and forced entry , just add it to my list of laws I was already breaking .
tr	PAST	She doubted that she would wear it , but just in case she got really desperate while down there she would have it .
tr	PAST	If you do not survive , you doom her to death , or at best a half life . "
tr	PRES	" I strive for nothing if not mediocrity , and mediocrity is hardly different .
tr	PAST	One pierced the top of the fire extinguisher beside Levi , sending an explosion of the white foamed cloud in all directions .
tr	PAST	They destroyed with their words .
tr	PAST	" Todd did teach me , " she countered , doing her best to keep her bottom lip from quivering .
tr	PRES	" I love you , Maggie May Young .
tr	PRES	It falls apart if we can 't reach them , and we 're back to the starting line .
tr	PAST	The glass in both windows shattered and fell to the floor , and a lamp on the bedside table exploded in a shower of green ceramic .
tr	PRES	And she begins pushing her black panties down .
tr	PAST	He eyed my flats .
tr	PAST	Elena eyed his offering doubtfully .
tr	PRES	I take a step back , it never ceases to amaze me how women can change their mood so quickly .
tr	PRES	" I assume you made your own weapons sweep of the building . "
tr	PRES	Well , I limp most of the time but I really limp when I 'm tired . "
tr	PRES	" That stands to reason they are only going after people .
tr	PRES	I clutched Mark 's letter in one hand , my fingers damp on the paper .
tr	PRES	Linda wove her own story in with her daughter 's .
tr	PAST	He defended with one blade and slashed with the other .
tr	PAST	Her wound pricked , pulsed .
tr	PAST	He sought the silver inside him and considered the shape that would best and quickest pierce his heart .
tr	PAST	They visited us some .
tr	PRES	" I ... um ... it 's ... There 's definitely something .
tr	PAST	Jazz grunted around a mouthful of French fries .
tr	PAST	I flicked my eyes over him .
tr	PAST	Rebecca and Jessica eyed one another .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , coming to settle beside her .
tr	PAST	She adjusted Rachel 's veil and directed the guards manning the doors to go ahead and open them .
tr	PRES	" We fey have no need of such an object . "
tr	PRES	I mumbled , heavy with sleep .
tr	PRES	He slams his fist into the rock wall so hard that the earth around us trembles .
tr	PAST	" Where Cody ... died .
tr	PRES	" A best seller ?
tr	PAST	I smacked Bennett hard across the face and then pushed myself off the ground .
tr	PRES	Finally , he asked me , " Bella , if I told you that I couldn 't fix these bikes , what would you say ? "
tr	PAST	At seven that evening , we quit .
tr	PAST	The Lord Ruler 's words proved true , however .
tr	PAST	Finally , with a glare in his direction , Kinsey exited the room , making him have to rush to catch up to her .
tr	PRES	' You surf ? '
tr	PAST	His world shrank to what he could see through his sights .
tr	PAST	" So you just ... crawled into bed with me ? "
tr	PRES	I say , my voice hoarse even to my own ears .
tr	PAST	Winston adjusted his BOSS helmet to keep it from tumbling off his head .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the folds and gently knelt , while everyone else remained standing .
tr	PAST	I freed the other two Vampires , then removed their restraints .
tr	PRES	Water impatiently pushes aside her sister and brothers , rushing in to claim what is rightfully hers once more .
tr	PRES	He recognizes it was a sign of you becoming ... well , you . "
tr	PRES	It sniffs the air like a dog and its lifeless eyes lock on me .
tr	PAST	Kara 's head floated away .
tr	PRES	He couldn , t quite tell why .
tr	PRES	A thought suddenly occurs to me .
tr	PAST	The T outlined every broad muscle of his chest .
tr	PRES	" The supplies ? "
tr	PAST	He froze , his body turning hard as stone .
tr	PAST	Then his hand tipped my chin down and held me still while his lips slid across my bruise .
tr	PRES	" The guitar ? "
tr	PRES	She braced one foot against the sofa , heaved him by the beard , and swung him to the floor .
tr	PAST	The police car door squealed as it opened .
tr	PRES	The tunnel was breaking apart , splits and cracks and rocks falling .
tr	PRES	As he does , Andrew whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall for support and feel myself sliding down as my legs get weak .
tr	PRES	He snorts without any humor .
tr	PAST	She matched him stroke for stroke with her tongue and fisted her hands in his hair .
tr	PRES	" Behind me , Egg . "
tr	PRES	She stands up and I follow her to a door .
tr	PRES	She snorts , " Has she been doing that a lot ? "
tr	PRES	She shrinks away from them on the bed , tucking her knees up to her chin .
tr	PRES	" Please , please just give them to me , " I mutter as I start to sweat .
tr	PAST	After Hilda said that , they received a visitor , which turned out to be Zora .
tr	PRES	Or can I tempt you with some other ... ' He waved his good arm towards the racks of equipment , ' ... stuff . '
tr	PAST	Bern limped over to rest of the stack of walls .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with red .
tr	PAST	" Well , you have to admit , " Sally said to Paolo , " neither one of you treated me very well today . "
tr	PAST	Chapter One Breezes tickled the treetops , and the roads and sidewalks were dotted with dampness from melted snow and ice .
tr	PRES	" The man wouldn 't speak , lass .
tr	PRES	He throws his arm around the shoulders of the girl before he leads toward me .
tr	PAST	They matched her own ; every wrinkle was the residue of how they 'd lived and what they 'd gained and lost .
tr	PRES	" Hey Mitch " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	" They agreed that this might not be the best place to have this meeting , " he reported .
tr	PRES	Unlike my quarters , which are well swathed , light streams into this room , almost shocking in its brightness .
tr	PRES	Things that might help me discover ... him ?
tr	PRES	" Impossible pup . "
tr	PRES	My ability lies in being able to see the inter-connected nature of humanity and the consequence of action . "
tr	PAST	As the day wore on , it proved that the promotion did increase business .
tr	PRES	" He still loves me ? "
tr	PRES	Though I don 't keep slaves .
tr	PRES	He led me out of the store , the minute we exited the cameras stormed at us , the flashes like miniature lightning strikes lighting our path .
tr	PRES	I assume the girls make their own dance outfits ? "
tr	PAST	They advanced farther into the forest .
tr	PAST	I strummed the wall as I dropped my hand to my side .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's entire body tensed as desperation flooded her .
tr	PRES	I assume it is work that reunites us ? '
tr	PAST	I faked a vision and sent Queen Nema after the Vampires for the Pendant , but it won 't last long .
tr	PRES	My deadened voice whispers through my quieting sobs .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm low around my waist and pulls me up against him .
tr	PRES	" She really likes you . "
tr	PRES	" The northern part curves just right .
tr	PAST	Her hands clutched at the straps , and I had a sudden impression she was holding her breath .
tr	PAST	Upon impact the crystal casing shattered , the mineral inside flared a brilliant white , and a tremendous explosion blasted the gate into kindling .
tr	PRES	He let her paw him , his chuckles escalating into guffaws .
tr	PRES	" She can 't , " Cordelia whispers to herself , crossing her arms .
tr	PRES	" Well , Fin tends to most days of the week , and him sending back this particular horse ?
tr	PRES	She pinches the back of my neck and another laugh escapes me .
tr	PRES	" Street tacos ? "
tr	PRES	Jase begins unpacking a shipment of nails .
tr	PRES	Now she hates ogres . "
tr	PRES	My brother likes his smaller space upstairs because he thought it was cozy .
tr	PAST	She doubted he 'd be cruel , but was thoughtless indifference any less unkind than outright abuse ?
tr	PAST	Blood soaked her shirt .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted with a gold signet ring on his right hand , which bore a complicate crest .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a voice emerged at the entrance of the room .
tr	PAST	She dumped Ghost from her lap , and they gathered up the dishes to wash and dry .
tr	PAST	He stomped from foot to foot and pointed at his shirt .
tr	PRES	Another voice enters the fray .
tr	PRES	Father never passes up an opportunity for a good argument , so he automatically defended the texts while I attacked them .
tr	PAST	He then evidently convulsed , falling forward , cutting his temple against the edge of a sharp object on his desk .
tr	PRES	A comforting hand touches my back .
tr	PRES	Curtis reaches out to an intercom device on the wall and says simply " Security to room 15 , floor five , please " .
tr	PRES	" You belong with me ! "
tr	PAST	Jen dismissed his comment and the negative emotions that went with it .
tr	PAST	A fountain of dirt exploded out of the hole , and Viktor felt a tremendous tidal wave of oncoming blackness .
tr	PAST	He yawned while the nurse watched , and closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	Hope creeps along his face .
tr	PRES	When she neither replied nor gave him the music , he thumped his baton on the floor again , startling her , snatching her attention back .
tr	PAST	The movement cost him precious instants and inches .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I always thought your sister Tabitha was a bit wacked . "
tr	PAST	At some point , I vow to tell her the truth , but now is not that time .
tr	PRES	He wears it well ; in my absence , March has become downright distinguished .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PRES	" Well ... " Serena stops walking and crosses her arms , turning to Kai .
tr	PAST	Satan and Lucifer recruited , lured , turned good to evil purpose , wherever they could , but they could not create life .
tr	PAST	They represented all genders , sizes , ages and races .
tr	PRES	" What kind of sauce ? "
tr	PAST	You 'll understand someday , " Marguerite defended .
tr	PRES	Instead she carries on , seemingly carefree , laughing at the talkative old cook with the gift of gab .
tr	PRES	My mom approaches me right as I open the front door .
tr	PAST	Anger washed through Elena , anger and protectiveness .
tr	PAST	An electronic beeping announced their entrance into the convenience store .
tr	PRES	" And what of your prospects ? "
tr	PAST	Behind them , most of the zombies fanned out .
tr	PRES	Riley charged , fists up , head down .
tr	PRES	" Kill , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Noah stormed upstairs , and I was left behind , like an extra in Noah 's life .
tr	PAST	The woman stiffened , then suddenly looked pleased .
tr	PAST	She giggled and slapped his bare chest .
tr	PAST	It looked old , the casing tarnished to a graying rust color .
tr	PAST	He plunged into her again as her legs tightened around him .
tr	PRES	He likes Annie and everything .
tr	PRES	" Today we discuss what 's been going on .
tr	PAST	Gabby exhaled and went absolutely limp , just soaking up the bliss of knowing it was over .
tr	PRES	That changes it forever . "
tr	PAST	She appealed to him on such a basic level that logic had no control .
tr	PAST	It collapsed in agony while she swiftly kicked the second one to the ground .
tr	PAST	A touch of the old childhood fear washed over her , leaving her with feelings of abandonment .
tr	PRES	Her eyes gloss over slightly .
tr	PRES	From his anxious whisper , I know he is not talking about hearing my family , he hears them .
tr	PAST	I scooted in close against James , nearly touching h * ps when we got into his town car .
tr	PAST	Kylie stormed into the office , leaving Jonathon behind .
tr	PRES	We affect one another no matter what .
tr	PAST	Isaac 's jaw tensed .
tr	PAST	Vain Glory proved an excellent scout .
tr	PRES	I snuck in and hid silently .
tr	PRES	She giggles , covering her mouth with her gloves .
tr	PAST	He replaced my chains , too , while someone that I couldn 't see beyond the cell door handed off a unit of blood .
tr	PAST	Kate half sobbed and obeyed .
tr	PAST	Throwing caution to the wind , he inquired , " Would somebody please tell me what just happened , Hawk ? "
tr	PAST	Hasn 't everyone ? "
tr	PAST	EVERYONE abandoned the show within the first half hour .
tr	PAST	His mind churned with violence .
tr	PRES	" What are you doing , Annie .
tr	PRES	" My headaches are worse , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	It holds up well .
tr	PRES	" He loses both ways . "
tr	PAST	With that , Skyler rummaged through several desk drawers until he came across what he was searching for .
tr	PRES	His eyes shine as he settles back , preparing to make me work for it .
tr	PAST	' And then they wrap you in bandages .
tr	PAST	Both the carriage and the DOB are required to return to ... " " ... the family ID , ya don 't got . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , maw , " and Nate did as he was told , closing his eyes to rest .
tr	PAST	" I gave him a lighter punishment while also showing you how to grow your powers , " he countered in a seductively smooth voice .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	It never affects just you . "
tr	PAST	The Officer stated Rhodes ' behavior was sufficiently contentious to ask him to move to the sidewalk , away from the car .
tr	PRES	" This thing uses a lot of power .
tr	PRES	One of her attempts at killing Adolf .
tr	PRES	" No ... " I mutter with my eyes shut .
tr	PAST	My eyes sought out the twin hearts on Dare 's chest .
tr	PRES	" The Contract states that I cannot be forced to kill men . "
tr	PRES	Then ... she hears it .
tr	PRES	Too bad it belongs to Doug and Elyssa .
tr	PAST	Watching their clothes ruffle appealed to the men , for they always liked to see more skin .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , makes your scream sound like a tweet , " I teased .
tr	PAST	The President 's secretary received a call , then stood and motioned to them .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" That 's my brother 's , " Kayden states with a noticeable rise in the pitch of his voice .
tr	PRES	Smiling , he opens his mouth , like he wants me to give him a fry .
tr	PAST	At least he quit school soon after beginning ninth grade .
tr	PAST	She doubted it would be pretty .
tr	PRES	It holds all the information I need to show you . "
tr	PAST	A small display projected in front of her .
tr	PAST	Heart pounding , I pulled my hands back , folding them across my chest .
tr	PAST	Chase readjusted in his seat , making the leather crinkle .
tr	PAST	Marcello proposed once I was settled in their white guest room with arched windows framed by light-blue plantation shutters .
tr	PRES	The junior demon literally crumpled : " We ... " He stuttered . "
tr	PAST	Ashe stiffened and went completely still .
tr	PRES	She sees Brian emerging behind me .
tr	PRES	" Nice to meet you , Elijah .
tr	PRES	That stops tonight . "
tr	PAST	Lancaster eyed me with what could only have been suspicion .
tr	PAST	She dialed the number as Kyle read it off to her .
tr	PAST	He glowed with good health and prosperity down to the tips of his perfect fingers .
tr	PAST	Her hips circled Alexander 's waist and she felt his erection grow .
tr	PAST	I panicked , scared , and went to flee from his embrace , but he held me rooted to the sandy shore .
tr	PAST	A happy memory from his childhood , of his mother chasing him and Andre through the grove , paraded through his thoughts .
tr	PRES	With a grumble , Isaiah 's Mustang lurches forward then stops just short of hitting the guy .
tr	PRES	He falls to his knees .
tr	PRES	Lia finally turned her head toward mine , her dark eyes gleaming with tears she would never let herself shed .
tr	PAST	He even sensed that on some level , she wanted him to do precisely that almost as much as he was tempted to do it .
tr	PRES	Pete slides behind the wheel , adjusts the seat and the mirrors , and looks over at me .
tr	PAST	I crawled as the carpet fabric dug into my flesh .
tr	PRES	So I settle on asking , " Do you know who did this to me ?
tr	PAST	Celeste motioned to Howie to take Alex downstairs to their cabin who nodded in agreement .
tr	PRES	Byron rises cautiously to his feet , swearing .
tr	PRES	Her third wolf falls with an arrow to the neck .
tr	PAST	Scott balled up a paper napkin and aimed it for the trash can .
tr	PAST	Her brother clutched at her and heaved her up .
tr	PRES	" Claire , the song talks about a Dark King .
tr	PRES	With a voice that rang in the rafters she cried out , " OH NO ! "
tr	PRES	Sydney lets me go , and guides me to take the first step .
tr	PRES	John scampered along behind them , anxious not to be left out .
tr	PAST	Dean slapped Nick 's hand away .
tr	PRES	Her torso rises to meet with mine .
tr	PAST	Almost immediately , he withdrew his erection and eased me around .
tr	PAST	I thanked God for my health and the health of my family , and asked forgiveness for my transgressions .
tr	PAST	It rasped , " You remember long , dark , lustrous hair you never had .
tr	PRES	That strikes me weird , too , akin to asking a patient to consult on her own surgery .
tr	PAST	Six days after he sent a telegram east , Horner received a return visit .
tr	PRES	He stares back until the Mog begins making his cuts ; precise , surgical slices that must hurt like hell but aren 't deep enough to kill .
tr	PRES	The air around it stank of death and graveyards .
tr	PRES	Then , " When you can prove you 're strong enough to protect her , summon me again .
tr	PAST	No more skipped practices .
tr	PRES	With a comforting pat on her head , Link breathes a chuckle and steers his horse toward the farm .
tr	PRES	" The city council wishes an audience with you . "
tr	PAST	He attempted to swim towards the yacht .
tr	PAST	He doubted they could learn anything new up here .
tr	PAST	Then the bell chimed over the door of the coffee shop , alerting them to a new customer .
tr	PAST	He seized the handle , but even though he tried shaking , twisting , and rattling , it wouldn 't budge .
tr	PRES	He carries me gently back to my cottage and into the house , sitting me on the sofa .
tr	PAST	I slapped his arm .
tr	PAST	With that , I flung the door shut and sagged against it .
tr	PRES	Eddie considers shaking my hand , decides against it .
tr	PAST	The man collapsed to the ground on his back .
tr	PRES	' Hotels for mistresses , taxis from Glasgow , flowers for forgotten wives on Valentine 's Day .
tr	PRES	A door slams , and then I hear a call , but it 's like I 'm underwater .
tr	PRES	Warm , beautiful woman met his hands , her skin satiny , the slightest bit damp from her shower .
tr	PRES	Brenda never forgave her father for selling her , but she did not hold the transaction against Tonio .
tr	PAST	" Let 's get out of here , " he stated , looking around the house with disgust .
tr	PAST	She experienced a wave of gratitude that he hadn 't come through with that one and she hastily thanked him .
tr	PRES	" To whom did it belong ? "
tr	PRES	He teased and flattered her , and she soaked up every word like a flower desperate for attention . "
tr	PAST	Aren 't you engaged ? "
tr	PRES	Besides , " I teased .
tr	PRES	But from the cradle they teach us to jump up and down when we see a flag , or when they play some stupid patriotic song .
tr	PRES	" It relaxes my back .
tr	PAST	His ears flicked , acknowledging my presence , but he didn 't move .
tr	PAST	I stole and swindled until I had the largest mining operation in all of Eastland .
tr	PAST	She masks a slight sense of incredulity behind a casual laugh .
tr	PAST	The impact exploded the creature 's gut , spraying foul liquid over me .
tr	PRES	Whether she did or didn 't , the wood slivers still implicated him and had to be investigated .
tr	PAST	Like flies on a bad banana , guilt buzzed around her chest .
tr	PAST	The President outlined what action the national government was taking in bringing the perpetrators of the financial collapse to justice .
tr	PAST	I plopped down on a stool and logged in to the computer system .
tr	PRES	Cool air skates down my abdomen .
tr	PAST	She downed the rest of her champagne .
tr	PRES	I think when you grow up with them together , you just always assume they will stay together .
tr	PAST	Finn scoffed and stormed out .
tr	PAST	Charles smiled , thanked our waitress as he paid the bill , and we headed out the door .
tr	PRES	The duchess arose slowly , her shoulders stiff as she turned to Jordan .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and cooed down at her son .
tr	PRES	Wayland suspects them of trying to build loopholes into the Law .
tr	PAST	He endured them with a slightly bored expression , standing at the center of the room with his hands folded demurely over his privates .
tr	PRES	Adel first tries the airport asking about how he can start his own shuttle van business .
tr	PAST	Dewi looked at her with disbelief , the tabloids never reported her to be so beautiful .
tr	PAST	" Time to go in , " Laurent announced .
tr	PAST	I eventually fanned out through the suburbs where the firms are much smaller and the jobs even scarcer .
tr	PRES	The same Crawler lurches forward and grabs me by the neck .
tr	PAST	When Lara finished with the faxes and overseas calls , she buzzed Charlie Hunter , an ambitious young man in charge of accounting .
tr	PRES	Footsteps echo behind me , and prickles shoot up and down my spine .
tr	PRES	And it hath a will .
tr	PRES	The dryer thumps in methodical cadence while Black Eyed Peas hammers my brain from the floor above .
tr	PRES	In turn they yell , " Clear ! "
tr	PRES	" You wouldn 't know , 'cause they fawn over you al the time .
tr	PAST	She stormed toward the door .
tr	PAST	The entire drive to the center I toyed with whether or not I should call Ash and tell him where I was going .
tr	PRES	" Sing something , François , " she begged .
tr	PRES	" That was the point , " Valerie states .
tr	PRES	' Ahhh , ' Cath sighs .
tr	PAST	She untied the leather pants and pulled them down his legs .
tr	PRES	When I lose it , it disappears , then reappears somewhere else and I have to find it .
tr	PAST	They crouched down for a minute in silence and confirmed the site had been deserted .
tr	PAST	The light reflected on their darkened skin and dark hair .
tr	PAST	" Hire me , " Molly piped up .
tr	PAST	Jin smacked into a tree and fell to his knees .
tr	PRES	" At least it fits . "
tr	PRES	The meteorite showers occur at clocked interludes at nine in the morning and three in the afternoon .
tr	PAST	When her gaze reached his lips , she tensed up and huffed .
tr	PAST	I wriggled out of my jacket and bent over one of the brown paper bags , tearing into it like a rabid badger .
tr	PRES	Gregori suffers the most .
tr	PRES	" You ready to roll , little mucky pup ? "
tr	PAST	He taps his arm hard with two closed fingers a few times until a thick vein pops up .
tr	PRES	I lean into him , exhausted from the long days .
tr	PAST	But his breaths still fogged .
tr	PAST	Brice circled her waist with his arm , but as he drew her close to his body he was very much aware he had crossed some line .
tr	PRES	They wove between stalagmites that sprung up like teeth from the damp cavern floor .
tr	PAST	Carolyn feared she 'd been a bitter disappointment to her delicate French mother .
tr	PRES	" What about mum ?
tr	PAST	The Emperor 's eyes brightened and he laughed aloud .
tr	PAST	Vader fumed as he ran down the hill .
tr	PAST	The elevator slowed to a stop .
tr	PRES	She favors cows in particular . "
tr	PRES	' Come , mistress .
tr	PRES	" Bonus points to anyone who knows why our economy really tanked when the U.S. market became unstable . "
tr	PRES	Almost nothing remains of District 12 .
tr	PRES	Damn noisy contraptions , those guitars . "
tr	PAST	The desperate souls braved the trek to the bayou despite the gossip that true evil now resided there .
tr	PAST	Her smile faltered briefly and she dropped her arms to her sides .
tr	PAST	Its monstrous nature replaced by a slender promise of virtue the further in it travelled .
tr	PAST	Then he crawled beneath the covers he 'd arranged and closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Come to me , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	He sensed me , and Jared sat back on his haunches and shifted to look at me over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	Dipping the quill in the black ink pot , I scribbled out my own reply on the thick yellowed paper sitting empty on the desk .
tr	PAST	The arrow pierced the bloom , sending a spray of red into the air around the stem .
tr	PAST	Milton never bothered me again .
tr	PRES	When the door is shut behind us , Honour sighs .
tr	PRES	" You didn 't embarrass me , sweetie .
tr	PAST	I squinted to see against the darkness .
tr	PAST	Her skin revealed her age , thirty or forty , her eyes still full of life .
tr	PAST	" We skipped class last week , took a nap in the courtyard . "
tr	PAST	" Not so , " I countered .
tr	PRES	She states that the closer the crowd got to the end of the platform , the closer the crush became . "
tr	PRES	He glances around as though searching for something and then slowly pivots and locks his gaze on me .
tr	PRES	The new carpets ... " " And baseboards , " Donny cut in .
tr	PRES	Despite its lack of any overt sexuality , much lies boiling beneath the gloomy , sharp-edged black and white surface .
tr	PAST	He extended an unexpectedly clammy hand to greet the man , which was appreciatively received .
tr	PRES	Nearly six thousand personnel in total .
tr	PRES	Jamie holds up a larger manila envelope in his other hand .
tr	PAST	The burly man saluted and sped off toward a nearby group of soldiers .
tr	PAST	His shadow revealed what looking at him directly did not .
tr	PAST	Jean-Pierre 's eyes flicked around the shop , but it was empty of anyone but Bones and himself .
tr	PAST	Silky and cool to the touch , it glided easily whenever she moved -- like a sail in the ocean breeze .
tr	PAST	And then two more emerged from the dark .
tr	PRES	He hears my voice hitch and become smaller , more strained as the story goes on .
tr	PAST	I regarded him steadily .
tr	PAST	Vulcan exclaimed , his face brightening .
tr	PAST	" You 're tired , " Blake announced .
tr	PAST	So Violet always treated him as a third parent .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes not still in one piece , I assume ? "
tr	PRES	Olaf points his machine guns at me , smiling triumphantly , as if he 's already won the battle .
tr	PAST	He cringed and searched my face .
tr	PAST	He lied to you .
tr	PAST	The car zigzagged past , missing Emily by mere inches .
tr	PAST	She screeched loudly as her foot caught on something .
tr	PRES	She fits all the requirements . "
tr	PAST	Julian cocked his head .
tr	PRES	" I think one of them had a gun , " I shout back , weaving around a slow-moving sedan .
tr	PRES	He helps slide me back into bed and pulls the covers up over me .
tr	PAST	Steele and his team dove behind the pile of bags and supplies .
tr	PRES	" Grace deserves a chance to live . "
tr	PRES	William holds out his elbow and I take it .
tr	PRES	Tobias clutches my hand .
tr	PRES	" Not at all , citizen . "
tr	PAST	He squinted in the porch light , which he 'd flipped on only moments before .
tr	PRES	she mumbled under her breath .
tr	PAST	Not until you barged into my world , and stood by me while I was under fire .
tr	PRES	As soon as they all see me , they 're worried expressions relax .
tr	PAST	During his growing years , I visited monthly to observe and check his body .
tr	PAST	At last Onyx said with a little smile , " Ready for the lion 's den , then ? "
tr	PRES	Baker tries not to laugh at Crawley 's predicament .
tr	PAST	The girl brightened a little .
tr	PRES	" Dr. Janelle here , " she mutters , pausing to listen to whoever is on the other end of the line .
tr	PRES	" Oh god , not again . "
tr	PRES	" I have all I need right here , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	" Mrs. Anderson , " he said , dipping his head toward the other woman in acknowledgment .
tr	PAST	She sensed energy shiver in the atmosphere around him and knew that he had heightened his talent .
tr	PRES	Baron folds his hands and rests them on his stomach .
tr	PRES	" Really , Elijah ?
tr	PRES	Andy 's eyes bulge when he sees the bridge , but all he says is , " The front door , Cricket .
tr	PRES	She beamed and gently took it from him .
tr	PAST	' What celebrate , Raj ? '
tr	PAST	Bea stormed out while Loki gave me a wink before shutting the door .
tr	PRES	" As you " re the annoying big brother who tries to tell me how to run my life , " Kari teased .
tr	PRES	" Can we dispense with the Ms. Savage ?
tr	PAST	" Who cleaned the blood out of the boat for me ?
tr	PAST	She tugged on his hand to make him stop his progress around the back of the falls .
tr	PRES	" I 'm just so happy that the two of you are much smarter than us , " my mom states .
tr	PAST	" No sir , you count back , Hank .
tr	PAST	He extended a well-manicured hand .
tr	PAST	Prentice thanked the hospital staff , patted Cartwright on the back , urging him on his way .
tr	PRES	" So what brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	Hemophilia passes from female to male , not the other way around .
tr	PRES	If you leave before the green light , then the red light flashes . "
tr	PRES	One more monumental apology .
tr	PAST	A smile curved my mouth as his eyes widened and I pushed the plunger .
tr	PRES	His voice cracks and he reaches over and touches Mark 's hand .
tr	PAST	I toyed around with my options .
tr	PAST	Fur sprouted along the back of his shoulders .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PAST	She must have sensed the change in his mood and offered one more playful quip .
tr	PRES	Then he turned and walked away , his bass chuckles resonating in the corridor , in her every cell .
tr	PAST	But a smile tugged at my lips despite the little seed of hopelessness that was stil buried deep inside me .
tr	PAST	She disconnected and opened the door to see Paul holding a tray .
tr	PRES	I discover that we 've come out in a small , open room .
tr	PAST	" Brother Bartholomew , will you escort Sister Rachel to the front , where she will receive the robes of righteousness ? "
tr	PRES	" You threaten the people I love . "
tr	PAST	He squirted her legs and she bent over so he could rinse her arms .
tr	PRES	Daniel stares at the list in his hand .
tr	PAST	" Cool , " Fiona chimed in .
tr	PAST	The publican 's wife chattered on , leaning on her hands until white ridges appeared on the sides of her palms .
tr	PRES	Fuck , fuck , fuck .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to reach across the table and cup her surprisingly full breasts in each of his hands .
tr	PAST	A ripple of notes emerged from the piano as Barbara began the song .
tr	PAST	His shadow lessened , but he did not quail or quake .
tr	PRES	Doug tries to put through a call to a computer in the storefront building in Wisconsin that serves as the Liberty Tea World Headquarters and Research Facility .
tr	PAST	She received near perfect marks .
tr	PAST	The thought horrified him .
tr	PAST	Linda 's accelerated mind slowed the fragments of glass rushing her kitchen .
tr	PAST	" Mamma claimed she had a feeling , and to her dying day she swore that feeling was the spirit of Stands Alone , whispering to her .
tr	PRES	It washes over me , and in just a few seconds my mind is going fuzzy .
tr	PAST	It served me well as jaws and I slid off the boat .
tr	PRES	We wait here in the kitchen , surround again by clutter and elephants , but it 's better than fingers and teeth .
tr	PAST	Ethan claimed I broke the Covenant .
tr	PAST	Khan navigated the Forbidden Sand like he was a part of the treacherous sea .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the veil again before turning to face the guards .
tr	PAST	Elspeth crouched beside Jess and held out her hands for Acheron .
tr	PAST	She dealt with the same overcrowded and apathetic system every day .
tr	PAST	Her fingers threaded through his .
tr	PAST	It was her first basketball game and I can guarantee that you 've made her a fan for life , " he announced .
tr	PAST	I squealed , pointing at him and bursting into another fit of giggles .
tr	PRES	" Not to mention shout at me . "
tr	PRES	-- She mumbled , but she didn 't say a word .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't , Roxy .
tr	PAST	Jason exited the SUV , gathered up everything , and walked the short distance to the house with his heart hammering and his nerves about shot .
tr	PAST	I doubted whether I would ever learn the truth , but I really didn 't care .
tr	PAST	They mourned their many dead .
tr	PRES	His voice dropped to a low whisper as he leaned in , squeezing more tightly , his forehead resting against the side of my head .
tr	PRES	In the room , stands a man with a dark complexion and well-kept beard , wearing a black cloak and a cocked hat .
tr	PAST	Sometime later , Gregor awoke to the sound of the others breathing .
tr	PRES	" No one invites him in . "
tr	PRES	Don 't worry about me , I cant even remember your second name anyway .
tr	PRES	" May God save us all from such a future , " Nicholas mumbled .
tr	PRES	The worry fades from his eyes , and I know that he believes me .
tr	PAST	The long cut on his face served to blind him as gore trickled into his eyes .
tr	PRES	Mary Elise leaned forward and tucked the sailboat blanket around Austin , his puffy breaths whispering over her wrist .
tr	PAST	" You named four of nine .
tr	PRES	Light bothers my eyes if I 'm just waking up and I 've always assumed there must be some cat genes in my make-up .
tr	PAST	But none of that bothered her .
tr	PAST	Pounding footsteps vibrated to him through the floorboards .
tr	PAST	Very little of the girl 's powers transmitted to her , but a part of her youth did .
tr	PAST	Although it was easier for us to move through the crowd -- our ' celebrity status ' lent us the Moses effect .
tr	PAST	Otherwise , he treated her more kindly than she ever would have expected .
tr	PRES	" Honestly , I don 't know , Willa .
tr	PRES	Maya climbs out of Aria 's arms .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PRES	We all swap anxious , frightened glances .
tr	PRES	He " d find out .
tr	PAST	He divided the Romanov family .
tr	PAST	Josh dove into the thick layer of brush and small trees that lined the clearing .
tr	PAST	The shuttle quieted some as we continued north , the occasional Reboot wandering up front to check out the view .
tr	PRES	A blaze of lights shone as two vehicles appeared .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , it 's nice up here , " I add , brushing the hair out of my face .
tr	PRES	They often target strangers .
tr	PAST	And proceeded to do something stupid .
tr	PRES	He slows down when he sees me , and drops into the chair next to mine .
tr	PRES	When she enters , she sees her boys are in bed with their eyes closed .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , wincing as I leaned in to inspect the wound , at least four inches long and two inches wide .
tr	PRES	She stops , but doesn 't bother to turn round .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us , taut as a violin string .
tr	PRES	" You better learn to know its true honey , " Daddy ruffled my hair .
tr	PAST	Other workers hauled in ice and a barrel of sawdust .
tr	PRES	" There was work to be done , lass .
tr	PAST	Rose attempted to hide her mortified expression as blood rushed to her cheeks .
tr	PRES	He never uses it .
tr	PAST	He bounced off with a loud clanging noise .
tr	PAST	" It chased me all the way home . "
tr	PAST	That gorgeous , slow smile curved his mouth again , making my pulse flutter again .
tr	PAST	I washed my face one-handed , brushed my teeth , and then skipped to my room .
tr	PAST	Julie sniffed the glass and shook her head at the scent of gin mixed with tonic .
tr	PRES	" My daughter loves anything pink . "
tr	PAST	" You battled a lion , Avery Rose , I 'm pretty sure you can manage a little jump . "
tr	PAST	Brett faltered again , his left arm spreading out for balance as his right one still pointed the kitchen knife at Jake .
tr	PRES	Holding onto the masked killer 's hand , she carefully climbs out of the van .
tr	PAST	We do need to make sure he has some ... uhm ... supplies waiting when he gets up , " Anita advised .
tr	PRES	" To target me . "
tr	PAST	My hands froze above his head .
tr	PRES	My bro loves you , like really loves you .
tr	PRES	And that brings us to something which has been very misleading in my language up to now .
tr	PAST	A low hum of arousal swirled inside her , pushing away the grating fatigue that had ruled her only moments before .
tr	PRES	" She loves you and Bret with all her heart and soul , Jacey .
tr	PAST	Other than the small gasp , Rush noted , she revealed no real fear .
tr	PAST	" You shouldn 't have volunteered to scout .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you say , Chester .
tr	PRES	It tingles on my lips and it vibrates through my body like sound down a tuning fork .
tr	PRES	" We 're not saying the date is going to get you married , bro .
tr	PRES	" I don 't need to hear that shit from you , too , " he states with an exaggerated sigh .
tr	PRES	I assume that 's why they went with the gardener .
tr	PRES	His shoulders broad , hips narrow .
tr	PRES	" Fill out the papers first , " she states firmly .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air above her head .
tr	PRES	" Coincidence to my talk ... , " I exhale .
tr	PRES	Before him were two long feasting tables , stretching across the room , overflowing with food - yet empty of men .
tr	PAST	Sight seeping back , her drugged eyes sought his , as if for answers .
tr	PRES	Does it involve humiliation and mortification on her part ? "
tr	PRES	Mari holds his heart and there is nothing else .
tr	PAST	Nomi reappeared in the bottle .
tr	PRES	' I assume that you have spent all morning and most of the afternoon in bed going over your battle plan and strategy ?
tr	PAST	Which only proved that Andreas was right .
tr	PAST	She trusted me to keep her safe , and I liked that .
tr	PAST	Well ahead of them now , the buyer limped beside Ansel toward a group of burdened mules at the front of the caravan .
tr	PAST	Their lifestyles often required a tuxedo .
tr	PAST	" A year ago I established a second ID for myself .
tr	PAST	She attempted to brush his hand away and take over holding the gown with her own free hand , but he ignored her efforts and merely scowled .
tr	PRES	Nobody else visits me so I doze off or spend time aimlessly flipping channels on the TV .
tr	PAST	She delighted at the song that filled the air .
tr	PRES	Only another thirty-five more people to go . "
tr	PRES	I scramble out of the car .
tr	PRES	" God baby drop it , " Rock begged .
tr	PAST	Her apology disarmed him , and all he could think of to say was , " That 's okay . "
tr	PAST	" I never sweep your issues aside , " he countered .
tr	PRES	" The cons ... " " Right back to the witchery .
tr	PAST	# # # # # # # # From Will 's journals : April 20 .
tr	PRES	" Shh , it 's alright sweetie . "
tr	PAST	She eyed his lack of drink and smirked , " Still are . "
tr	PRES	" It 's Pierce , " I murmur as more tears fall from my eyes at the mention of his name .
tr	PRES	Secretly hoping he doesn 't want me to go , I mutter .
tr	PRES	Barrett 's murder offers solid material . "
tr	PRES	" The gates of sexual ecstasy .
tr	PAST	What Donahue had said about her late husband provided the rest of her motivation .
tr	PAST	Dollop reverted to simplistic , Evil patter as the pair circled each other .
tr	PRES	" Nasty creepy things .
tr	PRES	Music from a back room seeps down the dim hall .
tr	PRES	Caroline buys one too and then purchases a necklace for me to wear even though I tell her I don 't need one .
tr	PRES	A two-hour swim at a brisk pace .
tr	PRES	I pul ed on the heavy earthen door .
tr	PAST	Not knowing what to think , and too tired to care , he quietly stripped off his clothes and slipped beneath a rumpled sheet .
tr	PRES	Despite my attempts to be quiet , my foot snaps a twig .
tr	PAST	He tensed next to me but he answered .
tr	PRES	" That 's right , it 's a hybrid , " Marshall offers .
tr	PAST	" You coward , " she accused , in a sharp whisper .
tr	PRES	Willingly , without a moment 's hesitation , she flings aside what remains of what had been so precious .
tr	PAST	Ren froze at the unexpected question .
tr	PAST	Spears , weapons twice as tall as a kobold held easily in one hand , pierced through scales and flesh .
tr	PRES	' One rule fits all ? '
tr	PAST	the princess shrieked horribly .
tr	PRES	" How about the mayor ? "
tr	PRES	She holds 'em in her heart .
tr	PAST	Jason selected a thick cut of steak and found it was the most succulent , perfectly seasoned meat he had ever tasted .
tr	PAST	I abandoned myself to the momentum .
tr	PAST	" That 's all over , " I reassured her .
tr	PRES	" It kills me to know you think that . "
tr	PRES	Still , even this late , one wishes , with the advent of the compact disc revolution , that it would be reissued .
tr	PAST	With her persistence the force field finally shattered .
tr	PAST	Deb flicked over a page of her notepad .
tr	PRES	A cell phone went off , its ringtone a Paul Simon song that Eve couldn 't quite place .
tr	PAST	A lopsided grin curved his lips .
tr	PAST	I piled mashed potatoes onto my plate .
tr	PAST	It vibrated beneath his hands and knees .
tr	PAST	Taking my fine Jesus ?
tr	PRES	" When I was fourteen . "
tr	PRES	He hobbled over to open it .
tr	PAST	But then Mrs. Fields stepped forward , her arms outstretched .
tr	PRES	My neighbour stops digging .
tr	PAST	Cold and bleak depression washed over her in waves .
tr	PAST	If only everything wasn 't so staged .
tr	PAST	But he stiffened even as the door creaked open .
tr	PRES	A large Cylon with a train of colored plastic and metal plates that dragged along the sidewalk passed between them and the steps .
tr	PRES	" You two complement each other perfectly .
tr	PAST	Red Talon inquired of his sister , Waving Willow , about the clan and marital status of Three Baskets .
tr	PRES	Oddly , it fills me with a warm glow .
tr	PAST	Wings flapped frantically , and those saber teeth made a play for his face .
tr	PRES	Not all that bears her name still lies under her dominion .
tr	PAST	The light wavered and then started to fade .
tr	PRES	We can talk hot chicks if it makes you feel better , " she offers .
tr	PRES	" What kind of a punishment ? "
tr	PAST	He mirrored her slow movements , always watching , always assessing .
tr	PRES	He strikes me as a survivor . "
tr	PRES	My head throbs with the need to scream .
tr	PRES	" Leave it to you sis to nearly get killed by one vamp and make out with another . "
tr	PRES	" No ' likely , witch . "
tr	PAST	He froze for a second , then said , " I 'll call you back , " and hung up .
tr	PRES	Her lips part as she stares at me .
tr	PRES	" What a shame ! "
tr	PRES	Jake stared back at her , his smile slowly fading .
tr	PRES	He lets go just as quickly and adds , " You have to wait for it to light up . "
tr	PAST	" Don 't you think it 's time that we wore the glasses normally so we can see people 's true natures " Natalie proposed .
tr	PRES	Sending a wheel spinning into the undergrowth , it flips over to die right there on the side of the road .
tr	PRES	Somewhere in the back of her mind drifts the thought that she should hear birds , seagulls or ducks , but the silence is endless and unbroken .
tr	PRES	It explains gravity as the action of tightly bundled strings ( as opposed to point particles ) that are so small that they can never be seen .
tr	PRES	" The sand yacht . "
tr	PAST	They joked around and had a great lunch in Little Italy , just down the street from the campus .
tr	PAST	His mother eyed Zoe warily .
tr	PRES	Then Kayden scoots forward and props his arms on the console .
tr	PRES	But in my vulnerable state , a sorrowful image pushes its way into my thoughts to remind me why the hearing is necessary .
tr	PRES	They all salute me when I approach .
tr	PRES	" The King wishes to speak with you in private . "
tr	PAST	Looking troubled , though .
tr	PRES	' OK ... I guess that 's fine then , ' I mumbled and followed her out of the building .
tr	PRES	Everyone else loves Powerhouse . "
tr	PAST	I wrung my hands where I could feel a tingle spreading from the tips of my fingers all the way to my elbows .
tr	PRES	His body lurches toward the phone .
tr	PRES	" Is it wise ... is it wise for you both to go ?
tr	PAST	A glint of something metal reflected off one of their waists , partly concealed by his shirt .
tr	PRES	The driver stops the vehicle and turns off the headlights .
tr	PAST	They slowed and walked silently , listening for anything out of the ordinary .
tr	PRES	" A Runner ? "
tr	PAST	Ethan taps his fingers on the table , and makes drum noises .
tr	PAST	Instead of the smell sending him into a bloodlust again , it only served to enrage him further .
tr	PAST	I perked up trying to remember if there was anyone else with them .
tr	PRES	A man stands beside me .
tr	PAST	She acted like she didn 't even notice .
tr	PAST	I inched closer , resting my forehead against his .
tr	PAST	A sense of freedom washed through him as he and his horse flew across the open field .
tr	PAST	Spencer stiffened and gave her a Please don 't tell anyone look .
tr	PRES	I lean close to his face .
tr	PRES	With his weight pressing into her , forcing her to revel in her own vulnerability ?
tr	PRES	" What kind of lessons ? "
tr	PAST	" They are moving the deadline up another day and we have to finish by tomorrow morning , " he joked .
tr	PRES	Of course , no one loves Timothy Hutchins more than the good people of Georgia !
tr	PRES	I assume you 've read the papers ? "
tr	PRES	Now it falls on her to track him down and apologize .
tr	PAST	She terminated the call before he could respond .
tr	PRES	She holds her breath and waits for the king to speak .
tr	PRES	She murmurs softly to me , her words nonsensical and reassuring , holding me while my body rids itself of the guilt and grief .
tr	PAST	Behind him , the paper rustled again .
tr	PRES	As long as you don 't touch them we should be fine , " she concludes as if the feat is no big deal .
tr	PAST	They grappled with me in the darkness , trying to get under the reach of my sword , trying to get behind me .
tr	PRES	She stares at Luthor 's immobilized form .
tr	PRES	" And Lex ? "
tr	PAST	In short order , Charlie 's phone buzzed with a reply .
tr	PRES	" Close the door first , please , Marley .
tr	PAST	" Which , of course , only served to remind me that I 'd been ignoring my own bladder for an hour or so .
tr	PAST	" Some big money to be made in Japan , then , " chimed in Jon .
tr	PAST	" I urged something like this on my father after we discovered you 'd been poisoned .
tr	PRES	Nine I ring the bell of her suite and a woman in a mannish suit and a brisk efficient air opens the door .
tr	PAST	" It was the only inactive vent ; it was the logical choice , " defended Dmitri .
tr	PRES	That brings us to the next part .
tr	PAST	He crawled a bit further up to the bordering trees , finally making it off the slope .
tr	PAST	It was almost as if he 'd had no choice in the matter , he acted as if someone was holding something over his head .
tr	PAST	I froze as I saw a deer run out to go and drink some water .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth in pain .
tr	PAST	Those still standing , rendered aid to those who weren 't .
tr	PRES	Anything you say , masters . "
tr	PRES	The fire within that releases the dead souls can also catch live ones as well if you veer too near its heated core .
tr	PAST	The car jolted with his weight .
tr	PAST	Sage grunted and held out a hand .
tr	PRES	We fuck people over , Gia .
tr	PAST	Then we proved it by booking not one but three .
tr	PAST	Then he cocked his head .
tr	PRES	" Damn , T-Rex , he really hates your ancestors . "
tr	PAST	He visibly shrank back without moving an inch , his tone shifting .
tr	PAST	Her muscles convulsed around his thick cock , clamping down , taking him with her over the edge .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm human , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	He floated through the front door like a butterfly and settled himself in a chair as if he had just ascended the throne ... as Queen .
tr	PRES	" Don 't hit me , I warn you .
tr	PRES	Some kind of energy pump which sucks up the energy and , somehow ... uh .
tr	PAST	I stormed out of the office .
tr	PAST	" You OK , Shane ? "
tr	PRES	" Elliot lets me do things my way .
tr	PAST	She swiped at her dress with both hands , making sure it was clean .
tr	PAST	On the third day of my arrival , a logistics crew erected a community head that accommodated three at one time .
tr	PRES	Rachel stops momentarily and taps some of the moss .
tr	PRES	" It doesn 't matter , " I mutter under my breath , gripping the watch in my hand as I watch him walk away .
tr	PAST	" A friend , " she at last gritted .
tr	PRES	Chapter Four " Oh , shit . "
tr	PRES	Ben hobbled over to the grizzly remains of the building he once owned .
tr	PRES	" It probably helps that you 've had extra time on your hands without basketball this semester , am I right ? "
tr	PAST	She unzipped her pink shirt , revealing gray thermal , which went up and off too .
tr	PRES	She loves Thomas more than all of our family put together ! "
tr	PAST	Picking up her fork , she tensed when she felt Zeke sit beside her .
tr	PRES	We stared up at the enormous concrete castle , this bizarre combination sandbox and jungle gym with a tire swing I used to love as a kid .
tr	PAST	A slight tint of pale green washed into his complexion .
tr	PRES	" Missing librarian . "
tr	PRES	Not if she died violently . '
tr	PRES	Lucy standing over them joins in the chant .
tr	PAST	I dreamed that monsters and wolves and ghouls lived here .
tr	PAST	" I slowed on purpose , " I lied .
tr	PAST	She downed two drinks , one after the other , then sat there , staring at the empty glasses .
tr	PAST	Tara cocked her head .
tr	PRES	She hurriedly untie the thin fabric on her hair and dressed the wound .
tr	PRES	" Hello Chloe . "
tr	PAST	Quentin cocked his head and leaned back in his chair .
tr	PAST	The elevator chimed out its tune .
tr	PAST	Feels so damn good , " he crooned , lacing his fingers into her hair as her tongue twirled around him from the inside .
tr	PAST	Shaking himself so that water flew everywhere , he yawned , stretched and trotted forward without looking back .
tr	PRES	Kelsey asked , a mischievous twinkle in her eyes .
tr	PRES	When Adel enters the Starbucks , he sees Nora at the counter ordering a coffee .
tr	PRES	Joel holds out a piece of thick ivory paper .
tr	PRES	" My wife likes that too .
tr	PRES	Heat creeps up my cheeks .
tr	PRES	Bob signals Blake to pull on the cable to start our descent .
tr	PAST	It suddenly glowed and the redness disappeared along with the pain .
tr	PRES	He wears a shirt , which looks like it may have been white once upon a time , but now is completely brown with dirt and blood .
tr	PAST	" Let me take care of that , " Lorraine volunteered .
tr	PAST	Arun regarded the small cup in his hands , and what little tea remained in it , for some time .
tr	PRES	The real moon shone through the casement window .
tr	PRES	She stops and spins toward me really quickly and bumps into my chest .
tr	PAST	At least he labeled it correctly .
tr	PAST	Rose pretended not to hear .
tr	PRES	Silence fills the stairwell .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to open a psychic detective agency , " Gwen announced .
tr	PAST	I tugged on Asher 's arm .
tr	PRES	My dad points into the darkness , beyond the collapsed wreckage of what used to be a watchtower , into the desert .
tr	PAST	He tensed slightly under my fingertips , but I didn 't stop my words .
tr	PRES	In the end , Deckard hauled the man up and put him back in the office with two of the Dobermans .
tr	PAST	The conversation baffled them both , though for a long time at the beginning , none of them said a word .
tr	PAST	I pinched myself in the arm .
tr	PRES	These pigs roam free and eat acorns and chestnuts . "
tr	PRES	They patrol these regions . "
tr	PAST	Long lines snaked around the rides .
tr	PAST	He nearly leaped out of his seat .
tr	PAST	Liza downed one shot and then the next .
tr	PAST	An arm circled my waist , stopping me .
tr	PAST	" Yes ... " John stated slowly , raising an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Murderous intent mingled with magic and I was completely focused on the looming battle ; but something familiar about the leader forced me to second guess myself .
tr	PRES	She enters alone , closing the door securely behind her .
tr	PAST	But he chided himself for such a ludicrous thought .
tr	PRES	" Got it , " she sighs , accepting the vial .
tr	PAST	He dismissed her with a wave .
tr	PAST	" What 's going on tomorrow , " Chuck inquired .
tr	PAST	" The couples have a cabin for themselves , " he announced .
tr	PRES	" Don 't go , Jess . "
tr	PRES	I froze , absolutely still , and then exhaled when I recognized the sound of Grace 's breathing .
tr	PRES	James abruptly stands and I find myself following him into his kitchen .
tr	PAST	The leader cocked his head to one side briefly and then shrugged .
tr	PRES	" Anything you set your mind to , you succeed at it .
tr	PRES	This borders on total nihilism and despair .
tr	PRES	A practice bubble ? "
tr	PRES	Tammie freezes as Ms. McLeod eyes the backpack on her bed .
tr	PRES	Coming from the noble 's tent , a servant hears what the noble is saying , " Who ? "
tr	PAST	She heard no familiar voice but to her , those stars , the Pleiades , shone their approval like a message from heaven .
tr	PAST	As he pulled away the sheet , Christian stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	Ava 's nerves exploded when she identified her deep feelings reflected back in his eyes .
tr	PAST	" It was over thirty years ago , " Thomas countered .
tr	PRES	Dodging around him , I leap to the ground .
tr	PAST	Then he selected a fallen branch and crashed it down on her head with as much force as he could muster .
tr	PAST	He was sprawled on top of the covers , propped up on some of the pillows with his hands resting behind his head .
tr	PAST	Her pulse boomed in her ears , blotting everything else out .
tr	PAST	Laughter prevented him from claiming the kiss he wanted .
tr	PRES	I relax , and I no longer feel like some kind of Divergent soldier , defying serums and government leaders alike .
tr	PRES	A white face shone through the mud in that brief moment .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	Mason 's mouth opens , but a scathing glare from me shuts him up .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head to the side .
tr	PAST	He reappeared almost exactly where he had been standing before .
tr	PRES	A light shone full in his face .
tr	PRES	" Are ye bein ' sarcastic ? "
tr	PAST	Eddie tensed , and I grabbed his arm .
tr	PAST	I washed my face and brushed my teeth in the bathroom , all the while thinking about those piercing blue eyes .
tr	PAST	Once he was through , the men hurriedly replaced the panels , thereby closing the fence behind the woman .
tr	PAST	He solved this problem by shifting his center of gravity down .
tr	PRES	' Turns out he 's a chip off the old block .
tr	PAST	He tipped his face forward until his forehead was resting against mine .
tr	PAST	" He stole the Device , and the partridge !
tr	PAST	" The last redhead who worked here stole a whole night 's receipts . "
tr	PRES	Aunt Letty sighs deeply and shakes her head .
tr	PAST	Peter 's plans horrified Evie .
tr	PRES	The cold air tingles on my skin as I step onto the porch , and the voices and music lower to a steady , unrecognizable hum .
tr	PAST	the pilot of the lead aircraft reported .
tr	PRES	" What signal ? "
tr	PAST	" My mother abused her power a lot . "
tr	PRES	I roam aimlessly , restlessly through the house .
tr	PRES	That suit produces the same outputs as the HS unit 's , right ? "
tr	PAST	The lines at the corners of Jocelyn 's mouth deepened .
tr	PAST	Years after that , wars eliminated whole nations .
tr	PRES	Micha speeds up , inching the front end toward the rear of the GTO .
tr	PRES	" A couple of blocks . "
tr	PAST	Got my popcorn ready . "
tr	PRES	It twitches again , and I meet his eyes .
tr	PRES	Ethan opens the back door and steps into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	A small turkey was roasting in the oven , stuffed with Steve 's favorite sage dressing .
tr	PAST	The boy tugged on the strap of his mother 's purse , which was draped over her arm .
tr	PRES	In fact , he begins to laugh .
tr	PRES	He sees the universe from what Gabriel Deluca calls the point of view of everything .
tr	PAST	The ground tipped under her feet as she struggled to finish the ritual .
tr	PAST	He flung a hand out sharply .
tr	PRES	The man stares out the window .
tr	PRES	" Love you too , Gladys . "
tr	PRES	Instead , my mind drifts to thoughts of my father , old Henry , who hasn 't had contact with his younger son in over four months .
tr	PRES	And I kind of like that whole royal highness thing .
tr	PRES	With you , I grieve over our dearest friend . "
tr	PRES	Yes , I spiked water bottles and left them in your parents ' car .
tr	PAST	A jagged piece of the bone pierced his skin , and blood dripped onto Lynn 's chest .
tr	PAST	The bottom of the boat soaked my knees , but I didn 't care .
tr	PRES	The agents hauled Rahim off .
tr	PRES	The phone buzzes again , and my nails press deeper into his flesh .
tr	PRES	He carries me down the hall and kicks his bedroom door open , his lips never leaving mine .
tr	PRES	His eyes dwelt on the waist length hair incandescent in the candlelight .
tr	PRES	She returns to her apartment for the first time in over a week and parks in a space she can see from her second-floor window .
tr	PAST	My hands sought warmth in my jeans pockets , my shoulders rigid as I joined the flock of students heading to morning classes .
tr	PRES	When the flame reaches the final slip of white , Chris flicks his wrist , putting out the match .
tr	PRES	" Just go swim really fast , okay ? "
tr	PAST	Although they ruled their people , their belief in the Gods ruled them .
tr	PAST	They coasted into Cory 's driveway .
tr	PAST	Dil squinted up the king 's nostril , trying to concentrate .
tr	PAST	" He 's in lust , " I countered drily , picking at the label on the bottle .
tr	PAST	Each thought lingered only for a few seconds and then I flipped to the next one like the channels of late-night television .
tr	PAST	As she studied the tome currently open , one hand tugged at locks of her black hair in a sign of extreme stress .
tr	PAST	Molly stifled her laugh .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and pulls my boxer briefs down and my dick springs free .
tr	PAST	She clipped the leash onto Jack 's collar .
tr	PAST	I advanced to within a foot of the desk and picked up my card .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the advice , creeper .
tr	PAST	That slowed my exit .
tr	PAST	I adjusted the barrel of my cannon to aim at the center of their backs , and waited for the right moment .
tr	PAST	They crawled out from under the stage to find everything coated with a fine layer of orange dust .
tr	PRES	" No , but my job brings out the serious side of me . "
tr	PRES	Jack rises to his feet and continues to hide the milk carton .
tr	PRES	Jeremy throws his head back and laughs .
tr	PAST	He eyed her for a second .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my hands .
tr	PAST	Something emerged from the star , accompanied by flares .
tr	PAST	" I should have bugged the barn , " Delilah stated in despair .
tr	PRES	... Are you backing out ? "
tr	PAST	Paul itched to know the relationship between them , but didn 't dare ask .
tr	PRES	Her lips part slightly and her body relaxes a little .
tr	PAST	Silvio cocked his head toward the dance floor .
tr	PRES	" Just mingle as much as you can so we get photos of everyone attending .
tr	PAST	The upper reaches rustled and sang with the swift retreat of winged things .
tr	PAST	His run slowed again to the erratic , jerky walk .
tr	PRES	" What if it fails ? "
tr	PRES	" The victim 's description fits a Shreveport woman who disappeared from her home a couple weeks ago .
tr	PRES	I mean , what kind of nut collects thousands of those from all over the world ?
tr	PAST	I dared move closer to her on the grass , asking " What 's wrong ? "
tr	PAST	Taking only time to take off his shirt and jeans , he crawled into bed next to her , automatically reaching for her .
tr	PRES	Finally , he falls over , letting out an animalistic grunt that is oh so hot .
tr	PRES	" Judging by the smile on your face , I assume you had an exceptional workout ? "
tr	PAST	" Good , " Gregori approved .
tr	PRES	I inhaled , pul ing the scent deep into my lungs , the perfume so fragrant and so potent I could nearly taste it .
tr	PAST	I pondered what he had said , then my heart stopped .
tr	PRES	Although I did detect a bit of a quarrel between you , did I not ? "
tr	PAST	And she slapped me again .
tr	PRES	Finally his lips part and words spill out . '
tr	PAST	Just as she started to depress the button on the time device , her cell phone vibrated in her pocket -- a text message .
tr	PAST	" I dreamed of who I thought was Beatrice , but she had your hair .
tr	PRES	Nothing too indecent , but it showed off her legs , and hugged her curves .
tr	PAST	... But despair washed over him once again , when the sun had gone down and he found himself at the supper board .
tr	PRES	A puff of powder rises up to tease my nose with the sweet scent of chocolate .
tr	PAST	Jayden proceeded to move around the buildings to where there appeared to be some sort of science lab .
tr	PRES	" If I may be so bold , would you convey my best wishes to him for a speedy recovery ? "
tr	PRES	" This is a fine mess , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	The man almost hooted .
tr	PAST	For a brief second , Carmine blanched in fear , but there was no hesitance in his steps .
tr	PAST	Avril wriggled just the tiniest bit in my lap and I squeezed her tighter .
tr	PRES	To this day I spare him a thought every now and then .
tr	PAST	Her hands fisted at her sides as she glared at him with fierce loathing .
tr	PRES	" What about Maggie ? "
tr	PRES	She likes how alive and free she feels now that she 's with me .
tr	PRES	The old door creaks on its rusty hinges as the straight staircase is revealed beyond the threshold .
tr	PAST	Carl Luck slapped him on his back reassuringly , and the two men headed off toward a bank of elevators .
tr	PRES	Because he loves him . "
tr	PRES	And it shone slightly just before I killed the last snow scorpion , but I think that was just a fluke .
tr	PAST	Before he even raised his hand to knock on her front door , Atlas announced his arrival with a few loud barks .
tr	PAST	She stiffened slightly and immediately shook her head .
tr	PAST	They snaked away , forming into platoons and were sent , double speed , in ordered directions .
tr	PAST	" You just want mixed blood because you took one look at a certain woman and all brain matter went dead , " Fen accused .
tr	PRES	Zander pushes the door open and tows me into the room where Oscar waits for us .
tr	PRES	He simply lies there quietly , his fingers drawing lazy circles along my back while he gives me a chance to calm down .
tr	PAST	I bounced the ball again and hit it into the front wall .
tr	PAST	Max playfully defended his train of thought .
tr	PAST	She slapped down a ten of hearts .
tr	PAST	" When we were on our date , " she lied .
tr	PRES	I wipe away the juice from my chin .
tr	PAST	I jolted upright , just as his whole body began to seize .
tr	PRES	Moths flit around the porch light .
tr	PRES	" But true , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Without you , my heart stops .
tr	PAST	After Alonso said that , he instructed Lea on how to train the back muscles and left her to it .
tr	PRES	She releases her hold and I repeat what I said .
tr	PAST	The noise also assaulted one .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , I scrolled through the feed .
tr	PRES	He stares so intently into my eyes , and then rests his forehead against mine .
tr	PAST	Don cocked his head slightly and put his finger up as if to tell us to be quiet .
tr	PAST	The guards charged and closed the gap before Tom could get off another clear shot .
tr	PAST	Not all abandoned the city .
tr	PAST	" No one bothered searching for alternatives , and all our efforts continued to be focused on making what we had work .
tr	PAST	' Very comforting , ' he lied .
tr	PAST	Aria pretended to fix a kink in her pant leg .
tr	PAST	I dreamed of that toy horse .
tr	PRES	That pays for this room and breakfast for our second day .
tr	PAST	What they couldn 't burn they destroyed with their weapons and bare hands .
tr	PRES	His anger reaching an all-time high , Link glares down at the boy 's innocent face with shaking fists .
tr	PAST	The door beeped and he opened it for Olivia .
tr	PAST	" Is it related to that lawyer they found in the graveyard ? "
tr	PRES	These girls vanish underground .
tr	PAST	I doubted Rush even knew he was here .
tr	PAST	More girls swooned and rather than risk a stampede of frisky teenage girls , he retreated .
tr	PRES	The blush creeps into my cheeks , and I avert my eyes .
tr	PAST	I stole their happiness .
tr	PRES	Ronan , queue up the evidence if you would . "
tr	PAST	" Likewise , " I lied back .
tr	PAST	The woman sitting behind the register perked up at the sight of Rory .
tr	PAST	For an unknown reason , Kylie sensed that whatever Holiday had to say , it was going to explain things .
tr	PAST	They chased all the misery and confusion away .
tr	PAST	The dancing light washed over the sculpted face of the Madonna recessed into the wall above the rows of candles .
tr	PAST	The yellow bee floated around among the dry grass below the tree .
tr	PRES	Everyone likes to sing but if they 're not singing from the same song sheet , it can sound pretty bad .
tr	PAST	Feeling more refreshed , he eyed his phone and wondered if he should call his mother .
tr	PAST	" Door , " Lloyd announced .
tr	PRES	" Because you look like you stepped right off the cover of some men 's fitness magazine , " I confess .
tr	PAST	She doubted the plows were even out yet .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a sad sigh as I sat back down .
tr	PAST	' And if they wished for him not to be executed ? '
tr	PRES	He tries to , and if something happens to him ... I won 't , I just can 't .
tr	PRES	I steal illegal music off the Internet .
tr	PRES	" He likes the idea of a trio .
tr	PAST	He caressed her lips with his thumb .
tr	PRES	The trader beside me begins to laugh , a deep rumble that lasts long enough to concern me .
tr	PAST	Let 's see , " Claude rumbled , scooting lower in his chair and crossing his ankles .
tr	PAST	" It is the only way , " she urged .
tr	PRES	I HAVE A LOT OF WORK TO DO .
tr	PAST	Tears had brightened her eyes and a shaky smile wobbled over her mouth .
tr	PAST	I preferred when he didn 't notice me .
tr	PAST	He much preferred numbers such as 404 , 133 , and 918 .
tr	PAST	Now he crawled onto the foot of the bed and moved forward to meet me .
tr	PRES	" Good lass . "
tr	PRES	When Maggie just looked at her , she went on , " Them .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " she lied .
tr	PRES	Joe loves his boys , but neither of them ride .
tr	PRES	You muddled my wits . "
tr	PRES	" Wut r u doing here ? "
tr	PAST	Ezra squinted at grainy stills taken from various video sources of the mobile home .
tr	PAST	Staring at Thomas right then proved something to her .
tr	PAST	Tracks crisscrossed the snow where the other kids had wound their way down the steep slope .
tr	PAST	" We can almost see all de way to Canada from here , " exclaimed Pedro .
tr	PAST	" You nearly froze to death , and even after we gave you every extra piece of clothing we had , you still damn near caught pneumonia .
tr	PRES	A red , backless dress that had all the boys drooling .
tr	PAST	She palmed his erection through his pants , and his entire body jerked as he threw back his head to yell out .
tr	PRES	" How hath thy knowledge about them ? "
tr	PAST	" The youngest would have been six this July , " Pete stated matter-of-factly .
tr	PAST	His eyes froze upon the sight he had dreaded , his feet skidding to a halt , barely clinging to the edge of the pier .
tr	PAST	His lips lingered over hers , not touching , but so close .
tr	PRES	She frequently visits the library when she comes to Hollow . "
tr	PAST	He rounds his hand over my knee natural as breathing .
tr	PRES	Viola lurches back but she don 't let go and I go tumbling into the boat on top of her .
tr	PRES	As those who are now hovered around Jonathan and my lifeless body begin to chant incantations , his body bursts apart , flaming from within .
tr	PAST	The thought cheered me as I popped in another piece of gum and reached the royal palace .
tr	PRES	" Your mother loves you .
tr	PRES	" This brings back memories , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	" Can 't , " Donaldson rasped .
tr	PRES	" Almost every week , we discover something else about you .
tr	PAST	I backtracked to the market thinking I must have missed him , missed something anyway .
tr	PAST	The burns extended beyond his cheek .
tr	PRES	" Especially with me , " booms Benjamin , pushing to his feet .
tr	PRES	He senses his total aloneness -- feels that the City 's builders have long since moved on elsewhere -- and yet that they still somehow somewhere exist .
tr	PRES	" The maps . "
tr	PRES	She never wears a dress again .
tr	PRES	He remembers the first time he picked up a violin , the first notes he played , who gave it to him .
tr	PAST	I twirled it in my fingers , staring at the numbers .
tr	PAST	The Director of Photography piped in with his suggestion about the best angle for shooting their lower extremities , and Valentina had a moment of clarity .
tr	PRES	Lila and I trek after her , taking our sweet time , but I halt at the line that splits the road from the bridge .
tr	PRES	Serpents ... " I sour .
tr	PAST	In the Exorcist , that kind of vocal effect required computers and a voiceover .
tr	PAST	Abbey hollered through the door .
tr	PRES	" Nothing remains as far as she 's concerned .
tr	PRES	Or exile them . "
tr	PAST	The heady smell of grass , musky and humid from the earlier sun , suffocated me .
tr	PAST	Most of it she attributed to the emotional upheaval in her life .
tr	PRES	An audience to watch me chew .
tr	PRES	The porter wishes her a nice stay .
tr	PAST	His brown eyes twinkled and I knew I was in trouble .
tr	PAST	' Not a twitch , ' I reported .
tr	PAST	Jasmine stiffened and shook her head mutely .
tr	PAST	She attended Hannah and Rafe 's wedding .
tr	PRES	" I wish you would come back , " I murmur to Tess .
tr	PRES	Her face holds no expression , and she focuses dead ahead , her body taut .
tr	PRES	Aaron lets go of me and I fall to the ground again , clutching at all the bruises he 's left on my chest .
tr	PRES	" Like clockwork . "
tr	PRES	I do hope my detailed instruction files will help you to acquaint yourself with your biosynthetic augmentations , " Doctor Hartman states calmly .
tr	PRES	He couldn , t tell her that he wasn , t always like this , that he was in fact " that boy up north . "
tr	PAST	Dollop regained his composure and returned Sid 's stare , ready for whatever came next .
tr	PRES	" And kind of scary .
tr	PRES	Then he throws the iron breastplate behind him into the sand by the bells .
tr	PAST	As her face came into view , he jolted back , a silent curse on his lips .
tr	PRES	She opens her small mouth , and the wail she unleashes reverberates around the checkout area .
tr	PAST	Panic stole over her , sucking her breath from her lungs .
tr	PAST	Her Gray shattered his Red shield .
tr	PAST	Smiled Rufus slapping him on the back with a wallop .
tr	PAST	" You know what you have to do it , and who knows you might like it , " giggled the loathsome woman .
tr	PRES	He fits , she thought when she could think at all , fits so perfectly , and she shut her eyes and let go .
tr	PAST	Then he stated in a wavering voice , " Sir , you have anywhere from a year to two years . "
tr	PAST	Please , I prayed .
tr	PRES	So all he said was , " Thank you , Beatrice .
tr	PAST	Samantha thanked him for the wine and sipped it slowly this time .
tr	PAST	The vista proved more imposing from above than below , as the floor 's mosaic design became fully recognizable .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's blood froze in her veins .
tr	PAST	Fish leaped in the ponds and lakes , and beaver and muskrats nested on soggy islands .
tr	PRES	" Don 't make me wait , dragon .
tr	PRES	" That explains it . "
tr	PAST	The monster froze and then cocked its head to the side .
tr	PAST	" Fine , Dad ... just having a moment , " sniffed Rachel .
tr	PAST	Warm , gentle hands smoothed back his hair , caressed his face .
tr	PAST	The waitress provided a welcomed distraction to what was rapidly becoming a disaster of a date .
tr	PAST	She writhed and quickly came to her knees .
tr	PRES	Being here with her made me soar .
tr	PRES	Narcissistic , arrogant , egotistical ... " " All of which mean generally the same thing .
tr	PRES	" For testing purposes , the prototype simply collects cell phone numbers .
tr	PAST	That she had a dog named Julius before she ever met her husband Julius ? "
tr	PRES	Needless to say , your dear old mother misses you terribly , and hopes you 're settling in well with your new position .
tr	PAST	When he painfully looked up , I froze , as if my insides stopped working .
tr	PAST	Immediately , his wife perked up .
tr	PRES	I padded into the kitchen with my hair wrapped in a towel and my body wrapped in a robe .
tr	PAST	The stench of smoke invaded his nostrils .
tr	PAST	Jake risked a hushed " Go , " willing it to move .
tr	PAST	She was naked , crouched beside him , anxiety on her face , her incredible breasts swaying with every movement .
tr	PAST	My fuming anger instantly arose again .
tr	PAST	The bra top matched , too , a wild jungle print over green .
tr	PRES	" Rowen Sterling . "
tr	PAST	The room churned and faded .
tr	PAST	At this stage , Sue represented a more sympathetic person to talk to than her mother would be .
tr	PAST	I motioned to Purcell , and he walked over from the grill .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air and staggered back a step .
tr	PAST	' Wow , some of these girls have no shame , ' Meg surmised , scanning the oiled skin glistening in the sun . '
tr	PRES	" For you , you idiot !
tr	PRES	" Mm hmm , " Dr. Oliver throws his stethoscope into his black leather bag .
tr	PAST	" Because you and I are going to play golf today . "
tr	PAST	Hot droplets spattered on the cool earth .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me , pulling me closer .
tr	PAST	Thank God she 'd recently had it highlighted at Henri Flaubert at the King James .
tr	PRES	" Christ , " Robert mutters as he unzips the tent .
tr	PRES	Seconds later the driver 's - side door opens and Seth hops in and Luke follows .
tr	PRES	" She never talks about herself . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , thank God , " I mumbled , relieved and wasted at the same time .
tr	PRES	Painfully thin , a child of seven or eight at most , with tangled blond hair , she begged him not to leave her .
tr	PRES	She remembers that Devon is still waiting on the phone in her bedroom .
tr	PRES	Her hair tickles the tops of her breasts , teasing me with what 's just beyond the knot of the towel .
tr	PAST	He awoke four hours later in the Royal London , with twenty-six stitches in his upper leg .
tr	PRES	A twinge of jealousy rattles my bones .
tr	PRES	" Can 't shoot it up there , " he mutters irritably .
tr	PRES	A hand reaches for my shoulder and pulls me back .
tr	PAST	A crescent moon reflected in the still black waters of the sound .
tr	PAST	Nothing had soured it .
tr	PRES	She reaches high , so high , followed in every movement by the strings as if they are at her command .
tr	PRES	" Kill me , " he begged .
tr	PRES	The door opens , and my heart leaps into my throat when I see Pete standing there .
tr	PRES	" That remains to be seen . "
tr	PAST	He cocked a wary eyebrow at her .
tr	PRES	He embraces me before walking onto the stage as the new Student Body President .
tr	PRES	I chuckle to myself softly .
tr	PRES	She slides past Blackwell .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed her watching him because he turned his head slightly and their eyes met .
tr	PRES	He scoots in on the other side of the expansive wood desk .
tr	PRES	His index finger points up in the air .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " she sighs again .
tr	PAST	| | | | | We were in the last place that I ever wanted to be -- jail .
tr	PRES	Extremely hungry , she begins to lick the deer 's belly , preparing to open it up .
tr	PRES	Light bursts through the hole where the knife was .
tr	PRES	He stops at that , looks at her , and sighs heavily .
tr	PAST	We ascend behind a mother holding her two children 's hands .
tr	PRES	He stops drumming his fingers and picks up a fork .
tr	PRES	" And then the assailant brings out his gun to make his point .
tr	PRES	" Did instructions arrive ? "
tr	PRES	" Six towns , six deaths , all by natural causes , all within the past eighteen months or so .
tr	PRES	As he watches me , his thumb begins to make deep circles on my arch .
tr	PAST	A bonfire in the outer camp glowed through the canvas wall , highlighting the crimson cross she 'd noted earlier .
tr	PRES	Why contest a divorce ? "
tr	PAST	The four new corridors terminated in metal doorways , the same iridescent metal used inside the hulk of the obelisk .
tr	PAST	She giggled at her own joke . )
tr	PRES	" Your complexion finally matches your hair , Lunch Dog . "
tr	PRES	Stop thinking , analyzing , protecting , and just take me ... " She hitched a leg around his hips .
tr	PRES	That brings you into one large chamber that is maybe a hundred feet high , and a couple of hundred feet wide .
tr	PAST	" You pinched me ! "
tr	PRES	Phil opens the door and immediately I notice there are three others in the room .
tr	PAST	The drapes glowed red with another pulse of light .
tr	PRES	Even the stories that contain truths often also contain lies -- and we can never , ever be sure which is which . '
tr	PRES	' Guildford Police Station . '
tr	PAST	" Come quickly , " Herr 'D on barked , casting his cloak back and peering over his shoulder many times as he walked .
tr	PAST	" In other words , you hacked . "
tr	PAST	She brightened a little .
tr	PRES	Or gators -- whatever it was that stalked the state of Florida .
tr	PAST	I plaster a smile over my nerves , approaching the shallows and the small kayak that 's supposed to deliver me safely downstream .
tr	PRES	Jacob whipped a pair of sweatpants off the back of a chair and slid into them .
tr	PRES	" This is crazy , Mitch .
tr	PAST	Mike emailed the contracts to his Zurich office .
tr	PAST	' He tricked you ? '
tr	PRES	The boy wears slacks and a watch that costs more than I make in a year working at the auto shop .
tr	PRES	My entire body exhales .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	He releases a heavy breath and turns his face into my hand .
tr	PAST	I jolted up to my feet and sprinted out of the empty hall .
tr	PAST	Flight Lieutenant Kojima 's voice boomed over the comm system .
tr	PAST	She caressed her breasts .
tr	PAST	Woods and I pretended like the future was possible .
tr	PRES	" Haven 't been using much of that charm lately , hmm ? "
tr	PRES	He taunts me with his power daily .
tr	PRES	He flips the handle and prods the door open with his elbow .
tr	PAST	Linda 's voice floated around to the side yard where they stood .
tr	PRES	" Mm hmm . "
tr	PRES	He pays me to be certain .
tr	PAST	His hands steadied my shoulders when I stumbled .
tr	PRES	Until even Vel loses patience with him .
tr	PAST	She was given a great purpose in this life to fulfill and she accepted it nobly , " Martin honored her with his words .
tr	PAST	As if she truly didn 't care whether or not someone loved her , as long as he at least pretended to .
tr	PAST	Instead , she crouched in the corner behind an antique hutch .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and lunges at him , and he steps back out of range of her teeth .
tr	PRES	" Please , stop , " she chuckles , unwinding in the presence of her trusted guard .
tr	PRES	Plus , it pays more for a few months ' worth of work than you made all last year working at the hospital . "
tr	PRES	" Help me , " I begged .
tr	PRES	The light breeze causes a piece of hair to fall in my eyes .
tr	PAST	She moved away from the door and walked toward me , her arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	I hooked my feet one at a time into the steel diamonds , pushed myself up , and slotted my free foot into the next diamond .
tr	PAST	I pretended to forget about the toe , even though I hadn 't , and he was too embarrassed to ask .
tr	PAST	Something hard zipped through the air and pelted her thigh .
tr	PRES	The woman reaches to steady me , but I fall past her , nearly pulling her down with me .
tr	PRES	Reaching for my cheek , he graces it softly , and then his eyes are on my lips .
tr	PRES	" But the doctors .
tr	PRES	Hear ye me not ?
tr	PAST	They fled their dying planet long ago and have sailed among the stars ever since .
tr	PRES	He flashes that broad smile as he stands .
tr	PAST	A brutal arc from Scott 's sword severed the lower half of Dante 's left arm .
tr	PRES	" You should have let me go , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	He scrolled through the menus and finally tapped ' play . '
tr	PRES	She stops in the middle of the room and puts her hands on her hips .
tr	PRES	Samuel laughed , his voice bel owing , fil ing every space in the cabin .
tr	PAST	Her body crumpled as though dead , arms and legs hitting the ground at funny angles .
tr	PRES	With her smile broadening unnaturally the tall woman slowly slides her eyes toward Meagan .
tr	PAST	I shuffled to my feet , soothing the dirt off my pajamas .
tr	PAST	The sheriff fetched the mayor , who arrived shortly thereafter .
tr	PRES	" Here we go with the shaving thing again , " Jack mutters .
tr	PRES	" That Williams guy ? "
tr	PAST	Honing in on it , he willed himself to her dream .
tr	PRES	" Just wondering , " she returns .
tr	PAST	I hopped off the bike and tore my helmet off , laughing .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... sexy .
tr	PAST	" But I proposed to Maria for all the wrong reasons .
tr	PAST	Leaning back in his chair , Ryan openly eyed her from one end to the other , grinning as he did so .
tr	PAST	Bod limped up the hill and retrieved a folded piece of paper from beneath a stone .
tr	PAST	Dollop shuffled around , settling on a foetal position of rest .
tr	PAST	" I handled it .
tr	PRES	" For the light show , " he winks , waving the bottle .
tr	PRES	He contented himself with looking at her .
tr	PRES	" I " ll bet .
tr	PRES	She taps her chin , deep in thought .
tr	PRES	Tammie allows Max to guide her to the girls ' room .
tr	PRES	She stands and stretches her arms over her head in an exaggerated yawn , her checkered shirt riding up over her taut belly .
tr	PAST	Lea fiddled with the Snickers bar in her hand .
tr	PAST	Buddy volunteered to clean the stalls and feed the horses .
tr	PAST	I feared my feet might not make it through another twenty mile hike .
tr	PRES	I distinctly recall you resorting to name calling at one point .
tr	PRES	" Ha-ha , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Trevor elbowed Nate and jerked his head in the direction opposite from the hillside .
tr	PAST	Kincaid motioned the man forward .
tr	PAST	Renna clasped her hands to her ears as the ship blew apart in a volley of shrapnel and fire .
tr	PAST	Until he threaded his hands through her hair and crushed her lips beneath his .
tr	PAST	Loki cocked his head side to side .
tr	PRES	Ethan snaps , the blade shaking in his hand .
tr	PAST	She bounced on the spot for a moment , and I imagined her original hair bouncing on her shoulders .
tr	PRES	The True God offers Himself , eh ?
tr	PAST	Actually , they fled any scene I was in as if they had geek alert apps embedded in their brains .
tr	PAST	My father stiffened beside me .
tr	PRES	Vincent reaches for another little sandwich .
tr	PRES	One of them rises up from her crouch , carefully notches an arrow to her bow , and aims at the Inquisitors .
tr	PAST	I don 't want to get married with the escape clause of divorce hanging over my head , ' she stated vehemently . '
tr	PRES	The crowd exhales , and a spontaneous round of applause breaks out in a disorganized fashion .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder at me , waiting .
tr	PRES	Clutching a hand to his chest , the ninja offers one final phrase .
tr	PRES	" Oh , We have presents . "
tr	PRES	I took a cracker and ate it , the crunching sounding irritatingly loud in my ears .
tr	PRES	But for me , the storm remains nameless .
tr	PRES	I neck snap to Rosa .
tr	PAST	" And you just reunited the super horde with this small nest .
tr	PAST	Now I berated myself for being so naive .
tr	PAST	" The urn in the niche , " Victor urged , rising and pointing .
tr	PAST	At last , Nikolas exclaimed , " You ... madman .
tr	PAST	Ty palmed it , still feeling around with the other hand for the gun .
tr	PAST	And then , in less than ten minutes , the jet was spewed out into the atmosphere , headlong into the sudden pervasive darkness of night .
tr	PRES	" Of course , sweetie .
tr	PAST	I cringed at the voice .
tr	PAST	After they had taught her the concept of " button , " she treated anyone in uniform with deference .
tr	PRES	It 's kil ing me to see it al stil here when he 's not .
tr	PRES	Great big packages . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , but ... " " Enough !
tr	PAST	A horrible shrieking sound pierced my ear and I gasped and quickly pulled my com out .
tr	PRES	In a flash she peered up at me , " What brings you hear my dear ? "
tr	PAST	I threaded my way through the gravestones with Nicky still holding my hand .
tr	PRES	She nearly falls off the bar stool , but a man steadies her and helps her back on .
tr	PRES	He stares at my sagging jaw .
tr	PAST	The fabric of his shirt caressed her skin as she took another deep breath , hoping she 'd been wrong .
tr	PRES	He glares at me , but I catch the flicker of amusement in his eyes as he leans down to retrieve the picture book by his feet .
tr	PRES	His body relaxes , tightness leaving his muscles , and he pulls me from the wall into his body .
tr	PRES	Hailey stops running her hand in my hair , " I didn 't .
tr	PAST	" A pity , " he rasped .
tr	PAST	Tessa froze in horror , wondering what she could have said so wrong .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Honored One , " I did what I 'd seen some of the others do , dipping my head a little .
tr	PRES	I assume that is because you believe that whoever murdered McAllister is probably not sitting in jail . "
tr	PRES	The green room belongs to the lady .
tr	PRES	Everyone freezes at the same time .
tr	PAST	" He stole the money from the evidence room .
tr	PRES	It begins to look like it will be easily ratified .
tr	PRES	The big man with rough hands and soccer shorts holds his son on the couch .
tr	PAST	Gan gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	BA bows then frowns .
tr	PAST	My ears perked up when I heard someone entering the house .
tr	PRES	I snap my gaze back up .
tr	PRES	He opens my door and helps me from the car and then walks me up the manicured sidewalk .
tr	PAST	I leaped into his arms , not caring about his water soaked state , needing to feel him , solid and safe in my arms .
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to Malik .
tr	PRES	My dad pays for everything around here , and Pop hasn 't worked a day since he lost his legs .
tr	PRES	" Real angels . "
tr	PRES	He kills the engine and slides out of the car , his body lean and muscular in a pair of jeans and faded black T-shirt .
tr	PAST	So we pretended to be things we weren 't .
tr	PRES	" This is Bronco , " he states , pointing to the brown horse .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , hinting this by speeding up himself .
tr	PRES	" Sargent notify the sniper positions they are to take a shot if they can get one . "
tr	PAST	Cecily inquired haughtily as she took Sarah 's hand to examine it .
tr	PRES	" For saving my life on Saturday .
tr	PRES	He deserves it for what he did to you .
tr	PRES	" Got something here that belongs to them . "
tr	PRES	" Now , when an object goes faster , time on that object passes slower .
tr	PRES	She gazes out the window at the snow and then looks at me .
tr	PRES	" I feel like shit , " I mutter , managing to get my hand up to my face to rub my eyes .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to be in the army when I grow up , " he announced .
tr	PAST	The man backs up against the luggage , looking frantically left and right , his empty hands balled into fists .
tr	PRES	" Family resemblance , Reuben , positively uncanny .
tr	PAST	Even the memory stole my breath .
tr	PRES	Limits exist only in the mind .
tr	PRES	" Brother Zachariah . "
tr	PAST	As they stepped into the church , Patrick motioned Aidan to one of the side rooms .
tr	PRES	" Because I don 't like sports . "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to confront her about it ? "
tr	PRES	I 'll have her washed and fed and well on her way to recovery by the time you return , I vow it . "
tr	PAST	Finally , his tongue flicked over my clit , sending me rocketing toward my release .
tr	PAST	For a few turns , as the straps tightened , the skull endured .
tr	PAST	You seem a bit ... distracted , " I chided playfully .
tr	PRES	She attempts to inch her way to her purse .
tr	PRES	She reaches back and touches my cheek .
tr	PAST	I feared now who might want me to TRAVEL like my father did so easily .
tr	PAST	After scrubbing through a few seconds , I listened , then skipped forward a little bit more .
tr	PRES	Krauss glances into the ruins and sees a room just below street level .
tr	PRES	Cole reaches out and catches the meat before it hits the floor .
tr	PAST	This has gone beyond games , ' he stated harshly .
tr	PAST	A slow , satisfied smile curved his hard mouth .
tr	PRES	An odd sense of " rightness " compelled Ron forward , seeking the upcoming stretches of asphalt for her .
tr	PRES	" Well , then , my little Sunflower , you 're in for a treat , " he announces .
tr	PAST	A sudden murderous impulse engulfed his thoughts at first sight of Pope , who silently removed his glasses revealing a very different , more explicit air .
tr	PAST	" Hello , Sarah , " the voice stated in a familiar English accent .
tr	PRES	He buys me dinner sometimes , in his suit and tie , which is actually pretty cool .
tr	PAST	She slapped him lightly across the face .
tr	PAST	So she acted to protect the relationship . "
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere , a shrieking sound pierced the boys ' ears .
tr	PRES	Olivia snaps , still refusing to look at me .
tr	PRES	by the Pixies plays in my head , over and over again .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , ladies , " James said , his voice a touch husky .
tr	PAST	In a fit of anger , Medusa smashed every mirror within the temple walls to obliterate every reminder of what had once been .
tr	PAST	he shrieked into Sam 's ears .
tr	PRES	Brenden just lies down on the ground and stares at the sky .
tr	PAST	A firefight on the highway commenced , and the four men were killed .
tr	PAST	Micah stomped a foot .
tr	PAST	The other volunteers lingered below , all nervous and anxious .
tr	PRES	" Are Lea and Deacon messing around ? "
tr	PAST	He buzzed his secretary .
tr	PAST	She rose from the table , the letters clasped to her chest .
tr	PRES	Like us , he deals with items associated with the history of music , Hollywood , Broadway , and other memorabilia associated with entertainment .
tr	PRES	" Go to sleep , " I mumbled , and did .
tr	PAST	Duhamel slapped his hand on the table .
tr	PRES	Lennox tests his harness as I test mine , making sure we 're secure .
tr	PRES	She deserves all the love she can get . "
tr	PAST	Helen piled four pieces of bacon on the edge of her plate and returned to the table .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked downward , as though noting this further encroachment .
tr	PRES	" Good , for ' tis you who would probably come off the loser , you clumsy great oaf ! "
tr	PRES	" To tel what about you ?
tr	PRES	Winston points at my face .
tr	PRES	" On the road , no more than five hundred yards away .
tr	PAST	Nausea twisted in her stomach , the blood froze in her veins , leaving her hollow and cold .
tr	PAST	' You got married , ' she accused . '
tr	PRES	Michael crashed back onto the couch , his clothes damp with sweat .
tr	PAST	I plopped down beside her .
tr	PAST	A concealed edge lingered beneath her voice .
tr	PAST	A violet stone carved the center of a silver , heart-shaped pendant .
tr	PAST	Warden derived small gratification from those things , though .
tr	PAST	She regarded her teacher just as calmly , not wanting to give anything away .
tr	PRES	The light shone my face , disturbing my sleep .
tr	PAST	Brick motioned for silence with a tilt of his head and a raise of each arm .
tr	PAST	" Another illusion shattered . "
tr	PAST	... Miranda shuffled the papers on her desk and tried to keep her butt in the chair .
tr	PAST	She motioned down the path .
tr	PAST	Regardless of the countless difficulties and persecutions , Nichiren never retreated .
tr	PRES	" Anyway , this Mallory woman absolutely hates Rivera , and his feeling is mutual .
tr	PAST	Nina motioned toward a pile of books near the bed .
tr	PAST	One strong arm snaked around my waist , while the other entwined his fingers in mine .
tr	PRES	Max chuckles as he reaches into his pocket for a pen .
tr	PRES	It wishes to create enough chaos to increase their numbers without being noticed .
tr	PRES	Surely not even Apollo .
tr	PRES	" The purge ! "
tr	PRES	" But what about Mia ? "
tr	PAST	She zipped up the bag , went forth to hunt .
tr	PRES	Hope whispers and then takes off running .
tr	PRES	Westlake opens a file and pulls out some papers .
tr	PRES	" Now see , there 's the Izzy I know , " he teased , and I suddenly found myself smiling back .
tr	PAST	" Philip isn 't my enemy , " she denied .
tr	PAST	The good folk in town all fled over here to get away . "
tr	PAST	When he was finished , Heart of the People spewed the amalgam of spit into the sand .
tr	PRES	" Uncle Sulley ! "
tr	PRES	" And each crime brings him closer . "
tr	PRES	" We believe you now Diana , " Kristen states as Jaci shakes her head in agreement .
tr	PAST	" I risked my life for my brother . "
tr	PRES	' Your Highness ! '
tr	PAST	He thanked her with a smile and took a sip .
tr	PRES	But it remains unfulfilled .
tr	PAST	He stole the Orb , but he can 't do anything with it .
tr	PAST	Darius quickly selected the option for it to be read aloud .
tr	PAST	Lorelei cocked her head to one side .
tr	PRES	" He really likes you , Holiday . "
tr	PRES	The weapon pops loose .
tr	PRES	and We Love Juries !
tr	PRES	you snap and your mind is gone .
tr	PAST	" It 's all over now , " she lied .
tr	PRES	Kenji glances at Adam 's drooping lids .
tr	PAST	He leaped up . "
tr	PRES	" We don 't even know if she 's going to say yes , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	She begins to rebuke her for frightening Albert , and I seem to be forgotten for the moment .
tr	PRES	Except for one puzzling factor -- how the stuff had been administered .
tr	PAST	Family emergency , she claimed .
tr	PRES	I 'm glad you called , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Tristan gritted his teeth and shook his head .
tr	PAST	But when we did marry , I learnt a very different truth .
tr	PAST	He had a bag in hand , others resting around him , and was inches away from leaving for another three-month stint .
tr	PAST	" Hurts , " Ty grunted .
tr	PRES	Therein lies the rub .
tr	PRES	She remains silent and reaches for my shirt , helping me pull it over my head so I don 't have to lift up my arm .
tr	PAST	Here the crowd exploded with cheers .
tr	PRES	And it all begins with a girl that knows Marissa .
tr	PAST	Seconds later , Dolly reappeared at my side holding a pink and green striped bag in her hands .
tr	PAST	Her guards slowed and cleared their throats , alerting the prince to their presence .
tr	PRES	She smiles , his encouraging words soothing what is left of her demolished heart .
tr	PAST	Last night they even bribed me with this insane spring break trip if I would burn all my unapproved by them letters of acceptance . "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth in response .
tr	PAST	Sebastien extended an arm , a graceful gesture in the direction of the home beneath his feet .
tr	PRES	" Anna , I want you to draw an arrow at each intersection to point back to the exit , OK ? "
tr	PAST	Grabbing one , she stuffed it in the sleeve of her coat and closed the box .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PRES	" In this endeavor , we assume a more fitting role .
tr	PAST	Always a proponent of getting the last word , I whipped around and flew up the stairs before we really got wound up .
tr	PRES	Jacque hears nothing as his body trembles in sobs .
tr	PRES	" Very perceptive . "
tr	PAST	He dove into the shadows , having spotted someone coming down the road towards him .
tr	PAST	He screwed his eyes up tight .
tr	PRES	Granger clears his throat loudly .
tr	PAST	The pipe curved back and she had to reach deep to pull her field kit out .
tr	PRES	They crack into pieces .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a bright light , much brighter than Elodie had been , shone directly in my face .
tr	PRES	She removes a red tin from her purse and pulls out a small handful of mints and sets them on Will 's desk .
tr	PRES	Her friend glances at her and then extends his hand toward me .
tr	PRES	Herr 'D on queried .
tr	PAST	She steadied herself against the bed .
tr	PAST	Daniel eyed the shelving units speculatively .
tr	PRES	Abe exhales , reclining the seat back and stretching his long legs in front of him like he 's settling in .
tr	PRES	" We fumigated the place while staying here and after we left , " he explains .
tr	PAST	In most cases they dumped him rather than vice versa .
tr	PAST	" Hurry , " he motioned with his fingers .
tr	PRES	I lean back and pull my shirt over my head .
tr	PAST	" He says Desjardins is determined to separate us , " she related grimly , " and that I am not safe from harm .
tr	PAST	Lucas stifled the urge to kick himself for being an idiot .
tr	PAST	" You stole the wine from Guy ? "
tr	PAST	" If you 'll follow me , " the man grunted , not bothering with her name .
tr	PRES	" That explains your incoherent rambling last night . "
tr	PRES	" And anyhow , what would we be doin ' on this side of town ? "
tr	PRES	The security guy begins to shake and accuse me .
tr	PAST	She also posted ' guides ' around the cave the humans were staying in .
tr	PAST	My teammates cheered , and I was surprised to find myself laughing .
tr	PRES	" Can you teach it to me ? "
tr	PAST	She visited her cousin to plead for her assistance .
tr	PAST	As they held her , he repeatedly smacked her back and forth until blood flowed from her mouth .
tr	PAST	In the extreme quiet of the night , its hinges rasped so loud that she imagined it could be heard all over England .
tr	PAST	The water swirled around his chest and splashed up on his chin .
tr	PRES	Janelle stands at five feet tall with blond hair and a slim build .
tr	PAST	She joked about only wanting to find an April doll to stick pins in from time to time .
tr	PRES	" And I assume you have a new location in mind for our nation 's capital ? "
tr	PRES	Everybody loves you so much .
tr	PRES	" Even if it kills me .
tr	PRES	But , of course , everything changes .
tr	PRES	" I value your candor , Chretien . "
tr	PAST	Jack 's eyes flicked to me for a moment .
tr	PRES	" One at a time , pal . "
tr	PAST	" My brother 's visiting , " he lied .
tr	PRES	" Car crash . "
tr	PAST	I trusted my father .
tr	PAST	The last member of my family evaporated before my eyes , now only ashes floated away and settled into the rust colored dirt of the arena .
tr	PRES	Only shapes to see , perhaps , not to touch .
tr	PRES	Eventually , she brings it to an abrupt stop , turns it around , and heads back to Pierre .
tr	PRES	They no longer exist . '
tr	PRES	" Strange ... " Keeping an eye on the sand prevented me from kicking the head of the only other person there .
tr	PRES	Maybe a couple with me looking contrite , tail between my legs . "
tr	PRES	So don 't bother , kiddo . "
tr	PRES	Rob glances at Chloe .
tr	PRES	" Well ... I just um ... you saw me and Marlon in the park , right ? "
tr	PRES	The structure stretches across the ground before him consisting of six rods placed at points to form a Star of David that is visible only to himself .
tr	PAST	A low , throttled moan vibrated in her chest and tore at her throat .
tr	PAST	Dreamer visited when Pandora turned one just a few days before .
tr	PAST	Walking into the arrivals hall he noted the sign with his name , identified himself and was given a set of car keys .
tr	PRES	The upstairs hall light shone down the steps .
tr	PRES	" Not tonight , Bella .
tr	PRES	Just as the three of them are taking their seats in the living room , Ms. Williams begins the program .
tr	PAST	But he merely exhaled .
tr	PAST	He balled up his pale , arthritic fist and pressed it against his left breast .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall and glare down at the irritating door handle .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , scanning rows over rows of shirts and slacks and expensive shoes .
tr	PAST	A careless shrug accompanied his reply .
tr	PAST	" Some teenage angst , " Kevin sniffed .
tr	PRES	" The remains ? "
tr	PAST	She stiffened , and turned to face him with wide eyes .
tr	PRES	" This mess is a lot better than my alternative , " she mutters under her breath .
tr	PRES	" Nothing worth pursuing comes without patience , " I teased .
tr	PAST	she teasingly slapped his shoulder with her riding gloves .
tr	PAST	I ran at it as fast as I could , my legs whooshing the air as I built up speed .
tr	PRES	Grayson pushes out her chest in approval until her oversized boobs spill into the room uninvited .
tr	PRES	" And you , sis .
tr	PRES	Just Librarian Sleep . ' '
tr	PRES	" Run lighter on your feet .
tr	PAST	The horizontal axis represented the time base .
tr	PRES	" Or your hat ? "
tr	PAST	' Sure , ' I mumbled , trundling back down the corridor .
tr	PRES	Gabe stands up , but I beat him to the door .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the cover ; I held it out so that he could see it .
tr	PRES	Lots of leather , imported beer , and enough DVDs to sink a battleship .
tr	PRES	Then , Lucas and his pack constantly being called to visit their elders , who didn 't respect Shadow Falls 's rules .
tr	PRES	He exhales , " Honestly , I don 't think he 'll make it towards the end of Trig , being a really slow farmer . "
tr	PAST	The bell over the front door chimed with a mournful note as they stepped out onto the street and disappeared from sight .
tr	PRES	" That tickles . "
tr	PRES	His hair lies smooth against his head , shiny and dark , like we didn 't just run for a mile at full speed .
tr	PAST	Ty stifled a snicker by pretending to cough .
tr	PAST	Her soft smile created a warm feeling inside me that spread through my body .
tr	PRES	Seeing that I have suave words and stunning looks , you add confidence to that list and hopefully you 'll melt in no time . "
tr	PRES	When I do , she exhales , setting her pen down .
tr	PAST	The unseen hand caressed my face with an icy touch , moving down my neck , and resting on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	His eyes pierced into mine and he just stared at me for what seemed like hours .
tr	PRES	" We just cant .
tr	PRES	Right now no one talks to me . "
tr	PRES	Expecting her to snap out of it .
tr	PRES	Even more purely lovely , yet timeless as before .
tr	PRES	" It was six weeks , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	He pretended to rack his brains .
tr	PAST	Until , accidentally , he disarmed his attacker with a chop to his knuckles .
tr	PRES	Yet Edward didn 't want to see it , this tour flicks in and out of consciousness leaving only a sense of wasting time .
tr	PRES	And then quickly thereafter , he disappears as quietly as he appeared .
tr	PRES	Everyone sitting here wears green .
tr	PRES	" Lori loves Grayson .
tr	PAST	She shuffled her feet to kick up dry orange dirt on the road to the bridge , seeming not to walk so much as cross-country ski .
tr	PRES	Then he stands back up and looks me directly in the eye with passion pouring off him as he places his hands on my shoulders .
tr	PRES	Suzy sighs with exasperation .
tr	PRES	Nick ' em all and gouge one .
tr	PRES	" Please , just go , " Marta begged .
tr	PAST	When he awoke , he sensed he had slept a long time .
tr	PRES	He shone the light on the markers .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the car and tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear .
tr	PRES	She yawns , and I pull the blanket up over us .
tr	PAST	The captain produced a bang stick and explained that it was basically a shot gun shell on a stick .
tr	PRES	Bob never talks about me as a baby .
tr	PAST	Within days , my powers rivaled the most advanced of my classmates .
tr	PAST	Amanda dumped another load of hot water over Julie .
tr	PAST	A night bird screeched .
tr	PAST	So he berated himself for his quick decision to make her his wife , which would be exactly what she wanted .
tr	PAST	" The eagle just swooped down . "
tr	PRES	Which brings to mind the question why .
tr	PRES	She wiped it with the back of her hand , her eyes alight with fear .
tr	PRES	She hates it when I call her that .
tr	PRES	She fel to her knees , and we fel with her .
tr	PRES	" What a shame .
tr	PAST	She hooked her arm in his as they walked .
tr	PRES	Their territory borders ours , and my marriage to Victor will make both packs stronger and more secure . "
tr	PRES	She hears the voices of her colleagues inside the building .
tr	PAST	Charlotte exhaled slowly , lowering the device to her side .
tr	PRES	We wove between groups of scientists deep in discussion and tried to stay out of their way as they walked .
tr	PAST	The taxi sped to where the road ended at the Yamuna River .
tr	PRES	" First you insult my house , now you insult my dog . "
tr	PRES	He gazes through a vent in the wall .
tr	PAST	Hard bodies glistening with sweat as they performed that hot , grinding dance .
tr	PAST	Then she sobered as she stared at him .
tr	PRES	" Finn , don 't leave me , " Zoe begged .
tr	PAST	" It is Christian , " Brother Thomas exclaimed more surprised than anybody else .
tr	PAST	" So sorry , " I mumbled out , still shaking with sadness .
tr	PRES	" You drive me insane , June , " he murmurs against my hair .
tr	PAST	Kali almost squealed aloud at the thought .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened when he realized what I was asking .
tr	PRES	" But what lies between the two ?
tr	PRES	Another breath and the cloth glides downward .
tr	PAST	" Once she played that card though , man , she committed to it .
tr	PRES	It nearly kills me to hear the emptiness in her voice .
tr	PRES	Jane wraps her arms around the woman , who shakes and shudders as she cries into Jane 's shoulders .
tr	PAST	I advanced to the door and pressed my ear against it .
tr	PAST	Fear clutched his stomach , like the time his father had pointed a loaded gun at him , dead drunk .
tr	PRES	His smile fades and his face sinks into a frown .
tr	PRES	It never brings me relief .
tr	PRES	" Trojan education not all it 's cocked up to be , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Fortunately the actual data sequence remains intact otherwise reintegration would be impossible !
tr	PAST	" Smells good down here , " Dr. Verner announced , entering the kitchen .
tr	PRES	I mutter to myself , turning back to the truck .
tr	PRES	Where the steps level off just before the doors , he stops , slumping against the parapet .
tr	PAST	Emma cringed , waiting to feel the blade on her flesh .
tr	PRES	While you 're there he offers you a drink .
tr	PRES	" Faustus Valerius . "
tr	PAST	Gerry calculated mentally , looked at his wristwatch .
tr	PRES	" You have to admit , it 's kind of strange , " I murmur , averting my eyes .
tr	PRES	Whatever the case may be , the question fades out of my mind as I lift the lid of the box and see what 's inside .
tr	PRES	" What of the Vatican ? "
tr	PAST	That evening , as Robinson helped her husband to the car for the ride to the hospital , he collapsed in the driveway .
tr	PRES	And she loves visitors , so she 'll be happy to see you . "
tr	PRES	But he still brings it by . "
tr	PRES	' Good to see you again , Chloe . '
tr	PAST	" Hold on , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	Henrietta yawned again , bringing a hand up and covering her mouth so she didn 't show her tonsils to the whole room .
tr	PRES	The young guard stopped in a trained halt , saluted the officer and then shouted his distress , " Sir , a galleon approaches . "
tr	PRES	Nothing so crude as that . "
tr	PAST	The barracks buzzed with noise .
tr	PAST	Mira crawled toward her Jumping Sword , but it was clear the cyclops would reach her first .
tr	PAST	Mat spurred Pips forward .
tr	PRES	Charlie wraps her sister tightly into a cuddle and Ella cries into Charlie 's shoulder freely , shaking as she sobs .
tr	PAST	He stormed into Lara 's office .
tr	PAST	Truly , miracles never ceased .
tr	PRES	She choked out a half laugh , half scoff .
tr	PRES	His pearly teeth shone against his tan as he grinned at them in the rearview mirror .
tr	PRES	Andrew embraces him , but immediately recoils , looking at the others frightened as if he cannot make sense of what he just felt .
tr	PRES	" I know , " she whispers and then looks over my shoulder when the bell goes off again .
tr	PRES	Besides she loves you .
tr	PAST	We matched up for mock debates on Tuesday , and I got paired with Phoebe .
tr	PAST	" I know why I 'm here , " she lied .
tr	PRES	" I assume your friends are inside ? "
tr	PAST	I 'm not holding a grudge , " she lied .
tr	PAST	" You quit , didn 't you ? "
tr	PAST	The moon also revealed the floor 's one good feature .
tr	PRES	He holds the phone out to me with a shaky hand .
tr	PRES	Straw whispers against straw .
tr	PRES	I feel my head bob up and down , all resistance vanishing as a new level of pain surges .
tr	PRES	" You don 't have to be , " Mai chuckles , sensing him slowly coming around .
tr	PRES	I rip them off the door , toss them into the trash can under my desk .
tr	PRES	I chew and swallow a bite of my food .
tr	PAST	He doubted it He thought of Aileen , and of Marten , that incomplete enchanter .
tr	PAST	It required an I.D. card swipe , retina scan , and voice recognition to activate .
tr	PRES	" Oh , you know , " he states without the puzzlement that I see in Cy 's eyes .
tr	PAST	They exited the shop and were only a few feet away , when a young boy called out to Levi .
tr	PAST	She hopped on one foot .
tr	PAST	I doubted she could 've possibly known how moved I was by what she said next .
tr	PAST	Misty haze swirled down from the dark domain above .
tr	PRES	" She has reason enough , " I mumbled , still on her side .
tr	PRES	An involuntary muscle twitch occurs in the blink of an eye .
tr	PRES	And darling , please try not to be so glum . "
tr	PAST	Yet with fractions of a second to spare , the Saint and his wyvern teleported out of harm 's way and appeared directly behind the Night God .
tr	PAST	He thanked Nyx every day that his nephew and niece had survived the massacre .
tr	PAST	Her tongue invaded his mouth and her hands pul ed at his clothes .
tr	PRES	Warns the leader and the man to his left holds the gun upwards -- the man doesn 't move any further .
tr	PRES	We arrive in Will 's class and he 's holding the door open , greeting the students as they arrive .
tr	PRES	Could they really repair your face ? "
tr	PRES	Those things scare the hell out of me . "
tr	PRES	Then someone lets it slip to the parents and then the whole town knows .
tr	PAST	No one tormented Mab after that , except for the Queen herself .
tr	PAST	At night , they glowed .
tr	PRES	If we don 't - " " Save Flattery ? "
tr	PRES	" And Daniel was correct , " Dante points out .
tr	PAST	The towers , the steel and the frame plunged into the water .
tr	PRES	" No sweetheart . "
tr	PRES	Will pet the ones that approached him , grief stirring in his eyes when they pawed his hand .
tr	PAST	The sniffed at his fingers and started to rub against his hands to get him to pet them .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him before answering .
tr	PRES	But maybe when someone forgives someone else so many times , he reaches a point when he can 't anymore .
tr	PAST	" And Chris , " Derek chimed in .
tr	PAST	Michael bent over her , his arm propped on the back of her chair .
tr	PAST	On Saturday , Viktor awoke long before dawn and finished his chores by mid afternoon .
tr	PRES	A piano chord strikes .
tr	PAST	Grandma fiddled with the silver coins on the edge of one of her purple scarves .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at me .
tr	PRES	Anyway , I assume you know about my ... situation .
tr	PAST	" Missy , the truth please , " Adela urged .
tr	PAST	He flattened his palms on the table .
tr	PAST	He swiped the perspiration off his forehead , taking his time , as if gathering his thoughts .
tr	PRES	He is leaning over , elbows resting on his knees .
tr	PAST	I threaded my fingers behind his neck .
tr	PAST	The voice of his second-in-command for the project boomed loud and clear , drawing a small smile from Ransom .
tr	PRES	Joe cleared his throat nervously and said , " We did exactly as you ordered and we had him until -- " " Until what ? "
tr	PRES	" What about County Executive Williams ? "
tr	PRES	" Dad tries to handle Glory .
tr	PAST	Besides , I flit through a perpetual state of love-hate where the guy I want to take to bed is concerned .
tr	PAST	Duke slapped the cuffs onto Memory Eraser 's hands and threw him over his shoulder .
tr	PAST	It 's what I know , " Leo concurred readily .
tr	PRES	She stares at me hard , biting her lip .
tr	PRES	" No , " she mumbled into the crook of his neck .
tr	PRES	" Go on , sweetie , " he said , voice tight .
tr	PAST	I crouched , ready for trouble , but nothing came hurtling at me .
tr	PAST	Then , when I met her glare , another hysterical giggle spewed forth and I was lost .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to baste the crust of the bread in butter and got out some plates and bowls .
tr	PAST	Maddy skipped through the doorway , but Edwin didn 't follow .
tr	PRES	" Will you fetch us some water ?
tr	PRES	Watching the frenzied activity below helps me to relax and clear my mind of all the stress that comes with day-to-day living .
tr	PAST	" That 's not a label ; it 's a preference , " I countered .
tr	PRES	" Three wives , but not at the same time . "
tr	PAST	The scent of his cologne washed over me , and my knees went weak .
tr	PAST	You like living on the edge , and you always push things as far as you can , " Mitch joked .
tr	PRES	It fits perfectly , and there are no pieces missing .
tr	PRES	" Mr. McDougal ? "
tr	PRES	My mind free falls as I allow the images and information to bombard my conscious reaching for those illusive connections .
tr	PAST	Good thing all of them thrived on battle , blood , gore , and the satisfaction of making the world a better , a safer place .
tr	PRES	" All excellent points , but I fear you 're missing the most important .
tr	PAST	Opening boxes and packets , she stuffed quiche , slices of cheese , and smoked ham into her mouth .
tr	PRES	" Si , as long as he 's a good boy , " Grandmother Gloria states , trying to appease my mother in her way .
tr	PAST	I quit my struggling to be able to hear what they were saying .
tr	PRES	The crying never stops .
tr	PRES	His little bald brows bunch together .
tr	PRES	His shining blue-green eyes regard mine .
tr	PRES	Peeta begins to speak in a frustrated tone about the need for the cease-fire .
tr	PAST	They laughed together , Abby 's pain fading into the background where it belonged .
tr	PAST	She eyed the men standing between them and freedom , and hoped she hadn 't lied .
tr	PAST	She lingered , not quite daring to ask what was on her mind .
tr	PAST	Emma tensed next to him .
tr	PRES	" You already know that answer , " he breathes hotly .
tr	PAST	" I did a protection spell on myself , " I lied .
tr	PAST	I acted on instinct .
tr	PRES	They bob in the water , pushed back and forth by the waves .
tr	PAST	Webb nuzzled his nose into my neck .
tr	PRES	However , your answer explains something to me .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and didn 't answer .
tr	PRES	He exits the gate and walks to one of the cars in the parking lot .
tr	PAST	He stated almost reluctantly .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth sobbed into the tissues .
tr	PAST	Brent dialed again , same result .
tr	PAST	Nick hopped down from the fountain to stand before her .
tr	PAST	" My enemies cringed and crawled on their bellies before him , but he never once allowed mercy to taint his work .
tr	PRES	A different question pops up in my mind .
tr	PAST	Sally refrained from drinking all morning and actually got dressed .
tr	PAST	I sketched out a speech bubble and had him say , " ho ho ho I 'm a douchebag . "
tr	PAST	Like a cornered deer , Martin momentarily froze , looking wildly around him , desperate for some means of escape .
tr	PRES	" Mojo sees beyond the apparent . "
tr	PAST	She mumbled , " Sure , " and sank down to the ground .
tr	PAST	You destroyed my family .
tr	PAST	As dawn approached , Raven swooped down upon a sleeping Samuel and startled him .
tr	PAST	I really doubted there would be computer records of it all anyways .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me and her eyes are red and swollen , like she 's been crying .
tr	PRES	The leader stands in front of the panel .
tr	PRES	Isaac stands from the table and takes me by the hand to stand with him .
tr	PRES	Then he holds up a finger .
tr	PRES	Crawley tries to pretend he never started down that road and quickly finishes with , " We have no questions of this witness . "
tr	PAST	Natalie swiped the tears from her face and lifted her chin , straightening her shoulders as she faced him .
tr	PAST	A small neat hole wept blood down the front of her shirt .
tr	PRES	He draws up a chair by the bed and settles down quietly .
tr	PAST	He circled the swell of my breasts with both hands , both holding more ice .
tr	PAST	He bounced his leg to relieve some of the pressure down his unprotected back .
tr	PAST	A mixture of disappointment and temptation carved out his features .
tr	PRES	Dried , cured meats .
tr	PRES	" Du n no , sir .
tr	PRES	We want it , we crave it ; we think of little else .
tr	PRES	Kylie brushed a strand of blond hair behind her ear , her nerves stil jumpy .
tr	PRES	" If you 're not Fae . "
tr	PAST	I treated him to a sulky stare .
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PAST	" But you protected me . "
tr	PAST	" Don 't want you falling asleep and falling off the bike , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	And even though her true heart belonged to my father , she treated Arthur with the love and respect that he deserved .
tr	PAST	He bounced on the mattress .
tr	PRES	They shone with the brightness of newly minted gold coins .
tr	PAST	The pain persisted and she closed her eyes .
tr	PAST	This time , too , she extended her hand toward the small envelope he still held tucked between his index and middle fingers .
tr	PRES	He glances back down at his phone as though it were a pariah .
tr	PRES	" She really likes you .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to turn this into an easel of sorts and rest a large sheet on plain paper on it , like a make-shift whiteboard .
tr	PAST	" Sure , " Jennifer piped up .
tr	PAST	She rotated between feeling sorry for Dario , for herself and being totally pissed at him .
tr	PAST	Stephen must have sensed the growing tension and let out a cry .
tr	PAST	And with that dire promise , it tugged its leg .
tr	PRES	" Anything you need , Jess . "
tr	PRES	* The hooded trio raced on horseback the entire way to the midwife 's house .
tr	PRES	The music slams against my chest and the lights sting at my eyes as I step out of the dim hallway and into the room .
tr	PRES	" Did any of you make a phone call , snap a picture ?
tr	PAST	I slowed , so I could point to each one that looked like they needed , or wanted the gesture .
tr	PAST	' Go on , ' I begged , desperate to know .
tr	PAST	" Of course , I am , " she stated emphatically before returning to the tiny sandwiches .
tr	PRES	Your room is closest , " I add to Dina .
tr	PAST	She must have eluded his efforts to spring the trap by taking an earlier flight .
tr	PAST	He then uttered words that sent my brain into a tailspin .
tr	PAST	She feared the idea that she might stomp on the disgusting animals and feel their soft , bushy bodies under her feet .
tr	PAST	I piled into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	The exhilaration of the swim , the rough comfort of the towel , and the warm sunshine on her back provided balm for her battered psyche .
tr	PRES	" And the whiskey ? "
tr	PAST	Andy downed the bowl and then tried marmalade on toast but spat it out .
tr	PAST	For once , Simone faltered .
tr	PAST	Her hands tensed , as she seemed a little reluctant to let me examine them so closely , but of course , she let me .
tr	PRES	Something that reminded him of Daimon remains .
tr	PRES	" Dad , " I warn .
tr	PAST	They downed the beers in a matter of minutes without much dialogue .
tr	PRES	She offers to help in the kitchen , where a bunch of women are making what seems to her an elaborate meal .
tr	PRES	" More wolves ? "
tr	PRES	When Violetta found me nearly unconscious at the end of the second day , she begged him to release me .
tr	PRES	His mouth relaxes , and there it is .
tr	PAST	Lise pretended to zip her mouth close .
tr	PRES	In fact , he talks a lot more than you do . "
tr	PAST	He froze at the sound of his ex .
tr	PRES	" And the consensus ? "
tr	PRES	Nobody tries to stop us .
tr	PAST	Joshua giggled , pulling her attention back to him .
tr	PAST	Go there and get a new tire , problem solved . "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , Grace likes these kinds of things . "
tr	PAST	She flicked a finger in the direction of Gavin , who was walking alongside her .
tr	PAST	The Girl plunged her hands into the pockets of her jeans .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with my headphones , hoping she 'd lose interest .
tr	PAST	" Akira Miyamoto , " Master Kitsune then announced .
tr	PAST	Sable shattered in orgasm , bursting into a million pieces .
tr	PRES	The man holds a large crossbow ; two small torches have been attached to it and they help light up the place .
tr	PRES	He pushes me back into his desk , good and hard , and a stack of paperbacks fall over my chest like literary precision missiles .
tr	PAST	She doubted she would ever be able to sleep again .
tr	PAST	Abel prayed to women : to Mary mother of God , and Mary Queen of Scotland , and to his mother .
tr	PAST	Finally , Hugh 's stomach churned and he threw up last night 's supper into a pile that bled color into the blandness of the white snow .
tr	PAST	She riveted her eyes on his face .
tr	PAST	Jack neared the bedside and took hold of Joshua 's hand .
tr	PRES	" Lexie hates everybody .
tr	PAST	The ones that did that got shuffled together in the smallest room .
tr	PAST	He yawned like a lion waking from slumber .
tr	PRES	" No one will ever touch you again , " he hisses .
tr	PRES	Grunts and muted roars echo through the empty mine shafts .
tr	PRES	He throws his keys over the desk , so hard , the protective sheet of glass splinters into the shape of a bull 's eye .
tr	PAST	He jolted and turned to face the intruder .
tr	PRES	Only Sam pays close attention to me , to what I 'm saying and what I 'm not saying .
tr	PRES	' Thanks , Billie , ' I mutter and wriggle closer to her .
tr	PAST	The people cheered , rallied by the high priestess 's confident words and followed her into the temple .
tr	PRES	We fan those tensions , then we somehow force the Garrison to pull out .
tr	PAST	She clung to his hard body , needing the strength that he gave her , needing the comfort he provided .
tr	PAST	A scowl tugged at the corners of Jonah 's mouth as he shot her a glance .
tr	PRES	Trystan pushes his hair out of his face and pours another round .
tr	PRES	She frowns at me .
tr	PAST	Suddenly he retreated into the shadows and disappeared .
tr	PRES	So instead of selling them sport , we sell them sex , stories , athleticism , and a little bit of fighting .
tr	PAST	Duncan tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	" You not Ranma .
tr	PAST	We slowed our pace for a bit while we pulled some food out of our bags and shared what we grabbed with each other .
tr	PRES	No one likes them .
tr	PAST	Flames stole along the floor , threatening to destroy the only hope they had .
tr	PAST	He announced and presented his arm for me to hold on to .
tr	PRES	If I did that then all seven of you would have to scramble to get out of the way . "
tr	PRES	' With matches ? '
tr	PAST	Douglas exploded , " She 's going to be my wife ! "
tr	PAST	His dark green eyes regarded Reuben calmly , but abstractly , as though he were struggling to bring himself out of his deepest and most crucial thoughts .
tr	PAST	She leaped over him and rushed to the door .
tr	PAST	One strong arm claimed the area between breast and belly .
tr	PRES	I wipe the blade of my knife and tuck it away .
tr	PAST	" Aw , that 's nice of you buddy , " Phoenix crooned at Ryder and tried to pinch his cheek .
tr	PAST	She was naked , her preferred bedclothes , which he liked .
tr	PAST	No questions asked , no answers required .
tr	PRES	* From December to January our paychecks continued to be inconsistent and when they did arrive they were rarely more than $ 200 .
tr	PRES	" To golf ! "
tr	PAST	Chapter Ten After the tenth knock , Luis crawled out of bed , grabbed his short white bathrobe , and stumbled to his front door .
tr	PRES	I lean across the table .
tr	PAST	People shuffled their feet and watched .
tr	PAST	" Sir , Miss Natalie Borgia is here , " he announced .
tr	PAST	Lines of customers extended around the block , even before the shop opened .
tr	PAST	A number of shells exited the holes punctuated by a loud powerful blast .
tr	PAST	I prayed in my mind .
tr	PRES	You belong with me . '
tr	PRES	Much less wipe us off the kill list . "
tr	PRES	When pulled outwards it sprang to life to form the shape of a ball or whatever it was created to become .
tr	PAST	They entered the same conference room they had been in before to find it all cleaned up again .
tr	PAST	Murray limped into the office and plopped down in the chair across from Chandler 's desk .
tr	PAST	Around the burned-out bits the vegetation flourished strangely : a decorative bush from one house grown so as to be halfway across a neighbor 's grass .
tr	PRES	' I ... du n no . '
tr	PRES	What pushes you forward ?
tr	PRES	He holds my hand through the entire film .
tr	PRES	And that , she couldn " t bear .
tr	PRES	Here begins the historical mystery surrounding the Princes in the Tower .
tr	PRES	The dark skies flow into his mind and he collapses .
tr	PRES	I marvel at his strength as he 's able to hold me in place and thrust in and out of me with almost no support from me .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for the visual , " I shout as I pass his room .
tr	PAST	Then , she wriggled a little and snuggled even closer to Doc .
tr	PAST	To my astonishment , none of them pursued me .
tr	PAST	The voice inside reassured him that there was no other choice .
tr	PAST	" Beauty fades , but dumb is forever , " Scarlet countered .
tr	PRES	See you later , Ralph . " "
tr	PAST	He prayed it was so .
tr	PRES	Sebastian points his finger in the air .
tr	PAST	Then he quit working on Sundays .
tr	PAST	" I was bringing Travis a Christmas present , " Lacy hedged .
tr	PAST	Mil slapped my butt .
tr	PRES	Jack gazes over at me and grins , and I can 't help but smile back .
tr	PRES	She squares her shoulders .
tr	PRES	Finally he stops , his gaze level and somber .
tr	PRES	Commander Vimes , is it ? "
tr	PRES	" Before a butt kicking ? "
tr	PRES	" How embarrassing , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	I mumbled a ' thanks ' and looked up to make eye contact with Harry one last time before he disappeared into the armored car .
tr	PRES	He reaches into the fridge .
tr	PAST	Susannah whispered the minute Colette reappeared .
tr	PAST	All the words merged into one in his panic .
tr	PAST	They probably sought to get in one more game before heading home for their dinners .
tr	PRES	The gym opens at that time ? "
tr	PAST	I prayed she knew .
tr	PRES	" He holds to the Contract , " Vin said , " but only grudgingly .
tr	PAST	" I have an interview in Paris , " I lied .
tr	PAST	At the same time , I prayed she could see it on my face that I wasn 't yet ready to tell her why .
tr	PAST	How could she have doubted him ?
tr	PAST	And depending on how badly her sister annoyed her , she doubted she 'd get through this conversation without a cigarette .
tr	PRES	He gazes up and presses the expensive pen against his lips as his body briefly warms with thoughts of his men .
tr	PAST	he inquired , cringing the moment he spoke , and knowing his wife would argue with him .
tr	PAST	He propped himself on his elbows and gazed down into Ty 's eyes with a small smile .
tr	PRES	She blushes while returning the smile .
tr	PRES	" Are you going to tell me not to leave town , Sarge ? "
tr	PRES	Giulietta touches his cheek affectionately .
tr	PRES	One of the fit young jungle dwellers offers to take Doug 's tool bag , and Doug doesn 't protest .
tr	PAST	" Although ... " Mary regarded her with a hint of curiosity .
tr	PRES	And the oral tapestry they weave flashes green , red and gold with the magic lantern glow of Creation 's greatest gift to humanity : the word .
tr	PAST	Instead , I pretended to study the menu so the waiter wouldn 't come over again .
tr	PRES	The twenty-something 's piercing eyes shone brightly under his dark brows .
tr	PAST	Ty exhaled a long breath .
tr	PAST	I tensed , expecting him to pull the toy out , to strip me of the pleasure that was right there , within my grasp .
tr	PAST	Out of sheer habit , I extended a finger upwards and touched the mist .
tr	PRES	Later , on page 194 , he explains further : " I do not consider it murder .
tr	PAST	When the police report was accessed , I received an alert .
tr	PAST	Simon named his starting 11 , and naturally there were no new pilots amongst them .
tr	PRES	Kelly refuses to even look at me .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her necklace obsessively again .
tr	PRES	This detective misses nothing , I thought , mentally patting myself on the back .
tr	PAST	Her every sense was stretched taut , heightened to the breaking point .
tr	PAST	Mark steered Marissa toward the door leading to the porch before turning back to pour a glass of wine .
tr	PRES	He sees the world in shades of joy .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't realize you knew him , " she joked .
tr	PAST	Damen stiffened , finally realizing the connection between this despicable man ... and Mairi .
tr	PAST	The knit of the straps strained and held as he extracted my nipple .
tr	PRES	Finally managing to pull out my stun gun , I zap it once , twice , as many times as I can .
tr	PAST	Murdoch dared a slap on Conrad 's back , saying , " I would like to stay , but I have an emergency that 's weeks overdue .
tr	PAST	The charges for Mitch required more creativity .
tr	PAST	Aria 's gray eyes brightened .
tr	PRES	They all belong to me .
tr	PAST	He hooked his arm around her shoulders as he 'd done a thousand times before with Mary Elise , his best friend , his love .
tr	PAST	I screeched in horror .
tr	PRES	" The cars connect through an enclosed passageway or vestibule .
tr	PRES	She rises and starts to walk away from him .
tr	PAST	James slapped my ass , hard .
tr	PAST	Indeed , they all shuffled their feet and looked around .
tr	PRES	" For the next week , your life belongs to me .
tr	PRES	Ashton whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	" Are ya taking to gossip now Ma ?
tr	PAST	And sexy , too . "
tr	PAST	His breath caressed the flesh of her inner thigh .
tr	PAST	I pretended to think on it for a minute as he walked back to his chair .
tr	PAST	He donned each piece slowly , ignoring the mirror across from him .
tr	PRES	He then returns to retrieve the last .
tr	PRES	Says he winds up with smarter girls that way . "
tr	PAST	Instead she tugged at the coils of rope slung across her shoulders and shrugged them off , freeing the massive apparatus that they held to her back .
tr	PAST	The woman eyed us suspiciously .
tr	PAST	The man panicked and went into a frenzy of attacks , all of which Hal defended .
tr	PRES	' Ah ah ah !
tr	PRES	Am I correct ? "
tr	PAST	Trying to follow Bethan 's lead , Claire risked ducking her head to find her phone deep in the recesses of her bag .
tr	PAST	The Citadel created in the early eighteen hundreds by an Emperor of the region .
tr	PAST	I swipe my palms over my jeans .
tr	PAST	" We 've got jack squat , that 's what we 've got , " Mitchell announced an hour later when they finally got around to dinner .
tr	PAST	The heat from the fire just a few paces away toasted her skin and relaxed her even more .
tr	PRES	Long and short , dots and dashes .
tr	PRES	Thank fuck he could finally love her the way he wanted to , the way he needed to .
tr	PRES	* * * Pandora stepped into her bedroom , Shadow squeaking at her impatiently .
tr	PRES	A bright light filters through the tiny room packed with an oval table and four chairs .
tr	PAST	With this done , the three men retreated to the adjoined cloak room , donning their long dark brown hunting jackets .
tr	PRES	It started with her slowing gradually , her strokes becoming strained as she gradually came to a stop .
tr	PRES	The cavern lies above .
tr	PRES	Didn 't I merit the family cemetery in his estimation ? "
tr	PRES	" You here for the bounty ? "
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze for another moment and then turns away , digging through his bag , clearly dismissing me .
tr	PRES	Shirtless Guy touches my knee and leaves his hand there .
tr	PAST	As my head cleared , memories assaulted me one by one .
tr	PAST	On one side the eyes glowed red , on the other , various shades hinting at the humanity of the shifters still inside .
tr	PAST	My father claimed that he hadn 't killed my mother , and Thomas said it didn 't matter .
tr	PRES	From the center , the elderly officer gazes at her .
tr	PRES	If he prints anything about a solo project ... " " He won 't , " Peter said .
tr	PAST	Christianity achieved what it did , according to N. T. Wright , because Jesus rose from the dead .
tr	PRES	So you surround her with your love .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , swinging her feet over the wall .
tr	PAST	She inhaled , savoring the masculine scent of his cologne , letting him seep inside her pores and her skin .
tr	PAST	Her eyes brightened tenfold as she took it from my fingers .
tr	PRES	But in this day and age , people banded together .
tr	PAST	Okay , sometimes it cost more than a buck or two .
tr	PAST	He stiffened in her arms .
tr	PAST	Stan crawled closer , moving around the protruding wall housing the hot water heater .
tr	PAST	My father , Cain Caleb Montgomery II , served two terms as a U.S. senator .
tr	PRES	As he feels around a little more , the vomit rises again .
tr	PRES	They swing open , then close behind me without a click .
tr	PAST	I rummaged through my drawer and pulled out my black loose lounge shorts with my wonder woman t-shirt .
tr	PRES	... Hours later , they snuck nak * d from the bedroom and into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	He fills in the company name , The Liberty Tea Company .
tr	PRES	Some friend you are , Sparrow .
tr	PRES	Cindy and Sam danced several more dances together .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table , his hand shaking as he gives my hand a soft squeeze .
tr	PAST	As she dried his hair , her hands lingered in his scalp ; she enjoyed touching him .
tr	PRES	" This house belongs to Francesca Del Ponce , a very close friend of mine .
tr	PRES	Shame on his face , Jon glances at his bare feet .
tr	PRES	" I 'm in the school play , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Terry , " Mike hissed , " snap out of it .
tr	PAST	" Just harming . "
tr	PAST	Cole doubted whether anybody would be able to forget what happened , but the freed captives started trudging away .
tr	PRES	Gage lets out a soft moan and tries unsuccessfully to sit up , only to land back on the hood with a hard thump .
tr	PAST	Now , latched against his back , the pregnant creature vomited a stream of smaller bots from its swollen abdomen .
tr	PRES	God and heaven exist and so does hell .
tr	PRES	His thick , warm flesh slides into my sex inch by glorious inch , sending off wild tendrils of pleasure throughout my groin .
tr	PRES	She climbs the tree back to her nesting spot and picks up the trident .
tr	PRES	Oliver holds his hands up , a sign of submission .
tr	PAST	Her bedroom furniture all matched -- which was a miracle -- but it was hideous .
tr	PAST	After the first couple of hours , she quit expecting it to happen , and focused on class .
tr	PAST	" Well , you didn 't grow up with mine , " Candace countered .
tr	PRES	Concentrating on the island as he stands at the stern of the Queen Anne 's Revenge , Black Beard cups his hand on his beard covered chin .
tr	PAST	Yesterday when I left Evelyn 's office I lingered in the hallway to eavesdrop on her next meeting .
tr	PAST	I lingered on the far side of the lobby , and Adrian strolled over .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Davis and Cassiopeia to walk with him toward the library while the curator and the estate manager talked in the cabinet .
tr	PAST	Under the bandage , more than a simple burn emerged .
tr	PAST	Fresh pain exploded as my pulse pounded wildly .
tr	PRES	He makes me sick , how he treats her , uses her lack of family as a weapon against her .
tr	PAST	Amber withdrew the inviting hand and wrapped it around her glass .
tr	PRES	" Were they slaves ? "
tr	PRES	" No , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	They slap me across the back of my head and do the same to my buddy .
tr	PAST	The rotund merchant tugged a bell rope .
tr	PAST	She zipped halfway down the block , pulled over and stopped .
tr	PAST	" As beautiful as the one who bore her . "
tr	PRES	By the time it returns the object which blights your outdoor space will no longer be a burden in your life . "
tr	PRES	He trusts me implicitly .
tr	PRES	Midday sun pounds on the roof , and reflects blindingly from the metal surfaces all around us .
tr	PAST	The man shrieked in fear and pleaded .
tr	PAST	" So I 've come to ask for my position back , " Peter announced stiffly , reclaiming her attention as he hurried on .
tr	PRES	Which he did , immediately , desperately and with relief .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the earth split , Henry popped through , and the stone closed up behind him .
tr	PAST	His blue eyes pierced me .
tr	PRES	Dornan removes the boy 's gag , and grabs the back of his neck , pointing his gaze towards me .
tr	PRES	' Come on , think , ' I mumbled to myself .
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PAST	With a pledge that he 'd never let her go , he withdrew all the way then thrust back , fierce and full .
tr	PRES	" And what lies ahead for me .
tr	PAST	One lever tipped the nose up and down , the other adjusted their speed .
tr	PAST	But the question looming ... is do you want it ? "
tr	PAST	After briefly glancing at Caroline she stormed past me and out of the pub .
tr	PRES	She taps her CU .
tr	PAST	A familiar voice mingled with her softer voice , and my heart leaped .
tr	PAST	" Father said you all might need some help in here , " he hollered , rushing over .
tr	PAST	" Someone named George told him to do it . "
tr	PRES	The tissue zoomed towards Agnes , Agnes catching it and wiping her eyes .
tr	PRES	He sighs but he 's smiling .
tr	PRES	And he hates the Carpathian people .
tr	PAST	She crumpled into it .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply , allowed the warm water to immerse her completely .
tr	PRES	Finally , Kai pushes himself off the wall .
tr	PAST	Grey grunted without looking up from the ' P & R Weekly ' , stretched out a hand and transferred it to his ' pending ' tray .
tr	PAST	His screams pierce the haze of my mind , long enough to bring the world back into focus .
tr	PAST	One of the party members at the far end of the table , piped up , " But doesn 't the invasion create a temporary expansion ?
tr	PRES	Twelve tombs , to be exact .
tr	PAST	Carmine eyed him peculiarly .
tr	PRES	" My heart bleeds for him . "
tr	PAST	" My fiancé organized the jobs , and we carried them out .
tr	PRES	Neither applies to me . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't understand , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	She whipped her head up quickly , snarling at its grotesque face .
tr	PAST	Then , from up ahead , a shriek pierced the night .
tr	PRES	The back of my neck tingles .
tr	PRES	" Zip lining ? "
tr	PRES	The floors start to shake , a massive rumble coming from beneath my feet but also coming from inside me .
tr	PAST	I sobbed in fear that my brother could still be in the mountain alive or otherwise but being taken by supernatural beings .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	He rummaged around for a minute .
tr	PRES	" Strip poker ? "
tr	PAST	" I guess he has finally found a male toilet , " Aaron joked .
tr	PRES	This insanity stops here , now . "
tr	PAST	We all but slowed to a stop as her eyes found mine .
tr	PAST	I thanked the clerk as I left , and he seemed relieved that I wasn 't going to do anything to him .
tr	PRES	The scent of rotting flesh fills the air and I gag .
tr	PRES	" Hey girls , lets watch a movie tonight .
tr	PAST	The voice jolted both of us away from one another .
tr	PRES	So , he completely trusts you to come over here and spend the weekend in a house without adult supervision ? "
tr	PRES	He holds himself up with his elbows locked for a moment .
tr	PAST	His breath fanned my lips , brushing every crevice .
tr	PAST	* Outlaw Wars , Western Settler Saga V That day Adam learned truly what it meant to have friends .
tr	PRES	Francesca reaches into her box and pulls out a long wire with a plug at the end .
tr	PRES	Seconds later , it falls off of me , and the only thing remaining are the sleeves .
tr	PAST	She feared for the lives of everyone more than for her own .
tr	PAST	Badges and search warrants brandished .
tr	PRES	It lets me see your face . "
tr	PAST	I willed myself to wake .
tr	PAST	Orange flames suddenly sprouted from the fledgling 's chest .
tr	PRES	Andy Burke , my best friend , falls from his seat to the ground .
tr	PRES	Staring down for a moment longer , Link sighs as if he feels sorry for the punk who made this simple task so difficult .
tr	PAST	Mike alighted with the masses and walked with the flow towards the exit as he had done many times before .
tr	PAST	The mountain range glowed in the rising sun , Sabino Canyon somewhere among it .
tr	PAST	After a moment , the unit beeped and up came the number .
tr	PAST	I quit two weeks ago . "
tr	PRES	Or the man busily talking on his phone , a concerned look on his face .
tr	PRES	From the doorway , someone clears his throat .
tr	PAST	She proceeded to dunk the doll until it was completely saturated with the bubbling water .
tr	PAST	He clutched my legs , his face pressing to my shins , stubble grinding against smoothness .
tr	PAST	Yet , still only very few trudged at all .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , too bad my being a virgin totally freaked him out .
tr	PRES	" My pleasure , after how you treated Scarlett . "
tr	PRES	" Aren 't we Honey ? "
tr	PRES	That T-shirt ... " She makes a repulsed face .
tr	PAST	" His nausea started worsening about half an hour ago , " Tess volunteered as the group crowded into the room .
tr	PAST	He squinted against the sun .
tr	PAST	He hacked at the first two , and I began to think the Mexicans would beat us by twenty runs .
tr	PRES	The woman mutters softly .
tr	PAST	he grunted , trying to cover his own reaction .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , her eyes flashing with anger .
tr	PRES	Cooper chuckles and grabs my wrist , stopping me .
tr	PRES	He pops a piece in his mouth .
tr	PAST	We crouched as a harpy flew only a foot above our heads , sending Connor into a fit of tears .
tr	PAST	he boomed , laying his bowler hat aside and his huge briefcase across his lap .
tr	PRES	The very passions you shun exist precisely so that men like you cannot thwart the work of the Almighty .
tr	PAST	Rafe gritted his teeth and gripped his hands tightly together .
tr	PRES	Everyone except Isabella stared at him , mouths agape .
tr	PAST	Mira instructed Bertram to go around the pit in the road and then continue to the southeast .
tr	PRES	First he sees a Gender Diversity Office poster presentation to raise awareness about several newly minted gender identification options .
tr	PAST	Michael hopped over the couch and ran into the bedroom .
tr	PAST	He motioned for us to enter .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be your friend , " she announced .
tr	PRES	But , hey , they all sing from the same hymnal ! "
tr	PRES	" Are people always freaked out by your presence ? "
tr	PRES	" Because hope springs eternal . "
tr	PAST	Ji Hu actually slapped him on the back and congratulated him after the last concert .
tr	PAST	Suddenly Jacy 's mood brightened and she reached out and touched her .
tr	PAST	It immediately screeched its warning and flashed its bright red lights .
tr	PRES	" His dentist appointment .
tr	PAST	His voice boomed through the line .
tr	PAST	Energy roared through me , heightened my senses .
tr	PRES	Marina reaches out and clutches my hand tightly .
tr	PRES	He falls to his knees and then bursts into ash .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Alexis sprouted a pair of demonic wings , her skin turned a pale white , and her eyes turned a blood red .
tr	PRES	Where this particular object will fit remains to be seen .
tr	PRES	' I recall your echo was Spiritual , Adelaide .
tr	PRES	I scramble to by feet and dash away , looking back to see an elderly lady wearing the nicest of clothes , all made of animal skin .
tr	PRES	But , truth be told , he dreaded what she had to say to him .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't mean to scare you , " he uttered breathless .
tr	PAST	I stoop down and slip my sandals off .
tr	PRES	Can you forgive me ? "
tr	PAST	After a few seconds , he froze , glanced up at Tucker , and pulled out his two boxes of playing cards .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	The Black Widow stands in her palm , buffing its legs together .
tr	PRES	He holds his daughter tight , looking back over the shattered city .
tr	PRES	" I 'd better get to class , " she states .
tr	PAST	Finally , exhausted , he stripped off the robe and fell into bed .
tr	PRES	Maxwell sniffs the air .
tr	PAST	I even lent a sympathetic ear on occasion .
tr	PAST	The thought lightened her heart .
tr	PRES	As I towel off , my reflection opens its mouth and closes it a few times , wondering how I am expected to respond to that .
tr	PRES	The word pops unbidden into my mind and I try to shake it off .
tr	PAST	We painted the interior , installed new floors , and purchased new furniture including the big TV and the audio system .
tr	PAST	Her normally inviting eyes were hollow and distant .
tr	PAST	He hacked and slashed as they came on , but there were too many , and he didn 't have the strength to fight back .
tr	PRES	Then the London School of Medicine .
tr	PRES	He visits her , every night , after visiting hours .
tr	PAST	He motioned his men to light up and take a break .
tr	PRES	You feed her from your hand , for God 's sake . "
tr	PAST	" Good to see you fellows , " Gabriel stated .
tr	PRES	It tastes like carbonated prune juice .
tr	PAST	Brick preferred it to any other explanation he 'd been given and instantly adopted it as truth .
tr	PRES	She reaches over to the nearest canvas and tugs off the sheet .
tr	PRES	" Sammy , you forgave me for that . "
tr	PAST	She padded down the hallway , peeking into the room where Cammie and Travis had slept only to find the bed empty .
tr	PAST	The car speeding toward him slowed as the gun projecting from the open window fired three rounds .
tr	PRES	My mouth partly opens in surprise .
tr	PRES	" While sad music plays in the background ? "
tr	PAST	During that journey back to Cambridge , what had seemed like fullness , hollowed out .
tr	PRES	" Don 't use that word again , " I warn .
tr	PRES	You refuse , James chuckles , looking at his grandmother .
tr	PAST	At least the guy in the Audi won 't get away , Wilkins reflected to himself .
tr	PAST	And I lied to you for months . "
tr	PAST	Danvers announced the project is on hold while they investigate . "
tr	PRES	Mason sighs in relief .
tr	PAST	As he drove he hauled out the now wrinkled notes , found her so-called " age . "
tr	PRES	He opens the door and ushers Harlin inside just as my sister comes to check what 's going on .
tr	PRES	It hugs me just right .
tr	PRES	Confusion fills his features before his face relaxes .
tr	PAST	Then again , maybe it never really mattered , what I did or what choices I made .
tr	PRES	He loves to experience things and He can 't do that without you . "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Daisy , who had wandered round to the far side of the vehicle when the argument had kicked off , squealed and dived underneath it .
tr	PRES	Quinn snaps a lead rope into the ring on the halter and I fight the urge to run .
tr	PAST	" We pretended to be pioneers on the Oregon Trail . "
tr	PAST	Aimee proceeded to show Wendy how she intended to assure her happily ever after by appeasing some ridiculous superstition with handkerchiefs , jewelry and garters .
tr	PAST	" You 're supposed to be resting , " Lily reprimanded Ryland .
tr	PRES	Without looking at him , I mumbled something about contacting my bank and dialed the numbers , pressing the phone to my burning face .
tr	PAST	Plus the fact he wasn 't human still bothered her ... a lot .
tr	PAST	Eventually the pain ceased .
tr	PAST	" She slapped you ? "
tr	PAST	Much to his surprise , both arrows easily pierced his underside , and he lost the feeling in his left wing .
tr	PRES	The early evening light shone strong , but the sun had started its slide toward twilight .
tr	PAST	I fiddled with the radio , just for something to do , scanning through the few radio stations that come in clearly in Shelby .
tr	PAST	she inquired , stifling her hope for a moment .
tr	PRES	" She remembers everything ?
tr	PRES	" Was it Annie who gave you the idea to escape ? "
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	He claimed he hated chocolate and was only able to eat it with copious amounts of alcohol .
tr	PRES	He slides several papers across to me .
tr	PRES	" Okay ... " Emma whispers .
tr	PRES	" Of course , your Highness . "
tr	PAST	I visited ghosts of souls I had known .
tr	PRES	When she recognizes me , she flashes me a smile .
tr	PAST	Slowly one song melded into another , and soon he couldn 't remember how long they 'd danced or when he 'd pulled her so close .
tr	PAST	She downed it in one gulp and then poured another .
tr	PRES	Carlos and I got back in the car and headed out , our tires spitting gravel all the way to the gate .
tr	PAST	" Intriguing , " she mumbled to herself as she sat down .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " he sighs , growing distant .
tr	PRES	" More orange juice ?
tr	PRES	His hand slides up my back , grabs a handful of hair near the base of my skull , and pulls my head back .
tr	PAST	It then proceeded to put another leg in and when secured , it lifted its third leg and pulled itself up into the cutout .
tr	PRES	Aren 't they , you know , mentally ... ' He pauses .
tr	PAST	Body language often revealed more than words .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " she mutters .
tr	PRES	She likes that sappy , lovey-dovey stuff you sing .
tr	PRES	He stands up straight .
tr	PAST	We named our two healthy boys Griffin Hanks and Theodore Morris , after their grandfathers .
tr	PRES	He deserves his punishment . "
tr	PRES	It crushes man to be in its shadow .
tr	PRES	" He loves us and I can see it . "
tr	PAST	He sketched his fingers down her neck , dipping inside her flight suit to trace her collarbone .
tr	PAST	" Girl , you 're over-reacting ohhh ... you 're just really angry and sad at the same time " , Jane concurred wisely .
tr	PRES	Maryanne flashes up on the screen .
tr	PRES	" All right then , Harley .
tr	PAST	She belatedly attempted to hide her wounds with the well-worn shawl . " '
tr	PRES	" This kills your kind . "
tr	PAST	For some time the companions crawled and groped upon the ground .
tr	PRES	When the DJ starts saying something in the background , the crowd cheers and jumps up and down , slamming into us and pushing us closer .
tr	PAST	A guy chased after her , and my chest blazed with jealousy .
tr	PAST	Its needle stuck into a button labeled " Close cockpit hatch " Time flew forward again .
tr	PRES	At approximately three weeks the hair , nails and teeth detach , and the first generation of maggots mature into adult flies .
tr	PAST	It glowed brighter and split into two lights , which swirled around each other as they quickly rose higher in the air .
tr	PAST	The three of them stomped down the stairs , fumbled into their jackets , and disappeared into the rainy night .
tr	PRES	Alexis points upward to the sun that shines brightly through the trees .
tr	PRES	He deserves that , and nothing less will do .
tr	PAST	I teleported into the deserts of Tunisia , the smell of dawn in the air .
tr	PAST	Down and down he plunged , glowing with green fire like a streaking comet .
tr	PRES	" Shh , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	Rustler stands at the podium , nodding .
tr	PAST	His mother squinted at him , trying to find the words .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and swiped at her eyes .
tr	PRES	Eddie sees me looking and points to the first web address on the page .
tr	PRES	" The law applies to humans , which we are not .
tr	PAST	The memory chased away some of the ghostly chill prickling her bare arms .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved ruefully .
tr	PRES	Capitan - please -- pardon me .
tr	PRES	" But what about Hand ? "
tr	PAST	She prayed Raj and Shree were okay .
tr	PAST	Reece exhaled , " Are you serious ?
tr	PAST	Then the rain ceased and it formed another colorful bow .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms , nodding .
tr	PAST	This time you could pay attention to how it works , " Gear joked through a chuckle .
tr	PRES	" If you say so , director Johnson .
tr	PRES	Suggests Greg wearily as two more walkers appear in our path .
tr	PRES	" Hairy knuckles ? "
tr	PRES	He clears his throat which is his tell sign that he 's aggravated .
tr	PRES	Not little pops , like they were from the roadside , but crackling fireworks , unmistakably gunshots .
tr	PRES	She holds up a bottle of White Merlot .
tr	PAST	A tumble of confusing emotions rumbled through her .
tr	PRES	Instead , I wove my fingers through his .
tr	PRES	' What a noble fellow ! '
tr	PAST	She wavered between accepting the voice and believing herself insane .
tr	PAST	Humor brightened his eyes .
tr	PAST	Color fused her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Her shiver before she stepped out of reach gratified him .
tr	PAST	I doubted he even drank .
tr	PRES	Logan 's aunt offers me her hand .
tr	PRES	" My path lies elsewhere .
tr	PRES	The idea that Gavin tracked her down made strange feelings stir to life .
tr	PRES	Almost like adding both butterscotch and hot fudge sauce to ice cream at the same time .
tr	PAST	You prayed , right ?
tr	PRES	She drifts away to help the others , her echo glints on his empty pendant .
tr	PAST	She doubted he intended to be intimidating , but the other guy took a step back .
tr	PRES	Too well , in some respects .
tr	PRES	My parents witnessed firsthand the evil of the Leopard .
tr	PAST	The C-17 droned for what seemed like an hour , probably closer to seconds , before a slow smile dimpled Danny 's cheeks .
tr	PRES	A few cars go missing , some money changes hands , all that is easy to overlook .
tr	PRES	" Should I warn her ? "
tr	PRES	Star sniffs the pony and rams his head into Dad 's side , acting bratty .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver , numb .
tr	PRES	A sly smile plays on my lips , but I won 't give it .
tr	PAST	When the detective turned the corner and saw who it was , his face brightened considerably .
tr	PRES	I bat my eyelashes innocently at him and extend the cigarette toward him .
tr	PRES	" That guy who wrote Dracula .
tr	PAST	The drums rumbled again .
tr	PAST	I twirled around and managed to put myself in between Finn and the robber .
tr	PRES	All my hints , my tone , my demeanor , whoosh , right over his head .
tr	PRES	Janie shone her headlamp on the walls of the shaft .
tr	PAST	He seized her by the hair and snatched her to him so her back and sword slammed against his chest .
tr	PRES	She pinches it between her fingertips and says , ' Yes .
tr	PRES	Talking about it helps . "
tr	PAST	" You never drink much , " she mumbled , standing back to let him in .
tr	PRES	A moment passes and an unnatural silence rolls over the pond , as if all the creatures are waiting for Grams to respond .
tr	PRES	" Did Louisa teach you that ? "
tr	PAST	It still floated hundreds of meters away .
tr	PRES	Damien strokes my cheek .
tr	PAST	So he embedded it in my mind without me even knowing it . "
tr	PRES	Sleep now , and let us get on with it . "
tr	PRES	she asked him , her voice purposely soothing .
tr	PRES	For the first time in ages , light shone into the box 's interior .
tr	PRES	Honor is the way of the Garo , " he concludes , suddenly dipping backward just before the sun sets completely .
tr	PAST	We stripped our sweats and T-shirts down to our swimsuits and slipped into the hot tub .
tr	PAST	She tugged at my shirt , forcing me to back up a few steps .
tr	PAST	So I tipped my head back .
tr	PRES	His dark hair matches his black eyes and his skin is as white as a lily and equally as beautiful .
tr	PAST	" Okay , I 'll busy myself and not think of this , " I lied .
tr	PAST	He seized the coconuts and tossed them to the ground .
tr	PRES	Suddenly she hears a thump coming from the deck somewhere above them while her other sisters are talking amongst themselves .
tr	PAST	He regarded Aiden coolly ; he looked like he was thinking about using the dagger the same way he had with Seth .
tr	PRES	Milt , she just -- disappears .
tr	PRES	" A partial on the hood of the car .
tr	PAST	I tensed , and it had nothing to do with the needle piercing my skin .
tr	PAST	But when she pulled back , apprehension dimmed her eyes .
tr	PAST	In my heart , I feared I knew .
tr	PAST	The muscular islander preferred close combat .
tr	PRES	" What about your career ?
tr	PAST	" Short sighted as ever , Maeve . "
tr	PAST	Wallace worshipped his wife and daughter ; they were his world .
tr	PRES	" And your mum .
tr	PRES	Melissa stills ( and probably stops breathing as well ) and then , to my horror , her anger erupts .
tr	PRES	" You who have the Sight , and know that extraordinary things do exist .
tr	PAST	I lied to her .
tr	PAST	" Those were just some photo ops of us in the countries we visited during our promo tour .
tr	PRES	" You try it , you lousy dame .
tr	PAST	A slim man emerged .
tr	PAST	" I should um , I should change out of my uniform , " I mumbled , attempting to pull my hands away from his .
tr	PRES	" She 's right , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	My mind free falls and my body tenses .
tr	PRES	Quite fast it streams out .
tr	PRES	" He opens his mouth again , shoot him . "
tr	PAST	He pushed the heavy body aside and scrambled up , panicked at the blood coating his clothing .
tr	PAST	I accused , tired of being told what to do .
tr	PRES	It warped her or something .
tr	PAST	" You could have brought Raven along , " Gregori chided softly , aloud .
tr	PAST	A clump of cobwebs sprouted from the rotten scalp , drifting slowly in the frozen wind .
tr	PRES	Zoe touches her forehead .
tr	PAST	They abandoned the ranch next to the De La Cruz property . "
tr	PRES	Blake and I flank him on the field at second and third base respectively .
tr	PAST	He pressed his lips together , his head cocked to the side as he sat back .
tr	PRES	She smiled up at him , her fingertips stroking his cheeks , the taut muscle along his jaw .
tr	PRES	He lets go of Emma 's wrists and sits on the floor , shoulders hunched in defeat .
tr	PRES	" No , " she lies again .
tr	PAST	As Molly and I dabbed at our tears , I stole a quick glance around the chapel .
tr	PAST	The few that remained fled .
tr	PAST	A few seconds later he exited the vehicle and stood next to Mitchell .
tr	PRES	He chuckles as he shakes his head .
tr	PAST	I scooted closer and wrapped my arm around my mother 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Mitch crawled into the back and sank into the heavy leather seat .
tr	PAST	Not daring to look back , Seth plunged down the stairs two at a time .
tr	PRES	I really don 't want to know , Evan , ' she begged , her voice a whisper .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around Ben and he falls backwards .
tr	PRES	Ted hates that she keeps hanging around . "
tr	PAST	she inquired while releasing her grip on the ball .
tr	PRES	" And Suzie ? "
tr	PRES	" What in this book lets me open the ley line , so I can find Graham ? "
tr	PRES	It allows cargo ships to unload without landing .
tr	PAST	" I need another beer , " she announced , draining the last few drops in her bottle , wobbling a little as she stood .
tr	PRES	" What about the cheerleaders ? "
tr	PRES	The pilots laugh loudly into the microphone making sure the team hears them .
tr	PAST	Pulling up her sleeve he exposed the gold and silver band on her arm .
tr	PRES	I 'll rate it for you . "
tr	PAST	I whirl with a scowl upon my face .
tr	PAST	She hooked one arm over the top and pulled herself up onto its slippery surface .
tr	PRES	' Any bets on how fast it goes viral ? '
tr	PRES	That 's friendship for you , " she teased with exaggerated indignation .
tr	PAST	He faltered for a second while trying to shake off the warmth of the quick hug and respond in his most professional voice .
tr	PAST	Smoke coiled out of the tinder .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled wickedly .
tr	PRES	Before any of the shocked and bewildered crew can ask him for any details , he draws his mount to a sudden halt on the deck .
tr	PAST	She sniffed loudly and Laurel turned .
tr	PRES	" Has she or has she not been spying on my family 's business while she worked for Parker ?
tr	PAST	Jaime swirled , and Lina tried to stop him , to grab his arm but it was too late .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened and shot up , a slow smile spreading across his face .
tr	PRES	He slams his hand on the counter .
tr	PRES	After a few moments , the second man proceeds down the steps as well , but instead of passing by , sits down next to me .
tr	PRES	Everything I say or do brings up a memory of the time we spent together .
tr	PAST	" I almost have it , " he exclaimed , whipping back around as the raccoon circled him for about the millionth time .
tr	PAST	Norman flicked off the screen , sat back .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air and listened intensely , but I didn 't hear or smell anything out of the ordinary .
tr	PRES	" Message begins : Dear Marcia , I hope you are keeping well .
tr	PRES	She deserves a chance , too . "
tr	PAST	I stated with my head pointing towards the ground again .
tr	PAST	The trader 's hull split .
tr	PRES	" High society . "
tr	PRES	She lets out a disheartened laugh and shakes her head in disagreement .
tr	PRES	Tightly braided red hair fades down into a short beard upon the man 's angry face .
tr	PRES	He lets out a breath , but I see a hint of a smile as I look at through my hair .
tr	PRES	" My Blaze . "
tr	PRES	They exist before the beginning .
tr	PRES	" Her blood smells ... so unique , " Mateo said , lifting his nose into the air and inhaling deeply , " ... spicy . "
tr	PRES	Trystan stretches and sits up , letting the blanket fall from his body .
tr	PAST	As soon as I got home my mother whisked me off for a little shopping spree .
tr	PAST	They prayed and readied themselves to kill the innocent .
tr	PAST	Vlad enjoyed the downfall of others , Aden mourned it .
tr	PRES	" Listen to me , you little prick .
tr	PAST	Groth eyed her curiously .
tr	PRES	A battalion of armoured soldiers march upon a town , slaughtering all those that stand in their way .
tr	PRES	My wedding belongs to the people now .
tr	PRES	" Delores already -- " Jorge clamped his lips together .
tr	PRES	" She never changes the tone of her voice , no matter what we do to her .
tr	PAST	Technology so advanced that space travel via space warp is old hat . "
tr	PRES	She dreaded another big storm , but to be honest , her anxiety tonight came not from the coming gale but from Sutherland .
tr	PRES	Letting out a frustrated sigh , I lean back in , shut the window and lock it .
tr	PRES	" Now , now , " she mumbled and dusted the amphibian with powder .
tr	PRES	But there , they harvest Humans for food ... that 's it ! "
tr	PAST	The creature drooled and snarled , and took a step towards Elden .
tr	PRES	But Jake deals with facts , and all we have right now is server breach . "
tr	PRES	He wouldn 't be doing her any favors by piling his frustrations on top of hers .
tr	PRES	He whisked me into his arms again and carried me to my car .
tr	PAST	The banging persisted , so loudly that I released Jared 's hand to cover my ears .
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PRES	' ' Mitch ? "
tr	PRES	" Are you , Allie ?
tr	PRES	Technically I already qualify for graduation .
tr	PRES	He likes his focus right where it is , thanks .
tr	PRES	There 's nothing wrong with that , " I snap .
tr	PAST	Wrapping her fingers around the necklace she tugged until the chain snapped .
tr	PRES	March lashes out with a blow that would fell anyone else .
tr	PAST	Ken joked , and I laughed for a short take .
tr	PRES	" What about Elsa ? "
tr	PAST	One of the three men scooted in beside me .
tr	PAST	I retreated a step .
tr	PRES	The leopard jumped , paws resting on Kane 's shoulders to lick his violet tattoo .
tr	PAST	Even my old grouch Oliver , here . "
tr	PAST	Their chins tipped up in defiance , and their eyes promised retribution .
tr	PRES	I don , t belong here doing this .
tr	PAST	Ruby clutched her bag and looked at Jo .
tr	PRES	People cherish the words you write , especially The Punisher . "
tr	PRES	She holds up her tiny little hand and gives me a wave back .
tr	PRES	Adrian sees to that .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains it . "
tr	PRES	She grinned , eyes gleaming as all sorts of plans and organizational thoughts swirled in her mind .
tr	PAST	It weaved back and forth between intricate and nonsensical patterns , giving her a massive headache .
tr	PRES	The black Kevlar clothing hugs his body , protecting his long limbs and svelte physique .
tr	PRES	' It removes certain molecules by weight .
tr	PAST	The beast bounced back , drooped , and plummeted to the floor .
tr	PAST	Looking across the floor she clutched Will to her , rolling to cover him as much as she was able with her own body .
tr	PAST	The woman giggled , and a moment later said something that sounded angry .
tr	PAST	Wild mushrooms , ricotta , feta , and parmesan cheeses , and fresh basil topped one of the best sauces I had ever eaten .
tr	PRES	Although , it might tickle . '
tr	PAST	It served as a distraction , taking his attention away from me and back to his burning body .
tr	PAST	I lingered back as Seth strode to the registration desk .
tr	PAST	Sebastian cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	He swiped his brow with his sleeve again .
tr	PAST	He plunged into her .
tr	PRES	The minister clears his throat and draws a long raspy breath before beginning .
tr	PRES	" So , they belong here ? "
tr	PRES	" That jackass ! "
tr	PAST	Quickly , they received the confirmation copy .
tr	PRES	" Did the rucksack that the owl came in belong to you as well ? "
tr	PRES	We both refill our cups of coffee and sit on the couch .
tr	PAST	Ellie screeched , and John bent down to pick her up , planting a kiss on her fat cheek .
tr	PRES	Seth offers me a sympathetic smile , but there 's pity in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Sara feeds her , holds her .
tr	PRES	That the place itself is shielding them , not runes or some other kind of magic ? "
tr	PRES	" Please don 't die , lass .
tr	PRES	Henderson stops the airplane and shuts down the engines .
tr	PAST	Something about the way she said invitation pricked a nerve .
tr	PAST	I writhed and screamed with agony .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to question the driver on the night life and of course : where the Casino was .
tr	PAST	At his touch , my own annoyance faltered , as did my words .
tr	PRES	A predator looming over prey .
tr	PAST	David flicked his fingers to zoom in towards Portland and then towards an address just northwest of downtown .
tr	PAST	She untied the gag on the one who had spoken .
tr	PAST	And he prayed to God she hadn 't sent it yet .
tr	PAST	" Now that is great service , " I joked .
tr	PRES	I can 't believe it didn 't go off , " Sean mumbled into the opened trunk .
tr	PRES	" I tremble in fear , boy .
tr	PAST	She froze , blinked , and then stared .
tr	PRES	She suspiciously glances at my choice of attire for the evening .
tr	PRES	Hailey reaches for the board game and hands it to me .
tr	PRES	When we get to the conference room , he once again opens the door and gestures for me to precede him .
tr	PAST	He stiffened at Tristan 's shoulder , baring his teeth .
tr	PAST	A fragile quarter inch of snow dusted the pavement .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think so , " she countered , shooting him a quick glare while she hopped on one foot to pull on her shorts .
tr	PRES	It allows me to rest my brain and prepare for the bombardment the next day .
tr	PAST	A few intricately carved stone benches stood like cubes along the walkway , though some had crumbled into misshapen mounds of rock .
tr	PAST	More to the point , no sex with Guy Jarrod .
tr	PRES	We bathe often in a hidden stream north of Haven .
tr	PRES	Ty stretches out a hand .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going out , " Magnus announced .
tr	PRES	For now , let 's just assume it had something to do with Titus , alright ?
tr	PAST	" For some reason you never felt the call to be one of them , " he surmised .
tr	PAST	The word exploded from a mountain of resentments .
tr	PAST	As if he couldn 't just hop to his feet on those rare occasions when the ball visited his side of the field .
tr	PRES	Ben 's voice booms from behind .
tr	PAST	They propped it up by the far wall , nearly toppling a pile of rugs .
tr	PRES	He slams his lips against mine .
tr	PRES	" Some might say it was a lucky accident , " Dante points out .
tr	PAST	She twirled a bit of honeysuckle vine between two fingers .
tr	PRES	" Father wishes for me to marry . "
tr	PAST	She lessened the pressure .
tr	PAST	Still , she dutifully stuffed the keychain into her bag , making a mental note to call Fuji when she and Chase were finished cleaning .
tr	PAST	" Got 'em now .
tr	PRES	My body softens in response , savoring the contact .
tr	PRES	Although that 's not encouragement for you to run off whenever the urge strikes you . "
tr	PAST	A crooked smile tugged at Garrett 's mouth , and he went to the cradle .
tr	PRES	Actually , scratch that .
tr	PRES	" You English ? "
tr	PAST	He extended his hand over Tom 's head .
tr	PAST	All at once young Selena panicked .
tr	PRES	My sister 's smile fades .
tr	PAST	The same theme of peeling white paint and cracked tile floors adorned the lobby .
tr	PRES	The city talks to me in my head .
tr	PRES	" But it applies to other vampires ? "
tr	PAST	Chapter Ten Sarah awoke at Constance Goodman 's house as the doctor examined her .
tr	PRES	But a lifetime debt buys a lot of drinks . '
tr	PAST	But he doubted he 'd have a better chance to catch her with her guard down .
tr	PAST	Mina pretended not to hear them , but wondered what they were talking about .
tr	PRES	" I 'll still bring you , pick you up , " Gage offers .
tr	PRES	Make sure Jules helps with wardrobe . )
tr	PAST	Light reflected off his irises , just like it had with the succubus girls on stage .
tr	PAST	She pretended she hadn 't been admiring him .
tr	PRES	Well , if that 's the case she owes me $ 900 . "
tr	PAST	I dropped my eyes , my hands fisted in my skirt .
tr	PAST	I eyed him suspiciously .
tr	PRES	" I assume you 're planning to attend the ceremony ? "
tr	PRES	" Not a good idea Frey .
tr	PRES	The night sky shone down on them , the glitter of a thousand stars lighting the area .
tr	PAST	" Who terminated him ? "
tr	PAST	" I lied . "
tr	PAST	Looking down at his hip , Nathaniel cringed .
tr	PAST	They wavered , like he was seeing them beneath water .
tr	PAST	" Cousin , I thought you preferred not to design weapons ! "
tr	PRES	" He likes to hear the word together from me , maybe he ´ ll think I said we ´ ll live together . "
tr	PAST	He strengthened the connection enough so that his body imitated his movements .
tr	PRES	" It 's possible , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	I eyed him with amused suspicion .
tr	PAST	" I am in love with Jake , " the girl named Cathy whispers .
tr	PRES	A beautiful , crystal green creek .
tr	PAST	The machine operated continually around the clock .
tr	PAST	I lied to my parents and told them I was studying at a friend 's house . "
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , sweetie ?
tr	PAST	I collapsed onto the floor .
tr	PRES	A smile graces my face .
tr	PAST	He delighted more in large dollops of mysticism .
tr	PRES	What brings you out ? "
tr	PRES	" Can 't keep a good man down , eh ? "
tr	PRES	Jack , you dopey git !
tr	PAST	" That woman is nuts , " accused old man Bonner , waving a shaky finger in my direction .
tr	PAST	She made chili , " he stated .
tr	PAST	The constant failure created so much frustration and stress that , at sixteen , Jasmine had been hospitalized for anxiety disorders .
tr	PAST	The police inspector grunted .
tr	PAST	Yet his ambition far outweighed his skill and he failed , or did he ? "
tr	PAST	She freed herself from my arms .
tr	PAST	She announced before standing up straight despite her inability to do so yet .
tr	PAST	They brainwashed you , so you would work for them , like a slave . "
tr	PAST	" I designed it so the tunic could protect your legs , but split so that you could sit astride Shimmer easily .
tr	PAST	He washed it down with a gulp of champagne .
tr	PAST	She smashed her head and at once went limp .
tr	PRES	" In the meantime I have a different concern for you to check on , " Angelo states .
tr	PAST	Sydney then proceeded to tell me about the bloodbath of a custody battle to come .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open and I start to sit up , but he gently pushes me back down against the bed .
tr	PRES	Hank climbs out of his truck to reveal that he is over six feet tall and built like a linebacker .
tr	PAST	The words gritted from my clenched teeth .
tr	PAST	Their strides faltered and Johnny saw two faces blanch .
tr	PRES	" Um , are you and Henry , um ... you know . "
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and increased the pressure on the windpipe .
tr	PAST	No one could have doubted them .
tr	PAST	Her power only lessened the pain ; she could do nothing more extensive .
tr	PAST	Too tired to shower , she collapsed onto her bed .
tr	PRES	I shout , my breaths turning to vapor .
tr	PAST	The expression on her face momentarily revealed the old fragility .
tr	PRES	She loves fiercely and strong , not afraid to voice her opinions and to defend what she believes is right .
tr	PRES	" Oh , the Barbara Jenkins case again ? "
tr	PRES	When Serena can see her toes above the trident , she lets go .
tr	PAST	He received more shouts to get out of the way , and people started to throw things .
tr	PRES	" What stops us , Felix , from living in the forest always , encased in fur , living like the beasts that we are ? "
tr	PRES	" Marlon loves his sister very much .
tr	PRES	He stops talking and runs his hand slowly down my hair , resting it on my back , but tracing light circles with his finger .
tr	PRES	" Johnnie ... " " Jess .
tr	PAST	It was indeed the taste of home , the smoky peat almost slapping them across the face with its flavour .
tr	PRES	The vampire hisses to his companion as he paces back and forth , creating a dirt patch on the grass within seconds .
tr	PAST	He exploded to his feet , rage and agony boiling his blood .
tr	PAST	Doctor Baby clasped his hands behind his back .
tr	PRES	" Ten bucks . "
tr	PRES	He falls silent and his wife , behind the screen again , goes on .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " I add , stating the obvious .
tr	PRES	He climbs into the driver seat and I climb into the passenger seat and we both shut our doors .
tr	PRES	" He is in the clink and has been al day , sobering up .
tr	PAST	And then there are the evergreens with their branches tipped with snow , their color an accent for the white .
tr	PRES	Sean wraps his arms around me and holds on tight .
tr	PRES	" Okay , back to the layers , " she redirected .
tr	PAST	" So you lied .
tr	PRES	" Why bury it ? "
tr	PRES	Women constantly in and out of his office , seeking solace in his legal strength , projecting hope on their attorney after betrayal , failed love .
tr	PRES	Bile rises up in my throat .
tr	PRES	" I want to sleep one night through , please , " she begged .
tr	PRES	No one pays twenty percent . "
tr	PRES	I lean in to hear him whisper , taking a sip of wine as he speaks .
tr	PAST	The stone glowed momentarily , tumblers rattled , and the door swung smoothly open .
tr	PAST	Ezio perused a drawing of a horseman managing two horses , harnessed side by side .
tr	PAST	" And all was right with the world , " I joked .
tr	PRES	" And what about the cement blocks holding up the trailer ? "
tr	PRES	It sings ' Scotland the Brave ' just to remind me where I came from .
tr	PRES	Another feign attempt fails as Mai doesn 't lead the boy into a trap with a false warning .
tr	PAST	She inhaled sharply as Felix reached towards the wound .
tr	PRES	Releasing its victim , it tries to return to the swamp .
tr	PRES	It ranges from inventing a new type of boat to getting married .
tr	PRES	" But Dare ? "
tr	PAST	She massaged the tiny body , trying anything she could think of and getting no response .
tr	PRES	" Never ... in all my years of teaching nursing ... unprofessional behaviour ... " I heard the older woman mutter .
tr	PAST	She scampered away , practically praying that his name would come roaring back from somewhere .
tr	PAST	His sister , still in human form , crouched beside him .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air , checking from side to side before he settled his muzzle on his paws again with a huff .
tr	PRES	The task falls to Echo and myself .
tr	PAST	She sniffed sitting still while I washed her face as if she were the child .
tr	PAST	Above her , northern lights painted the sky with green streaks and bursts of red .
tr	PAST	In a few moments time the hands aligned to ten past two .
tr	PRES	It tries to launch , firing away from the base , but all it manages to do is shudder .
tr	PAST	He caressed her cheek and she had to turn her face into his warmth .
tr	PAST	Instinctively , she withdrew Hew from the scabbard strapped to her back .
tr	PAST	He swiped it away with the back of his hand .
tr	PRES	On this day we celebrate your victory in the Clan war .
tr	PAST	He doubted they would reveal much .
tr	PRES	After a full three minutes , Marika 's eyes shone brighter as she glanced to Jake .
tr	PRES	" He likes you ! "
tr	PRES	" So Ferrero loves you again ? "
tr	PAST	Sarah fiddled with her fingers as she slowly got up to go to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	Then she extended the whip experimentally .
tr	PAST	Azalea hopped off the couch realizing how close Jaiden was to her .
tr	PRES	Finally I settle back and conserve my energy , saving it for when I can focus it more usefully .
tr	PRES	" A witch ? "
tr	PRES	" Bye Kar , I love you " I click the end call and continue to ignore Blake .
tr	PAST	Jimmy Hyde 's grin froze .
tr	PRES	Dallas slams the cabinet door under the sink , and my heart jumps .
tr	PRES	Hit considers for a moment .
tr	PRES	This applies to traditions , customs , and religious ceremonies as well .
tr	PRES	She lets the question hang in the air .
tr	PAST	Richard seized a bedpost from a constable .
tr	PAST	He preferred to travel with only his personal guard , a group of twenty men .
tr	PRES	' How about Judas ? '
tr	PRES	' Oh , how exceedingly singular ! '
tr	PAST	Ant seized his toolbox with his left hand , putting the paint brush in as if to comply .
tr	PRES	" No , seriously , " Ash mumbled .
tr	PRES	CM : Um ... BG : Hey , here 's something I can tell you now , something that 'll blow your mind , ok ?
tr	PAST	He absorbed the blow easily and felt renewed by the powerful energy that filled his veins .
tr	PAST	I pretended that I was alright ; that the pieces which my body was composed of were still intact .
tr	PAST	" Torch , " he instructed , and was immediately handed a flashlight .
tr	PRES	Amanda loves drama , and she just won the lead to play Maria in West Side Story .
tr	PAST	Press reports blamed the breakdown of this idea on a misunderstanding over the meaning of the term " launch pad . "
tr	PRES	She opens the card and looks at it .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on me , and I wondered if that was a message .
tr	PRES	" But you only just now gifted it to me ! "
tr	PRES	Picking up a sugar snap pea , he holds it to my lips .
tr	PAST	The images from her vision ceased as well , so he could only imagine what was happening to Elise behind him .
tr	PRES	" That slut ! "
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes my hand in his , then places it over his heart .
tr	PAST	They froze on the spot .
tr	PRES	You know , something worth fighting for , " she explains , simply thinking out loud at this point .
tr	PRES	She glares back at Isaac in a sidelong glance .
tr	PAST	She massaged her temples and groaned .
tr	PRES	" A shoe seemed right , " Dad mutters .
tr	PAST	Jimmy slowed his dribbling momentum and sent a crisp pass out left and into empty space for Plug to run onto .
tr	PRES	Chapter Twenty-One William ~ Present Day Ten thirty-five mocked me from the ticking dashboard clock .
tr	PAST	His muscled arm curved around my waist .
tr	PAST	Closer ... It swooped in so close she could feel the dragon 's hot breath .
tr	PAST	she mumbled , her cheek pressing warmly on my neck .
tr	PAST	She tipped her chin toward the parlor .
tr	PRES	" A big E if you please .
tr	PAST	They swirled like silver mercury as he took in the scene around him .
tr	PAST	It bothered me a little bit .
tr	PRES	The rest of the men tuned in , leaning forward in their seats .
tr	PRES	" But about last spring ? "
tr	PRES	He pushes me into the garden and slams the door .
tr	PRES	He throws great parties , anyway .
tr	PRES	It slows about 50 yards out and wiry boatmen lug our gear on their shoulders and heads as we wade to shore .
tr	PRES	Serena glances at Cordelia 's midsection again .
tr	PRES	The Chancellor lets his voice turn somber .
tr	PRES	He eases himself off the bed and grabs a pair of crutches .
tr	PRES	He releases a vast breath and it 's almost as if I can see the pain literally escaping him .
tr	PAST	He tugged her hand down to his rampant erection .
tr	PAST	I collapsed on my face with a cry .
tr	PRES	He tries to hide his emotions behind some semblance of nobility , but the shame is plain on his face .
tr	PAST	I 'd do her , " one of the football players from the night before chimed in .
tr	PAST	Thoughts of Skate swirled around me , the conversation I 'd just had with Ollie fresh in my mind .
tr	PRES	" No , " she refuses without question .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " Kacey mutters .
tr	PRES	She holds up her hands when I take an angry step toward her .
tr	PAST	But the lithe knight soon proved himself more than equal to the fight .
tr	PAST	" I want to talk to you , " he announced sternly , playing the part .
tr	PAST	Bernard grunted , as if to acknowledge the touch .
tr	PRES	" Harlin needs you , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" I assume , now that you agree you 're in danger , you 'll let me investigate the warnings in an official capacity . "
tr	PRES	But if he did approve ... if it stirred him ... if it enticed him ... a shiver of anticipation ran up her spine .
tr	PAST	She eyed the two .
tr	PAST	Max tugged his tablet out of his backpack and started typing .
tr	PAST	That night on Nona 's couch , I dreamed I was on top of the mayor , pushing on his eyes .
tr	PAST	Her heels click on the tile down the hallway .
tr	PRES	Perry , startled , begins to withdraw his hand , but freezes .
tr	PAST	Her steps slowed and her internal warning sirens screamed .
tr	PAST	The small table that had been before him was gone , replaced by a lush green valley .
tr	PRES	" A nap ? "
tr	PAST	For a moment winter emerged from the sea of the seasons again .
tr	PRES	A smile curves my lips .
tr	PAST	He sped to its back , the gun seized solidly in his hands , his finger ready to squeeze the trigger .
tr	PAST	" I know , Justin , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	He briefly described Parma , its Panthers , the Italian league , then moved the topics back to her side of the table .
tr	PAST	She seized a plate off the table and flung it at him .
tr	PRES	The quiet sound of the rustling wind weaves through the air .
tr	PRES	' And what about Brand ?
tr	PAST	I stiffened in Gavin 's arms .
tr	PRES	He snaps heading towards the stairs .
tr	PRES	" Ski resort ? "
tr	PRES	The creature remains silent , his eyes penetrating deep .
tr	PAST	But it never ceased to amaze him how stupid a man could be over a woman .
tr	PRES	" Okay , but this falls under the roommate umbrella of secrecy .
tr	PAST	He extended out his hand , holding the four month old fetus in front of my face .
tr	PRES	" Randy , being either of those things carries its own stigma .
tr	PRES	Dad mumbled a barely coherent yes and she poured him a generous helping .
tr	PAST	His gaze never wavered , but ... " Then why did Maximus say you ordered him to shadow me there ? "
tr	PAST	I tipped my head back and the liquid scorched my throat and burned in my chest .
tr	PRES	" Is not exactly red carpet material ... ?
tr	PRES	When I pulled back to look at him , his eyes danced with playfulness .
tr	PRES	He flips open his computer and types something in .
tr	PAST	He had eluded them .
tr	PAST	Joe 's fork pierced the tender piece of steak that lay in a pool of thin , red gravy on his plate .
tr	PRES	She misses me when I 'm gone . "
tr	PRES	" It uses relays .
tr	PRES	The porch light shone on the sage brush across the road and the solitude in every direction .
tr	PRES	Then Baker reaches across the table and shakes Crawley 's hand .
tr	PRES	He steals a look a Penelope , then asks , " Can I talk to you ... alone ? "
tr	PAST	" Vivian supported Tiffany throughout the trial .
tr	PAST	Layla washed her food down with a leisurely draw on her straw .
tr	PRES	He holds the cigarette in front of me .
tr	PRES	I lean against the counter , feeling like I can 't hold myself up anymore .
tr	PAST	Most of what I read claimed otherwise .
tr	PRES	" He recognizes his own kind already .
tr	PAST	Once outside , Raven zipped her jacket to her chin .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry " Peter quickly states before he is standing before me again .
tr	PRES	" Because they expect to win , " he beamed .
tr	PRES	" Take care of him lass , he 's worth it and he 's lucky to have such a fine girl as you . "
tr	PRES	Snow Flower reaches out to him , " Son , we know that you have strong feelings for Diana . "
tr	PAST	My mom named me for my eyes . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm not going to make you scream , Mrs. Stark , " he whispers with mischief in his voice .
tr	PRES	" Hi , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Devon stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	Alternately grazing , then soothing with his tongue until the fire he lit exploded in a haze of passion .
tr	PRES	" What if someone sees you ? "
tr	PAST	I rotated my gaze , watching the gym unravel ... but for the first time , I wasn 't a part of the buzz -- the excitement .
tr	PAST	Reluctantly he produced the flask and handed it over .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he lets it grow and expand , filling his palm and then rising to hang in the hot air above us .
tr	PRES	Loves having a companion , loves being married .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " he murmurs , low .
tr	PAST	He leaped from the roof to the walkway and quietly scuttled along until he was able to peer over the edge and into the courtyard below .
tr	PAST	I clutched the intricate carved black box and closed my eyes , willing myself to wake .
tr	PRES	Nicholas breathes gently and my heart drums in my chest .
tr	PRES	Blythe gasps as one of the glowing red beams strikes Olivia , causing her to fall to her face , stunned .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " she hisses , dropping her head back slightly .
tr	PAST	A control freak , she preferred to see to everything herself so she knew a task was done to her satisfaction .
tr	PRES	He likes flaunting his power over me .
tr	PRES	" Jeez , Irish , " Ashton mutters .
tr	PRES	He shimmers as he walks and is no doubt journeying to his eternal home on a pleasurable island in the Sea of Tranquility .
tr	PRES	A world like Earth lies a few miles below .
tr	PAST	He walked toward her slowly , his hands stuffed into the pockets of his dirty jeans .
tr	PAST	He washed and pulled on some old clothes that he had at the house and crashed on the sofa .
tr	PRES	' And a photo ? '
tr	PAST	Tears soaked her face .
tr	PAST	He tickled my sides and I burst into laughter .
tr	PRES	This time Hau Ngai chuckles as she lifts Julienne in her arms without effort .
tr	PAST	She tugged him over to a chair , then sat on the footstool in front of him .
tr	PAST	You lied to me . "
tr	PAST	Those pins were significant , his reaction proved that .
tr	PRES	' Not normally , ' she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her blonde locks bounced angrily with her bobbing head as she walked the shoes to the ornate bronze trash can in the kitchen .
tr	PRES	I twirl around to find Will standing in the doorway , the sun filling the air around his body with bright white light .
tr	PAST	" I 've seen it before , Hank .
tr	PRES	" Of course you did , " Kenji snaps back .
tr	PAST	Jack regarded me for a long moment with unblinking hazel eyes before leaping up and bolting for the door .
tr	PRES	" What about the Outer Worlds ? "
tr	PAST	Jordan extended his hand , his feet so sure against the jostling waves that could too easily send the priceless gem to the bottom of the bay .
tr	PAST	She tugged on a second bar and it also moved .
tr	PRES	And when you do manage to succeed , the system fails those poor souls who would rather you had let them die .
tr	PAST	The smoke and incense quickly absorbed the negative energies .
tr	PRES	" How can I sleep , I 've been looking around your house , " Jason explains whimsically .
tr	PAST	I abandoned any chance of anonymity and sprinted .
tr	PRES	" And garlic ... silver ... um , holy water - " " You sure about those ? "
tr	PRES	So sure of my hand , and then ... fate deals you out .
tr	PAST	His joke lightened the mood and everyone chuckled before he turned serious again .
tr	PAST	When I slipped inside my apartment , I risked a glance back .
tr	PRES	The thought of his forces descending on Rennes and invading the city causes my stomach to shrivel into a sour knot .
tr	PAST	" You need to tell her about Anna as well , " I mumbled to myself , under my breath and I felt my skin going clammy .
tr	PRES	" What a lovely idea to surprise Sharon !
tr	PAST	" You stole from us ! "
tr	PRES	He stands slowly and took his time walking to the dining table .
tr	PAST	But the monster was undeniably dead , its wretched form reduced to a charred and crumbling ruin .
tr	PAST	Hearing his laughter , Death cocked his head to one side , gazing at him with lifeless eyes .
tr	PRES	Now , if a wish is true , and everyone 's guess is right , that person vows to make their wish come true .
tr	PAST	She grunted as he put his knee into her back , pulling her arms behind her .
tr	PAST	" That girl is outside of enough , " she stated without preamble .
tr	PAST	The shower squealed as it was shut off .
tr	PAST	The tap on her leg combined with the burning sensation in her lungs served to pull her from the beautiful fantasy world daydream .
tr	PAST	Julian readjusted his posture and entered the lion 's den .
tr	PAST	Making another incision , he readied both guns in their slots .
tr	PAST	Drake readied himself just as quickly , snarling at me , flashing a set of stained , yellowed teeth that looked remarkably sharp .
tr	PAST	Her presence lingered in the cabin for a few seconds and when he gathered his jacket from the floor ; he could smell her on it .
tr	PRES	Whenever I asked him about it , he carefully evaded my questions .
tr	PRES	And that brings us up against the very centre of Theology .
tr	PAST	Just phoned my dad . '
tr	PAST	His soft lips caressed her hand .
tr	PRES	" Not today , Jon . "
tr	PAST	A moan vibrated up her throat , and as much as he reveled in the sound , he didn 't want her to be embarrassed .
tr	PRES	After about five minutes , the man returns to the room accompanied by a woman who is introduced to you as the man 's wife .
tr	PAST	" I just panicked .
tr	PRES	When I was down to three matches I began to worry , but with no other options , I pressed forward .
tr	PAST	" That 's them , " she stated .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	Metal screeched as the shower curtain was dragged back .
tr	PAST	The winter snows had fled , chased by the warmth of longer days .
tr	PAST	" Boy , do I. " She giggled .
tr	PAST	and the impression shattered .
tr	PRES	Sam hurled himself against the bolted brazen plates and fell senseless to the ground .
tr	PAST	Noah lounged on a love seat by a coffee table laden with magazines .
tr	PRES	' Should I go on , Aunt Pol ? '
tr	PAST	" Then lead the way -- if you can , " dared Viktor , trying to hide his surprise .
tr	PAST	Yet for some reason Kathy trusted that Arnold was not another TGN stooge .
tr	PAST	His knees collapsed from under him .
tr	PAST	They feared that they were being lured into a heretical deception .
tr	PRES	He winks at me because he doesn 't care .
tr	PRES	It probably stems from the fact Dallas doesn 't really have a background to rely upon when coming up with ways to describe their great city .
tr	PAST	He feared the couple were looking for him to supply something he simply didn 't have .
tr	PAST	The girl eyed it critically , and then nodded .
tr	PAST	Thunder clapped and lighting zigzagged , illuminating the gray sky .
tr	PAST	" Yes , " he countered with a groan .
tr	PAST	Cole stifled a chuckle .
tr	PRES	" Don 't even try it , Frannie .
tr	PAST	She took his large member in her palm and began stroking him , her fisted hand going up and down .
tr	PAST	She tensed her shoulders and grabbed Isaac 's arm .
tr	PAST	" I got information on Zeke Tanner , that 's what I have , " Craig claimed .
tr	PRES	Dear Christ , had she done so only to have him shout at her ?
tr	PAST	" If there was a price , I need to know what it was , " he urged them .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand .
tr	PAST	She acted interested in my mother 's pointless chatter and even kept the conversation going with questions about the event .
tr	PRES	The chalice holds a piece of Abner 's light .
tr	PRES	" Inside of a week , I suspects . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , Lydia . "
tr	PAST	Whatever had assailed him on the wharf would come out , or not .
tr	PAST	Eve 's judgment about interest in the hearing proved correct .
tr	PRES	" Because I need to talk to you , Daphne .
tr	PRES	" I dig it .
tr	PAST	" Listen here , Hank , didn 't I tell you that you 'd be told what to do every waking hour ? "
tr	PRES	A horrible smell reaches me , and I wrinkle my nose .
tr	PRES	My tears flow until there are none left to cry , and then it seems that there is nothing left within me at all .
tr	PRES	When I think about our lives from this point forward if Gray is the father of her child , it terrifies me .
tr	PAST	" I dispatched observers who reported increasing activity .
tr	PRES	" Mr. Gray . "
tr	PRES	" What if she falls in love with him ?
tr	PAST	The Rhinos from Milan scored on the final play and sneaked into the play-offs .
tr	PRES	I scratch the surface of it and realize it 's actually bound in thick real leather , " Whoa . "
tr	PRES	" Hello Zeal . "
tr	PAST	The candlelight reflected the darkness of her hair , making her skin a creamy tan .
tr	PAST	She crumpled the tissue and threw it in the trash .
tr	PAST	She treated me in the kitchen , for better access to boiling water .
tr	PRES	" Just some quantum physics , with a little speculation .
tr	PAST	Hanging her head in her hands , she wept .
tr	PRES	Riordan loves his brother and he was using a shortcut that is expedient for our species , but not very respectful .
tr	PRES	We exit into the kitchen smelling cooked food then scurry into the back yard .
tr	PRES	" For you both Colt .
tr	PAST	" And technically , she drugged herself . "
tr	PAST	The little lines that led the way to her upper lip deepened into furrows .
tr	PRES	" At your parties ? "
tr	PAST	I cocked the bat back and readied for a home run swing .
tr	PAST	Thirty pallets of copper wire awaited him in South Carolina then on to the Wolverine state .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance back to where Emma had been .
tr	PAST	She quickly dismissed the thought .
tr	PRES	Calder reaches over and takes a lock of my hair in his hand .
tr	PAST	He clutched his groin and smiled .
tr	PAST	She cringed to think of what he had to say this time .
tr	PAST	The man , who had inquired to buy her , pondered Ashby 's words .
tr	PRES	A power that traveled at breakneck speeds .
tr	PAST	After that , I quit my sports coaching , become a trainee officer , live in town year-round to qualify .
tr	PAST	He claimed to give people a " choice , " but usually the ramifications of making the wrong choice ensured it wasn 't much of a contest .
tr	PRES	More clothes on the floor , empty food cartons .
tr	PRES	Yasmine sighs , folding her hands together in her lap .
tr	PRES	That never changes . "
tr	PRES	" With or without Owen . "
tr	PRES	Glancing behind me , he offers , " Hey , Dakota .
tr	PAST	Amy playfully smacked him and then kissed him .
tr	PAST	Neenah 's face washed while , and she , too , was frozen , with the teacup still in her hand .
tr	PRES	And you belong to me . "
tr	PAST	She scooted to the edge of the bed and dangled her feet over , searching for her slippers .
tr	PRES	A bachelor in his early thirties , He studied in the United States , at Princeton , he holds a Master in Finance .
tr	PRES	Chapter 4 " Hello ? "
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	The guy reaches for her , saying , " They 're waiting for you in the OR .
tr	PAST	I already violated her trust by telling you about her .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Aunt Becky considers it , and turns to her sister , Butch 's mother Della .
tr	PRES	Still , it all begs the question as to how precisely you 've been married two odd years with no one being the wiser . "
tr	PRES	" I hesitate to bring this up but you 're missing something . "
tr	PAST	She fiddled with some papers in her trash tray , and found the notepad .
tr	PAST	The bullet smacked between the eyes of a female Sentinel .
tr	PAST	Carmine tensed , his glass to his lips .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , obviously amused at my eagerness .
tr	PAST	His hands clutched around my thighs that were tiny compared to his fists .
tr	PRES	" Don 't let them win , Marian .
tr	PAST	Hanna wriggled as though she had bugs in her undies .
tr	PAST	They stole our life together . "
tr	PAST	He flicked the blade open and shoved it straight into Pam 's leg .
tr	PRES	But ... opposites attract . "
tr	PAST	They messed with my hair and face for what seemed like hours , but what were probably only fifteen or twenty minutes .
tr	PRES	She lets out a giggle and I smile as I back us into the bathroom .
tr	PRES	" Maybe he just got lucky , " Sarah whispers .
tr	PRES	Leslie disconnected the call , but kept the happiness in her heart .
tr	PRES	He releases my arm and I brace my hand against the wall nearby so I don 't fall down .
tr	PAST	He fisted his hands and stifled the drive to put an arrow through Lillian 's right eye .
tr	PRES	He opens it wide , so the sounds of the canal and the laughter from the bar downstairs can segue into sleep .
tr	PRES	Messick opens the report and finds the page he wants .
tr	PAST	Once certain she had escaped the compound unnoticed , she furtively circled the gardens , a small blanket hidden under her toga .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the sliding glass door a couple of times .
tr	PAST	Elena exploded through the ranks of the dead , scattering them .
tr	PRES	" How come no one loves me , Lauren ? "
tr	PAST	I just revealed mine .
tr	PAST	His pure male scent invaded the confined space and infiltrated all her senses for the longest uninterrupted moment .
tr	PAST	Her quickened breathing slowed , and her rapid heartbeat began to seek out the pace of his , mirroring the slow , steady rhythm .
tr	PAST	Kane sniffed furiously at one of the doors along a curved bay of elevators .
tr	PRES	His face shone with a promise of greatness and nobility .
tr	PAST	She slowed and came to a stop .
tr	PAST	Beside me , Jesse froze .
tr	PRES	" It seems like you have a pretty great life , " I add .
tr	PRES	Perhaps thy key to further progress lies within you . "
tr	PAST	Vin gritted her teeth .
tr	PRES	Wind slides across her scales as her legs swing up .
tr	PAST	He produced a black wand from his instrument case .
tr	PAST	He doubted he 'd have heard it if he 'd still been asleep .
tr	PRES	But the multi-coloured holds attached to it almost make me change my mind .
tr	PRES	Failing to see the coming swarm until the last second , the boy sees Mai 's strategy too late to opt out .
tr	PAST	She experienced things she never felt before .
tr	PRES	Her hands tightened on him , her nails digging into his back .
tr	PAST	" Didn 't you text him before we left ? "
tr	PAST	I inched my way closer to him and rolled him on his back .
tr	PRES	He tries to laugh , but it just comes out awkward and flat .
tr	PAST	I stuffed out a butt , picked up my shotgun , and climbed out of the car .
tr	PAST	Arianna inhaled sharply , her gaze slid slowly back to him , her eyes bright in the light of the moon .
tr	PAST	Jake 's eyes twinkled with mirth as he observed his grandmother interrogating Mark .
tr	PAST	Destiny inhaled deeply , thankful to be alone .
tr	PAST	Excitement washed over her in a glow of exuberance , and I couldn 't help but feel it too .
tr	PRES	The two of us instantly connect .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Sidney ? "
tr	PRES	" Your consecration draws near .
tr	PAST	Raising the candle , he revealed a man .
tr	PRES	His hot breath stank of beer .
tr	PAST	When they were shining clearly , I trudged upstairs with my cleaning rag and spray bottle and began on the guest bedroom .
tr	PAST	This is so it , " Leah exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" My father required that I learn several languages so that I could conduct international business . "
tr	PAST	The open air , the bottoms of rivers , halfway down sharks , any amount of bedrooms , yes - tombs , no .
tr	PRES	Really , how so ? "
tr	PRES	" Such things exist ? "
tr	PRES	" I staked out the loading dock for a couple of days .
tr	PAST	Pippa cocked an eyebrow at him and scowled .
tr	PRES	" Mind control , " Edgar mumbled with a dark glare .
tr	PAST	Reece collapsed back into Levi 's chest , and looked up into his worried face .
tr	PRES	" No , none of its silly -- he just can 't handle It . "
tr	PRES	" Ha ... ha ... ha ... Hearing it from you it doesn 't feel like a compliment . "
tr	PRES	Lights twinkle in the dark , but they are not stars .
tr	PAST	The tears practically squirted out of my eyes .
tr	PAST	His finger taps the side of the tablet over again .
tr	PRES	He removes his gold pocket watch from his jacket .
tr	PRES	But after an eternity of trying , the door opens up and Aiden enters cautiously , as if he fears me .
tr	PAST	She slowed when she got to the building on the other side of the house , right beside the stables that she and her mama stayed in .
tr	PRES	" The manor ? "
tr	PAST	My heart pounds loudly against my chest , drowning out the lone squawk of a hardy crow circling overhead , scanning for crumbs on the barren ground .
tr	PRES	" I assume that your people have been back and forth , right ? "
tr	PRES	I 've been deprived of some awesome stuff and I 'm tired of waiting , " I teased .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand down on the desk blotter , halting me mid-sentence and almost making me pee my pants .
tr	PRES	" Very fetching ankles . "
tr	PRES	" Am I correct ? "
tr	PAST	When I tried to eat lunch with her she trashed half her sandwich rather than being seen talking to me .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want anything that once belonged to a Murderer , " she explains .
tr	PRES	And your fists . "
tr	PAST	Wren hooked his ankles to hers and spread her legs wide .
tr	PRES	He flourished the metal bracelet sardonically .
tr	PRES	" Then what brings you my way this fine morning , Renna ? "
tr	PRES	He throws down his cards .
tr	PRES	He plays golf , baseball and is on a bowling league . "
tr	PRES	" But you reserve your passion for your wife ! "
tr	PRES	The nurse visibly relaxes .
tr	PAST	Immediately , she dismissed the idea .
tr	PRES	" It 's not , um , exciting like your stories were , " Five begins after a moment .
tr	PAST	Specter padded forward and looked up at Diana with beseeching eyes .
tr	PRES	He snuck into our classroom and crawled into your backpack while you were speaking with Mr. Dart .
tr	PAST	The elevator doors exposed a lab room just as the others , except behind the dividing glass panel was a floor covered in pure white sand .
tr	PAST	Instead , his face revealed resignation , and perhaps acceptance of who he was and the role he played in his father 's world .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER 5 Sean lets me linger in the shower .
tr	PRES	" Too many mortal women surround the plant fairies as it is .
tr	PRES	He hosts parties at his house , and people tell him what they want .
tr	PRES	An awkward moment passes as I watch him pace .
tr	PAST	" I never doubted that .
tr	PRES	He sat with widespread legs , his booted feet resting flat on the carpeted floor .
tr	PAST	Still she toyed with it , trying to get it to fall even more perfectly .
tr	PRES	In the center of the street , not too far ahead , stands a little boy with dark hair and sparkling eyes .
tr	PRES	demanded Marlon , rushing downstairs in nothing but a towel around his waist , his hair dripping with water .
tr	PRES	" Go wash that off before someone sees it 's human blood .
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , suddenly nauseated .
tr	PRES	Can you fix this , Ewan ? "
tr	PAST	" A woman named Sheridan called here , asking for you .
tr	PAST	What if she hopped right out of her left shoe ?
tr	PRES	" What about Jasmine ?
tr	PRES	" The sun will not hurt you ... not anymore , " Dax states .
tr	PRES	He stands stock still , but holds his composure , and extends his hand to me .
tr	PAST	I pondered whether to be grateful , angry , or downright mortified .
tr	PAST	A warm feeling replaced the chill that had left my teeth chattering .
tr	PAST	The immense absence replaced by tranquillity , a field high in mountains , the breeze light and cool .
tr	PRES	Micha draws back , looking surprised as he glances at the house to the side of us and then at the street .
tr	PRES	She loves to help people and is a little bit of an adventurer .
tr	PRES	She remembers the nights .
tr	PAST	He alternately pinched and stroked , heightening her desire until she was out of control .
tr	PAST	What followed only served to compound his uneasiness .
tr	PAST	" Or on my day off , " Garen proposed .
tr	PAST	The drums throb , replacing my pulse with theirs .
tr	PAST	This neighborhood served as the final zone of independence for many of its residents , most only several years from a nursing home existence .
tr	PAST	He wagged a disapproving finger at her but there was no real admonishment in his tone .
tr	PAST	He released me , the look of fear replaced by one of anger .
tr	PAST	He padded across the floor in his small apartment and drew open the blinds .
tr	PRES	And she just breathes .
tr	PRES	Saffron , Tiger Lily , Isabella , Lise My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	' He hears voices telling him to do things .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , but how many other people 's problems involve killing people ? "
tr	PRES	Samara mumbled to himself .
tr	PAST	A sword just barely pricked his side .
tr	PAST	Cody exclaimed , holding up his little hand for a high-five .
tr	PAST	In a flash , he replaced it with the nightgown and turned her to face him .
tr	PAST	" By then you might see Russian or British or American soldiers walking through the forest , " joked Meyer .
tr	PRES	It strikes me that I should pick up a tape recorder , try to get more from these stories when I 'm putting the thing together .
tr	PRES	... " If I could acquire this land ... would you give me a five-year lease ? "
tr	PAST	Unable to trust her legs to support her she crawled toward him .
tr	PAST	Wetting the towel again , she washed the blood from his back .
tr	PAST	He steered the car past a delivery truck and along street after street .
tr	PAST	" Gavin didn 't arrange for Webster to have an accident , " Douglas announced firmly , surprising her with his words .
tr	PRES	The elevator in the middle of the corridor glides open .
tr	PRES	Uriel begins his descent and I follow .
tr	PRES	" That explains why a woman like you was temping .
tr	PRES	It tastes milky with all of the calcium from the rock itself .
tr	PAST	I race them for a hobby . "
tr	PAST	It is one and the same thing really , " she proposed but then immediately noticed that her husband did not look too happy about the idea .
tr	PRES	" I should have been more careful , " I mutter to myself as I push the door open .
tr	PAST	And he advertised it .
tr	PRES	" WHAT DID YOU DO ? "
tr	PRES	She just likes to give you a hard time .
tr	PRES	My safety belt snaps , whipping against my leg .
tr	PRES	' As for your engagement to my grandfather ... ' he went on in a wry tone , rubbing his cheek over her hair . '
tr	PAST	They created new weapons , time and again , dust and powder and gas - " I was drawn , despite myself .
tr	PAST	Taking a breath , Izzy outright lied .
tr	PRES	" Not just those scars .
tr	PAST	I motioned with my head towards AJ .
tr	PRES	" Does it involve Aurora ? "
tr	PAST	He exhaled , casting away the weakening , pushed a button .
tr	PAST	He leaped to his feet , reaching out to grab her by the arms .
tr	PAST	To Gray 's credit , he handled being told " no " very graciously .
tr	PRES	" Your unfaithful former boyfriend ?
tr	PRES	All that you once knew as life is behind you and all eternity lies before you .
tr	PRES	The shock wears off fast , though .
tr	PRES	" It 's a romance , " I warn .
tr	PAST	He froze and then got the biggest smile across his face .
tr	PAST	Lance stated as he put is hand on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Her warm sigh caressed his neck .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head to the side .
tr	PAST	He inched forward again .
tr	PAST	" I 'll have my mechanic look at it as well , " Blythe announced sternly from the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	" It looks like you have this fire building under control , so Derrick and I are going to hunt for food , " Dane announces .
tr	PRES	A series of gagging noises sputter from her as I watch in horror from above .
tr	PAST	Actually chirped , Kit marveled .
tr	PAST	He lied about the Boston trip .
tr	PAST	You proved yourselves to be quite resourceful .
tr	PAST	She extended one slim hand , her tattoo glinting incongruously against the cuff of her blouse .
tr	PRES	But openly - no plotting or intrigue ?
tr	PRES	Well a few years ago they developed a carrot that helps people absorb forty one percent more calcium than when they consume a regular carrot .
tr	PAST	His body glowed like a shining star .
tr	PRES	Will shocks me by asking .
tr	PAST	I seized his arm before he could take another swing at the poor kid .
tr	PAST	Yet Elliot sensed that at any moment they could arrive at some group decision and resume their attack with the same intensity as before .
tr	PAST	Wulf replaced it to his ear .
tr	PAST	His mouth curved against my skin .
tr	PAST	The loading bar crawled across the screen at a frustratingly slow pace .
tr	PRES	It helps you draw in space-time .
tr	PAST	The guy collapsed onto the pavement clutching his stomach as Ax ushered me inside the huge building .
tr	PRES	" Ah , that explains a lot . "
tr	PRES	I punch the numbers in , adjust the dial , and the countdown clock goes from one day to three .
tr	PAST	Sarah scooted over and pat the seat .
tr	PRES	He stands up straight .
tr	PAST	My boots pierced the snow and the sound was deafening .
tr	PAST	Desmond eyed her and couldn 't tell if she was miffed or simply rushed for time .
tr	PRES	Andrew carries me , but appears as stunned as the rest of us .
tr	PRES	She just lies around on the deck most of the time ; drink in one hand and her phone in the other .
tr	PAST	More people piled on , partially cutting off Karen 's view of the massacre , biting and tearing at her friend .
tr	PRES	" Or some crab . "
tr	PAST	Peter propped one knee against the wheel and massaged his hands .
tr	PAST	After a moment , even that slowed and slopped .
tr	PRES	No one likes me . "
tr	PAST	He dove the shuttle straight into the red zone .
tr	PAST	Ooo , Jane stomped over here the next day , and she said , ' Now , Torrance Rideout , that was petty .
tr	PAST	" First , I need to know whether you accept the mission , " Mrs. White countered .
tr	PAST	Morley eyed her with a bit of a frown .
tr	PRES	" The cafe at the De Young Museum . "
tr	PAST	Confusion tipped his head to the side .
tr	PRES	" She trusts you , Zach .
tr	PAST	" That 's only wise , " Morgan concurred .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	When she flipped it , I leaped at Scar , blocking him as my back got stabbed by the blade she threw .
tr	PAST	" Better , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	Her footsteps slowed as her mind and heart softened .
tr	PRES	He slides my legs apart and they fall open for him .
tr	PAST	Garn berated , guiltily thinking that he should have been more considerate .
tr	PAST	Chihuahua attempted to help distract it by nipping at its tail .
tr	PAST	I stiffened my back , broadened my smile , and hustled drinks .
tr	PAST	Black iron spikes fenced the cemetery , studded with masonry columns taller than Max .
tr	PAST	When they reached the courtroom assigned to their hearing , Damen slowed to a stop before the doors .
tr	PRES	" I wish I could read minds , " Corinne teased .
tr	PRES	Norman mumbled something , and he vaguely felt Beth grab him strongly by the arm , lead him back toward the habitat .
tr	PAST	I smashed them against one another until I broke one and made a jagged edge that I could sharpen my pencil with .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side as if listening .
tr	PRES	The warmth of his skin helps calm me somehow , and I finally feel my heart rate begin to slow .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a sticky finger at Matthew .
tr	PAST	The van sped around the corner .
tr	PAST	She dialed her father 's number .
tr	PRES	The sobs rip mercilessly from my chest as I lament over my missed opportunity .
tr	PRES	" Hey " I shout playfully , and for an instant there 's something between us , like some remembered bond , but then it 's gone .
tr	PAST	He groped around and his hands made contact with a smooth , satiny material .
tr	PAST	Her stomach rumbled , and Kali remembered that she had yet to have dinner .
tr	PAST	The Old Wizard uttered something and a bright light filled the room to the extent of almost blinding her vision .
tr	PAST	He bent his head to kiss the satin skin of her thigh , teeth grazing her with exquisite care .
tr	PRES	A faint voice mutters over my radio , and I look up to the sky .
tr	PAST	Patrick motioned to his empty glass at the waitress that looked like she 'd been the inspiration for the Bavarian barmaid depiction .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 Scott awoke to what sounded like a distant rifle shot .
tr	PAST	She spouted the excuses she 'd been feeding herself for the last month , even before Ryan had complicated her life .
tr	PAST	No Alchemists assaulted us during this errand , which I took as a good sign .
tr	PRES	I kinda have it in my head that we are going to solve Amy 's murder ourselves . "
tr	PRES	Instead , I lean against him again .
tr	PRES	Eden disappears onto the subway .
tr	PAST	As quickly as her numb fingers could move , she strapped the helmet on , latching it below her chin .
tr	PAST	he kindly extended the offer .
tr	PRES	Gage wraps a blanket around my shoulders as we as head over to an embankment .
tr	PRES	The woman fel to the ground .
tr	PRES	The disease remains common among us , so we keep a supply on hand . "
tr	PRES	Dal clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Balancing on one foot , Mille stuffed one arm inside a sleeve , switched the cane into his coated arm , then finished donning the garment .
tr	PAST	He stares into my eyes for a second , waiting for my answer .
tr	PRES	He rises , placing his arms around me .
tr	PAST	" I 'm fine , " she lied , feeling the blush on her cheeks .
tr	PRES	The booze just helps me ... release . "
tr	PAST	A tiny voice in her mind urged her to use caution , told her to slow down .
tr	PAST	14 Dust motes swirled in the late-afternoon sunlight pouring through the window .
tr	PAST	He proceeded to name them all and their relationship with the life forms on the different worlds .
tr	PRES	I mutter into the quiet .
tr	PRES	Just a very territorial hermit who would like to be left alone . "
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the hem of her sweater .
tr	PAST	Silent screams vibrated between them .
tr	PAST	You stole my can . "
tr	PRES	" Ha ha ha ha ! "
tr	PAST	" But - " " No , Violet , " he stated decisively .
tr	PRES	Dr. Bradshaw stands up .
tr	PRES	She likes to be outdoors , running , swimming , climbing trees . "
tr	PRES	" Someone 's looking for you , " he murmurs , letting his hand slip from mine .
tr	PAST	They regarded each other across the room , two fiercely indomitable wills clashing in silence .
tr	PAST	I slowed my arms and legs , controlling each movement as I headed for shore .
tr	PAST	For an instant , dark eyes flicked to him in acknowledgement .
tr	PRES	We file in behind him .
tr	PRES	Orders Greg through the walkie .
tr	PRES	The breath freezes in my throat as I remember the grotesque popping sound as the plane had burned .
tr	PRES	These meetings , held systematically , strengthen the coordination , and above all give results .
tr	PRES	This explains the cycles . "
tr	PRES	I screwed a lot of faceless women . "
tr	PRES	" I think you have a one up on me when it comes to that , " Mandi teased .
tr	PRES	" A vision to another world lies in plain sight , wonder and amazement to behold .
tr	PAST	I cleaned his face and arms , working my way to his hands , which looked like they actually hurt .
tr	PAST	Are you barefoot ? "
tr	PAST	As I got out of my car at the strip mall that housed Great Day , a cluster of people emerged from the Crafts Consortium next door .
tr	PRES	How she sneaks into my heart so easily ?
tr	PRES	A gift so precious that he bestowed it upon the creatures he created , sharing it with the world .
tr	PAST	Gareth gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	It tickled my skin .
tr	PRES	Thought about saying , please wash them this morning mum !
tr	PRES	My injured knee buckles from aching pain .
tr	PAST	Down between his feet yawned such endless nothing that it gave him shivers .
tr	PRES	A playful twinkle in his cobalt blue eyes almost mocking her .
tr	PAST	And each time she saw him , her heart sped up .
tr	PRES	Filipe brings up the rear .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around me and pulls me in tight .
tr	PRES	" Did you succeed or is Our Lady gone ? "
tr	PRES	" Making the big bucks today , eh Ms. Crowley ? "
tr	PRES	" Your police detective . "
tr	PAST	Through the knowledge he had gained of the workings of the Dream Isle he created this tower , albeit without the outer wall you see behind me .
tr	PAST	She crawled up his body instead , until she settled herself , straddling his groin .
tr	PRES	I represent this world as much as he does .
tr	PRES	He releases me a few seconds later , rubs my back , then takes a seat on the couch .
tr	PRES	Her short black hair frames her rather pale face .
tr	PRES	' Taro -- ' he finally began .
tr	PRES	Once there , he uses the same key to open a back panel .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Katherine .
tr	PAST	Hands slap my arms , commending me on my choice , and I move to the rear of the group , blood wrapping around my fingers .
tr	PRES	Her hair falls before her face like a shield .
tr	PAST	Fine fabrics replaced the sturdy uniform he normally wore , which consisted of black pants , boots and gray shirt .
tr	PAST	my mother exclaimed pointing .
tr	PRES	Steam fills the room , and the panes surrounding the large shower in the corner are condensed with heat , tiny water droplets running down .
tr	PAST	I attempted to shake off the visceral reaction that had my body itching to take what I instinctively knew would be mine .
tr	PAST	Mathias squinted at the big man across the dark cell .
tr	PAST	He crawled for a while , until he reached the light source : a hole in the vent floor .
tr	PRES	he begins with a suggestive arched brow .
tr	PRES	" Prewitt dearly loves his soul mate . "
tr	PRES	With a shrug Sarah said , " In case you haven 't noticed , she hates me . "
tr	PRES	Not when the one he has tries to murder him .
tr	PAST	Maureen tugged on his arm and said , " Don 't blame the Ref he 's doing his best " .
tr	PAST	Pete scampered down the tower to obey , operating the winch before the giant could make good on his threat .
tr	PRES	Throughout these years as the child develops , the child learns how to make sense of things , to learn , to apply meaning .
tr	PAST	' Across that field ... ' Meatball screwed up his eyes , as though he was thinking intently .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her lips again , not quite so gently .
tr	PAST	" I 'm late , " Betsy shrieked , stomping over to her .
tr	PRES	The gravel beneath my tires cracks , and I hate the thought of rocks kicking up and hitting the paint .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER EIGHT EMILY clasped her cheeks , willing the heat in them to recede .
tr	PAST	They regarded each other warily , which seemed strange to me .
tr	PAST	He charged with his sword , raising it over his head and swinging it downward as he ran forward .
tr	PRES	She snaps up quickly , her head whirling around toward me , and I smile at the look of shock in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Evy exhaled slowly and squeezed the sprayer , blasting frosting and crumbs from the yellow trays with steaming hot water .
tr	PAST	His boots slapped the concrete .
tr	PRES	" The faster the bet - " She stopped talking when she felt the heat of his fingers grazing her bare skin .
tr	PRES	The alligator slows down but keeps moving towards them .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me and smiles .
tr	PRES	It taunts you with your wasted and useless life .
tr	PAST	A slow smile curved her mouth , lit her face and dispelled the worry hidden in her eyes .
tr	PRES	" You brood of vipers ! "
tr	PRES	Bonnie fel silent , biting her lip , and Meredith shivered again , this time for reasons that had nothing to do with the cold .
tr	PAST	She propped herself up on her elbows .
tr	PRES	" My god ! "
tr	PAST	He rotated his body over her , moving her thighs apart with his knee .
tr	PAST	As much as it freaked her out , she was hooked on the mystery this story provided .
tr	PAST	Grinning , she exited the van 's passenger door and entered the cold Dallas night .
tr	PAST	The tiny boat floated down the river into the deep darkness of the wood until finally , it slipped quietly into the still pond of the Prince .
tr	PRES	With another slight tug , it slides down a few inches .
tr	PRES	" Sweet setup . "
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed solid white .
tr	PAST	She yawned and hit Send .
tr	PAST	The revolver never wavered .
tr	PRES	He turned to look at her , his hands resting at his sides .
tr	PAST	He seized my earlobe between his teeth .
tr	PRES	With no teeth to match to dental records , no fingerprints ... " Probably he was shrugging .
tr	PRES	Yes , that guy up there all sweaty and gorgeous who just fought the crap out of the other guy ?
tr	PRES	Almost instantaneously , she falls back to sleep or into unconsciousness again .
tr	PRES	My father 's voice fills my mind .
tr	PRES	Leaning over the back of his chair , she lays a long kiss on his lips .
tr	PRES	It changes the way you see the world ... . "
tr	PRES	He freezes as I catch him off guard .
tr	PRES	" Don 't Google his name , Natalie .
tr	PAST	For some reason he dreamed of his mother 's face , which he had only seen in pictures .
tr	PAST	Singer pricked his ears up .
tr	PAST	He doubted that anything about the trip would be good .
tr	PRES	" Learning language , understanding other people 's intentions based on their behavior , um ... " He frowns .
tr	PAST	Amanda froze as she caught sight of the wolf with her and frowned .
tr	PRES	" Evening Marissa . "
tr	PAST	I clutched the gun in my good hand .
tr	PAST	Like Barrett was the one person in the room he trusted with Melody 's safety .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , tugging hard at the chain and then we both heard hoof beats .
tr	PRES	The rage I 've been managing for the past couple years pushes against my chest .
tr	PRES	Don 't , " I plead .
tr	PRES	" Then I 'll kill him first , " spat Romulus .
tr	PRES	" Actually , my dear , our computer very rarely plays up as it is one of the best in existence .
tr	PRES	" Are you using the same psych tests we are to vet out the travelers ? "
tr	PRES	Tears prick my eyes , but they won 't fall .
tr	PRES	I ' d like you to meet Alexander .
tr	PRES	" A hermit ? "
tr	PRES	" And that protects him from the consequences of his actions ? "
tr	PAST	The sisters proceeded to give two altogether different answers at precisely the same time .
tr	PAST	Holding them up , the marbles twinkling in front of his eyes .
tr	PAST	She inched off the mattress as the two men sprang apart , circling each other , panting .
tr	PAST	I sneezed and dad turned to me .
tr	PRES	You crave me too much . "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FORTY Mike not only marveled at how stunning Kelly looked but also marveled at his new perspective .
tr	PAST	" Let 's find out , " Bane 's gruff voice boomed in the back of the room .
tr	PAST	She pretended to be sad .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at Kenny 's lips despite his current dilemma .
tr	PAST	Even he was stunned by the sight of split curved staircases that met at an upper landing .
tr	PAST	The reassuring weight of her longsword on her left hip tugged gently at her ; she took in a deep breath .
tr	PRES	He shook me violently , my head rattling .
tr	PAST	The lips curved again .
tr	PAST	The pain washed over and through him .
tr	PAST	He massaged away a headache gathering in his forehead .
tr	PAST	He swooped in , angling his head , hesitantly rolling his tongue against hers .
tr	PRES	It dawns on me that this is what happened and I can 't look at him .
tr	PAST	One evening as the summer waned toward a conclusion so exploded the days of my new found joy .
tr	PAST	I swiped the screen .
tr	PRES	Lie stock still , spread eagle on the floor of his fort , hoping he looked like green grass .
tr	PRES	And it hugs his chest and makes his eyes look slightly gray and is striking against his blonde hair .
tr	PAST	Joshua scoffed , suddenly irritated .
tr	PAST	Although , some collective nouns are well established .
tr	PRES	But , remember this , notify me prior to taking any action . "
tr	PRES	" Well , why don 't you just borrow one of mine ? "
tr	PRES	She lets out a scream of pain as the blackness travels up her arms .
tr	PRES	" What about Crystal ?
tr	PAST	However , the hard thrusting violated her ; she could feel the tearing of her hymen .
tr	PAST	Her chin flattened at his abrupt interruption .
tr	PAST	Buttercup wagged her tail and looked up , anticipating Stan 's attention .
tr	PRES	" Now , on to your chart .
tr	PRES	As we pass Mason I wave and mouth bye .
tr	PRES	He looked agreeable and a little smug as he nodded , his dark cloak curling around him in the breeze .
tr	PRES	and wraps his arms around me .
tr	PAST	Jill , the reason we were all here , scooted in beside me and flashed me a grin .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled into the crook of her neck , hating the inches of separation between us .
tr	PAST	She exhaled long and slow into the heavenly silence and rested her head on the back of the seat .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something she took as assent .
tr	PRES	Could you spare him ? '
tr	PAST	Brushing it off , I exhaled slowly and stared straight ahead , again .
tr	PRES	She glances down at my hand and then her gaze glides up me .
tr	PAST	Ava skipped beside me , almost wrenching my arm out of its socket .
tr	PRES	The seamstress measures Mother first , clicking her tongue and remarking that Mother has lost weight .
tr	PRES	He likes to buy rounds for the whole bar ?
tr	PRES	Chapter Nineteen The tattoos on our hands flared to life , not as real roses , but as glowing , pulsing works of art .
tr	PRES	" She hates Cooper , that 's why we were late . "
tr	PAST	Cathy unfolded a legal looking document .
tr	PRES	Advances in high-speed fiber-optic connections permit surgery on a patient using robotic instruments controlled by surgeons at another location .
tr	PRES	I can 't take the sexual tension anymore , " Hagan teased .
tr	PAST	The Countess bore a number of smaller , lighter marks , souvenirs of the battle with the former High Lady of Aquitaine .
tr	PAST	Instead of panties and a bra , I opted for my bikini to wear beneath my clothes .
tr	PRES	A rubber band snaps and shoots into the windshield .
tr	PAST	' I lied ' , I said , and suddenly the room was full of deaf people .
tr	PRES	Maybe Seth just lets his father be the bad guy and he sits back and gets the girls because they feel sorry for him .
tr	PAST	The gentle heat from the sun combined with the multitude of planters created a slight humidity .
tr	PAST	His uniform soaked with fresh , melted horror .
tr	PAST	Tipping her head to the side , Meredith looked at him , puzzled .
tr	PAST	" Sir , you reported a break-in . "
tr	PRES	Thoroughly overwhelmed , the boy passes out in a bed of shadows .
tr	PRES	Jase stretches out on his back on the towel next to me and George .
tr	PAST	I finished , feeling defeated .
tr	PAST	" I recorded it and just uploaded to Youtube . "
tr	PAST	Carmine absorbed that information , trying to keep his expression blank although he was panicking inside .
tr	PRES	Jack glares at me for a moment before he , too , stands and goes into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	There is however also a view that says , rights exist only in collectivity as individuals cannot have rights in isolation .
tr	PAST	He twirled a strand of my hair on his finger and leaned in to kiss my nose .
tr	PRES	Rachel immediately slides over , places her head on my chest and wraps herself around me .
tr	PAST	A crescent shaped region was blinking , labeled Mariana Trench .
tr	PAST	On the good days , he fantasized about building Prophet World , the first theme park for Christians .
tr	PRES	Aria frowns at her husband and releases a sigh .
tr	PRES	One coconut shrimp at a time .
tr	PRES	The door opens and in comes Simon , who immediately goes into his dragon form as well .
tr	PAST	She stifled a cry .
tr	PAST	For the first time in my life , my mother shattered .
tr	PAST	It vibrated in her trembling hands .
tr	PRES	But mainly for not tel ing you about the Reaper in the first place .
tr	PRES	" There 's a car waiting for us outside , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	It stares up at us grumpily .
tr	PRES	Lennox stands next to the marbled fire , crossing his arms over his chest .
tr	PRES	A rate that sees the world 's teeming masses increase by over a quarter million souls a day .
tr	PAST	Curling her fingers into the fabric , she tugged upward .
tr	PAST	" But you kissed him back , " he accused .
tr	PAST	I motioned to our seats and we gratefully sat down .
tr	PAST	As he did so , he pondered the realization that almost everyone he knew was now dead .
tr	PRES	" Those aren 't Egyptians , you idiot ! "
tr	PRES	" What kind of experiments ? "
tr	PAST	Instead , she experienced a certain measure of relief .
tr	PRES	He hates me . "
tr	PAST	Time again sped up .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my scarf to keep the draft out of my coat and began the long walk to my car .
tr	PAST	The ripples of energy vibrated all the way to my bones the second Jared 's mouth overtook mine .
tr	PAST	He hooked his elbow on the back of the bench so he could face her .
tr	PRES	" Sophie loves dogs .
tr	PAST	Gripping the drawstring to his sleep pants , I untied them and pushed them over his hips .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me .
tr	PAST	" There aren 't any nerds out here , " Braeden countered .
tr	PRES	Natasha loves writing different genres including : sci-fi , fantasy , middle grade , romance , and paranormal .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and pasted a smile on my face as he pulled me up .
tr	PAST	And she stripped them of that .
tr	PRES	No more hot lingering gazes up close where she could see the flecks of gold in his eyes .
tr	PAST	He cringed a little .
tr	PAST	She crawled over to her closet and started pulling things out .
tr	PAST	Such colors revealed that Era was inundated with passion and envy ; and on church grounds no less .
tr	PAST	' Tell Fletcher he can go trekking into the Jamieson Valley , ' Jennifer advised Tammy .
tr	PRES	* * * Star entered the darkened cottage with a deliberately noisy step , tossing off her cloak with a shrug of her shoulders .
tr	PRES	But because we 're both as stubborn as two mules on a hot day , not because you 're royalty and I 'm not . "
tr	PRES	The painting belongs to his father and not King Bloodstone .
tr	PAST	When he said the word , I exploded , a firework erupting in the sky .
tr	PRES	* I nd u 2 dial th @ no .
tr	PAST	I stubbornly clutched him tighter .
tr	PRES	Logan opens his mouth then shuts it as Brielle dives in on top , blanketing me with a hug .
tr	PRES	When she sees us approaching , Wayne 's girlfriend Sydney climbs up a ladder next to the stage .
tr	PRES	She inquired , " And Auntie ?
tr	PAST	She regarded sixty-one as the perfect number .
tr	PAST	He vibrated , or maybe the spirit did .
tr	PRES	On one memorable day I recall us encountering an elderly couple sitting in the park .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my sunglasses and smiled .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " I blurt out .
tr	PAST	I exhaled deeply and then I began to walk .
tr	PRES	I assume you 're here to pick up your permits ?
tr	PAST	With a fist clamped to his lips , Trent fled into the sheltering darkness of the tunnel .
tr	PRES	" And Finlay ? "
tr	PRES	I mi s s i t al l .
tr	PAST	She had fond memories of the batch plant job , and even fonder memories of the revenue it produced .
tr	PRES	" My kind of jackass . "
tr	PAST	" And I advertised for riders to share , but no one was interested . "
tr	PAST	The squat face split into a sugary smile .
tr	PAST	Matthew leaped out from behind the chair .
tr	PAST	I giggled some more .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	I begged my father to turn me so that I would be strong enough to fulfill my vow . "
tr	PAST	Lucy crouched down in front of me .
tr	PRES	" So ... are you going to start packing ? "
tr	PAST	Tessa padded toward them silently and stood by Jocelyn .
tr	PAST	Henry 's laugh boomed out .
tr	PAST	The two men regarded each other for a moment , then Rafe started to turn away from the sofa .
tr	PRES	Her nervousness begins to waiver .
tr	PAST	Then , with another distressed sound , she swooped down , tried to pull him up .
tr	PAST	Logan nuzzled her cheek .
tr	PAST	Harper feared that alerting the authorities at large would invariably turn into a brute-force manhunt that Felice would easily spot .
tr	PRES	You cheat at dice , you counterfeit money , and you 're unscrupulous with married women .
tr	PAST	It exploded outward , forcing the circle to expand with him until it shattered under the strain .
tr	PRES	" My apologies for jumping to conclusions .
tr	PAST	He created this universe and appointed people to run the two hundred and fifty kingdoms .
tr	PAST	Mild embarrassment tugged one side of my mouth into a smile .
tr	PRES	The whole thing strikes me as odd .
tr	PRES	" Ah , that explains why you were acting strange .
tr	PAST	Lindsey sobbed , releasing my hand and moving into Luc 's embrace .
tr	PAST	Each is equipped with at least 4 different kinds of guns , some slung around their necks , some strapped to their belts .
tr	PRES	Raising my arms , I fan and search for her .
tr	PAST	They revealed nothing ; they simply threw light back at anyone who looked into them .
tr	PAST	Water soaked the collar and front of his white shirt , turning it transparent .
tr	PRES	" Remember your training , Bryn , " Patrick ordered , the lightness no longer in his voice .
tr	PRES	After several minutes of making up for all the kisses we missed out on for the last week , the cold temperature begins to affect us .
tr	PRES	Normally plays with Benson and Charlie Wheeler . "
tr	PRES	I need you , " she begged .
tr	PRES	The hunger that I feel from the honey returns to me .
tr	PRES	Time slows as it always does when I 'm moving this fast .
tr	PAST	I scrolled through my Friends List until it hit Scarlet , then I pressed the Send button .
tr	PRES	I ´ ve never even heard of these people .
tr	PRES	Luke and I disagree like this quite often .
tr	PAST	I trusted him completely and he wasn 't worth that trust .
tr	PRES	" Declan tends to be more about function than ornamentation . "
tr	PAST	Reaching the palace 's great doorway , he saluted the guards who stood watch .
tr	PAST	" Let 's go , " she urged , swerving round to head for a farther door , and Linda followed her .
tr	PAST	When the same girl that asked the first question became a repeat offender with another one , Azriel impatiently piped up with the answer .
tr	PAST	Simon reclaimed her , slipping his arm around her waist and leading her to his car as Maddie crossed the parking lot to her own vehicle .
tr	PRES	Stealing up noiselessly within ten yards , the Bushman throws his club with great force , and rarely misses his aim .
tr	PAST	Her body writhed beneath him , jolted by each exultant thrust .
tr	PRES	When a mage dies -- a true mage -- he or she returns here in spirit .
tr	PAST	Lisa 's expression sobered and turned back to the girl .
tr	PAST	He twirled , his American Bowie knife appearing in his fingers .
tr	PRES	But unlike him , she mattered .
tr	PAST	Her father clasped his hands together and raised them to his forehead .
tr	PRES	" She lets even the lowest in here sometimes to get them heard directly .
tr	PAST	" Don 't worry , " Marianna reassured her .
tr	PAST	" Carl , come over here and set a while , " she urged her brother , placing a chair for him .
tr	PAST	Rushing to the window , she flung it open and stared down at the grass two stories down .
tr	PRES	" Oh my word , I 'm in a book , " she mumbled , both awed and angered as she recalled why .
tr	PAST	The smooth voice emerged from the darkness , sending chills to Echo 's core .
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat as he felt for the bottle .
tr	PRES	After they said they couldn 't help me , I sort of tuned out . "
tr	PAST	She gazed up at him , her face saddened .
tr	PAST	Lukas sped to my side and ripped the thick cords away with his fingers , freeing my hands and legs .
tr	PAST	The gnome upended her foot , holding it out for us , and the inside was hollow .
tr	PAST	He inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly .
tr	PRES	I lean over the control panel , trying to see as much of the planet as I can .
tr	PAST	Hiding the growing sense of panic , I fix my gaze on Robin 's mother .
tr	PAST	Emma eyed Madeline , glad she had given her a plausible out .
tr	PRES	My heart pinches in my chest because it wants to stop beating right here on the spot .
tr	PAST	I tugged on my hands and tried to slide sideways , but he threw out a leg to forestall that movement .
tr	PRES	Should I invite him to come outside and watch me show off ? '
tr	PRES	Raising me higher , she slams my body toward the ground .
tr	PRES	" You stubborn little minx . "
tr	PAST	" Come on , G-Man , " Deuce grunted as he shook his brother harder .
tr	PAST	Their gazes flicked to me and then widened back onto the First .
tr	PRES	Orcs bound them . '
tr	PAST	Rodney preferred Budweiser , but he sipped along with the rest .
tr	PRES	A short stubby man dressed in black , slides sideways through the door .
tr	PRES	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	PAST	Somehow , he sensed it and blanched .
tr	PAST	He cocked one ear and opened one eye to watch as I walked slowly around the room .
tr	PRES	A slow smile snuck its way across his face while his eyes brightened with boyish mischief .
tr	PAST	Will clutched onto his calf from where he lay bloodied on the floor , pulling Sulley back and keeping him from escaping .
tr	PAST	He stares at his fist , at the shapes he makes by pressing his knuckles into the soft , spongy material .
tr	PAST	I thanked God I had the sense to lay out my pajamas before I 'd showered .
tr	PAST	I twitch at every unidentified noise , tensing until I realize it is just the wind , or the squeak of Tobias 's shoes on the rail .
tr	PRES	I assume he believed I had been babied too long and it was time for me to sink or swim .
tr	PAST	They visited every night after that , keeping Mac company for at least a little while , playing cards , watching videos , but mostly singing .
tr	PRES	The dog returns to its master 's legs , looking around happily .
tr	PRES	" When a person is bitten their chemistry changes .
tr	PRES	" Do you think it 's going to be so easy , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	Peeta 's physical transformation shocks me .
tr	PRES	The corner of his mouth twitches as he tries not to smile .
tr	PAST	A loud thump jolted her out of her haze .
tr	PRES	Blake opens the door and I enter and sit down huddled inside his jacket .
tr	PAST	In front of Ryan 's complex on this side of the river a long boat dock floated parallel to the tiny green space .
tr	PAST	Alma , Kane , and Leon circled the fire .
tr	PAST	one hundred ten days before KEEPING UP WITH MY CLASSES proved easier than I 'd expected .
tr	PRES	" Why do keep defending her , Bang ?
tr	PAST	She described Shaun as a man , a real man and nothing less than a man .
tr	PRES	" What kind of borders ? "
tr	PRES	" You peel the potatoes and I will marinate the steaks .
tr	PRES	She clears her throat .
tr	PRES	He brings me a hot cocoa from the concession stand because it 's so chilly .
tr	PRES	None of that old , ugly junk one sees in castles in those old movies .
tr	PAST	My breaths are still pushing out fast and hard , my hands still fisted .
tr	PRES	Sleepers awakened , and thought that what they had heard must be the confused chimera of a dream .
tr	PRES	Without much choice in the matter , the boy begins downward .
tr	PAST	He tipped back his wineglass .
tr	PRES	" I think they 'll get house number two , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Cassie just prayed nobody found out where the ill feeling ought to be directed .
tr	PRES	Someone from Lane 's crew hears about a Brit with bad teeth ?
tr	PRES	Then he reaches into the pocket of his lab coat and pulls out a pale green packet .
tr	PRES	He winks and smiles .
tr	PAST	One of the servants braved . " '
tr	PAST	Drawing a pistol , Pike hopped once then threw himself into the cave , rolling twice before coming to his feet near the back , gun level .
tr	PRES	I text Violet to check on her and when she doesn 't respond I call her .
tr	PRES	" A witness ? "
tr	PRES	Then he whispers in a low , sexy voice that makes me heady for a moment , " It 's Davis .
tr	PAST	She clutched at the collar of her shirt and didn 't make any attempt to take the pictures .
tr	PAST	The damp warmth of cobblestones caressed my feet , soft rain striking my face and rolling in little rivulets down my nose .
tr	PAST	Paige hooted with laughter .
tr	PAST	He cracks his knuckles and grins at me .
tr	PRES	She brings her hand up to her mouth as she huffs .
tr	PRES	" Nobody likes a bully . "
tr	PAST	One side of my lips tipped up .
tr	PAST	" If I get the part , " Jackson countered with a small smile .
tr	PRES	" And what about Laura ? "
tr	PRES	Her mouth falls open with awe as she buckles herself in .
tr	PAST	In the morning , Jase replayed the scene for Luis while they were having coffee .
tr	PRES	She buzzes us through the double doors .
tr	PAST	At the mention of April 's name , Francesca 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	A black shape swooped again , and Victoria watched for its eyes , measured , and struck again with her sword , aiming for the neck area .
tr	PAST	The child looked at him puzzled and said , " I don 't think so .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	You preferred to speak instead of write . "
tr	PRES	I snap , but it 's too late .
tr	PRES	" Just the sweatshirt ? "
tr	PRES	And clipped up here at the top , a couple of distress rockets . "
tr	PAST	He motioned them over .
tr	PAST	" You 're trying things on , " Spencer urged .
tr	PRES	" This feline and I share a spirit bond .
tr	PRES	The leader bangs on the door .
tr	PRES	His mouth opens , sweeping his tongue over the seam of my lips , and I immediately open to him , eager to taste and twine together .
tr	PAST	Ivana , narrowing her eyes , concurred , " It is better that you confessed it before you had rent off my skin . "
tr	PAST	Rose dispatched one of the other guardians as though she were a general on the battlefield .
tr	PRES	" Are there any plays that might intrigue a fifteen-year-old girl ? "
tr	PRES	But he reaches into his pocket and pulls out his wallet .
tr	PRES	Fae really stink . "
tr	PAST	He downed his and took his friends theirs , knowing they hated the foul flavor of lies as much as he did .
tr	PAST	She unfolded it but I didn 't need to look at it to know that it was the adoption paper in all its glory .
tr	PAST	she inquired when he broke off .
tr	PAST	A shooting pain exploded through her lower back , and she winced .
tr	PAST	Kevin washed his hands way more thoroughly .
tr	PRES	Everyone likes to think that when they find that special someone , that person should accept them and their flaws , vices , and short-comings .
tr	PRES	What if he tries to keep us here ? "
tr	PRES	She belongs here with me and her people .
tr	PAST	Wert produced his own length of det cord and repeated Wang 's handiwork of a moment earlier .
tr	PAST	Amira sensed that something loomed in the darkness here .
tr	PRES	With the message delivered , he stands up and gives me one last kick before I black out .
tr	PAST	" Yes , yes , Mark , lizard .
tr	PAST	He froze , eyes wide and hands still on her hips .
tr	PRES	" Your accent ... It isn 't fake is it ? "
tr	PAST	She lingered outside the curtain , her back to the family reunion , but close enough that if they needed her , she would hear .
tr	PAST	Elena 's blue eyes glowed with sorrow and anger .
tr	PAST	Pearls adorned the style , matching the beading in her gown .
tr	PRES	Actually , the ride allows us to decorate the chapel for the weddings , tonight .
tr	PAST	He soaked up the teaching with the eagerness of the young , as if he had been starved of life 's entire colour in his monochrome home .
tr	PAST	I pretended as if I didn 't see anything .
tr	PRES	Or are these trick mirrors ? "
tr	PAST	Her eyes glazed over .
tr	PAST	" I 'm just saying that I think you should give her a call , " she persisted .
tr	PAST	I sensed no obvious traps from this distance , but for all I knew the entire structure would crumble down around us when he removed it .
tr	PAST	When she tried to find out what they were thinking about , they politely and transparently denied any hidden thoughts .
tr	PAST	He stomped off , muttering .
tr	PRES	" Chase Denton ? "
tr	PAST	" That freed me .
tr	PRES	I lean in closer to examine his eyes a little better .
tr	PAST	Emerson came to stand beside Willow forcing attention to turn on him , rather than the gawking , incredulous stares she was receiving .
tr	PAST	We dove and swam , and called out , but there was never the slightest trace of her .
tr	PAST	First officer circled behind the suspects , pulling their hands behind their back and snapping on the handcuffs .
tr	PAST	It wriggled now , free from its cage , and I remembered everything .
tr	PRES	She dreaded thinking about it .
tr	PAST	A moment later , emergency sprinklers engaged .
tr	PRES	My vision starts to fade , my heart stops .
tr	PAST	After he landed on the deck , the rope unraveled from the mast .
tr	PAST	She selected a pair of flats and the heavy winter coat from the bottom of the box , adding them to his pile .
tr	PRES	JJ strokes his chin and pretends to take a long time choosing an answer .
tr	PRES	" It bears no resemblance to me any more than Mary Shelley 's story is an accounting of you . "
tr	PAST	Her assessment no longer hinged on the fact that she saw Chan .
tr	PRES	' We have to get home , ' Blake mutters .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	The room buzzed as Caleb took his seat at the antique artisan crafted round table the Council used for their meetings .
tr	PAST	Over the centuries stone replaced the first wooden palisades and the military centre became a family home .
tr	PRES	he murmurs , sensing the shock that 's swept over me .
tr	PAST	Then I propped myself up on my elbows , because Lena was really there , and I didn 't want to miss a second of it .
tr	PRES	Back behind the wheel he mentally calculated the maximum safe speed and distances involved .
tr	PRES	" Can we swing a wedding before I leave ? "
tr	PRES	" Wow , " he breathes , turning to admire the view from all directions .
tr	PRES	" The hunger . "
tr	PRES	" Did you scare her ? "
tr	PRES	Bye bye and see ya later . "
tr	PRES	Hearing those words come from my own mouth terrifies me .
tr	PRES	She shrinks back and turns away from me .
tr	PAST	Leon ( ignoring Kane ) : You know , Kane , my father would have scoffed at Moishe .
tr	PAST	Dean balanced his bag on top and rang a tarnished bell beside the cash register .
tr	PRES	Time falls away as I lose more and more of my inhibitions with the help of the alcohol .
tr	PAST	And they learnt much faster than Vann . '
tr	PAST	My guards seized the officials while I fetched a mallet and several long spikes .
tr	PRES	He mutters , " Crap , " when he sees that the tiger 's paw prints turn and head into the thick brush .
tr	PAST	Haven eyed him peculiarly .
tr	PAST	I tip my chin at him to let him know I 'm good , and he tilts his head in acceptance .
tr	PAST	Her mother looked up , a little puzzled .
tr	PRES	And I forgave you a long time ago . "
tr	PRES	Elder frowns at the video .
tr	PRES	" Knowing our luck probably smack bang in the centre . "
tr	PRES	" Your ad ... " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Curios sighs looking at the monsters .
tr	PAST	" I stand before you as your savior , your God on Earth , " he stated scanning the mass before him .
tr	PRES	I warn him silently through my look .
tr	PRES	No witch , you cannot hide your evil from him and as his messenger I gladly fulfill his covenant , " the stranger states proudly .
tr	PAST	Reason tipped his pipe towards the pair before continuing quickly .
tr	PRES	" Not yet , sweetie .
tr	PAST	She yawned and then covered her mouth and laughed .
tr	PAST	Hair his hands just itched to bury themselves in , but tightened on the sheets instead .
tr	PRES	" Here chick , chick .
tr	PRES	" Whoa , " I hear Shep say , sounding nervous .
tr	PAST	" I don 't have time for trickery , " Eli stated .
tr	PAST	" I am sure he is very busy , either with the electric company or busy trying to save us all from ourselves , " joked Meyer .
tr	PAST	Jared slapped my shoulder and his eyes were burning into mine .
tr	PRES	Their people still exist , but have nothing to show of their great former empire .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	Mac crouched by her side .
tr	PAST	I much preferred to tell him the truth in some other way and at some other time , but the choice had been taken away from me .
tr	PRES	No one misses him ; he 's been doing it since the start of the year , so everyone assumes he 's in a different class .
tr	PRES	He hooks his finger under my chin and forces me to look at him .
tr	PRES	She hates the wraiths .
tr	PRES	Warmest wishes , David The following morning , Dr. Keller was talking to Toni while Ashley was under hypnosis .
tr	PAST	So we charged him with rounding up the Scientist 's forefathers who had reached the critical point of DNA maturation .
tr	PRES	She suddenly dreaded having to tell him .
tr	PRES	" I completed the population analysis I spoke about three days ago , " announces the scientist .
tr	PRES	I mumbled through my swollen lips .
tr	PRES	Next time he tries to knock me up , make sure I do the math first .
tr	PAST	He volunteered to let you face him when you regained your strength . "
tr	PAST	Replying with only a single nod , Zoe proceeded to walk toward town .
tr	PAST	The ground rumbled threateningly .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , I disagree with you .
tr	PRES	he said , his voice husky as he stopped , standing directly in front of her .
tr	PRES	He ' l tel you . "
tr	PRES	Please , " I begged .
tr	PAST	" Ask a simple question , you get a simple answer , " giggling then feeling pain .
tr	PAST	" I have no doubt he will , " Ryan piped in with a laugh .
tr	PAST	I scooted closer and lifted the spoon to his chapped lips with trembling hands .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a bellowing roar vibrated through the wall on our right side , loud enough to send streams of dust trickling down from the ceiling .
tr	PAST	Henry transferred his fond expression from the device to his wife , a rare occurrence .
tr	PRES	The headlight washes over our rubble , throwing long shadows into the ruins .
tr	PAST	I floated , weightless , the length of my black hair spreading out and drifting away .
tr	PRES	" Not to mention , sexy . "
tr	PAST	Hurricane Fran destroyed their home , but like so many others , they didn 't have flood insurance .
tr	PRES	Jael sighs and pushes himself upright .
tr	PAST	He froze the frame and zoomed in on Simon .
tr	PAST	" I won 't hurt her , " Jacob mumbled , looking down .
tr	PRES	She presses a button freeing her from the horizontal safety belts when the engine of the scooter floats sideways .
tr	PAST	Someone toasted my car . "
tr	PAST	Feeling in control he motioned for Pierce to approach him .
tr	PAST	My red haze of a vision deepened as I quickly gulped down the hot sweet blood .
tr	PAST	Allen stated , cryptically , " Where we 're going , I won 't need a recipe . "
tr	PAST	Bradley doubted that they could pull themselves along the outside of the structure since there were no ladders or hand holds .
tr	PRES	" What a nightmare . "
tr	PRES	A report pops into my vision .
tr	PRES	" Don 't contradict me , Samantha , " Mom snaps .
tr	PAST	Lupe shrieked , her voice warbling in terror .
tr	PRES	" XO , my scans are complete , " Warrior announces .
tr	PAST	He plopped down just enough money to cover his meal and a tip .
tr	PAST	Sam thanked the prince of darkness , or whoever was responsible for such doings .
tr	PAST	The basket weave on the belt matched the one on his shoes .
tr	PRES	Silvery light shone through it , overpowering the green glow .
tr	PAST	He regarded the black cloud with pity .
tr	PAST	She perceived an oily sluggishness as the ship became increasingly lifeless and slow to respond .
tr	PAST	I retreated quickly into my studio and shut the door .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , mi ja .
tr	PAST	" Anything more and we 're just asking for jail time , " Laura chimed in .
tr	PRES	" I wasn 't that attached to the old place anyway , " I add with a shrug .
tr	PRES	We connect three or four times a year when I 'm in California . "
tr	PRES	" When I was there I befriended a tribesman from a local village who had traveled far in the desert region .
tr	PRES	He uses my body to produce children he can feed on and , although I have tried , I cannot stop him . "
tr	PAST	Angus 's voice boomed through the lab .
tr	PRES	" Awe , now come on , Babe . "
tr	PRES	" Tris ... " He tries to reach for me , and I push his hand away .
tr	PRES	I slap her ass and she giggles .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply as I tried to laugh at him .
tr	PAST	Another man advanced and swiped a sword across Rhyme 's exposed chest .
tr	PAST	I advanced toward her , the color red drenching everything .
tr	PRES	Sykes releases his grip .
tr	PRES	So when the woman gestured to the stone staircase that spiraled down into the lower level and asked , " Shall we ? "
tr	PAST	The prosecutor stormed away as Corrado addressed his lawyer .
tr	PRES	" Is there a greater source of essence than the Dark Crystal itself ? "
tr	PRES	Du n no why , but they can 't abide a face round here .
tr	PAST	Aster 's face split into a wicked grin .
tr	PRES	" As you command , Your Highness . "
tr	PRES	" Of course , " he murmurs , resting his cheek against the top of my head .
tr	PAST	" On the ridge , " piped in Ricky .
tr	PAST	I sniffed delicately , not wanting to answer his questions right now .
tr	PRES	" What kind of specialist ? "
tr	PRES	" That 's a nice flower , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	A touch on my shoulder draws my gaze , pulling me out of reverie .
tr	PRES	My greeting fades into the quiet , unanswered .
tr	PAST	I quickly jam my finger down my throat , gagging as Dr. Warren tells me to stop and calls to the nurse .
tr	PAST	When it continued to thrash , she exhaled impatiently - then shuffled her foot at it , brushing it over the edge to fall thousands of feet .
tr	PRES	She loves you almost as much as I do . "
tr	PAST	Her cellphone vibrated in her denim shorts pocket .
tr	PRES	It damn near kills me inside .
tr	PAST	" Now , put the necklace at a slight angle against the rope and cut into it , " the voice instructed .
tr	PAST	Dax 's smile bore a still somber note .
tr	PRES	The Greatest Gift 45 .
tr	PAST	She quieted her feet as she flattened her back to the wall and slid farther down the hall .
tr	PAST	" It 's the Legend 's Run werewolf , " the aide announced .
tr	PRES	He gently lays me back against my pillow and I open my eyes , looking up at him , admiring just how incredibly beautiful he really is .
tr	PRES	And that bothers me , too .
tr	PRES	" What kind of items ? "
tr	PAST	Janelle stifled down a snicker .
tr	PRES	I mumbled , loud enough for her to hear .
tr	PAST	" I visited the goblin court many times over my childhood .
tr	PRES	My face , since it was spared from the flames , presents no more than the usual challenges .
tr	PRES	" I assume Marjory hasn 't said anything to you about it . "
tr	PRES	The air buzzes with energy .
tr	PAST	Warm blood soaked my fingers .
tr	PRES	The strings of colored lights above the street shone with a new brightness .
tr	PRES	Her face , her body , everything about her looked delicate , breakable .
tr	PAST	The huge dog leaped and barked and growled .
tr	PRES	We total y pig out on al the food I ordered , and I can already feel my dress getting tighter .
tr	PAST	Baxter jiggled his knee while they waited for her doctor to return with the results of her latest tests .
tr	PAST	Our giants lingered long after their time in the dark and remote places , in the caves by the sea , in the caves of the Highlands .
tr	PAST	Her spine stiffened and her hands fisted .
tr	PRES	" But , Kitty ... " Angus ran a hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	The revenue alone from the attraction generated billions of dollars from not only citizens but tourists from all over the world .
tr	PRES	Olivia stops trying to pull away from me and starts whispering .
tr	PAST	He seized her wrists and folded her arms behind her back , effectively wrapping her in his embrace at the same time .
tr	PRES	Phil explains about the special router password for the bar area and Andy nods , smiling deviously .
tr	PAST	He withdrew to pour a devouring look down on her .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " Ashe mumbled .
tr	PRES	That she forgave me ?
tr	PRES	" David loves you and he knows you love him .
tr	PAST	He marveled at Raj 's drastically altered voice , without a trace of his thick Indian accent .
tr	PRES	" As you wish , Your Highness . "
tr	PRES	My body begins shutting down .
tr	PAST	Gavin proposed last week ! "
tr	PAST	" You 're darn right there , Chuck , " Mick boomed out .
tr	PAST	Dave 's drive split the fairway leaving him a 2nd shot of about 180 yards to the center of the green .
tr	PRES	Eventually the body slows down . "
tr	PAST	Jaxon dismissed the others from her mind as she started down the stairs .
tr	PAST	It curved around the walls of the valley , hardly more than a narrow shelf of rock .
tr	PRES	He stands on the framework , whole body shaking with fear .
tr	PAST	Lisa tugged them both to a stand and led the way back down a maze of halls to a small , private room .
tr	PAST	The dagger , long as it was , pierced the thing 's heart , freezing it in place .
tr	PRES	Then in one fluid motion the boar squeaks weakly falling over onto its side asleep .
tr	PAST	I withdrew and sent her crashing against the far wall .
tr	PRES	Mom reaches out to flick my cheek with a finger .
tr	PAST	As he approached , the captain flicked an eyebrow , and the other two fell silent .
tr	PRES	" I know , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Katie The ' little chat ' with Mom turned into one of our yelling matches , as it always did .
tr	PRES	Hand holding but no kissing ?
tr	PRES	Immediately the car stops .
tr	PRES	When Landon sits next to me , I lean into him .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " he mumbled , but he was too upset to sit down .
tr	PAST	I prayed for a tornado , but knowing my luck , I wasn 't likely going to get any .
tr	PRES	" You 're controlling me , " he said , his voice an accusing rumble .
tr	PAST	Zac grunted at him .
tr	PAST	" No , " Holly stiffened , her bright blue eyes flashing .
tr	PAST	The dial tone jolted Charlie into realizing that the caller had hung up and that he was standing there holding the receiver .
tr	PRES	Determined to look his best , Adel attempts to iron his jeans .
tr	PAST	Her expression froze , eyes wide , mouth dropped .
tr	PAST	The firelight ahead glowed on something squat and immovable , surrounded by surf .
tr	PRES	" If that suits you , Miss Ralston . "
tr	PAST	Debbie speculated that walking further into the woods would reduce the possibility of the unmarked grave 's discovery by hikers and nature lovers .
tr	PAST	Tanner advanced a step , jabbing the air with a finger .
tr	PRES	" You represent the possibility of what I might have , assuming I don 't goof it up . "
tr	PAST	The music quieted slightly , and they heard her call to enter .
tr	PAST	Jackson cringed when he looked in the mirror and saw the bandage on his head .
tr	PAST	She flicked her hair back and kissed me softly .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around my legs , burying my face in my knees .
tr	PAST	She slowly unzipped her boot and straightened her leg , holding out her injured foot toward Paul .
tr	PAST	The phone rustled again , and the line went dead .
tr	PRES	I recall your words clearly : ' What we need is a place to get away , a safe place . ' "
tr	PAST	Smoothing her hand across the polished oak desk , she inhaled deeply and let it out slowly .
tr	PAST	They proposed an exchange .
tr	PRES	" Baseball fan ? "
tr	PRES	Stay out of our trail , we warn you . "
tr	PAST	Cassie shrank beneath it , for having played so easily into Scarlett 's plan .
tr	PRES	" Ms. Lange ? "
tr	PRES	Hell , he blames me for all his troubles . "
tr	PRES	He tries very hard to be laid back and easy going .
tr	PAST	She squinted at her watch but in the uncertain light couldn 't make out the time .
tr	PAST	Fifteen minutes later , her telephone buzzed .
tr	PAST	Something about her triggered the worst in him .
tr	PAST	I flattened my hand , pressing my palm against his warm skin .
tr	PRES	Surprise shone on his face before his arm fel and he suddenly looked wary .
tr	PAST	" They invented the first Vampire and Werewolf stories . "
tr	PAST	His incredulous tone revealed far more than his words did .
tr	PAST	Myra circled the sofa , and with great care eased herself into the chair across from him .
tr	PRES	" Well done , sis .
tr	PRES	Jules reaches for my arm .
tr	PRES	The music stops and Naomi 's voice rises over the speakers .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the seat , Abe 's hand slowly caressing my skin .
tr	PRES	His eyes flare and I know I am lighting a fire under him , but frankly , he is becoming beyond unreasonable .
tr	PRES	My cell phone falls out of my pocket and lands in the dirt , the screen lighting up with an incoming call .
tr	PAST	To think that booze shrank tree giants was something unheard of to me .
tr	PAST	We had harassed a lot of innocent people .
tr	PAST	Ms. Ambrose 's steely expression wavered slightly , as though she didn 't expect Emma to call her bluff .
tr	PRES	His hand gently strokes my cheek .
tr	PAST	They all proceeded to enter the tunnels .
tr	PRES	The students grumble behind me .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Mason .
tr	PRES	" The ash that was fal ing - you and Bonnie would have died if you 'd had to breathe any more of it .
tr	PRES	She blushes , nods to me , mutters a weak thanks , and takes off down the next flight of steps .
tr	PAST	Abby and Frederick negotiated for her at times because some vendors were quite willing to overcharge a young newcomer with no culinary school degree .
tr	PAST	Quinn flicked his gun to the gaping opening at the end of the load ramp .
tr	PAST	Mario piped in unexpectedly .
tr	PRES	Fifteen points right there if you get it to flow just right .
tr	PRES	Timothy holds up a vial , then continues , " Please do not question what this can do .
tr	PRES	" Good luck , my student .
tr	PAST	Within seconds , I received the e-mail .
tr	PAST	One man tightly clutched a cooler with an access code lock on the outside .
tr	PRES	He sees the feathers gathered there , already cut and assembled loosely on the black square .
tr	PRES	For the second time tonight , he loses control and his emotions hit me like a hammer .
tr	PRES	I shuffle toward the door .
tr	PRES	" The , " he reads off the first one , loudly so the whole crowd can hear .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth but no words come .
tr	PAST	Alma awoke before sunrise , nauseous with the child in her womb .
tr	PRES	" Did your , er , source provide you with any clue about where it might be ? "
tr	PAST	I , just , destroyed my cell , a few minutes ago , inside the tree house , feeling confusion .
tr	PAST	" Amy , " Colin exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Rodriguez smiled , his eyes hooded in pleasure .
tr	PRES	The land belongs to Samuel and I shall learn to be content .
tr	PRES	Or at least expanding . "
tr	PRES	Holden wraps an arm around me .
tr	PRES	I warn just as her angry gaze flies to him and he shuts up instantly .
tr	PAST	He itched to stroke her , to explore the dream woman in his bed .
tr	PRES	He glances warily at the sharp edge , then stuffs two fingers into the leather sheath at my wrist and begins poking around .
tr	PAST	" It stated that the police had not yet ' collected the bodies . '
tr	PAST	His body collapsed , and he thumped to the ground .
tr	PRES	" It uses body chemicals to keep it charged . "
tr	PRES	Disapproval ... ratings : ... list ... list ... < Protect : ... > Enjoy .
tr	PRES	And the rotting corpse topics too .
tr	PRES	" Powerful cold night for a stroll , lad . "
tr	PRES	She bucks in my lap , her hips lifting up and then slamming back down as I suck that tight little bud into my mouth .
tr	PRES	I pul away from Ty .
tr	PAST	As he passed , she quickly slapped his butt .
tr	PRES	Water wears it away quite quickly .
tr	PRES	I mimic her , our lips meet and we kiss .
tr	PAST	From time to time he sensed the ground creaking beneath him .
tr	PAST	I poise my knife out in front of me as someone steps in .
tr	PAST	My father scoffed and began to chuckle .
tr	PAST	Elena awoke slowly ; then , remembering where she was , she turned to study the man sleeping soundly beside her .
tr	PRES	" No more than other plays on your last name .
tr	PRES	He lets out a curse , his posture tensing .
tr	PAST	I shuffled my feet , acknowledging that she had likely guessed Benny 's involvement in my previous illegal activities .
tr	PAST	The first strike split the coffee table down the middle , its two sides caving inward .
tr	PAST	The cage bars glowed blue and yellow as Haven and Bastian used their energies to heat the metal .
tr	PAST	He stopped , his finger resting against the text beside the picture of what looked like an angel .
tr	PRES	Me , I freaked out at stupid bugs .
tr	PRES	That way we fixed the damaged areas , but left " you " intact .
tr	PRES	Thank you , Mrs. Garris . "
tr	PRES	I can 't choose between you , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	" My overblown ego ? "
tr	PAST	Kenzie hopped onto my bed , sitting beside the Summer faery like that was a perfectly normal thing to do .
tr	PAST	Minutes later , still wrapped in his arms , Catherine nuzzled her cheek into his .
tr	PAST	Sighing , he reluctantly withdrew from the only woman he 'd most likely ever know .
tr	PAST	Nash cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	" It 's her , " Skyla whispers .
tr	PRES	" Like I said , " she whispers in my ear , her teeth grazing my lobe .
tr	PAST	" I could get into trouble for that , " I told him , my voice pitched low .
tr	PAST	' Drink this , Pol , ' she instructed , holding the cup to my lips .
tr	PAST	She restrained herself from mentioning how many meals he 'd taken at his desk .
tr	PRES	He roars with laughter .
tr	PRES	" You can read it if you want , " Allyson offers .
tr	PRES	" First , the moratorium on the use of fuel remains in effect .
tr	PAST	He flicked through the message and gave a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	The floor beneath her feet vibrated as they sped along the old tracks , metal grinding as the lights inside the cramped car flickered .
tr	PRES	Jake grasps the knob and tries to turn it clockwise .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Diana .
tr	PAST	Eduard cheered when he recognised his friend and ran straight over to give him a huge hug .
tr	PAST	She shrieked before she started pacing the small space that made up Stryker 's office .
tr	PRES	My dad rises to his feet and shadows over me .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the settings on the machine and then stepped away .
tr	PRES	" Simon , your Papa ' loves you and your Mamma more than anything else .
tr	PAST	Lindy crouched and opened the door of the small building .
tr	PRES	The rain brings Gerald , alone .
tr	PRES	And leaving him with a wolf howling within him .
tr	PAST	Ty sniffed the paper .
tr	PAST	Liar , her inner voice taunted .
tr	PRES	" Lotta cars out there , " Gabe whispers behind me .
tr	PAST	Anger swirled through him .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " she lied .
tr	PAST	" I advised Maura that it wasn 't wise to try to keep you apart .
tr	PRES	He tries to pull my arm from behind my back to examine it and I yank away from him .
tr	PRES	A pub of country standards shone with personality .
tr	PRES	" Why sure , they qualify .
tr	PAST	Matthew pinched her for her unalloyed silence about the book .
tr	PRES	Please stop this , I begged myself .
tr	PAST	He toyed with the brandy glass .
tr	PAST	Abraham 's will strengthened as he prepared to fend off another of the creatures .
tr	PAST	I extended my power outward , trying to get a better read on her signature .
tr	PRES	" Bartending only , " I add , crossing my arms over my chest , emphasizing the ' only . '
tr	PRES	Not Jacob purposefully keeping things from me and throwing a wrench in our romantic evening .
tr	PRES	" I know , " he murmurs into my skin .
tr	PAST	As if to punctuate his point , his eyes flicked to the rearview mirror .
tr	PRES	We hates them . '
tr	PAST	We can move ahead now with making this country strong again , " Horst announced .
tr	PAST	All thought of right and wrong , friend or foe , fled her mind as his lips captured hers .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the monitor .
tr	PRES	Santorum clears his throat and offers , " Because government has to pay their bills , we can 't default .
tr	PRES	" Ethan , please keep it down , " I hiss , glancing at the tables around us , embarrassed , but a giggle escapes my lips .
tr	PAST	She regarded this with shock , wondering what was causing the strange effect .
tr	PAST	" Some protector you are .
tr	PRES	" Thornhill , " she whispers back distractedly , sliding over to stand next to Pierce .
tr	PAST	She panicked for another 72 hours while the girls made their decision .
tr	PRES	It stands about four to five feet tall and has attacked someone before .
tr	PRES	I went to yank the straps down , caution and decorum fading as I let my lust take the wheel .
tr	PAST	the female named Dare spat back .
tr	PAST	The revelation jolted her upright .
tr	PRES	Pounding on the doors , issuing threats , begging .
tr	PAST	As they walked outside , he mopped his face and they turned and walked down the street .
tr	PAST	" I forgive you gramps .
tr	PAST	The smell of burning , rotting decay assaulted his nostrils as he did so , the acrid stench overpowering as he stared out into the distance .
tr	PRES	You must give us all a good spanking , " he teased .
tr	PRES	The starlight shone down on her , lighting her delicate skin with a gentle glow .
tr	PRES	She pushes it back out , adding a new layer of composition for more depth .
tr	PRES	" Attended the correct schools , horseback riding , golfing , tennis lessons .
tr	PRES	The Prince fell to his knees , his whole body suddenly numb .
tr	PRES	A pity she doesn 't know you exist .
tr	PRES	It throws me one last time to the floor and there is nothing but black after that .
tr	PRES	My heart slams against my ribcage so hard it hurts .
tr	PRES	So easy to wear , so easy to remove , ' he mumbled against her neck .
tr	PRES	She leaned over , her hands stil clutching her spear .
tr	PAST	" She 's a witch , " Miranda screeched .
tr	PAST	The emu emerged from the dust cloud with a few of the faster carts rattling behind it .
tr	PAST	It 's funny , people always joked if corporations could , they 'd charge for the air you breath .
tr	PAST	Lea 's confidence didn 't wavered .
tr	PRES	When we disengage , he gently flicks my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Partner Elijah ! "
tr	PRES	They all , he all , sees it .
tr	PRES	" Yes ... " " Fine , then .
tr	PRES	" He gains a leg shackle tomorrow . "
tr	PRES	Who brings their laptop to a frat party ?
tr	PAST	I yell , not being able to save the commoners .
tr	PRES	" I thought go for a bike ride , " I add quickly .
tr	PAST	She slapped his arm in a playful manner .
tr	PAST	She prayed he had some small emotion left for her .
tr	PAST	' Me , ' she answered , grinning at him . '
tr	PAST	" This is a list of five hundred research volunteers , " he stated .
tr	PRES	I punch his arm and he sits back and smiles .
tr	PAST	In the desert , the male tender patiently awaited his companion 's return .
tr	PAST	It reassured her to a small degree , but she was too disgusted and too frightened of him to fully appreciate the textual evidence he offered .
tr	PAST	Arousal pounded through me , frantic for release as his tongue dove into my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Well , you didn 't remember I requested steaks , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He squinted at David .
tr	PRES	One stands at the end of the bed .
tr	PRES	She breathes in the scent of bread as she kicks the bags out of the way .
tr	PRES	She holds up beautifully .
tr	PAST	He scribbled a note , folded it , and convinced Loreen Duke to hold it without reading it .
tr	PAST	Maybe Ivy freed herself again .
tr	PAST	Talbot hopped out of the bed , and they grabbed their things and went inside .
tr	PAST	The scent of roses mingled with the rich scent of herbs and leaves , as if we stood on the edge of some forest glade .
tr	PAST	I motioned to Dara .
tr	PAST	Homicide dumped it on us to take some high-profile case all the municipal folk are hot about . "
tr	PAST	" My mom ... the talent skipped her .
tr	PRES	You imitate another man 's kills .
tr	PRES	" That idiot Alicia tipped her off , and now we 've lost her again . "
tr	PRES	It cost us more than we expected . "
tr	PRES	" First off , you 're like what twelve ?
tr	PAST	She wriggled to get even closer .
tr	PAST	His brows pinched as he focused on the road .
tr	PRES	And ' rags ' ?
tr	PAST	When his eyes stopped on her , she froze .
tr	PRES	He breathes out heavily , shuddering slightly , and I recognize that movement .
tr	PAST	She swiped the T-shirt over her daughter 's dirty face while the caterpillar made its way up Lucia 's arm .
tr	PAST	The entire group emerged from the building site , crossing the boundary Danger had been pacing earlier in the day .
tr	PAST	" Maybe she was being chased . "
tr	PAST	Steve 's eyes revealed myriad emotions .
tr	PAST	The bird screeched for more crackers , and everyone laughed .
tr	PAST	He always acted so composed , so perfect .
tr	PRES	At the first estimate just a murmur .
tr	PAST	Their bodies slapped together .
tr	PRES	My senses soar and great thanks I give , to see the tundra begin to live .
tr	PRES	" That man deserves pain .
tr	PRES	" Don 't care , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	But soon his belly rumbled , waking him from his awe .
tr	PAST	" Except in times of great need , " rumbled Sha .
tr	PAST	The rhythm of their rowing faltered , and the smooth movement of the bullet boat became uneven and uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	Another wave washed over me ; my blood-curdling screams echoed throughout the building .
tr	PRES	" He likes kids .
tr	PAST	At the next full moon he Changed .
tr	PAST	Celaena stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	" Useless garment when going to bed ... don 't you think ? "
tr	PAST	Got it all on video complete with sound .
tr	PRES	" All my horses bow . "
tr	PAST	Bri and I cleaned up the kitchen , and I went to my room and she went to hers .
tr	PAST	But she tugged her arm free as soon as she was upright .
tr	PRES	You too , Louisa ; ladies . "
tr	PRES	The sounds of gunfire fills the room without the hot lead to accompany it .
tr	PRES	" As I 'm sure you 've done many times in your self-defense classes , let 's practice getting out of some holds . "
tr	PAST	Kane attempted to lunge for the picture .
tr	PRES	" Hi Uncle Joey .
tr	PAST	She named the place , a dirt road that led to nearby public beaches but was rarely used .
tr	PAST	He doubted there was a day in her life that she wasn 't planning some sort of scheme .
tr	PRES	" A life for a life , " the demon master whispers .
tr	PAST	His eyes mirrored sincerity and dignity at all times .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat as my hands shrank back to their normal , ineffective size .
tr	PRES	" No , " I said , my voice an exact echo of his .
tr	PAST	Memories of her dreams from last night suddenly assaulted her , flooding her body with heat and making her skin crawl even more .
tr	PAST	I underestimated you , despite your family connections . "
tr	PAST	My right hand stole to waist of my trousers as Steve continued to mock me .
tr	PAST	" Wait a minute , " Spencer piped up .
tr	PRES	Carefully cleaned , the ancient image on the surface shone brightly .
tr	PAST	I trusted you once .
tr	PAST	he hollered , falling back onto the sofa where Nathan dropped him .
tr	PAST	The Bible repeatedly stated that women were caring , were wise , and were morally judged for their actions .
tr	PRES	I confess and he kisses my hair .
tr	PAST	He untied the pouch from Ren 's belt where he kept his strongest magic and stones .
tr	PAST	Eric faked some optimism , saying things would be smoother on stage .
tr	PRES	Any other comments ? "
tr	PRES	He just loves it when his nieces bring boys home . "
tr	PRES	One hundred grand . "
tr	PRES	A large metal tentacle belonging to the metal dog .
tr	PRES	' Why the north ?
tr	PRES	She glances down at herself , then up at me .
tr	PAST	Roads branched away through the countryside beneath them , dusted with snow , the smell of the air already much cleaner .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked my teeth and then plunged into my mouth , forcing me to either kiss him back or jerk away .
tr	PAST	Neither doubted her ability to shoot .
tr	PRES	Muted light shone on us from an unseen source , which was strange .
tr	PRES	" I belong to you , Jack . "
tr	PAST	The melting gold revealed a darkly glowing scale model of the upper half of the North American continent .
tr	PRES	The ones Dad likes . "
tr	PRES	He hears a knock and walks to the door .
tr	PAST	Dean motioned to the sofa and waved his hand at it before running a hand through his hair .
tr	PRES	Puck brings Dove to a halt , too .
tr	PRES	But the spurt of energy that began with the primroses fades away .
tr	PAST	The fog claimed me again , and I knew only darkness .
tr	PAST	" I think there 's a bottle of water on the back seat , " she instructed .
tr	PRES	The sparkles expand from my hand up my arm and then surround my body .
tr	PAST	Traffic crawled along outside without incident .
tr	PAST	Paul eyed Adam worriedly .
tr	PAST	I grunted , practically dropping his unconscious ass onto one of the couches .
tr	PRES	" The yellow room 's the prettiest , I 've always thought , " Quinn murmurs when he finds me there later that afternoon .
tr	PAST	" See who 's learning French , " exclaimed her friend .
tr	PRES	He touches the rope on my hands .
tr	PAST	Julian 's eyes flicked immediately to his brothers and sisters .
tr	PRES	" No matter what I do they weep .
tr	PRES	" You 're scaring me , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	Apart from all the pointy things that had Sarah licking her lips nervously the item which caught her attention was the buckle on his belt .
tr	PAST	Jem arose awkwardly from the riverbank , his hands bound behind his back .
tr	PAST	The clacking sound of high-heels announced Ms. Psychotic 's arrival .
tr	PRES	Not exactly stole , but more like borrow with the intent to return .
tr	PAST	Her step faltered when out of the corner of her eye she saw something that sent a cold chill down her back .
tr	PAST	Josephine 's irritation immediately transformed into concern .
tr	PRES	She frowned , her coffee cup halfway to her mouth .
tr	PAST	Thomas motioned for one of the tunnels , the opening of which shifted from dirt to stone or concrete .
tr	PRES	I gently dab some Neosporin onto the cuts .
tr	PRES	" We can 't stay here , " I yell .
tr	PRES	" Sensation , " she said , resting one hand over her belly button .
tr	PRES	' Mrs Holmes ? '
tr	PRES	' Oh , how I 've missed your body , ' she whispers as I lift her up .
tr	PRES	Instead of answering her question , he said , " My sister likes to talk , doesn 't she ? "
tr	PRES	" Me saving your life . "
tr	PAST	The metal glowed red , the plastic burned , and oil leaked from the seam .
tr	PAST	" Yes , I named my sons for the bravest men I 'd ever known . "
tr	PRES	" I um ... " She kept looking down at the floor , her feet shifting as her cheeks burned redder by the minute .
tr	PAST	I tugged at his shoulder , wondering if I 'd be able to get him back out of the shower .
tr	PRES	" Heroes , too . "
tr	PAST	I froze as I felt him sliding his body into the sleeping bag .
tr	PAST	Ash tensed as she sank her long canine teeth into his neck .
tr	PAST	Several of the boys lounged amidst the fibrous reeds .
tr	PAST	" I guess so , " Danni scoffed .
tr	PAST	She sensed him reaching into the heart of the storm , seizing the raw power that lay there .
tr	PRES	Dax stops walking and turns to look at me .
tr	PAST	He slapped the chart down in front of me .
tr	PRES	Dham folds his hands together on top of the table .
tr	PRES	But he personally helps us out on occasion . "
tr	PRES	His hopeful look melts my heart .
tr	PAST	She claimed that they were denying what had happened , that they couldn 't pretend nothing had changed when everything was different .
tr	PRES	I crack an eyelid to look around .
tr	PRES	" Are the bears doing anything to find out who 's responsible ? "
tr	PAST	Blue , mouth open , fangs bared , catapulted himself at the mayor .
tr	PRES	West holds my arms at my sides .
tr	PRES	" Adam likes that too , " I offered and he shot me a " too much information " glance .
tr	PRES	It begins to rain .
tr	PRES	She crawls along the ocean floor in the opposite the direction of the octopus , pushing herself forward with short flicks of her tail .
tr	PAST	Another month , two at best , and you 'll desire to tear his arms from his body for even looking at her , Thomas accused righteously .
tr	PRES	" Although you say , ' all but eliminated ' as though you assume that the last remaining member will survive this transition . "
tr	PRES	" Maybe those sizzling scenes didn 't come from Tina after all , " mumbled Jo .
tr	PRES	Three regulars she spotted right away and returned their nods of recognition .
tr	PAST	Nora dared to whisper .
tr	PAST	Rubi bounced on her toes beside Lexi , clapping and screaming to be heard over the applause , " Didn 't I tell you ?
tr	PRES	I snap my fingers to make him soak in the image .
tr	PRES	" Okay , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	Tyler snuck up from behind me just as I finished changing my clothes .
tr	PRES	" I assume Ethan gave you the rundown about everything here ? "
tr	PRES	Someone clears his throat behind them .
tr	PRES	" I hunger for you , Francesca , hunger .
tr	PRES	And she deserves your respect . "
tr	PAST	" Callie and I have been sleeping together , " he announced .
tr	PRES	She gazes at its leather cover , then slides her finger over the cracked surface .
tr	PAST	As they began climbing again , Percival sensed that everyone had just grown ultra cautious with every move they made .
tr	PRES	What filters onto the page always surprises me .
tr	PAST	She conjured up a prudish expression .
tr	PAST	Brad announced in a voice of greatness , " A real man needs to wear boxers to make room for all that meat ! "
tr	PAST	Shea stifled a sob , feeling a kinship for this poor murdered man .
tr	PRES	" She loves you , you big dildo ! "
tr	PRES	My little sister sees so much .
tr	PAST	They chased it deep into the woods , tiring quickly as the altitude rose .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume for a moment that my mother wasn 't killed .
tr	PRES	Callie lets go of my waist .
tr	PRES	" The wishes ! "
tr	PAST	Knocking off just one trailer 's make and model immediately eliminated several names on the list .
tr	PAST	She fanned herself , distressed by the heat of the oven in the back , and continued to complain .
tr	PRES	' Oh , come now , ladies ! '
tr	PAST	He was bent over , elbows on his knees , hands clasped together .
tr	PRES	" At least he buys flowers .
tr	PRES	And she 'd said , what marble ?
tr	PAST	The dish shattered in pieces against a far wall .
tr	PRES	" I don 't feel so well , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Emma 's heavy breathing begins to return normal as she begins to realize she is caught in one of her dreams .
tr	PAST	He readjusted his crutches and put an arm around me .
tr	PRES	My heart thumps erratically , and my tongue swells twice its size at the thought of actually vocalizing in her presence .
tr	PAST	He grieved for that bright happy young woman he first met on Christmas Eve , who wrote such vivacious letters .
tr	PAST	He caressed her face and bent to kiss her forehead .
tr	PAST	Sean emerged from the kitchen and set a cup of coffee in front of me .
tr	PAST	" This ship 's falling apart , " Born stated in frustration .
tr	PRES	He deserves to be given a medal of honor .
tr	PRES	The hospital staff freaked out when you were born .
tr	PAST	Futile as I knew it to be , I attempted to steer her vitriol in that direction but soon enough , she was finished and asleep .
tr	PRES	I shout and a herd of Sprites come scurrying out of the bushes and surround my knees .
tr	PAST	She sought his gaze , scowling .
tr	PRES	He reaches for a strand of my hair and then rubs it between two of his fingers .
tr	PAST	The beat of sword on shield accompanied their progress , a full cohort of the Roman legion , five hundred strong .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Sire . "
tr	PRES	She opens the door for us and we enter .
tr	PAST	I delayed going to Peterborough just to see her , late on Monday morning , when I should have been facing the cross-country traffic .
tr	PRES	It disappears into the black .
tr	PAST	Outside of immediate family and friends , the poor girl never experienced love or the ups and downs of dating .
tr	PRES	JJ stares at Lacey the way he stares at every single one of the Titans ' cheerleaders .
tr	PAST	' My concern is for the people of the Holy Land , ' Altair countered .
tr	PRES	She trusts too much to one who is now serving three masters . "
tr	PAST	A fire destroyed the inn in less than an hour .
tr	PAST	It smashed into his shins and almost sent him to his knees .
tr	PAST	Resistance then generally collapsed and the criminal gangs nearly all turned themselves in .
tr	PAST	The memories floated in my head , suddenly feeling like intrusions , like poison placed there by a corrupt regime .
tr	PRES	He immediately stops kissing me .
tr	PAST	He caressed my cheeks as he pulled away from me and I was finally able to fully take in our surroundings .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and moves towards me .
tr	PAST	He slapped his old acquaintance on the back .
tr	PRES	She stands on the other side of the screen in a cami and a pair of jeans .
tr	PAST	Jeremy lounged against the side of his mother 's car while Chad growled at Sali .
tr	PAST	Crossing her legs , Jane toyed with a ballpoint pen .
tr	PRES	He rises and kisses my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Don 't ever change , Callie Lawrence , " he whispers in my hair .
tr	PRES	She reaches for the box of half-eaten chocolates and starts to set them aside .
tr	PAST	I vomited all over the front of me .
tr	PRES	Struggling up onto her feet , she digs in for a sprint , feet sliding in the wet pine needles .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms over my chest , but Michael takes my hands and gently parts them .
tr	PAST	Abby tipped her head to one side .
tr	PAST	Angie made herself laugh , prayed it sounded more natural than it felt .
tr	PAST	She had risked so much for me , all those years ago .
tr	PAST	Not for the first time , Nicholas thanked himself for Herrera 's absence .
tr	PRES	But when he opens the door he sees an empty space where the radio had been .
tr	PAST	And everyone sensed it .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Stew ... " Mad Dog taunted .
tr	PAST	The detective tipped his hat and said , " I thank you . "
tr	PAST	" Ha , very funny , " he scoffed .
tr	PRES	" You haven 't seen trouble , yet , " I teased him halfheartedly .
tr	PRES	Really , Sabrina , you 're killing my ego here , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Shaking my head , I settle back onto his chest and resume tracing the ink shapes .
tr	PAST	He sought to peer through the heavy shroud , but it was impossible .
tr	PRES	" Always running out on me , Harriet ! "
tr	PAST	The glass shattered in his hand .
tr	PRES	But when the flavor beads dissolve , the gum soon tastes like shower curtain .
tr	PRES	Great guys , and super speedy with parts . "
tr	PAST	Overhead , the helicopters wavered .
tr	PAST	His velvet voice painted the picture in my head before I could block it .
tr	PRES	She reclaimed her hand but turned toward him .
tr	PRES	The plant touches my pale skin .
tr	PAST	He flicked off the light beside the door , throwing the room into temporary inky darkness .
tr	PAST	The soap opera split public opinion so radically that riots became commonplace .
tr	PRES	And Dad loves treating Mom like a princess .
tr	PRES	He climbs to his feet and runs his hand through the red stubble of his head .
tr	PRES	Like 88 Fingers up there , he just plays piano forever . "
tr	PAST	I sensed a hint of sadness in his voice .
tr	PAST	So just back away , " she claimed and he caught her glance towards the doorway .
tr	PAST	And that jolted her out of it faster than a shock with a lightning rod .
tr	PRES	He rips off his goggles and throws them on the ground .
tr	PRES	She loves being pampered by Shiv .
tr	PRES	" The world your ability lets you to see into . "
tr	PAST	She stares at the house , looking all over the metal bit , up and down , side to side .
tr	PRES	She lies to you !
tr	PAST	Without waiting for a further invitation , Hawk steered her into a room across the hall .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and kiss him .
tr	PRES	' And what about boyfriends .
tr	PAST	I countered with my own question .
tr	PRES	She wears a locket .
tr	PRES	His hand reaches over , his fingers lacing through mine .
tr	PRES	After you reach a certain age , the creature inside of you begins to mature again and the cycle must start over . "
tr	PRES	He opens one eye now , staring at me lazily .
tr	PAST	I leaped from the couch to see Marty and Vincent rolling into the kitchen and crashing into the oven .
tr	PAST	Ken freed one arm , dropping several pieces of clothing .
tr	PRES	" Because I care about her , " I correct .
tr	PAST	Chris froze in the act of biting into his donut .
tr	PRES	She bitches and complains but I know deep down inside she loves it .
tr	PAST	But , the opportunity is incredible , so , I reluctantly give my permission , " Jenny 's father announced .
tr	PRES	" On time as always , Frances .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you the spitting image . "
tr	PAST	She named the man 's family members , and their ages , which rendered the show host speechless .
tr	PAST	He anchors me to life and lets me experience it through him , just a bit .
tr	PRES	' Are you a physician , Mistress Pol ? ' '
tr	PAST	The dirt beneath his feet rumbled .
tr	PRES	" Thanks for making the arrangements , Carol .
tr	PAST	She rotated out Lee , Darcy and Osorio out but not before telling the team her the new plan .
tr	PAST	But more than anything , I sensed the intensity of emotion Derek held for Sofia .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , as he begins to pull back the wooden crates with Simon .
tr	PRES	He rounds the corner and enters the room .
tr	PRES	That same principle applies in the different planes of existence .
tr	PRES	He stands above the streaming red beam and opens his box .
tr	PAST	" Be quick about it , " the voice urged .
tr	PAST	The roof collapsed behind Haven as she ran toward the wall .
tr	PRES	Says she goes by the name Rose White . "
tr	PRES	Deep mind engagement ? "
tr	PRES	' Is Lucy all right ? '
tr	PAST	A second wounded vampire crawled and struggled to attack him with his last breath .
tr	PAST	As he hurried after Drake , he prayed that was true .
tr	PRES	" Can you swim at least ? "
tr	PRES	" Did it sound , um , bony to anyone else ? "
tr	PAST	He had , of course , begged her not to leave and promised it was a one-time thing , that he 'd temporarily lost his mind .
tr	PAST	Smiling , I scooted over and patted the bed .
tr	PRES	" Is there anything you want to tell me , Rand ? "
tr	PRES	Dornan snaps his fingers and grabs my arm .
tr	PRES	" No , " Mr. Woods .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed in my back pocket and I pulled it out to see what it was .
tr	PAST	He weaved through the empty side streets , taking different routes so they didn 't travel in a straight line .
tr	PRES	Messick points to the defendant 's table where Gallo is sitting .
tr	PRES	" My female likes this . "
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , the discomfort and cramping subsided , but his smile lingered .
tr	PRES	" You havin ' a baby , man ? "
tr	PRES	He mumbled into the pillow , " I just drove around . "
tr	PRES	He keeps saying he needs to see Gail , I assume that 's you ? "
tr	PRES	" he sheds this bodily existence , and his consciousness merges with the supreme consciousness . "
tr	PRES	I kin more or less stand bein ' around y ' . '
tr	PAST	Her breaths mingled with his .
tr	PRES	" Why drag him into your warped web of revenge ?
tr	PRES	My mom carries over two plates of steaming food and sets one in front of me .
tr	PRES	She breathes in slowly and deeply , looking at Baldwin steadily .
tr	PRES	" Boasting Warriors A group of soldiers were at the village square bragging about their accomplishments in a recent battle .
tr	PAST	Pia giggled and then all three of them moved toward the doorway and into the adjacent playroom .
tr	PAST	Their tails wagged at the mention of food .
tr	PAST	" And that was when I was weak , drugged , and disoriented .
tr	PRES	A dead giveaway that she 's lying .
tr	PRES	His expression falls a little and he forces the bite of chicken down his throat .
tr	PRES	Suspended dust floats in a beam of light from an unseen window on a landing several floors above .
tr	PAST	Alistair motioned to the wyvern .
tr	PAST	They proved my instincts right .
tr	PAST	Why don 't you just quit school right now , and we 'll discuss you going back next semester . "
tr	PAST	I doubted they 'd mounted rocket launchers on the roofs , so I didn 't take him at his word .
tr	PAST	The gray hulks of kelp floated dreamlike outside their hull while the chunks of torn fronds and sediment ripped up by its struggle settled around them .
tr	PRES	" More like a fuzzy plum , " Adelia teased .
tr	PAST	A wry smile curved his mouth , and Ryan wondered how long would it take before she tired of smelling hay , horse urine and manure .
tr	PAST	Lara stiffened and jerked her head away , eyeing him warily over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Is everyone ok ? "
tr	PAST	The third smashed into his face .
tr	PRES	Joel storms out and Gavin follows after him .
tr	PRES	Without another word Claire begins searching the area near the elevator doors .
tr	PRES	They redirected their route and rode around the threats whenever possible , though other confrontations were unavoidable .
tr	PRES	We describe our tour of the Temporal Studies Society and show the others the cryptic note we received .
tr	PAST	White cloths soaked up as much liquid as they could hold but it wouldn 't take long for them to reach their limits .
tr	PRES	I assume you still have not found her . "
tr	PRES	" I thought we 'd hang out the four of us tonight , Pris .
tr	PRES	" Tell me what that was , " Shannon begged .
tr	PRES	" It helps to think someone else might learn from my mistakes .
tr	PRES	Bowling alley my foot . "
tr	PAST	Silently he prayed she wasn 't his adopted sister .
tr	PAST	" Rocky , " Rachel said , " quit obsessing .
tr	PRES	" I urge you to approach her with extreme caution . "
tr	PRES	demanded Billy , defensively , sounding rather put out about being excluded .
tr	PAST	With arms open wide , a cheesy grin on my face , I dreamed of running into her arms .
tr	PRES	The veneer of discretion rises imperceptibly at the scratching against its tender surface .
tr	PRES	" The Mr Shine ? "
tr	PAST	The pile grunted , and Bobo shifted his weight to hang on .
tr	PAST	We shuffled around Fairbanks for a week before we found a job on the North Slope with a seismic exploration crew .
tr	PAST	When she stayed silent , Josie clasped her hands and leaned toward the witness as Rudy continued .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , pushing some of the half-empty cartons of Chinese out of the way and setting down the box .
tr	PRES	She kissed his mouth , the kisses clumsy with passion .
tr	PAST	As annoyed as she was with what Daniel had done , the silence between them bothered her .
tr	PAST	Chin attempted to defend his reputation , " What about my extension to the art gallery in Cordoba . "
tr	PRES	Cliffs of 10 km high surround it .
tr	PRES	Since when was the lure of Starbucks not enough ?
tr	PRES	Carey 's husband kills Carey 's lover , then flees .
tr	PAST	I get it , you just don 't want me here , " he joked , sitting back down on the couch .
tr	PAST	Maybe her date phoned in a cancellation . "
tr	PAST	We crouched , ducked away from the harsh blast of light .
tr	PAST	That he also slept at the airport , few doubted .
tr	PRES	She hears the screams of her friends though their warning came too late .
tr	PAST	He froze not so much at the sight but at what he smelled .
tr	PAST	When we at last neared the entrance to the conference room , she froze , a hint of panic in her tone .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head and looked up at him through thick black lashes heavily coated with mascara .
tr	PRES	Max remains unresponsive as Tammie gushes on and on about Devon .
tr	PAST	Mostly , they bore or irritate me .
tr	PRES	The Candor around me mutter to each other , some of them scowling .
tr	PRES	" Welcome to my home , " he mutters under his breath as he starts for the spiral staircase in front of us .
tr	PAST	Instantly , a roar of bullets unleashed a swath of destruction across the front of the house , breaking windows and knocking shingles from the siding .
tr	PRES	Scottie 's son likes to play with it when they visit and - " " That was stolen ? "
tr	PAST	Chains come to mind , " he taunted her as he sauntered towards her like a predator ready to pounce .
tr	PAST	His shield protected the left side of his body .
tr	PAST	Cassie 's stomach churned .
tr	PRES	" So she 's clearly a lot more than just a minion , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" Not even then , " I mutter , still not quite believing him .
tr	PRES	" I vow that I will speak no word that is not true . "
tr	PAST	Then he addressed James , " Got a minute ? "
tr	PRES	" The bad news is that your transfer is still in effect , " Mr. Kent sighs .
tr	PAST	She eyed him curiously .
tr	PRES	" I just love your Southern phrases , " Mom murmurs .
tr	PAST	He always cleaned the powder from the barrel after it had been used .
tr	PRES	Holly throws him a look .
tr	PRES	He disappears again but I feel the vine begin to move ever so slowly .
tr	PRES	Then all fades before me , and all I see is black .
tr	PRES	He helps to complete you . "
tr	PAST	The older policeman swirled his wine glass in small circles .
tr	PAST	Her teeth chattered with the convulsion of emotions ripping through her .
tr	PAST	Straight and deadly to its target , it never wavered in its path , but inflicted far more damage .
tr	PRES	And then it strikes me .
tr	PRES	A pinprick of light shone in the shadowy interior .
tr	PRES	Just a few swords and a worthless cloak .
tr	PAST	growled Glock , boiling with anger .
tr	PRES	He holds me securely against him , his arms strong and his grip firm , as if he 's never going to let me go .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	On arriving there he jabbed it with his stick .
tr	PRES	He climbs onto the four-wheeler and sets me in his lap .
tr	PRES	+ + + + + Nurse Ralston debated ... .
tr	PAST	Paula 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" Be strong , " Mai 's voice whispers .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the back seat , and that 's when I started yelling . "
tr	PAST	Our feet slapped off of the concrete as we raced down the tunnel but the creatures were closing in on us .
tr	PRES	" Not if I find out about it afterward instead of beforehand . "
tr	PAST	You tricked me into rescuing you .
tr	PRES	" My wife hates going for rides with me .
tr	PAST	He flattened his palm over his heart .
tr	PRES	It cracks , and vanilla ice cream flows onto my tongue .
tr	PAST	" The Great Wizard Marlon accompanied by the Lady Violet and his lowly apprentice . "
tr	PRES	He hates leaving her .
tr	PRES	" Mine included , " Phoebe states sadly .
tr	PAST	The pink bedspread coordinated flawlessly with the roses on the wallpaper .
tr	PAST	They reported , ultimately , to me .
tr	PAST	" Right before you went all Man vs. Wild on me in the parking lot , he revealed that Luc had lied to me . "
tr	PRES	She stands up and pushes her chair in .
tr	PRES	Says she was born in Gary , Indiana , same as me .
tr	PRES	" History loves rewriting itself . "
tr	PAST	Logan replaced the shirt he 'd wadded up against the wound with the towel .
tr	PAST	Taking his , she threaded it through his lapel buttonhole .
tr	PAST	The handle skipped away from me across the surface of the lake .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PAST	She froze , and turned her head slowly to face the source .
tr	PRES	" But stay close , Lizzy .
tr	PRES	" A fan ? "
tr	PRES	" He did it , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	" Control Room Six . "
tr	PRES	Realm holds out a key to her .
tr	PRES	Your sister holds the Lion Throne .
tr	PRES	" Although , according to Jon , you do love yourself some chick flicks . "
tr	PRES	Which pisses me off .
tr	PAST	The bars and scrollwork in it provided lots of hand - and footholds , and I had no difficulty clinging to the outside .
tr	PRES	' Du n no .
tr	PRES	" I detect that he is a very wicked man . "
tr	PAST	" A charming idea , " he approved , nodding his head .
tr	PAST	Recovering Duke Henry 's domains absorbed me like the labours of Hercules .
tr	PAST	I crawled over and pushed his face straight into the mud and held on tightly as he struggled against my weight .
tr	PRES	Her and her nerdy reading habits .
tr	PRES	Her dark eyes shone in her rosy face and her lips told of much laughter and mirth .
tr	PRES	The pizza dough bubbles inside the bottle .
tr	PAST	You have a mind of your own now , you proved that when you ran with me from the chimeras on the mountain ! "
tr	PAST	Esmeralda looked into Robert 's face , a silhouette highlighted in angry orange .
tr	PRES	" My bullet ? "
tr	PAST	Every insecurity in me rendered me unable to comprehend how he could find me attractive .
tr	PAST	my Aunt Sarah exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" What kind of business proposition ? "
tr	PAST	Her head swirled deliciously .
tr	PAST	" Got to run .
tr	PRES	A glowing square pops up .
tr	PRES	He hears everything we 're saying , my dear .
tr	PRES	" Your pillow misses you . "
tr	PRES	At times , it fits quite nicely .
tr	PRES	" I 'm taking it seriously , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	He dumped them in a dry spot , then took the trenching tool and swiftly dug a small pit at the inside edge of their enclosure .
tr	PRES	" Tel , you are programmed to support and protect Professor Cassell , Scott , and I , correct ? "
tr	PRES	Now , I assume you didn 't hobble all the way out here just for that little update .
tr	PRES	Only a man who treats his woman with love and kindness deserves my loyalty .
tr	PRES	" Jackie , just tell me if she ever talks about me , mentions me ... anything ? "
tr	PRES	A man brings them out once in a while .
tr	PRES	He buzzes the windows up halfway , switches off the car and then motions for her to slip out quietly on the other side .
tr	PAST	Not knowing how to get off , but getting nowhere by being so panicked .
tr	PRES	I grit my teeth , then hiss like a snake , then puff like a dragon .
tr	PAST	Painter sensed that the professor was onto something and flicked off his lamp .
tr	PAST	I stifled it very respectably though .
tr	PAST	How considerate of Vladimir to have Sasha 's old cell phone replaced with a new one .
tr	PRES	He tuned the tracker slightly .
tr	PAST	As I stared up , my own wide eyes reflected in the tactical helmet , the human part of me switched off .
tr	PRES	I hiss , my rage rivaling his .
tr	PRES	' I wouldn 't speak so soon , ' I murmur .
tr	PAST	Locks of the current period were simplistic , some batches produced with the same key so as to be interchangeable .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sorry , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	Jael pushes to his feet .
tr	PAST	Alyssa nearly destroyed my life .
tr	PAST	Marcus downed his full glass without tasting it and took another from the young waiter before he could walk away .
tr	PAST	Your neighbors down the street reported hearing screams followed by a bright flash of red light . "
tr	PAST	I squealed as Jackson licked my neck .
tr	PAST	Bidding his doxy good night , he motioned impatiently for Nicole to follow him .
tr	PAST	He prayed for his children who he knew must be confused and insecure given all of the recent upheaval .
tr	PRES	" Yes papa . "
tr	PAST	Lily 's aunt , watching from the hall , motioned me out of the room .
tr	PAST	' I 've got the perfect dress to win Ryker over , ' she stated smugly .
tr	PAST	" But I 'm so good at it , " she countered , half teasing .
tr	PRES	It shone through like a single blessed ray of sunlight peeking through a crack in the blinds .
tr	PAST	He then proceeded to try to kill us in order to regain his gems .
tr	PAST	She bore , as a result , some passing resemblance to a self-important bumblebee .
tr	PRES	She deserves this happiness .
tr	PRES	" May I assume this is our next load into space in thirty hours ? "
tr	PRES	" Was it arson ? "
tr	PRES	A fete begins now .
tr	PRES	My offer to you still stands , but only if you let me finish this loudmouth moron off . "
tr	PRES	He chuckles as I view my baby brother .
tr	PAST	I enquired on the first occasion .
tr	PRES	He mumbled the Rosary prayer .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , and the four of us took off all over again .
tr	PRES	His expression remains distant and guarded .
tr	PRES	" Because I 'm so good at observations and reading into clues and interpreting signals ? "
tr	PRES	He whispers sweet and encouraging things to me .
tr	PAST	She opted for the simple answer .
tr	PRES	I drag my eyes open , and instead of mountainous rock , I find soft , heated skin .
tr	PRES	Decay of all the faculties .
tr	PRES	" Yes , bloody hilarious , " Elijah mumbled before arching a brow .
tr	PRES	Beast uses their confusion and heads for the east gate .
tr	PAST	" I sensed the Dor the moment before my Aon fell , and it was coming from that priest . "
tr	PAST	The stranger regarded Kendall with an eerie calmness .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth 's heart froze in her chest .
tr	PAST	She limped into the bathroom , sore and bleeding .
tr	PAST	He motioned toward the easels lining the wall .
tr	PAST	Izzy solved the problem by suggesting that I set the device to record height as a certain amount of gravitational force .
tr	PRES	' Yes , well that brings us back to the original dilemma .
tr	PRES	" We 'd hate it , " another boy announces .
tr	PAST	His heart sped up as his gaze fell on Evy 's armchair .
tr	PAST	He attempted to assuage his guilt with the facts .
tr	PAST	" Harder , " she urged , and she was rewarded with a slam .
tr	PAST	She exhaled in relief .
tr	PRES	Any harm against a human , even if only part human , carries serious consequences .
tr	PAST	He baited his hook and prepared to try another cast .
tr	PAST	Linda motioned for another drink .
tr	PRES	You just speculate like everyone else does , " he states , removing his hand from my forehead .
tr	PAST	Jared hollered , as the ball whipped by me .
tr	PAST	Eldridge paced in front of the windows , his hands clasped behind his back , his tone low and distracted .
tr	PAST	Reyes rumbled from down the hall .
tr	PRES	and flips it closed .
tr	PAST	His chin nuzzled the back of her hand .
tr	PAST	He clutched his robe securely around his body and laid down on top of the covers .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't do anything , " he swears , holding his hands out like he 's surrendering .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	" Jacob trusts you . "
tr	PAST	Jake steered him back into the crowd .
tr	PAST	" Clarissa , dear , " she exclaimed , raising her good hand toward me .
tr	PRES	" I 'll stop kicking you , " the heavily accented voice teased , " when you stop irritating me with every breath you take . "
tr	PAST	Bail cocked his head sideways , eyeing Padme carefully .
tr	PRES	I snuck out while she was in bed with Paul . "
tr	PAST	The crowds cheered happily seeing the uneasy line of Tens .
tr	PAST	The harsh reminder strengthened his resolve .
tr	PAST	For one glorious moment , I marveled at the fact that I had a family .
tr	PRES	" What about bindings ? "
tr	PRES	Slamming his trident into the ground Curios stares daggers at the creature .
tr	PRES	As were all the greasy fries as well .
tr	PAST	Again and again , his body claimed hers in the most intimate way possible .
tr	PRES	Just then , the door opens and Grant , Paul and Julianne come in .
tr	PRES	" And everyone really likes him .
tr	PAST	Her eyes twinkled with the memory .
tr	PRES	And it occurs to me that I might be meeting Tobias 's true faction .
tr	PAST	Holly stiffened at the unexpected question .
tr	PAST	It glowed in the orange light of the heat lamp .
tr	PAST	" I slapped the tar out of him . "
tr	PRES	" Please don 't stop , " she begged .
tr	PAST	The old unit shudders back on , vibrating on the ledge of the window to the west .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hands and held her temper .
tr	PAST	Glory slowed , then sat on her haunches and sniffed the air , trying to calm herself .
tr	PAST	Nicolae grunted as he blasted through the thin cloud straight at the vampire .
tr	PAST	When she told him about the baby , he stifled a laugh of joy , and then , quietly , asked her to marry him .
tr	PRES	He talks over me with disdain in his voice , like he 's ashamed of who I am .
tr	PAST	In denying David you , I also denied myself .
tr	PRES	He launches himself at me .
tr	PRES	she demanded , her voice husky with weariness .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , lass .
tr	PAST	David adjusted his clothing , watching her with a guarded expression .
tr	PAST	My phone buzzed ; it was Jonah again .
tr	PRES	And he never forgave himself for that .
tr	PRES	Cat begins chucking loose stones off of the bell .
tr	PAST	" Thank you , Hank , " he 'd murmured , because there wasn 't much food at home these days .
tr	PAST	Celeste motioned to the dining room table , with plates already filled with spaghetti .
tr	PRES	" God " He mumbled .
tr	PAST	I reappeared twenty minutes later , dressed as smartly as I could .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and rose .
tr	PRES	A security officer approaches them from across the room .
tr	PRES	He flashes a wily grin just as this is out of his mouth , then leans back and mocks smoking a cigar .
tr	PRES	" He 'll wear a tux , " I snap .
tr	PRES	When he reaches the page where I 've written " Baby = Impossible , " he stops .
tr	PAST	I glanced at the calendar on my desk , Simon 's arrival home circled .
tr	PAST	I freeze , unable to look away .
tr	PRES	" Certainly , Major .
tr	PAST	I exhale , feeling silly .
tr	PRES	" Hello , " Blade states .
tr	PAST	The man collapsed to the rolling deck unconscious , blood welling out from a long gash over his eye .
tr	PRES	Trystan pushes the door open , extending his arm , and ushers me inside .
tr	PRES	Rachel 's shoulders relax and she melts further against me .
tr	PRES	Still a bit stiff , but I get around all right . "
tr	PAST	The wind and darkness retreated to the farthest corners of the room while Jay stared in astonishment and hope , the despair and terror melting away .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed and worshipped .
tr	PAST	He pitched forward towards those glittering eyes , again sounding the name " Stuart ! "
tr	PAST	Currently , he was choking said mop and kicking the bucket so much , it sloshed water onto the floor .
tr	PAST	The Great Thicket proved almost too much for them , however , and they soon found themselves pausing for long hours while a path was sought out .
tr	PRES	He throws his head back and laughs , finally he lets me go .
tr	PAST	She flicked her tongue against the seam of his lips , teasing them apart .
tr	PAST	A sudden glimmer of confidence brightened her mood .
tr	PAST	Jackson cocked an eyebrow at me , a grin playing on his face .
tr	PAST	She shuffled her feet , and that rock in her stomach took it all the way to the floor .
tr	PAST	Although his lids lowered in response , a small smile tugged at Dominic 's lips .
tr	PAST	Body taut as a rope , my eyes immediately stole to my bedroom window , hoping it wasn 't another neighbor alerting me of a potential break-in .
tr	PAST	" Doctor , " she clipped nervously .
tr	PRES	The bats flap above us .
tr	PAST	Between the fire and the general state of the house , she doubted it would sell on time .
tr	PAST	When she sat down on Sutton 's bed , exhaustion flattened her like a bullet train .
tr	PRES	" No , just you , " he begins .
tr	PAST	As we ate , I pretended that I was happy to be there and enjoying our time together .
tr	PAST	Beth flicked her blond hair out from beneath her collar , then opened the door to the street .
tr	PRES	This only enraged me more .
tr	PAST	She pretended to start working again but felt herself breaking in two as he continued to stare down at her .
tr	PRES	" By bun , I assume you 're referring to my baby , and he or she 's due in about three more months . "
tr	PRES	" And I shall be heading directly to the bank with this , " he murmurs .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER TWENTY LET THEM FLY When we returned , dusty and victorious , to the House , Ethan thanked me with steak and chocolate .
tr	PAST	I dared not look directly downward .
tr	PRES	He sees you are Communist from America .
tr	PAST	Juarez and I both bounced our flashlight beams over the walls , where we found children 's drawings and more Bible verses tacked on peeling floral wallpaper .
tr	PRES	Chinese from what Elaina had said , my nose agreeing .
tr	PRES	' Knowing him , he blames himself ! '
tr	PAST	" You 're referring to me , " I stated the obvious .
tr	PRES	A sniper for the military with more medals than she could count and more kills than she wanted to know about .
tr	PRES	" He likes you , really likes you . "
tr	PRES	Still , the king towers over everyone else at the table .
tr	PRES	She blames me for everything . "
tr	PRES	He glanced up at me , his eyes alight .
tr	PRES	" It brings out some of the best grifters in the universe .
tr	PRES	When she talks to him , it pisses him off , but when another guy tries to talk to her , that pisses him off even more .
tr	PRES	She likes the name her husband picked out for their son .
tr	PRES	She loves making sweets and was always trying new recipes .
tr	PAST	One of his jet-black eyebrows winged up .
tr	PRES	' I assume you and Stella both know what 's going on with King Ignis ? '
tr	PAST	I yawned and stood up .
tr	PRES	' From Truth , and Love ... ' ' Life .
tr	PAST	Nausea churned inside her .
tr	PAST	Shelby exited the office with a big smile and said , " Thank you Dr. Phelps . "
tr	PRES	" It 's going to be fine , " she announces .
tr	PRES	I exhale a breath I didn 't even know I was holding as I watch her perky behind strut its way to the door .
tr	PAST	As she approached the viaduct , a dark figure emerged like a genie , from a path below the level of the walk itself .
tr	PAST	We circled around as if we were going to join hands and do some silly folk dance .
tr	PRES	' We 'd look pretty ridiculous walking around like this all the time , ' she whispers , her arms sliding around my waist .
tr	PRES	With a smile , she releases me .
tr	PRES	I refresh my words .
tr	PAST	The postman tipped his hat and said , " Have a good day , Doctor . "
tr	PRES	She opens it up , you fry , and then she can crawl through it and leave .
tr	PRES	It carries on till it 's back , way back under the waterfall .
tr	PRES	' Not entirely wasted , Senator ! '
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , jogging up to him .
tr	PRES	" I have to tell you that I love you , Frida , " he whispers to me .
tr	PRES	Brooke states , " That is a strange dream .
tr	PRES	' Because we 're twelve ? '
tr	PAST	Merlin 's voice boomed out over a loudspeaker .
tr	PAST	Mickey cocked his head at the information .
tr	PRES	Every time Rex gets a chance lately he tries to convince me to drop my plan .
tr	PAST	Gaudet smacked Shine on the side of the head .
tr	PRES	I don 't even mean to say it , it just falls out into the world .
tr	PRES	The site talks about saving the world and I can see how they could .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Same question still applies . "
tr	PAST	Connie extended the fingers of her left hand , flashing him a lovely solitaire .
tr	PRES	You absorb and convert it , but then something or someone is siphoning it off .
tr	PAST	If their ears had been any bigger she feared they might take off .
tr	PRES	This name belongs to you .
tr	PRES	" Security services . "
tr	PAST	" It is juniper , " he stated calmly .
tr	PAST	Our great sneak and the most awesome duck shoot in history disintegrated in the windy mist .
tr	PRES	Kamil presses his lips together to show Adel that he was going to behave .
tr	PRES	An open book lies on her chest and she 's fast asleep .
tr	PRES	I crave it for myself and my child , but it feels so unattainable . "
tr	PRES	He lets his finger fall from my lips , trailing a line down my chest , finally pulling away at the bottom of my stomach .
tr	PAST	" The police ruled it an accident .
tr	PRES	He ticks his head as though I should have figured this out .
tr	PRES	Well , that changes things a bit .
tr	PRES	Serena approaches Assembly at the front of the Great Hall .
tr	PRES	" If you need to sell the house and shop , then you sell the house and shop .
tr	PAST	DHS officials denied accusations that the federal government had any involvement in deploying the servers .
tr	PAST	I dared a quick glance at Ryder on my way out , before Nix got to the door and held it open for me .
tr	PAST	The loyalists who survived stripped the ship of most of its valuable resources and fled in escape pods to the outer planets .
tr	PAST	Dominion scoffed , as if to rub my suffering and humiliation in my face .
tr	PAST	Chuck cocked his head on one side .
tr	PRES	The bounty hunter considers .
tr	PAST	" You 'll find something , " she reassured .
tr	PRES	" You manipulate me , Sara . "
tr	PRES	Carrie 's kind blue eyes shine as she smiles .
tr	PAST	My sister in the middle and lying on her side with her palm resting lightly on Anthony 's back .
tr	PAST	Not a few people speculated on this .
tr	PAST	" Your grandmother knows , " he stated matter-of-factly .
tr	PRES	Bartholomew enters the course , first .
tr	PRES	The sports bra she wore clung to her small breasts and was soaked with sweat beneath her arms and where it clung to her cleavage .
tr	PAST	I only got , okay stole , the ring to shut my mother up .
tr	PAST	I pondered what she was saying for a moment .
tr	PAST	Our cries mingled together as we intertwined .
tr	PRES	In my pity , I snuck him food and listened to him talk about magic and legends and war .
tr	PRES	He pushes me onto my back , knocking the wind out of me .
tr	PAST	He exhaled and shook his head .
tr	PRES	' What about the stars Elle ?
tr	PRES	A moment passes , she tilts her head toward him and he meets her with an amazing kiss .
tr	PAST	" I have the last shot , " Austin claimed , his fingers folding over the final red paintball .
tr	PAST	She steered him back toward the others and the lights and the chaos .
tr	PAST	The sphere shattered and dissolved into the sea .
tr	PAST	It puzzled me at the time .
tr	PRES	He ... respects you . "
tr	PRES	My mouth pops open and no words come out .
tr	PRES	A big day lies ahead of us .
tr	PRES	It begins to move slowly forward as the girls cut , move and push the branches and vines out of the way .
tr	PAST	Sasha hooked his foot around a nearby chair and pulled it up to the bed .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , glancing over my shoulder at my house before I step over the threshold into his .
tr	PRES	We crash into the wall and rotted wood from the beams holding up the ceiling splinters and falls around us as the foundation shakes and trembles .
tr	PRES	He glances at the clock .
tr	PRES	Both of their heads snap up as I call Rian 's name .
tr	PRES	The smell of lavender floats in the air .
tr	PRES	I hike over the shallow hill , my boots filling with sand .
tr	PRES	" That 's perfect , " I purr , turning back to Aidan and running a finger through my loose curls .
tr	PAST	We adjusted our clothes and I started having trouble breathing .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Parker and Jane quickly exited , giving the married couple some privacy .
tr	PAST	Jenny stuffed a few books and her lunch kit into her backpack , and went upstairs to the attic .
tr	PAST	Sleep had eluded me all of last night .
tr	PAST	And I never lied about anything else .
tr	PAST	They conducted a silent battle , gazes clashing .
tr	PAST	James tugged Joni out the door .
tr	PRES	He crawls from beneath Bobby to see Piper ramming Frank 's head into the hood of the Jeep .
tr	PRES	The sex produces children .
tr	PAST	She regained her composure , walking past the baffled hotel employees .
tr	PRES	The winter snow begins to get high enough that creativity is used to get the chores done .
tr	PRES	She sees the look on Danny 's face and laughs .
tr	PAST	His hand , large and strong , engulfed mine .
tr	PAST	Here , he risked falling with every step .
tr	PAST	Jordan smacked down with her face , and drops of raw blood issued forth from her slit forehead .
tr	PRES	" Is Roku your counterpart ? "
tr	PAST	A moment later he announced excitedly , " It 's them !
tr	PRES	She stands , her shadow stretching from ceiling to floor .
tr	PAST	Slowly she untangled herself from Aly .
tr	PAST	After about an hour , the man on the bank produced a whistle and blew it .
tr	PAST	" Rub the head , " he rasped in her ear , making her shiver as she felt the moisture .
tr	PRES	" That about sums up Garrett in a nutshell . "
tr	PRES	" Yes , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	My muscles vine into blistering knots .
tr	PRES	My muscles strain with exertion , and my mouth is dry .
tr	PAST	He limped toward the stairs .
tr	PAST	I dig my finger into the braided wires , separating the red wire from the others so I can see the letters more clearly .
tr	PAST	Valerie rummaged around and pulled out a small bottle with an old-fashioned picture on the front .
tr	PRES	" Apparently I ruined your lunch . "
tr	PRES	Tammie returns the gesture , hesitant at first , then passionately , allowing herself to become lost in Devon .
tr	PRES	You experiment , try new things and use all of your senses to gain the information you need !
tr	PAST	the curly-haired toddler squealed as she clung to Forte 's ears .
tr	PRES	A familiar voice whispers in her ear .
tr	PAST	She walked out to the kitchen and began making coffee while I sat in the living room , fingers clasped in my lap .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the captain to fol ow .
tr	PRES	Seth points a syrupy fork at me as he chews a mouthful of pancakes .
tr	PAST	I freed from the claws of Raj .
tr	PRES	Drawing a deep breath , the fragrant blossoms beneath her feet , filled the empty hollow of her soul .
tr	PRES	I snap my fingers a few times , " Rex ! "
tr	PRES	" Then flee . "
tr	PRES	" Safety , " I mutter from under the mask .
tr	PAST	" We must hurry , " Ewan urged .
tr	PRES	The processing procedure stank .
tr	PAST	I stormed out of that place to find you . "
tr	PAST	Riki giggled , but she caught a glance from her father 's eye and quickly subsided .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a deep breath .
tr	PAST	Kai described what he had heard .
tr	PRES	If you really want to help ... " She averted her eyes .
tr	PAST	The elves proceeded to travel as Marta mounted Breathless and began to follow .
tr	PAST	She charged past the guards at the main gate , scattering them .
tr	PAST	I doubted Ivy could see her at the moment .
tr	PRES	He steals a glance at me and smiles .
tr	PAST	He described it as we raced along more gloomy corridors , finding less resistance now .
tr	PRES	" Ethan Landry . "
tr	PAST	Cora looked anxious , then unzipped his uniform .
tr	PAST	I preferred to leave Gideon out of it .
tr	PRES	" Kick your shoes off , if you like , Stockton .
tr	PRES	" Luke , please , " she begged already knowing that it was too late .
tr	PAST	Sadness threaded through the joy .
tr	PRES	Mr. West sighs , rolls his eyes and grabs his briefcase from the table .
tr	PAST	I scooted out of the car in a hurry , but was instantly stopped by Max .
tr	PAST	Her hand tensed around the glass .
tr	PAST	Ebon tugged on the ring , causing a thin throwing knife to side forth from his chest , slick with his own blood .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply and walked out the door .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and forcefully lowers the Detective 's arm and gun to neutralize the threat of another rogue shot .
tr	PRES	Sean scoots back to his place .
tr	PRES	" A little out of it , " she frowns .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't even close , " I lied .
tr	PRES	He deserves that kind of happiness .
tr	PAST	These words produced a glorious bright light , the same dazzling light that always surrounded the angelic beings that visited their planet on special assignment .
tr	PAST	The woman , clearly an important figure in the house , eyed her skeptically .
tr	PAST	I stole a glance at Bryan only to find he was stealing a glance at me .
tr	PAST	Those simultaneously pinched and flabby features , if not tolerable , became at least familiar .
tr	PAST	Anna prayed it wasn 't because they had already left without them .
tr	PAST	I vomited for three days afterwards . "
tr	PAST	They piled into the truck , with Ellie between Alex and Tom .
tr	PAST	Ralph eyed the two of us .
tr	PRES	It mirrors my own turbulent emotions at watching members of the Resistance rounded up like cattle and carted off to prison .
tr	PAST	Emily 's face produced nothing as concrete as a memory , but it looked familiar and Nell felt a funny stir of emotion .
tr	PAST	He freed his massive erection and speared himself into me with such carnal desperation I almost orgasmic before he even began to move .
tr	PRES	" Sons of bitches . "
tr	PRES	" It 's going to cause a scandal , I 'll tell you that , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	Frantically , he wriggled his way around the corner of the building , away from the firefight raging in front .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not interested in Cole , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , my good hand hovering over his chest .
tr	PAST	Percival lingered only long enough to bend down at the entrance tunnel , listening .
tr	PAST	Taking his thought further , Kenny pondered if he could follow the water flow back to where it came from .
tr	PAST	Chickie shrieked , jumping up and sending her chair spinning .
tr	PRES	The door slams open wide .
tr	PRES	But then he stops , and he walks into a diner in the middle of the city .
tr	PAST	He withdrew slowly , then scooped her into his arms , crossing to the bed .
tr	PAST	The memory of my body 's suffering served to make me long for sobriety , in liver if not mind .
tr	PAST	He eyed the house in front of him as the sun set and the windows reflected the light .
tr	PRES	Eight immediately bursts out laughing .
tr	PAST	A gasp fled from his lips as he wretched forward his eyes as wide as a full moon .
tr	PRES	They steal from us . "
tr	PRES	' How silly of me .
tr	PRES	" Yes , you forgave me .
tr	PAST	I crawled onto the bed and brought the blanket up over my head .
tr	PRES	She cringed , waiting for the pain , but felt none .
tr	PAST	Patience proved too elusive , so I gave up the effort to find it .
tr	PAST	She reported that a local bandit had gotten my sister pregnant , and my sister had foolishly run off with him .
tr	PRES	" And I 'm considering it , " he teased .
tr	PRES	More shrieks , howls and blood fills the air .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a thumb over his shoulder toward the loft .
tr	PRES	Samson , Jacques , and the others gape at me .
tr	PRES	She stares straight ahead , pulling back out into the street .
tr	PRES	He slides it forward , his dimples forcing a smile on my face whether I like it or not .
tr	PAST	I creep towards the voices , my natural instinct for self-preservation at war with my desperate need for guidance .
tr	PAST	He closed his eyes for half a second and exhaled , his dark eyebrows knitting together , like I 'd hurt him .
tr	PAST	At some point in my wandering I skipped to BBC News . "
tr	PAST	She extended one leg , trying to gauge the amount of space around her .
tr	PAST	Blood exploded as Dad stumbled back , and then fell forward , hitting the ground so hard he bounced .
tr	PRES	Walking quickly , she flips on lights , pulls down all the shades , and cranks up the air-conditioning .
tr	PRES	What brings you to our town in the middle of a rebellion ? "
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze for a long moment before turning back to the wheel .
tr	PRES	" It 's working , " Hulsey crowed softly .
tr	PAST	" Landing sequence initiated , " announced the auto-pilot .
tr	PRES	" Maybe we can swim to safety , " he comments sarcastically .
tr	PRES	It bears no relation to reality . "
tr	PRES	Hayden falls in step with me when I reach forty-two .
tr	PRES	" Why don 't you rip it open and find out ! "
tr	PRES	My heart stops beating .
tr	PRES	His dark car slides past me back out into the road and I am alone in the night .
tr	PRES	FAITH Nichiren states ; " Thus faith is the basic requirement for entering the way of the Buddha .
tr	PAST	He sensed an opportunity arising .
tr	PRES	They wove their way through the trees toward the clearing .
tr	PAST	Julian roughly elbowed Chris aside as he threw himself forward .
tr	PAST	" Honey , I sure don 't want to do that , " I muffled against his shirt .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and pulled as hard as he could , still nothing .
tr	PAST	Genie eyed the long tables in the center of the room , hoping they wouldn 't be dining at one of those .
tr	PRES	She was gasping , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	PRES	" I 'm the worst at everything , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	On it hung a silver peg leg with Victorian markings sketched on it .
tr	PAST	" I 'm not needed , " he stated in his log .
tr	PRES	Again , that low , deep chuckle .
tr	PAST	Lucy grunted in pain but she did not release the handle .
tr	PAST	Charlotte sniffed and giggled at the same time and Kate watched the tension on Mrs. Norris 's face begin to ease .
tr	PAST	" Guess you shoulda had some rum after all , " Whiz joked .
tr	PAST	His body collapsed to the ground .
tr	PRES	Away , away , Away .
tr	PRES	Kasey whipped her head around .
tr	PRES	" I failed my husband , " Brandi murmurs .
tr	PRES	" Where are you , my Sun ! "
tr	PAST	Bride cocked her head suspiciously .
tr	PRES	Its naked , pitiful form crawls in my palm .
tr	PAST	" But we 're not in France , " I mumbled , feeling stupid .
tr	PAST	From his pocket , Balthazar withdrew my silver and coral bracelet and dropped it into my hand .
tr	PRES	Fire blazes across the surface .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us .
tr	PRES	No other food tastes more divine , or leaves the diner more satisfied .
tr	PRES	I wash the dishes and the return .
tr	PAST	With a heavy sigh , I stood , my hands fisted at my side as I pushed out into the hallway .
tr	PAST	He had risked their ship and the lives of all the crew because of his failure .
tr	PAST	" I sensed your unhappiness . "
tr	PAST	She cinched the bag tight and handed it to Spencer .
tr	PAST	Gunfire chased him into the forest 's edge .
tr	PAST	Daniel clasped both hands together .
tr	PRES	Julie helps me knot it .
tr	PAST	He prayed that the intangible connection would one day lead him home again .
tr	PRES	" For the wedding night , " the dressmaker said , a knowing twinkle in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Just hold your nose then , Jessie ; I 'll roll a window down , too , " Rick joked .
tr	PRES	It only presents itself when I 'm near James .
tr	PAST	No one ambled over to the snack machine that hummed against the right wall , its fluorescent bulbs flickering like a bug zapper .
tr	PRES	" Come on , Ma .
tr	PRES	But before she could utter a word , Luke and John begged her to accompany them .
tr	PAST	Her feet zigzagged under her , and she thrust out her other arm to get her balance .
tr	PAST	Fredrick quickly untied his costumed arms and began to practice his lines while pointing furiously .
tr	PRES	" Down here , Bella ! "
tr	PAST	Dogs , domesticated not wild , circled their masters , begging every passersby to pet them .
tr	PAST	I dismissed it , shaking my head as though that physical act itself , could dislodge the mental thorn .
tr	PAST	With each exhalation she thanked God for their sturdy little bodies , so resilient .
tr	PAST	" It 's not us I 'm worried about forgetting the plan Thatch , " Cobble countered eyeing the grizzly growling creatures that surrounded them .
tr	PRES	" Your talents ? "
tr	PRES	The phone rings in the office and Andrew rises .
tr	PAST	Simon selected " safe " .
tr	PRES	Without even thinking , I lean over and gently kiss her forehead , wondering what the hell I 'm going to do when morning rolls around .
tr	PRES	The older man 's lip twitches up into a sneer .
tr	PRES	They add chopped walnuts . "
tr	PAST	I prayed for death , but it would not come .
tr	PRES	She likes to pretend I don 't exist . "
tr	PRES	We sing the ancient songs of war under crimson sky .
tr	PAST	The muscles along my back tensed .
tr	PAST	His energy field buzzed with power .
tr	PRES	Chest lets go after the needle is inserted in my forearm .
tr	PAST	While I was out of the country on business , she hooked up with an old boyfriend and became pregnant .
tr	PRES	I mumbled to myself .
tr	PRES	" And when he returns ?
tr	PAST	Ruth twirled one perfectly manicured hand dismissively .
tr	PAST	Despair pierced her heart with the cold , and for an eternity she could not move , nor speak , nor even summon a conscious thought .
tr	PAST	She swiped her finger in the groove ; it was smooth as glass and held a faint residue of something slimy .
tr	PAST	Pink flowers floated gently to the ground , dancing around us with joy at our reunion .
tr	PRES	She lies in the bathtub as I prepare a mixture in a bowl from the kitchen -- it smells rather terrible .
tr	PAST	Just as he rose and headed down the land grumpily , he froze , his ears twisting .
tr	PAST	A year after he proposed .
tr	PRES	" The vine ! "
tr	PRES	" I assume these are tears of happiness ? "
tr	PRES	Zeke tries to hit him again in the ribs , Damien blocks and jabs him in the chest .
tr	PAST	" You can 't steal that painting , " I announced defiantly , trying to regain my balance .
tr	PAST	Trevor collected their coats and waited patiently while she ran around making sure everything was cleared away properly and that nothing was left undone .
tr	PRES	He loves me , and you rubbing it in his face after the fact is just cruel . "
tr	PAST	She flung herself off the bed in an attempt to get away .
tr	PRES	" The armor is magical , it changes to fit the wearer . "
tr	PRES	" I du n no LT , but it was moving quickly . "
tr	PAST	Jonathan flicked the switch and the gadget whirred to life , filling the apartment with that loud and annoying sound blenders make .
tr	PAST	Mason 's voice bounced around the tiled bathroom walls .
tr	PRES	Maybe some women dig men who have ice in their veins , but not us ! "
tr	PRES	" I don 't bluff , " I blurt in sudden panic .
tr	PAST	Nick cocked his head , frowning .
tr	PRES	Looking ahead of her , father holds little Sybil in his arms .
tr	PRES	Crawley tries to calm him down as he pushes back his chair and stands .
tr	PRES	Nathan 's mouth falls open and Isaac laughs beside me under his breath .
tr	PRES	I fuss with the ends again .
tr	PRES	Its tail hisses derision , a soft wet sound of rotten meat parting .
tr	PRES	The XV stands for Extreme Vehicle .
tr	PAST	My cell phone beeped .
tr	PAST	Frida clutched at his arm .
tr	PRES	" And leave this boat floating around the river ?
tr	PAST	She sniffed , her chest shuddering .
tr	PRES	" Skank , " she hisses as they make their way out the door .
tr	PRES	Children swarm the rides and the games , all of which are free for the night thanks to my parents .
tr	PAST	Aphrodite sniffed back her tears and laughed .
tr	PAST	Surprisingly , the idea bothered him .
tr	PRES	Every damn fraudster produces one .
tr	PRES	" It lets you see the future . "
tr	PAST	Kaz exclaimed suddenly , looking through his pack . '
tr	PRES	I devour him in seconds .
tr	PRES	At home he teased Ruthie and played pranks on the hotel staff .
tr	PAST	The NCO advanced with his hands held high above his head .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the paper carefully , and Munson saw newsprint .
tr	PAST	" You lied to me about your position at the archives . "
tr	PAST	She inhaled before she blacked out .
tr	PRES	His slick body slides over mine and I feel his long hard erection on my leg .
tr	PRES	He padded off to the kitchen , the antennae on his slippers waving gently like seaweed in a current .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't look like Miss Emma was waiting , " Mia teased as she wound one of Emma 's curls around her little finger .
tr	PRES	I get hard just looking at you , " he breathes and leans into me .
tr	PAST	He freed it to nudge his companion 's chest with his knuckles .
tr	PAST	He claimed ' something bad ' was in the building and he wasn 't going near it . "
tr	PRES	Women just ... " " Throw themselves at you ? "
tr	PAST	the man exclaimed in a Northern accent .
tr	PRES	Kelsey 's arms enfolded me first , then Rusty , then Cade , and then I lost count .
tr	PAST	With some effort Jack untangled himself from the lamp shade and stumbled over to the phone .
tr	PRES	" What about the garage ? "
tr	PRES	" But we just started , " I protest .
tr	PAST	Just be patient , " 13-year-old Jo-Jo chided .
tr	PAST	" We certainly underestimated him . "
tr	PRES	I detest being called woman .
tr	PAST	When they carted me off to the Capitol ? "
tr	PRES	They observe , and sense the oddness , of the way she carefully scans the parking lot before approaching her car .
tr	PRES	The tide rises , building , every muscle in my body pulled tight with desire , but somehow I can 't break , I can 't surrender .
tr	PRES	" Ah , that clears things up for me , then . "
tr	PRES	" And that creepy guy , Zane .
tr	PRES	Can we postpone ? "
tr	PAST	We 're a go , " she announced .
tr	PAST	It slowed near the entrance , but never stopped .
tr	PRES	" Max is just as good-looking as Hunter , and he 's never gone out with Adair , " she points out .
tr	PRES	Always hunt 'n and search 'n .
tr	PAST	I cleaned it with a little water and then bandaged it with torn cloth from my own shirt .
tr	PRES	I bury a quick kiss over her mouth .
tr	PRES	Get back in the house , you idiot !
tr	PAST	Smith clutched the seat back to keep himself upright .
tr	PRES	The milieu is so calming , it touches my soul .
tr	PAST	Ashe hopped from the spot beside his father to the marker and then back again , the entire process taking less than a second .
tr	PAST	" Got to find your cabin .
tr	PAST	Sakura cocked her head to one side .
tr	PAST	Long , narrow spaces snaked among the piles like aisles in a maze .
tr	PAST	She eyed me with shy curiosity , lit ever so slightly with feminine interest .
tr	PAST	In a matter of moments , they emerged near the target planet and assumed orbit .
tr	PAST	He emerged , wearing his traditional tattered robe and vestments .
tr	PAST	He supported his weight on his arms as he bent his head , brushing his lips against mine .
tr	PRES	" And the Outer Worlds , the twenty-five million of them ?
tr	PAST	He sought out the throbbing weight and lit all his focus upon the water .
tr	PAST	Suddenly exhausted , Serenity tugged her sweater over her head and pulled off her jeans .
tr	PAST	My eyes roamed over a whole bookcase full of mystery novels .
tr	PRES	Now , what do you want , Keita ? "
tr	PRES	' As well as can be expected , Sire .
tr	PAST	Gia dismissed further discussion by opening the window and leaning out .
tr	PAST	He grunted out a choked laugh .
tr	PRES	" Jerry Davis . "
tr	PRES	No honest merchant ever passes up an opportunity to steal .
tr	PAST	What really bothered her was the fact that she was basically helpless .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	She crawled up on his chest so that her aqua eyes looked directly into his yellow eyes .
tr	PRES	Lila lets out a nervous laugh .
tr	PRES	Everyone whispers a thank you for bringing their best friend back to them .
tr	PAST	He always feared that a woman would see behind his new looks and success and see the unsure teenager beneath .
tr	PRES	He then reaches into Peter 's pocket and takes out the hard drive .
tr	PAST	I matched speeds with the Luton box truck and fired .
tr	PAST	She wept for him and the suffering he 'd gone through .
tr	PRES	" To late for that , sweetheart .
tr	PAST	" They ruled it a homicide .
tr	PAST	His face bore a thousand questions .
tr	PRES	" I have to use the little girl 's room , " Seth announces and Callie giggles at him .
tr	PAST	We protected them and these rebels " - he spat out the word - " think they 're on some sort of mission to save everyone .
tr	PRES	Even if it contradicts Church teachings ? "
tr	PAST	" Talon , " he rasped hoarsely .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want you to , " my traitorous mouth whispers .
tr	PAST	I asked , my voice muffled by the pound of food in my face .
tr	PRES	" Capital punishment ; why ? "
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the door , grinding my teeth in frustration .
tr	PRES	A gyrating jerk tries to hump my backside .
tr	PRES	The king also wishes for you to be trained as a warrior as well Thomas . "
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched to grab one of the daggers .
tr	PRES	" So that 's what you look like in glasses , " she teased .
tr	PRES	And I crave more of it .
tr	PRES	I lean closer , snuggling under his arm , and rest a hand on his strong chest .
tr	PAST	His finger glided over my heart .
tr	PAST	His body curved protectively around hers .
tr	PRES	March clears his throat .
tr	PRES	I was trembling , my breaths a low pant that veered dangerously close to hyperventilating as I moved closer .
tr	PAST	he rasped down at her .
tr	PRES	* Chapter 42 ' Sure , sure , ' I hiss back at Jase from the other side of the wall , trying to hide my panic .
tr	PAST	Persephone stormed toward us , her feet automatically avoiding the patches of flowers as if she knew exactly where every blossom was .
tr	PAST	Liz attended all the Royal functions and meetings , occasionally , trying to accept her role in the universe .
tr	PRES	Stroking his cheek and looking into their precious faces , a lump rises in my throat choking me as I try to force the words out .
tr	PAST	You accused him of liking the new teacher 's tits . "
tr	PRES	As he pushed up her chemise , his hot breath ruffled the curls of her sex .
tr	PRES	She inches close to him to ensure he remains sleeping .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the night air , and shot off through the mist .
tr	PAST	She twirled a few more strands of Natalie 's hair around her finger , spraying it with more hair spray .
tr	PAST	" Just see when it leads ye , " Mae reassured her .
tr	PAST	He treated her like such a baby .
tr	PAST	The Interpol tip off that Baumann had flown back from Cologne to Manchester and headed for Birmingham proved to be a big embarrassment .
tr	PAST	The man cowered a little , but seemed to pull himself together .
tr	PAST	Lenny eyed the planks of wood across the stage and his jaw clicked out of control and his hand shook worse than it ever had .
tr	PAST	Tiny shards , only painful now that I knew they were there .
tr	PAST	The room exploded in a hubbub .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my shoulders and stares at me .
tr	PAST	She dove down over the head , digging her claws in to the thin flesh that covered the skull .
tr	PAST	" The doctor advised me to cut back on my sodium level .
tr	PAST	The giant smashed the glass in Dickie 's hand with the table leg .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over Tammie like a refreshing tide .
tr	PAST	Violet crouched beside him .
tr	PAST	But he also itched to know what was going on with the various investigations .
tr	PAST	" Well , " Silence inquired .
tr	PRES	Her attention drifts toward Josh who has his eyes glued to our conversation .
tr	PRES	My dad 's eyes roam over to a line near the entrance of the meal serving area that currently looks to be closed .
tr	PAST	He joked he was a mathematical genius , but couldn 't speak English .
tr	PRES	" Such wrath ! "
tr	PAST	He steered me away from the part of the field where the crowd was gathering .
tr	PRES	My blood - " The blood kept dripping from the scalpel .
tr	PAST	Though I doubted it .
tr	PAST	" Come sit , " Molly urged , walking Anna Marie to a chair by the table .
tr	PAST	He chided himself for not paying closer attention .
tr	PRES	My heart begins to pound .
tr	PRES	And he deserves someone who treasures who he is .
tr	PRES	Just as I anticipate , he barricades my path .
tr	PAST	A couple of hours ago , I received word that many of their planes launched .
tr	PAST	Ryder 's hands flattened on the floor .
tr	PRES	And I also teach Middle Earth History and Religious studies at Cambridge .
tr	PAST	she countered , then she dropped her head on the ground and closed her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Good heavens , but we 're weeks away from a frost .
tr	PAST	He eyed her sternly .
tr	PRES	" She ok ? "
tr	PRES	I lean in close to her .
tr	PAST	You eyed that tray like you 'd never seen anything like it before . "
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the bookstore with a slam of the door .
tr	PRES	Trying to change the subject , Diana 's mother announces , " Dinner is ready .
tr	PRES	I dreaded going home .
tr	PRES	" Still no hints ?
tr	PAST	By remaining she proved that some would not bow and quietly accept the fall of the White Tower .
tr	PRES	Or her with pins in her mouth , putting the finishing touches on her hair .
tr	PRES	" Because it 's full of hash goons .
tr	PAST	Pasha pretended not to notice anything .
tr	PAST	But I angrily slapped his hands away and took a step backward .
tr	PAST	The horses quieted at the sound of her voice .
tr	PAST	I flung the door open and stalked into the hallway .
tr	PRES	" Um , forget it , " Ali mumbled .
tr	PRES	A small smile crept onto her face as she hugged him back , her head resting on his left shoulder .
tr	PAST	He maneuvers his hand around the bar and squeezes my knee with his fingers , sending a shot of warmth between my legs .
tr	PAST	They proceeded directly toward the site , following the overhead laser beams .
tr	PRES	" I ... , " he begins , as if looking for the right words .
tr	PRES	" It 's what , " he glances at his watch , " only twelve .
tr	PAST	Placing my Thai food on the granite countertop , I scooted closer to him and rested my head against his cool shoulder .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and rubs his head , too , dragging the tips of her fingers down the center and then over the bridge of his nose .
tr	PRES	" That knife belongs to Aaron Amos . "
tr	PRES	Pulling my bowstring tight , I relax into the movement and let go .
tr	PAST	Jamison exclaimed with a laugh .
tr	PRES	In America , Italy , even here on this beautiful tropical island , hospitals stank of antibacterial cleansers and fear .
tr	PRES	As the leather begins to give way , I swing at him with my knife .
tr	PRES	" Should I feed your brother ? "
tr	PAST	The speculation ranged from mundane , a sprained ankle , to fantastical , a heart transplant .
tr	PAST	Balancing Mathieu on one arm , Luc steadied her with his other .
tr	PAST	I dove into Molly to get us out of the way .
tr	PAST	They both described their shipboard voyage to the New World as the absolute worst experience they 'd ever endured .
tr	PRES	I punch the pass code into the keypad and wait to hear the click .
tr	PAST	Cassy 's lips curved on demand .
tr	PRES	he murmured , his chin resting on top of my head .
tr	PAST	She hugs me gently and kisses my head .
tr	PRES	Not at all like Izzy with her giant feet , too-long arms , and absolutely no curves to speak of .
tr	PAST	" We already established that personal trait , Emma . "
tr	PAST	At the door , she swiped the stolen key card , unlocked the way , and dashed out of the ward .
tr	PRES	I represent a client who I believe you recently meant . "
tr	PRES	She holds up a photo of a blonde woman with a Rays baseball cap on .
tr	PRES	He plowed the funds back into his main account and then promptly ignored it .
tr	PRES	Her eyes flit away from mine .
tr	PRES	" Before it clouded up .
tr	PRES	Just text me when you wake up .
tr	PRES	I zap him right in the hip .
tr	PAST	Yet his mind tensed , on guard .
tr	PAST	Dressed goth , her eyes brightened a gold color .
tr	PRES	For instance , The Driver Privacy Protection Act protects against most people obtaining your name and address from your license plate .
tr	PAST	Desmond piped up for the first time since the argument started .
tr	PAST	She glided off and I rubbed my nose with my middle finger , discreetly flipping her off before dismissing her and looking away .
tr	PRES	They ruffled and groaned .
tr	PAST	Garret charged into the room , running straight for Mary Ellen .
tr	PAST	Taking a thin chain of gold from around his neck , he secured it .
tr	PRES	My sister twirls once , the skirt fanning around her , brushing against my knees and Kalli 's stomach .
tr	PRES	" So the question remains , what is to be done with you ?
tr	PAST	She adjusted her dress so that it covered her thighs , but her knees still stuck out .
tr	PRES	It helps me cope with the ugliness of the past . "
tr	PRES	She lays a pan on the stove and ignites the flame .
tr	PAST	He smashed into his horse and fell backward into the mud .
tr	PAST	While Kim talks , Jean stares at her with glassy eyes .
tr	PAST	The sound of grinding metal pierced my ears , and tons of dust was thrown into the air clouding my vision .
tr	PRES	" And , yes , I did wash the bedspread . "
tr	PRES	His voice booms through the cave .
tr	PRES	iPods plays music . "
tr	PRES	You are lucky , actually , I almost mistook you for a dried up carrot .
tr	PAST	I received a collective of much appreciated nods .
tr	PRES	Henry glares at me .
tr	PAST	Now just reel him in .
tr	PAST	He drapes an arm over the headrest behind me and his fingers brush my shoulder .
tr	PRES	A hollow feeling fills my stomach like I 'm plunging down the first hill of a roller coaster .
tr	PAST	Placing the bowl in the middle , she eyed the child sitting on his aunt 's lap as she fed him spoonfuls of cut-up spaghetti .
tr	PAST	Principal Burns storms into the classroom , startling me in the process .
tr	PAST	They approved his sincerity , his repentance ; and no doubt there were the donations to smooth the way . "
tr	PRES	My body inadvertently shudders as images of what could have happened to her flood through my consciousness .
tr	PRES	" Yes , you silly , " Tatiana teased .
tr	PRES	Sye didn 't reply right away , Zook sensing hesitation .
tr	PRES	He relaxes against me , but doesn 't let me go .
tr	PRES	" Now that 's what I like to hear , " Black Beard states feeling that he has complete control .
tr	PAST	" We dusted the train for prints .
tr	PRES	Small , blond , curvy .
tr	PAST	Again Rick inhaled a pinch of Dr. Johnson Snuff ; the menthol in it tasted foul , so early in the morning .
tr	PAST	My blush deepened as I looked down , trying to hide it .
tr	PAST	we exclaimed simultaneously when we saw the white and black box .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	The pear core itself she set beside the stream for the birds or small animals that gleaned for food there .
tr	PAST	Jane also reported having sent her trainee out to Arrow Lake to show the photo of mother and son around .
tr	PRES	" Please , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	A mole ... who would have thought .
tr	PRES	They shone down upon the impaled girl atop the mountain and on the young woman robed in darkness before her .
tr	PRES	Prospero freezes , and his eyes move upward , ever so slowly .
tr	PAST	She hooked her legs around his waist as her arms chained around his neck .
tr	PRES	It monitors energy levels .
tr	PAST	" No , wait , " she urged him when he opened his mouth to say more .
tr	PAST	He slowed his movements and met her gaze .
tr	PAST	" Got some good stuff at my place .
tr	PAST	I crouch , my back supported by the wall , to check what Gale managed to rescue in my hunting bag .
tr	PAST	I froze for a moment .
tr	PRES	Kat likes someone else . "
tr	PAST	Violence always created energy .
tr	PRES	" You drag me out of an important meeting and subject me to these baseless accusations .
tr	PRES	" What cop ? "
tr	PAST	Since I didn 't know what else to do , I propped myself on the edge of the desk .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Avril scooted closer to me and leaned against my shoulder .
tr	PRES	He opens a bandage as I wipe the blood off the wound .
tr	PRES	He brings his hands back up to my thighs and pushes my legs apart , lowering his head , his tongue making slow circles over my clit .
tr	PAST	" You dreamed about this ? "
tr	PAST	The hands moved to one wrist , picked at the knotted cord until it loosened , then untied the other .
tr	PRES	" No , it brings back too many painful memories ... regrets .
tr	PAST	The flashlight glowed with renewed life when I switched it on .
tr	PRES	" I warn you , Novak , trusting me could be your undoing . "
tr	PAST	I rummaged around like a child at Christmas , careful not to undo the cautious work someone had done packing these precious artifacts .
tr	PAST	The fox scampered down the stairs , only finishing half of her food .
tr	PRES	" In a French dungeon , to be more exact . "
tr	PAST	They reduced the charge to disorderly conduct and I got a big fine and time served .
tr	PRES	It reaches to her knees .
tr	PAST	She attempted to shrink into insignificance like any Chinese peasant woman .
tr	PAST	Biting back tears , she slowly extended the sword to Hugh .
tr	PRES	Kim hears them talking and stomping across the front porch .
tr	PRES	He explains what he 's doing , what he needs .
tr	PRES	He knows that and he looks at me sadly , his hands limp in his lap .
tr	PAST	The others clutched him and held onto each other in both fright and wonder , staying well behind Rick , but peering around and over him .
tr	PRES	' Couple , eh ?
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed him suspiciously , and it wasn 't long before Tristram lost his composure and broke down laughing again .
tr	PAST	Leif shuffled his cards restlessly .
tr	PAST	He sobbed almost uncontrollably on her shoulder for some time .
tr	PAST	It hopped off and disappeared into a nearby tree .
tr	PAST	The little girl giggled again .
tr	PAST	I dreamed it was tearing its way out of me .
tr	PAST	He massaged his brow .
tr	PRES	His eyes swivel back to me .
tr	PRES	She inhales slowly , turning to face her window .
tr	PRES	Fergus Wallace , and if you doubted his connection to us , only read . "
tr	PRES	" Just a sedative .
tr	PAST	Pulling apart , they hopped into the car and sped away .
tr	PAST	Aaron and I exclaimed in unison .
tr	PRES	Dust motes flit in and out of the streaming early evening sunlight where Olivia had recently stood , at least in my vision .
tr	PAST	Charlotte adjusted her hat .
tr	PAST	I insert the ends of the hanger through the sleeves of the jacket .
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , of course , time just slows down .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth , then seals her lips shut and nods .
tr	PAST	She dialed the numbers .
tr	PRES	Nicholas ' anxiety rips through his hurried words .
tr	PAST	I only doubted that Ollie would do it the way Foot purported it to be .
tr	PRES	she whispers , her voice tearful .
tr	PAST	He curved his fingers , somehow finding an elusive spot that brought me to exquisite heights , shattering me into pieces that scattered into the air .
tr	PRES	'S cold , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	The cries filling the room belong to Ella , lying in the corner tossing in her sleep .
tr	PRES	He glances over at his captain .
tr	PRES	He lets her sniff his hand and touches the top of her head gingerly .
tr	PRES	" With Mr Andrews ? "
tr	PAST	He flicked on the TV as he passed and headed for the kitchen .
tr	PRES	" Sleep well and I 'll cook in the morning . "
tr	PRES	Sunny begged , and started crying hysterically again .
tr	PRES	I rip out the page and fold it in half twice , making sure the corners are perfectly lined up .
tr	PRES	" This is the infamous Anna , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	A yellow glow pulsed between each of his fingers before a single panel split down the middle , revealing a downward staircase .
tr	PAST	Then , with a final flourish , the armored pair posted formally to opposite ends of the lists to do battle upon each other .
tr	PAST	His eyes faltered for a moment to look at the stormy sky outside .
tr	PAST	That stumped him for a moment .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later he reappeared in the intensive care unit .
tr	PRES	He tries to noose me with the blinds , and the entire infrastructure of the curtains comes crashing down .
tr	PAST	He crouched beside me , his brown eyes wide and concerned .
tr	PRES	Therefore the quest for a theory of everything , and its attainment , signals the end not only of history and science but also of philosophy .
tr	PAST	" Tamara - " " I see I 've come at an inconvenient time , " she announced , ignoring Sawyer 's warning tone .
tr	PRES	He likes what I come with . "
tr	PAST	Gently , Levi claimed her lips .
tr	PAST	Leif jabbed his finger into the tabletop between them all .
tr	PAST	I circled up and up until I was above the city , and then I swooped down and perched on the wall to look things over .
tr	PAST	Soon , I dismissed that thought .
tr	PAST	As as it trickled into his veins and muscles it washed these places first , and then it headed towards his heart to work its potent magic .
tr	PRES	" Well , she deserves it .
tr	PRES	" Swirling it helps aerate the wine and increase the smell .
tr	PRES	The men march them down the wharf to a pair of waiting black SUVs .
tr	PAST	Aunt Marilyn stifled a laugh , slapping Sophie 's hand and wiping her mouth with her napkin .
tr	PAST	For the most part those of the village bothered Daniel not for their healing , but when he was called , out he went .
tr	PAST	Before my father stripped it from you ? "
tr	PRES	The nurse who placed her hand on my shoulder , squeezed it and left the room , letting the doctor stabilize my wife .
tr	PRES	I murmur , scooping up water in my hand to pour along her shoulders and collar bone as I hold her .
tr	PAST	We slowed to a halt in front of the porch , and I could hear the sound of water ; there was a stream behind us somewhere .
tr	PAST	" Fuck if I know , " Bob said , his voice slightly slurred .
tr	PAST	She scooted her chair back and he could tell she was angry as she chucked the rest of her pizza into the trash .
tr	PRES	Evelyn stands behind the table where Jeanine Matthews 's body lies .
tr	PRES	He reaches out a hand .
tr	PAST	The soldiers regarded him dumbly .
tr	PRES	He glances briefly at me , then clicks on his mike and says , " Yes ? "
tr	PRES	" A serpent ? "
tr	PRES	He tries to cover and shrug it off , but a small vein is bulging in his forehead and his eyes dart back to me nervously .
tr	PRES	I wipe my mouth with my arm , " Yeah maybe I do . "
tr	PAST	He pretended to look annoyed , but I knew he liked being a part of forming a government that included humans and Reboots .
tr	PRES	Her bag falls from her hand and my hand comes down on the side of the building .
tr	PRES	Take one or two from a state , no one sees what is truly happening .
tr	PRES	" Your witness . "
tr	PAST	I extended my hand out to her , " Please . "
tr	PAST	And Cooper doubted she would ever have come close to attaining either of her parents ' height .
tr	PAST	" We messed around . "
tr	PAST	Together , they engaged the engines of their fighters and sped away , avoiding the rampant shots of the aliens until the aliens were far behind them .
tr	PAST	He slapped my ass , and the sting made me catch my breath .
tr	PRES	And in one of his books Preston describes weird calling voices . "
tr	PRES	" No we cant .
tr	PRES	" Ahhh yes , there are many beautiful birds near my home .
tr	PAST	Two sets of stairs curved to the side that connected to a bridge above me .
tr	PAST	I washed up in the kitchen sink , spread the blanket on the carpet , and curled up into a ball and fell asleep .
tr	PAST	I replayed the scene through my mind .
tr	PAST	She accidentally unleashed a short burst of energy which made the lights flicker for several seconds .
tr	PRES	May he forgive me .
tr	PRES	He removes his pack of tobacco , and some rolling papers , and begins again .
tr	PRES	" Yep , I know how that is , all right -- y ' all seen hoot , n now you 're on your way to holler .
tr	PRES	I hiss under my breath .
tr	PAST	He prayed that his boot top would keep it from falling out .
tr	PAST	" Yeah ... " Carmichael grunted .
tr	PRES	He folds his hands behind him , then regards me .
tr	PAST	" Gray messed up his ankle and you had to go in cold . "
tr	PAST	Pain exploded through him as he changed into his wolf form , then human , then wolf again .
tr	PRES	" I 've got to ask you something , " I blurt .
tr	PAST	Yes , I text back , cryptic on purpose .
tr	PAST	Diego cocked his weapon .
tr	PRES	My vision shrinks to a single point : those eyes .
tr	PRES	" It stands for - " " I know what it stands for . "
tr	PRES	" You steal my breath . "
tr	PRES	He stood over her , his eyes going red , his fangs gleaming as he lowered his head to her neck .
tr	PAST	" London Gatwick Airport , " Thomas instructed the driver and Inez watched him silently as she sank back in her seat .
tr	PRES	He learns how their love , though threatened and warped , never died .
tr	PRES	And bring swim trunks . "
tr	PAST	He eyed Jonas warily .
tr	PAST	His warm breath tickled my earlobe .
tr	PAST	Perhaps the leopard . "
tr	PRES	" That pretty much sums it up . "
tr	PRES	The jolly boat disappears in a shower of splinters .
tr	PRES	No complaints here . "
tr	PRES	She tries to process this second encounter with the mysterious psycho killer , as the news describes him , but ultimately feels more confused .
tr	PRES	After a while , he rises , excusing himself , probably to dispose of it .
tr	PRES	" No , " I sob .
tr	PRES	She stands up , offended .
tr	PAST	Nick 's head smacked against the tailgate .
tr	PRES	" Whatever happens within the walls of my establishment remains within and goes no further .
tr	PAST	But he faked his response to their embrace all the same , knowing it would distract his father as nothing else could .
tr	PRES	" THEN WHY DID YOU OPEN THE GATE ! "
tr	PAST	He instructed me to prepare myself to be as beautiful and alluring as I possibly could .
tr	PAST	But , as she knew from painful experience , after the orgasms faded , the broken heart lingered .
tr	PAST	" A video , too . "
tr	PRES	He glances down and laughs just a little before looking me right in the eye .
tr	PRES	" That about sums it up . "
tr	PAST	" You dreamed about Dewhurst ? "
tr	PRES	He sighs , rubbing his forehead .
tr	PAST	He leaped out of bed and ran to the door .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " as he ruthlessly hauled her to her feet .
tr	PRES	The next moment , he was on the ground , rolling and whimpering , fists pressed to his forehead .
tr	PAST	Then he had proceeded to lead me to his cabin .
tr	PAST	In this situation it only served to destroy what little night vision she had .
tr	PAST	Kate stomped down on her growing annoyance .
tr	PRES	I Love U. And then the subject line : You might have a match !
tr	PAST	A vast expanse of indigo replaced the hotel room around me .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my helmet and looked down at my camouflaged uniform .
tr	PRES	Doug hates it when I blame my mood shifts on hormones .
tr	PAST	Before the others could do anything , he disintegrated into a shadow and became one with the night .
tr	PRES	Derek carries Mara 's blood and the werewolf gene ... .
tr	PRES	" This is torture to me , " Jo mumbled climbing into the car .
tr	PRES	He no longer breathes . "
tr	PAST	" The realtor advised we make those replacements and try another month .
tr	PAST	" So you didn 't only breed him , you also messed with his DNA ? "
tr	PAST	Bax tipped his hat , " The name is , Fleming .
tr	PRES	His fingers ( two on his left hand are missing ) tremble as he ties the knots .
tr	PAST	Turning in rage at the werewolves , the king engaged in a fight that left him eternally debilitated .
tr	PAST	The eyes never closed , they merely dimmed .
tr	PRES	Detail every single one of your combat experiences here .
tr	PAST	The kids who had been holding hands collapsed , tired out by the effort of creating the blizzard .
tr	PAST	People walking by stared at the giant stuffed dog in my arms .
tr	PRES	That idiot Foreman was about a hundred metres away from me .
tr	PAST	" Amanda collected me early this morning ; I wouldn 't miss this for the world ! "
tr	PAST	Molly crawled back into bed and rested her chin on her knees .
tr	PRES	Despair and frustration threaten to rise up inside me , but I tamp them down .
tr	PAST	These posts and judgments wrecked me .
tr	PRES	Dham disappears into the back garden .
tr	PRES	" You ok , Matthew ? "
tr	PRES	You freaked me out .
tr	PRES	He enters with a cry and a thrust .
tr	PRES	My feet slap the floor and sound way too loud .
tr	PRES	Dad talks about the merger a lot .
tr	PAST	She squinted down at her wrist , trying to make out the miniature numbers on her uselessly elegant watch .
tr	PRES	She tries to sit up .
tr	PRES	Any appliance store sells them , however .
tr	PAST	" I proved that was true .
tr	PRES	Except , unlike you , I will make use of that power , take advantage of it ; savor it . "
tr	PRES	His nostrils flare like that of a bull .
tr	PAST	" Get down , " she hollered at the top of her lungs .
tr	PRES	" That 's where you 're wrong , " I snap coldly .
tr	PRES	" What vehicle ? "
tr	PRES	Caroline shone the light on the doll 's head .
tr	PRES	Did you decorate yourself ? "
tr	PAST	This puzzled young Nicolas .
tr	PAST	Her gaze flicked downward .
tr	PAST	Ethan steered over the curb and took the Bronco right up the sidewalk .
tr	PRES	" What bounty ? "
tr	PRES	Ahead the forest opens into a massive clearing , the ample sunlight hitting Link in short bursts as the tree 's branches conceal and reveal him .
tr	PAST	" Yes ... " The silhouette withdrew from the light .
tr	PRES	A gifted artist to have captured in ambiguous shapes that mixture of terror and joy the Blood felt when first entering the Dark Realm .
tr	PAST	If she faced Lorcan now , even if her body completely healed , he doubted she would defeat him .
tr	PAST	The ceiling , an unreal green blue with the constellations painted in thin gold lines , curved above me .
tr	PRES	The bike engine roars to life before I 've finished whispering .
tr	PAST	The truck rumbled down the road .
tr	PRES	He mumbled something that might 've been " thank you . "
tr	PAST	The fluorescent light above them revealed the brightness of his green eyes and the sharp points of his fangs .
tr	PAST	The bathroom shower running replaced the sounds of the waves crashing on the beach and she sat up in bed .
tr	PAST	I flicked the hard plastic with my fingers and dragged it across my skin .
tr	PRES	" He definitely likes you .
tr	PRES	I wash up following the guidelines on the poster then head to the nurses ' station .
tr	PRES	And he and Ms. T. ... they 're really ... ? "
tr	PAST	The responsive steed charged down the hillside .
tr	PRES	In my hand the spell remains dormant .
tr	PAST	His car chimed , jolting him back to the moment .
tr	PRES	' I 'm sorry , ' I sob . '
tr	PRES	Salah Al ' din bravely fights for what he believes in , and you are always there to support him without question .
tr	PRES	What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	This way , your little girl mourns , while you raise the babe with your love and happiness , Mama . "
tr	PAST	Checking my phone , I reread the texts I 'd sent Lucas earlier , and his replies .
tr	PAST	" Well , I thought I had been sleeping here for the whole day , " he lied .
tr	PAST	I shuffle toward the room where I was interrogated .
tr	PAST	When Rita came out the camper door wearing Kathy 's clothes , his mind revolted a little .
tr	PRES	He carries me like I weigh less than nothing .
tr	PRES	But the energy from a session like that just buzzes through the whole place .
tr	PRES	Shoes , socks , numerous tooth brushes , my mission backpack all met their demise at her hands .
tr	PAST	Cain sped up , anxious to have that blood burned away before full dark fell .
tr	PAST	The elevator buzzed impatiently and Jacqueline quickly stepped through , still holding the doors open with her arm .
tr	PAST	Not awaiting Ewan 's orders , Alaric charged forward , sending his horse into the drifts .
tr	PRES	" Everyone will know someone beat the shit out of you when you can 't go to work for a couple of weeks , you idiot . "
tr	PAST	Bran reappeared , completely unfazed by the dramatic events , curled up on Sibyl 's belly and Sibyl idly stroked his soft , fluffy fur .
tr	PAST	The police report revealed that John was found slumped over the wheel and his wife was ejected and decapitated when she hit a tree .
tr	PAST	Marta had already downed two flasks of ice cool water and was starting on her third .
tr	PRES	Rose grasps the glass and brings it to her nose , as if smelling it will tell her what 's in it .
tr	PAST	Though , Tiffany stole another hug from Xavier before prancing off .
tr	PRES	" Black ops . "
tr	PRES	" We all do , " Des announces from beside Lennox .
tr	PRES	Then I proceed to explain why -- and how -- my mother continues to let me down .
tr	PAST	So instead of Stinky curling into a circle like she normally would when she was in doubt , she urged Hailey to join her in looking .
tr	PRES	A smile that has no joy stretches my lips .
tr	PRES	Like a commission , you know , ' bro . "
tr	PRES	" She always wears it . "
tr	PAST	Nicole clutched the purse on her lap .
tr	PAST	I 'm sure we can find another way besides taking out a larger second mortgage or selling the ranch , " Mandy urged them .
tr	PRES	" Of course , " she hears herself reply .
tr	PRES	His hand begins moving a little faster , a little more ardently , his breathing heavier .
tr	PRES	" I 've already loved you twice , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	" Every so often , " I hedged .
tr	PRES	He hears me approaching and spins around to face me .
tr	PAST	Taro sensed her regret and hoped the designer bag would cheer her up .
tr	PRES	He begins stroking my hair .
tr	PAST	It sensed an awful lot of mess was heading its way .
tr	PRES	No use tempting the Fates .
tr	PRES	Then mumbled another thank you to Jase , before following her out of the room .
tr	PAST	In her sleep last night , she dreamed she 'd heard him say those three magic words .
tr	PRES	Her arms wove into each other across her chest as she took a deep breath .
tr	PRES	The gate creaks in protest as I try to open it .
tr	PAST	Renna scoffed into her whiskey glass .
tr	PAST	He jabbed a finger at Will .
tr	PAST	Or by deed . "
tr	PAST	' He never once uttered a coherent sound , Ancient One - until a few years back .
tr	PAST	But her eyes glowed with their own hidden pain and I knew she got it .
tr	PRES	" It 's not me he likes .
tr	PRES	It lets us be together .
tr	PRES	Hugh opens the door and walks outside , laughing .
tr	PAST	She froze , looking down at her , breathing hard .
tr	PRES	Not native Inuit , not French-Canadian and definitely not American .
tr	PAST	The giant bird shrieked and kicked off the ground .
tr	PRES	" She loves having you here .
tr	PAST	I messed up . "
tr	PRES	Men they trust . "
tr	PAST	And definitely tougher than my partner . "
tr	PRES	" Cloaking markers . "
tr	PRES	My mother snuck up behind me and reached her arm around me to shake his hand as well .
tr	PRES	Dominic chuckles to himself .
tr	PRES	" Yes , thank you , Arnold .
tr	PRES	Every time , she tries to hide it from me .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Russo ? "
tr	PAST	None attempted to interfere .
tr	PAST	As I ran across the lawn , my boots sloshed on the saturated grass .
tr	PRES	He slides his hand lower on my stomach and my body starts to tremble .
tr	PAST	He stares through the slash in his jeans , at his skin , where the wound has healed , but the stain of blood still remains .
tr	PRES	" Oh , whatever , come on , Ada .
tr	PRES	She reaches forward and turns the radio down .
tr	PRES	" The casket ? "
tr	PAST	Once inside , she stripped out of her jeans and climbed on the big bed .
tr	PRES	It all tastes like mud .
tr	PRES	Concrete bunker looking buildings that had been built back in the early seventies .
tr	PRES	I swim after him , then float just in front of him when he stops moving .
tr	PAST	The camera jiggled and zoomed several times before finally stabilizing on a crowded street corner .
tr	PRES	Many times she would tell her mother , and everyone else for that matter , lies about Sakura .
tr	PRES	B. Say , " Everybody gets cancer at some point .
tr	PAST	She practically accused me of assaulting Marita .
tr	PRES	" Someone fetch Audrey first . "
tr	PRES	" Phase two of the training program begins .
tr	PRES	" I like dreaming , Doctor Everett , " Warrior states , her tone ominous .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap to mine , but she says nothing .
tr	PAST	The light dimmed and wavered .
tr	PAST	Sometimes he even defeated the creatures in her nightmares .
tr	PAST	She ruffled his hair in answer and took the kettle off the stove .
tr	PRES	Dropping down without hesitation , the boy hears the faint whistle of an arrow scream overhead , stabbing into the wooden podium upon the altar .
tr	PRES	" How silly of me . "
tr	PAST	He adjusted the sling of his shotgun while ensuring there was a buckshot round in the chamber .
tr	PAST	' Truth , ' Evan concurred .
tr	PAST	With an agonized groan , he withdrew and then rocked forward , forcefully planting himself deeply within her .
tr	PAST	I motioned for him to turn off the light .
tr	PRES	Esme always points him out when she 's with me .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth as he slowly advanced , inch by inch .
tr	PAST	Setting off at a run , he chased after Mary .
tr	PAST	James pretended he did not hear her .
tr	PRES	Nothing definite , but I think everyone is scared from the top to the bottom . "
tr	PAST	She deepened the kiss in response .
tr	PRES	See , you scare them because your situation makes them think . "
tr	PAST	" Get on your horse and ride back to the castle , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	He motioned for the boy to come over .
tr	PAST	Slowly and irregularly the head unwound from the rest of it .
tr	PAST	Iona flicked her tongue over his nipple , liking how it tightened under her attention .
tr	PRES	Charlie mumbled as she turned to her side and vomited in the trashcan .
tr	PRES	Or some creep invading her privacy .
tr	PRES	This question brings back another round of painful memories as well .
tr	PRES	A voice whispers through the darkness .
tr	PRES	And after , we all celebrate .
tr	PRES	" Julie tends to make her decisions very quickly .
tr	PAST	She slapped one hand to her chest and whirled around to find him standing beside the cook island , watching her .
tr	PRES	" Oh , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Her fingers wove their way through his hair .
tr	PRES	" They 'll stop following you soon , " she offers , tilting her head toward Kevin .
tr	PAST	She quickly attempted to hook him mentally but she paid a small price for that .
tr	PRES	" She loves you . "
tr	PAST	This place provided him with a relatively safe environment , at least for the moment .
tr	PAST	She doubted The Book of the Dead would release her from its decree that she marry a royal mage .
tr	PAST	A moment of the loudest silence lingered , and then broke .
tr	PRES	The foul stench causes me to vomit again , but I don 't let go of the wriggling , furious demon .
tr	PRES	" Daniel ... " She sighs .
tr	PAST	She threaded her fingers through her hair and mashed the heels of her hands against her temples .
tr	PAST	A flame of hope ignited in Jenny 's eyes , then wavered .
tr	PAST	The tiger leaped straight from the riverbank at Monk .
tr	PRES	In order to see how this body functions ? "
tr	PAST	Rules actually created by man , in his foolish craving to understand something he could never fully comprehend . '
tr	PAST	When they woke , the roaches announced that Temp and Tick would be joining the quest .
tr	PRES	" You rebuilt your own engine ?
tr	PAST	Kim slapped her hand over her mouth .
tr	PRES	Gripping her hips , her lips part as her head falls back and she moans .
tr	PRES	He falls to his knees .
tr	PRES	A tone in Red 's mind signals an incoming transmission .
tr	PRES	Jack whispers to me , " Mom won 't let him eat hot dogs , so he has to sneak them . "
tr	PAST	Cassie ambled toward them .
tr	PRES	She snaps her finger .
tr	PRES	When she smiles shyly at me , I exhale .
tr	PAST	Mat crumpled into his chair .
tr	PRES	And Jill ... well , Jill likes you .
tr	PAST	As we walked out the front door of the building , they steered us toward a large white van that sat at the curb .
tr	PAST	Fear seized him , and he turned to flee , plans forgotten .
tr	PRES	The conversation , or lack of it , stretches out awkwardly between us .
tr	PRES	She pops open the glove box .
tr	PAST	Tom dreamed again that night as he slept restlessly on the cold floor .
tr	PAST	His mind sought for the right approach to take , but there was nothing he could come up with to protect her .
tr	PAST	Tegan limped over to me and bent to rest a comforting hand on my arm .
tr	PRES	" What the heck . "
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and if he could have seen her face right then he 'd have thought she was a volcano about to erupt .
tr	PAST	I obtained from my mother a respite of some weeks .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of Tristan , towering over him , and Tristan isn 't that short , which means the guy is tall .
tr	PRES	She belongs to me .
tr	PRES	His angry expression softens , and then he shoves my shoulder playfully .
tr	PAST	" Because I begged you to . "
tr	PRES	He giggles stepping out of the cell .
tr	PRES	" Of course , silly .
tr	PRES	At first Caleb tries to stand behind us , but Tobias pushes him forward , right up to the edge of the car .
tr	PRES	I recall that the prints on the car boot were strong but had areas with virtually no profile at all .
tr	PAST	She cringed to think what he kept in his living room or dining room , areas where they might have a place of honor !
tr	PRES	" Hot in there , " he states with a serious expression .
tr	PAST	The raid resulted in the arrest of 3 suspects in the recent crime spree that hit the Hollywood Hills and Griffith Park .
tr	PRES	" Well , " Shelton puffs .
tr	PAST	her mother screeched out of the iPhone .
tr	PRES	She eases the car into gear and slowly pulls out of the hotel parking garage .
tr	PRES	my dad returns , whirling unsteadily toward her , " You 're the lying , thieving whore - " " Emerson , no ! "
tr	PRES	" And if she kills you first ? "
tr	PAST	He tugged at a shirt cuff that refused to behave itself .
tr	PAST	His voice rasped in the cool night air .
tr	PRES	" Nice stew . "
tr	PRES	He leaned back , his arm resting on the top edge of the booth .
tr	PRES	" The hottest sex I 've ever had , " he agreed , " but now who 's lying , Mia ?
tr	PAST	Tex eyed me up and down .
tr	PAST	People panicked and screamed .
tr	PRES	Out of choices , Serena opens her mouth and sings , pleading for help .
tr	PAST	" And get this , I hacked her records , and she 's a literature major .
tr	PRES	A bit of light shone through a barred window .
tr	PAST	Gregori floated to the basement level , needing to distance himself from temptation .
tr	PAST	A thread bare carpet that shone a once regal pattern now supported the old man and his briefcase .
tr	PRES	She reaches down and pulls the book off her bottom shelf , " Hold this . "
tr	PAST	Emma froze and cocked her head .
tr	PRES	" I assume that your peers are gifted , capable doctors ? "
tr	PAST	And with that , he exited the parlor and the house , taking what little pleasure he could from slamming the door behind him as he left .
tr	PRES	No loud smack of a bullet , no scream .
tr	PRES	( 25 ) Jess stepped out of the bedroom first , surveying the hotel room .
tr	PRES	Her words pierce my heart like sharp black thorns , and the familiar darkness and despair threatens to overwhelm me .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , turning back to Lisbeth .
tr	PAST	But she quickly regained her confident demeanor and turned away .
tr	PAST	" Because you 're a horny dick and you need to get laid , " Lowe grunted at him .
tr	PRES	Something that kicked her heart rate even higher .
tr	PRES	She stops in front of the table and looks back over to me .
tr	PAST	She plopped the files down on my desk .
tr	PAST	Chewing on the pocketed bread and bean pulp , Harry had then spewed it out in self-induced heaving and gagging sessions .
tr	PRES	' I apologise , Mr Butterfield , I meant no disrespect but the official terminology for your friendship is known as an affair .
tr	PAST	The last thing he remembered as the void claimed him was the burning heat of a raging fire .
tr	PAST	My body vibrated with the realization of why we hadn 't used this bench yet nor done any intense spanking .
tr	PAST	Silence engulfed the prison .
tr	PRES	Gavin sees my expression and shrugs .
tr	PRES	Robbie tries to skewer a stray bean with his fork .
tr	PAST	He stormed in just as people were switching classes .
tr	PAST	I submitted it for her approval anyway , though , and ... uh ... well ... " " She rejected it ? "
tr	PRES	By doing so the dream stayed clear in every aspect she witnessed .
tr	PAST	Legend claimed that the holder of the eye would gain potent magic power , power that would let them invoke whatever they saw fit into this world .
tr	PRES	" He belongs to us . "
tr	PAST	" But ... " " But he 's under a lot of pressure at the moment , " the prayer ambassador surmised .
tr	PRES	When he lets go , the man falls away from us , into the cellar , as if he has no bones to support himself .
tr	PRES	That sensuous lower lip curved .
tr	PRES	Iron fey surrounded us , weird , crazy and nightmarish .
tr	PAST	' We might want to think about that a bit , ' I countered .
tr	PRES	When they need and take pretty much anyone that applies .
tr	PRES	Her voice carries like a funeral hymn throughout the facility .
tr	PAST	He trusted her judgment .
tr	PAST	Thomas turned to peer into her face , his expression puzzled .
tr	PAST	Pretty silly , don 't you think ? "
tr	PAST	He then proceeded to give directions .
tr	PAST	' He fled , certainly , ' said Aragorn , ' but not , I think , from Orcs . '
tr	PRES	God particles , maybe .
tr	PRES	Reece glances at me .
tr	PAST	I bounced into the kiosk , friendly as a puppy .
tr	PRES	Looks authentic , not a phantom or a replica ... He touched the plate , and it suddenly fell right into his arms .
tr	PRES	Clearly , the fleet stands at anchor awaiting something .
tr	PRES	BACK TO SCENE Jack wears a plaid kilt and continues to adjust the seat .
tr	PAST	Immediately the door chimed and Zack answered it .
tr	PAST	I cocked a brow in challenge .
tr	PAST	I awoke some time later on a hard bed with a thin sheet draped over my body .
tr	PRES	" Because he hates me ! "
tr	PRES	Forgot that you and Nicole had some words after what happened out at the falls a couple of years ago . "
tr	PAST	He cocked his gun three feet from Heinrich 's head .
tr	PRES	He pushes to his feet .
tr	PAST	Slowly she swirled her tongue around the morsel of food until his need bordered on pain .
tr	PRES	She pushes off the rocks and strokes effortlessly into the distance .
tr	PRES	A rather substantial ego . "
tr	PRES	I lean my cheek against the window while the blinking neon light of the motel sign washes over my eyes .
tr	PRES	" Were you eavesdropping on us ? "
tr	PRES	" What minister ? "
tr	PAST	" What -- don 't -- " I gasped , pushing him away , completely ambushed .
tr	PAST	" He destroyed a starship once , when the boss asked him .
tr	PAST	Just thinking of her and the pain she went through before the disease finally claimed her life caused emotion to well up inside me .
tr	PAST	His fingers circled her injured arm .
tr	PRES	" Gabriel , you idiot !
tr	PAST	His icy stare pierced through the former mentor that stood before him .
tr	PRES	Delete text message , delete text message , delete text message .
tr	PRES	Stronger and weaker exist in any group , but you 've clearly decided some kinds of humans are more important than others .
tr	PAST	Usually Mrs. Hastings pretended Spencer and her friends didn 't exist .
tr	PAST	The assembled dead cheered as the horse cantered in for a landing .
tr	PRES	" Bad vibes ? "
tr	PRES	He looked around , the carpet now whiter than before , but couldn 't find his dress shirt anywhere .
tr	PAST	But then she dismissed the thought .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Toni scooted closer to the desk and smiled , " I remember reading an old Wizard book with directions on how to get a wish fulfilled .
tr	PAST	As far as Joy was concerned , it resurrected far more questions than answers .
tr	PAST	" I will go , " volunteered a warrior , who was knotting a bandage about a slashed forearm .
tr	PRES	Connor 's hand on my shoulder stops me .
tr	PAST	" Come with me , sweetheart , " he instructed very gently and took Skyler 's hand in his , walking her to the den .
tr	PAST	His family provided the carriage without question , and it 's waiting here .
tr	PAST	A feeling of disappointment and disbelief tugged at his perceptions , threatening to topple over his ideals like an unbalanced block tower .
tr	PRES	Now she stands before me , calm and present in a way I had not imagined .
tr	PAST	Then again , I never dreamed that he was a Reaper or that my sister , Rebecca , had followed him down that path .
tr	PAST	She almost uttered the invitation , before she snapped out of her trance .
tr	PRES	The battle scars across her nose , cheek , and jaw only enhancing that beauty somehow .
tr	PAST	He claimed he had an early appointment at dawn and wanted to get his rest .
tr	PRES	" His crisis ? "
tr	PAST	She already adapted to Amy 's schedule , at least for the important events .
tr	PAST	Razvan crouched down in front of his daughter where Dimitri had helped her to sit in the grass .
tr	PAST	They ruled them as easily as humans ruled cats and dogs .
tr	PAST	She treated Roman 's stunned brother to her sweetest smile .
tr	PAST	The thought froze him momentarily .
tr	PAST	Noah crawled onto the bed with me as I backed toward the headboard .
tr	PRES	" At least from my perspective .
tr	PAST	My skin crawled at the thought and I stood up quickly .
tr	PRES	Turns out he was an alien . "
tr	PAST	I eyed her outfit again , wondering what motivation got you out of bed and into full dress and makeup on your day off .
tr	PRES	I have matches in a waterproof box , some things like that .
tr	PRES	I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PRES	The two of them together draws a lot of eyes . "
tr	PAST	I froze , slowly taking in his words .
tr	PAST	We are fuelling up and heading south ASAP , " instructed Carlos as he touched the helicopter down .
tr	PRES	" Uh huh , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Then he stops and shoots a look at Harry .
tr	PAST	I giggled , looking around the state-of-the-art kitchen .
tr	PAST	Focusing on the demon at least served as a distraction .
tr	PAST	Instantly asleep , she dreamed strange dreams for a while , but eventually fell into a deep slumber .
tr	PAST	Why you denying you scored when you got the proof in hand ? "
tr	PAST	His jaw clinched and his lips pursed together .
tr	PAST	high powered telescopes revealed evidence of water , atmosphere , and some forms of carbon based vegetation .
tr	PRES	Amy roller her eyes .
tr	PRES	" The phone cal ? "
tr	PRES	Even if he adds nothing to the product as a whole , he still carries enough weight to get people talking .
tr	PAST	He turned to her , dazed , , his fist still cocked in midair .
tr	PRES	He loves you , and he 's been honest about it .
tr	PAST	He twinkled as he walked .
tr	PRES	We huddle in a booth , order coffee , and while we dodge the waitress , we do the counting .
tr	PAST	Perry 's head tipped to the side , heavy and resigned .
tr	PRES	He stands next to me as we wait for the phone to charge .
tr	PRES	That brings us to Horace .
tr	PAST	It simply sniffed him .
tr	PAST	A clamor arose signifying that they all agreed .
tr	PAST	I stowed him alive with another in their crate . '
tr	PRES	" Mmm hmm , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	And she doubted there was .
tr	PAST	His hand circled her ankle where it was tucked up on the bed .
tr	PAST	The limousine , spinning out of control , smashed into a telephone pole and jolted to a stop .
tr	PAST	Chapter 5 After bidding Kaitlyn a reluctant good night , Zack willed himself to the city , which was roughly twenty miles from the casino .
tr	PAST	Agent Carter shuffled through his papers .
tr	PRES	Voices arguing , fading .
tr	PRES	" If you want , Scar .
tr	PRES	" Like what " Gary asked innocently .
tr	PRES	" Away from the door , Janelle . "
tr	PAST	Ryker smacked Nolen across the back of his head .
tr	PRES	" And Lexi ? "
tr	PAST	He always proceeded capably .
tr	PAST	The gremlin buzzed sadly but nodded .
tr	PRES	Abigail 's eyes shone with relief .
tr	PAST	She tugged at the dress self-consciously as the car rolled to a stop in front of the Montage .
tr	PAST	Ed shuffled across and put his huge head on Spike 's lap .
tr	PRES	Watching the shanty piece of craftsmanship slowly turn in his grasp , his mind remains blank , simply waiting for yet another day to pass .
tr	PRES	He tries to set you up with one of his friends .
tr	PAST	Has already solved the riddle .
tr	PRES	King Martin loves his brother greatly , and the two are perfectly content in their respective positions .
tr	PAST	I thanked her , even though it took all my restraint to not call her out on her lies about my brother .
tr	PRES	Either way , it kind of freaked me out .
tr	PRES	Barr 's prints all over it .
tr	PAST	The Darkness swirled around him .
tr	PRES	" I am , your Highness .
tr	PRES	" Selene uses all of her vampires to her will . "
tr	PAST	More lead urged them on their way .
tr	PRES	" Great lets go . "
tr	PRES	Oliver tries to reason with him .
tr	PRES	She likes mushy stuff and gets all bent out of shape if there 's an explosion or anything .
tr	PRES	That almost indescribable quality that makes another man step back and a woman 's glance linger .
tr	PRES	Inside the closet , Jim flips on the light and they closely examine the cable connections .
tr	PAST	I freaked out tonight because I was already upset , Ethan .
tr	PAST	She slapped me lightly on the chest .
tr	PAST	The growing light revealed other American and New Zealand troops around him .
tr	PRES	" Can you teach me ? "
tr	PAST	I scooted a glass over to Pris and murmured .
tr	PRES	Tick shone the light on the silver tube still clasped in his other hand .
tr	PAST	" Hey , now , " Sali slapped Dori 's leg playfully .
tr	PAST	Mind you , they are somewhat bigger now than they are on there , " joked Chives .
tr	PAST	" I 'll go first , " Madeline volunteered .
tr	PRES	" Marjorie Tench ? "
tr	PAST	I glided out of the living room , my feet on the ground , but I didn 't feel the steps .
tr	PRES	He 'll probably eat it right up , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Riley throws a straw at my head .
tr	PRES	" While I am truly honored -- " Ricardo sighed .
tr	PRES	Maggie flips over , and Pete laughs .
tr	PAST	A powerful bleach smell lingered around the toilets .
tr	PRES	He was leaning over , his forearms resting on his thighs , fingers laced .
tr	PRES	The death of Ethan Chase brings with it a storm unlike any Faery has seen , and in the eye of the hurricane stands your son . "
tr	PRES	He reclaimed his sword long enough to slice , slice , removing both of their heads .
tr	PAST	Dean 's chest inflated .
tr	PRES	We only differ on the time frame . "
tr	PAST	She strapped on the large pistol , and then hid the smaller gun in the bedroom closet again .
tr	PRES	Everything , including his heart , freezes .
tr	PRES	I recall vividly seeing its long gray whiskers , and a long gray tail , and a pink nose , " fingering the wall .
tr	PRES	Dane removes a few from the package and walks over to Henderson .
tr	PAST	Lexi swiped the tears that had nothing to do with the musical away , just as the lights dimmed .
tr	PAST	Ready to obey , Bowe plunged into the jungle .
tr	PAST	I stormed out of the townhouse , surprised to feel the sting of tears in my eyes .
tr	PRES	A dark-skinned man with a gun in hand approaches Marcus 's window .
tr	PAST	They leaped as though they had hooves instead of feet , and seemed to wear a sort of wig or headpiece with small horns .
tr	PRES	Larry joined us a few minutes later , her long dark hair still damp from her shower .
tr	PRES	That explains his appearance .
tr	PAST	I dialed her phone and then I waited .
tr	PAST	They crawled single file through the grass .
tr	PRES	Then your punishment begins .
tr	PRES	Above all else , warn Longshot what 's coming .
tr	PAST	His sadness and depression stole away as the sun rose , and was replaced with a steely resolve .
tr	PRES	In doing you can do naught but fail , for power belongs to One only . '
tr	PRES	The light above was pale and cold , the air itself frosty .
tr	PAST	As the years came and went , he often marveled at the trust the king had put in these people .
tr	PAST	The small , hesitant voice floated down the stairs .
tr	PRES	Jackson chuckles , " True , true .
tr	PRES	He slows as we approach Logan .
tr	PAST	The creature retreated , closing its golden eyes .
tr	PAST	Body parts , crawling , writhing , moving about , as though charged with some weird energy .
tr	PRES	Aimee frowns as she puts on the gloves .
tr	PAST	Several small creatures -- childlike , pale , and naked -- cowered in the corner .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	" I have it , I have it , " Roxy 's eyes shone .
tr	PAST	He hopped up , grabbed the lowest branch and started pulling himself up .
tr	PAST	We are losing hull strength , " the Mirage reported .
tr	PAST	You handled that witness well .
tr	PAST	She eyed him thoughtfully for a moment .
tr	PAST	He painted the club for two beers .
tr	PRES	" It never pays to be slow on Renaissance . "
tr	PRES	The moon shone bright for a second illuminating ' snake arms ' waving frantically and shouting at the men in the village .
tr	PRES	My skin tingles where he touched me .
tr	PAST	She snaked her hands behind his neck again and pulled him in for a kiss .
tr	PRES	Water drips down his hair and his face , pooling on his eyelashes .
tr	PRES	He glances at his watch with a frown .
tr	PRES	You value your skin too much to make an enemy of me . "
tr	PAST	Succubus , the word floated through my mind in a toxic fashion .
tr	PAST	I tugged at Maximus 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	I grunted , bringing it into the living room .
tr	PRES	" I will be , sis .
tr	PRES	I recall her statement about not having electricity .
tr	PAST	I prayed harder , and laid my hands on the man 's cooling skin .
tr	PAST	The astringent smell of brandy unexpectedly assaulted her .
tr	PRES	A lump in my throat chokes me , leaving me short of breath .
tr	PAST	Buster wagged his tail slightly .
tr	PRES	He whispers the last part , and I have to lower myself to the floor , not sure I can stand anymore .
tr	PRES	" Good gods . "
tr	PRES	" Looks good so far .
tr	PRES	She opens up a window and drags it over to where we can all see it on the big screen .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around my waist and clings to me as if for dear life .
tr	PRES	She averted her gaze , unable to linger in his for long .
tr	PAST	Now he feared she was in shock .
tr	PAST	He glided through the fizzing water , hands out to his sides .
tr	PAST	If he was also bankrolling the odd purchase of voodoo paraphernalia or other items , Mike preferred not to know about it .
tr	PAST	Gold mirrors and vibrant portraits adorned the walls , and the soft , welcoming lighting was provided by a series of simple chandeliers and wall lamps .
tr	PAST	Logan stares into me with that deer in the headlights look .
tr	PAST	My body vibrated , resonating with emotion .
tr	PRES	' Should I hide this birthmark , Aunt Pol ? '
tr	PRES	" I will be glad to make any compensation to Sir George 's family by purchasing the ship or the cargo it carries .
tr	PRES	" And , " Kit continued , " observe my brother , Dirk , over yonder . "
tr	PRES	He pushes himself up and glides like smoke , shooting , dodging and shooting again , while I run to the next room .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , Maggie .
tr	PAST	Bob stated his case and it wasn 't too hard to imagine how the others would react .
tr	PRES	The sentence remains unfinished .
tr	PRES	She points her index fingers at me .
tr	PAST	What tipped them off ?
tr	PAST	A squirrel hopped up onto the screen in front of my face .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER ELEVEN Rest Easy It was dark with night the next time she awoke .
tr	PRES	He remembers having heard guys refer to her as Marie Melons .
tr	PAST	He came closer , his hands resting on her hips as he looked down at her .
tr	PAST	" I 'm going to risk the lights , " Holt announced .
tr	PRES	He shudders , then picks himself up again .
tr	PAST	They trudged on to the woodpile and lifted the cover .
tr	PAST	I bounced a little on my feet .
tr	PRES	I teach English , too .
tr	PRES	I brought my hands back to his shoulders , his words sobering .
tr	PRES	" Is any of this ringing a bell ? "
tr	PAST	Nat 's smile faltered , and Sarah added , " For real . "
tr	PRES	He mumbled something about seeing Carl tomorrow and headed out of the hospital .
tr	PAST	Large shoulder pads extended down the side of her arm to the elbow .
tr	PRES	" Know ye this day who is Master !
tr	PRES	Like any woman , I hunger for love , marriage , a family .
tr	PRES	He strokes me gently , occasionally clamping down so tight that his nails dig into my tender flesh .
tr	PRES	Sweeping the boy 's spare leg off the ground , Sheik immediately flips up onto his torso in a handstand while he tumbles horizontally .
tr	PRES	Kai holds the ship steady , waiting for me to parse the pulses and translate them to distance in straight space .
tr	PRES	The Tahoe 's door opens , and Colonel Rosso slowly emerges .
tr	PAST	A gasp of pain proved to Ambrose that Anna , too , was new at this , and then she began to convulse in his arms .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here Ms. Lockhart ? "
tr	PRES	" Miss Newberry ? "
tr	PRES	Everyone stil snuck off and hooked up with everyone .
tr	PRES	" But he really misses you .
tr	PAST	He snaked his hand under her ass , palming her perfect , smooth skin .
tr	PAST	We secured the station ... yet he slipped through our net . '
tr	PRES	In case I tire . "
tr	PRES	" But this helps against outside forces . "
tr	PAST	Jason selected five rocks of similar size .
tr	PAST	Zane tipped his head to one side and shrugged , then gripped the hem of his shirt .
tr	PAST	Born powered off his gravity suit and painstakingly proceeded to remove it .
tr	PRES	" What , he was too old for teddy bears ? "
tr	PAST	" It was in March , " Neil lied .
tr	PRES	Ed sees the markings on the man 's chest , confirming what he already knew .
tr	PRES	" The home belongs to Rex . "
tr	PRES	" May I assume the voice no longer speaks to you , Mr. Lyons ? "
tr	PRES	For a quick swim ? "
tr	PRES	The door opens , and a sliver of light tumbles into the room .
tr	PAST	He saluted the watching passengers in a casual manner and then disappeared toward the captain 's lookout .
tr	PRES	I spare him a glance and see he 's got two bells , one in each hand and is ringing them in a complex pattern .
tr	PAST	Nick slapped my hand away .
tr	PAST	Angry butterflies exploded in Dean 's gut , turning his insides to mush .
tr	PRES	He contented himself to watch her embark from a distance .
tr	PRES	" Listen , you selfish little bastard , all I want for you is success .
tr	PRES	" It actually explains a lot . "
tr	PRES	He stops pacing and turns toward me .
tr	PAST	Water exploded up out of the tub as their impact crushed its nearer side flat against the other .
tr	PAST	The generator 's roar muted a little as the line shuffled forward .
tr	PRES	Usually you reserve judgment until you 've been around someone , until you 've seen their true character . "
tr	PRES	The soldiers rumble and hiss .
tr	PRES	Remembering the images on the monitor in the Security Division , Daniel begins to laugh .
tr	PRES	Gabe glances in the room and wrinkles his nose .
tr	PRES	Michael begins to wear out his opponent as e ´ s gotten even faster .
tr	PAST	" The better to screw you with , my dear . "
tr	PAST	A thunderous roar exploded like cannon fire .
tr	PAST	" How cliche , little partner .
tr	PAST	Any note I had passed , Talbott destroyed .
tr	PAST	Having extracted a cigarette from his cigarette case , he rummaged around in his pocket for a box of matches .
tr	PRES	Drake folds his arms .
tr	PRES	Lennox hears it too because he lets out a frustrated groan .
tr	PRES	Probably pays for those meals as well . "
tr	PAST	Eloy gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	The dial tone buzzed , clicked , and buzzed again .
tr	PRES	" What about snacks for the car ? "
tr	PAST	Once again I stripped my clothing .
tr	PAST	At the mention of her brother 's name , I tensed my by body and jaw .
tr	PRES	A drop of nectar slides onto the tip of her finger .
tr	PAST	She stomped back to her chair and flung herself into it .
tr	PRES	I 'm losing my mind , " she mumbled and rubbed her face .
tr	PAST	At least , they " d like everyone to think so .
tr	PAST	Giselle reported an incoming ship from the direction they had just come from .
tr	PAST	Catching his eye through the large glass window that separated his office from the rest of the outer office , I motioned him over .
tr	PRES	" It talks here about casting a circle for protection . "
tr	PAST	Once the last light downstairs was extinguished , my agony as well as blood pressure heightened .
tr	PAST	He charged across the floor and pulled her back against his chest .
tr	PAST	" Nice to meet you , Judd .
tr	PRES	One of the boys murmurs some last taunt to his brother , which is followed by an oof after the offended party throws something at him .
tr	PAST	She froze , unable to think .
tr	PRES	" Here you go , sweetie .
tr	PRES	They sell cars for insurance companies , dealerships , banks .
tr	PAST	Closing his eyes for a second , he willed his insides to settle .
tr	PAST	The childish gesture of trust disarmed her .
tr	PAST	" Got news for you .
tr	PAST	Josie wagged a finger .
tr	PRES	All timelines exist simultaneously .
tr	PAST	Zeke plopped down next to me and stretched out his lanky legs .
tr	PRES	She lay there , facing the wall , her eyes unblinking .
tr	PRES	Dirt and some gravel .
tr	PAST	She flattened herself against the wall , her mind thundering : Safe !
tr	PAST	I trusted Sherbet , certainly , but he was only one man , and Simi Valley was not his beat , not by a long shot .
tr	PAST	Ted 's stomach churned , but he knew he couldn 't turn away .
tr	PAST	Then she thanked Anna 's parents and took Gabriel 's hand .
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " I mumbled , stepping inside and walking faster .
tr	PRES	It approaches and Azrael draws his sword .
tr	PAST	It writhed like it was alive , and it moved across the ground to join the puddle from where the girl had been vomited .
tr	PAST	( He yawned . )
tr	PRES	I hiss through my teeth .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on my shoes before it traveled upward again .
tr	PRES	" Whoa , " breathes Eight .
tr	PAST	He withdrew back into the shadows again , but his presence lingered .
tr	PAST	And he feared the children would suffer even worse .
tr	PRES	She inhales a long draw from the cigarette , leaving a path of red ashes .
tr	PAST	Edwin gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at me .
tr	PAST	The page reloaded and displayed all the account information for the coin as well as the latest transactions .
tr	PAST	" See , that doesn 't make sense to me , " Frank countered .
tr	PRES	My thoughts trickle , spill , then flood .
tr	PRES	Criminals prey on women living alone .
tr	PRES	" You scare me . "
tr	PAST	" So you see , Dad , Xavier does understand , " stated Selena .
tr	PAST	" Oh ... " Pasha lingered , slapping his empty pockets .
tr	PAST	I pretended to be clueless even though my breathing was ragged and I was suddenly hot all over .
tr	PAST	Soraya yawned again , " It 's not .
tr	PRES	Vin froze , crouching , the night breezes blowing a wall of mist across her .
tr	PRES	His brother and sisters chatter amongst themselves excited for his upcoming adventure .
tr	PAST	The images sped past him , as he slowed down .
tr	PAST	" I ... " Cheyenne sniffed .
tr	PRES	On impulse , before I can think the better of it , I lean forward and kiss him .
tr	PAST	Doc recruited us because we 've all talked about seeing the stars at some point or another .
tr	PRES	" It falls in with Reasoning . "
tr	PRES	I hesitate , then nod .
tr	PAST	They prayed , staring into the dancing flames for a long notch .
tr	PAST	" Yes , we 're going to be okay , " he lied .
tr	PAST	Taylor reiterated , getting the conversation swiftly back on track .
tr	PAST	Verity stifled a groan and finished drying herself .
tr	PAST	I whipped my head back around to regard her .
tr	PAST	I slowed down , still trying to decide how to behave to him .
tr	PRES	25 SOUND BITES " Uh , hello ? "
tr	PRES	She points to Kiersten who is seated on the other edge of the booth and Kiersten shakes her head , too .
tr	PRES	And again , I crushed it remorselessly .
tr	PRES	" So sing to me . "
tr	PAST	He supported her , nevertheless .
tr	PAST	Her heart shattered as she met Liam 's tender gaze .
tr	PRES	She beamed , " Thanks Dad !
tr	PRES	" Not all police departments communicate as well as they should .
tr	PRES	But such naked treason against my grandfather deserves death . "
tr	PRES	I wipe tears from my cheeks with the heels of my hands and struggle to control my shuddering breaths .
tr	PAST	I exhaled in a grunt .
tr	PRES	" The ground freezes like iron in winter .
tr	PAST	Vicious little pincers jabbed through the plastic , searching eagerly for prey .
tr	PRES	Can you not simply teach me and have done with ? '
tr	PAST	" Meeting dismissed . "
tr	PAST	Names and titles all jumbled together .
tr	PAST	Grandma always claimed that people paid her as much for her appearance as for what she revealed to them .
tr	PRES	Sarcasm drips from my voice .
tr	PAST	Four pillars supported the entrance , stretching up to the triangular roof , with balconies all along the higher levels .
tr	PRES	" My offer , however , still stands .
tr	PRES	I disagree when it comes to this house .
tr	PAST	Bo cocked his head and listened , as did I .
tr	PAST	Chase threaded his fingers through hers .
tr	PRES	The children wiggle their eerie glowing naked fingernails and toenails of white on different shaped appendages signifying the funny story and possessing the Touch mark .
tr	PAST	Having satisfied Keynes , he shuffled himself slowly backwards until his position on the deck was more secure , and curled into a heap .
tr	PAST	He treated Dad and I so differently . "
tr	PRES	Antonio replied , his face inscrutable .
tr	PAST	Dreamer countered , and Agnes laughed as she lowered her wand .
tr	PAST	' Oh , Celine , you 're so grounded , ' Jennifer chided . '
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	" Sleep tight Mo. " I nodded , emotions clogging my throat .
tr	PRES	" Too many curves . "
tr	PAST	Spencer wriggled out of his grip .
tr	PRES	" And if you lose it , you manufacture more . "
tr	PRES	When she didn 't budge , he shouted again , " Chey ! "
tr	PRES	" You steal my breath . "
tr	PAST	He regarded me coolly , face perfectly at ease .
tr	PAST	No more than an hour of streaming video or one thousand stills collected .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to take my hand in his .
tr	PAST	She swiped the tears off her cheeks and curled the tissue Max gave her into her fist .
tr	PAST	" Victory , " the man scoffed .
tr	PAST	By our laws , you acted within your rights .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with something around his neck area .
tr	PAST	It transformed his face .
tr	PAST	I retreated back , sliding down the floor as the strings began to tangle around arms .
tr	PAST	His thumb caressed the skin under my ear and I had to tamp down on the urge to shiver , both at his touch and his words .
tr	PAST	Max trusted me , and I let him down . "
tr	PRES	He flips up a corner of the rug with the toe of his Converse , then edges it back down " It 's probably nothing .
tr	PRES	He passes me by and doesn 't help me to my feet as I was oddly expecting him to .
tr	PRES	When the energy reached level two Mother accessed Weapons .
tr	PAST	I vibrated with anger , anxiety , fear , and frustration .
tr	PRES	An image of a tiny newborn with bright blue eyes and an infectious dimpled smile washes through my mind .
tr	PAST	Louisa sniffed resolutely and turned away .
tr	PAST	Despite the howling wind , Pete ranged ahead along the fence .
tr	PRES	The metal scraps that littered the yard were aged , rusting .
tr	PRES	At the top of his ladder with his supplies he begins to spray and polish the glass , wiping off dust , grease and film .
tr	PRES	" He loves you too much . "
tr	PRES	Dr. Aldridge opens a drawer .
tr	PRES	He helps me into the bed , and I feel the pain of all that 's happened today .
tr	PAST	Eric and Kyle dove through the hatch .
tr	PAST	The flat square top bore a single white object , a small marble figurine of a man weeping .
tr	PAST	Not chancing lying twice , she commenced with her plan .
tr	PAST	Richard reprimanded him , ' Don 't let that happen again .
tr	PRES	The blackness releases its hold on me silently and I groan as I am thrown onto a white , tiled floor .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , clapping her hands together .
tr	PAST	His eyes pierced into mine .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and dunk my entire head so that I may wash it , too .
tr	PRES	The skin splits with relative ease and I fashion two wraps , one for each of the two steaks .
tr	PAST	" We need to get him to a healer , " Cass stated .
tr	PRES	" You 're one to talk , " I retort .
tr	PRES	Nora 's head snaps up .
tr	PRES	" Don 't take me for a fool , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	The rain and lightning merely tickled his bare skin .
tr	PAST	" Not so strange , " Paul stated .
tr	PRES	He hates dealing with Adderley Farm even though the old boy 's gone . '
tr	PRES	The Guidebook clearly states that you must be in a calm and placid frame of mind when hopping dimensions ! "
tr	PRES	" Yeah , I already thought of that , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	Felix 's face soured .
tr	PRES	He flicks a hand at me .
tr	PAST	He sniffed slightly , as if he were tired , or maybe a little under the weather .
tr	PRES	The World War II memorial plaque . "
tr	PRES	" Luca Lowell . "
tr	PAST	Hanna pretended to be fascinated with the ice cubes in her glass , not wanting to meet Mike 's eye .
tr	PAST	I ... will ... never ... " I fell to my knees and grabbed them , rocking back and forth , my breathing jagged between my cries .
tr	PAST	Boy Willie grunted as they heaved the wheelchair through a particularly deep drift .
tr	PAST	Avery thanked him and introduced the newest member of .
tr	PAST	And in spite of herself , Maya sniffed the Christmassy scent of them , and felt her spirits rise .
tr	PRES	It belongs in a church . "
tr	PRES	The sounds of the war drums , grew louder , as they were struck with a savage fury .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded in her head , and then the world went black .
tr	PAST	His eyes glowed a warm gold .
tr	PAST	She dared not turn on the running lights for a few miles .
tr	PAST	I sensed that all it needed was an access route , a way through the barrier . "
tr	PRES	As soon as I touch Ella 's shoulder , an image pops into my mind .
tr	PAST	I freaking worshipped that woman .
tr	PAST	Many of them referred to me as ' Dr. Martin ' and I was treated in all ways as an individual worthy of the highest respect .
tr	PAST	With a snarl of impatience , he padded behind a hay bale and shifted , careful to remain hidden from the passing cars .
tr	PAST	In the bathroom , Lolly tensed up .
tr	PAST	" Thirteen , " I countered .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , bitterness and dejection ambushed him as if they 'd never subsided .
tr	PAST	She clutched at me like I was a lifeline , like if she let go of me she would collapse on the ground .
tr	PAST	Reaching up , Trevor squirted the window with the fluid and it vanished .
tr	PAST	Peter inhaled too deeply from the pipe and had to cough .
tr	PAST	Emma unfolded the dress and held it in front of her .
tr	PRES	The outer wall of layered brick rises skyward into oblivion .
tr	PRES	" Is anybody really ' normal ' ever ? "
tr	PRES	... you crave more . "
tr	PAST	His obvious suspicion created a marked hesitancy .
tr	PRES	Over dinner , Luca talks about the problems with his contractors .
tr	PRES	Every conflict bears a price ; the wise king weighs that price beforehand and waits as it shows its result .
tr	PRES	The fact remains that a dalliance with you could destroy his future . "
tr	PRES	He flashes those winning dimples at her but then he 's immediately back to the game , studying the shot , obviously disinterested in her .
tr	PRES	His hands wrap around my waist , his talented fingers sneaking inside my waistband to rub against the sensitive skin of my stomach .
tr	PAST	The vet eyed Todd .
tr	PAST	I leaped onto the bed and almost made it to the other side , but his hand snagged my ankle and jerked me back .
tr	PAST	The thought pierced her with a sadness as if she were remembering someone who had died .
tr	PAST	The dotted yellow line painted down its center is inconsistent , an afterthought , apparently , a suggestion rather than a law .
tr	PAST	Cowboy retreated not a step .
tr	PRES	A knowing smile slides across his lips , causing heat to creep along my cheeks .
tr	PRES	He wishes us to be reminded who it is who has the power . "
tr	PRES	" How solid ? "
tr	PAST	I twirled a hand in the air to indicate the space .
tr	PRES	" Some people value sentiment over diamonds , Jessamine . "
tr	PAST	The yelling of the approaching mob ceased .
tr	PRES	She reaches over and puts her hand over mine and hers is pale against my darker skin .
tr	PAST	Derek lingered in the shadows , enjoying the quiet of the night .
tr	PAST	" He also claimed you couldn 't stand the sight of me because - " A muscle ticked in Lucas 's angular jaw .
tr	PRES	I can tell , she hates the guy but she 's trying to flirt with him . "
tr	PAST	He flicked another pebble off the wall .
tr	PAST	Heat exploded in liquid bursts deep inside of her as he came , tossing her even higher .
tr	PRES	The main in plain clothes whispered one short sentence which made the umpire sullenly bow his head .
tr	PAST	It sensed a threat as I was connecting with you and took over .
tr	PRES	" A sentry ! "
tr	PAST	He tugged gently on her hair , but firmly enough to make her release him .
tr	PAST	Luckily , the forbidden promise of ice cream for dinner prevented a fit at their abrupt departure from the lake .
tr	PRES	You mingle with the movers and shakers .
tr	PAST	" He never claimed mastery , though he makes some beautiful things . "
tr	PAST	And , being humans , instead of trying to understand it , they feared it .
tr	PRES	I immediately yell , " Shotgun ! "
tr	PRES	Anxiety begins to twist around my gut .
tr	PAST	Emotion overflowed from them , a flood of misery and love and devotion .
tr	PAST	But she desired that approval above all else .
tr	PRES	" We 'll get you a different magazine with a pretty girl , " the guy tries .
tr	PRES	Chainsaw and I snuck off school property during lunch and raced down the hill to the beach , where we plastered the pier with my ad .
tr	PAST	He advanced a step and ignored the perfume of Kelly 's shampoo mingling with perspiration , so close to the scent of sex .
tr	PAST	" You volunteered for this , and she paid good money for you . "
tr	PAST	They chased new inventions that became a rapid occurrence with the intense competition of intellectually modified individuals .
tr	PAST	Her breathing sped up until she was gasping with every thrust .
tr	PRES	Oh , he blames himself too . "
tr	PAST	She tugged the petals free and stuffed them down into the leather pouch .
tr	PRES	He really likes you ... " She grins , looking into her coffee cup .
tr	PRES	" What about Elspeth ?
tr	PRES	" He slides through their fingers like smoke . "
tr	PRES	A Dauntless man pushes a gun barrel into the back of my neck .
tr	PRES	We snuck up to her room and started getting ' it on . "
tr	PAST	For one thing , I already trusted you in a completely intimate way .
tr	PRES	Regardless of her lack of training , Casey didn 't just mimic the moves , she danced them .
tr	PRES	" Are you sure , miss ... , " she frowns at the far wall .
tr	PAST	Lance swiped at the tears that had escaped down my cheek .
tr	PRES	" Not so hot , Sheriff Kane .
tr	PAST	I stiffened and held my breath as she lunged for his throat .
tr	PAST	" Come on , Coop , " I urged , tugging his leash .
tr	PAST	If anything , her aunt and uncle prevented her from interacting with others .
tr	PRES	Victoria wears her mask .
tr	PRES	I exhale then gently touch Trig .
tr	PAST	Hands fisted at his side , he demanded , " Who the hell are you , anyway ? "
tr	PRES	When I 'm on the water , all business stops .
tr	PAST	My brain conjured up all kinds of scenarios .
tr	PAST	Her body was wracked with her tears , tears wrought by something far beyond her confession , something deeper , more painful .
tr	PRES	" But it occurs to me that you practice avoidance better than anyone I 've ever known . "
tr	PRES	The sparking portal flashes and extinguishes .
tr	PRES	Rather than honor her request for ' space , ' I lean into her even further and part her lips with mine .
tr	PAST	She dismissed the riches he offered with a wave of her hand .
tr	PAST	She pondered how she could make his lonely , forthcoming journey more painful .
tr	PAST	One night when Johnny phoned from Alabama , Linda enquired as to Johnny 's sex life .
tr	PRES	" Who stops by your office , Helen ? "
tr	PRES	The violet eye of the nightlight shone softly down .
tr	PAST	The computer savant eyed him across the table .
tr	PRES	' My entire life flashing before my eyes ? '
tr	PAST	I froze the muscles on my face into an emotionless gaze so no one would see the terror surging inside of me .
tr	PRES	At the small of my back , a five-inch scar was sealed with scabs and plastic strips , a deep violet bruise blooming around the incision .
tr	PAST	" She crawled in my lap like a cat . "
tr	PAST	Utterly flustered , I faltered ; whatever response I had been about to verbalize died in my throat .
tr	PAST	I stormed forward , pushing my way through the crowd .
tr	PRES	" The king invites me ? "
tr	PRES	He talks a lot in my direction , but his eyes keep moving to her face , gauging her reactions .
tr	PAST	Underneath , something glowed through my flesh .
tr	PRES	Khloe loves it and it seems to me that it should be good for her gross motor skill development .
tr	PRES	Passion and just a hint of something more dangerous shone down at her and Tula 's stomach erupted with a swarm of what felt like bees .
tr	PAST	She hopped out of her truck , slammed the door shut and practically skipped up the steps to the front porch .
tr	PRES	" With the power a child brings to you .
tr	PRES	I hesitate only for a moment before I step over the threshold .
tr	PRES	No , she can 't be alive , everything points to her being dead . "
tr	PAST	' No one ever died of delayed concussion , at least that I ever heard of , ' uttered the hidden Sullivan .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand , hoping he wouldn 't notice its trembling .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to see him and hurried toward the emergency exit , which was now closed .
tr	PAST	He had inched a little closer .
tr	PRES	The chips scratch my throat going down , and I cough .
tr	PAST	Tristan eyed Conrad suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked Hanna 's eyes .
tr	PAST	I went over to Longshot after he settled against the wagon , Old Girl propped across one arm .
tr	PAST	My coughing lessened , too , though I still couldn 't seem to draw enough air into my lungs .
tr	PRES	This time I noticed the dates in the date column were in the date ranges I had searched .
tr	PRES	If he swung I smack it aside and smash his knees .
tr	PAST	" Dammit , I told you to put me down , " she rasped .
tr	PAST	Nadezhda reciprocated the feelings of only one person .
tr	PRES	She falls sick on the third day .
tr	PRES	She points just shy of the piano .
tr	PAST	As they left , Lori emerged from a nearby conference room carrying her purse and coat .
tr	PAST	No Tooth 's eyes squinted into a glare .
tr	PAST	She seized on a bit of news she hadn 't told him , smiling brightly as she delivered it .
tr	PRES	he commanded through reddened eyes , his cheeks damp .
tr	PRES	" Are you married , Leo ? "
tr	PAST	He lessened his grip , allowing her to breathe again .
tr	PAST	* * * Curled on the sofa with Bella 's head on her lap , Jo flicked through the stations on the TV .
tr	PRES	I conclude without a shadow of doubt in my voice .
tr	PAST	" You lied . "
tr	PRES	" He wants you dead , which I will do , " she hisses .
tr	PRES	" I already have , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	He stops above a little spot on her neck .
tr	PRES	Whoever wears a Talisman half cannot be harmed by it so long as they carry a ' key ' .
tr	PRES	He snaps it shut and buckles the latches .
tr	PAST	Simone stiffened , attention totally on me now .
tr	PAST	The smile on her face matched the smile in her picture I.D. And she waved it at us proudly .
tr	PAST	Luke sighted along the barrel of the rifle .
tr	PAST	Nash 's inky eyes bore holes into mine and , for a second , I think he 's going to tell me something .
tr	PAST	A half smile curved his lips .
tr	PAST	She indulged in a sentimental smile .
tr	PAST	But they cremated him and all I have left of him are his ashes . "
tr	PAST	And the dancers matched , perhaps even outshone , the exquisite setting .
tr	PAST	The muscular islander dove and narrowly avoided the glob of blood that splashed onto the rock wall behind where he just stood .
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath , Nicole willed her feet to carry her through the door and into Stephan 's office .
tr	PRES	" Du n no with what . "
tr	PRES	But just as I 'm on the brink , my body arching as much as it can , he slows down again .
tr	PAST	The light in his eyes dimmed .
tr	PAST	He stripped her of everything .
tr	PRES	He lays me back in the bed , lying between my legs as he trails kisses down my neck and back up again .
tr	PRES	Using both hands , he begins to swiftly strip away the thin patina of muscles and veins covering his body .
tr	PRES	He lets out a sigh .
tr	PRES	" He lets me see the pictures . "
tr	PAST	She exclaimed , grabbing them from my hands defensively .
tr	PAST	This man proved to be Fletcher 's second .
tr	PAST	At four on the dot Max buzzed the apartment .
tr	PAST	His lips tickled her ear as he finally guided Willow out of the center of the floor towards the edge .
tr	PAST	Great forges of molten metal glowed far away .
tr	PAST	The cell phone 's screen glowed green .
tr	PRES	" Jeez , Winkler , you could cave in , " I teased .
tr	PRES	" Find a way to declare Goliath ... " Max 's eyes widened .
tr	PAST	When at last he 'd caught his breath , Royce regarded her with a tender smile filled with admiration .
tr	PRES	She begins to put the arrow in the quiver but he stops her .
tr	PAST	Once more , he sought to reassure her .
tr	PRES	One of Micha 's songs plays from my iPod dock , and my heart dances to the rhythm as I sing the lyrics under my breath .
tr	PRES	Mason glances at me and then back to the screen .
tr	PAST	She scoffed at the notion .
tr	PRES	" Not that I recall .
tr	PAST	He wriggled over my flailing body until his weight pinned me onto the bed .
tr	PAST	I squinted at the car as we approached it .
tr	PAST	Dad just dumped it in my lap with hardly any data and it isn 't making sense . "
tr	PRES	" Attempting to steal official Vatican correspondence , eh ? "
tr	PRES	" Carmine , " Haven mumbled .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted nervously in the lobby until I heard the deep timbre of his voice in the hallway .
tr	PAST	I froze instantly , my eyes scanning left and right , though I struggled not to crane my neck or spin around .
tr	PRES	He gazes back at Los Angeles .
tr	PRES	" Another Hans Muller , The Lt. really likes that name I guess .
tr	PRES	Gavin remembers everything , and he clearly remembered the way to the mansion .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " Ilia states flatly , starting toward the door .
tr	PRES	Gently lifting my feet , he slides first one heel off and then another .
tr	PAST	They regarded each other with equal distrust .
tr	PAST	A few more mental loops later , he dove into the new plan with enthusiasm .
tr	PRES	he tries not to wheeze .
tr	PAST	I hazard another look at my cuff .
tr	PAST	Bah , " he grunted , shaking his head .
tr	PRES	Whenever she got a free second , she snuck a peek at her mermaid , just for the little thrill she got each time .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to one side as she viewed it from this distance .
tr	PAST	Lise motioned with her finger and then went back to reading her book .
tr	PRES	Finally her beautiful long hair falls out from under her black scarf , and her lack of strength is ultimately realized .
tr	PAST	I preferred disliked the company of .
tr	PAST	We hooked around to a tunnel barreling through the mountains .
tr	PAST	The lavender goat bore the name " Sodom " and it banner carried the words " All Pleasure is Natural " .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , hermit ! "
tr	PAST	The smoke swirled away from him , until dispersing in all directions upon hitting the invisible force of the faulty ceiling fan .
tr	PRES	Then he opens the door and steps out into the night .
tr	PAST	But something lingered at the back of his thoughts , like the blood stains that refused to come off his clothes .
tr	PAST	He gently tugged the paper out of Cindy 's grasp .
tr	PAST	The man holstered his gun and nodded at them .
tr	PRES	What if one more Surface day kills him ? "
tr	PRES	" Any other arrangements possible , our group , the S Group also sells oil . "
tr	PAST	A few of people shopped inside but his eyes connected with a large man that stood next to a slender brunette .
tr	PRES	" I don 't understand why they exist at all , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	He flips a card over and then studies his next move .
tr	PRES	" It causes her too much pain when I appear to her . "
tr	PRES	He wove his spell too quickly , more so than I would have imagined possible .
tr	PRES	He glides into a huge grin , pulling me towards a dilapidated piece of junk .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with her plastic band but her eyes were cast down the entire time .
tr	PAST	She tugged at her lower lip .
tr	PRES	* * * * Marie returns to her new apartment door .
tr	PAST	Kizzy froze , not knowing whether to close her eyes or leave them open .
tr	PRES	He bent toward her , his teeth grazing her soft , delicate skin .
tr	PRES	The weight of her arm brings an alien sensation .
tr	PRES	" That strikes me as an anagram .
tr	PAST	" Let 's talk about it over the phone , " she countered .
tr	PAST	Quickly he extracted a tiny key from his waistcoat and unlocked the case .
tr	PAST	Panicking , I stomped the gas , and the car spun 360 degrees .
tr	PRES	" Bravo Yankee Six calling Tango Victor Two .
tr	PAST	Andrew thanked Chuck for the call and then called his mother .
tr	PRES	And I confess I find Newport 's vulgarity a refreshing change of pace : it 's amusing , in a rather stupid way .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a rumbling that resembled a building collapse arose as the ground gave way .
tr	PAST	" You 're a nasty , horrible , dopey man , " piped up a frightened voice somewhere behind me .
tr	PRES	Old senators , law enforcement personnel , reporters ... and , of course , just the curious had turned out for this event .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Tom gritted his teeth and grabbed for the empty rifle .
tr	PAST	Inside , the smell of aniseed lingered .
tr	PAST	And with that thought came another image of him with both eyes so red , they glowed .
tr	PRES	Probably someone walking bye checking out the inventory .
tr	PAST	Quickly she attempted to cover herself .
tr	PRES	You couldn " t see dark .
tr	PRES	With a sigh , I swing my pack over my shoulder and head to the house .
tr	PRES	Since when do you volunteer to deliver candy ? "
tr	PRES	He obviously loves Kieron , that 's been his anchor point for many years .
tr	PAST	A small squeaky voice announced , coming from the direction of a pair of big brown eyes , which barely reached above the table .
tr	PRES	Rachel slides her fingers over the steering wheel as if she 's in mourning .
tr	PAST	" 11 years he ruled in tyranny , forgetting his promise and his duty to the people .
tr	PRES	The sound of the water fills me up .
tr	PAST	The man 's voice rumbled through the night .
tr	PRES	Finally , he sighs and tightens his lips in anger .
tr	PAST	She crouched in the fetal position and mumbled in some far away dreamland .
tr	PRES	" The painter ? "
tr	PAST	His thumb floated above the green button as he imagined what she was doing right now .
tr	PRES	Her exact words . "
tr	PAST	A wicked grin curved Ryan 's lips .
tr	PAST	Too dark , he reported quietly to Kendra .
tr	PAST	" Come on , " scoffed Simon .
tr	PAST	He protected her with strong arms while he kissed her and sought his pleasure , and he gave her pleasure back threefold .
tr	PAST	Kathy named you as the father , but claimed she didn 't know where to find you .
tr	PAST	" Nothing could ever be that bad , " giggled Jo .
tr	PAST	" Is divided up just as equitably . "
tr	PRES	" Hey Bryce . "
tr	PAST	Cole climbs out of the car and hurries toward me , arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	Killian sat up instantly , his eyes zeroed in on my face , hand wrapped around the haft of a knife .
tr	PRES	" What kinds of tasks ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't they teach you anything Above ? "
tr	PRES	Pain explodes in my chest , rattles my whole body , and the world goes black .
tr	PAST	I awoke to the smell of eggs and bacon .
tr	PRES	Because we need to pick up coffee filters on the way . "
tr	PRES	Grace snuck a glance at the little girl , who 'd gained and lost so much in an instant .
tr	PAST	Not enough for me ... or for you , " she stated boldly .
tr	PAST	Seeing an open book bag , I dove into it .
tr	PRES	He attempts once more to break free .
tr	PRES	The elevator stops and the doors open again , revealing the same room with the many machines and the dozen people .
tr	PAST	With no firm plan they chanced leaving the tube at Hyde Park Corner .
tr	PRES	I shuffle into the room , huddled in my sweatshirt .
tr	PRES	Still , Keisha snuck a glance at her laptop screen and the photo of Gabe .
tr	PRES	Clay plays for the winning team .
tr	PRES	" Every American likes those things or just you ?
tr	PRES	" Merry Christmas to you , buddy .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	Sam must have sensed we were leaving , because she was jumping all around .
tr	PAST	Jason toyed briefly with the idea of concealing themselves in the huge mass of foliage , risking thorns and wasps rather than facing their pursuers .
tr	PAST	With a snarl he lunged toward the steps , his seraph blade outstretched .
tr	PRES	Teacher Jenny Cullen removes the lid of number four and invites me to submerge my hand .
tr	PRES	He begins his slow , steady march toward me , and the entire congregation follows his every move .
tr	PRES	" Don 't call me son , " I told him , my voice gravelly from all of the retching .
tr	PRES	I , um ... " He trailed off , casting about as if someone might step in and save him .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over in a permanent stare of incredulity .
tr	PAST	I inhaled the warm scent and kissed him softly between his shoulder blades .
tr	PRES	" My grandfather holds out little hope , but he wanted to share this .
tr	PRES	" He 's got a girlfriend waiting at home , " Francesca explains to Cowboy Bob .
tr	PRES	It opens and I 'm hauled into it by my wrist so fast that I doubt my feet even touched the threshold .
tr	PRES	and I points south to where the pirates are and then points north and say , " Over there !
tr	PAST	It bore the resemblance of a recently dead victim but it moved as if it was still alive .
tr	PRES	" I 'm tired , " she yawns .
tr	PAST	A sign notified the way to downstairs , where voices were heard .
tr	PAST	She clutched the pendant in her fist , but no matter how tight she squeezed , she could feel her hope passing like water through her fingers .
tr	PAST	After deciding to stay put my phone beeped .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PAST	" Yes , " I lied .
tr	PRES	She hates me for it .
tr	PRES	The rest of the day passes without incident .
tr	PAST	Sarah clutched the phone , trying to ignore the surge of adrenaline that already had her heart thudding .
tr	PRES	His hair stands on end .
tr	PAST	Though it wasn 't much , a large boulder provided a tiny bit of shelter from the wind .
tr	PRES	" This is all her fault , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Besides , I detest those hangings .
tr	PAST	I turned to face him , my hand still clasped on the doorknob .
tr	PRES	I tune out his voice , not wanting to hear his words .
tr	PAST	I stripped off my sweaty clothes , and stepped under the hot spray of the shower .
tr	PRES	' Nightingale , Jack Nightingale .
tr	PRES	The sound returns as if breathed into me .
tr	PRES	" I hate word problems , " my brother frowns .
tr	PRES	I bury my face against his chest and smile .
tr	PRES	Just like Will ... " She chokes on his name .
tr	PRES	she cried , her mouth agape .
tr	PAST	I predicted that in a matter of a few centuries , you would have colonies on other planets -- without any help from Door technology whatsoever . "
tr	PAST	" Ah ... " Kira sobbed forcefully , trying to ease the aching knot in the pit of her stomach .
tr	PAST	She inquired watching closely as Ashley gave a small sigh in prelude to her response .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately she received a lecture on the business 's cutthroat nature .
tr	PRES	" June , I ... , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	In contrast the submarines were quiet , still , timeless , and unreal .
tr	PRES	Rex grins and stands up to leave .
tr	PAST	The only person who always took Garcia 's guard down never strayed fr from his thoughts .
tr	PAST	Because always , always , my father feared the sea more than he feared the heights .
tr	PRES	And the mood changes light again .
tr	PAST	Suddenly her entire face brightened and she grabbed my arm .
tr	PRES	" Now , now , Katie . "
tr	PAST	She reported , " The way is too well guarded for any of you to sneak past .
tr	PRES	" Well , I guess you don 't know me that well , then , " she snaps , jerking her hand away from my hair .
tr	PRES	The momentum of the acceleration and the sudden change in direction causes the van to topple onto its side .
tr	PAST	The drone who had delivered the recorded message accompanied the composite monstrosity .
tr	PAST	Adam clutched his scalded hand .
tr	PRES	She points at me .
tr	PAST	As she stepped out of the SUV , she marveled at how much her life had changed in such a short period of time .
tr	PAST	A light bulb finally flicked on in my dimwitted brain .
tr	PAST	Michael unbuttoned his shirt , took off his trousers and got into bed .
tr	PAST	As Bec fought it , she absorbed some of its memories and realized it was Death .
tr	PAST	He sat tall in his saddle , his dark hair topped by a black hat with a band .
tr	PAST	Barton marveled at that .
tr	PAST	Curious for the sudden comment love , I scrolled through them .
tr	PRES	Stay in Port Henry for a while and work Tiny out of your system .
tr	PRES	" Timothy Hamilton . "
tr	PRES	He winks at her and she narrows her eyes .
tr	PAST	Somehow they messed with things to make a radial signal , however weak it may be .
tr	PRES	Or being on ladders .
tr	PRES	Corinne cried out , her fists clenching in his hair as white-hot fire raced through her body , a pleasure so acute it bordered on pain .
tr	PAST	" You said it right , this time , " Kara chided .
tr	PAST	For a quarter of an hour they roamed the house , gathering up more random stashes of money .
tr	PAST	" One by one , the dragons sought their lairs and embraced the forever night , becoming part of the Darkness .
tr	PAST	For a moment , the other woman dreamed of Batavia VII .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand on the table .
tr	PAST	The redhead pretended to twist a lock over her lips .
tr	PAST	The woman who 'd sat next to him for the past two hours acted like he was committing a cardinal sin .
tr	PAST	Laura 's glance lingered on Jacqueline .
tr	PAST	As it hit its last note , my mind shattered apart under its impact .
tr	PRES	The music stops , players scramble for seats , and I 'm left standing in the middle staring at the same faces and asking the same questions .
tr	PAST	He stiffened to iron and spilled the warm essence down the back of my throat , holding my head with two hands as he climaxed .
tr	PRES	" What about the crust ? "
tr	PRES	Michael reaches his hand to the back of her neck and pulls her into a firm kiss .
tr	PRES	Arthur lies unconscious several feet away .
tr	PAST	Today , we hauled those timbers off the old farm truck and set about sealing up all the vulnerable ground floor windows .
tr	PAST	" Although I doubt you conjured it up .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through mine .
tr	PAST	Eric 's expression reflected anguish , but Diego couldn 't let this go so easily .
tr	PRES	My lips twitch and practically spit out the words , " Shit ! "
tr	PRES	But wasn 't someone arrested for the murder ? "
tr	PRES	" Ms. Phillips ! "
tr	PRES	" About the robbery ? "
tr	PAST	Ripping off his clothes he dove in .
tr	PRES	For whatever reason , contact with you helps . "
tr	PAST	His fingers clutched the lapels of her coat to tug her closer .
tr	PRES	The back door of the house opens , and I walk out .
tr	PAST	Only the flying ones bothered them at times .
tr	PAST	He acted like kissing me had blown his mind .
tr	PRES	gasped Simon whilst shaking his head in disbelief .
tr	PAST	" It cost me five dollars from a street vendor , and I 'm pretty sure the chain is brass . "
tr	PRES	" I can 't kiss you goodbye , Love .
tr	PRES	" What about Marilyn ? "
tr	PRES	" Ah ah ah ... . "
tr	PAST	He outweighed me by at least fifty pounds .
tr	PRES	" Is it as you remember it , Jonathan ?
tr	PRES	" And a bath and a fresh diaper . "
tr	PAST	She clutched his shoulders , digging her nails into solid muscle as she struggled with the invasion .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her earbuds .
tr	PAST	So I reflected on the task at hand .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through mine , holding my hands firmly to the mattress .
tr	PRES	" Holy fuck ! "
tr	PRES	He reaches up for the straps of my dress and pushes them over my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Before she made contact , an arm roughly hooked about her waist , and her balance instantly disappeared .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ! "
tr	PAST	Ethan unfolded his arms and took a step forward .
tr	PAST	Josie froze as my eyes narrowed .
tr	PAST	They mingled casually along the corridor , some catching up on gossip and idle chat as they walked .
tr	PRES	Sure she likes him , too .
tr	PRES	I snap my head in his direction to give him a glare so fiery I 'm surprised it doesn 't turn him to ash .
tr	PAST	" Wow , " Emily exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Mike crumpled his napkin .
tr	PRES	Realm reaches for her as she starts past him , touching her hand .
tr	PAST	The other members of the crew circled the space , and she tried to ignore the heavy silence .
tr	PAST	" If you have one poisoned , they very well could all be , " she stated and motioned for the boy to leave .
tr	PAST	" The tiniest lynchpin , in a huge , complicated machine .
tr	PAST	Aisha toyed with a miniature antenna that she could connect to a base plaque just above her ear .
tr	PRES	Just when I think I can fly under the radar , someone throws another one out there . "
tr	PAST	Then he secured it with a D-ring to VIN 's suit connector .
tr	PRES	" It stands to reason she 'd stand up for you as well .
tr	PRES	The worry joins the multitude of other worries swimming around in my brain and worsens the tumbling in my belly .
tr	PAST	Following that , they required three more days to retrieve their complete vigor .
tr	PAST	He announced racing off to the truck .
tr	PRES	After a couple seconds , he clears his throat and continues .
tr	PAST	He sensed her distance and tightened his arms in protest .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble and it 's taking everything I have not to cry .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a motorbike buzzed up the road , brushing past him like a swarm of insects .
tr	PRES	Saturated with blood , the wire drips the dark red liquid consistently , a steady stream tracing its way down the line from unknown sources .
tr	PRES	Hell , they bob up in molten lava !
tr	PRES	Noah opens his mouth to say something , but I interrupt .
tr	PAST	I only prayed he could forgive me when he found out .
tr	PAST	Silence executed an impressive looking spinning , flying kick , breaking the neck of the goblin in front of him .
tr	PAST	" You proved this ? "
tr	PRES	Stellar mass enters expanding condition .
tr	PRES	" That explains why he hasn 't told the other Princes about you .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkled , and he tipped Beth a wink , but Ian had lost the flow of the conversation .
tr	PRES	So many silly little people .
tr	PRES	' Not really the time , Lucy . '
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the room quieted .
tr	PRES	Mom brings in a pitcher of lemonade and pours me a glass .
tr	PRES	Bobby throws me a " see ? "
tr	PRES	Your refusal to let me help you with anything bothers me .
tr	PAST	Panic exploded in her chest , but she was used to that .
tr	PAST	Thor willed himself to be strong , to be confident and courageous as a good knight should .
tr	PRES	" Did you slap me ? "
tr	PRES	Let 's unpack our cases .
tr	PRES	For a brief second my mind slows down to reflect on how I got to this place .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me , but he doesn 't stop playing .
tr	PAST	He fisted his hands at her hips , his jaw clenched , his whole expression feral and covetous .
tr	PAST	Mike retreated to the bench behind her .
tr	PAST	Keeping my eyes on the ground , I weaved my way around Hot Wheels and Legos to the back room .
tr	PAST	The heavy sadness that permeated those words stole Keith 's breath .
tr	PAST	Amat 's Spanish curved and pitched like waves off her tongue .
tr	PRES	" Since when is your career trivial ? "
tr	PAST	He suckled each finger .
tr	PAST	I thanked the young man in his neat suit and small hat and tie and he raised a dubious eye .
tr	PRES	He seats himself again and says , " Seriously , I drove all night . "
tr	PRES	" No one really likes their boss but he wasn 't bad . "
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved in a mocking smile .
tr	PAST	Deacon hopped up the stairs , chock-full of energy .
tr	PRES	My mouth touches his skin .
tr	PAST	On their way back to the Yan tent , a large stone skipped off the road a yard in front of them .
tr	PAST	Matthew collected Ben 's clothes from the pipe and handed them to him as Ben sat back down , exhausted from the minimal exercise .
tr	PAST	Twisting off the cap , he downed half of it in one swallow .
tr	PRES	" That is a good choice , Miss , " he beamed before turning to Simon .
tr	PAST	" There 's the small matter of your injection , " he clipped and she closed her eyes and looked away .
tr	PRES	Joshua Hartley remains unaccounted for .
tr	PRES	She holds her faded triangle .
tr	PRES	Kylie explains and my mind responds , contemplating the scenarios to occur .
tr	PAST	There , in Donovan 's arms , she dreamed of the most wonderful of things .
tr	PAST	The footsteps suddenly ceased , and Neil got the feeling that the person , or thing , had become aware of him .
tr	PRES	If only she was easier to find and didn 't mingle with these horrible creatures .
tr	PRES	I snuck him clothes and food .
tr	PAST	Scott advised me to leave that up to him .
tr	PRES	Ryan stands , then clutches his chest , his face twisted in pain .
tr	PRES	When they 're still a hundred yards away , Marcus stops and hovers .
tr	PAST	He threaded the paddles under the seats , then straightened .
tr	PAST	A careful search revealed a section of fence torn near the bottom .
tr	PRES	I sing the kids awake ( Okay .
tr	PRES	Someone behind me clears their throat ; I look back over my shoulder .
tr	PAST	I dive forward , burying my face against his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Her lips expand to a smile and I can 't help but kiss her .
tr	PRES	I 'm glad you know now , kind of lets a little stress off the old shoulders .
tr	PRES	I love you , Buddy , and I ask you to forgive me and trust me , " Mandy begged .
tr	PAST	He huddled down , knowing that however long the night , he dared not sleep .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed hers , nibbling , soothing , back and forth until she opened her mouth .
tr	PAST	Then finally it slowed and she saw Wade .
tr	PRES	Valerie glances over to see the ship 's weapons officer slumped over his console .
tr	PRES	" The stables ? "
tr	PRES	Her voice rattles inside my head , her frantic plea , her terror .
tr	PAST	He exploded in guffaws .
tr	PRES	The deer touches down softly on the grassy clearing , as the co-pilot flicks a switch to release its harness .
tr	PRES	" Please take me out of here , " I plead in an uneven voice .
tr	PAST	He quickly identified the guys in the appropriate age group , most of whom seemed to be single .
tr	PRES	He just holds me , one arm tight around my waist , the other held to the back of my head .
tr	PAST	Two sharp taps on the window jolted David into lowering the window .
tr	PRES	" Hello ... Hello ... Hello ? "
tr	PRES	" Go , " she begged .
tr	PRES	I pledge you my loyalty . "
tr	PAST	selected a cigar and began rolling it between his fingertips .
tr	PAST	So few people worship us these days .
tr	PAST	Ramona stares across the table at us , growing visibly unsettled .
tr	PAST	His lips curved into a devilish smile as he dropped his gaze to her lips .
tr	PRES	" None of those rituals exist here .
tr	PAST	Still , the second I got to Reese 's room , I collapsed on the bed and fell fast asleep .
tr	PAST	This served to make the second Friday in March unusual , when the sun broke through the clouds as they drove to the camp .
tr	PRES	" I 'm really sorry about everything , " she mumbled once more .
tr	PAST	Jared winced against the sudden flare and from the bright blue radiance two huge creatures emerged .
tr	PAST	" She scared them away before they could make it that far , " Corrado chimed in .
tr	PAST	He twirled me and I spun , spun , faster and faster into his awaiting arms , and we came together as though it was our destiny .
tr	PRES	It falls onto the soft sand , not breaking .
tr	PRES	I assume Sir that the courts will be sitting during this process ? '
tr	PRES	Still visibly upset , Molly relaxes somewhat and answers the question .
tr	PAST	Natalya inhaled , shook her head and shrugged .
tr	PRES	I assume you know how to waltz ? "
tr	PAST	Therapists , career advisors , and even doctors volunteered at the shelter several times a week .
tr	PAST	Books rustled as everyone flipped over to the next page , which featured a pen-and-ink drawing of the largest wolf I 'd ever seen .
tr	PAST	Sam bounced off someone who fell away , and he landed on his knees .
tr	PAST	His mouth claimed hers in an urgent kiss that drove the oxygen from her lungs .
tr	PAST	I trusted Fang , but I wasn 't sure what to think about this .
tr	PRES	" What about Lindy ? "
tr	PRES	" Which explains the slipcovers . "
tr	PRES	And he himself offers no defence .
tr	PAST	He collected himself and walked across the gym towards Rick 's office .
tr	PAST	The black van reversed out onto the street .
tr	PAST	" Shit , " exclaimed the detective .
tr	PAST	This exposed the land , or Earth ... this is the power of our God . "
tr	PAST	I squat down to take a closer look , still rubbing at my shoulder .
tr	PRES	With the insufferable boy lying motionless at his feet , Link sees his chance to be rid of him at long last .
tr	PAST	Laying down his pipe , he collected them together and took Foxy 's proffered half crown .
tr	PAST	he position accented her curves so it took my eyes a few seconds to travel to her face .
tr	PRES	Tomorrow night , every ni - " The word cuts off in his throat as he sees something behind me .
tr	PAST	He assaulted an officer , after all . "
tr	PRES	" Or maybe you 're looking for a woman , " Casey teased .
tr	PAST	He stole it . "
tr	PRES	Then his smile fades .
tr	PAST	Stanton inched his way carefully between the two angry men before picking up speed and melding into the garden shadows .
tr	PRES	Cameron rumpled her hair .
tr	PRES	The air changes and I sense that I am in a very large underground room .
tr	PRES	" New librarian ! "
tr	PAST	I 've actually thanked God for sending him to you .
tr	PAST	' Are you admitting you 're a stuck-up arrogant jerk then ? ' '
tr	PAST	She taps the syringe with her fingernail .
tr	PAST	I lingered there for two heartbeats .
tr	PRES	Sawyer stares down at me and something shifts and then his lips are on my lips , like two magnets being drawn together .
tr	PAST	Every year I conducted the same experiment and every year I received the same results .
tr	PRES	I assume Darius will want to speak with us before you leave . "
tr	PAST	I personally preferred it .
tr	PAST	I hacked it , making sure that only my access code would work .
tr	PRES	And Donnie remembers the summers when he was eight and Anna was thirteen and babysitting him and the infant Ethan .
tr	PAST	My suitcase bounced on the steps and I sped up the hill in a blind rage , determined not to look back .
tr	PRES	" Whatever , " Lisa states childishly under her breath .
tr	PAST	Standing up , Rita extended her hand to Buck and Gus .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed just then .
tr	PRES	" No Azul , I am not a being of flesh and do not require sustenance . "
tr	PAST	" I 'll go out and keep the kids entertained for awhile , " Chris volunteered as they wandered back into the house .
tr	PRES	Still , I hesitate .
tr	PAST	He wavered , but the hands did not let him go until he was steady .
tr	PAST	His young companion , who did not wish to get drenched by the unsavory contents of the bucket , tugged at the General 's sleeve .
tr	PRES	" Holy cow ! "
tr	PAST	" I - I don 't know how to - " " Then don 't , " he grunted .
tr	PAST	One of the boys brightened at this and looked up at Leppard then at Madame Veer .
tr	PRES	He points his beer at me .
tr	PAST	Then Hywel tipped his head at two of his archers .
tr	PAST	I slowed , holding out my hand as Riley grabbed his gun .
tr	PRES	It ... offers the answer to destroying it .
tr	PRES	I peel myself away because I 'm not going to entertain a single thought about her that slips beyond the professional .
tr	PAST	He motioned for the armor , and the man helped him into it as quickly as he could .
tr	PRES	To learn what lies ahead .
tr	PAST	You proved that today and word gets out .
tr	PAST	He neared the lobby area .
tr	PAST	He clutched my hand .
tr	PAST	She anticipated they would encounter snakes , skunks , wild hogs and other wild animals along the way but the unknowing worried her the most .
tr	PAST	Smiling grimly , I holstered the gun , renewed my grip on the landing gear and pulled myself up .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Pyotr and Kiska to remain where they were .
tr	PAST	The other ships executed emergency maneuvers and flew away before the Mirage 's engines were affected and the small portion of antimatter was destroyed .
tr	PAST	Mike hooked his thumb into his coveralls and sniffed .
tr	PRES	He flinches , but he doesn 't pull away .
tr	PRES	" You worried me , lass .
tr	PAST	With a sigh , Ty pondered over the question of whether his doubts were unfounded or if Zane was just a cuddler .
tr	PAST	Sam zipped the suitcase shut and placed it by his bedroom door .
tr	PRES	Clearly , somewhere , we screwed up .
tr	PRES	" Which both you and Margot pooh-poohed as I recall . "
tr	PRES	She removes an old painting of the castle from one of the lower shelves and reaches to the back .
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side , dust falling off his black hair .
tr	PRES	Favourite food , schoolwork , hobbies -- I didn 't have even one while Sasuke had plenty -- and , basically , life .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips and opens her eyes , meeting the beast 's gaze once more just to be certain and then she pulls .
tr	PRES	Her face freezes , only her lashes fluttering , as I 've seen happen during difficult debates .
tr	PAST	She squinted at me , trying to see through her puffy eyelids , but didn 't seem to notice the pain anymore .
tr	PAST	Carson stifled a groan .
tr	PRES	It shone its old light straight into the caves , and showed each cave to be inhabited .
tr	PRES	But that describes neither Miss Gray nor yourself .
tr	PAST	She stuffed the pamphlet in her pocket .
tr	PAST	Her skin glowed , freshly scrubbed of all makeup , and showed off a generous smattering of freckles across her nose .
tr	PRES	Cricket returns a minute later with a broom and a metal basket of fruit .
tr	PRES	Just a ball of light , Agnes .
tr	PAST	She motioned us towards the stairs and led us to the second story .
tr	PAST	She smacked herself in the forehead .
tr	PAST	They balled into fists .
tr	PRES	" Molotov cocktail ? "
tr	PRES	Tommy clears his throat , and says , " Yes Sir , Chief Stanton , this is Tom Miller of the Boulder , Colorado recruiting office . "
tr	PAST	Hope dared to spread its wings inside of her , but she caged it in .
tr	PRES	It causes wars , yes , but it also spurs fantastic scientific advances and a desire to push on , to create .
tr	PAST	The conversation delayed her an extra ten minutes while her mother repeated word for word the entire exchange with her dead husband .
tr	PRES	" And what brings you out on the plain today ? "
tr	PRES	Still in wolf form , he pushes three other wolves toward the water and they break into a run .
tr	PRES	With my body already at the very edge of the embankment , my impulsive movement flung me headfirst into the river .
tr	PRES	He saw only the usual patterns , and so sauntered out , his cloak swishing around his boots .
tr	PAST	He doubted it would be smart to categorize their relationship .
tr	PRES	The doctor holds fast .
tr	PRES	He uses a pseudonym but I 'm afraid he will get outed .
tr	PAST	I exhaled , dreading the hour drive home .
tr	PAST	She stomped over and poured her mother a mug , then slid it over the granite countertop .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	" Ok , chick .
tr	PAST	Who does decide these things , I pondered on the way to work .
tr	PRES	" Well , you 've said my name several times , " he teased .
tr	PAST	' Thank you , ' Evie sniffed .
tr	PAST	The Last Chance represented home to Morgan now .
tr	PRES	She considers it for a minute or two .
tr	PAST	From behind a wall , Wald limped , wiping crumbs from his lips , his face as bruised as hers .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six I stopped breathing and backed silently into the bathroom .
tr	PAST	She coiled tighter with each gliding touch .
tr	PRES	" A rune for what ? "
tr	PAST	Alexandra shrieked , " Chill out for a moment while I go check the cockpit ! "
tr	PAST	" Thanks , " he mumbled , frowning .
tr	PRES	He exhales , saying .
tr	PAST	but I restrained myself .
tr	PAST	I mirrored Elliot , leaning forward as if I were engrossed by her tale .
tr	PAST	" Powerful , yes , " I teased , rising up onto the tips of my toes to bring my mouth close to his .
tr	PRES	If he asks you out , GO FOR IT .
tr	PAST	A soft female voice floated through the door .
tr	PRES	On the road he lies .
tr	PAST	Savitar flicked at the talisman around Ambrose 's neck .
tr	PAST	Celeste cocked her head .
tr	PAST	She washed her hands , then took a step back to the doorway to survey her work .
tr	PAST	A third nurse , another man , promptly emerged from a nearby ward and completed the barricade .
tr	PRES	I lean over and vomit .
tr	PRES	" Oh holy shit Jesus ! "
tr	PAST	A swarm of long yellow petals swirled around us .
tr	PRES	' Courtesy of our friend Archie , and Undead Airlines . '
tr	PAST	Not a bird or even the wind dared to make a sound .
tr	PRES	Crying over the burns of one dead girl , the old man pushes the tears off his face .
tr	PRES	He holds his arm out and traces his fingers over it .
tr	PAST	Rob reappeared , too , in a clean shirt .
tr	PRES	Her parents never forgave her for messing up what they deemed a perfect life , but she didn 't care .
tr	PAST	Constance squinted as a cloud revealed the sun , " How can you be sure ? "
tr	PAST	Starlight reflected off the lake to ripple underneath of it .
tr	PRES	The one we 're looking for causes people to go insane and commit flamboyant suicides .
tr	PAST	" You just acted .
tr	PAST	Brutus tugged on his leash , pulling her forward and out of her downward spiral .
tr	PAST	She flicked her eyes up toward him , just as Simon 's door opened and he came out , shrugging on a hoodie .
tr	PRES	A soul deep weeping to rival an angry siren 's screech or a banshee 's scream .
tr	PAST	He thanked him again , then took Lily by the hand .
tr	PAST	She sensed the connection between her subconscious and Gary 's had become active again .
tr	PAST	She stomped the brake and yanked the wheel right , sending the truck reeling .
tr	PRES	They pitch pigeons and have shooters guarding the top of the buildings 24 hours a day . "
tr	PAST	Outside the walls of the villa , the wind shrieked and moaned .
tr	PRES	" No , " I protest .
tr	PRES	I tire and begin to ramble .
tr	PRES	One of them reaches through the doorway and buries a dagger deep into her shoulder .
tr	PAST	The warrior I 'd chased through the alley .
tr	PAST	The night coalesced into cavorting shapes and figures .
tr	PRES	After a few hundred meters , Victoria stops : something is moving through the vegetation .
tr	PRES	Concern suddenly ripples through me .
tr	PRES	His face fills out my mind .
tr	PRES	I devour her , realizing how starved I 've felt over the past month .
tr	PAST	This paper , whatever it was , produced a change in him .
tr	PRES	Edward holds out his hand and my father 's face softens .
tr	PRES	Silence stretches between us .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to appear more in control than she felt .
tr	PAST	Josh jolted in surprise .
tr	PRES	" English , " I correct her .
tr	PRES	And tomato sauce . '
tr	PRES	She stops to wrinkle her nose .
tr	PRES	" My pleasure as well , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	I dreaded to think how he 'd react when he 'd heard the news .
tr	PRES	" Every time I think I know everything there is to know about your giving nature , I discover something new . "
tr	PAST	Even as she thought it , the truck jolted , as if it hit an invisible bump on the smooth road .
tr	PRES	' Of course I haven 't been sacked , you idiot . '
tr	PRES	" He loves to get inside your head . "
tr	PRES	His lighthearted attitude fades .
tr	PAST	Bobby slowed his wave .
tr	PAST	Her only real hope lied in the invasion that would bring a cure for Rosie and all like her .
tr	PAST	The intimate feeling lingered with her long after he kissed her goodbye for the long weekend .
tr	PRES	Lily pushes the blankets off and comes to kneel behind me , resting her hands on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Could we postpone the discussion until this afternoon ? "
tr	PRES	He mumbled a few words , but was overwhelmed by everything .
tr	PRES	The pulse roars in my ears .
tr	PAST	She giggled as she squeezed my hardness .
tr	PAST	The words replayed over and over in Barton 's head .
tr	PRES	He stands up and returns the hug .
tr	PAST	" Who the hell invented this ? "
tr	PAST	Across the walk , they munched on chips and salsa .
tr	PRES	Ervin sees her still standing there and pauses , frowning .
tr	PRES	" Heather loves the opera .
tr	PRES	My heart drums against my chest .
tr	PRES	She glances up at me sharply , eyes wide with shock .
tr	PAST	We hopped the fence and landed in the dirt of a tiny backyard .
tr	PRES	" Neurosis is very attractive in women these days , I think , " Kevin teased .
tr	PAST	what I feared . "
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PRES	He considers me for a long moment .
tr	PRES	He comments as he hands me the mug with the soup inside and I drink it because I don 't know what else to say .
tr	PRES	Please , " he begged .
tr	PAST	Instead , the pink terry cloth created a stark contrast between her size and his , her optimism and innocence and the cynicism of a jaded warrior .
tr	PAST	Her statement quieted the growing mob .
tr	PAST	She stiffened and shook her head .
tr	PAST	Rio scooted back on the bed , slid off and then reached back for the tray .
tr	PAST	He gently washed her wounds and then applied the bandages .
tr	PAST	As if to make her point , her hips rotated in needy circles , her body begging to be filled .
tr	PAST	Oh no , he hooked her legs around his hips , lining her up with his erection .
tr	PAST	He deepened their kiss with a possessive growl that sent the dials on every last nerve in her body way past eleven .
tr	PRES	I lean back into the seat , staring straight ahead as a voice nags at me .
tr	PAST	The twinkle reappeared from the depths of all the facial hair .
tr	PRES	Yeah , probably realizing that broken whiskey bottle wasn 't going to do him much good .
tr	PAST	It crawled under my skin , causing me to shiver .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips and nods formally .
tr	PAST	" Before his memories completely fade away ? "
tr	PRES	He always enters through the church 's unlocked front doors and walks the center aisle of the nave , on the way to his office .
tr	PAST	I soaked in these new revelations .
tr	PAST	Xavier died , the Bishop feared for the sapling .
tr	PRES	Nodding , he reaches for the single photograph left on the mantel , tucked now behind the Christmas village , and holds it close .
tr	PAST	Excitement rippled through her , then waned .
tr	PRES	She removes a wineglass from the dish rack and fills it , then takes a deep swallow .
tr	PRES	" Lighten up , Kadie .
tr	PAST	Prue gritted her teeth to stop herself from crying out .
tr	PRES	" Break Camp ! "
tr	PAST	His fingers inched higher and his masculine scent filled her lungs with each shaky breath .
tr	PAST	I slapped the knife onto the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	She fetched her sack again and handed over a small , soft parcel , which moved as it changed shape in her hands . '
tr	PAST	" Got some follow-up work to do .
tr	PRES	" May I borrow your cane ? "
tr	PRES	She hugs me back .
tr	PAST	He quickly palmed the little license plate in his gloved hand , and placed the other hand on the back of Lucy 's head .
tr	PAST	" Protection , " he gritted , his body tensing as she moved fully under him .
tr	PAST	Sunny quickly replaced all his digging spoil and replaced the cut turf .
tr	PRES	" As soon as Kent allows Will to bandage his wrist . "
tr	PAST	No obstacles slowed my progress .
tr	PAST	The inspector carefully tipped the contents on to the blue folder .
tr	PAST	His face revealed intended innuendo .
tr	PAST	Sucking in a deep breath she attempted to gather her lost senses .
tr	PRES	Aria beamed and wiped her four hands on her apron .
tr	PRES	Diana announces , " Well , we have been flying south and we 'll soon be turning south east , everyone brace for the turn . "
tr	PAST	A hard knock invaded the silence , mocking her that she would never be free .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth eyed me with suspicion , but her tone was light and conversational .
tr	PAST	" He stole the money we had in the apartment , but it was not a lot .
tr	PAST	He pretended he didn 't notice that I wanted him to leave .
tr	PAST	Further recollections only served to exacerbate things .
tr	PRES	Red shapes that resembled arrows had also appeared in the center of the image .
tr	PAST	His ragged chuckle rumbled at her chest .
tr	PRES	A full moon , bright enough to light the dirt road they traveled on , shone overhead .
tr	PAST	The moment he rubbed it , her body tensed and went rigid .
tr	PAST	Confusion shadowed through her eyes in the dim porch light .
tr	PAST	I retreated further behind the curtain of grey roots and watched .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together and leans in close to my ear .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the table , and Theresa sat down opposite him .
tr	PRES	She tries to pull my hands away but I refuse to let go .
tr	PAST	Behind him Tim exited the batting cage .
tr	PRES	I provide for this family , not you .
tr	PRES	" Oh , darn , " her grandmother mumbled .
tr	PRES	If found guilty , the punishment ranges from confinement to execution .
tr	PRES	She offers an indignant " So ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged on his shirt and he leaned back again .
tr	PRES	Sobol 's Dead History I had been on all the best-seller lists a couple of years before .
tr	PRES	" No , " I snap .
tr	PAST	Time slowed , tunneled , as Byron dissolved into molecules , to materialize once again in between Paul and Antonietta .
tr	PAST	I steadied my gun and fired .
tr	PAST	One hundred and fifty-four monkeys , to be exact .
tr	PRES	A split second later , I shove her out in front of me , putting myself between her and the MPs .
tr	PRES	" And she still blames you for his death .
tr	PAST	" Sure , I guess , " Stan reassured him .
tr	PAST	He caressed my back with a soothing brush of his hand .
tr	PRES	My fingers tremble as I step forward , so I lace them together .
tr	PAST	She prayed she wouldn 't be forced to choose between the only two people who mattered .
tr	PRES	" Just the talk with your mother about the lancet freaked me out .
tr	PRES	' Didn 't you rubber up ? '
tr	PAST	They stated that some police officers take their authority to a whole other level and gain this sense of entitlement .
tr	PAST	Or had they acted more methodically to ensure that he could never hurt her again ?
tr	PRES	" I 'd better get that , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Tristan 's voice floats over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	He breathes deeply and then replies on an exhale , " You make it sound like you 've done worse . "
tr	PRES	Port , the human security captain , sees me standing at the head of the staircase and shouts , " Quinn !
tr	PAST	The mother wrung her hands and wept .
tr	PRES	" It 's afterward you need to worry , " Maddie teased .
tr	PRES	Kylie bursts into tears .
tr	PAST	" You 're texting Ian , " Ali stated .
tr	PAST	They all donned goggles , and headed out into the afternoon darkness .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I 've been here almost two hours and I 've only seen a ghost of Mel here and there .
tr	PRES	" What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	She balled her fist and threw it at Salem as hard as she could .
tr	PAST	" You tricked me ! "
tr	PRES	I slap his arm .
tr	PRES	" It 's okay , settle down .
tr	PRES	" Hi Ava , I um ... I was hoping I could come in and talk with you . "
tr	PRES	' How -- how long until it reaches zero ? '
tr	PRES	" That and the fact that Izzy never stops talking about her sharks .
tr	PRES	" May I connect ?
tr	PAST	Marta flapped her hand at Eliot .
tr	PRES	Now that you 've told me that other people have seen it ... it kind of changes things a little .
tr	PAST	Finn slapped his hands on his hips .
tr	PAST	He convulsed with shock as the light exploded through the air and blinded him for an instant .
tr	PRES	Push him off the balcony ?
tr	PAST	" Someone in this house is stealing , " Paul reiterated .
tr	PRES	" Please ... " I begged as the shadow turned into a human silhouette .
tr	PAST	I sensed the kid 's confusion and conflicting emotions .
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet and walk with him through the crowd again , this time oblivious to the stares .
tr	PRES	Kai stops at the end of the line and frowns .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Ibrahim .
tr	PRES	He hates cats . "
tr	PAST	She adjusted restraints around his wrists instead .
tr	PAST	Mark scooted over to make room for the two of them .
tr	PRES	" A crisis ? "
tr	PAST	" I love you , " she slurred , groggily .
tr	PRES	I gladly and with some relief , accept his offer and shake his hand , thankful that I am not made to feel unwelcome .
tr	PRES	Susannah asked , her eyes alight with hope .
tr	PRES	A strange emptiness hollows my chest .
tr	PAST	He uttered his command , his body hard and eager at the idea of what he was doing .
tr	PAST	" I need you , Jude , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	They remarried , and nine months later Elizabeth was born .
tr	PRES	" Carson and Francesca are in a boat down there , " Robbie explains .
tr	PRES	Brand opens his eyes .
tr	PAST	He trusted God completely , but it was all more than a little overwhelming .
tr	PAST	I froze again ; I didn 't know what to say .
tr	PRES	" Stop , " Spencer interrupted , shutting her eyes .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Fitch successfully identified the true purpose of the code we 've been working on and located a second string embedded in the exchange 's system .
tr	PAST	I comforted myself with hash and other drugs for a while .
tr	PAST	In the living room Toby cringed .
tr	PAST	" I suppose I should try to sleep , " she mumbled , hopping down and drawing the blanket with her .
tr	PRES	Not when Catherine was in the next room , water running down her supple curves .
tr	PAST	I experienced the pain of remorse when Hippolytus was killed based on my false accusations .
tr	PRES	" I um ... I just wanted to ask - " " Dad , " mumbled Marlon , walking in .
tr	PAST	And he always invaded her space , making her feel small and ... delicate !
tr	PAST	Pastries stuffed with cream , cookies dusted with sugar , and chocolate , chocolate , chocolate beckoning to her everywhere .
tr	PRES	She hears another crash from inside the tower , followed by a chorus of angry bellows .
tr	PRES	" About a quarter mile , maybe less . "
tr	PAST	She thanked him and joined Franco by the trunk .
tr	PAST	A girl squealed , and a bunch of guys laughed .
tr	PRES	" He loves you . "
tr	PRES	Dark hair floats in the musty wind behind him , slipping from behind his slender , pointed ears .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the top and shook some of the water onto his trembling fingers .
tr	PAST	" By the way -- " she fiddled with her belt " -- what line of business are you in ? "
tr	PRES	The intense look returns .
tr	PAST	And the snow piled so deep that I could barely flounder my way through it .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , the baby they 'd already decided to name Alexei , staged protests when their lovemaking got a little too vigorous for his taste .
tr	PAST	Although this marine was one of the best men he ever served with , Colonel Samuels reluctantly approved his request for retirement .
tr	PAST	Like good humans , they adapted .
tr	PRES	Will bolts out of the cabin .
tr	PRES	The light plunged into an eerie darkness but , to the youngster 's surprise , the torch still shone beneath the water .
tr	PAST	Chilling arrows of regret pierced him .
tr	PAST	The three on the top row featured women lying lifeless on pavement .
tr	PRES	" My general wishes to inform you that he has no intention of leaving .
tr	PRES	" Michael Andrews ! "
tr	PRES	He uses the hand that was on my breast to pull my sarong up from the back .
tr	PRES	He glances at his watch .
tr	PRES	The word processing program stayed opened , a black line blinking at the top of the white virtual paper .
tr	PRES	" Maybe later " She glances at her messages .
tr	PAST	" Which means we 're not gon na be any help there , " Della countered .
tr	PAST	The staccato assault ranged across the giant 's chest , on his sides , down to his knee caps and back up to his throat .
tr	PAST	The attraction handled itself whenever he and Charlotte were together .
tr	PRES	" I forgive you , but only if you 'll watch a movie with me . "
tr	PAST	Instead , I hopped out and wrote Sleaze across his back window in bright red lipstick .
tr	PRES	" The cycle ? "
tr	PAST	Dark magic writhed inside him , struggling against the emotions Victoria inspired .
tr	PRES	He looked up at Velda , tears shimmering in his eyes .
tr	PRES	This helps us remember which dolls we need to reorder .
tr	PAST	" The circumstances of your injury resulted in the pigment and hair changes . "
tr	PRES	" In Troy ? "
tr	PRES	When we 're done , he holds open the door for the car , but doesn 't join me .
tr	PAST	Her stomach swooped as if she 'd plunged from the highest roller coaster .
tr	PAST	But the whole thing tickled him enough to push aside temper .
tr	PAST	We received a vision . "
tr	PRES	" A native ? "
tr	PRES	Water drips into the pot .
tr	PAST	" You 're not very good at it , " Royce stated flatly .
tr	PAST	Gollum sniffed at the leaf and his face changed : a spasm of disgust came over it , and a hint of his old malice .
tr	PAST	screeched Cindy , but James ignored her .
tr	PAST	Be calm , man , he chided himself .
tr	PAST	Please ... " " Oh God , sweetie , give me a location and I 'll be on my way .
tr	PAST	He cringed , knowing it was Megan , and picked it up .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight ' We 're all safe ... for now ! '
tr	PAST	" Welcome back , Avery , " the reporter Nate selected said .
tr	PRES	It bothers me that he might have known I was on my way to Edinburgh and he knew Daniel was the reason , but how ? "
tr	PAST	He used the cut cloth to mop up the mess on the ground , then coiled it tightly around the gaping throat .
tr	PAST	He flicked on every electronic device he owned when he got there , as he couldn 't decide which one to use first .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seven Devon 's Road carved its way through tranquil prairies north of New Carrington .
tr	PRES	An arm wraps on my waist standing in a protective stance .
tr	PAST	The crowd of little people cheered and waved their tools in the air .
tr	PRES	She touches Realm 's arm and he suddenly drops it , making Roger stumble to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Poison , " Tavi mumbled .
tr	PRES	" None taken , Mario .
tr	PAST	The fact that she hadn 't heard back from him bothered her very little .
tr	PAST	" Neanderthal , " she accused , her body more than ready for him to make her beg .
tr	PRES	Tent and everything probably clammy with dew .
tr	PRES	The video fades as the reporter comes back on screen , the picture of a beaten Olivia taking up the entire right side of the screen .
tr	PRES	" Did you sew these seams ? "
tr	PAST	Then she dialed his mom 's house , holding her breath .
tr	PAST	Claire replaced the phone on its cradle .
tr	PAST	First , John created moments for her that had nothing to do with Stephen .
tr	PAST	I giggled and he grinned .
tr	PRES	The author holds all reproduction , reprint or re-sell rights to this book in digital , audio or print versions .
tr	PAST	But Amber persisted , " I 'm sorry Michael !
tr	PAST	It created a decent perimeter of control that helped us keep tabs on who was entering our city .
tr	PAST	In the process , she absently tugged down the hem of her dress , and Hawk 's gaze was drawn to her actions .
tr	PAST	I joked as I exhaled an inward sigh of relief .
tr	PRES	Eventually it shrinks to the height of a person and transforms into such right before our eyes .
tr	PRES	She snorts with laughter .
tr	PRES	" And the stray tiger , " Monk mumbled .
tr	PAST	" Very attractive , too .
tr	PAST	She glided her hand down her stomach , feeling the muscles in her stomach tighten at the contact .
tr	PAST	Reyes 's hands fisted at his sides , bereft without his blades .
tr	PAST	A download of expectation charged the circle of family and friends .
tr	PAST	No one bothered telling the nurse what was going on , mostly because we were all too keyed up .
tr	PRES	Like a boy trying to imitate his father .
tr	PRES	" That she could make up her lies for all eternity and not reach the truth . "
tr	PAST	Admiral Perry 's actions influenced much more than the colony you see around you .
tr	PRES	" He bucks all his riders . "
tr	PAST	With her back to the wall and the stove for shelter , she readied to make a stand .
tr	PAST	" That 's right , " Xavier announced .
tr	PAST	Ethan fisted his hands , glaring at him , but didn 't say a word .
tr	PRES	When a man is alone with his self , he learns just how little he knows about his own lonely being .
tr	PAST	While his fingers circled and teased and stroked , he gently massaged her nub with his thumb .
tr	PAST	We held hands and walked along the beach , William 's flyaway hair flattened against his head .
tr	PAST	They attended , but whined a little when it came time for class .
tr	PRES	One of the paramedics pushes me back as the others lift her up and carry her to the ambulance .
tr	PAST	He skipped that second one .
tr	PAST	Her shuddering lessened , and her expression calmed .
tr	PRES	" No curtsy ? "
tr	PAST	I proved them wrong . "
tr	PRES	The tall white milk towers next to the tan brick building loomed above the snow-covered sidewalk and street .
tr	PAST	They 're making their way up the north side , a four man team , Lily reported .
tr	PRES	" Because he loves you . "
tr	PRES	He holds her out in front of him by her petit shoulders , shaking her as if she were an unruly child .
tr	PRES	" I 'm responsible for you losing yours , " he points out .
tr	PRES	But then a text message flashes across the screen .
tr	PAST	He flicked one open , and her breath caught .
tr	PRES	Can you ever forgive me ? "
tr	PRES	Never brings anything down here with her , never has anything when she comes back up . "
tr	PRES	But when I look up and see what I ran into , my heart stops .
tr	PAST	She floated to the ground and ran back to the house , where she collected a bright red umbrella and two sturdy pieces of cardboard .
tr	PAST	The girl giggled , but agreed .
tr	PAST	Poppet giggled and shoved at his hands .
tr	PAST	Air exploded from my lungs , leaving me gasping .
tr	PAST	The smallest of smiles tugged at the corners of her mouth .
tr	PAST	She withdrew the spear pieces and regarded them with some confusion .
tr	PAST	Replies Charlie , sounding almost defeated yet completely relieved at the same time .
tr	PAST	All the classrooms were wrecked -- filled with broken glass and chunks of the ceiling .
tr	PRES	I can 't , " she whispers , just before she turns on her heel and runs away from me as fast as she can .
tr	PRES	She always tries so hard to conceal them .
tr	PRES	" I 'm in the woods looking for you , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Thayer retreated and held her hands .
tr	PAST	" That must 've been someone else , " he lied , but his chuckle gave him away , as he intended .
tr	PAST	Her makeup rivaled the expensive plaster paintings on the temple walls in color and animation .
tr	PRES	The others mumbled their agreements , so we helped them up and started the walk back to the snowmobiles .
tr	PRES	' To the end of that wharf .
tr	PRES	You too lucky charms , " he concludes , lazily lifting a hand as he departs .
tr	PRES	Getting out of bed , Rita padded barefoot across the carpeted floor of their new bedroom .
tr	PRES	Alex 's head snaps around .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head , she elbowed me .
tr	PRES	" Just like in training , " Flynn whispers to me .
tr	PRES	" Hey , you two , " Aly 's mom shouted from the kitchen , " settle down before you break something . "
tr	PRES	He lets out a heavy sigh .
tr	PRES	" Had a fight with Ria , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	I have matches , but I don 't have a pot .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , see you around , Eva . "
tr	PAST	I scooted out the door room and headed towards my destination .
tr	PAST	Avalon stomped his foot down on the accelerator and my head slammed back against the headrest .
tr	PRES	They snap ... Jump in the river ... Sit down in the road and wait for God ... Or Moses , or Muhammad to show up .
tr	PAST	Then it abruptly banked again , and moved away low to the ground , heading south toward the concrete pad .
tr	PRES	" How about her beloved scribes , the Brothers Grimm ?
tr	PRES	He hears the panic in my voice and walks around the bed , slipping his arms around me .
tr	PRES	He sighs audibly : " And knowing all this about you , I was so stupid !
tr	PAST	The insidious sideways smirk reappeared .
tr	PAST	She untied the knot and watched her safety line swing away .
tr	PRES	Please help him , " Eline begged .
tr	PRES	She begins to walk the length of the invisible barrier as if inspecting it .
tr	PAST	Gollum crouched down and his voice sank to a whisper again . '
tr	PAST	She inched away from the growing mound of snow in the palm of his glove .
tr	PAST	I sensed the tiniest hint of sarcasm , so subtle I might have imagined it .
tr	PAST	I dialed the number , trying so hard to not freak out .
tr	PRES	One of the women falls to her knees before Elliott and tries to kiss his hand .
tr	PAST	He motioned to the Exiled Kindred soldiers behind him .
tr	PAST	The idea unsettled him .
tr	PRES	" No , " she begged .
tr	PRES	" How about if we relax and enjoy the evening ? "
tr	PRES	His voice softens , but I feel him stiffen beside me .
tr	PAST	Gliding shakily on one foot and then the other , Hannah giggled .
tr	PAST	She dialed her mom 's number and waited .
tr	PAST	She tugged on Wanda 's sleeve .
tr	PAST	We slowed our pace , certain of our success in eluding the men , before I answered .
tr	PAST	Thomas stares at the floor between us with hollow eyes .
tr	PAST	Laughter muffled by a bit of cake .
tr	PRES	" A silver lining ! "
tr	PAST	He accused me ( rather unfairly I thought ) of trying to kill him off .
tr	PRES	His clean , citrus , warm musky scent from last night wraps around my body .
tr	PRES	With our eyes locked , I straddle him on the chair .
tr	PAST	He crawled off into the darkness , leaving me behind .
tr	PAST	A lucid serpent glided diagonally on my body .
tr	PAST	" I have bad news , good news , and maybe more bad , " he reported .
tr	PRES	' Just as I promised you , ladies ! '
tr	PRES	" Why , thank you , " Best beamed .
tr	PAST	Maxi just giggled contentedly .
tr	PAST	When he returned with the drink she downed it quickly and got the courage to specifically ask about the men sitting in the corner of the room .
tr	PAST	A thin smile accompanied a vacuous stare .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , dropping the wooden spoon she 'd been using on the contents of the pot to rush over to the oven .
tr	PRES	" Your dad , " I began , not sure if I could get it out , " ruined my family . "
tr	PRES	He snuck in before ?
tr	PAST	Feeling more confident , I spouted it out again , trying to match his authentic cadence .
tr	PRES	" I think he might know of a cure , " Aiden points out .
tr	PRES	Slowly , his facial expression changes to something harder and less innocent .
tr	PAST	Beethoven cocked her head as if not believing her good fortune .
tr	PAST	" No , I screwed up first .
tr	PAST	Someone tugged on my coat , but I brushed them away .
tr	PAST	Eve once again marveled at how different the Mark looked in street clothes versus her work attire .
tr	PAST	Bringing siege walls up from the earth required the moving of quality , heavy stone .
tr	PAST	The leopard nuzzled her back , its eyes staring at her , mesmerizing , trapping her in the untamed depths .
tr	PRES	He never opens his eyes again .
tr	PAST	Galen glided off to the side , waiting , so Sam tried very hard not to make any noise eating .
tr	PAST	Instead , her stomach churned and she prayed she would not vomit when she arrived at Randall Coulson 's doorstep .
tr	PAST	They wove together , blending , lifting up , up , up , until Rena opened her mouth .
tr	PAST	He stiffened , belatedly realizing that he 'd revealed more than he intended .
tr	PAST	" Jesus , Sage , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	She shone with a summery brightness that made him feel content .
tr	PAST	Jason squinted to identify it , couldn 't , leapt onto his knees .
tr	PAST	The water reflected the flickering light , like another candle beneath the black surface .
tr	PAST	We all slapped each other on the back , giving out high-fives .
tr	PRES	" How about the meat loaf ? "
tr	PRES	I stood back , folding my arms , a smile holding a certain amount of excitement and interest across my face .
tr	PRES	She snaps her fingers as she starts for the door .
tr	PRES	The side door opens .
tr	PRES	Her cheek fel against his cheek .
tr	PRES	Serena sighs , resigning .
tr	PRES	His energy pulses fast as he leans over me .
tr	PAST	They fled to the shelves that would take them out of sight .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be okay , " she reassured , her thumb brushing soothingly over his palm .
tr	PRES	Sheriff Weber stares back at me , almost regretful , but unmoved .
tr	PRES	I mumbled as she clenched her pussy on my cock .
tr	PRES	A stain of red flashes on Adrian 's cheeks and I feel instantly guilty .
tr	PRES	" I was waiting for you to get home and do it for me , " she teased .
tr	PAST	His eyes and mind skipped over anyone he did not see , anyone who might have escaped , just as they missed the few signs of struggle .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head toward the hospital 's front doors , where a crowd was gathered around Julian .
tr	PRES	I ruined our perfect moment . "
tr	PAST	I crawled towards the lip of the well and looked down .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think so , dear , " Verna exclaimed .
tr	PAST	He jabbed at an expanse of blue that divided the city of Auckland .
tr	PAST	Right on cue , thunder rumbled and a few fat drops of rain splashed down on them .
tr	PAST	The wind howled and the snow swirled more thickly around me .
tr	PAST	Clary froze at the bizarre sight .
tr	PRES	He loves new friends and he is finally settling in .
tr	PRES	Alone upon the wall , With axe , throws assailant in the moat , he who removed the flag .
tr	PAST	I preferred cloudy days , because sometimes sunny days made the photos look washed-out from overexposure in the light .
tr	PRES	Trey leaned back farther , amusement dripping from his pores .
tr	PRES	Carina flips back her glossy blonde hair and rolls her eyes .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat , and his green eyes fix on mine , serious .
tr	PRES	Only emergency items . "
tr	PRES	She pul ed on his arm until he final y sat beside her .
tr	PRES	A petite woman with long luscious jet-black hair standing behind the cash register .
tr	PRES	" The sins of the father . "
tr	PAST	Brandy plopped down , her squatter flower bouncing with her .
tr	PRES	The thing in the burlap sap .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it fabulous ? "
tr	PRES	" Don 't swear , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	It explains why they started to ship them all down months in advance of when they were activated .
tr	PAST	You protected the source of your power , the source of your evil ! "
tr	PAST	They trudged on for a half turn just to escape the shadows of the mountain .
tr	PAST	These things have a way of working themselves out , " Al stated wisely , patting me on the shoulder .
tr	PAST	Without warning , his mother chimed back into his head .
tr	PAST	Usually I only lied to people I didn 't know .
tr	PRES	My hand slides under her shirt , up her belly and traces the edge of her bra , only stopping when her hand grabs my wrist .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	A few of the kids chased one another .
tr	PRES	Or when I snap out of the daydream .
tr	PRES	Just as I start to think that he 'll demand more from me this visit , he relaxes and looks away .
tr	PAST	He propped us up so we were half sitting and half lying down .
tr	PRES	" World Series ? "
tr	PAST	She not only acted out of love for her Prince , but for love of all life .
tr	PAST	He motioned for the kitty , which Soul handed over eagerly .
tr	PRES	" Exactly , " he snaps .
tr	PRES	The dizziness returns full force along with a bout of nausea .
tr	PAST	And those that served eventually adjusted and did well enough ... or died .
tr	PAST	One severed hand lay beside a piece of the creature 's granite arm .
tr	PAST	I never meant to hurt her or your family , " Alexander defended .
tr	PRES	" That grants its user any power , even to destroy the world ?
tr	PAST	" Certainly not you , " she lied .
tr	PRES	The clearest of skies stretches endlessly with just a hint of night creeping in as the sun 's blazing glory sinks into the horizon .
tr	PAST	The village elder posted two sentries to guard the now sacred body of the sacrifice .
tr	PRES	And yet he tries to hide that pain , fearing that she is already suffering too much herself to have to share his own growing agony .
tr	PAST	Even though he was a doctor and everything he learned was kept strictly confidential , it still bothered Brian a great deal .
tr	PRES	She offers to take his place , so that he can get some sleep .
tr	PAST	She slapped down a card on the discard pile to complete her turn then went to the kitchen .
tr	PRES	Let me take care of you - " He stopped , cursing softly .
tr	PAST	The reflexes are going , Nicolae taunted his brother even as he circled around to get behind the vampire .
tr	PRES	' The removal of all rivals from within the Order of the Allied Moon . '
tr	PAST	The Storm Dragons were all but gone , the few remaining fled when it became clear that they were not going to be the victors this day .
tr	PRES	" You havin ' fun so far ? "
tr	PAST	And a blessed sense of humour blossoms forth now and then , too , which helps relieve the tension of the job .
tr	PAST	Elena brightened up and a shade of interest flitted across her face , " Ha !
tr	PRES	" Our worst fate lies in survival within in his hands -- we must consider death 's other option .
tr	PAST	Hanna 's stomach swirled .
tr	PRES	Tell it as must , the rhythm solid in the shape .
tr	PAST	I inhaled as much water as I did oxygen , fatigue wrapping itself around my limbs , my mind .
tr	PAST	He extended an open palm to me .
tr	PRES	" Okay , Thelma , can I get you a refill ? "
tr	PAST	Vivienne announced , stopping at a certain spot in the middle of the woods .
tr	PRES	" Just tell me what to do , " I add , clutching her arm like a beggar .
tr	PRES	" And a little Arabic .
tr	PAST	Her mother 's e-mail was not bounced back .
tr	PAST	I pondered that for a second .
tr	PAST	They got one male the boys named Brutus and a female they named Sophie .
tr	PRES	His feet padded across the chilly tile .
tr	PRES	Chapter 23 The first half of the trip passes in a daze .
tr	PAST	Wallace crawled out from under her body and ran to the head .
tr	PAST	The pilot topped off his mug .
tr	PAST	Layers of ruffles and gathers of the emerald brocade created a fashionable bustle at the base of my spine .
tr	PRES	So very many mirrors .
tr	PRES	She screwed every man that would have her ! "
tr	PAST	The demon exploded in a burst of ash .
tr	PAST	* * * Julia pet her sister 's dog over and over , as if the animal might have a calming effect .
tr	PRES	He holds me silently while I think about the decision that isn 't even much of a decision anymore .
tr	PAST	All feeling , all thought , and all emotion spewed from his fingers into the keyboard , directing pure hatred at the lowly Jester .
tr	PAST	The times when a man crawled , if that was possible on water , from the sea onto the pebble sand beach in front of you .
tr	PRES	" Come on , " the guard holding her upper arm mumbled .
tr	PRES	That helps give you charisma .
tr	PAST	Zoe slapped her hand on his knee .
tr	PRES	He reaches underneath the roots where a soft pocket of mud waits .
tr	PRES	Climbing through the maze of debris , Rift reaches another standing pillar , but can find no clear path through to the chest .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head down .
tr	PAST	" It 's secret , " the inspector exclaimed .
tr	PAST	Mom pinched my nose and went to retrieve the insurance card .
tr	PRES	Eventually she slows down and tumbles to the floor .
tr	PAST	I seized his hand and grinned .
tr	PAST	She slapped me again .
tr	PAST	They hauled him off down the street whooping like hyenas .
tr	PAST	An entire shelf exploded into confetti .
tr	PRES	He mistook my rapid heart rate and ragged breath for elevator anxiety .
tr	PAST	Her face quickly brightened again as she gave him another once-over with her eyes .
tr	PRES	We finally arrive at the cabin as twilight sets in , graying the mountain range and forest .
tr	PAST	I grunted with the pain in my arm and slumped against his chest .
tr	PAST	Simon proceeded to start his Vespa , whilst scrutinizing outside of the gate .
tr	PAST	Abruptly he withdrew his hand , lifted me off his lap , and set me back in the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	' I was coming down , tomorrow , ' she lied , welcoming the opportunity to spend a morning with some definite purpose .
tr	PAST	Not when Annette was already overwhelmed by having her husband accused of sexual assault and murder .
tr	PRES	" Their wives as well . "
tr	PRES	She flips the switch on an old lamp .
tr	PRES	I rip off a few gemstones and pocket them , then grab Mother 's favorite scarf and wrap it around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	She clutched one of Maggie 's fuzzy dark blue throw pillows .
tr	PAST	I giggled , " Right now , I 'm not sure .
tr	PRES	I wipe at my eyes .
tr	PRES	This request she could grant .
tr	PRES	" Help me , " she begged .
tr	PAST	His long tongue snaked out of his mouth , and his scaly snout grew in length .
tr	PRES	" Break off , you idiot , or I 'm done for ! "
tr	PRES	Something about gateway to enlightenment , or door to enlightenment ... I typed in Indian artifact enlightenment .
tr	PRES	" I 've been up all night , Liam , relax . "
tr	PRES	Whatever hint of a smile he used to have is gone .
tr	PRES	" We 've been bringing Kernel up to date , " Grubbs yawns , as if the stories of their adventures bore him .
tr	PRES	" Don 't pester me , Laura .
tr	PRES	He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises .
tr	PAST	Jimmy collapsed to the ground in a fit of joyous laughter , pounding his fist into the ground in celebration .
tr	PRES	Dad pays the entry fee .
tr	PRES	Pilcher approaches the portal .
tr	PRES	Lance hisses with wide excited eyes .
tr	PAST	Tension corded up into his neck , his jaw .
tr	PAST	I will say when to draw , " Ironside instructed them .
tr	PRES	' Not just yet , anyway , eh ? '
tr	PRES	" Damn , " Fox whispers .
tr	PAST	The beast 's jaws drooled just above her .
tr	PAST	Jack stormed out of the kitchen .
tr	PAST	I doubted he expected he would need them so soon .
tr	PAST	She abandoned her business and used two disadvantaged homeless people to conceal her movements . "
tr	PAST	Katie hooked her arm through mine and pulled me along .
tr	PRES	It strikes me here in a steady rhythm . "
tr	PAST	She never pretended about anything .
tr	PRES	" He likes sports , but he also likes hobbies .
tr	PAST	Heinz withdrew without another word .
tr	PAST	" Give me a moment , " my father anxiously reassured him .
tr	PRES	" Don " t know how you do it , Mister Vimes ! "
tr	PAST	Police involvement equaled bureaucracy , and bureaucracy was never efficient .
tr	PAST	Tying the strings of her gown back up , she regarded her profile .
tr	PAST	He plunged the sharp tip into the grass .
tr	PAST	Asked Julie with a smile and the kids cheered for that , happy to know that they would keep playing .
tr	PRES	" No , no , " Ben begged .
tr	PRES	Ryland sees someone coming towards us in the smoke .
tr	PAST	She identified with those murdered people , certain she shared the same blood disorder .
tr	PRES	Two children , living in obscurity with a childless couple , only to discover later that they were the offspring of a fairy queen .
tr	PAST	Something cold swirled around my ankles .
tr	PRES	" So what about the Dallas thing ?
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Dupont trusts you , " continued the man , " and I 'm not sure why that is .
tr	PRES	" Medusa , " said Dr. Keller , " restrain the subject 's mouth . "
tr	PRES	Trevor shone the flashlight beam onto the table with the purple tablecloth .
tr	PRES	Physical touch from another vampire helps sooth the human still in them down .
tr	PAST	" Thank you , " Sophia stated flatly and started walking towards another chute .
tr	PAST	Savannah pinched her aunt 's cheek playfully .
tr	PRES	He holds up a hand to high five me .
tr	PAST	There was indoor and outdoor seating , and at the moment I approached , a long line of students snaked out the doorway .
tr	PAST	" I 've had the most incredible morning , " Lindsay announced .
tr	PAST	Faster and faster it sped toward the web .
tr	PRES	Since I 'm so new and still establishing my name , having the Boston Times behind me really helps .
tr	PRES	" Come on , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	" Ah , yes , it fits !
tr	PRES	A tugboat slides in at the dock and American sailors pile out .
tr	PRES	Lily forgave Collin for tricking her into planning their vacation so he could check on the girls .
tr	PAST	Brennan 's jet taxied to halt , close to a waiting car .
tr	PAST	At the same time , she doubted it would have done much good aside from buying them a small amount of time .
tr	PRES	It also mentions he is probably armed and is extremely dangerous .
tr	PRES	The water also tends to be murky in those places and the shark has difficulty discriminating among objects in the water .
tr	PRES	Logan dives in and shoots up the room in a series of explosions .
tr	PRES	She breathes deeply , and instead of the sea , she smells a woman 's fragrance , one she can almost remember .
tr	PRES	And the claws scratch against the thick glass .
tr	PAST	It nuzzled up to me and licked my cheeks , causing me to burst out giggling .
tr	PAST	" No Janet quit the cheer team yesterday .
tr	PRES	" Bloody awful . "
tr	PRES	Toby hates to think about them as they seem to keep getting weirder .
tr	PAST	Although he owned two jets and flying was an option , Raja preferred driving if the distance wasn 't too great .
tr	PRES	" No , " he murmurs , " you 're right .
tr	PRES	The tequila helps loosen me up and I can 't believe how much I 've missed girl time .
tr	PAST	On a hunch , I compared the set on the business card to that of a normal receiving Bitcoin account .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around his neck and gives him a quick kiss on the cheek .
tr	PAST	With tongue and teeth , he tormented my sensitive tissues , my labia , my clit .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " he breathes .
tr	PAST	He looked down into cup and then set it again , contents untouched , on the table .
tr	PAST	Maya exclaimed quickly , grabbing his arm .
tr	PRES	What type of reassurance ? "
tr	PRES	" So what brings you to Key West ? "
tr	PAST	The pair 's mouths awaited words as they stepped into what appeared to be the living area .
tr	PRES	She throws the rest of the stars on the floor and turns her shirt right side out .
tr	PRES	Her journal lays open beside her head and there 's box of chocolates next to her .
tr	PAST	A matron in yellow silk eyed him and whispered behind her fan to her companion .
tr	PRES	" Roland ... if something happens to me ... " " Eugenie ... " " I know , I know .
tr	PRES	Then she pul ed herself out of his arms , but it was too late .
tr	PAST	" I 'm afraid he had one , " she announced , handing over the cooler and taking the one he held out .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't something that happened to most vampires , Arthur reflected .
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't wait for the honeymoon , eh ? "
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , Mark ?
tr	PRES	Today Courtney wears a blue bow in her ponytail .
tr	PRES	Thank God nothing ever touches you . "
tr	PRES	He reaches the end of the snake and starts to squeeze .
tr	PAST	" I based my world on a fantasized western medieval period .
tr	PAST	He met her at the door , his free arm outstretched , anticipating her hug .
tr	PAST	Mille limped around the corner .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here , dearie ? "
tr	PRES	" Almost two months by canal , with some stops . "
tr	PRES	" I told you , my blood protects you . "
tr	PAST	I squinted to keep the tears from slipping out of my eyes .
tr	PRES	- al the time . "
tr	PAST	" So you approved his application despite all this ? "
tr	PRES	He falls atop me , his heavy weight a comfort .
tr	PRES	He dreaded to ask the next question .
tr	PAST	Rusty stared out the passenger window , his hands stuffed in his sweatshirt pockets .
tr	PRES	" Why , the oracle opens the door wide between our world and that of the Spirit World .
tr	PRES	She misses you but is happy that you touch her mind often .
tr	PAST	The dragon uttered a terrible screech .
tr	PAST	" Bastards , " Ethan gritted out with obvious temper , needles of magic spilling into the air .
tr	PAST	Preston volunteered with his mouth half-full .
tr	PRES	When your father rebelled many in Wales sided with Richard ; he forgave many fee farms in thanks for it .
tr	PAST	Luis unzipped the bag and pulled the dog out .
tr	PRES	" I was until ... " " Until what ? "
tr	PRES	" This moment belongs to me and you . "
tr	PAST	" Thanks , dude , " Boone stated .
tr	PAST	Calvin Tremblay pretended not to have heard Martin 's comment .
tr	PAST	He charged out from behind the rock and attacked the horse in one of the few places without armor .
tr	PRES	When he pulls the handle a metal spring pops out of the bottom of the chair .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the reins in her hand .
tr	PAST	A median of dead trees and grass divided this once major thoroughfare .
tr	PRES	As she kisses my burning skin , a shock shudders through me .
tr	PAST	Vin eyed the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Ken served him a cup , and they stood in the kitchen , drinking .
tr	PAST	The nurse fiddled with the machines in amazement , not bothering to explain to the rest of them what the change in numbers and sounds meant .
tr	PRES	Turning around , she sees their three sons running toward their father .
tr	PAST	The truck bounced along the path , heaving over the terrain .
tr	PRES	She fel onto them , jarring her body .
tr	PRES	Even if Izzie didn 't mean it as an insult , her words crushed me .
tr	PAST	I jiggled it silently but to no avail .
tr	PAST	Josephine sensed they were drawing closer to the killer .
tr	PAST	Mira asked , her face nuzzled into the dark hardness of his chest .
tr	PAST	I shuffled forward to feel for hollows in the dark .
tr	PRES	And take ' em now ! "
tr	PAST	Before I could blink , the doorman whipped out a gun and aimed it straight at my face .
tr	PRES	" He blames my brother and rightly so .
tr	PRES	Among them stalked shirtless warriors , their skin glistening with sweat in the firelight .
tr	PRES	Ivy holds perfectly still , but I can see the fear in her eyes .
tr	PRES	No one deserves to be treated the way you were treated that night .
tr	PAST	" Come back to bed , " she urged in Spanish as she wrapped her arms around his waist .
tr	PRES	" Yes , we must immediately , " they swing around flying towards the third tier .
tr	PAST	" Well , for a ghost , she takes an excellent picture , " Nina chided .
tr	PAST	" So the two of you hooked up and then what ? "
tr	PRES	Just then , Olaf enters the foyer .
tr	PRES	Vlad continued to draw on my neck , those sharp teeth grazing my skin without breaking it .
tr	PAST	He scooted closer to me and held out his hand for a shake .
tr	PAST	They ran toward a hill , its top still shrouded in morning mist .
tr	PRES	He strokes the back of my head with his hand while gazing into my eyes .
tr	PRES	Says when her rep is stronger she 's gon na be the tat artist to the stars . "
tr	PAST	Cursing , Dominic circled and then dropped .
tr	PRES	" I fell asleep waiting for you to come home , " she snaps to them .
tr	PAST	R.V. fled , survived , and blamed me for his misfortune .
tr	PRES	" And Hephaestus ? "
tr	PRES	He reaches round and gently taps me on my ass before sitting on the floor and setting out the Chinese food he ordered for us .
tr	PAST	They zeroed in on the frozen flower box that decorated my windowsill .
tr	PRES	She climbs into the driver 's seat , cringing as she does .
tr	PAST	And the one Tate identified .
tr	PAST	Kat hopped out and grabbed a handful of brochures .
tr	PAST	Caught on various twigs , the flesh flapped in the evening breeze as a macabre banner , taunting them with their helplessness .
tr	PRES	" The Void loves to eat , Brother , and the only thing more reliable than its hunger is its greed . "
tr	PAST	She served them all quickly .
tr	PAST	Some spattered on my pants , but it couldn 't be helped .
tr	PAST	He stole it from the Japs after we bombed them . '
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at me , as he smiled .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed our shared , shattered pasts would be what stood in our way .
tr	PAST	My addiction cost me this loss .
tr	PRES	" Crown Prince and royal librarian ? "
tr	PRES	He was already at the door , her rain cloak in his hand .
tr	PRES	" Prophecy nonsense ? "
tr	PAST	" And clearly not a gentleman , " chimed in the waiter .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth wide and squirts cheese directly into her mouth .
tr	PAST	The tractor arm squealed under the strain , and closed with a wheezy pop .
tr	PRES	The kettle on the stove whistles and Skye removes it from the burner .
tr	PRES	" Well , I borrow it from my dad . "
tr	PRES	California fits me much better . "
tr	PAST	Please , trust me , " I begged him , tugging his hand .
tr	PAST	" What engagement ? "
tr	PAST	The others sensed the attention and move in .
tr	PRES	Popping my head back in , I signal Vel that we 're heading out .
tr	PAST	I awaited Christmas day with more anticipation than usual .
tr	PAST	He slowed as he glanced at her .
tr	PRES	She remembers the conversation , but not his appearance .
tr	PAST	Up ahead , the road curved sharply to the left around a large outcropping of rocks that resembled the profile of an old Indian .
tr	PAST	Four , his scent still lingered on his shirt that I kept on my nightstand .
tr	PRES	" Meg , " he draws my name out , sounding like a petulant toddler begging for candy .
tr	PAST	She witnessed it often with those condemned to his dungeons .
tr	PRES	Studying it carefully , Link sees that it strongly resembles him , as if he were looking into an altered mirror .
tr	PAST	His expression washed out , and I felt like I was being thrown out of the room and into a weird time loop .
tr	PRES	Beyond Elliott , Will approaches the railing .
tr	PAST	That - " The clones charged me .
tr	PRES	" You must be getting tired , " she teased .
tr	PAST	His pretended to be oblivious to what I was referring to .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , well whoever named him dropped the ball . "
tr	PAST	She bounced between anger and hurt .
tr	PRES	She mistook lust for love . "
tr	PRES	" And the spy in the Institute ?
tr	PRES	Apparently it doesn 't matter that your father is human , " Aria explains .
tr	PRES	" And what about Drake ?
tr	PAST	She floated past the ruined white buildings , her head hanging low .
tr	PRES	He hauled back on the towel and Jan wriggled safely away .
tr	PRES	Janelle gently pushes me forward , toward Rob .
tr	PAST	Sarah exclaimed with a grin " You don 't have to tell me ! "
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and watched as the bar broke off , one after another , until it was big enough for me to get out .
tr	PAST	And that required some drastic measures .
tr	PRES	The day passes , my muscles ache , and at night Echo lies six feet away and cries quietly to herself .
tr	PRES	" Of course , dears , forgive me ... " she murmured , turning her head away .
tr	PRES	Maury falls asleep easily , as though it were his natural state and wakefulness a chore to maintain .
tr	PRES	Damn petty thieves piss me off .
tr	PAST	Wyatt chimed in , as he took the seat beside Miranda .
tr	PRES	" You won 't be needing two of those , " he points out .
tr	PRES	I hesitate knowing that my entrance will only escalate the turmoil which Eva is trying to quell .
tr	PAST	A light step behind him and a familiar fragrance announced his Aunt Pol 's approach .
tr	PAST	He reassured himself that he had , in fact , heard a noise .
tr	PRES	Gavin climbs into the backseat with me and sees me checking her pulse .
tr	PAST	That Hummel and Denise committed arson .
tr	PRES	The road before us remains black but now glows at the edges .
tr	PRES	" I know , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Got a problem with that ? "
tr	PAST	I pretended everything was fine and dodged his probing questions , but I knew I hadn 't fooled him .
tr	PAST	Cooper unintentionally projected his voice .
tr	PRES	She tends to panic when things get too hot and heavy , if you know what I mean .
tr	PAST	He eyed the unmoving Ito across the room with suspicion .
tr	PRES	" That agreement ... it does involve me getting full access to Cale 's house and all of his personal files . "
tr	PAST	If he was really sorry he wouldn 't have bribed me to come to this place .
tr	PRES	" True , Highness , but I hope to gain enough time to permit us to put some distance between ourselves and them . "
tr	PRES	' ' They hit me , I 'm OK though . "
tr	PRES	Gage reaches back and touches my hand as the ambulance begins to wail down the street .
tr	PRES	She flinches when I touch her , but relaxes almost immediately when she realizes it 's part of our act .
tr	PRES	She wore jeans and a plaid button-down shirt , a navy blue backpack by her feet .
tr	PAST	I see your personality has changed again , " she accused in a frosty voice that seemed entirely foreign on her lips .
tr	PAST	As expected , a trail carved down into the earth , although trail was a generous word for it .
tr	PAST	I go back to my engine , a smile now affixed to my face .
tr	PAST	Tiger 's smile revealed the chipped tooth he 'd had for so long Cain couldn 't remember what he 'd hit , or what had hit him .
tr	PRES	And finally I snap and bring my knee up , missing his balls , but connecting with his thigh .
tr	PRES	" Including our tattooist , Horace .
tr	PAST	After a moment , he gingerly cracks open the door and is instantly inundated with the overwhelming stench of formaldehyde .
tr	PRES	Color creeps up Rayne 's cheeks and her scales flare a deep green .
tr	PAST	( Not that he trusted them ) .
tr	PAST	I stated with a slight squeal .
tr	PAST	My head cocked to the side .
tr	PRES	Diana murmured , her voice husky with sleep .
tr	PAST	" No , he does , " she stated .
tr	PRES	She opens the door and walks back to the centre of the foyer .
tr	PRES	' Oh god . '
tr	PRES	She opens the door and the cage almost dumps us to the ground .
tr	PAST	The beasts sought to escape , but next came a flurry of arrows .
tr	PRES	Can I still absorb books by touching them ? "
tr	PAST	He hopped out of his seat as soon as I stopped , waved , and disappeared into the crowds .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me they might not be trusted . "
tr	PRES	" And the color purple ? "
tr	PAST	In reality , he skipped school events that he thought she might attend , and he circumvented the halls that passed near her locker .
tr	PAST	Air swirled around us like a whirlwind , picking up the dust and debris from the ground .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Taylor thanked you for your efficiency .
tr	PAST	Incredibly , the lawman acted as if he didn 't know the men were bearing down on him .
tr	PAST	He dumped two AAA batteries out into his palm .
tr	PAST	She scrolled down to the third application in the list and clicked on it to open .
tr	PAST	He balled his fists , ready to continue the fight .
tr	PAST	Brass cowls protected the bow 's tips from this toughest of threads .
tr	PAST	He crouched and swung his sword from left to right across the thin branch .
tr	PRES	People steal girlfriends all the time .
tr	PAST	He claimed her nub with his fingers , rubbing with an ever-increasing speed as he took her from behind .
tr	PRES	Jesse pushes to his feet , listens , and then sighs .
tr	PRES	" For protection , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Yes , what is it , mamma ? "
tr	PAST	Deckard trudged up the stairs .
tr	PRES	" I file in the front office .
tr	PAST	I busted out laughing , and he shoved a throw pillow at me .
tr	PRES	" I can 't wait , " I confess .
tr	PAST	Calliope 's face crumpled , and in less time than it took for me to haul myself out of my chair , she was sobbing .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears away with my fingers and suck in a slow breath through my nose to regain control over my fear .
tr	PAST	Tracy and I attended Hodges , the only private school in our small Connecticut town .
tr	PRES	" It pays to be aware of potential hazards . "
tr	PAST	He dismissed the praise with a typical Tanner shrug .
tr	PRES	" He carries it with him everywhere , even to job sites .
tr	PAST	I forgot my breakfast this morning , " I lied .
tr	PAST	The closer Justin drew , the harder Paige clutched .
tr	PRES	" There , " Amara said quietly - " Bernard ? "
tr	PRES	Unexpectedly , he releases my shoulder , grasping his head .
tr	PAST	Could you film it on your phone , Spike ? '
tr	PAST	His nose nuzzled the side of her neck , and his hot breath fanned her cool skin .
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder at me .
tr	PAST	Hanna eyed the phone warily .
tr	PAST	When he spoke , his voice rasped .
tr	PRES	' I 'm so sorry , ' she mouths .
tr	PRES	She whipped her head around to face me , and I grabbed the back of her neck , pulling her mouth to mine .
tr	PAST	Nothing prevented her from giving herself to him , from belonging to him .
tr	PAST	He groped for the covers until she touched his wrist lightly and said , " Don 't .
tr	PRES	See the way Reginald carries himself ? "
tr	PAST	He slapped at his wrist .
tr	PRES	That I wasn 't reading her signals wrong .
tr	PRES	" Let 's go swim . "
tr	PRES	Bastille hates it when people quote from the wrong play .
tr	PRES	Each shelf holds family pictures of alive and dead family members .
tr	PRES	I told you , she hates me .
tr	PRES	" Ok , if you change your mind , text me . "
tr	PRES	They can use ... " " Ice ? "
tr	PRES	Now , let 's git to it ! "
tr	PAST	Sunday strollers ambled by .
tr	PAST	Laci twirled back to face him .
tr	PRES	What hurts you , affects me the same way . "
tr	PAST	Nonetheless , she thanked him for his help , and she thought that he might be blushing under his ski mask .
tr	PAST	She stiffened but didn 't fight his hold .
tr	PAST	He hurriedly stripped , then lifted her into the tub and stepped in beside her , pulling the shower door closed .
tr	PAST	She feared he was going to kill the man .
tr	PRES	I smack his arm , and my smile becomes relaxed as I hear his laughter .
tr	PAST	The obelisks glowed and three bright lights orbited the top of the tallest one .
tr	PRES	Chatting amiably , he seats Danny and Elijah by an ancient fireplace .
tr	PAST	she uttered softly . '
tr	PRES	A metal door , identical to the one on the other side , stands before us and we rush through it and out onto the other side .
tr	PRES	" She loves me ? "
tr	PRES	Breath leaving her on a relieved whoosh , Sam hurried to his side .
tr	PRES	Then Steve again holds Pete close in his arms .
tr	PRES	It releases me and is sent flying backwards , landing hard on its back .
tr	PRES	" So , " he begins .
tr	PRES	" My first offense . "
tr	PRES	" Mmm hmm . "
tr	PRES	Robots generate very little . "
tr	PAST	He flicked aside her necklaces , yanked at the neckline of her dress .
tr	PAST	Instead he inhaled her delicious scent , which created a greater problem .
tr	PRES	A white coated man rises to answer , ' Yes Sir , our genetic trials were positive .
tr	PAST	I blanched , holding my breath .
tr	PRES	I nuzzle his neck .
tr	PAST	Sulley flicked the ignition and smiled as the flame grew in his hand .
tr	PAST	I busted out laughing .
tr	PRES	She frowns and recaptures the book .
tr	PAST	Wren pretended to be really interested in an oversize wineglass .
tr	PRES	' Terri , you OK ? '
tr	PRES	Who the heck opens a door with that much force ?
tr	PRES	Spook , be a good lad and run down to the cellar for another bottle , eh ? "
tr	PRES	She dreaded that and to her apprehension , her nightmare came true .
tr	PRES	" -- once insisted on calling me Class Five .
tr	PAST	They emerged from their den thin , shaky and pale .
tr	PAST	She threaded an arm in his , guiding him down the short hall and into the kitchen of her base ranch house .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , Honour , " she hisses .
tr	PRES	" Oh , you 're awake again , " Doug comments .
tr	PAST	Tanner crouched in front of her .
tr	PRES	A dark chuckle rips through him .
tr	PAST	Her eyes had widened in surprise but to her credit , she regained her composure quickly .
tr	PAST	Got any better suggestions ? "
tr	PRES	Before lies a glowing road to travel on .
tr	PAST	In a blink of an eye , the wall reappeared as if Natalie had imagined it all .
tr	PRES	Robin shudders , and I wonder if she has personal experience with Sentinels .
tr	PAST	Once filled with light , music , and laughter , it now lies , unused , abandoned .
tr	PRES	Thinking of the Mister brings a flux of mixed emotions .
tr	PRES	" Does your relationship with him involve any physical activity ? "
tr	PRES	Relax , he told himself walking homeward , relax .
tr	PAST	Then he fled from them like the wind , and they were amazed , wondering what madness had seized him ; and they followed after him .
tr	PRES	' Fine way to spend a Saturday morning , eh ? '
tr	PAST	He steered the wheel to the left and parked slowly the car on some rocks , stopping the engine .
tr	PRES	" No argument there . "
tr	PRES	" You can 't rush nature , Ella , " Lila hisses through the door .
tr	PRES	" What if she tries to kill me ?
tr	PAST	She pretended not to hear him , and entered directly to the bathroom locking the door behind her .
tr	PAST	She collapsed into it , pulling her feet up to sit cross-legged , and buried her face into her hands .
tr	PRES	I retort back , annoyed , about to poor my whole life story out to him to prove I know what I 'm talking about .
tr	PRES	" The crocodile ? "
tr	PRES	Hope shone in his eyes , but he held it in check , as though afraid it could disappear .
tr	PRES	" What about holidays ? "
tr	PAST	Our souls melded together .
tr	PRES	He exits the kitchen .
tr	PAST	He preferred more certain odds , though he did not think all five would oppose him .
tr	PRES	" Ugh , brothers , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	But some qualify to be . "
tr	PRES	He likes studying , even though it doesn 't come easy to him .
tr	PAST	he hollered , and the sound bounced eerily back to him .
tr	PRES	With a few hard kicks , she gains the surface and shakes her head , desperate to clear her vision .
tr	PRES	Including the shudder , as if cold steel slides along her skin .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to sit and I sat down across the table from him .
tr	PRES	Am I correct in this ? "
tr	PAST	" The rest of us can play rock , paper , scissors for the remainder , " Rick stated .
tr	PRES	She then reaches to her chest to grip the zipper on the front of her uniform and prepares to pull it down .
tr	PAST	Royce threaded his fingers through hers as they stood waiting for the elevator .
tr	PRES	" Fire back at them Andy ! "
tr	PRES	She dreaded what the next hours would bring .
tr	PAST	After a moment she attempted to put it into words .
tr	PAST	Look , they 've ambushed us ! "
tr	PAST	Goats roamed the countryside along the road , unwatched .
tr	PAST	Each featured a young man or woman .
tr	PAST	But plucking up courage he spoke again .
tr	PRES	Elijah loves the conversation .
tr	PRES	" Get some help to go with you , " she begged .
tr	PAST	The passage curved westward into the rock .
tr	PRES	I frame myself as liquid light , able to pass cleanly through any part of him .
tr	PAST	He tugged harder at his collar .
tr	PRES	Her hands cradled the thick length of him , her fingertips memorizing the feel and shape of his heavy erection with maddening slowness .
tr	PRES	" It uses the position of the sun , or the stars at night , to plot our position .
tr	PAST	Still , seeing it now , the savagery of the blood-letting awakened a feeling of deep , confused dismay within him .
tr	PAST	She marveled at his flawless golden brown skin glowing with the oranges and yellows of the flickering firelight .
tr	PRES	He likes to " spread the love " and hook up with as many hot girls as he can .
tr	PRES	Quite simply , beings gravitate toward pleasure , flee pain . "
tr	PRES	" You 're lying to me , " she snaps , furiously .
tr	PRES	" And Phoenix ... " Alexander laughed .
tr	PAST	The little girl 's eyes glowed .
tr	PRES	Just a tiny hint that things were not quite right .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand in greeting .
tr	PAST	The slippers he stuffed in the bag .
tr	PAST	A thin line of blood twirled through the air behind her .
tr	PRES	The time draws near .
tr	PAST	She bore a fierceness in her eyes that made Amira 's earlier fury look like mild annoyance .
tr	PRES	He stops laughing when I say this .
tr	PRES	" Are you feeling better , Katherine ? "
tr	PAST	My shallow breathing slowed , just a little .
tr	PAST	My insides cringed at the thoughts of Will ow sleeping at a shelter .
tr	PAST	And , besides - " He braved another step closer .
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves a chance , right ?
tr	PRES	" Isn 't motherhood universal ? "
tr	PRES	" Go fetch them now .
tr	PRES	His soul shone so brightly that even that one kiss was enough to taste his energy .
tr	PRES	Can you endure it until we reach a hospital in the morning ? "
tr	PRES	She sat frozen , her mouth agape .
tr	PAST	As frustrating as it was , I pondered if maybe this was a blessing in disguise .
tr	PAST	She faked her job , she faked the wedding , God knows what else right ?
tr	PAST	Violeta 's eyes glazed over and we all watched as she stripped her clothes off slowly and flung them to the ground .
tr	PAST	The chains retracted and the top closed again , becoming bullet proof once .
tr	PAST	She slowed before entering , grateful that her breathing and heart rate remained steady and even .
tr	PRES	They surround me with their vile bloodstained teeth and their blackened hearts , wizened and shriveled .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed again and she saw Brady 's name flash on her screen .
tr	PRES	" Maybe he uses his hard-ass image to hide who he really is . "
tr	PAST	' Perhaps , ' he said , lip twitching .
tr	PAST	( Update : In 2014 , IBM announced a chip similar in design to this proposal ) .
tr	PRES	Storm padded over until her face was close enough to smell the warm animal scent of his fur .
tr	PAST	She dared to look down at what she had landed upon .
tr	PRES	His furious eyes settle over mine like cobalt flames .
tr	PAST	The sadness evident on his handsome features tugged at her heart , and reminded her of the precariousness of her situation .
tr	PRES	" Not Chrissie ? "
tr	PRES	I scratch my head and look around without saying anything for a few seconds .
tr	PRES	An involuntary twitch strikes Ganondorf 's face , the image of tumbling red reminding him of his vivid dream .
tr	PAST	I lied to my dad and broke rules so I could find you .
tr	PAST	As the ride slowed , Nick 's phone chimed , and he pulled it out of his pocket and started texting .
tr	PAST	Helen withdrew her arms , sniffled and wiped her tears away .
tr	PRES	I wipe a tear off my cheek .
tr	PRES	Having a plan helps , however impossible .
tr	PRES	" Trying to practice drums .
tr	PAST	She doubted she could do so even with the warm drink .
tr	PRES	Although I wasn 't completely aware of those changes until some eight and a half months later .
tr	PAST	Mr. Stott motioned with the mug for them to follow him .
tr	PAST	Somehow , he doubted that .
tr	PAST	Jake stormed around in a circle like a vulture waiting to land while the clan members talked amongst themselves .
tr	PRES	" Here , mon ami .
tr	PRES	" You shine , " said Yama , " and all else reflects . "
tr	PRES	My heart lurches at the very thought of it .
tr	PRES	" But everything changes , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	Janelle 's arm immediately wraps around his neck and she holds him back .
tr	PRES	Finding a swimming pool on the upper deck surprised and pleased Camille .
tr	PAST	While on one of our daily BS sessions he fantasized of a revolutionary whim .
tr	PAST	" Hush , hush now , " reassured her rescuer .
tr	PRES	She points to the N branch .
tr	PAST	For all others , the news bore grim tidings .
tr	PAST	I dusted my knees and stepped back a ways , neatly drawing my skirt back around my ankles .
tr	PAST	I described the spell 's scene and sighed in frustration .
tr	PRES	She bobbed her head and took him to the back of her throat , again and again , her eyelids fluttering as she focused on finishing him .
tr	PAST	" As I said , we opted not to alter our laws .
tr	PAST	Tabitha stopped walking abruptly and turned to face him , her head cocked slightly to one side as she blew a strand of hair from her face .
tr	PAST	One at a time , she swiped her sweaty palms down her crisp jeans .
tr	PRES	Before he could say more , she stalked to the water table .
tr	PAST	It replaced all of his original memories and personality with that of Thomas .
tr	PAST	As a preliminary , a man and woman highlighted the major events in her short life , sharing key messages with the audience .
tr	PRES	He tastes of me .
tr	PAST	And then ... ice washed over her .
tr	PAST	I pretended to stir imaginary spaghetti with two imaginary chopsticks .
tr	PAST	She lingered a moment to nibble at the cool , sinfully smooth skin before continuing down to tease his nipple as he had teased her own .
tr	PAST	He exclaimed before realizing I was joking and rolled his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Not true , not true at all , sir , " responded Hawk in mock sincerity , " Comes at a fair price .
tr	PAST	Something lightened in Jazz 's guts , because those were the exact same steps she would have taken , in Lucia 's position .
tr	PRES	I paused , a croissant halfway to my mouth .
tr	PAST	I braced myself for the inevitable .
tr	PAST	Ten minutes later we piled into Eden 's Land Rover and on our way to Kingsley .
tr	PRES	I don 't even have access to my own room , " I protest .
tr	PRES	" While you 're traveling around the country ? "
tr	PRES	The melody echo 's through the long cave before her , and the veil of water parts in the center allowing her passage into it .
tr	PAST	I measured their responses to that .
tr	PRES	He flips me over , and I 'm sprawled on the bed , Archer 's mouth pressed hard against mine .
tr	PRES	But he loves you , Betsy . "
tr	PAST	The reason why she must have married him in the first place , however , eluded her still .
tr	PAST	A small sad smile tugged at her lips .
tr	PRES	The song fades into something louder , harder .
tr	PRES	" Pirates steal booty . "
tr	PAST	The craft sped up .
tr	PAST	They pursued the dragon with the might of a retreating army .
tr	PRES	Prewitt wears only swimming trunks and sandals .
tr	PRES	She runs in high society groups , throws big parties , that sort of shit .
tr	PRES	" The rain has slowed down , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	Her courage delighted him .
tr	PAST	She accused me of trying to take her spot , and she grabbed my arm .
tr	PRES	She snaps her fingers .
tr	PRES	yelled one short man , ringing the bell on the table .
tr	PRES	Chapter Three " Harmonia . "
tr	PAST	Pictures of kids and grandkids adorned the wall .
tr	PRES	Everything about me remembers everything about you .
tr	PRES	He reaches for a rubber band on top of the dresser and slips it onto his wrist .
tr	PRES	" Such squalid accommodations .
tr	PRES	The handler stands up and walks around my chair as if he 's leaving .
tr	PAST	He presses his knee between my legs , forcing me to part them , and I willingly submit .
tr	PAST	A growl split the air in two .
tr	PAST	Her hand in his , he tugged her along the courtyard .
tr	PAST	I tensed a little in his arms .
tr	PAST	He awoke to the voice , and he had been pacing non-stop around the hangar since .
tr	PAST	" It will come true , " Aimee urged , looking at the door .
tr	PAST	About eight the next morning , I phoned Tara , who told me where her emergency key was .
tr	PRES	No blood tests or exams today ?
tr	PAST	The soldiers nearby perked up , and the general gave me an appraising look .
tr	PAST	Zeal immediately stomped over , pushing me out of the way to confront the eccentric doctor .
tr	PRES	" At your disposal , Mr. Bogart . "
tr	PAST	He presses me into the curve of his body .
tr	PAST	Fiona took Aly 's hand , tugged it , prying her away from the spot where she 'd been glued to the floor .
tr	PRES	God sees hearts , boy .
tr	PRES	At first I resist on principle because the bastard is leaving me - " No , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	He emerged so fast that he shot out with his legs still scrabbling and landed in the snow on the roof .
tr	PAST	Alicia sensed the fear sweeping through the crowd ; it was an electric current triggering a full-blown panic in the blink of an eye .
tr	PRES	" This room was a coffin for over a year , " he explains with annoyance .
tr	PRES	I initiate the power down and memory wipe programs I had loaded to remove any trace of my messing with the computer and then answer the door .
tr	PAST	Theodosia sniffed , peered at the books on the table , and said , " Miriam is to come down for tea again this afternoon .
tr	PAST	My hands roamed his back , welcoming him closer , wondering if our bodies could fuse into one .
tr	PAST	" I never properly thanked you for Fred . "
tr	PAST	Laughing , I lightly slapped her arm .
tr	PRES	" Except - " she started to say , the panic overwhelming her .
tr	PRES	He likes anything that makes a profit , which we do .
tr	PRES	I slap his chest lightly .
tr	PRES	At our house , Dad changes the child out of daytime diaper and play clothes and into the nighttime diaper and jammies .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and ask Claire , " May I ? "
tr	PRES	" I chew my food just like everyone else .
tr	PAST	Beyond the frontiers , he secured the Empire with a buffer region of client states , and made peace with the Parthian Empire through diplomacy .
tr	PRES	Whoever blinks or looks away first loses . "
tr	PRES	" Well , at least you 're awake , " he sighs .
tr	PAST	She tipped her face up , a Madonna glow shimmering from her like the nimbus glow overhead .
tr	PAST	But the smile froze when he saw the knife in her right hand .
tr	PRES	" Jimmy , this is my lab manager , Katherine .
tr	PRES	Too bad she couldn " t seem to forget Ronan .
tr	PRES	Piers comments back on what I said earlier but I 'm not listening .
tr	PRES	" But only a man deserves to die standing , and you are not a man . "
tr	PAST	Then a man in black charged at her .
tr	PAST	Jude tensed , the smile faltering .
tr	PAST	I pondered that for a moment .
tr	PRES	He pushes his way through the crowd to get to us .
tr	PRES	With a sigh , I lean back and close my eyes , tuning out the chatter around me .
tr	PAST	Her entire body stiffened against the pain that exploded through her .
tr	PRES	" Ethan Landry ? "
tr	PRES	" Even if I should have to go begging in the streets .
tr	PRES	I value my freedom .
tr	PAST	At Jo 's question , Ruby stiffened and clutched her bag .
tr	PAST	A black belt cinched the middle , the rest of the dress draping down and hitting above the knee .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	He deserves to be happy for a while . "
tr	PRES	She frowns in consternation .
tr	PAST	" I still don 't know what you 're talking about , " Jay lied , maintaining his innocence even now .
tr	PAST	And the nurse stormed out of the room .
tr	PAST	Zane slowed , dreading what he might find .
tr	PRES	Dante holds his hand over her nose and mouth hoping the guard won ´ t hear her .
tr	PRES	' Hah ; thank goodness for that , eh ? '
tr	PAST	" It 's the only way , " she urged in a hard whisper .
tr	PAST	Markman stifled a laugh .
tr	PRES	Robin holds up her hands .
tr	PAST	Ry steered me away from the wreckage .
tr	PAST	" Pick one , " Dante instructed .
tr	PRES	Sean clutches his stomach , wincing at the pain .
tr	PAST	Instead of the killer , I stole life from the victims .
tr	PAST	Those that had seen them stated they couldn 't agree to go ahead until they saw evidence of Little Spirit transforming capacity audiences .
tr	PRES	He placed the box beside him and crossed his arms , resting them on a stomach that strained the buttons on his extra large shirt .
tr	PRES	The first benefit 's auctions yield higher than anticipated funds for each item auctioned .
tr	PAST	The bum claimed ignorance .
tr	PAST	" Madeline and Charlotte are awesome , " Laurel piped up .
tr	PAST	Her mind replayed the elongated butchering of her name , and she lost herself in a torrent of hysterical laughter .
tr	PAST	Then he sought out Zane for his opinion .
tr	PRES	Commander Jameson strikes first .
tr	PRES	Not cold though , warm for September , pleasant almost .
tr	PRES	" Apparently , he visits the king on a daily basis . "
tr	PRES	One shone with a dazzling silver white light .
tr	PAST	She stiffened at the suggestion , but then smiled and said , " Don 't be silly .
tr	PAST	Going to the kitchen , Rachel dialed Honey Mayfield , keeping her fingers crossed that some emergency hadn 't already called Honey out .
tr	PRES	" About six more kills .
tr	PRES	Trick reaches for me .
tr	PAST	And then he slapped my ass and walked away .
tr	PRES	" Arrogant prick . "
tr	PRES	" James , please notify both the new and old Guards that there will be a meeting this evening . "
tr	PAST	In the back , it featured a society page .
tr	PAST	He stares at me as if trying to rip the answers from my mind .
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PRES	He touches his nose .
tr	PAST	" Never trusted either one of those shuck traitors . "
tr	PAST	He risked a peek over the cruiser 's melted trunk , and saw a dwarf break cover .
tr	PRES	The maid greeted , her face expressionless though .
tr	PRES	Jason just loves , well you know , stuff like that . "
tr	PAST	a deep voice boomed .
tr	PAST	Even before she turned on the light , she froze , instinct taking over .
tr	PRES	I don 't know if I want to ever get married , " I confess , hanging my head .
tr	PAST	She crouched down beside Brenda and looked her over .
tr	PRES	It was a foolish endeavor , " she states clearly and without a hint of nervousness .
tr	PAST	A monster so fearsome it would give Dracula shingles .
tr	PAST	He eyed us over his aviators .
tr	PRES	Tearing his eyes from those below , he begins moving again .
tr	PRES	But I settle for a small smile .
tr	PAST	Adams reflected on this before asking about the body in London .
tr	PRES	Even when she wanted to spend time at home , his mother ruined everything .
tr	PAST	After a few seconds , the blade retracted , then the door slid upward .
tr	PAST	Carol plopped back down and jerked half a dozen tissues from the box in quick succession .
tr	PAST	He plunged in his other foot and the same thing happened , but it was too soon to think about emptying them .
tr	PAST	She exhaled and paced the length of the aisle .
tr	PAST	William froze , becoming aware of a faint , slow beat .
tr	PAST	He pinched her cl * t again then slowly moved his fingers back into her cunt .
tr	PAST	The worry lines reappeared on her forehead .
tr	PRES	" Calm down , lass .
tr	PRES	" He doesn 't look like himself , " Suzy states .
tr	PRES	My father remembers hearing more about the horses than about the man . "
tr	PAST	" I certainly hope not , " Aries grunted .
tr	PAST	" Sure , " Molly announced with glee and ran to grab hold of Jake 's arm .
tr	PRES	Adel snaps , " Don 't talk about her ! "
tr	PRES	Through the darkness , I detect the microscopic glow of a cigarette .
tr	PAST	Gran scooted out of her chair and shuffled toward me , her arms outstretched .
tr	PRES	But sometimes those clever menu writers word things in just such a way we get confused .
tr	PAST	Michael stormed back upstairs .
tr	PRES	I rifle through my closet .
tr	PRES	I dismount and drop the reins at the base of the dune , effectively tethering Galen to the spot , before I help Samantha down .
tr	PRES	That corpse holds memories that must not be revealed , and so it must be destroyed . "
tr	PRES	I resemble her ? "
tr	PAST	He munched with perfunctory precision on a slice of toast .
tr	PRES	He glares at me as if I am responsible .
tr	PAST	At the name Emery , Jo 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He deserves a day in the doghouse . "
tr	PAST	He 'd already handed out his responsibilities , " Luke chimed in .
tr	PAST	Step dismounted , tied his horse to the porch then held , uncertainty scrawled over him .
tr	PAST	Firestorm Commando touches his glove and One Trick tears at the collar around her throat , falling to her knees .
tr	PAST	Grief immediately washed through me .
tr	PAST	" Cephas , how long ... " searching for words that made some sense , still inebriated with that sudden return from where I knew not .
tr	PRES	He releases the clip from his assault rifle ... it is empty .
tr	PRES	" What about your healing runes ?
tr	PAST	Her heart exploded with emotion , having only dealt with certain death just moments before .
tr	PRES	Eddie hugs him and they cry .
tr	PAST	Sent by pigeon , the few scratched sentences were close together , inked in a steady hand .
tr	PRES	" Death changes everything .
tr	PAST	Her heart writhed over the knowledge that he thought her so mercenary .
tr	PAST	' You tricked me ! '
tr	PAST	" Penn Station , New York , final stop , " the loudspeaker announced .
tr	PRES	The man next to us clears his throat .
tr	PAST	He acted like he was going to say something , then he must have changed his mind .
tr	PAST	She slapped him across the face .
tr	PAST	She thanked the Aspects she 'd never been consumed by the fantasy of a marriage wrought from true love .
tr	PRES	I swing it hard into the locking mechanism in the centre of the door .
tr	PAST	" Actually , you three are the pathetic ones , " a familiar voice intruded .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted with my hair in the mirror , applied some more lip gloss and decided to brave the rest of the night .
tr	PRES	He glances up then , forcing a smile as he notices the rest of us fixing him with weird looks .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FORTY ONE Why should she risk going back ?
tr	PAST	He withdrew drawers from their dressers and cabinets , dumping them on the floor .
tr	PRES	" He loses Wyatt and then our son renounces his citizenship ?
tr	PRES	Does she belong to you ? "
tr	PRES	The Reverend joins her , still wearing his robe .
tr	PRES	Bran stank of mead , but was in control .
tr	PRES	He holds out his arm and I slide my fingers into the crook of his elbow .
tr	PAST	His mother often visited , but lately she had begun to disappear for brief periods of time without word to anyone .
tr	PAST	She thanked him and noticed the card .
tr	PRES	" Tess loves you .
tr	PRES	" I did ask , Jess .
tr	PAST	He withdrew a white T-shirt and handed it over .
tr	PRES	She carries on , cleaning me up .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Lexi . "
tr	PAST	She sniffed slightly before turning back to walk up the stairs .
tr	PAST	Back and forth , a slow , light touch that stole the air from his lungs .
tr	PRES	She offers me her hand , and I shake it .
tr	PAST	He stares down at the charm , then finds my eyes and puts the chain around my neck .
tr	PRES	' Seven years ... ' He breathes .
tr	PRES	He weaves around a large bush , never letting go of my hand .
tr	PAST	The gan crumpled , mouth bleeding .
tr	PAST	Men strutted by in perfectly tailored suits and women glowed in couture gowns .
tr	PAST	Crowds of people flocked in two file lines .
tr	PRES	Since a tall brick wall stands between the compound and the outside world .
tr	PAST	A strange pang of unease clutched his heart at the mere thought of Kata growing old ... dying .
tr	PRES	She plays bass . "
tr	PRES	" I assume there 's a live camera feed of the Level Two corridor right outside that door ? "
tr	PAST	' You invented the spear .
tr	PAST	Anyone else whilst I 'm at it ? '
tr	PRES	Careful not to rouse my mother , Prim eases herself from the bed , scoops up Buttercup , and sits beside me .
tr	PAST	When they sat down for dinner , Jeff toasted to a successful trip .
tr	PAST	Mary awoke the following morning with nauseating adrenaline , wondering if Daren was okay .
tr	PAST	" Call him a coward , when you would 've sat and done nothing , " Reynolds flung back , resisting the push .
tr	PAST	He pitched his best arguments for reunification .
tr	PAST	I never deluded myself .
tr	PAST	He floated ahead of them , passing through the doors .
tr	PRES	It tastes decent pan-seared over the fire . "
tr	PAST	Falling into step beside her , he mesmerized her with a glance and pulled her into the shadows beside the building .
tr	PRES	It stands to reason .
tr	PRES	" Good for you , Gray .
tr	PRES	Aggie hooks her arm in Ruben 's and continues to walk practically plastered to his side .
tr	PAST	And tents were already being erected on the terrace in front of the house .
tr	PRES	" Ya , I had a job at the gun range my first year of college .
tr	PAST	" He stole my helicopter .
tr	PAST	As if in answer , like a child itching to please its mother , it dove and disappeared .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together , face shining .
tr	PRES	Vel comments now and then .
tr	PAST	The announcer 's voice boomed across the stadium .
tr	PAST	" Gee , Danni , I have some papers I could use typed up , " Chelsea joked .
tr	PRES	He points to it again as it comes and goes through the video .
tr	PAST	He smashed both fists into Jalal 's shoulders , all his strength and years of fury and frustration behind the blow .
tr	PAST	Kristoff pinched his forehead .
tr	PAST	I saluted her , attempting not to laugh at how she was trying not to smile .
tr	PRES	Serena stands over Kai , planting her trident into the sand , deep enough so it stands on its own .
tr	PRES	Go celebrate with him . "
tr	PAST	Rif tipped the bread bowl , drinking from it a small sip .
tr	PAST	But after a few bored , slow hours , Amanda finally emerged , retrieved her car , and drove off .
tr	PRES	It draws me forward , like a hand extended .
tr	PRES	" The pain danced on our tongues .
tr	PAST	The last time they 'd been around alcohol at the retirement party , Callie had skipped it as well .
tr	PRES	His relaxed posture , leaning back into the chair with his feet resting on the lower railing of the deck .
tr	PRES	Another person enters the fray .
tr	PRES	I pierce through my fingers hoping that nothing disgusting is going to happen .
tr	PRES	" But don 't engage .
tr	PRES	My thighs twitch as I release his shaft .
tr	PAST	The emotion bothered him , of course , but he didn 't deny that he felt it .
tr	PAST	Alissa giggled and answered for me .
tr	PRES	She sees it and frowns .
tr	PRES	" And the A stands for just A , does it ? "
tr	PRES	" I have a kitchen also , " Dagger comments eagerly .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the top of the stairs as Mia and Edward are coming out with Gloria .
tr	PAST	Just then , the pump jolted and gas stopped flowing .
tr	PAST	When he finally made it to the table , the man dumped the sacks down and unloaded their contents .
tr	PRES	It pays to be a Commissioner .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	The police arrive , I guess from all the commotion and they leave as quickly as they came .
tr	PRES	" Leftover from some presents I mailed out . "
tr	PRES	Passing my corner of the banner over to an eager freshman recruit , I retrieve the stack of clipboards and begin circulating with sign-up sheets .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't matter anyway , lad .
tr	PAST	He extracted his hand and flexed it absently .
tr	PRES	He returns his attention back to me .
tr	PAST	Cassandra quickly secured the chain .
tr	PRES	His likes and dislikes .
tr	PAST	Reaching inside , I extracted the brain and devoured it with a sigh .
tr	PRES	The door slides open to admit me , offering us free use of limited equipment .
tr	PAST	Spatial evacuation he thought he remembered someone explaining it to him once .
tr	PRES	I lean a little closer to Stephanie , who is leaning really close to Trevor .
tr	PAST	The NYPD tech stated the obvious .
tr	PRES	" And the supplies ? "
tr	PRES	" Fire devour ! "
tr	PAST	Dan ' r created a campfire , pulled food and drink , from paper in his cloak .
tr	PRES	Relief ripples through my body .
tr	PRES	I march right over to him and stand looking up at his tall height with my arms crossed angrily .
tr	PAST	" Take a deep breath , " I inhaled slowly to control my thoughts .
tr	PRES	" You should save your money for hay , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" We can hide the prince 's niece , " she whispers .
tr	PAST	I won 't marry you , Fletcher , ' she stated decisively .
tr	PRES	I assume you still have your precious heirloom . "
tr	PAST	The boys in the village received permanent tattoos as they passed into manhood .
tr	PAST	Nick hopped off the tailgate , reached back into the bed , and dragged the anvil toward him .
tr	PAST	Lori crawled into his lap when he sat down .
tr	PAST	My eyes bore into the top of her head , willing her to look up .
tr	PRES	I lean back , resting my head on the chair .
tr	PAST	Maybe he busted into someone 's file cabinet after all . "
tr	PRES	He snaps , " Of course it does !
tr	PAST	" He panicked and called them from the office .
tr	PAST	When she was certain she controlled them , she scooted forward until she was against the screen in the tunnel leading to the vault room .
tr	PAST	The horse perked up his ears and came quickly .
tr	PRES	" Don 't stop , " she begged .
tr	PAST	I bloody worshipped this woman .
tr	PAST	" We could distract them , " chanced June , her eyes looking in July 's direction .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted with my ink pen , drawing circles on the paper .
tr	PRES	She points back and forth between us .
tr	PRES	I mutter to myself .
tr	PRES	Luca stands and crosses to the sink to wash his hands .
tr	PRES	Where he , d heard it he couldn , t recall .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER FOUR After a minute of knocking on the door to Sebastian 's quarters , he finally opens it .
tr	PAST	It wasn 't until Buck quit talking , he became aware Gus had hung up and he was talking to a dead telephone .
tr	PRES	What about blankets and linens and healing supplies ? "
tr	PAST	Their eyes reflected a disdain that was clear in its message ... they couldn 't wait to send me to prison for the rest of my life .
tr	PAST	She froze on the spot , her hands automatically clenching into fists , and listened carefully , barely daring to breathe .
tr	PAST	" You taste like cinnamon , " I countered .
tr	PRES	Load what you can on the horses , " he bellows after painfully plucking the knife from beneath his shoulder blade .
tr	PAST	His loose , straight jeans flattered his waistline .
tr	PAST	But something reflected back as he swept his light over the nightstand -- a glass of ice water .
tr	PRES	Serves him right , too , 'cause it 's the boy what called me a runt and he should watch his mouth .
tr	PAST	He reprimanded Canute often for his temper , saying that no leader should be prone to rash decisions .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed me .
tr	PRES	He flicks his tongue across my aching clit , sending jolts of rapture through every inch of me .
tr	PRES	Amy stops , sighs and turns slowly toward me .
tr	PRES	Gus stands , his chair scraping the kitchen floor so loudly Julian covers his ears .
tr	PAST	Renton intervened and reminded them that officers had been at their homes regularly and searched for them for the last twenty-four hours .
tr	PRES	He loves you , Lex .
tr	PRES	A quick stir , and Hailey holds out the cup .
tr	PAST	He selected a clean T-shirt .
tr	PRES	" I cowboy up when the job calls for it .
tr	PRES	Blocking them , time stops , and with it the spreading of the disease . "
tr	PAST	He suckled her , nipping and soothing with alternate breaths .
tr	PRES	" Uh , thanks for talking about me like I 'm not here , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" I 'm going to see if the coast is clear , " Alec whispers a minute later .
tr	PAST	The fabric rustled as it moved over her thighs and she froze .
tr	PRES	Isaiah opens my car door and his warm silver eyes smile at me .
tr	PAST	His face crumpled with concern .
tr	PRES	But unfortunately the sarcasm misses its target since Bob is no longer there .
tr	PRES	What brings you back to Montreal ? "
tr	PRES	Without a clue as to what he should do , Rift flips his hood back with a sigh .
tr	PRES	Since the schizophrenic is accustomed constantly to ignore the surface and look beneath -- he draws a blank .
tr	PRES	But exploding teddy bears ?
tr	PAST	Sara pretended she hadn 't seen my moment of weakness and kept the conversation going .
tr	PAST	Tabitha laughed sheepishly , " Yes ... I did .
tr	PAST	" Karen named you Evelyn . "
tr	PAST	Freezing on the spot , he feared someone would come out and see him sneaking around .
tr	PAST	A full lap of the perimeter revealed there was nothing of interest .
tr	PAST	He terminated the program and backed out of the hack step by step , erasing his tracks .
tr	PAST	Liz 's punch wavered .
tr	PRES	Mother helps me to my feet .
tr	PAST	Setting her plate on the counter by the sink , Eve exited out the kitchen door and sat on the cement stoop .
tr	PAST	" I was so tired , I feared I might fall asleep in the tub .
tr	PAST	Marika must have sensed Jake 's presence .
tr	PRES	" Or witch laws . "
tr	PRES	I add the word mystical and google ' mystical music scale ' .
tr	PRES	He points past the light where we 're stopped and to the Quickie Mart on the opposite corner .
tr	PRES	No wonder Jesse likes that guy so much .
tr	PRES	His voice dripped scorn .
tr	PAST	One heavy item smashed his hand and pain briefly ricocheted through his bones .
tr	PRES	With a confident smirk , he marches through the portal and into a radically different setting .
tr	PAST	If I asked about Patch , I risked him hearing about it secondhand .
tr	PRES	Just don 't let him scare you off . "
tr	PRES	She stands beside a shiny machine , saying .
tr	PAST	" He lied to you . "
tr	PRES	" Miss Wallace ! "
tr	PAST	The lad clutched at her hair , but Louisa gently untangled his tiny fingers , kissed him again , and left them .
tr	PRES	Kent considers me , still grasping April 's hand .
tr	PRES	Meredith holds a lot of pride in this town .
tr	PRES	" Actually ... " He averted his eyes and tugged on his tie .
tr	PRES	When he got to the lyrics about taking vows I almost fell out of my chair .
tr	PAST	Maddox stiffened , anger washing through him .
tr	PAST	They proceeded through the lobby to the hotel 's front door where they exited onto Autumn 's Main Street .
tr	PRES	" Before she quit , Idiot . "
tr	PRES	I murmur after a while .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	Richard , you better keep your promise , Auron prayed .
tr	PAST	As soon as that realization bloomed on his face , Arin slapped his hand on the table .
tr	PAST	" It 's fine , " she lied , refusing to turn around , the awkwardness creeping back over them .
tr	PAST	Using a circular motion , she washed her face , then splashed cold water over her tingling skin before patting it dry with a fluffy towel .
tr	PAST	He clasped both my hands in his big hands , brought them up between us , and shook them .
tr	PAST	The fragile truce they had maintained for the past few weeks shattered .
tr	PAST	She tugged at her hand , trying to break free so she didn 't have to confront one more example of how wealthy he was .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head back , looked up at her and challenged , " Come on down and see for yourself . "
tr	PAST	He crouched beside me .
tr	PAST	" Phil has been a good Second , Lissa , " he defended Phil for that .
tr	PAST	Vivienne instructed us to follow them and we did .
tr	PRES	" I assume we 'll be making an early start again . "
tr	PAST	David stowed the drug and gave Noelle 's slim shoulders another shake .
tr	PAST	" A week after receiving the first letter , I received a second .
tr	PRES	We belong and you know we do . "
tr	PRES	What if a human three-year-old falls into a swimming pool and somebody drowns trying to rescue her ?
tr	PRES	" His ex-wife . "
tr	PAST	From the moment he joined the Institute as a visiting scholar he sought Lily 's company and followed her around with superhuman persistence .
tr	PRES	I seen smoother monkeys on Discovery channel . "
tr	PRES	She sketches it with her finger .
tr	PRES	Will you feed me ? "
tr	PAST	The sorcerer desired her , for she felt his lust like sweaty hands on her skin .
tr	PAST	he hollered from above her .
tr	PAST	There was no pretension here , no hidden meanings in the phrases they spoke , no elaborate plans designed to impress the other .
tr	PAST	You 'd think they 'd be grateful , I mean they still have their precious Prince to worship , " he grunted in disgust .
tr	PRES	Lila touches her hair self-consciously and then glances down at her dress that brushes the middle of her legs .
tr	PRES	Beast opens his mouth to speak just as I tilt the flask .
tr	PAST	" I had nothing to do with Grant Ryland 's death , " she stated without hesitation .
tr	PRES	" Just sit , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	I abandon all thoughts of catching the Watcher 's attention , and just try to escape Wilder 's notice again .
tr	PRES	She pushes her foot out , widening the crack a little , and my whole body turns to stone when I glance inside .
tr	PRES	Alex drums his fingers on the steering wheel as we gradient down the road and pass by a cemetery .
tr	PAST	The crisp , purified air of the office matched the clean , smooth walls .
tr	PAST	On his bike such cares washed away .
tr	PRES	Aspirin just sat , his mouth gaping .
tr	PAST	He doubted his father would still be up .
tr	PAST	After racing back to the kitchen the best I could on my sore legs , I slapped down a page of basic code breaking .
tr	PRES	Mr. Burke returns to the paperwork in front of him , indicating that he is done with Max .
tr	PRES	Mouth agape , the guard made a slow turn , and Malcolm could see a small hole in his chest .
tr	PRES	And now , her brother announces he 's closing up his house , without a thought to what she might want .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " he whispers and reaches for my hand .
tr	PRES	They settle because they think they need to or it 's what 's expected from them .
tr	PAST	On every full , slow thrust , Jax fisted her hair , reveling in her sounds of deep , dark pleasure .
tr	PAST	An orange glow soon accompanied a crackle of flames .
tr	PAST	The two ladies with them giggled shrilly , and the auctioneer paused for a moment as the giggles echoed throughout the crowd .
tr	PAST	" Yeah ... " Heather mirrored her , laying her head against the washer .
tr	PRES	" I just ... ah ... I just don 't want you to get hurt . "
tr	PAST	He motioned with one hand .
tr	PAST	" But his character proved too ingrained .
tr	PRES	" And shout at you . "
tr	PRES	He reaches over and rubs my back .
tr	PAST	She flung her opponent 's hands aside and smashed her head upward into his face .
tr	PRES	His body relaxes slightly .
tr	PRES	As I press a healing stone to Four 's back , the sky overhead begins to writhe with an ominous - looking storm .
tr	PAST	I pretended I wasn 't in love with you .
tr	PAST	The conflagration engulfed the entire house .
tr	PRES	" Then humor me . "
tr	PAST	Coral inhaled and pointed to the third door down the hall .
tr	PAST	At least being this parched reduced the need to go to the toilet before she went on stage .
tr	PRES	He likes to snoop , and he 'll blow our cover . "
tr	PRES	He flicks my nipple with the warm , wet muscle then sucks it into his mouth .
tr	PRES	He washes his face and then starts to shave .
tr	PAST	She destroyed all my stuff and then texted me that we needed to talk .
tr	PRES	" We 're not necessarily on opposing sides , " he mutters and then sighs , closing his eyes .
tr	PRES	" Nobody recognizes them . "
tr	PAST	You predicted it , remember ?
tr	PRES	Are the spiders your tame beasts or your pets , if killing them makes you angry ? "
tr	PRES	" Shut up , " I snap , surprising everyone in the room .
tr	PRES	" Well , I know it 's not as cool as being a waitress , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Her shoulders stiffened in defence , expecting an immediate attack on her speech .
tr	PRES	" You a cop ?
tr	PAST	The thought spurred me on .
tr	PAST	The summer sun bore down on them all .
tr	PAST	The easiest way down proved to be sort of melting along the tower wall , feeling the stones ripple past me .
tr	PAST	" Everything 's o.k. , " she announced .
tr	PAST	Yuri motioned for one of the camera men to come over .
tr	PAST	Logan 's eyes strayed from her face , looking over her as she lay there .
tr	PAST	The silver journal in his hand bore his sweaty fingerprints , and he placed it back onto the shelf .
tr	PAST	Veronica described the latest additions to the nursery and the antics of her kids at school who were all eager to get out for the summer break .
tr	PRES	It belongs , like all the great mysteries of the universe , to nature .
tr	PRES	He chuckles again at length and I wonder what 's so funny .
tr	PAST	I sling my bag over my shoulder as he gets into his car and drives away .
tr	PAST	My hand froze on the slim glass door , and hope flickered inside me .
tr	PRES	" Do you know why - " he begins , but I interrupt before he finishes , unable to hold my tongue any longer .
tr	PRES	The image flashes away , replaced by one of her crouched in the corner of a dark prison cell .
tr	PAST	" You quit ! "
tr	PRES	" Brother kills brother .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Max 's eyes immediately sought hers .
tr	PAST	Little stool tipped over .
tr	PRES	Fuck , fuck , fuck .
tr	PRES	It eases fears that I 've lived with a long time . "
tr	PRES	he teased and laughed deeply when her face suffused with that incredible color once again .
tr	PRES	She applies the sun block like massage oil , rubbing his muscles like a trained masseuse .
tr	PAST	Disgust coiled within her belly , threatening to spill over her lips but she swallowed , refusing to back down .
tr	PAST	With shaking hands , I fish out a bottle of Cabernet from the stockpile .
tr	PAST	I only attended these functions out of some bizarre sense of obligation , so there I sat again by myself in my favorite alcove .
tr	PRES	A woman in a dirty white dress crawls out of a heap of burning timber across the road .
tr	PRES	Just writing parking tickets or sittin ' up at the damn school to make sure no one speeds in the school zones ?
tr	PAST	I scoffed at it .
tr	PRES	" A viral attack of unprecedented power , " whispers a soldier .
tr	PRES	" In studio or at the White House ? "
tr	PAST	Cassandra 's head swirled at the disclosure .
tr	PRES	One of the guys falls behind to talk to me .
tr	PRES	Jacques ruffled her hair gently .
tr	PAST	" What you said earlier , " she stated .
tr	PRES	Their odor fills the room , and I can 't help but glance at them longingly .
tr	PRES	Today Jael joins me .
tr	PAST	" You want her ; you get out and go find her , " Agent Dominica advised .
tr	PRES	No offense , this creeps me out . "
tr	PRES	" That 's because our real hospital is three hours from where they found you , " Della supplies as she returns .
tr	PRES	Emma begins to push back , kicking her way past limb after limb as screams echo in response to her every action .
tr	PRES	" But Mr. Messick himself stands to make a huge amount of money off this case .
tr	PRES	Every affair is a sledgehammer to my chest , every pap photo a needle in my heart .
tr	PAST	I sobbed , thinking of all the lives that would be slain there over my vain hope of getting through the blockade .
tr	PRES	No one else fills up quite so much of my space except for Dax .
tr	PRES	She squares her shoulders , and moves toward him , and for a moment I 'm entranced by the sway of her hips .
tr	PRES	A box of real flaming matches .
tr	PAST	He slapped her again , then knelt behind her .
tr	PRES	He squeezed me harder , his lips grazing my ear .
tr	PAST	She crumpled up the note in her hands and started sobbing all over again .
tr	PRES	He slides his hand just below my ear and runs his thumb across my cheekbone .
tr	PAST	It bothered her to think what his face must look like contorted into a smile .
tr	PAST	they squealed from their side of the world .
tr	PAST	His heart leaped ; he drew away , meaning to lower her to the ground , and found her looking at him with wide gray eyes .
tr	PAST	To say all people labeled this should live , and all labeled that should die ?
tr	PAST	I prayed that Doctor Caldwell had come to call , bringing my husband back .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , and he leads the way deeper amongst the maze of cars .
tr	PAST	The changes creep farther every day , like some kind of cancer . "
tr	PRES	Before me stands a huge cavern .
tr	PRES	" I know , " he teased .
tr	PRES	Mother 's body lies out on the ground , with Callie 's arms around her .
tr	PAST	Susannah 's stomach tensed .
tr	PAST	She froze , trying to brace herself for the unbearable , but the seconds ticked past and the door didn 't open .
tr	PRES	Then when I show up to help them , they cop an attitude and tell me to blow .
tr	PAST	The man never ceased to amaze .
tr	PAST	She giggled with relief .
tr	PRES	" A couple a ' punks robbed one of the market stalls yesterday on Level 4 .
tr	PRES	That clears my head .
tr	PRES	" There you are , Mia .
tr	PAST	A few thin shafts of light revealed a small brick chamber .
tr	PAST	Brakes screeched , car doors slammed , and then I heard a garbled announcement from Sheriff Robinson .
tr	PRES	He changes the subject .
tr	PAST	They glowed a soft orange from the low flame from the workshop 's fireplace .
tr	PAST	A truck smashed in to Kate 's - . "
tr	PRES	Hailey pushes hard on Serena 's gut .
tr	PRES	" Farther and faster than you can , Kim .
tr	PAST	He hopped out of his truck , slipped on his backpacked and carried a suitcase in each hand .
tr	PAST	Viper tugged at his lace cuffs , managing to look immaculate despite his hours in the dusty cavern .
tr	PRES	" The Big Sleep .
tr	PAST	They eyed Michael but made no move to get up .
tr	PRES	He slides me onto his lap and squeezes me tightly against him .
tr	PRES	Everyone likes you . "
tr	PAST	The American panicked and tried to run . "
tr	PRES	" Just kidding , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	She flicks the lighter and starts moving the flame along the glass .
tr	PAST	" Well then , I promise to start with small bites , " he joked , taking a bite out of his steak .
tr	PRES	And as I said , your loyalty belongs to your family .
tr	PRES	" Nothing even slows them down .
tr	PRES	" You ok , sir ? "
tr	PRES	So I smack my hand on my forehead and say , " Oh , I forgot .
tr	PRES	But someone else always pays for my Sight .
tr	PRES	and my sword refuses to strike . "
tr	PRES	" Thirty plus enemy , roughly fifteen meters aft of my position . "
tr	PRES	I assume that 's because he didn 't expect me to survive .
tr	PAST	Ernest strapped himself into the winch and eased himself down to the ground .
tr	PRES	Chapter 14 Strange Winds When Allie and Milos returned to the interstate , Moose and Squirrel were there , but Mikey was nowhere to be seen .
tr	PAST	I cleaned and packed my ass off for the rest of the morning .
tr	PRES	They absorb information from their mentors .
tr	PRES	" Calm down , bud . "
tr	PRES	Tegan 's eyes shone with misery but she obliged , showing him her stride .
tr	PAST	Your mother received blood magic from your father and it didn 't turn her into one . "
tr	PRES	Let 's not snap to any rash conclusions . "
tr	PRES	His lips expand to an enormous grin .
tr	PRES	He hauled on the collective .
tr	PRES	He flips Jael , who counters with a wrench of his arm .
tr	PRES	Although she tended to keep those sort of judgements to herself , that I recall . "
tr	PRES	Kamil opens the door and sees that the bed has not been slept in .
tr	PAST	But as he stared ahead , watching the bride and groom , more weighty thoughts eventually intruded .
tr	PRES	I gape at the man as he enters the room .
tr	PAST	Another guttural groan emerged from between his lips .
tr	PRES	So powerful ... and so mind blowing .
tr	PAST	Ironically , his brother preferred romantic comedies .
tr	PAST	Turning Styx regarded the frail man with a sharp pang of horror .
tr	PRES	* Chapter 44 The door opens .
tr	PAST	Laughing , Macy twirled out from under his arm and ran to the waiting area .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head like a hunting dog .
tr	PRES	she whispers , her voice cracking .
tr	PAST	" This is your fault , " she accused , trying to ignore the feel of his mouth against her bare skin .
tr	PRES	Americus Freeman ... " Matthew almost spit a mouthful of stew .
tr	PAST	Their kiss deepened and his tongue flicked against hers .
tr	PAST	The Black Jewel glowed .
tr	PAST	There was no blood , instead he exploded it into blue light and vanished into nothing .
tr	PRES	A worried male voice pins me to the wall even more .
tr	PRES	He wove the truck past an unusual abundance of cars lining the street leading into the complex .
tr	PRES	" Fine , " I snap .
tr	PAST	He regarded Reid speculatively .
tr	PAST	He slowed his steps and eventually came to a halt .
tr	PRES	Plus it helps me feel like I 'm pulling my own weight .
tr	PAST	" I freed you .
tr	PAST	It writhed , and quivered like a swarm of insects , then slowly , shapes began to form within its ebbing mass .
tr	PRES	ABE HAD THE KIND OF APPEARANCE that could leave many people speechless , even if they knew nothing about him .
tr	PRES	" To hell , Albert .
tr	PAST	Tara prayed she knew what she was doing .
tr	PAST	She sensed a change in plans , a quiet desperation .
tr	PRES	" Here you are , Miss Carmichael .
tr	PAST	She toyed with a lock of his hair .
tr	PRES	" Miss Gray . "
tr	PAST	He exhaled heavily while shrugging in utter bewilderment .
tr	PRES	" Trust me Savannah . "
tr	PAST	Perhaps he identified with them , as his species was hunted and they , too , could be both lethal and gentle .
tr	PAST	Everyone treated him like a stupid child to hurt , trick , and take whatever they wanted from .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up and he laughs .
tr	PRES	This time I connect .
tr	PAST	He whisked her away while I was still getting on some shorts .
tr	PRES	" An Angel . "
tr	PAST	The readout identified her next-door neighbor .
tr	PAST	I never bothered to care .
tr	PRES	" After a phoenix burns up and dies , " she explained , " a new one rises from the ashes . "
tr	PRES	Then , she whispers something , that I can 't hear , but I can figure out .
tr	PAST	As the evening lengthened , Mother Ruby collected her things , and led her expectant daughter out into the small meadow behind their home .
tr	PAST	Kylie 's body jolted up and down with the footfalls .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PRES	" And Ashton ? "
tr	PAST	She flapped her hand at him .
tr	PRES	He deftly removes my clothes , wipes my tears and kisses me passionately while caressing me gently , possessing me , coddling me , loving me .
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as she led the stallion over a tall fence , then off into the woods , executing the jump flawlessly .
tr	PAST	" At least the TV looks like it 's okay , " Tommy joked .
tr	PAST	Silver fish zigzagged away as they passed over the surface .
tr	PRES	Adel glares at him but keeps his mouth shut .
tr	PRES	A sharp pinch steals my breath .
tr	PRES	Especially a summons from a member of the Standing Committee .
tr	PRES	The brilliant figures still surround him .
tr	PRES	Could you spare me a few minutes ? '
tr	PAST	Having one they treated as a friend .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a shuddering breath .
tr	PAST	A company of a dozen cavalry charged on horseback across the bridge .
tr	PAST	They emerged into a large clearing on a hillside .
tr	PAST	Zach motioned at the line of pledges .
tr	PRES	" Please ... ah , fuck ! "
tr	PRES	As Jonathan becomes alight with the engulfing flame , he rips at me .
tr	PRES	I scramble through , grabbing up Dham 's pack as I go .
tr	PRES	I bury a kiss over her head as we walk toward the student parking lot .
tr	PAST	When I walked into Professor Martin 's office , he eyed me with confusion .
tr	PRES	" So that 's that settlement then , " Viola whispers as we take a look behind us and watch it disappear behind a bend .
tr	PRES	To take her head between his hands and hear a satisfying crack just to shut her up , but that was for later .
tr	PAST	a pretty redhead exclaimed , stepping out of the kitchen and eyeing him in amazement .
tr	PRES	And they proceed to live and flourish at their expense . "
tr	PAST	He seized a handful of pebbles and flung them into Rob 's face .
tr	PRES	With the sun descending in the sky , the flames from a dozen tiki torches amplified the golden colors of the sky .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , elbows on my knees .
tr	PAST	She twirled around , making her dress swing out in an arc around her , before she smoothed it back down into place .
tr	PRES	He speeds up a little , but stays within the limit , reaching out a calming hand to touch my knee .
tr	PAST	Calm and control jolted through him , spreading through his veins .
tr	PRES	" Thank you ... " Elizabeth whispers softly .
tr	PAST	I clasped my hands .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Frightened eyes glowed back at him from the darkness under the dome .
tr	PRES	That explains everything , why I have dreamed gardens all my life , and drawn pictures of gardens with crayons .
tr	PRES	I wipe the back of my hand across it , but that doesn 't do much good .
tr	PRES	" Because I need to ask forgiveness from both of you . "
tr	PAST	A muscle in Emma 's jaw tensed .
tr	PAST	He tensed , staring up at her .
tr	PRES	Nicolas sighed , already spent from the fight and from the argument with John , " Fine . "
tr	PAST	Rain bounced off the stone , creating a haze of spray .
tr	PAST	One after the other they practically exploded , their doors blown right off the hinges .
tr	PRES	" They await us now . "
tr	PAST	He yawned and made a hand gesture to indicate that he didn 't care either way what I did with myself .
tr	PAST	" Well -- " Helen flicked a clump of oily hair over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Something masculine , no doubt . "
tr	PRES	Chancellor freezes as he waits for an answer .
tr	PAST	But she selected her meal : a bowl of soup and water .
tr	PAST	As we approached him , and naively called , he suddenly arose .
tr	PAST	Slamming my mental shields into place , I inhaled a shaky breath .
tr	PRES	" Colors , Colors , Colors ! "
tr	PRES	She outright glares at me .
tr	PRES	His eyebrows rumpled as he awaited her answer .
tr	PAST	Echo attempted a thankful smile , but failed .
tr	PAST	My phone vibrated in my pocket , but I didn 't dare look at it .
tr	PAST	Sliding into bed that night , she prayed hard , asking God to forgive her for today .
tr	PAST	Jenny slapped him on his arm , but it was playful .
tr	PAST	Then she flattened her hand to his chest and brought a close to his ability to think .
tr	PAST	Everything about her appealed to him .
tr	PAST	She froze as the shadow leveled a sword at the throat .
tr	PAST	An array of beach towels created a colorful patchwork upon the grass embankment surrounding the pool .
tr	PRES	" And Scarlett ? "
tr	PRES	Miles bursts out from the shadowy corner and is upon Nancy in a second .
tr	PAST	He eyed her as she moved over to the refrigerator , taking out a pot of kimchi soup , and placed it on the stove .
tr	PRES	Before I even get to the door Marie opens it with open arms .
tr	PRES	It rips across the field , coming straight at us .
tr	PRES	With that , she opens the door for me and I step out of the room .
tr	PRES	Will you file the papers ? "
tr	PRES	We shuffle off and the doors close .
tr	PAST	Harold 's nerve flattened under a veil of crushing disbelief .
tr	PAST	His woodsy scent still lingered in the air , and my skin still danced from his touch .
tr	PRES	Other than a cursory glance , Pen pays him no heed .
tr	PRES	Whether someone takes his place as Lord of the Hunt remains to be seen .
tr	PAST	Stevie 's project featured a replica of Mission San Luis Rey built out of everything from fishing wire to ice-cream sticks .
tr	PRES	Family legend holds that Adelaide Pyne was able to reverse the process .
tr	PRES	Who buys the beer ? "
tr	PRES	The crack bellows like a shockwave throughout the room and Serena takes a step back .
tr	PAST	A man who would not have risked his life for anything other than love .
tr	PAST	Kyra squealed next to him .
tr	PAST	A harried local cop who looked like he 'd been given his badge yesterday chased a couple walking in his direction .
tr	PRES	Thankfully for Avalon , the King currently blames her for the attack on Kiran 's life .
tr	PAST	Rather than feeling fear , she glowed against that darkness with the blaze of her own light , with the heat of her body .
tr	PAST	She muffled her giggle with a mouthful of sandwich .
tr	PRES	And Ray belongs to Jimmy and Jimmy belongs to Mr. Birch And nobody messes with Mr. Birch .
tr	PAST	" You 're kidding , " I exclaimed , my nerves stirring my bladder .
tr	PAST	" He chased off the Second Hill boys , and eventually ran them out .
tr	PRES	" Did you fold my underwear for me ? "
tr	PRES	A murmured hiss like the flecked exhalation of a snake .
tr	PRES	' Did you scratch your wife during sexual relations as a form of sadism ? '
tr	PAST	I squinted through the rain .
tr	PAST	Over a mug of steaming coffee , I replayed my interviews and made notes .
tr	PAST	She had done the wrong thing once before , risked her friendship with Mia and her place in this family .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something as he curled up on his side , his breathing deepening .
tr	PAST	Ethan 's laugh rumbled against her chest .
tr	PAST	Pansy glided her chair out of the way and sorted mail .
tr	PAST	She feared she would never make right with her past .
tr	PRES	Diggs likes that kind of thing .
tr	PAST	Finally , William 's doctor exited the bedroom and gently closed the door behind him .
tr	PAST	" I thought you 'd never ask , " one of the defensive lineman slurred , staggering up to me .
tr	PRES	" What a psycho , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	I froze up when dad grabbed the bat from me . "
tr	PAST	She petted the wolf and then squeezed her eyes shut , calling upon the healing magic within her , magic that had gotten stronger .
tr	PAST	When activated , local law enforcement received direct notification .
tr	PAST	Red eyes glowed at him evilly from a white , skeletal face .
tr	PRES	One of them rises to the crown of the head .
tr	PAST	Slowly moving backwards , out of the room , as if she thought they might see her .
tr	PAST	All downed their tube and waited .
tr	PRES	He loves you , and you are both upset .
tr	PAST	Ryder swiped out and let his claws rip open the human 's side .
tr	PRES	But just as he felt the need to squeeze her even tighter , something disturbed them .
tr	PAST	She thanked him one last time and then he turned to leave .
tr	PRES	Then they reappear , really tiny , but they never really disappeared in the first place .
tr	PAST	Ending them required silver .
tr	PAST	NSA 's already hacked the key Internet hubs and when the time comes , they 'll take control of all main trunk fiber optic connections .
tr	PRES	" And vise versa . "
tr	PRES	Kimber smiled brilliantly , her eyes still watery .
tr	PAST	Overhead , Nadia twirled her belt .
tr	PAST	He dove into the forest dodging trees and swiping branches from his face .
tr	PRES	" One would hope , given that she is in the kitchen , " mumbled sister Roberta from behind the stove .
tr	PAST	Jameson scoffed and leaned forward .
tr	PRES	" And empathy . "
tr	PAST	You lied to me by omission , Gabriel .
tr	PAST	Both Bob and Peggy froze in horror .
tr	PAST	Wolf Eyes withdrew the knife and put it back in the hot bear oil .
tr	PAST	She thanked her angels that traffic moved well , if in thick swarming patterns .
tr	PAST	A tourniquet circled her left bicep .
tr	PRES	" It occurs to me that a certain amount of reciprocity might be called for . "
tr	PAST	Her slight wriggle against his thigh urged him to keep right on pursuing this path .
tr	PAST	Almost immediately , the stranger slapped his forehead with his right hand , as if squashing a mosquito .
tr	PAST	He sensed my distress , but had no idea what had happened between me and Lili thus far .
tr	PAST	She massaged his chest , while she slid her lips across his shoulders .
tr	PRES	She " d always known how to make an entrance .
tr	PRES	" I assume so . "
tr	PRES	The author uses this fictional narrative as a platform to express various concepts ; some lost and some yet to be found .
tr	PAST	He unzipped the bag and pulled out a familiar tube and a plastic packet .
tr	PAST	Philip 's face brightened at the idea .
tr	PRES	His energy hummed inside me , a potent vibrancy that ignited my blood and made every inch of me sing .
tr	PRES	Jack returns the look with an excited smile .
tr	PAST	He dumped his sleeping bag on the kitchen floor , walked over to Carol and dutifully kissed her cheek .
tr	PAST	So he grunted at her .
tr	PAST	The sudden thought of Ryan 's lips against mine shattered any thoughts of returned slumber .
tr	PRES	" Another omelet ? "
tr	PAST	Martin extended his arm , looking down the sights of the gun .
tr	PRES	And she lays back and looks at the stars , and when she closes her eyes she can still see them .
tr	PAST	It glowed unevenly , sections of the character very dim .
tr	PAST	Paul thanked him , and the janitor went back thru the double doors into the other gym .
tr	PAST	" Ten dollars , " she mumbled , frowning .
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hand slightly to get me to turn and walk up a set of stairs .
tr	PAST	Connie steadied the soggy trail map in her hands but couldn 't make heads or tails of it in the drowning rain .
tr	PRES	Rachel eases over and pats the empty space beside her .
tr	PRES	I n the quiet that follows their departure , it strikes me : I 'm staying .
tr	PAST	With less than twenty metal collars , and over thirty captives , they collared only the most mature of the captives .
tr	PRES	More than likely , it belongs to our missing woman . "
tr	PRES	" Well , why would she steal it ?
tr	PAST	Madoc eyed her frail body .
tr	PAST	He posts a response with this question and waits .
tr	PAST	He slowed the vintage car , angling off to the side of the road , easing to a stop .
tr	PRES	I wince as I pull myself up , a sharp pain shooting through my ankle , a sting in my palm .
tr	PAST	Both ladies froze as their hearts stopped beating .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it awful early to be calling people ? "
tr	PRES	Dervish freezes when he sees the chess sets .
tr	PAST	The floors are dark , hand carved wood with a distressed finish .
tr	PRES	She senses it too .
tr	PRES	And then the most extraordinary thing occurs .
tr	PRES	" Black Cross . "
tr	PAST	She yawned and tried to wake up .
tr	PRES	" Come with me , Savannah .
tr	PRES	Her hand , which had never left his shoulder , tightened its grip , her fingertips digging into his muscle .
tr	PRES	" Do it , Kathleen .
tr	PAST	I wept like I had never wept before .
tr	PRES	" ... Percival Strange , in order to find whether he is worthy of the office of Master Caretaker . "
tr	PAST	Meyer thanked her and headed for his own office .
tr	PRES	" It was pretty far , " I add .
tr	PAST	" Traffic 's getting very heavy , " reported Miller a bit later .
tr	PRES	He pushes his hand through his dark hair .
tr	PRES	" From what I 've heard and remember , any kid who was that ambitious belongs locked up to protect others from chaos .
tr	PAST	I ambled toward the kitchen , looking for busy work .
tr	PRES	She mutters as she walks off without another word to me .
tr	PAST	They dared not continue to the rendezvous at the fort until they knew they 'd shaken their tail .
tr	PRES	Might such pots not sometimes fall ?
tr	PAST	I matched Lucy 's resigned sigh with one of my own .
tr	PRES	" Is this what you 've been wanting , Byron ? "
tr	PRES	Thoroughly amused , the dark man chuckles at his misplaced bravery , crossing his arms and waiting for the pathetic attack to fail .
tr	PRES	And she likes me . "
tr	PRES	And his expression falls .
tr	PAST	Not that he had really doubted it .
tr	PAST	She would have slapped me if I was closer .
tr	PAST	His gaze zeroed in on my stomach .
tr	PAST	" I 'll make sure she 's on her best behavior , " Taylor reassured her confidently .
tr	PAST	Natalie lingered behind , her eyes on Brian as he watched his fiancée exit with a satisfied smile on his face .
tr	PAST	He cocooned her against his stomach through the worst of it , cooing to her like he 'd never done to another .
tr	PRES	" I , um ... " I pushed away from the floor .
tr	PRES	Kevin stands off to the side of the door while I stop to talk to her , and Lacey shrugs apologetically .
tr	PRES	A girl gang passes near me , and that teenage girls started to giggle when they saw me .
tr	PAST	When she quickly received the reply , " Cancel " , she gritted her teeth and considered her options .
tr	PAST	" And everybody , too .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat , the first sign of oncoming fear , but she resisted .
tr	PAST	When I came up , Rafe 's arms enfolded me .
tr	PRES	She likes ordering people around .
tr	PRES	" My second protector .
tr	PRES	He holds up a hand to show she 's about as tall as his shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Any hidden tattoos I should know about ?
tr	PAST	" I remember that windbreak , " Lydia chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , cuz .
tr	PRES	He remains on the edge , while the icy wind lashes his face and makes his garments flutter .
tr	PRES	My arms fold over my chest , my brow arching .
tr	PAST	The pilots terminated immediately its guidance , as they maneuvered to avoid being hit ; even without assurance tht their missiles will not alter its course .
tr	PAST	He scribbled a room number on his card and handed it to Simon .
tr	PRES	A steady hum begins to rise .
tr	PAST	When he arrived , his wife , Rhoda , accompanied him .
tr	PRES	" Too suspicious , so soon after those deaths . "
tr	PAST	I crouched down in front of the cabinet below the kitchen sink .
tr	PAST	Lila piped up , " It is amazing how quickly we can be stupid . "
tr	PRES	" Welcome to Maple 's po -- oh , it 's you again , " she sighs , quickly dropping her fake enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	Green lights floated in the air , matching the shapes of garden spirits that popped behind the flowers .
tr	PAST	Her blond hair glowed with the reflected light , and Ambrose could clearly see that she had nothing on under the thin gown .
tr	PRES	Serena peels her eyes away from the beach .
tr	PRES	" That 's crazy , " he hisses at me .
tr	PRES	The screen flashes a welcome at me , loading my user profile .
tr	PAST	I prayed quietly , and only for Ricky .
tr	PRES	The Nevada clan chief narrowed his gaze , his strange silver eyes shimmering with a dangerous glow .
tr	PRES	" Just let Nine out of the water and we 'll talk , " I plead .
tr	PRES	And he ... he , ah ... " She inhaled a deep , unsteady breath and released it slowly .
tr	PRES	My neighbor rattles his head , no .
tr	PRES	" Sweet Jesus on the cross . "
tr	PAST	The dream completely shattered , and I found myself alert and sitting up in the inn 's bed .
tr	PRES	It brings tears to my eyes ! "
tr	PAST	Mari exhaled a breath she hadn 't known she 'd held and dropped her hand .
tr	PAST	" Have a seat , " Sen instructed the new members .
tr	PAST	A hung-over Preston emerged from the house , cup of coffee in hand , with Oliver trotting briskly next to him and barking at the visitors .
tr	PAST	He balled his hands into fists .
tr	PAST	She tugged on my arm and dragged me toward the elevator .
tr	PRES	" She holds herself back from people , something I know all about from personal experience . "
tr	PAST	I even soaked in the tub for an hour , enjoying the feel of hot water , even though it was 90 degrees outside .
tr	PAST	He cups my face , brushing the hair off my forehead , delicately running his fingers along my hairline , my cheekbones and jaw .
tr	PRES	" Your mom hates the world , I avoid it , and you try to save it . "
tr	PAST	She extended a pale , dirty foot to check it for injury .
tr	PRES	And all you ' ve done there is create a beacon to which the free planets and moons of the Alignment can now rally . '
tr	PRES	And sometimes even the assailants .
tr	PRES	Then he returns , takes his seat , glares at me .
tr	PAST	I slowed and stopped at the bottom of the steps .
tr	PAST	All around her the ocean churned .
tr	PAST	With quick movements , he secured her hands to the branch , and her eyes popped back open in surprise .
tr	PRES	" And I assume a transfusion won 't help .
tr	PAST	Already the maids eyed her with cautious unease .
tr	PAST	As the music began , the newlyweds floated across the floor as if their feet weren 't even touching the ground .
tr	PAST	" Terrible , we mourned for months . "
tr	PRES	He flips my hand and presses a kiss against my palm , but he offers nothing else .
tr	PRES	" Part of me wishes I could stay . "
tr	PAST	As she wiped away a tear , a hand tenderly clutched her shoulder .
tr	PAST	No one dared , especially not here .
tr	PRES	" Hunter and his cutie pie , Tiffany . "
tr	PRES	Elis holds my arm and pilots me through the Manor 's gates .
tr	PAST	The Frenchman motioned for the soldier to hurry over , but his focus never left Painter .
tr	PRES	" It 's a different question entirely , one that opens up all sorts of different subjects .
tr	PRES	It always pays to have the gods on your side , no matter how small .
tr	PAST	Bo 's speeding fingers slowed on the strings .
tr	PRES	" I assume you have a tracking thread on me . "
tr	PRES	" How awful for you and the rest of your family .
tr	PAST	I tensed at Jackson 's words but he just glanced at me and smiled .
tr	PRES	" And the winner is , " he sings .
tr	PRES	Eight to one on , eh ? '
tr	PRES	He groaned deep , and his fingers thrust again , his movements ragged .
tr	PRES	Also as punishment , I assume .
tr	PRES	' ' Quick ! "
tr	PAST	Reyes palmed his gun and a knife .
tr	PAST	Her rough breath slowed and deepened and she did not cry .
tr	PRES	I lean against him .
tr	PRES	My body arches forward , but Faye holds me still .
tr	PRES	My eyes went to the caper flowers cascading from the trellis , their alien shapes begging to be sketched .
tr	PRES	Great signal flare and perfectly good to blow something to pieces . "
tr	PRES	Where r u guys ?
tr	PRES	" Isn 't your lease up soon ? "
tr	PAST	Got your head in the game ? "
tr	PRES	Valerie states as she activates the speakers .
tr	PRES	The smoke clears as we make our way out of the mountains .
tr	PRES	Please , no more broody poets .
tr	PRES	" Well , sir , " he talks as if he still has someone listening to him , a habit he adopted to entertain himself when alone .
tr	PAST	I sling my backpack around , knocking fake Zeke off his feet .
tr	PRES	She winks then starts to really dance .
tr	PAST	" So , " Talon inquired after a moment .
tr	PAST	The pilot hollered back to him from his chair at the plane 's controls .
tr	PAST	I slowed my left hand as my right hand moved quicker across the keys , to show the anticipation .
tr	PAST	Sarah panicked and began flailing about , becoming soon entangled by the rapidly sinking and suffocating cover .
tr	PAST	" Time my ass , " I exploded , holding it away .
tr	PRES	" But I assume there are only two possibilities for it . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Nine My head jerked violently off the pillow , startling me awake from a fretful sleep .
tr	PAST	He panicked and let out a shrill whistle , yelling loud enough to wake the deaf pig napping under the papaya tree .
tr	PRES	" What kind of jackass steals from a little girl ? "
tr	PAST	She hooked her finger into his waistband .
tr	PRES	She likes to flirt and sometimes she flirts with the wrong guy .
tr	PRES	Totem , standing at the side of the road , snorts at us defiantly .
tr	PRES	" I tagged you ! "
tr	PRES	" There was a detective asking questions , " he begins .
tr	PRES	" Yes , there are , " Will begins speaking .
tr	PRES	" This binds two but makes one subordinate to the other .
tr	PAST	I attempted to make dishwashing sound interesting , which was hard to do .
tr	PRES	Maurice hates that . '
tr	PAST	Anna crouched down beside her , cupping Tasha 's face in her palm .
tr	PAST	Mr. Stephen grunted and Lady Claire took a step toward him before he motioned her to stay put .
tr	PAST	Soft , blonde curls caressed my shoulders , and just a hint of blush and pink lip gloss reminded me that I had makeup on at all .
tr	PRES	Jayden releases Sean and knocks him flying to the ground .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , " I think that story getting passed around is a little exaggerated . "
tr	PRES	" A virus ? "
tr	PRES	Lewis saw them then , a waving swarm of tiny pale worm shapes cresting the rubble .
tr	PAST	She squinted , as if the room were too bright for her .
tr	PAST	I phoned Ed McCarthy again .
tr	PAST	He always referred to me as ' kid ' even though I told him my name several times .
tr	PRES	He pays in exact change , and I pretend it 's because he 's trying to make my life easier .
tr	PAST	Primitive , sniffed Aunt Tatiana .
tr	PAST	" Because Lily 's already taken , " he joked giving Adam an amused look .
tr	PRES	Turning to his crew , Black Beard states , " I don 't think that this boy is crazy .
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands .
tr	PRES	" The blood splatter ruined my best nightgown .
tr	PAST	I motioned to India , looking for help .
tr	PRES	With one suave move , he whipped the serving tray out and let it clatter to the floor .
tr	PAST	Much like one of those chain reaction car wrecks , I tipped off balance to my side and struck a man holding a drink in his hand .
tr	PRES	She speeds past us in a tizzy .
tr	PAST	He toyed with the idea of lighting a match and putting it out of its misery , but there was no time for ceremonies .
tr	PRES	Oh , sweet baby Jesus .
tr	PRES	George asked , pul ing me out of my reverie .
tr	PRES	Throughout math , Sam passes me notes .
tr	PRES	" Don 't you worry , Windle .
tr	PAST	While Raja made space with the music , pictures of the victims and suspects floated in and out of view .
tr	PAST	Her heart churned faster and faster .
tr	PRES	He slams his fist into the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	Walking backwards like a total badass , Caleb circled it , making it turn around to keep him in his line of sight .
tr	PAST	Pale yellow fire crawled up his finger , and Bastian grinned .
tr	PAST	A quick glance reassured him the other six team members were keeping pace with him and Cuervo .
tr	PRES	He flips open the front hatch of the Bug .
tr	PRES	" The other people here in her age range . "
tr	PRES	My body opens to the sunlight , taking in the thin stream of sustenance .
tr	PRES	Hybrid and to a lesser extent electric vehicles , the later with serious practical draw backs , represent inroads .
tr	PAST	Tim piped up , " That 's because you 're not that motivated to sell .
tr	PAST	So that 's why Carson West showed up on my doorstep , I fumed inside my head .
tr	PAST	26 While the Ashland underworld looked on , Madeline and I both readied ourselves for our duel .
tr	PRES	He stares at the other side of the rink .
tr	PAST	" I overslept , " he yawned , running a hand through his cow licked hair .
tr	PAST	They crouched down so they weren 't the tallest things around anymore .
tr	PRES	Micha reaches the grass , just before the fence divides our houses .
tr	PRES	They ban my video when I need their support more than I 've ever needed it ?
tr	PRES	I recall my father waiting at the door with a leather strap in hand .
tr	PRES	" But can we spare the men ?
tr	PRES	I really value sex like you do . "
tr	PRES	Roger opens my door and steps aside for me to walk in .
tr	PAST	Mandy handled them carefully , examining them one by one .
tr	PAST	I endured law school because I knew it would soon end .
tr	PAST	His right arm curved around her waist and he led her to the entrance of the restaurant .
tr	PAST	" Or he could make a fast fortune , " Jeremy countered .
tr	PAST	She prayed the boy would still be there later .
tr	PAST	Cassie shuffled wearily forward until he came into view .
tr	PRES	Luke 's eyes darken , shadows in the inadequate light flowing in from the lampposts , casinos , and sights outside .
tr	PRES	An old man wearing a knitted cap , Tom 's old overalls and pink mittens pushes a shopping cart loaded down with blankets and clothes .
tr	PAST	Jack 's eyes pierced me , raking across my body , landing on my face and finally meeting my gaze .
tr	PRES	Again , he touches the white line .
tr	PAST	I attempted to ignore her pointed gaze .
tr	PAST	She abandoned the thought as easily as it came to her .
tr	PRES	He presents her with his player grin .
tr	PRES	And something slams into my consciousness .
tr	PAST	I dumped it out on the nearest bed and was rewarded with a smaller hairbrush choked with Teenie 's dark hair .
tr	PAST	Water sloshed from the jug .
tr	PAST	He flicked his snake 's tongue at me and I freaked .
tr	PAST	" Thanks for dinner , " he mumbled , shoving everything back into his pockets .
tr	PAST	Then Beren awoke , and sped through the night , and came back to the lair of the outlaws on the second morning .
tr	PRES	Did she describe them to you ? "
tr	PAST	After spending the night with her , he " d destroyed her feelings by leaving the pub with another woman .
tr	PRES	She remembers their beauty and how their joy gripped her even as she brought down the eldest .
tr	PRES	His tongue flicks the cl * t ring and sends convulsions through my body .
tr	PAST	She collapsed into his arms and he scooped her up and carried her back through the jungle .
tr	PRES	This November ocean sings sweetly to him , luring him and caressing him , quickening his blood .
tr	PAST	Julian dared to raise his voice to his father .
tr	PAST	Her long hair fanned out around her in tangles .
tr	PRES	One Week Later Timothy , medical bag in hand , enters a surgical room in the East wing of the hospital .
tr	PAST	The fresh aroma of amber musk strayed into my nostrils .
tr	PRES	Constance glides back into the room when she 's sure that he 's gone .
tr	PRES	I text back : Me too .
tr	PAST	As soon as they crossed the threshold of the dining hall , all conversation ceased .
tr	PAST	Alexia attempted to refocus the little man on the most important part of his explanation .
tr	PRES	It belongs to me .
tr	PAST	Her large green eyes reflected the light and rested over freckles dotting her face .
tr	PRES	I wobble on my feet as if the collision were physical .
tr	PAST	They dumped the bags on top of others that formed the mountain of food sent from far-away governments .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around my neck .
tr	PRES	" She remembers both of you guys , but not me ? "
tr	PRES	Mom holds him out in front of her and he kicks his legs like a mad man .
tr	PAST	The salamander wriggled for a moment and started to click wildly .
tr	PRES	Just a little crack that I could barely put my arm through .
tr	PAST	She fisted her hand in his shirt .
tr	PAST	Like Santa Claus he circled the room , reached into the bag and distributed his presents .
tr	PRES	He dodged backward , her foot barely grazing his already battered mouth and nailed his collarbone instead .
tr	PAST	" Less than nothing , " he lied .
tr	PAST	It 'd go down better in combination with that sea biscuit o ' yours , " the man advised .
tr	PAST	The bus rumbled to a stop .
tr	PAST	So , I opted for her head instead .
tr	PAST	He reread her story with this new information and found his fury growing with each word .
tr	PAST	" You bribed our way into a wedding ? "
tr	PAST	Lex motioned Ricky to follow and they did their best commando stealth moves up the trail to lay on a ridge and crawl up to peer over .
tr	PAST	I sensed that he was insane , and I guess my mom did too .
tr	PAST	Price stated that he had lots of acne scars .
tr	PAST	He resigned himself to an unending string of similar offenses .
tr	PRES	" Well , I feel like a schmuck , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	From a bag on his belt he produced a set of dentures , carved from the diamond teeth of trolls .
tr	PRES	His warm breath mingles with mine and right as our lips come close to connecting , the garage door squeaks open .
tr	PRES	" It always helps me feel at home . "
tr	PRES	I didn 't leave you to rot in the hospital , you healed not rot .
tr	PRES	She hates my guts .
tr	PRES	I 'll find someone else who will have the balls to do what he has to for the ones he loves .
tr	PRES	It still bothers me that it took me nearly a month to realize how much even your friendship meant to me .
tr	PAST	Instead , he marveled at the size of the cows he passed and the height of the fences he walked besides .
tr	PAST	They both acted like they needed me .
tr	PRES	As Ian looks up at his wife , Grace sees tears in his eyes .
tr	PRES	But the leader , Miles , looked so happy to see a new recruit , he just beamed and swept me into the room .
tr	PRES	He sunk into a leather conference chair , his face completely expressionless in spite of the slight paling .
tr	PRES	" The cut 's not healing up and it 's not going to with an iron blade and that 's damn ... " " Dangerous to demons .
tr	PAST	This is futile , Auron pondered .
tr	PAST	Aunt Lulu flicked the top of his hand as if to punish him for the subconscious act .
tr	PRES	I scramble to gather my money and drop it in my pocket .
tr	PAST	He trusted Elena , that was what mattered .
tr	PAST	Edwin exhaled a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	The great bird circled around , curiously gazing down .
tr	PRES	He passes through us and leads us back to the living room .
tr	PRES	" It 's Hope , " the girl objects as she pushes Emma away .
tr	PRES	Maddy glances at the bags I 'm holding from other stores , each of them bulging with weird shapes .
tr	PAST	I faltered and wondered if maybe I should go sit at another table when Gee shot me a challenging grin .
tr	PRES	" Oh God , here we go again , " Brooke mumbled under her breath .
tr	PRES	My head falls back against the wall as he trails kisses down my neck .
tr	PRES	My phone buzzes again , this time with a text .
tr	PAST	Instead , he 'd spent years trying to recover all by himself , then had panicked when things hadn 't gone according to plan .
tr	PAST	A moment later Eben charged into the scene as the beast flew upward .
tr	PAST	He giggled and brushed a piece of hair away from my eyes .
tr	PRES	Not a sadness , precisely .
tr	PAST	He marveled at the woman who gave him such a miracle , something equally as precious to him as the incredible gift of her love .
tr	PRES	" ... Girls ? "
tr	PRES	" I discover more about people that way .
tr	PRES	One good turn deserves another . "
tr	PRES	A professional sex therapist . "
tr	PAST	It supported his buckling knees when his wife came into view .
tr	PRES	' Who 'll keep me in tuna melts ? ' '
tr	PRES	Cash stops in front of me .
tr	PRES	I throw down an ace , he throws down an ace .
tr	PAST	Without moving her gaze on Daniel , Haley executed a perfect half crescent kick .
tr	PAST	Ingle leaped to his feet , horrified .
tr	PAST	I stiffened on his lap and he sighed .
tr	PRES	But mostly He just lets us know He 's here with a beautiful light .
tr	PRES	Ray swallowed hard and whispered hoarsely , " Where is she now ?
tr	PRES	Thing Two murmurs with a Nordic accent .
tr	PAST	" No , " I lied .
tr	PRES	" Never mind luxurious , " I add .
tr	PRES	One night , during a performance , the building falls black .
tr	PRES	I exert pressure back .
tr	PRES	The radio plays in our quiet drive and plays an expected awkward song .
tr	PRES	" You can go start the lab work tonight , " Annie announces as if reading his mind , taking a bite of her vegetable curry .
tr	PRES	when we came to splits in the tunnel .
tr	PRES	Leigh tries to eat a stone .
tr	PAST	Because of this he had to use his imagination and VHS copies Star Wars to keep himself entertained .
tr	PRES	If they expend their energy too quickly over failed prey they dissipate . "
tr	PAST	We trudged on for a bit .
tr	PRES	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	PAST	Mister immediately charged Stokes and had him by the leg as he sank his fangs deep into his thigh .
tr	PAST	The door slammed , the tires churned the gravel .
tr	PAST	Moonlight washed over the landscape , giving it an otherworldly glow , like a dream .
tr	PAST	I supported strenuously the rights of the common council in an acrimonious dispute with the board of aldermen over the nomination of a lord mayor .
tr	PRES	" Not now , " Zelda sighs with aggravation , rolling her eyes .
tr	PAST	After opening the trunk of the car she dumped the bag in and slammed the lid shut , agonizingly aware of Lowell 's acute interest .
tr	PRES	As my eyes narrow , Raz points to the left corner , where another board has been carved .
tr	PAST	I rummaged through my drawer and seized a tiny tube , and then I walked towards them both , my heart hammering my ribs .
tr	PAST	We ruled ourselves , acted as though we called all the shots .
tr	PRES	I strain , reaching for the tiny model of Godspeed hanging suspended between the two clay models of the Earths .
tr	PAST	After that , they fled the city .
tr	PAST	Until , one day , just around the corner , confrontation , violence , intimidation , possibly even death awaited us .
tr	PRES	Mental fret morphed into all-out physical fuss .
tr	PRES	And when there , she expressed in no uncertain terms her displeasure at finding herself in her mother 's home again .
tr	PAST	He caressed her face , bent to brush a kiss across her lips .
tr	PAST	He charged towards her , his eyes blazing .
tr	PAST	A woman 's throaty voice crooned softly in the background .
tr	PRES	She wears a pretty party dress of blue baby .
tr	PAST	His hips writhed against her .
tr	PRES	I represent a multi-billion dollar company and that 's all you have to say ? "
tr	PRES	Did you sell it to the highest bidder ? "
tr	PRES	I hint with deeper meaning .
tr	PRES	" Forgive me your highness , but I was told we only make that for the King during the middle of the season .
tr	PAST	Riley defended the base .
tr	PRES	As I listen , I detect a definite pecking order and some very unpleasant talk .
tr	PAST	Although the men didn 't attract nearly the interest that she had on her own entrance , the tavern quieted upon their arrival .
tr	PRES	Knots stil twisted and tangled together in my stomach from almost getting skewered in the library .
tr	PAST	" Michael , " she exhaled hard .
tr	PAST	Alden hauled the cabin doors open .
tr	PAST	" He just received his stamp .
tr	PRES	" Later , Norman . "
tr	PRES	" I 'll ask you again , " he whispers against my ear once we end our kiss .
tr	PAST	" Before I left , Black stripped me and stole my panties , so half the work 's done for you . "
tr	PRES	I paste a smile on hoping to come across as genuine .
tr	PRES	Those , of course , are lies .
tr	PAST	The blond wagged her head .
tr	PAST	Case stiffened and shot away from the wall .
tr	PAST	Reginald squinted into the blinding light in front of him .
tr	PAST	At this , Kathy regained control of herself and beckoned for her to stop .
tr	PAST	He intuitively sensed that Kevin wasn 't the one who had done this even though he 'd attacked the psychic network earlier .
tr	PAST	Putting his hand to his scalp , Jack felt about , puzzled ; did he need a haircut ?
tr	PRES	" Oh gosh , " she breathes , still rattled .
tr	PRES	And the remains of warlocks .
tr	PAST	" You pursued me and now that I 'm finally willing to see where this goes you can 't because you made some empty promise ?
tr	PRES	I wipe dirt off my sweatpants .
tr	PRES	I whipped my iPad out of my backpack and opened one of the applications , pretending to be absorbed in it .
tr	PAST	" You quit smoking a long time ago . "
tr	PRES	She really likes you .
tr	PRES	New experiences await on the horizon .
tr	PRES	" You incredible jerk ! "
tr	PRES	While my brothers get ready , I snap off some heavy branches from nearby tress and stack them up in front of the Murano .
tr	PRES	She whispers , almost afraid to ask .
tr	PAST	After he dropped her off at her dad 's house and returned to Sara 's garage apartment , James prayed into the early morning hours .
tr	PAST	Sunlight washed through the lobby and seemed to practically glow as it gilded Julie .
tr	PAST	She waited patiently for Malcolm to show his bespectacled face , then proceeded to ask .
tr	PAST	A searing white light exploded at the back of my mind .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to care , in the deluded hope I could work on him through reverse psychology .
tr	PAST	After dinner , they split a heavenly chocolate soufflé and left the lodge .
tr	PAST	Asked outright for his reason , Dr. Abernathy revealed that he had no reason .
tr	PRES	As soon as the door slides open , he climbs the ladder like he 's starved for sunlight .
tr	PRES	Ben reaches into the back of the truck and grabs his backpack , pulls out a knife and hands it to me .
tr	PAST	Then she dumped a frozen bag of mixed vegetables in a plastic bowl and microwaved them .
tr	PAST	The trio regarded her for a long moment , and then , evidently concluding she was not a problem , they went back to prowling the underbrush .
tr	PRES	* Sylvia called again , her voice fading .
tr	PAST	She inched closer to the second chamber , her heart beating heavily in her chest .
tr	PAST	Yolanda 's heart rate gradually slowed down , and she became calmer .
tr	PRES	The SUV stops close to the Chevelle and the engine stays running as Dean hops out , zipping up his coat .
tr	PAST	Marsh mumbled , looking at his shoes .
tr	PAST	Nolan taunted , taking his place on the ' grown up ' side of the net , and serving the ball without delay .
tr	PRES	Loser buys dinner . "
tr	PRES	My chest pushes tight against his , and I bite back a gasp .
tr	PAST	Then the magic engulfed the end , tugging it softly like a fish on a pole .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Bart . "
tr	PRES	Neither option strikes a note I want to hear .
tr	PAST	Tabitha petted the wolf while Bride grabbed a change of clothes , her makeup , and something to sleep in .
tr	PRES	* * * " You hired bodyguards to protect you from ... demons ? "
tr	PRES	Its hooves drag circles in the sand .
tr	PRES	I lean close and press my lips to hers because I just have to .
tr	PRES	Tiny nods his head once before hurrying away with the others and then , seconds later , they vanish into the air .
tr	PRES	As the rain slows its cadence , the highway announces the Riverside exit .
tr	PAST	His ears flattened against his head .
tr	PRES	Claire holds her arm out in front of her .
tr	PAST	Hunt unwound the gauze and gently prodded the area behind her left temple .
tr	PRES	I recall the name from the signage , and to my surprise , I find the listing .
tr	PAST	He motioned between us breaking my enchanted gawking at her .
tr	PRES	I rip it out .
tr	PAST	Andrew teased , not looking at her .
tr	PAST	Some of the blades curved weirdly while others were straight .
tr	PAST	Savannah attempted to sit up , but he made it impossible with one large hand splayed over her heart .
tr	PAST	From what I gather , he attended school with Doc , and they remained friends .
tr	PAST	Teeth lengthened and sharpened in his mouth and razor-sharp talons tipped his nails .
tr	PAST	Lizzie slowed to a walk .
tr	PRES	He removes the scarfs from all of our mouths and sits down right in front of us .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the bottle , but couldn 't smell anything .
tr	PAST	Brick required a slap for pedantic behaviour .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seven Terese awoke with the setting of the sun .
tr	PAST	he grunted , every muscle taunt and lean .
tr	PRES	Cupping my shoulder blades , she draws me down to her so our chests are pressing together .
tr	PAST	Ken stated the obvious .
tr	PAST	Rema froze , unsure of what to do .
tr	PRES	" And you just assume I 'm gon na take her down a bad road ? "
tr	PRES	I snuck a look behind the house .
tr	PRES	" She hates your guts , but she 's doing you a service .
tr	PRES	His stomach tingles with nervous energy .
tr	PAST	' It might not mean anything , Spike , ' Doc reassured him .
tr	PAST	The oh god jolted away .
tr	PRES	" At first to piss off my stepdad .
tr	PRES	Brakes squeal and the smell of burning rubber fills up the air .
tr	PRES	Her father sells out shows worldwide .
tr	PAST	I phoned a colleague and asked her if she could take my class .
tr	PRES	Laurel briefly shone his flashlight up into the tree 's canopy and didn 't see anything .
tr	PAST	" Steel -- yourself , " he rasped before they reached a door at the end .
tr	PAST	She leaped on the suggestion .
tr	PAST	" A girl named Iris .
tr	PAST	She eyed the free ends of the cord and Gregor 's hands .
tr	PAST	I slowed my steps when I spotted her .
tr	PRES	The scenery brings on feelings of dread as I watch it all fall by the wayside .
tr	PRES	" Ah , how pleasant . "
tr	PAST	It adorned the walls and filled a large room in the back of the house .
tr	PRES	He tries to recall what happened earlier but his memory fails him .
tr	PAST	I refrained from pointing out that the medium was by no stretch an innocent .
tr	PRES	How remarkably like his sister she looked , the leopard lily !
tr	PAST	If he had he wouldn 't have , according to Carol , just dumped a huge quantity of drugs in front of us .
tr	PRES	I ejected the magazine , pulled the spare from the pocket , slapped it in , and thumbed the release forward .
tr	PRES	No one loses anything if I die so kill me if you want to but do respect my last wish . "
tr	PAST	The drywall crumpled in from his shoulders to his hips , and his head snapped back in a whiplash of impact .
tr	PRES	She stops him for a moment to give him a level look .
tr	PAST	She crouched down and picked up her shirt , pulling the soft , plain cotton material over her head .
tr	PRES	" Nice swing there , ace .
tr	PRES	I relax with the thought .
tr	PAST	His eyes twinkle , as he leans back to look into my face .
tr	PRES	" Now you 're starting to sound like Walter , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	She belongs to me , and I belong to her .
tr	PAST	" It sounds like it would have been a difficult skill to acquire , " Hatch volunteered neutrally .
tr	PRES	" Sir Waller , it is me , Edmund ! "
tr	PAST	" Your mother provided lunch . "
tr	PRES	And for Luba 's voice , in fact her career as a whole .
tr	PRES	We just file last year 's applications .
tr	PRES	" It 's wine , " Logan whispers .
tr	PRES	This cheers her up a bit .
tr	PAST	He leaned back against the headboard , his eyes hooded .
tr	PRES	Jack carries the soda and canisters in his arms and makes for the exit .
tr	PAST	Agnes exhaled her agreement .
tr	PRES	" Carrie loves you , and you 're being an idiot . "
tr	PAST	" Manning , " Jerry stated , " are you kidding ?
tr	PRES	Are there Reapers for me to kill ? "
tr	PRES	" You slay with a glance .
tr	PRES	" Last room on the right , " he states .
tr	PAST	He sat forward on the sofa , his hands clasped loosely in front of him , his dark gold eyes fixed on her .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my fingers .
tr	PAST	Josh propped a chair under the doorknob and dialed the adjustable lights to their lowest setting .
tr	PRES	" Bird flu ? "
tr	PRES	" So Koos really got us sliders for our fandango tonight , " Berwick climbs and grins .
tr	PAST	' You peeked , ' I accused .
tr	PAST	A slow smile inched across his lips .
tr	PRES	He touches my chin .
tr	PAST	The muscles in the back of his neck tensed .
tr	PRES	I lean up , not even thinking about what I 'm doing , and press my lips to hers .
tr	PRES	" Just relax , and it will be over soon .
tr	PAST	I motioned for Blue to join me , but he just stood at the edge , looking down at me , whining .
tr	PAST	I pondered how I had gotten to where I was standing at that moment .
tr	PRES	" Not bad , " he chuckles approvingly .
tr	PRES	Her fingers lift to smooth over the light stubble on my chin , the scratching sound somehow soothing to me .
tr	PRES	" Better " n you " d imagine , sir ! "
tr	PRES	June stands beside me .
tr	PAST	Nicolas 's hand curved around the nape of Lara 's neck .
tr	PAST	I should have opened this bloody thing beforehand , he reflected ruefully , staring at the sealed packet , now only a few centimetres from his face .
tr	PRES	Are you nauseous ? "
tr	PAST	Lewis trudged off the bridge .
tr	PAST	He readjusted his aim and fired again .
tr	PAST	I sped home , practically inhaled some leftovers from the fridge , and threw as many items as I could in a large duffle bag .
tr	PAST	Maddy produced a hefty torch from her satchel .
tr	PRES	" It explains a lot , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PAST	" Circumstances prevented . "
tr	PRES	Daisy beamed and nodded .
tr	PAST	That 's why they believed in me , they sensed my honesty . "
tr	PAST	He regarded me with amused eyes as he chewed and swallowed .
tr	PRES	" But think of the subservience involved , Doctor !
tr	PAST	Ezio willed himself to concentrate and tried again .
tr	PRES	The car effortlessly slides to a stop .
tr	PAST	Sakura gritted her teeth and pulled back .
tr	PRES	" Is that something they teach you at Jones and Jones ? "
tr	PAST	I clutched my throat .
tr	PRES	Cole glares at him then glances over his shoulder at me .
tr	PAST	I clap , smiling .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in a voice too fearful and high-pitched .
tr	PAST	She froze , holding her breath .
tr	PAST	Lori hopped out of the truck , ran inside with Mary Jo and was back in less than five minutes .
tr	PRES	He likes to keep up with the stock reports and his subscriptions to business magazines alone were staggering .
tr	PRES	The movie begins shortly after the announcement ends .
tr	PRES	Everyone deserves to have someone who loves them . "
tr	PRES	It draws a lot of power , and the power lines come to this building . "
tr	PRES	Brown bird wishes your pain away to the land of ghosts and sorrow .
tr	PRES	" Come for me , Blaze .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't say good bye , " she accused him .
tr	PRES	The serpentine path wove its way beside the pond and onto the bridge from where Fitzwilliam surveyed the entire estate for some time .
tr	PAST	" No , " she ridiculously denied , spinning toward the swirling lava .
tr	PAST	And then he acted all worried about me the rest of the day , telling people not to upset me , that I was feeling fragile .
tr	PAST	So many warnings layered in his words .
tr	PRES	A new sense of need fills me .
tr	PRES	" Principal 's office , " I shout .
tr	PAST	They cheered and yelled and paced back and forth , their adrenaline and untamed nature taking over their more civilized half .
tr	PRES	She tries to turn too soon , and the ladder smacks into Fernando 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	I slowed briefly to reload .
tr	PRES	" It tells you a story , " she whispers , watching me as I study the painting .
tr	PAST	He dumped the rest of his cold coffee into the sink .
tr	PAST	He urged her forward .
tr	PAST	" Then next time just shove the tracker down my throat , for more accurate data . "
tr	PRES	He hooks the bag over his shoulder and pulls me to my feet .
tr	PAST	An old Impala chugged up .
tr	PAST	Though Tucker heard nothing , he implicitly trusted Kane 's ears .
tr	PAST	She lied to me , so I 'm hurt .
tr	PAST	I created almost all of the covers over a four day period last year , the exception being the cover for Tin Universe Monthly # 17 .
tr	PAST	As Cade passed , Bo eyed him suspiciously , the tension between them nearly palpable .
tr	PAST	A beautiful , sunny , amazing day , so all of you quit weeping .
tr	PRES	" The bears all worn , with the stuffing out ?
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere , the man awoke and spoke .
tr	PAST	Ken cocked an eyebrow at her .
tr	PAST	Simon screamed , bringing his hands in the air , clutched to the others .
tr	PAST	Echo marveled that these fairies could transform size at will -- one minute they were human size , the next as small as butterflies .
tr	PAST	" You lied ? "
tr	PRES	" An experiment ? "
tr	PAST	Sean stamps his foot down hard on Matt 's foot .
tr	PAST	I scribbled six figures onto a check .
tr	PAST	Michael dove to his left to avoid it , leaping back to the ground toward the stairs , and heard its body crash behind him .
tr	PAST	Feingold grunted as though Sir had poked him in the ribs with a rigid finger .
tr	PAST	Then he chased me .
tr	PRES	You represent no more threat to me . "
tr	PAST	Plus an array of long swords , short swords , curved swords , serrated swords ... the woman liked swords .
tr	PAST	Disbelief and fury exploded through his mind as his eyes focused on a naked white form suspended by its feet from a rope .
tr	PAST	Tourists mingled on the grounds in front , and the waves crashed against the surrounding rocky shore .
tr	PAST	She washed all the dishes she could find , leaving them to dry in the rack .
tr	PAST	An exultant tone threaded through his feeble words .
tr	PRES	" And Trip ? "
tr	PAST	Ethan 's lips tipped up , and he smiled .
tr	PAST	After a moment he tuned back in , to find Bonnie talking about treasure .
tr	PRES	He reaches his arm out towards the Arc as I think he ´ s using some sort of telekinesis to get what he wants .
tr	PRES	I assume it 's Shen , the lad I met . "
tr	PRES	Our new mission begins now . "
tr	PRES	" And never hesitate to keep bringing me flowers .
tr	PAST	He leaped up and - to her shock - walked across the broken glass .
tr	PAST	Webb 's laugh deepened .
tr	PAST	And she ... she placed her hands very near M. de Chartres ' ... " She sought the proper term .
tr	PAST	Kayla eyed her through narrowed eyes .
tr	PAST	Before I could say anything else , the machine rumbled to life , the engine causing the metal framework to vibrate .
tr	PAST	Her smile revealed teeth , even and white .
tr	PAST	I panicked and smooshed myself flat against the dumpster .
tr	PRES	In you she sees what I see .
tr	PRES	' Du n no mate .
tr	PAST	She feared that the only way to make this work would be to do everything properly , without a single stumble or hesitation .
tr	PAST	His mouth nuzzled the sensitive skin of her neck , his erection burned into her lower back .
tr	PAST	But I 'd never lied .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , blew the smoke from his cigarette into the phone .
tr	PRES	Gray , always Gray .
tr	PRES	The blue flyers that had caused so much trouble .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " she sobbed .
tr	PAST	Rogers flicked the horses with his reins and the carriage moved off .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , when they lobby for their product in Washington , they threaten those who balk .
tr	PAST	He nearly wept in dismay .
tr	PAST	The truth you claimed you desired to know . "
tr	PRES	The ability to breath returns , but now I can 't seem to stop breathing !
tr	PRES	" Thayer , no , " I plead .
tr	PRES	The moisture collects into what are called great clouds .
tr	PAST	The ambient noise of thousands of troops setting up camp and unloading provisions blotted out any sounds of nature around .
tr	PAST	One bore a striking resemblance to your average Greek god .
tr	PAST	He touches my cheek , gently , and I want nothing more than to just fall into it and forget everything ... But I can 't .
tr	PRES	She perfectly weaves the old world and the new in her novel , so that readers never know what new creature they will be facing next .
tr	PAST	The judge motioned them regally and both lead prosecutor and defense attorney rushed to the counter .
tr	PAST	His grin dimmed a notch , because he had to know she was rejecting him again .
tr	PRES	For some reason thinking of New Salem as an island upset her .
tr	PAST	Cora leaned forward , eyebrows cocked .
tr	PRES	Proceeding through the progressively twisting hallway he reaches a large door with a familiar keyhole .
tr	PAST	An arm circled my shoulders , and I turned to find Finn grinning at me .
tr	PAST	Durrant shuffled uncomfortably , shrugged .
tr	PAST	She eluded Jason long enough to hop onto the metal railing .
tr	PRES	He taps his heels .
tr	PAST	And that bothered her .
tr	PRES	" Four , " Zander corrects .
tr	PAST	After hesitating for just a moment , she dialed Detective Cohen in Denver .
tr	PAST	He eyed Leanne who was on her knees trying to pry the knife out of her hand .
tr	PAST	She flung the duvet off and scrambled out of bed ; she went to the wardrobe and opened it up , looking for her clothes .
tr	PRES	" Colonel Bowie ? "
tr	PAST	I slowed and turned into the nearest gas station and parked alongside the building .
tr	PRES	She tries to grasp hold , but her fingers are weighted down again , unresponsive .
tr	PAST	Carol pierced a fork full of lettuce and offered a convenient excuse .
tr	PAST	Yet , at the end of the business , he convicted himself -- and served as his own executioner ! "
tr	PRES	Once my hair is completely wet , he reaches for the shampoo and squeezes some into his palm before slowly working it through my hair .
tr	PAST	Fortune alone provided us with salvation - my companions intercepted items stolen from the Vault allowing us to at least thwart their plan if only barely .
tr	PAST	Her eyes twinkled with humor .
tr	PRES	Sometimes I permit her to return , but mostly , I do not .
tr	PRES	A human male wouldn " t trifle over his missing instincts .
tr	PRES	" For now , we just observe . "
tr	PAST	A high-pitched squeal from the PA system pierced through the room .
tr	PRES	My gaze fel to Caleb .
tr	PAST	I squinted toward him , the Eagle himself backlit into invisibility by the too bright sun .
tr	PAST	I regarded her quizzically .
tr	PAST	I rinsed her off , and then quickly washed my own body .
tr	PAST	" Pieces of you , Like a puzzle in my mind - fitting together In a pattern I just can 't find .
tr	PRES	" Come on guys , lets give them a chance , that girl looks like my sister . "
tr	PAST	The horse nuzzled his face into her chest , almost knocking her over .
tr	PAST	A stretch around with his senses revealed that the other Enforcers were not nearby .
tr	PRES	" Don 't ... " Emma whispers as she turns and smiles , although her eyes look saddened .
tr	PRES	The man that her bitterness had demanded from her flesh , the man who would prove to her those lies that were stored in her heart .
tr	PRES	" Names and addresses of survivors ... " " What survivors ? "
tr	PAST	He swiped a weary hand over his eyes .
tr	PRES	The creak of the porch swing I used to sit on and read magazines .
tr	PAST	I hopped into Hunter 's car .
tr	PAST	Raymond crawled out of sight , destined to die further into the cave .
tr	PAST	The old man scoffed a laugh , " fear not for your precious drakes !
tr	PAST	Alec eyed me as he spoke .
tr	PAST	As he spoke , everything pitched slightly , including John himself .
tr	PRES	" You 're going to regret this , Pearson , " Thompson rattled loudly .
tr	PAST	Tasha motioned vaguely over towards Hal , who was busily coiling up the thick and heavy ropes that were used for rigging the sails .
tr	PAST	He supported me easily until my strength returned .
tr	PAST	he scoffed , curling a lip .
tr	PAST	He slowed and stopped , his expression uncertain .
tr	PAST	His blood rocketed through my system like a meteor , hot and dangerous .
tr	PAST	" The club was a façade at first , " countered Tiberius angrily .
tr	PRES	As if you belong in the crowd . "
tr	PRES	It throws me off more than anything I 've ever heard until she almost says she loves me .
tr	PAST	Her blonde spiral curls bounced against her ful , pink cheeks .
tr	PRES	He sighs into me and presses a kiss against the top of my head .
tr	PRES	- And what this religion involve ?
tr	PRES	The ship disappears over the horizon .
tr	PRES	Soeren 's comments rankle : what is he hiding of my Far 's past ?
tr	PAST	He cringed when another crash shattered the silence .
tr	PAST	I zipped the pamphlets into my backpack and stepped into the hallway , thinking it was lucky I 'd kept that stupid elevator key after all .
tr	PRES	" My friend likes Will , so we 're keeping it a secret . "
tr	PRES	He reaches for the can and takes a giant gulp , sneering at me .
tr	PAST	Doris jabbed a hand into her purse .
tr	PRES	" Why so modest ? "
tr	PRES	" To slay the dragon .
tr	PRES	" There you are , Elijah .
tr	PAST	She inhaled , " Hmm ... ? "
tr	PRES	In the centre stands a large rectangular stone which reminds me of the ring of Old stones where we sought shelter from the demons .
tr	PRES	He winks at Kamil who laughs .
tr	PAST	Sugar had thanked her .
tr	PAST	The other vampires froze .
tr	PAST	A tremor washed through her as she stepped from the partition and approached the table , where Adriane was waiting to help her up .
tr	PRES	Another few steps and she opens the door and Shelton smells the coffee stronger .
tr	PAST	It taps the floor twice before rolling under the teacher 's desk .
tr	PRES	Crewe lets out a sigh heavy with responsibility .
tr	PAST	Jake taped the other man 's legs together , and then he taped them to the metal chair .
tr	PAST	Her feet itched for a run .
tr	PAST	Even though I 've only been staying a few blocks away , I dared not risk coming back here .
tr	PAST	" He knows about the demons , Nora , " revealed Stephanie .
tr	PAST	The folding card table vibrated slightly as he wrote .
tr	PAST	He steadied his vision .
tr	PRES	" Poor clueless boy . "
tr	PAST	He unzipped his jacket slightly and took off his hat .
tr	PRES	And if it 's crappy , it usually involves me , " I shout , running in an effort to keep up with him .
tr	PRES	I lean in as if I 'm going to kiss her , but I don 't .
tr	PRES	You have one minute to power down your engines , " Beverly states happily .
tr	PRES	" Did you punch him ? "
tr	PAST	" Make a cake , " she announced .
tr	PAST	They dumped me in a dark cell where I was sure they 'd leave me to die .
tr	PRES	" I don 't want to feel this way , " she whispers , tears rolling down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	The horde of freaks emerged down the highway , sprinting toward the warmth of the flames .
tr	PRES	Tobias holds his gun out from his left shoulder .
tr	PRES	Jacque holds Isabelle as if someone is going to tear them apart .
tr	PAST	She stiffened her spine and heard Chase shift in his chair beside her .
tr	PAST	Danni barged into the room before she could lose her nerve .
tr	PAST	Jack matched her elation in a masculine way , his sandy hair blowing softly in the Caribbean wind as we finished the last of our dinners .
tr	PRES	The little bluff where her bag still lies on the ground .
tr	PRES	" And of course , " Hampshire added thoughtfully , " it throws Ellen Barnes 's story into serious doubt as well .
tr	PRES	The new thinking offers new and scientifically appropriate perceptions about the three notions and helps humanity in understanding them in a new light .
tr	PAST	Bullets suddenly shattered the rear window of the vehicle and drew sparks from its bumper .
tr	PAST	Leaves mummy mouse all the time she needs to chew through the central pillar . "
tr	PAST	She announced with determination .
tr	PAST	Dan hopped up , and the volume of his voice rose significantly .
tr	PRES	The delectable Maggie . "
tr	PRES	me ) to meet Ness , the classy neighbour .
tr	PAST	Brittany collected our bags from the living room while I opened the blinds to catch the last of the sun 's light .
tr	PAST	" These must be the ones that only show up on Easter , " I joked to my companions .
tr	PAST	Leaving us both breathing heavy , he returned to his seat , his eyes fogged over with lust .
tr	PRES	I snap out of it when she snaps her fingers in my face .
tr	PRES	Her fingers slid down his back , her nails lightly scraping his skin .
tr	PRES	Riley hates the television .
tr	PAST	They weaved through the rows of cars with Alec in the lead .
tr	PRES	You 're not my soul mate , " fingering my arm .
tr	PRES	The seed of mistrust bears the fruit of anger , rivalry , jealousy and a spectrum of negative feelings .
tr	PRES	My cheeks flare up with warmth .
tr	PAST	The little blonde at the wheel zipped right past him as he sat in the intersection waiting to turn .
tr	PAST	Recovering quickly , he enquired about Jon 's whereabouts .
tr	PAST	" That piece of human shit , " Del a piped in .
tr	PAST	A familiar voice boomed at him .
tr	PRES	Pain pulses in my temples as I try to get my bearings and look around the unfamiliar room .
tr	PAST	Byron 's thumb tipped her chin up .
tr	PRES	" What about payment ? "
tr	PRES	She lets me pull her into the library .
tr	PRES	something that fits badly at odd times , as a garment that is suddenly too large or too small .
tr	PRES	" Big cheat . "
tr	PAST	Lil y 's face crumpled into a sad expression .
tr	PRES	Lucas brings the telephone next to his ear .
tr	PAST	King 's voice deepened , sounding more determined to make me hear the truth in his words .
tr	PAST	This boyfriend of hers dumped her just like Jase dumped me . '
tr	PRES	A scent far too enticing , which stuck in his nostrils and coated his tongue .
tr	PRES	" The dirty water falls into the river beneath the palace and then flows to the Waterway . "
tr	PAST	Above , the swarming lights slowed and diverged in impish formation .
tr	PRES	Her presence washes over me .
tr	PAST	With the partner distracted , I slapped his fist to my scalp , holding it in place and easing the pressure .
tr	PRES	Grief roars inside me .
tr	PAST	The shard of tainted mirror emerged from the wound at his command and immediately he cocooned it in silver wire to render it harmless for transport .
tr	PRES	She presses her lips tight together , then nods .
tr	PRES	Says he 's hungry . '
tr	PAST	She nuzzled his neck , inhaling the warm spicy scent of his masculine skin .
tr	PAST	He grunted in reply .
tr	PAST	They preferred ' wipe , ' and that 's what it is .
tr	PRES	A hand touches my shoulder and I spin around , raising the gun and pointing it at the person behind me .
tr	PAST	She sensed it was different here in Switzerland , a bit like in England , where men were less confident , less brash and less pushy .
tr	PAST	When they saw me slow down to jog beside her , they circled back to join us .
tr	PAST	With speed born from shock , I flung myself into reverse , attempted to do the same to the door , and ran .
tr	PRES	" Like I said , I don 't know what you mean , " he whispers into the phone .
tr	PAST	I squinted into the blackness , relieved for the second 's rest from watching Nuala burn .
tr	PRES	She whipped a machine pistol out of her bag and cocked it expertly .
tr	PAST	Once again , I marveled at the color of his , at the ordinary brown , made extraordinary by flecks of gold and emerald .
tr	PAST	He stomped on it emphatically and the creaking again sprang from the distance .
tr	PAST	" Say no more , " she instructed .
tr	PAST	That feeling lingered and returned in waves as she dressed and ate breakfast .
tr	PAST	His machine buzzed on for a moment as silence settled again .
tr	PRES	' She remembers she likes you .
tr	PRES	" Charlotte , please , " Calvin begged .
tr	PRES	Will glances my way .
tr	PRES	" What about hamburgers ? "
tr	PAST	Because she wasn 't the only one who 'd risked a part of herself by getting in deeper than a one-night stand .
tr	PRES	Uncle Ray brings beer and pizza . "
tr	PRES	" And he lets you ? "
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , but then narrows his eyes .
tr	PAST	He slapped the side of my ass .
tr	PAST	Firth immediately perked up and regained his smile .
tr	PAST	She sobbed again as she met my eye .
tr	PAST	Mike 's walk slowed as he thought about the program .
tr	PAST	A soft knock in the hallway accompanied Soren 's serene voice .
tr	PAST	His raw gaze stole her breath .
tr	PRES	She giggles into Tad like a schoolgirl .
tr	PRES	" The girl changes everything . "
tr	PAST	Uzi brandished his weapon .
tr	PRES	Let 's assume , she tried another tact , that her father had , somehow , driven away himself .
tr	PAST	A satisfied smile tugged at the corners of her mouth .
tr	PRES	Something shifts and the amused smile returns .
tr	PRES	He slides off the couch onto his knees .
tr	PRES	When the world changes , what in your life will still matter ... and what won 't ?
tr	PRES	' Aunt Pol ! '
tr	PRES	" A necklace . "
tr	PAST	His booming desperation shattered everything inside her into shrapnel of grief , of panic .
tr	PRES	Without opening the gate , and keeping one hand near the elevator buttons , Seth shone the flashlight around the room .
tr	PRES	" Yes , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	I washed the dishes , then sat down with my granddad to watch Antiques Roadshow on PBS .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed again .
tr	PRES	And my grandson . "
tr	PRES	" Uh , " she sighs .
tr	PRES	Before us lies a gleaming and amazingly empty beach .
tr	PRES	" Your Highness , I - " " How would you address your housekeeper ? "
tr	PRES	" What brings this old soldier to my abode in the dead of the night , like an emissary of the enemy sharing bounty ? "
tr	PRES	That Adrian simply loves women .
tr	PAST	Energy swirled between them .
tr	PAST	Maddie claimed she couldn 't stand the thought of me waiting around with nothing to do , so I reluctantly took them into the dressing room .
tr	PAST	I trusted him to read me .
tr	PRES	He snorts a laugh .
tr	PAST	A ghost of a grin tugged at my lips at the memory .
tr	PAST	He grunted then smacked his lips twice before returning to his loud snore .
tr	PAST	At least , not by those who created them . "
tr	PAST	She crawled through twenty feet of narrow rusting steel that left a bitter metallic taste in her mouth , each time she inhaled .
tr	PAST	With a flick of his wrist , he untied the ropes from my arms .
tr	PAST	Then he spurred his horse forward , crashing into the middle of the oncoming attackers .
tr	PAST	He eyed the paper , the edges of his eyes crinkling .
tr	PRES	" A Merrick through and through .
tr	PAST	" None of your concern , " he clipped out .
tr	PAST	I giggled , pressing my head into his kiss .
tr	PRES	Now my hour draws near .
tr	PRES	" Are you calling me a liar now , Duncan ?
tr	PRES	" And when both of them are turned , another dial on the floor there pops up .
tr	PAST	Dylan clasped his hands together in the middle of the Queen 's torso and slammed this joined fist sharply into her , once , twice , thrice .
tr	PRES	My attention falls to the computer on her desk , and then a printer behind her chair .
tr	PRES	" So , what brings you here ? "
tr	PRES	My eyes snap to his .
tr	PAST	Winston plopped down on the sofa and buried his face in his hands .
tr	PAST	" What of Rand , his father ? "
tr	PRES	But to this day , our destiny remains unclear .
tr	PAST	Ted exhaled as he looked at Dreamer .
tr	PAST	She washed her face and checked her face and then turned on the hot water .
tr	PRES	What kind of man holds his daughter responsible for not having a penis ? "
tr	PAST	They joked uneasily about the coincidence and avoided mentioning the last time they 'd seen one another .
tr	PAST	She received many strange looks from her neighbors as she passed by their homes .
tr	PAST	The eerie , magical green aura glowed around her .
tr	PAST	With a violent wrench , he freed his leg and began charging downwards .
tr	PRES	" Pretty but not complex .
tr	PAST	Derrick leaped to his feet and smacked his head on the curve of the bucket .
tr	PAST	The cat cringed as she approached but didn 't bolt .
tr	PAST	Two boys imitated Scooby-Doo and Shaggy , as one hopped up in the other 's arm and the two shivered in fear .
tr	PAST	Nate crouched and began stripping away the acupuncture needles all over the wax figure .
tr	PRES	He uses the American Express for business .
tr	PAST	" Black feather , black wax , " I say , nodding .
tr	PRES	Grace deserves better than me , and if I 'm around she 'll love me anyway .
tr	PRES	" You know I 'm right , " Jaime mumbled as he headed for the bathroom to wash his face and hands .
tr	PAST	The walls donned a deep orange and showcased two original paintings by Lucy .
tr	PRES	Fury washes over me and I stand , crossing the big room in seconds .
tr	PAST	Prudence , standing near him , sensed the unwashed musks of his body , all the evidences of his concentration on their mutual problem .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled in response , and Aiden sent me a quick grin .
tr	PRES	Because it would be cool if you didn 't mean it , " I add immediately , not wanting to sound desperate .
tr	PAST	We thanked her and I bowed my head to say a quick prayer .
tr	PAST	" I fantasized about you fucking me , like this , just like you did before .
tr	PRES	" What about the gold coin ?
tr	PAST	I sensed a movement beyond my right shoulder .
tr	PAST	Their ascent slowed as they approached the lens , higher up and much bigger than he 'd estimated .
tr	PRES	" What playground ? "
tr	PRES	Serena sniffs the air .
tr	PRES	" No offense . "
tr	PRES	Dax pushes his lips forward as he holds his emotions in .
tr	PAST	Miranda scooted closer to me and patted the spot beside her .
tr	PRES	" You crave me too much . "
tr	PAST	For whatever reason , " she lingered , making clear she knew more than she was letting on .
tr	PRES	Everyone rises to their feet .
tr	PRES	" And for him to have brought four new souls into our flock ?
tr	PAST	" We 're gon na have a great time , " Tanner slapped the congressman on the back .
tr	PRES	" My father always wears gloves when he strings his harp because without them he cuts his hands every time .
tr	PRES	Shhh , that 's enough , " I said , pul ing my arm away and hoisting her into a sitting position .
tr	PRES	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PAST	Someone giggled near his left .
tr	PAST	She desired him tremendously , but a part of her still held back , wanted to be sure .
tr	PAST	He slapped his hand against my arm , and I struggled to stay standing .
tr	PRES	Find out if you 've recovered , had any more problems , or if Jakey boy is driving you wild , " he teased .
tr	PAST	Declan sniffed and peered back at the woman .
tr	PRES	" Are the fireflies out ? "
tr	PRES	He glares at Matthew , knowing that patent application information is not available to the public .
tr	PAST	The children then split up and crossed around the bed .
tr	PRES	He likes action movies , fantasies , and listens to rock and hip-hop music .
tr	PAST	Gabby stifled a sob and answered the question softly , " All of my family . "
tr	PRES	It fits you perfectly .
tr	PRES	THE COLOUR OF NOTHING Francesca opens her eyes .
tr	PRES	My hands tremble as I type .
tr	PAST	He thus revealed his glory , and his disciples put their faith in him . "
tr	PRES	Legend holds it to be stuffed to overflowing with treasure , not that anyone has ever glimpsed it and lived to tell the tale . "
tr	PRES	The class floats appeared first , followed by the presentation of the homecoming court .
tr	PAST	My words bounced off of him , not slowing him down for a second as he kept on pacing up and down the room .
tr	PRES	" His Lordship ? "
tr	PAST	She tugged on the handle but Ian held the door fast .
tr	PAST	Terry regained his balance , ran for the hole and dove in .
tr	PAST	Pain lanced through her arms but was instantly supplanted by the smart of her embarrassment .
tr	PRES	" Quickly , before anyone sees you . "
tr	PAST	Traffic slowed to a crawl as emergency flashers blinked from the shoulder of the road where drivers had pulled over to wait out the storm .
tr	PAST	I phoned my husband earlier , and he 'll be here any time now to get us .
tr	PRES	" But therein lies the problem .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the cloth in his pocket and headed for the elevators .
tr	PRES	No flashy passes . "
tr	PAST	He seized her and was out of Shinichi 's reach before the kitsune could even assess the situation properly .
tr	PAST	" Thank you again for the rescue , but I should really be going ... " He tipped his head to one side and looked at her .
tr	PAST	Fear rendered her immobile .
tr	PAST	- No , I just reflected -- and she went into her room .
tr	PAST	As the two left the courthouse , they toyed with the idea of inviting a few of their colleagues .
tr	PRES	We assume our positions and start the process all over again .
tr	PRES	" I know , sweetheart .
tr	PRES	She probably loves the band then ?
tr	PRES	" Uh ... sorry , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Her gums itched as her canine teeth protruded .
tr	PAST	" When you where a child , some people acted very weird to you . "
tr	PAST	Suddenly , he twirled in the water and he snapped open his eyes to see what had disturbed the current around him .
tr	PAST	How much seeing him bothered her .
tr	PRES	Taken in as a toddler , Rift remembers little of his parents .
tr	PRES	Looking up and down the full length of the beach , Black Beard sees his men fighting .
tr	PRES	A waitress approaches our table .
tr	PAST	The white Chevy Malibu slowed to a stop and doors squealed open in the fog .
tr	PRES	Again , nervous whispers at the mention of the McGill .
tr	PRES	Though ; on a day as cloudy as this one , they provide little help .
tr	PAST	His beautiful face was twisted into a snarl , his long fangs extended past his lower lip .
tr	PRES	She points at me , her eyes narrow in with intense hatred , then blood trickles out of her nose and she stops moving .
tr	PRES	Gustav tries to interrupt but I don ´ t let him .
tr	PRES	Another tear falls , and I watch as my fingers glide across her silky skin and brush it away .
tr	PAST	Abe slowed the pace to a snail 's crawl at the alley 's entrance not knowing what to expect .
tr	PAST	" He 's all right , darling , " Daemon crooned .
tr	PAST	Pressed against the rough-hewn logs , Ice extended his head past the edge of the structure and then slipped around the corner to the back wall .
tr	PAST	Henry regarded Thomas seriously .
tr	PRES	" Third shelf down on the left-hand side . "
tr	PAST	She awoke screaming her twin brother 's name .
tr	PAST	They quickly dispatched the attackers so I could return to the task at hand .
tr	PRES	You in trouble , me saving your mangy hide . "
tr	PAST	That it hollowed me out . "
tr	PAST	She crawled into his warmth and the pain slowly eased .
tr	PAST	He slapped me across the face and I stumbled back into my vanity chair , stunned silent .
tr	PAST	Laughter floated to them through the mist .
tr	PRES	That boy loves you , no matter how much he might try to deny it .
tr	PRES	" These are good , " I mumbled around another .
tr	PAST	He stripped hurriedly , his own body shivering , a reaction that he knew would raise his body temperature , but it was damn uncomfortable .
tr	PAST	It cost him $ 110 plus tax , and while he could have gotten something cheaper , his instincts suggested reliability .
tr	PAST	Heisman eyed the letter with a hungry look .
tr	PAST	The bear shuffled up to her , its yellow eyes paralyzing her !
tr	PRES	Amar 's smile shrinks a little .
tr	PAST	As we walked , I stole a side glance at myself in the mirror .
tr	PRES	Maya frowns , " I almost killed Daddy .
tr	PAST	Thomas instructed Kasey to remain near the hotel , but wouldn 't need him .
tr	PAST	" Temptress , " he rumbled , his voice deep and aggressive .
tr	PAST	The male seized the female , claimed her and their lives began .
tr	PRES	Brandon remains occupied with his phone .
tr	PRES	Izzy stroked Gypsy 's wan anterior bulge .
tr	PAST	He blanched , nodding , suddenly too terrified to reply .
tr	PRES	He stands there with his arms folded like he 's an awkward kid .
tr	PRES	" Well , that explains quite a bit . "
tr	PRES	Jeremy sees failure as a challenge .
tr	PRES	A high-pitched whine like a jet engine begins to emanate from the direction of the strike .
tr	PAST	" Indeed , once exposed I can shot at them . "
tr	PAST	So many opportunities lost , possibilities denied , and for what ?
tr	PAST	She exited the store and stepped into the sunshine , feeling anything but warm and happy .
tr	PAST	Once established , stasis required only minimal IV nourishment and no anesthetic .
tr	PRES	" Mia , God allows free will and the devil can only create his creatures of the night , but even they have free choice .
tr	PAST	The tall , lanky former Texan who was dressed in the typical tan uniform extracted himself from the squad car .
tr	PRES	" Sorry ... " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Can you puke ? "
tr	PAST	Halfway down the hill I achieved some self-knowledge .
tr	PRES	Horror washes over me as I open the door and spy my family .
tr	PRES	" The literary prodigy strikes again !
tr	PRES	Her back arches off the bed , her hands fisting in my hair , a grip that leaves me wanting so much more .
tr	PRES	They represent our love .
tr	PAST	" Mmm , you smell good , " she slurred .
tr	PAST	Wink , who seldom made a sound besides his incessant tapping , audibly squealed .
tr	PRES	As soon as the Mayor allows me . "
tr	PAST	He dialed the number to his personal pilot .
tr	PAST	Miriam and the doctor visited frequently at the request of the magistrate before the final decision was to be made as to her trial date .
tr	PAST	Kai stole three of the plates as she made her escape . "
tr	PRES	Can you fix me ? "
tr	PRES	She begins to pace back and forth with her fingertips against her chin .
tr	PAST	An image of a green field emerged .
tr	PAST	" You know , " I pondered angrily .
tr	PAST	Outside , the deliciously warm desert air dusted my cheeks and swept through my hair .
tr	PAST	She thanked her stars that Paul did not inquire about the motorcycle .
tr	PAST	" Push the white buttons on your headset cables to talk , one at a time , please , " he instructed his passengers .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the armory , which is a long hall of power suits , weapons , and strange glowing computers .
tr	PRES	" Did you ... " I huff , " did you ... " my voice cracks and my heart cracks and my mind cracks too .
tr	PRES	Might as well celebrate the first warm day of the year .
tr	PAST	It persisted for nearly an entire cycle before the Horus returned and wrested it back .
tr	PAST	The taste of tonight 's champagne assaulted me as his tongue slid over mine slowly , as if he was trying to savor me .
tr	PRES	Josef smiled , " Josef Lindahl , it 's , err , just plain DC I 'm afraid " " DC ? "
tr	PAST	" Listen very carefully , Nick , " Axel advised unnecessarily .
tr	PRES	Even the Super Bowl lacks the clout that The Answer & Question Soiree has garnered .
tr	PRES	A look of realization dawns on Alec 's face .
tr	PAST	The quickening rush of adrenaline lanced through him like a hot knife .
tr	PAST	He acted as though there may be other stops before Earth .
tr	PRES	" The W stands for Winthrop . "
tr	PAST	My mom and dad treated her like their kid and fussed over her ( which she secretly loved ) .
tr	PRES	He points one claw at her , the rest curling in .
tr	PAST	" My apologies , " Tarkin flicked the splinter away with two fingers .
tr	PRES	Eric walked in a few moments later wearing jeans and pulling a black T-shirt over his head , his hair still damp .
tr	PAST	" I pretended to be admiring Mrs. Wagner 's view and unlocked her window .
tr	PAST	After joining up with their companion , all three brandished their surfboards and charged down towards where the sea awaited .
tr	PAST	Trevor attempted a grin , but the rest of him was now red as well .
tr	PRES	You increase the chances of something going wrong by handling it on your own , " the Gold Jester objects .
tr	PAST	" Jenna , " I lied , choosing my sister 's name .
tr	PRES	All four of us lean in closer too .
tr	PRES	" Yes sir , " Josephine whispered .
tr	PRES	The song wraps up and there is barely a dry eye in the place .
tr	PAST	The middle-aged man collapsed to the ground .
tr	PRES	Anyway , he visits all of the hospitals on a demand basis .
tr	PRES	Looking inside the man 's mouth , he sees the chunk of food appear in the back of his throat .
tr	PAST	But , maybe if I hadn 't remarried so quickly .
tr	PRES	" Everybody loves a hero . "
tr	PRES	she snaps , loud enough to wake the rest of the kids .
tr	PAST	Once I was down the street away from prying eyes , I teleported .
tr	PAST	Pain like a thousand fireworks exploded in my leg .
tr	PRES	" Your anti-stress agent . "
tr	PRES	Triumph shone from her features .
tr	PAST	It lands on the balustrade in front of me and becomes utterly motionless .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arm around me , too , as if to ensure I won 't be cold .
tr	PAST	It screeched an unholy sound and rolled away from me as if I were poison , rubbing at its eyes .
tr	PAST	Instead , she rinsed both bowl and spoon in her bathroom sink then laid them out on top of her chest of drawers .
tr	PRES	He sniffed her hand , his big jowls grazing her skin .
tr	PAST	" They announced a ceasefire this morning , perhaps as a chance to disseminate propaganda like this . "
tr	PRES	Rain hisses in my ears .
tr	PRES	He holds still for a moment , staring at the covered body , looking for movement under the sheet .
tr	PAST	" He claimed he would free me one day . "
tr	PRES	Her speed terrifies me .
tr	PRES	" I have my reasons , " I snap .
tr	PAST	He squealed , dropped his bucket and ran around the two men , straight to the home wagon , laughing in pure delight .
tr	PRES	Coral begins to cough .
tr	PRES	' Or a fellow volunteer . '
tr	PAST	It lands with a soft thud in the sand .
tr	PRES	The file photo taunts me .
tr	PAST	" Ah , no foreplay required . "
tr	PRES	Chloe hisses at me once we are away from the crowd .
tr	PAST	The thought of taking another woman to his bed no longer appealed .
tr	PAST	exclaimed Theo with a grin , " She is back ! "
tr	PAST	Eli withdrew his hand swallowing hard .
tr	PRES	Heck , even the winery fits in .
tr	PRES	" I guess now I can drink from Cade without having to worry about kil ing him , " I teased , only partial y in jest .
tr	PRES	He flips me onto my back and climbs on top of me , his body pressing heavily against mine .
tr	PAST	She never pretended to have all the answers , or to be a substitute for doctors or family therapy .
tr	PAST	Now she cocked her head .
tr	PAST	A motion detector sensed the human approaching and correspondingly opened the next set of doors .
tr	PRES	" The dungeon ? "
tr	PRES	Then his lame economic policies screwed the economy , then the money printing , the collapse of the dollar .
tr	PRES	Your highness , I confess I do not know what you mean . "
tr	PAST	First one who grabbed the flag and brought it back down received a pat on the back .
tr	PAST	Cleared for immediate takeoff the Citation proceeded without hesitation to the active runway .
tr	PAST	Perhaps they preferred to be served by women of their own clan .
tr	PRES	My hand falls onto the book Gramps gave me .
tr	PAST	Crown inched his way to his feet , using the wall for support .
tr	PRES	" It 's terrifying , " states my aunt softly .
tr	PAST	No , no , no ... his mind shrieked .
tr	PAST	For a moment Cassius panicked , seeing his little sister and brother out in the open like this .
tr	PRES	He tries to help me , but I shrug him off .
tr	PRES	Because that would mean that it wasn 't Daniel 's adoptive parents who 'd gone poof on the highway .
tr	PAST	Nicolas inhaled to speak , but his words caught in his throat when Maya shouted from outside their room , " Kick his butt , Nic ! "
tr	PRES	" Please describe the nature and purpose of each . "
tr	PRES	If the proper owner doesn 't claim this in thirty days , then it belongs to Miss Julie Simmons . "
tr	PRES	And if that hadn 't been evidence enough to prove his theory , the mind-blowing tightness surrounding him now was .
tr	PRES	Maybe the debris of our old lives still shapes us . '
tr	PAST	She sniffed the air .
tr	PRES	" And you blackmailed me .
tr	PAST	Moving away from the central shopping area , I visited my favourite parks .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the ground .
tr	PAST	When they reached Michael 's room , he motioned for them to sit and indicated by gesture that they should remain quiet .
tr	PAST	But Hugo handled the demon just fine not so many hours ago .
tr	PRES	Some attempts at character assassination , I suppose , regarding certain members of your family in the past .
tr	PAST	Remy motioned for the waitress and asked her for a rum and Coke , taking it upon himself to order Carmine another shot of vodka .
tr	PRES	Dane offers his hand to Cole and helps him to his feet .
tr	PAST	Zane , bringing up the rear , almost barreled over him trying to do the same .
tr	PRES	They feed on him Daily .
tr	PAST	The bad Caleb withdrew from the good one the moment Simi entered the fray .
tr	PRES	Her whisper causes my fire to cool .
tr	PRES	Night falls , and we all have much to do before we find our beds . "
tr	PRES	" Then just relax .
tr	PRES	She presses the plunger down .
tr	PRES	I wash his hair in a slow but firm motion , scratching his scalp with my fingernails .
tr	PAST	Ashley awoke , trembling .
tr	PAST	I pinched the bridge of my nose , knowing it 'd be better for my sanity if I walked away .
tr	PAST	They messed up the registration . "
tr	PAST	I immediately seized on her support .
tr	PAST	She joked , trying to lighten the mood , trying to resist as he steered her through the darkness .
tr	PAST	She inched closer and gently took the baseball bat out of my hands before she sat down next to me .
tr	PRES	That and cough syrup . "
tr	PRES	" Calder , I - " My voice sounds so tiny , so timid .
tr	PRES	This new family rule applies to each and every member of the Smith household .
tr	PAST	My stupid heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth to speak , but I can already read his name on the medication in my hands .
tr	PRES	He lets out a terrible gasp , releases Violetta , and falls to his knees .
tr	PAST	The old man convulsed as the effects of the silver fluid coursed through him and another primeval scream broke through his lips .
tr	PAST	We cleaned it all day , and Mommy let me use the duster . "
tr	PRES	He flips the light on and leans back against the door , cursing playfully .
tr	PRES	He puffs the cigar again and goes on .
tr	PRES	He brings out a bracelet version of a dream catcher .
tr	PAST	Nobody believed this tale and he was carried away to the operating room , big green eyes blinking at us over the attendant 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	" True , I denied my need to be with Iona for a long time .
tr	PAST	Smiles Greg , ignoring our little spat .
tr	PRES	Nobody at Think Tanks Anonymous 28 .
tr	PRES	Action , Action that cuts out to a sexy song , A3 enters a sexy woman .
tr	PRES	She flashes another brilliant smile and turns to go .
tr	PRES	Slowly , he removes his hand from between my legs and smoothes down my skirt .
tr	PAST	Kelly grunted and turned to the conveyor .
tr	PAST	Then she stiffened her spine and squared her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Anger and anticipation mingled , forming a volatile aggression that made him feel more alert , more on edge , than he ever had before .
tr	PRES	He wears his old blue TDF naval uniform complete with commodore stripes , despite being in the private sector for over twenty years .
tr	PAST	Of course I blamed myself .
tr	PAST	His cane extended out in front of him only slightly , making sure that the ground was level .
tr	PRES	" And one of the ancient cities .
tr	PAST	I stifled a disgusted tremor .
tr	PRES	" If you want me to stop , say something , " he begged hoarsely .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head and drew my eyes up to meet hers .
tr	PAST	You just clutched your loved ones and prayed the aggressors would go away .
tr	PAST	When David released the woman , he tugged at his collar before taking Mom 's hand .
tr	PRES	As a courtesy , we provide the capsule . "
tr	PAST	The man stares directly into his eyes ... and begins to slowly approach .
tr	PAST	I stormed passed them both , pushing their shoulders , hard .
tr	PRES	She deserves better , but that 's the best we can do for now . "
tr	PAST	Princes , apparently , dreamed on a bigger scale .
tr	PAST	Steve stares at it in bewilderment as if he is seeing the sunrise at midnight .
tr	PAST	Four sets of eyes bore into Grace .
tr	PAST	Her light blonde hair and big blue eyes accented her pale complexion and rosy cheeks .
tr	PRES	Several cautious paces farther and the passage opens into a cavern , tall enough to jump and leap with joy within .
tr	PRES	It belongs here as much as you do . "
tr	PAST	Then he cocked his head , barely enough to be noticed .
tr	PAST	He tickled the inside of her arms and she dropped her weight back on him .
tr	PRES	Her eyes settle over mine , and a smile warms her lips .
tr	PAST	With one hand , he stuffed one of the cushions behind his head .
tr	PRES	I hobble to the logs and begin dragging them away .
tr	PAST	* * * He limped back into the covert in the early hours of the morning , a faint lightness just beginning to show .
tr	PAST	Soul sniffed , not knowing why she felt tears coming to her eyes .
tr	PAST	After a quick look in the phone book , she dialed the Department of Veterans Affairs .
tr	PRES	It tastes so much better .
tr	PAST	I sensed he was close to caving in .
tr	PRES	He holds up his hand , signaling for me to sit back down .
tr	PAST	Toby blamed no one for staying away from Stove .
tr	PAST	The river slowed when it levelled out on the plains , and eventually we were washed ashore in a marshy valley , too wet to burn .
tr	PAST	I stomped her ass .
tr	PRES	" Better yet , let 's tel them your cave was fil ed with water .
tr	PAST	" And secondly , having your guards shoo everyone away just about advertised what you were doing ! "
tr	PAST	Yet instead of withdrawing the failed orders , the King extended them .
tr	PRES	" Oh , um ... " She turned bright red .
tr	PAST	At the far end was a large computer screen , with a plethora of flashing lights and buttons that befuddled Terry .
tr	PRES	Realm immediately opens it , sorting through its contents .
tr	PAST	Isaac dove over without breaking stride , and after impossibly long , breathless seconds , knifed into the water .
tr	PRES	" There is a God , " he mumbled and closed out his work for the day .
tr	PRES	" Lois witnessed it .
tr	PRES	He throws his head back and is laughing so hard that the tendons in his neck are out .
tr	PAST	They both collapsed next to him .
tr	PAST	The bright lights glowed beneath her as each hotel and casino vied for attention and tourist dollars .
tr	PAST	The spiritualist looks puzzled as he rocks back on his heels .
tr	PAST	My heart shattered and I knew that I would never again be able to piece it back together .
tr	PAST	I stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	Energy lurches through me , feeding on my terror .
tr	PAST	Love scribbled something down .
tr	PRES	* * * " Cori , I screwed up . "
tr	PAST	He destroyed an entire family .
tr	PAST	The Terrible Terry Tate brand of justice produced immediate results and put the fools on notice .
tr	PAST	I washed my hands , which were still trembling a little .
tr	PAST	A BMW in front suddenly slowed right down .
tr	PAST	Her last word exploded in the air between them .
tr	PRES	The stranger , oblivious to Aria 's awareness , draws two long black blades from beneath his jacket , the sharp edges glinting in the overhead lights .
tr	PAST	When she reached the driver 's side , she tugged at the door handle .
tr	PAST	Everything about it bothered the bearded hunter .
tr	PAST	Caught in a mutual stare for a brief second he panicked .
tr	PAST	The Guardian stomped his foot once and called attention .
tr	PAST	On the way , Jase yawned and said , " I 'm sorry .
tr	PAST	Then that unmistakable thrill zipped down his spine .
tr	PRES	What your father did for me had nothing to do with battle or war , which I believe a wolf holds above all else .
tr	PRES	By the time I return , March stands by the door , ready to go and wearing a mystified expression .
tr	PAST	He floated in a void .
tr	PRES	" You actually healed the worst of them .
tr	PAST	I stormed out of the kitchen and knocked over a vase that was sitting on the counter .
tr	PRES	" Eleven , same as always . "
tr	PAST	The plane slowed to a crawl on the runway .
tr	PRES	He flips the switch and laughs long and hard .
tr	PRES	" You belong with us . "
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger in his face .
tr	PRES	" He stares at you al the time in class .
tr	PRES	At the sight of her relaxed , happy face , my tension fades .
tr	PRES	The door slides closed after me .
tr	PRES	' Hydraulic pump switch on .
tr	PAST	He reappeared several minutes later leading a big bay stallion by the halter , mounted up , and rode away through the gate .
tr	PAST	Or tangled hair , turning into ringlets as the humidity and mist claimed its control for its own .
tr	PRES	No , you 've been able to see death , he states .
tr	PAST	" But I wouldn 't have told them , " I persisted .
tr	PAST	Emily sensed a presence and realized Julie was trying to communicate .
tr	PRES	" Except that Fae despise Shifters .
tr	PAST	He smacked the thing with the flat of his blade , accidentally missing with the edge , and knocked it to the ground .
tr	PRES	" Get back , " he snaps at them .
tr	PRES	The scream that bursts out of my mouth brings Ketchup 's arms around me in a fraction of a second .
tr	PRES	Watching his muscles bulge as he carried the freshly cut oak uprights for the dining room table was enough to give her a hot flash or twelve .
tr	PRES	Cleverly , she changes her dance routine , removing her usually sensual body movements and replacing them with flying jumps and kicks resembling rhythmic martial arts .
tr	PRES	" What witch ? "
tr	PRES	My heart tries to race faster when he looks at me , but I forbid it .
tr	PRES	" The bulls . "
tr	PAST	Sarah stiffened as the girl 's other hand dug into her upper arm .
tr	PAST	Questions had chased away the dreamlike confusion in his eyes , but he said nothing , just withdrew his hand .
tr	PRES	Their unspoken language both entrances and infuriates me .
tr	PRES	" My wife likes this model .
tr	PRES	He blows out a final breath , opens his eyes , a serious expression now on his face .
tr	PAST	The information on the headstone provided everything required for creating an entirely new identification .
tr	PAST	Her hand sought her own juices and she began to rub herself .
tr	PRES	" You still any good at poker ? "
tr	PRES	Doesn 't he attract a lot of attention ? "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't this illegal ? "
tr	PRES	" The hell we will , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	She learnt it from tabloids that Melissa was dating this billionaire guy and was growing serious about him .
tr	PRES	" That wraps up this interview .
tr	PAST	I 'm going to cancel my trip home and come there instead , " Sheridan announced in an abrupt reversal .
tr	PAST	Adelaide shrank into her bed .
tr	PAST	Lauren 's stomach churned as she asked , " You did what to the house ? "
tr	PRES	He sniffs my neck , giving me cold chills .
tr	PRES	Then , " Fine .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply , " I don 't know where to start .
tr	PRES	Asa stands there , his face unreadable .
tr	PAST	Tam very much doubted that was true .
tr	PRES	And there lies the crux of my problem .
tr	PAST	She dismissed that idea with a wave of her hand and laughed shortly before becoming quiet again .
tr	PAST	The passage on the other side of the ventilation shaft extended another eighty feet before stopping at a rusty air-tight door .
tr	PRES	" An even fight , one-on-one .
tr	PAST	I squinted an eye open to peer at the clock .
tr	PAST	Surprise stole her breath .
tr	PRES	One more slight turn had me staring at the biggest soaking tub I 'd ever seen .
tr	PRES	I had fallen onto my back , the wind knocked out of me , my ears ringing .
tr	PAST	The sweet taste of wine lingered on his lips .
tr	PRES	" You cal having to leave your family and your town because everyone knows you 're dead , working out ? "
tr	PRES	she whispers , turning her head and her lips nearly touch mine .
tr	PAST	The yellow light dimmed .
tr	PRES	" I almost lost you then , " Claire whispers as she squeezes me tightly .
tr	PRES	The plane roars above us .
tr	PRES	Panic rips through me as I consider that Nicole may be dying .
tr	PRES	Rising to their feet , they bow their heads .
tr	PRES	Sitting beside me , Pat chuckles as he reads what I 've added to a site he 's latched us into .
tr	PAST	I slapped my hands over my ears and yelled , " I would like out of this country song now .
tr	PAST	Isolation yawned like a black , empty hole .
tr	PAST	The shift in tempo charged the air around them , turning it into a living , breathing being .
tr	PRES	But , I did think -- I do think -- that we had to stand for something other than pop ditties , you dig ?
tr	PAST	We know how it is , young fellow , " the man with a hooked nose exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Emily likes that you ask her for advice .
tr	PRES	" He ... " Abe stops .
tr	PAST	His reddened cheeks revealed his embarrassment but he was loosening up .
tr	PRES	She tries to jerk her hand away , but his grip is like iron and she can 't move it .
tr	PAST	I inhaled the sweet aroma of the fare and commented , " Umm , that smells good . "
tr	PAST	He 's closer to the boat , " Susan bounced up and down , her shoes squeaking .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , " he countered , a little more defensively than he would have liked .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , looking away .
tr	PAST	A cuffed John Bell .
tr	PRES	The crowd carries me toward Edward , and I grab his arm .
tr	PAST	Jordan cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	" Not this Yew Land nonsense .
tr	PRES	" It 's hard not to hear you when you 're yelling , Angel , " I mutter flatly , closing up my computer .
tr	PAST	When she met Sebastian , she trusted him from the very beginning .
tr	PAST	Relief washed over me .
tr	PRES	The good Sherlock Holmes talks to me in his short visits to clear his conscience .
tr	PRES	Hunger consumes his eyes .
tr	PRES	' We were ... um ... ' Duke looked at them all .
tr	PRES	She uses this every night .
tr	PRES	Keep running , you English bastards ! "
tr	PRES	Cassidy swallowed bile and forced herself back to her human form .
tr	PAST	" Let 's go to Contemporary , " Ali announced .
tr	PAST	" You might want to back off for a while , " Drew advised him .
tr	PRES	I upright , mouth spitting on the floor .
tr	PRES	" Me too , " beamed Maddy .
tr	PAST	Matthew 's really gone , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	" And Nico never misses . "
tr	PRES	I crack open a few and line eight peanuts up across my bread plate .
tr	PAST	It saddened her deeply because she 'd been one of them .
tr	PRES	" Because she 's not a good influence on a two-year old !
tr	PAST	Angry thunder rumbled in the distance and cold gusts of wind bent the branches of the maple trees around me .
tr	PRES	My voice cracks as my truth spills .
tr	PAST	I countered , still furious at his assumption that I had caused the altercation .
tr	PRES	She stops short from scrubbing the granite counter raw .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Elizabeth yawned and rubbed her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Crap , " I mutter .
tr	PAST	I sensed a hallway that led into the back of the shop .
tr	PAST	When Hugo reached the top of a steep slope , he charged down without hesitation .
tr	PAST	She stares at me fiercely for a minute before she kisses me , hard , with passion .
tr	PRES	His dark curls bob as he talks .
tr	PRES	Cautiously approaching the bubbling line of lava , he sees the shape the molten liquid carved remains , though the tenacity has decreased severely .
tr	PRES	Peter tickle Amy Amy good gorilla .
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed her pensively but she could tell he approved of her decision .
tr	PAST	Nova chanced to look up .
tr	PAST	Not far away , William thanked me with a raised hand then turned to meet another guard .
tr	PAST	My eyes glazed over with a sense of dread .
tr	PRES	The eucalyptus tree dangling above us releases its soothing fragrance into the night air .
tr	PAST	Now she dreamed every night about the big bastard .
tr	PRES	After I 've finished I wipe the steam from the mirror .
tr	PAST	The legate saluted and moved away .
tr	PAST	" Don 't forget his protective streak , his deep sense of duty , " Father Hummer countered with a small smile .
tr	PRES	Kayden helps me in the truck , then jumps into the driver 's side and starts up the engine .
tr	PAST	Reaching for her hand he tugged her close .
tr	PAST	Setzer dealt a hand of cards and examined them thoroughly .
tr	PAST	I broached the subject with Mike in English .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , holding up her hands , gesturing toward the artwork .
tr	PAST	Fear replaced my anger .
tr	PRES	He begins to run towards the car , gun firing off rounds .
tr	PAST	" I realized they would come looking for it this morning , so I crept in here to give it to them , " he announced .
tr	PRES	Beneath sparse lashes the horse 's glass eye fixes on me , almost as if to beckon me closer .
tr	PRES	His hand slides along my back , then under my tank top at its base .
tr	PRES	" How generous of you . "
tr	PAST	Louisa motioned for him to join her and shut the door after they were both inside .
tr	PRES	" And if it 's not temporary ? "
tr	PRES	Then he glances at me with a grin and jabs a finger into his chest .
tr	PAST	I had always sensed Olivia had feelings for me , although we had never acted on them .
tr	PAST	I swipe my blade , slicing the air horizontally , and carve a gash below his chest .
tr	PRES	And he 's all like ' Dad , ' ' Dad ' and then it 's like , fuck me .
tr	PRES	" Magic lovers undercover . "
tr	PRES	In diplomacy I project only worst-case scenarios .
tr	PAST	" Bathroom , " Shane volunteered .
tr	PRES	The girl glances down at a crumpled piece of paper in her hand .
tr	PAST	He barely restrained an incredulous laugh .
tr	PAST	He chased them as his mother chased him .
tr	PAST	I flicked the heavy switch on the wall and the globes illuminated .
tr	PRES	" Take it , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	Maries stands and exhales shifting beside her husband .
tr	PAST	Nance wriggled herself under his arm .
tr	PRES	While everyone gathered outside and waited for the fire trucks to come , Daniel snuck in and inspected the float .
tr	PRES	" Hello Felicia Lynette . "
tr	PAST	They al fol owed Damon down to the basement and into the hal ways of administrative offices .
tr	PRES	She frowns , but she hands it over anyway .
tr	PAST	Davis presses a finger to my lips .
tr	PAST	Connor stuffed a pump into the side pocket of his bag .
tr	PRES	What the devil brings you to the wilderness ? "
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Turns out I 've developed something of a habit . '
tr	PRES	She mumbled something I didn 't hear as Romeo draped his arm across my shoulders and steered me to the door .
tr	PAST	He withdrew deep within his soul and put up impenetrable walls of steely determination around his power .
tr	PAST	I slapped a Band-Aid on the gash and another one on my arm , just in case that cut decided to open up and make a mess .
tr	PAST	She willed herself to calm down before her anxiety created a storm .
tr	PRES	" I 'm hearing a lot of talk , but I 'm not seeing a lot of action , " I teased him .
tr	PAST	Hunters didn 't bring guys like him to justice , they executed them .
tr	PRES	Very well Mr. Zane , this concludes our business .
tr	PAST	Nameless Andrew attempted an escape .
tr	PRES	His hand twitches , as if moving for a trident that still isn 't there .
tr	PRES	' It doesn 't taste like burger , ' Spike said , plucking up the courage to take a bite , ' it tastes like pizza . '
tr	PRES	" I tire of the world of men and their ineptitude .
tr	PRES	He winks at her .
tr	PAST	Instead , to my surprise , the Ageless nodded , her eyes glazed over .
tr	PAST	" The show 's over for tonight , " he announced resolutely , his voice still tinted with his irritation .
tr	PRES	He sighs heavily , looking almost defeated .
tr	PAST	Della and Miranda 's voices exploded at the same time over the line .
tr	PRES	" Unless it was that English kid , Bob .
tr	PAST	We chased her down in the alley . "
tr	PAST	I grunted angrily as Bailey continued to take me in her mouth .
tr	PAST	And though it 's what Cassie had insisted upon , something inside her shattered .
tr	PRES	My door opens and closes .
tr	PRES	" A kiss , " he begs , " to prove that you are not angry with me . "
tr	PRES	She tilted her head up , her bright eyes gleaming in the light .
tr	PRES	" Not by you , Lord Rafe , nor by anyone else . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , Roland , you idiot .
tr	PRES	" What kind of reminder ? "
tr	PRES	He drains the entire thing in one gulp , then reaches for the other cup .
tr	PRES	" Unless you count squatting in the boat house uninvited for a few nights . "
tr	PAST	As he held her unconscious body in his arms , he just prayed it would be soon enough .
tr	PAST	He screwed a silencer onto the end of the gun before taking the wad of money out of his pocket and plunking it on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	Kadie pondered Donna Stout 's words while she ate .
tr	PAST	He pretended to be calling for marketing purposes , offering the man a good deal on double glazing windows , then the man hung up .
tr	PAST	I braced my hand on the dash and was still in danger of being bounced off the seat .
tr	PRES	A sickening gush of warm air surrounded them .
tr	PAST	Santini eyed them both fearfully , then resumed his pacing .
tr	PAST	Flames swirled around him as tendrils ripped through his wall of air .
tr	PAST	She fanned a drunken hand through the air and scanned the empty beer bottles and cupcake wrappers littering the table between them .
tr	PAST	I mumbled under my breath and laughed .
tr	PRES	Johnny sighs and shakes his head .
tr	PAST	So , this idea is questionable and definitely not true , " Chris joked and we laughed .
tr	PRES	You English worship the tiniest difference between men . "
tr	PRES	" Warrior , Red Squad is away and headed for objective , provide covering fire and get ready for incoming .
tr	PAST	They either saluted or nodded really enthusiastically before hurrying to their positions .
tr	PAST	He then ever so slowly withdrew the reed from the Captain 's leg and secured the vein by tying the threads around the vein tightly .
tr	PAST	" They won 't know , " Donovan clipped out .
tr	PRES	He glanced at the floor then back to her , his thoughts spinning .
tr	PAST	She donned them like armour .
tr	PAST	She weaved on her feet , but Gus grabbed her arm and kept her from toppling over .
tr	PAST	Having finally run out of energy , she ceased her tirade .
tr	PAST	Her screams pierced her own ears .
tr	PAST	As he walked up the stairs , he caressed the hand carved railing , pausing for a sweet moment to admire its quality .
tr	PAST	Strong fingers , Luca 's I 'd guessed , clasped the back of my neck , then abruptly let go .
tr	PAST	She tensed , expecting to shatter at the words .
tr	PRES	" Miss Cooper ? "
tr	PAST	An impulse to find warmth triggered in his mind .
tr	PAST	Bastille regarded him evenly .
tr	PRES	" Their CEO . "
tr	PRES	It strikes his thigh , knocking him off-balance and sending him sideways .
tr	PAST	His body collapsed on itself as the two women on the wagon screamed in alarm .
tr	PRES	" Mom , have you seen , Antonio ? "
tr	PAST	Maybe he named her that because he knew there be a spark of goodness left in himself .
tr	PRES	Nearly all of the carriages that are left belong to Prospero .
tr	PAST	I honored him with a cross look of my own .
tr	PAST	He tugged off his tie and belt , adding them to the pile .
tr	PRES	They march towards us as we speak ! "
tr	PRES	" The lighthouse . "
tr	PRES	You know , I 'm no novice , when it comes to sex , " he begins , delightfully blunt as ever .
tr	PAST	Got to be . "
tr	PRES	West stands next to it and shoves his hands into his pockets with straight arms .
tr	PAST	That 's her , " Howie piped up , first pointing at Jane , then grabbing her upper arm .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I recall .
tr	PRES	With my eyes still closed , I mutter , " For now anyway . "
tr	PAST	Their tongues mingled , making her dizzy .
tr	PAST	" No , not just getting coffee , " he denied .
tr	PRES	" Oh please , save your lies . "
tr	PAST	" Then tell her , " she urged .
tr	PAST	The creature twirled the boomerang in its hand and laughed .
tr	PAST	His chemistry announced how he wanted her so badly as his deep , bedroom eyes locked with Amber 's .
tr	PAST	His mouth claimed mine in a passionate kiss , his lips moving against my own as his tongue swept inside .
tr	PAST	She drapes her arms around my neck , swaying back and forth and causing friction between us .
tr	PAST	Laurence pretended not to see .
tr	PAST	The Punjab eyed the smaller man warily , his eyes flashing back to the Winchester propped against the corner , then back to the man 's face .
tr	PAST	I pretended to look around his wide shoulders , leaning against his back for support .
tr	PAST	Bo smacked a mosquito on his arm , striding out of the hangar storing his damaged C-17 .
tr	PAST	The lantern light reflected off faces that were disturbing to say the least .
tr	PAST	Sage sensed that they meant no harm .
tr	PAST	She flicked a quick look and an uncertain smile at Tully , and Ren picked up on it .
tr	PRES	We are going out to the club he loves , the one I 've always managed to avoid .
tr	PAST	" When I was in his bed , " Maria 's voice announced from the entryway .
tr	PRES	He begins with a sigh .
tr	PRES	" I teach a class on ... " " Van ? "
tr	PRES	Makes yew despair of human nature , eh ? '
tr	PAST	He hooked his finger under my chin , forcing me to look at him .
tr	PRES	" That fits with Dave 's story .
tr	PRES	" Not this again , " mumbled the saloon keeper .
tr	PAST	A mortified look stole across Evy 's reddening face .
tr	PAST	On the floor was a redheaded baby in some type of pink dress and bib , crying with its arms outstretched .
tr	PAST	His command swirled through me , pushing me , urging me .
tr	PRES	The maid finally stops at a tall set of doors at the end of a hall .
tr	PAST	She inhaled a sob , her chest heaving .
tr	PRES	Have Race teach you . "
tr	PRES	When I 'm done I steal a quick glance in his direction .
tr	PRES	And I sell them to other artists .
tr	PRES	" Unfortunately , all urban job assignments other than apprenticeships are reserved for adults .
tr	PRES	" Yes , some horse manure about needing me to tone down .
tr	PRES	She tries to twirl it menacingly , but her previous skill is not as apparent .
tr	PRES	Dean stood speechless , his ears ringing in the unsettling silence between them .
tr	PRES	I am on my way , " Lance announces .
tr	PRES	" I 'll see you later , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	And then she hauled off and punched me .
tr	PRES	" Oh , stop the formalities , Emerson .
tr	PAST	He created the heavens and the earth , the birds of the air , the fish of the sea and all the animals that walk the earth .
tr	PRES	" Left flank ! "
tr	PRES	A small voice in the back of my mind whispers about the differences in our lives .
tr	PRES	My mother glances up at me , and I think she looks afraid .
tr	PAST	Fletcher handled the formalities at the airport terminal .
tr	PRES	Not Kane , as I 'd assumed , but Dare .
tr	PAST	Maggie slapped Cheyenne 's hand with her right .
tr	PRES	He snuck a glance down the top of a particularly buxom woman .
tr	PRES	Then he stops and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	I sell gourmet olive oils and whatnot .
tr	PRES	" If you still care for him , " Justine begins as she touches the screen to keep the phone from going into sleep mode .
tr	PRES	But reading a textbook presents a challenge since the information is meant to be authentic and factual .
tr	PRES	" Say something , " Doreen begged .
tr	PRES	Instead , I tune out the planetarium soundtrack and listen to her .
tr	PAST	I giggled as I tried to do my bra up again .
tr	PRES	He pushes me away and steps back .
tr	PRES	Thane climbs next to Maries .
tr	PRES	She sees the bony , veined presence of her clenched hand and feels the struggle in her wrist .
tr	PRES	" My car was being serviced , " he explains as he carefully pulls a soft t-shirt over his head .
tr	PRES	" I remember you , " Doctor Hartman states confidently .
tr	PRES	She glares at me , now more suspicious of me than ever .
tr	PRES	You never forgave me for anything did you ?
tr	PRES	Kol mutters thinking about the law .
tr	PAST	It hopped the median and headed straight towards me .
tr	PRES	The driver 's - side door squeaks as I open it , and the quarter panel has a dent in it .
tr	PRES	The sound of windows breaking , of glass crashing to the ground , fills the night .
tr	PRES	She tries to wipe some of her tears away , but more pour out .
tr	PRES	Grant lays his hand gently upon mine .
tr	PAST	She sensed it as his breathing quickened and her own pulse jumped .
tr	PRES	I urge , knowing I have to get as much detail as possible if this is going to hold up .
tr	PRES	He never lets me play with him much .
tr	PAST	Laurence giggled and handed me another one .
tr	PAST	" Son of a ... " I squealed , landing on the bed and rubbing my shin before bending down to gather up my mess .
tr	PAST	Jace snarled and grabbed at his jeans , zipping them as Deni groped for her fallen sarong .
tr	PAST	I unfolded my legs and climbed out of the chair , yawning as I padded out of the room .
tr	PAST	He practically ruled Abraham .
tr	PAST	He skipped my name .
tr	PRES	" Give her a right smack on the lips ! "
tr	PAST	The mare leaped into a gallop .
tr	PRES	' Mr. Johnson ' .
tr	PRES	" Basic assembly begins with the bacteria .
tr	PAST	He prayed he 'd left no traces behind .
tr	PAST	It slowly rotated out of view and he thought little of it as he approached until the man 's head rotated out several inches into the companionway .
tr	PRES	She considers it a good race .
tr	PAST	She hopped off the sofa and ran upstairs .
tr	PRES	screamed Rufus to his protege .
tr	PAST	Leaving me with a gun appealed to their sense of humor , too .
tr	PRES	" The rest falls inside the Mythic side of the matter .
tr	PAST	She pinched her eyebrows with a smirk .
tr	PRES	' The stuff you learn , eh ? '
tr	PRES	" Oh , well , nothing to be ashamed of , buddy .
tr	PRES	No doubt remains in my mind that dogs like Smudge , possess a sensing faculty that is not available in humans .
tr	PRES	I shout and leap away .
tr	PAST	He touches his cheek to mine , and everything in me swims with relief .
tr	PAST	She outstretched her right arm , almost cartoon like in its length , and grabbed his hand to shake it .
tr	PAST	Head high , advancing with lazy grace , the lion ambled into the square on large paws .
tr	PRES	Sales of their wine and olive oil would fall , their pottery and bronze work , emery and marble figurines .
tr	PAST	" Not done yet , " he countered and laid his hands on her knees .
tr	PAST	I whispered , pawing through the murkiness , my fingertips grazing cold rock behind and in front of me .
tr	PAST	I rotated my left foot around in a circular motion .
tr	PAST	His pocket square matched his tie .
tr	PRES	Everyone sees him as some sort of savior .
tr	PRES	He lets the sword fall to the ground and he threads his fingers through mine .
tr	PAST	Kylie inhaled , fearing the stench , but only the scent of the woods , of moist earth and green vegetation fil ed her nose .
tr	PRES	She reaches the bathroom , and looks at herself in the mirror : pale face , hair straight in the air .
tr	PRES	What brings you into Town , Devil Duke ?
tr	PAST	Cade eyed her cautiously .
tr	PAST	He stares across the sloping floor of the cave , to a pool of glassy blackness .
tr	PAST	Elaina awoke slowly to find herself nestled in warm muscular arms .
tr	PRES	" What the hell , Collin ! "
tr	PRES	" Isn 't that illegal ? "
tr	PRES	" Good morning , " I assume .
tr	PAST	" There 's no time for idle chitchat , " Scarlet chided .
tr	PAST	Mikhail gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	She bounced Hannah on her lap .
tr	PAST	White lace curtains floated in the breeze above window boxes filled with yellow daffodils .
tr	PRES	But the upright always add unto their own account .
tr	PRES	I also dreaded the cruelty of it .
tr	PAST	Hank boomed in my direction .
tr	PRES	My relaxing brings the answer to me .
tr	PRES	He stank of wine , stale sweat , and other vile odours , and she was completely powerless to resist his intentions .
tr	PRES	" I was right , " she crowed .
tr	PRES	" I know , baby , " he whispers again , slowly exploring my collarbone and neck with his lips .
tr	PRES	" Callie , stop it , " Courtney returns with a pout .
tr	PRES	The day the sirens sing a victory fanfare for us .
tr	PRES	A storage of power so incredible that it stretched her understanding .
tr	PRES	I tuned them out .
tr	PAST	As he sat down , she served him a bowl of oatmeal and two slices of bread , with tea .
tr	PAST	It bothered him greatly , and he couldn 't quite understand why .
tr	PAST	His Holiness extended his hand toward Count Lucien , who regarded him in stony silence .
tr	PAST	" Request denied . "
tr	PAST	" My team is just minutes out , " he reiterated with confidence .
tr	PRES	He flips onto his stomach and pushes up to his hands and knees , panting from the fall .
tr	PRES	So , remains the whiskey .
tr	PAST	I doubted I 'd be able to control the fire burning within me .
tr	PAST	I deepened the kiss , my tongue pushing its way into her mouth .
tr	PAST	She doubted Wren could afford his own counsel , and from what she knew of public defenders , they were often overworked .
tr	PAST	He sensed Kathy 's presence immediately .
tr	PRES	Call ' em off ! '
tr	PAST	Savannah swayed on her feet , blinking wildly against the darkness .
tr	PRES	As it is ... people reap what they sow . "
tr	PAST	He holstered his weapon and advanced on her .
tr	PAST	" I risked nothing . "
tr	PRES	I stoop to peer into some of the lower ones and my eye catches on an odd dome shape .
tr	PRES	" Hey , Lewis , " interrupted Benny .
tr	PRES	" Aye , " he chuckles .
tr	PAST	The librarian swiped Reese 's credit card to pay for the photocopying fees .
tr	PRES	You drag me back kicking and screaming and convince me to stay . "
tr	PAST	Ambrose saluted his fallen foe with his sword .
tr	PRES	The soft strands tickle my face and I breathe in deeply .
tr	PRES	One man holds up a boot and another holds up a sleeping bag , and they all burst out laughing .
tr	PRES	She stepped toward me , hands shimmering as a bracelet appeared between her hands .
tr	PAST	Dimitri tugged until Skyler was beneath the protection of his shoulder .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Benjamin pushes to his feet where he 's sitting next to me .
tr	PAST	With my elbows on his shoulders , I threaded the hair on the back of his head through my fingers and kissed the top of his head .
tr	PAST	I 've lied about my identity and my age . "
tr	PRES	They crushed their enemies and ruled with a monstrous authority . "
tr	PAST	" It 's not my fault , " I lied , louder this time .
tr	PRES	Emma falls down into an endless darkness .
tr	PRES	It looked at Zoey , its nostrils flaring , and then cocked its head towards the stairs .
tr	PAST	Jude stomped up the steps and Max cuddled closer to her .
tr	PRES	" Father Piers ... how can it be ... ? "
tr	PRES	" But only if you text or call me the second you are not alright , Ok ?
tr	PRES	That woman deserves to be on this case , she - " " Jack isn 't going to hurt her . "
tr	PRES	The clothes , the jewels , the dinners ... " " The broken heart ? "
tr	PRES	" Three stitches on the tongue ?
tr	PAST	His opinion of himself lessened , by degrees , in this short time span .
tr	PRES	I tip my bucket to allow a bit of the foul cargo to spill out onto the path , then continue picking my way along .
tr	PRES	" Woman , will you marry me and make me the happiest man in the world ? "
tr	PAST	She proceeded to the shoe department and found some elegant pumps that would be perfect for the dress .
tr	PAST	Dropping to his knees before her , he untied the sash and held her robe open .
tr	PRES	" Sorry ladies , but we have a policy here at the school ... no dating students ' parents . "
tr	PRES	As another tear rolls down her cheek , I correct myself quietly .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not going anywhere , " he whispers as I continue to sob quietly into his side .
tr	PRES	" What about Donny ? "
tr	PRES	" What about something modern ? "
tr	PRES	Tony begins fiddling with the radio .
tr	PAST	He nervously adjusted his spectacles .
tr	PAST	Cruise eyed it warily before he said " And our branch is in London city . "
tr	PAST	I belted out the song as loudly as I could .
tr	PRES	" I mean , she never talks about herself .
tr	PRES	" I didn 't say that , " she teased playfully .
tr	PRES	She lets go of me and I bend back to where I 'm standing straight .
tr	PRES	" I don 't see any one on this side , " Jessica states from the Starboard .
tr	PRES	" I think your mom 's car needs shocks , " I shout over the sound of the tires grinding their way through the dirt .
tr	PRES	They report that the garrison is missing yet the facility remains intact and in place .
tr	PRES	14 Ira The late afternoon sun begins to sink below the horizon , and I should be concerned about the coming of night .
tr	PRES	Faye flinches , as if I 've slapped her .
tr	PRES	Cause your girlfriend likes me so you 're getting back at me ? "
tr	PAST	" They stole the painting I had been working on for you for Christmas .
tr	PRES	" Victoria , " I shout over the wind .
tr	PAST	Jef crawled into Harvey 's lap .
tr	PAST	At that , the wails subsided , but broken sobs still emitted from under a blanket at the back of the campervan .
tr	PRES	" He deserves it . "
tr	PAST	" You are , you know , " he announced calmly .
tr	PRES	" A knockout , even by Home standards . "
tr	PRES	My mouth splits into a grin .
tr	PRES	Push her to her limits .
tr	PRES	I lean my cheek against the frame .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the door vibrated , and the knob turned .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , though I was frightened of what this secret could be .
tr	PAST	I destroyed the gate .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , you ladies should 've known better than to condone such ridiculousness , " Aunt Letty snaps .
tr	PRES	She holds up her finger and wanders over to the phone on the corner desk .
tr	PAST	Phelps meandered over to the window , drawing open the ivory jacquard drapes in a manly survey of the new environment .
tr	PAST	Catherine scooted over in her seat .
tr	PRES	Until then , no one touches that tree . "
tr	PRES	" How far to Cedar Lake ? "
tr	PRES	Shoot , you idiot !
tr	PRES	Cold , calculating , merciless ?
tr	PRES	" Unfortunately , he also considers Hawk his closest friend , so his advice will be somewhat colored by that .
tr	PRES	" Yes , thank you , " I add , somewhat belatedly .
tr	PAST	Far off I sensed hundreds of minds broadcasting an array of emotions , everything from shattering fear to unbridled glee .
tr	PAST	Amanda froze as soon as she saw the interior .
tr	PAST	I giggled , because Alec was funny .
tr	PAST	The insect things buzzed and whined and tore at his pack , but they could not gain entrance .
tr	PAST	When I nodded , he pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PRES	She uses the bank where he works . "
tr	PAST	People 's inner auras glowed , depending on their health .
tr	PAST	The stench invaded my nose and throat , choking me like the smoke had , and I had to swallow down my bile again .
tr	PRES	But an hour passes and I am still wide awake .
tr	PRES	He stands behind me , and I avert my eyes as the clippers start to buzz .
tr	PRES	( Well , another huge pile of dollars .
tr	PRES	When I ring Marceline 's bell , Harlin stands next to me with his arms crossed over his chest .
tr	PRES	Diamonds encrusted the heavy gold buckles .
tr	PAST	I 've lied to you before . "
tr	PAST	The train barreled on through the night , unknowing of what it had interrupted .
tr	PAST	" No problem , " she lied .
tr	PRES	She falls behind as soon as we begin to move , and Alex hangs back with her .
tr	PAST	" I 'd say now was one of those ' reassuring times ' , " Sibyl countered .
tr	PRES	It surely and unquestionably was .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted with my foot in the sand , embarrassed by his praise .
tr	PAST	I charged forward , desperate to reach Sofia before Arron could .
tr	PRES	At least , most of the ones in your ' neighborhood . '
tr	PAST	His breath mingled with mine as he whispered his next words .
tr	PRES	" Trying to rip everything again , Frey ! "
tr	PRES	Although , if that were the case , it would also know Felix .
tr	PAST	I created a new group of advisors , a new family for myself .
tr	PRES	" The mouse holds an advantage over you . "
tr	PRES	An opportunity falls right in your lap to justify what you 've wanted since you 've taken power . "
tr	PRES	The sound of laughter and music floats through the night air , swirling and ephemeral .
tr	PAST	He stares at me as if trying to pull the answers from my very soul .
tr	PAST	Amelia stiffened at his words .
tr	PRES	" Your hair is like water , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	Sarah giggled again and then began telling her to ignore Jemima .
tr	PAST	Sneed slapped Mac on the back .
tr	PRES	I swipe the vial up .
tr	PRES	I lean up on my elbows so that I can watch what he 's going to do .
tr	PRES	" You assume correctly . "
tr	PRES	Locks of blond hair surround me on the floor in a semicircle .
tr	PAST	At the moment of her touch , the symbols froze .
tr	PRES	" Tim , Nell , Lilly ... Get back to the edge of the building ... Now , " Tom whispered loudly .
tr	PRES	I march up to her in what can only be an aggressive Charlie move , and grab her hand .
tr	PRES	Meanwhile , Amara wishes to meet you . "
tr	PAST	They grunted , looking at each other and reluctantly left the room .
tr	PAST	God and angels and destiny swirled lazily inside my head as my flesh melted under the intensity of the hounds ' flaming gaze .
tr	PAST	" You destroyed an entire family , damn you .
tr	PAST	He sped up the pace .
tr	PRES	What causes the worst pain I 've ever felt ?
tr	PRES	She flicks another switch , and lights cascade on like dominoes .
tr	PAST	Her arms circled his neck and she moved against him , restless and in need .
tr	PAST	Hanna 's cell phone beeped , and she quickly turned down the volume .
tr	PRES	" Sounds good to me , " I murmur , grabbing his T-shirt and bringing his lips back down onto mine .
tr	PRES	He draws me into his arms for a hug .
tr	PAST	he inquired after giving her a brief kiss in greeting .
tr	PAST	I slapped myself in the back of the head .
tr	PRES	It slams into me like an invisible hand .
tr	PRES	She stops rocking quite so much , still looking at me , maybe believing me ?
tr	PRES	" The Lord Ruler sells the metal only in small bits , charging outrageous sums to the nobility .
tr	PAST	Mitch 's words replayed in her head .
tr	PRES	" You 've been barking up the wrong tree , pardon the pun , for a while now .
tr	PAST	He always reassured me that he has everybody keeping an eye out and I would be one of the first to know .
tr	PRES	To judge by the glittering pile , this had been , or was , a rich man .
tr	PRES	shouted King Ignis happily .
tr	PRES	" Was Chloe part of that group ? "
tr	PAST	Annie idly calculated how big the trunk would have to be to fit an entire adult female body .
tr	PRES	" That 's much better , " Max sighs .
tr	PRES	It fits , but I will never tell her or she might die of smugness .
tr	PAST	" Yes , Brock , " Morgan droned back , as the conversation had taken its inevitable turn .
tr	PRES	" But what about your assistant ? "
tr	PRES	Sleep on it if you have to .
tr	PAST	Hundreds of stars twinkled and glimmered in the distance .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PRES	Gwen mumbled as she brushed the snow off her face .
tr	PAST	He received his BA from Utah State University , where he majored in Business Information Systems with a minor in German .
tr	PRES	" Unidentified aircraft approaching the John F Kennedy , identify yourself please . "
tr	PAST	He clutched the rock , but scratched his hands and fell back into the screaming mass .
tr	PRES	" What kind of supplies ? "
tr	PRES	No , 'cause everyone hears you when you talk . "
tr	PAST	She wagged a finger at me .
tr	PAST	During those years he proved himself as a person worthy of respect , and showed some willpower after all .
tr	PRES	I shout to Beast as I pull my crossbow out and aim for the man in the tree .
tr	PRES	" I thought I was clear , Katie .
tr	PAST	When they crossed the threshold , wings flapped in the shadows , building to a furor before settling .
tr	PAST	She doubted that he 'd do that .
tr	PRES	My father reclaimed it and taught the technique to us as children where we perfected it .
tr	PAST	" I didn 't think of it last night , " her father rumbled .
tr	PRES	A grin so heartless even his amusement was tainted .
tr	PAST	She giggled as he kissed her hand with some extravagance .
tr	PRES	" A fitting tribute to your beauty , Mrs Bradshaw . "
tr	PAST	He preferred the subtle sculpting of a leaner face .
tr	PAST	Lifting uncomfortably to her feet she motioned me to rise and join her .
tr	PAST	I weaved my way through the forest ; the center was too densely packed to be investigated .
tr	PRES	And anyway , Lucy loves Jared . "
tr	PAST	We lingered after the game , getting food in a diner nearby , even trading our train tickets for a later ride home .
tr	PRES	His mouth presses into a firm line .
tr	PAST	Dez and the rest of the Wardens tensed .
tr	PRES	Tia doesn 't need that today , and neither do I. " Goodbye , " I murmur to my family .
tr	PRES	It slides down my throat and chokes me .
tr	PAST	According to Jaynes , the Odyssey represented the turning point in the history of consciousness .
tr	PAST	It won 't help Buddy or anyone else if we get into a wreck on the way to the hospital , " she chided gently .
tr	PRES	He loves me more that I can ever explain to you .
tr	PAST	He chided himself a hundred times .
tr	PAST	The truck slowed and he turned onto a road that was little more than a gravel trail .
tr	PAST	" Dr. Taylor just emailed that he received the file . "
tr	PRES	" So ... care to join me , Wild ? "
tr	PAST	He massaged the flesh and plucked at the thong as his mouth sank into her throat .
tr	PAST	Now , her thoughts strayed to Finn .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , taking the walkie from Olivia and holding it up to his mouth .
tr	PRES	So I insult you . '
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Curtis ? "
tr	PAST	I wrung it and folded it neatly and draped it over the divider between my sinks .
tr	PAST	Her first few stops proved to be fruitless and she started to grow concerned as the evening set in .
tr	PAST	He replaced his glasses and frowned at the nurse .
tr	PRES	" The cuff was for being an idiot , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Her stomach churned as if it 'd been only a few months since she 'd last walked this path .
tr	PRES	He stands and shakes himself off , then sits back down .
tr	PRES	" We can agree to disagree on that point , " I teased .
tr	PAST	Winston adjusted his optics to the lower light -- a huge presence blocked the way !
tr	PAST	" Mr. Clancy , have you been ... " He grabbed Clancy and began dragging him back into the woods .
tr	PRES	Now he pulled back , his eyes fading a bit in surprise .
tr	PRES	The soldier glares at me with cold contempt .
tr	PRES	She reaches into a cabinet to pull down a box of macaroni and cheese and then grabs a pot and fills it with water .
tr	PRES	Anansi sings , I had a pain in my neck , but now it 's gone .
tr	PAST	I stuffed down my anger at him and turned back to see Nina looking at me with reproach .
tr	PAST	" I never lied to you .
tr	PRES	The embroidered samplers , the needlepoint table scarves .
tr	PRES	A burr and a buzz tickle my mind , keeping me alert .
tr	PRES	I settle on a similarly checked red-and-white halter dress , which I made from an actual picnic blanket for the last Fourth of July .
tr	PAST	Agnes sobbed in misery .
tr	PAST	Once they were activated and deployed , they recorded that vicinity in great detail , but those records were of course destroyed with the robots .
tr	PRES	His faint echo moves closer to me .
tr	PRES	He scoots behind me .
tr	PRES	She points to you and she says to me in that shaky little voice that means she 's tryin not to cry , ' Look , Filbert .
tr	PAST	The creature shrieked once more , its powerful wings sending it higher , and then it took off straight into the trees .
tr	PRES	" It belongs to a Blake Severin , but I do not believe he is involved . "
tr	PAST	Gabriel glided through the house , expending as little energy as possible .
tr	PAST	" I don 't take real good care of my toenails , " she stated .
tr	PRES	Rio de Janeiro , Brazil 26th of April , 1946 Dear Vero and Hector , Greetings from sunny Brazil !
tr	PRES	" That 's just sick , Rach .
tr	PAST	They circled around each other politely , making superficial conversation at dinner .
tr	PAST	" I know that , " she lied .
tr	PAST	In early October , the college Thomas and his friends attended put on an opening semester fair for students , families and friends .
tr	PRES	He lets the screen door slam behind him .
tr	PRES	Come on , just a little hint . "
tr	PRES	Which actually brings me to my point .
tr	PAST	It bounced off the ceiling and glided towards the other end of the room .
tr	PAST	A man inched past them , inserted an aluminum sliver into the key slit , and walked in .
tr	PAST	Somehow , my sister 's unwanted sympathy stiffened my resolve .
tr	PRES	I hesitate before answering .
tr	PAST	I coalesced amid the guys .
tr	PAST	Reluctantly , Aria relayed what Noel had told her , including how he 'd visited Ali at The Preserve .
tr	PRES	Tension fills the air , more and more , the closer he gets .
tr	PRES	What if I scare her ?
tr	PRES	She throws her arms behind her , wrapping them around the tree , and peers over the branch below .
tr	PAST	His eyes were glassy , his hair tousled .
tr	PAST	I jabbed the sword into her skin , leaving a thin red line on the side of her neck .
tr	PRES	The negotiations involve several meetings with tribal , government , and Terrorist leaders .
tr	PAST	I squirted kerosene into the barrel , tossed my plastic gloves in after it , and tossed in a match .
tr	PRES	" She loves both her parents .
tr	PAST	Gavin slowed down and then stopped .
tr	PRES	" But next time , please request a healthier meal . "
tr	PAST	As I stepped through the beads hanging in the doorway , she slapped her knife into my palm .
tr	PRES	He deserves to die .
tr	PRES	It helps people to forget that you can be just as intemperate about lots of other things .
tr	PRES	Carrie folds her arms , already defensive .
tr	PAST	" Then why ... " He slowed the truck .
tr	PAST	His full mouth curved wryly , as he leaned back and adjusted his coat .
tr	PAST	These props cost a lot of money . "
tr	PRES	Hailey 's back arches .
tr	PRES	With no perceptible means to access it , he lets out a long sigh , irritated by the rapidly increasing challenge the temple is presenting .
tr	PRES	" A mile , two at the most . "
tr	PAST	He stripped her of her dress .
tr	PRES	Even in the dim lighting the gold chain shimmers like magic .
tr	PAST	Its bright green goo rapidly dimmed and turned grey .
tr	PAST	" No pulse , no heartbeat , " he announced after a few seconds .
tr	PAST	He simply charged ahead in a blur of flawless coordination .
tr	PAST	Nan stomped her foot .
tr	PRES	" It absolutely kills me that you think I would try to hurt you . "
tr	PAST	It was so distasteful , I dared not consider it .
tr	PAST	He withdrew , though he 'd barely gotten the head inside her opening .
tr	PAST	" Lady Isabella , you too . "
tr	PAST	Seth exited the room again .
tr	PRES	Bill mumbled something incoherent to Quinn and waved his hand dismissively , as if Quinn was there to see the motion of his hands .
tr	PAST	" I sought only to give you some kindly advice to spare you a degree of unpleasantness . "
tr	PRES	Maggie disconnected and held the phone to her ear for another moment .
tr	PAST	Since demons are not particularly susceptible to iron , this served only to piss the entity off .
tr	PAST	A sudden feeling of panic engulfed me and I tried to tamp it down and convince myself that of course I would get back home .
tr	PRES	Ellis launches himself into the pool with a cannonball landing a good two feet away from me .
tr	PRES	Ethan lets out a gradual exhale .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , looking back to the group .
tr	PRES	As we cross the parking lot , Lucy points toward the bus stop .
tr	PRES	He really flapped his tongue some at me , " she mumbled .
tr	PAST	Chapter Six I sat in the back of the town car and stared out the window .
tr	PAST	He tickled me and let me squirm for a little too long in my opinion .
tr	PAST	" I think you 've given me the wrong sword , " I replaced the sleeve and handed it back to him .
tr	PRES	" Because they can swim ? "
tr	PRES	" Did they discover anything ? "
tr	PAST	" Darth goddamned Sullivan . "
tr	PAST	someone exclaimed from the front of the sleek , white , conversion van .
tr	PAST	Regardless of who worked where , the event produced the same positive effect .
tr	PAST	I dusted the chair as quickly as I could .
tr	PRES	" Another nightmare ? "
tr	PAST	He motioned to Noah , and his friend started crossing the room toward him .
tr	PRES	And she hates me . "
tr	PRES	Eyes were wide , pulses racing , bodies shivering with fear .
tr	PAST	I click on the radio , am assaulted by a series of country music or fast talking Spanish language stations .
tr	PAST	Picking up the broken computer he dumped it outside waiting for collection in a few days .
tr	PRES	Blood drips down the wallpaper in tiny red beads .
tr	PAST	Her hand withdrew , her lips curving around his cock .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply as he slowly pushed his way inside me .
tr	PRES	She 'd cut her hair so it rested against her jaw , her bangs sweeping along her brow .
tr	PAST	The man leaped backwards and moved around to stairway entrance .
tr	PRES	I mumbled between mouthfuls .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and pressed her lips against his , he felt them open and he opened his in response .
tr	PRES	Ingrid holds out her hand , palm facing the floor , and examines her nails .
tr	PAST	Other customers shrank away from them .
tr	PAST	The scene unfolded in seconds , but David didn 't believe his eyes .
tr	PAST	Then , you abandoned that army without leadership or control outside the most populated city in the whole of the Final Empire . "
tr	PRES	" Aye , I wrapped that cloak around you . "
tr	PRES	Dante freezes , his eyes boring into mine .
tr	PRES	She wraps around me , so much bigger and softer than I ever imagined from inside , and I strain my eyes open .
tr	PRES	" Upon the mark , ten even paces aside , counted loud from both parties .
tr	PAST	She skipped the hug and just patted my shoulder instead .
tr	PAST	And although she didn 't say anything , she feared Jared might not make it to the hospital in time .
tr	PAST	But Daniel claimed it meant ' When I think of you , I miss having friends ' .
tr	PAST	Car horns merged with the music to produce a strange , almost hypnotic rhythm .
tr	PAST	For the first time since she 'd read Nolan 's column that afternoon , she experienced the beginnings of excitement .
tr	PRES	To top it off , the sun shone in a cloudless blue sky , a rare sight of late .
tr	PAST	Jason eyed the surrounding ivy .
tr	PRES	" Kinks , " Bathsheba repeated , blinking her eyes rapidly .
tr	PAST	The moist tip of his tongue outlined her bottom lip .
tr	PAST	He willed her to see in his eyes his need to keep things level .
tr	PAST	But you accused me of crimes .
tr	PRES	Every little wiggle and grunt .
tr	PAST	A scrawny , drunken fool with a head stuffed full of useless knowledge . "
tr	PAST	The two men in the corridor circled each other with the same movements as the two in the bedroom .
tr	PRES	And also , as she lies helpless , her virginity .
tr	PAST	Moonlight off the snow provided enough light at the window for her to see Balthazar 's outline , a broad , reassuring shadow .
tr	PAST	He stole their money .
tr	PAST	Their colors ranged the entire spectrum , from white to black .
tr	PAST	His father and the scandal that had chased him even farther into seclusion .
tr	PAST	His body , always voraciously hungry , absorbed that bead as if absorbing her very essence .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you going to congratulate me on making captain ? "
tr	PAST	Mary cocked her head to the side , her eyes appearing vacant .
tr	PAST	Macy , coming back to herself , squealed and clapped her hands .
tr	PRES	" The combat and durability skills could have come from a Protector , " Zeke points out .
tr	PRES	Everyone who looks at me sees himself as he is ; and he who has seen himself is done with the Bridge of Time . "
tr	PRES	" Last-minute Christmas shopping . "
tr	PRES	' Out , now ! '
tr	PRES	Then something else occurs to me .
tr	PAST	But she preferred to let the camping trip fade into the past without further notice .
tr	PRES	" No problem ... So what 's the plan , captain ? "
tr	PRES	" I just left my wife , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	My free hand curved up around his neck and drew his face down so I could kiss him .
tr	PRES	" Ok , but how about I buy you a cup of hot chocolate ?
tr	PAST	The passage curved steadily downward and to the right .
tr	PAST	Gabriel cocked one thick eyebrow .
tr	PRES	" I 'll do anything not to be handed over to the Counts , " I plead .
tr	PRES	It lets you surrender to yourself a little bit and see things the way I do .
tr	PRES	I bury these feelings .
tr	PAST	Gretchen dialed Steve 's home number from the laundry room to allow Nina plenty of time to clean up .
tr	PAST	One plunged 20 feet into an asphalt road .
tr	PAST	His question fractured my heart into a thousand pieces and the sobbing started yet again .
tr	PRES	" And you , Lucien .
tr	PRES	A terrible hope shone on his filthy face .
tr	PRES	She brings her arm up and pulls the rubber band out of her hair and it falls down over her shoulder .
tr	PAST	he inquired so quietly that even I could barely hear him .
tr	PAST	With each passing moment , the worry lines on Meir 's face deepened .
tr	PAST	I barely restrained a grunt of frustration .
tr	PAST	That I blamed Tim for stealing .
tr	PRES	Wind , cold and wet , whipped my hair back .
tr	PRES	But I don 't think my parents would mind , " I add quickly .
tr	PAST	She sped up , riding him , the sensation sweet and hot and overwhelming .
tr	PRES	Prewitt frowns at the hologram .
tr	PAST	The craft slowed and dropped in altitude .
tr	PRES	When he pauses at the end of the table , Monroe holds out his hand to me .
tr	PAST	He clutched my head with one hand , grabbing onto my hair ; then he shuddered and stilled .
tr	PAST	She tugged on the pillow , trying to uncover her face .
tr	PRES	To give Geneva her emotional money 's worth , I stepped onto the grave and crouched , my hand resting on the headstone .
tr	PAST	" Okay , " the coach rumbled .
tr	PAST	He tensed , not sure he could handle that .
tr	PAST	One day , however , an old elm awoke .
tr	PAST	Placid animals roamed the land ; great flocks of birds filled the air with flight and song .
tr	PRES	He stills on his pillow , and his breathing slows down again .
tr	PRES	A redhead stands across from me , pointing her finger in my direction .
tr	PRES	How easily he was defeated ... how humiliating his defeat .
tr	PAST	Relieved , I tugged off my cap , and my hair tumbled down my back .
tr	PAST	He prayed his fingerprints weren 't registered somewhere .
tr	PRES	Huge silvery cylinders , in front of which they look like grains of sand .
tr	PAST	It brightened up my entire day , gave me something exciting to look forward to ! "
tr	PAST	She shuffled things around , pretending to work , while she vented " ... and I don 't care if he has told me a thousand times .
tr	PAST	Vader adjusted his helmet before moving off to the right , out of the foyer .
tr	PRES	As soon as he 's drawn Nine a few yards away from the dummy , Eight disappears , reappearing over the dummy .
tr	PRES	" No , " I murmur , gripping her shoulders -- gently this time -- and pulling her in toward me .
tr	PRES	Five looks sheepish now .
tr	PRES	My body , already frozen from the cold , now solid with terror .
tr	PAST	Ronny 's head perked up .
tr	PAST	Byron glided silently through the wide , marbled halls , down the sweeping staircase to inspect the damage near Don Giovanni 's private room .
tr	PAST	And he plunged inside her .
tr	PAST	a loud voice boomed .
tr	PAST	Elise then outlined her migration studies and the impact that would have on Louisiana .
tr	PAST	Caroline inhaled a deep breath , releasing it slowly as she tried to keep a lid on her anger and decide how to proceed .
tr	PAST	Steve dumped me because I wanted a future and he wanted the female equivalent of a hood ornament .
tr	PAST	After that , I padded quickly and quietly to the nearest batch of loose tiles .
tr	PRES	" Aren 't you his only nephew ? "
tr	PAST	" Nah , " she squealed shaking her head that her hair flew all around her head .
tr	PRES	Alec fists his fingers in my hair and pushes my head down as he flexes his hips , forcing himself into my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Antonio Strong . "
tr	PAST	" When she got home that night , I confronted her with it .
tr	PRES	* * * Sitting in history class , Julie struggled to pay attention but her eyes kept wandering to the clock .
tr	PRES	In his hands he carries a large piece of paper .
tr	PAST	She stepped back , slapped at his hand when she stumbled and he steadied her .
tr	PAST	The blow of the sword shattered the haft and sent her tumbling back down onto the ground .
tr	PRES	The president 's image disappears , and the newsroom is now being broadcasted into the Professor 's living space .
tr	PRES	I wince at his name , reminded again of how much I miss him .
tr	PAST	Mr. Nelson instructed that they should stay within the trails and don 't go down to the lake .
tr	PAST	He palmed his other gun , the metal a welcome weight in his hand .
tr	PRES	Felt like papers , mostly , some kind of bag of candy , loose change , pencils .
tr	PAST	The morning air exhilarated .
tr	PRES	A guard with white gloves signals for me to move forward ... I pass his exam .
tr	PAST	A low growl rumbled in his throat ; his pale eyes glowed a feral red .
tr	PAST	He urged her to sit and she did .
tr	PRES	The asphalt stops , and a series of gravel roads disappear into the mountains .
tr	PAST	They piled into the front , with Kane in the back .
tr	PRES	Otherwise , our conversation remains a secret . "
tr	PAST	Mum shrieked as I smirked at her , stuck my tongue out at the baby and danced upstairs into my room .
tr	PRES	You sing like something I 've never heard before . "
tr	PRES	She stands and kisses me on the cheek as if nothing has occurred since our last meeting , the night before the Quarter Quell .
tr	PRES	Because the truth was that she 'd just put her own heart in the most dangerous position imaginable .
tr	PAST	Sara sobbed as they entered .
tr	PRES	I assume I will report directly to you . "
tr	PRES	Colors , Colors , Colors !
tr	PRES	I crouch down between Emily and Michelle trying to catch a glimpse of the unintended victim of my clumsiness .
tr	PAST	They secured the scene while Mike and I went upstairs .
tr	PRES	" I know that , " I snap .
tr	PAST	I donned a scowl , and began squeezing my way through the throngs of people .
tr	PAST	He gently slapped the side of her ass , the sound of his hand connecting with her upper thigh filling the room .
tr	PAST	Only one thought floated across my mind before the night closed in and there was only darkness : We had come home .
tr	PAST	It was like being tugged in two different directions .
tr	PAST	He handled the ceramic gently .
tr	PAST	Tension coiled in my belly as I stood in front of his door .
tr	PAST	Tanner mumbled his frustration through kisses along her jaw .
tr	PAST	a little girl squealed .
tr	PRES	Teasing you fills the time . "
tr	PAST	" I 'm still here , " I reassure him , as I extricate myself from his arms .
tr	PAST	" It 's like a battle zone , " Nikolas mumbled to himself while surveying the scene .
tr	PRES	He looks down at me to check for my reaction , I assume .
tr	PAST	The promise of dawn glowed faintly at the horizon over the parking lots , though the rest of the sky was still dark .
tr	PRES	Only one conclusion remains : The alignment stress , whatever that was , changed the pattern . "
tr	PAST	She smacked him out of the air with the book , and he landed on his back , all eight legs wriggling in the air .
tr	PAST	The smell of coffee perked me up some .
tr	PRES	Dervish breathes out through his nose , then glances at me .
tr	PRES	" Getting your slut to fight your battles for you , Luc ? "
tr	PRES	" One good turn deserves another , right ? "
tr	PAST	The soft upward breath of carbon dioxide from the skin of millions of green tree leaves created a magic carpet upon which she floated .
tr	PRES	He never wears a watch ( his own rebellion against time , against watching ) .
tr	PAST	Another quirk of amusement curved his lip .
tr	PAST	Tilting my head to the side , I extended my neck , feeling his fingers slide over my skin .
tr	PAST	He clutched Dale 's arm .
tr	PRES	Lies ... ' ' The Truth about The Lies , then ? '
tr	PAST	The man named Turtle seemed to have an arsenal of queer looks , because he gave me another one .
tr	PAST	She hauled off her horse 's saddle and slug it over the fence .
tr	PAST	The barman cleaned another glass out of sheer exuberance .
tr	PAST	Her hands clutched his arms , her fingers digging deep into his skin , and then she went suddenly limp .
tr	PRES	" Was a bald man wearing a dark cloak here the other night ? "
tr	PAST	" He 's from Paris , " Bricker announced .
tr	PRES	He returns the kiss , but then quickly flops over onto his back .
tr	PRES	Damien joins me , while Zeke meets Trish and Anna in the cafeteria .
tr	PRES	" Love you , too , Mama . "
tr	PAST	Josh urged gently , " I can 't help you if I don 't know what 's going on . "
tr	PRES	" So , " Holly mumbled .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow in question .
tr	PAST	John exclaimed , waiving at everyone else and inviting them to follow him .
tr	PAST	" It 's my daddy 's , " Angela volunteered .
tr	PAST	The ornate ballroom , the revelatory guests , the once strong pillars , crumpled and blackened until they disappeared to ash .
tr	PRES	Silk clung to her damp skin , her shorts and shirt already baring a tempting stretch of arms and legs .
tr	PRES	I wipe it away with the heel of my hand .
tr	PRES	Alec climbs onto the side rails of the elevator and pushes up one of the cork ceiling tiles .
tr	PAST	With a twitch of her hand , the priestesses screeched in anguish and burst into flame .
tr	PAST	' I could ditch the crystal first , they can 't prove a thing , ' Paul stated .
tr	PAST	I 've slapped around hookers who bring in that much in a week . "
tr	PRES	" I heard about this type of thing , but I never thought I would witness it , " Renny mumbled .
tr	PRES	" The Black Baron ? "
tr	PRES	I yawn and stretch .
tr	PAST	An hour later , when I thought of something else to search , the domain of the article produced no results .
tr	PAST	His scowl deepened then he gave a quick shake of his head as if annoyed .
tr	PRES	" How many in Dallas ? "
tr	PAST	Elizabeth dismissed the details of her day and fell into his arms .
tr	PAST	He turned to Anna , his expression troubled .
tr	PAST	I also received other valuable information . "
tr	PAST	He looked down at her , his eyes shadowed in the artificial light .
tr	PRES	But if Grant was involved in a crime syndicate , it opens up a whole new scenario . "
tr	PAST	The Commissioner clasped his hands .
tr	PAST	Gabriel inhaled deeply , looking over my head as if he were seriously considering the question .
tr	PAST	Ethan tugged on his shirt collar .
tr	PRES	My eyes snap open .
tr	PAST	Shimmer squealed as her body was thrown off balance by Echo 's weight .
tr	PRES	Mel 's mouth opens , making an audible holy crap sound .
tr	PRES	He joins me in front of the steamer trunk , reaching in to grab the belt that holds his bells .
tr	PRES	The Saint Petersburg Enclave to this day holds a massive annual chess tournament ; the competitor who loses the most matches is named the Council delegate .
tr	PRES	A box with a precisely tied bow .
tr	PRES	Now I whipped it out and began dusting the office .
tr	PAST	Paul inquired while Kiara was locking the door .
tr	PAST	Troubled , Nate urged his horse on , riding through the shadows , heading toward town .
tr	PRES	" I assume your parents didn 't approve of these renovations ? "
tr	PAST	Celaena exclaimed , smiling .
tr	PRES	He fills me up completely , and I stare down at him , overwhelmed by the feeling and the thought that he 's finally inside me .
tr	PRES	" He checking his computer . "
tr	PRES	" No more wishes . "
tr	PAST	The hysteria rose and I became part of it , we cheered and screamed and gave him both ears and the tail .
tr	PRES	" Don 't tell him I looked , ok ? "
tr	PAST	I toyed with the idea of telling Ricky about Cowboy and Hank , but decided to wait until he came home .
tr	PRES	" Is it ok if Bill holds Joshua ?
tr	PAST	You see , she has never yet uttered a single sound . "
tr	PAST	Outside , the wolves cocked their heads then got to their feet and advanced .
tr	PAST	Both hands then slapped against the bed .
tr	PAST	I trudged back to the alley where Robin was sitting glumly , his back propped against the fence on the side opposite the apartments .
tr	PAST	The plummet slowed , then stopped .
tr	PAST	His sister immediately sensed something was wrong .
tr	PRES	My chest rises rapidly as I gasp for air .
tr	PAST	Laughing , Maryanne clasped the child by the waist and swung her around , while Katie shrieked with delight .
tr	PAST	Joanna chimed in her support .
tr	PRES	Paul plays catcher , and his weight rivals that of an orca whale .
tr	PAST	They crouched there for a moment , listening , and then melted into it .
tr	PRES	My head falls back , and my mouth drops open .
tr	PRES	" If we hit it off , eh ? "
tr	PAST	The Ohio papers reported that Ali had gotten the ACLU to mount a campaign claiming cultural rape and colonialism in Clare 's acquisition of the artifact .
tr	PRES	She never stops hoping , even when there 's nothing left to hope for .
tr	PRES	Effortlessly , the ' Mysterious ' glides through the pounding waves keeping well ahead of the evil Black Beard .
tr	PRES	I recall this now . "
tr	PAST	This killer identified himself with the Whore of Babylon .
tr	PRES	In amongst all this dirt lies the ignition of my desire .
tr	PAST	Those fierce blue eyes rake up and down my entire body , not with prurient interest but in detached assessment .
tr	PAST	A warm breeze rustled the pages of the book she had let fall onto the patio floor beneath her .
tr	PRES	" Please , " I add , grasping her arm gently and turning her to face me .
tr	PRES	" Yeah , she likes pushing me when she can . "
tr	PRES	I writhe beneath him , trying to break free .
tr	PRES	You martyr yourself for things you 're not responsible for .
tr	PRES	" How about a swim ? "
tr	PAST	' Damn it , Max , ' Phillip fumed .
tr	PAST	" Well , this property is private , but it is not yours , so I could cite you for trespassing , " stated Jeff .
tr	PRES	Sean 's eyes darken and fill with a carnal gaze that makes me too hot .
tr	PRES	Sometimes that helps as much anything . "
tr	PRES	" And before you object too strenuously , this option allows a couple of other guys a chance to go see how things are going .
tr	PRES	" No humor . "
tr	PAST	Last time I showed up early in the morning with Dion , Beatriz lectured me on the ways a good woman should act .
tr	PAST	Balthazar froze for a second , then quickly grabbed a pillow and held it in front of himself .
tr	PAST	Unless ... he groped for the idea ... unless visible light is also a hole or gap , a mere diminution of something else .
tr	PAST	Brigid 's eyes pierced my own .
tr	PRES	Not an unreasonable request and both lean down to comply .
tr	PRES	Then my mind drifts to two more people .
tr	PAST	" My father 's determined to remain in the game , in more ways than one , " Tamara countered .
tr	PAST	He wriggled in between Lavina and Cathy , zipped the tent shut and pulled the sleeping bag over them all .
tr	PRES	' But not whilst on duty . '
tr	PAST	I tensed as the door opened wider .
tr	PRES	" You gettin ' all scared , you gon na start cryin ' ? "
tr	PRES	DeeDee begins to chant .
tr	PRES	" Run , Chloe , " I shout as I head out towards Ellis .
tr	PAST	Afterward , he crowned himself king and formed his own dynasty .
tr	PRES	I dreaded the blood .
tr	PRES	Then he slides into the driver 's seat and peels out of the driveway , slinging rocks in our wake .
tr	PRES	" Then let me call you a cab , " he offers .
tr	PRES	" What an awesome pet these lizards would make if we weren 't trying to eat them to survive , " he comments .
tr	PRES	" She tastes divine . "
tr	PAST	" Hope it won 't interfere with our little bit of fun , " Janice giggled .
tr	PRES	She uses the computers to spy on him . "
tr	PRES	" A fan ? "
tr	PRES	" She misses you .
tr	PAST	He clasped her hand , squeezed it hard .
tr	PRES	Chapter 8 A single star shone more brightly than the rest .
tr	PRES	Delicious oatmeal cookie , his favorite kind , very thick and chewy .
tr	PRES	" How about two mouthfuls ? "
tr	PRES	He really likes her . "
tr	PAST	she screeched , making me jump two steps back .
tr	PRES	" It begins . "
tr	PRES	With that hand , the one that usually holds the trident , he reaches for her own hand and clasps them together .
tr	PRES	" And thank you too , Verity .
tr	PAST	A small elm tree provided a makeshift hitching post for their mounts , allowing them to search the area unhindered .
tr	PRES	The elder man considers the idea .
tr	PAST	Her heart rate sped up .
tr	PRES	There you are , Morgan Lon Oakes !
tr	PRES	Higher he went until at the last fret he held the note before diving down the neck to finish .
tr	PAST	Slowly a creature emerged , and crept tentatively round the machinery to get a better look at him .
tr	PAST	" Lem me show ya round , " she slurred .
tr	PRES	Mira bitches at me but when I ask for help , she says she doesn 't understand business , only cooking .
tr	PAST	" We should get going , " he urged her , getting to his feet .
tr	PRES	" What kind of an errand ? "
tr	PAST	But as Jo walked by , Kate fanned the air in front of her face .
tr	PAST	So as she rose from the bed , Claire secured the robe once more and hurried toward that demanding knock .
tr	PRES	Her nose bled and her pretty cheeks bruised purple .
tr	PRES	" Well you 've certainly peaked my interest , " I teased .
tr	PRES	Calder 's voice draws my eyes up from the bookshelf I 'm attempting to assemble .
tr	PRES	I wiggle my foot , giggling .
tr	PAST	" Broken leg , broken collarbone , broken ribs , fractured skull ... She 's lost a lot of blood ... too much . "
tr	PAST	Perhaps he sensed the hesitancy in my tone , but he leaned forward .
tr	PAST	She dialed Simon 's number .
tr	PRES	Reaching to my side , I pick up a knife , my hand unsteady as I put the tip to my forearm .
tr	PAST	A few wires snaked into both sensory pieces , connected to a controlling device with buttons and dials .
tr	PAST	For an awkward moment , they eyed each other without speaking .
tr	PRES	She smiled up at him , tears shimmering in her eyes .
tr	PAST	He never washed -- just stood by the bar and drank mug after mug of apple brew and ate them plum out of turkey pie .
tr	PRES	" Big tough guy .
tr	PRES	And 245 pops into segments with tiny silver screws showing .
tr	PAST	Clad in shawls and dresses decorated with glittering metals , the women chattered and cooked over cauldrons , adding fresh herbs to their concoctions .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , but at least I 'm off the ceiling , " I joked trying to lighten the mood .
tr	PAST	The white of his cloak glowed like a beacon and I took a step back .
tr	PRES	In the early morning light his dark hair shone , and the green flecks in his eyes looked gold .
tr	PRES	" He expects us to go right at him , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He snorts wiping his clean hands of the noobs , yelling .
tr	PAST	He channels it to his palms and starts throwing them at the open front door .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and brushes his hand over mine for a moment .
tr	PRES	I yell then cringe with pain , exhaling .
tr	PRES	Vin waited quietly , her daggers out , tense in the mists before the glowing tent .
tr	PRES	" Yuri , " she said in her most quiet and unobtrusive authoritarian manner , " describe the Little People again .
tr	PRES	She holds her breath as they wait , shaking in pain and fear .
tr	PRES	" Gee whizz pal , thanks a bunch .
tr	PAST	Their shocked expressions mirrored his own .
tr	PAST	I squealed as he lifted me up , my feet kicking helplessly in the air .
tr	PAST	I sensed the presence of two giants of American Literature .
tr	PAST	The next minute an alarm shrieked , and Val leaped from her seat , knocking over her chair and her drink .
tr	PRES	" Ho d Hi minus Hi d Ho over Ho Ho .
tr	PRES	Now I mimic it , albeit with a split-second delay .
tr	PAST	He caressed my back with gentle strokes of his hand .
tr	PAST	Each Memorial Day we visited their graves and placed flowers by their headstones .
tr	PRES	" We have been living with our creators this entire time , or so we were meant to believe , " Hartman states .
tr	PRES	The closer I get to her , the more she towers over me .
tr	PAST	The wind shrieked , slapping slender branches from the tree fallen across him .
tr	PAST	The lady thanked him and handed him the bag and his card .
tr	PRES	Somehow , he hooks up with Ray who sells him design documents .
tr	PRES	She dreaded that interview , whenever it came .
tr	PAST	Deb stomped back towards Sean and Mitch .
tr	PAST	With one hand on the windowsill for balance , his other hand snaked around behind me and grabbed my butt cheeks .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five I don 't know when it started .
tr	PAST	He must have sensed some of the things running through my head , because he pulled me to him , stroking my hair softly with his fingers .
tr	PRES	The clay road shone in the illumination and showed a definite spit in two with the road veering right and a narrower track to the left .
tr	PAST	" Imagine if we ladies could create our own living men , " giggled Meg .
tr	PRES	He doesn 't say anything and something inside me snaps .
tr	PAST	" You are being a little instigator , " he accused .
tr	PAST	boomed the voice cheerfully .
tr	PAST	Delores scooted her chair closer to me and glared at the backside of a guy who bumped her .
tr	PRES	Nighthawks cried harshly , their stooping dives ending in small thunder .
tr	PRES	" And what brings you in here at this time of night ?
tr	PAST	I scooted up behind her and draped my arm around her before pulling her close .
tr	PRES	" A kangaroo . "
tr	PRES	One snap and it would all be over .
tr	PRES	She stops abruptly and locks her eyes on mine .
tr	PRES	He stands beside her then pats the cat .
tr	PAST	Twenty meters ahead , a splintered pine exposed its bloodless innards .
tr	PAST	Eve wavered on the edge of indecision .
tr	PRES	He frowns and sneers at Zoar .
tr	PAST	He pinched his forearm hard enough to leave a bright red mark but felt nothing .
tr	PAST	And yet somehow she defeated me .
tr	PRES	" One more swim .
tr	PRES	The lake itself shone beneath the blue sky , framed by tall trees still bearing the orange hues of autumn .
tr	PAST	He pitched the lean-to bracing branches into a pile of rotting brush , scattering ants and sending a snake slithering into the water .
tr	PAST	the Senior Wrangler enquired .
tr	PAST	she squealed after I had opened the door .
tr	PAST	" It locked in the air in her lungs , froze her body , and made it her prison .
tr	PAST	Tate 's team stormed the house and killed the terrorist while I was still alive .
tr	PAST	Before another synapse could fire , she exploded across the room .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , not now , " I begged .
tr	PAST	" I 'll take care of this , " Cera hopped up from the table and approached the elderly couple .
tr	PAST	Then he suckled softly until Arie sighed and reached down to clasp the back of his head and press him into her .
tr	PAST	The phone on the Sheriff 's desk buzzed and Brooks snatched it up and barked into the receiver .
tr	PRES	It also helps other like-minded readers find the books you love .
tr	PRES	What brings you to this corner of the world ? "
tr	PAST	Chapter 4 Julian cocked his brow at her wholly unexpected , wholly crude analogy .
tr	PAST	It bore no address .
tr	PRES	It belongs to - " " Kyl Poitiers .
tr	PRES	ELE stands for Extinction Level Event . "
tr	PAST	Now she attempted a calm outward appearance even though her insides trembled with wonderful expectation and a little fear .
tr	PRES	The tension eases from my muscles .
tr	PRES	" Not soon enough , " he mumbled as he disappeared into the dark .
tr	PAST	" Fuck , " I mumbled , wiping tears off my cheeks .
tr	PRES	An old yellow door with heavy dog scratches on the bottom stands before us .
tr	PRES	Chapter 9 Jill When rehearsal ends I head for the ladies room to reapply my lip gloss .
tr	PAST	Mistral grappled Sam 's hand , surprising Sam .
tr	PRES	This allows for vertical takeoff and relatively little turbulence under the shuttle where it might other wise disrupt the flight characteristics of the schooner .
tr	PAST	If Josie wanted to talk she crawled in already debating .
tr	PRES	She buzzes with the excitement of someone holding a secret and dying to tell .
tr	PAST	The strongest amongst them grasped the Lance with both hands and tried to pull it out of the tree but did not manage .
tr	PRES	" I was so scared , Jess .
tr	PRES	Jean states with confidence .
tr	PAST	Some of the older boys giggled nervously .
tr	PAST	It can 't be that bad , " he lied . "
tr	PAST	The faithful claimed she was a miracle made flesh .
tr	PAST	Flames leaped as high as the window .
tr	PAST	Peter pinched the top of his nose and shook his head .
tr	PRES	He loves me purely without any artifice from me .
tr	PRES	" What about Troy and Hillary ? "
tr	PRES	He tends to cuddle in his sleep . "
tr	PRES	" Hey , Henderson , tell us about some of the cool places you went to when you were in the Armed Forces , " I request .
tr	PRES	He startles , then wraps his arms around me , holding me close .
tr	PAST	Most of the raiders that were left alive then broke and fled , this way and that , pursued one by one to the death .
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply and imagined it somehow made me stronger .
tr	PRES	Lissa n me went up and he didn 't even know we were there . '
tr	PRES	' An ' bad cess an ' good riddance ta ' ye ! '
tr	PRES	July the second , to be exact . "
tr	PAST	A smile split his gaunt face and made his sunken eyes light up .
tr	PRES	Damien helps me into the bathroom to bathe in the special herbs he has gathered .
tr	PRES	It fits perfectly , and when I open the door of the dressing chamber , Elliott has changed too .
tr	PAST	I 'm fine , " she lied .
tr	PAST	A slow grin tugged at his lips as his hands spread down my arms to my hips .
tr	PRES	" Is everyone staying at the Lodge , Dickie ? "
tr	PAST	When the vines tried to recoil , they tensed into each other .
tr	PAST	Breeze , in a prim suit , regarded the table with amusement as he sipped his wine .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , David , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	Flat stomach , patchy legs , foolish purple bangs .
tr	PRES	" Please , " she begs as I slow down .
tr	PRES	Then he cal s for an ambulance .
tr	PAST	He tricked the Clave into believing he had a force of only twenty with him , when in fact he had more .
tr	PAST	He ditched his piano for a mad red turntable .
tr	PAST	The vehicle slowed down as it went by the building , went another hundred yards , turned round and came back disappearing back down the street .
tr	PAST	All around us , Company D readied their weapons .
tr	PRES	He remains behind the walls of his keep , warm and sated with food while he has hired mercenaries to do his cowardly deeds for him . "
tr	PAST	Kate thanked the manager and left the bank .
tr	PAST	The overstuffed billfold fanned cash along the concrete .
tr	PAST	" I mean , you lied to us first . "
tr	PRES	Are those whiskers ? "
tr	PAST	As they went searching for another patient , Allie dared to ask , " So , what 's in it for you ? "
tr	PRES	He glances at them and laughs outright .
tr	PRES	She sighs and turns away from him .
tr	PAST	The prickling wave jolted through me .
tr	PAST	No thoughts claimed her in this moment , and she treasured the deep peace as she let herself go , safe in his embrace .
tr	PAST	Instantly her body tensed .
tr	PAST	Isaiah stated with no emotion .
tr	PRES	" Comfort - concept self fails to understand . "
tr	PAST	Fear chased me , always a step away , ready to grab me .
tr	PAST	The boy 's cell phone beeped .
tr	PRES	" Ha ha . "
tr	PAST	She tugged at her hand , trying to get free .
tr	PAST	" Oh , puppy , " she crooned , and petted her .
tr	PRES	But , in this day and age , enough to be seen by most as overkill .
tr	PRES	Jacey holds my hand and tears stream down her face as she listens to me rail and vent and swear .
tr	PAST	The look on Dale 's face advertised that he did not want to talk about it .
tr	PRES	" Well , it helps me , too .
tr	PAST	Chris and Duff collected the keys then were out the door .
tr	PAST	We visited the Painted Desert and Taos , New Mexico , before finally arriving at the Grand Canyon .
tr	PRES	Kenji clears his throat .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged her lips .
tr	PRES	" Give me the necklace -- " she repeated .
tr	PAST	Sara squinted in the dark tunnel , Ramon 's machine gun in the middle of her back a persuasive reminder to keep marching .
tr	PAST	" His name is Geronimo too , " she announced .
tr	PAST	She treated him to a sheepish grin .
tr	PAST	Nonetheless , the mental scars lingered just below the surface , and at times , she still suffered survivor 's guilt complex .
tr	PRES	I lean in until there 's a sliver of space between our lips .
tr	PRES	He hears a vague voice and then somebody coughing from behind another door leading to the west wing .
tr	PRES	Things that were all so frighteningly far away .
tr	PAST	But that moment provided the greatest opportunity for them to be separated .
tr	PRES	" But why , Mrs. Fuller ?
tr	PRES	She tuned into the speech being recited by the woman at the podium when she heard Quentin 's name being called .
tr	PRES	" Much nicer than the public transportation I always take . "
tr	PRES	Realm stops but doesn 't respond .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Harmonia .
tr	PRES	" Why this casino ? "
tr	PRES	" An art heist . "
tr	PRES	My eyes immediately land on the switches and machines planted around the room , green and red lights blinking on a few of them .
tr	PRES	" Turns out I 'm all out of cash .
tr	PAST	Whatever his other flaws , Wolfe proved surprisingly competent .
tr	PAST	Immediately the ship 's Captain dispatched a Search and Rescue mission .
tr	PRES	" The Sahara . "
tr	PRES	Her heart slams against her ribcage , the blood shooting through her veins like scalding hot water .
tr	PRES	" He likes babies and young boys . "
tr	PRES	" Mmm , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	What specialist in Paris ?
tr	PAST	They ranged from nervous to curious .
tr	PRES	" Is that useful , precisely ? "
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the stomach and was satisfied when a soft grunt escaped his lips .
tr	PAST	Gently , he collected Holly in his arms , unsure of what to do .
tr	PRES	The Regulator stares at me .
tr	PAST	Your visit saved me much time and effort of finding you and your daughter , " Captain Garrett disclosed .
tr	PAST	' I haven 't seen him for days , ' Henrietta lied .
tr	PAST	In one hand , Aeron clutched a dagger .
tr	PAST	" I 'm out of condoms , " she lied .
tr	PRES	She stares me down .
tr	PRES	He stops and looks at the target .
tr	PAST	The woman shrugged , seeming stumped as well .
tr	PRES	Eddie sighs and falls onto Gavin 's lap in a defeated slump .
tr	PAST	Stu solved that problem with a simple , ' Alright Mate . '
tr	PAST	Rachel 's eyes flicked to me , and she noticed how close I was standing to her niece .
tr	PAST	Flipping her head upside down , she styled her hair in waves .
tr	PAST	The wind tugged at the edges of her old brown coat .
tr	PRES	You begged me not to leave you ... . "
tr	PRES	It never occurs to her that perhaps something is impossible , that something just can 't be done .
tr	PRES	" Don 't go there , princess , " he warns , his voice suddenly husky .
tr	PRES	My father hates when we question the rules , but sometimes I can 't keep my mouth shut , because I keep it shut too often .
tr	PAST	I smacked him good and then his hands grabbed my wrists .
tr	PAST	" Come in , " she urged .
tr	PRES	In the air , Lord Loss bellows Juni 's name and reaches out to her with a couple of his arms , offering Bec a brief respite .
tr	PAST	I extended my retractable umbrella to its maximum .
tr	PRES	" Ten past twelve .
tr	PAST	Earlier she discretely washed her soiled rags in her private bathroom , and they were almost dry , due to the unseasonably warm July evening .
tr	PAST	Tara balked , " Nine hundred and forty-five ?
tr	PAST	The same second a man emerged from an aisle a few meters away .
tr	PRES	A low rumble in the distance , like thunder , and a dust cloud marks the approach of a car .
tr	PRES	" What about Jessie ? "
tr	PRES	" Ah ha ! "
tr	PAST	She , Elizabeth , and Reece also toured the many different businesses , and gave them supplies they needed .
tr	PRES	" That bruise your handiwork ? "
tr	PRES	In my day blah , blah , blah uphill both ways in the snow .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Looking back to see Sulley still engaged in conversation , his back to me , I steered Gram towards Mom and Gary 's plots .
tr	PRES	A howl bursts through the trees from behind Serena and Liam , blowing past them and down into the valley of trailers .
tr	PRES	" The doctors ? "
tr	PAST	Even being a militant feminist , her mother often solved many serious issues with the words " you need a man " .
tr	PAST	I awoke to morning sunlight pouring through the window .
tr	PAST	Another block or so down the corridor , it curved to the right .
tr	PRES	I soar from the edge of the ledge through the air toward the spirits .
tr	PAST	The entire northwest corner of the building was gone , bricks and concrete reduced to rubble .
tr	PRES	Leading me over to an oversized white truck , he helps me climb the mini stepladder to get inside .
tr	PAST	Anna scoffed , snapping a bullet cartridge into the pistol and aiming .
tr	PRES	' They add iron .
tr	PRES	" Harlin , " I murmur aloud to the empty room .
tr	PRES	He dreaded what was to come , knowing that he would no longer be the only one shunned by Society .
tr	PRES	" First the pins . "
tr	PAST	She shortened it to Zin , and allowed only her father to call her Zinnia .
tr	PRES	" I 'm so sorry , " he murmurs into my hair .
tr	PRES	" Empress , it is good to see your vessel has returned , we were worried , " a soft young female voice states over the speakers .
tr	PAST	Then he perked up .
tr	PAST	The second hand jolted backward , and then forward .
tr	PAST	This time Sasha charged forward , toward Irwin and the knife in his right hand .
tr	PRES	Plus , the walk home was freezing and I need to thaw out , wash the crappy day off me .
tr	PRES	He breathes a long pause between every word he says .
tr	PAST	Even though she knew Simon and the animal were one and the same , a shiver of anxiety snaked down her neck .
tr	PRES	A book or two , newspapers , snacks . "
tr	PRES	I crouch down a few inches in the seat and prop my foot against the dash .
tr	PAST	The man on the bridge inched closer to her , the rope around his waist stretching taut .
tr	PRES	His hand slides off my back .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to the side .
tr	PAST	Yet her whole body tensed up with that final bit of sensation that sent her hurtling into fulfillment .
tr	PRES	He sees the look on my face and his happy expression fades .
tr	PRES	The man cups his hands and yells in his direction .
tr	PAST	Jumping at the unexpected voice , I slapped my hand over the note and looked up .
tr	PAST	Trackers messed with internal electronics , so he didn 't have one -- the last artificial that had one installed had gone homicidal .
tr	PAST	Susan crumpled the letter until her hand ached from squeezing it .
tr	PRES	Nihil stops between two hedges .
tr	PRES	" What a greeting ! "
tr	PAST	The landscape glowed in the tone of the rising sun .
tr	PAST	Miguel transferred his cigar to his other hand , which sat right in front of the girl 's face .
tr	PRES	Uncle sees none of the servants besides the intimate house staff , as he expects all servants to keep to the tunnels .
tr	PAST	He clasped both hands in front of him for McBride to put a foot into for upward leverage .
tr	PAST	" Oh shut up , " I joked .
tr	PAST	Since his display of temper , she no longer trusted him .
tr	PAST	It required little salesmanship .
tr	PAST	MacIntosh motioned to the firefighter with the white headgear .
tr	PAST	He finally awoke in a cold sweat .
tr	PRES	" Couldn 't help yourself , eh ?
tr	PAST	Miranda , will you be my wife ? "
tr	PAST	Reaching out to another person proved even more difficult , and it again took a few false starts , earning more surprise from Sydney .
tr	PRES	" I do want to go outside , " June murmurs into my hair .
tr	PRES	The calm and reassuring night whispers .
tr	PAST	He touches his fingertips together and keeps tapping the tops of his palms so it looks like a spider is doing push-ups on a mirror .
tr	PAST	Her texts always brightened my day .
tr	PRES	Cowboy Bob points out the constellation Leo and it 's not long till we spot meteors .
tr	PAST	I giggled to myself like a buffoon , feeling giddy by Jackson 's text .
tr	PAST	Pleasure washed her body , her mind , her soul .
tr	PAST	Fade shrank a little .
tr	PRES	I relax as I line up to race .
tr	PAST	Della twirled a straw around her glass and watched the bubbles rise to the top .
tr	PAST	Dreamer inhaled deeply as if the air was water ; she needed to calm down before she went home .
tr	PAST	Razor buzzed in distress , his voice echoing shrilly inside the box .
tr	PAST	The small town appealed to her , coming from the overcrowded city with tall buildings and too many people .
tr	PRES	" But ... your top hat ? "
tr	PRES	Skyla 's mouth falls open as she catches her breath .
tr	PAST	This provided some relief from the pain , but the blood kept flowing .
tr	PAST	With a flick of her head , Serena dismissed him .
tr	PAST	The Turtle crawled up over several crates and stopped at Esmeralda 's feet .
tr	PAST	Bax hooked his thumbs in his gun belt .
tr	PAST	" Good for you , Violet , " Iris exclaimed .
tr	PRES	Outside the theatre the lights of London shone brightly as the minutes ticked by on their way to midnight .
tr	PRES	' Third time pays for all .
tr	PAST	David slowly propped himself up on one elbow and saw the kids from the infield streaming toward him .
tr	PAST	A feeling of deception persisted .
tr	PAST	The window behind her exploded in a shower of bright , sharp-edged glass , and she felt a rush of wind that blew her hair forward violently .
tr	PAST	His palms ranged down my body , awakening more energy than I had dreamed possible in my exhausted , preshow frantic state .
tr	PRES	The male chuckles then back steps from the ruffles while holding my gloved hand within his gloved hand .
tr	PRES	As though too stunned to argue , Matt releases the boy 's arm .
tr	PAST	Goosebumps pricked my arm , and the only thing I wanted was to get the hell out of this place .
tr	PRES	" To warn others . "
tr	PRES	" It matches the one the girl was holding .
tr	PRES	Winkler whipped his cell out again and called Matt Michaels .
tr	PAST	The stale sweet smells of old trash invaded his nose as he peered down into the bin .
tr	PAST	Overhead , clouds snaked across the crescent moon , and the night became even darker .
tr	PRES	" Milena hates those pictures , if it makes you feel better .
tr	PAST	Dobson unbuttoned his navy suit jacket and drew back the fabric , planting his hands on his hips .
tr	PRES	Moments later , the seamless wall slowly slides downward with a loud rumbling , revealing the familiar junction as the obstruction slides back into the ground .
tr	PRES	No sense poisoning ourselves . "
tr	PRES	He releases her and wipes his bloody lips with the back of his hand .
tr	PRES	" But unlikely . "
tr	PRES	Tilting his head to the side , he said , " Follow me . "
tr	PRES	" Warrior got one good scan , " Valerie explains .
tr	PAST	" I don 't want to know , " he lied .
tr	PAST	He only acted , moving fluidly across the room .
tr	PRES	She lets out a girly sigh , staring dreamily into outer space .
tr	PAST	Yes , she acted much the same outwardly , but she wasn 't happy .
tr	PAST	He skimmed her from shoulder to breast , blood roaring in his ears , his loins , as its heavy heat and resilience overflowed in his hand .
tr	PRES	The sensation steals my breath .
tr	PRES	" Is that why all those people have been disappearing in the company of a man fitting your description ? "
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around her , protecting her .
tr	PRES	Just as I think it is all over , a shout rises from someone in the crowd .
tr	PRES	" No , I was just saying that , " she teased .
tr	PRES	He holds two shovels .
tr	PRES	" Cat fight , I assume .
tr	PRES	' Oh , no , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	" I 've lied to my parents enough .
tr	PRES	" Nothing I can talk to you about , Kane .
tr	PRES	She pinches the bridge of her nose .
tr	PRES	" You do that , " I shout as he takes off .
tr	PAST	my mother countered with a sigh .
tr	PAST	He tensed , rose slightly , head up between ducked shoulders .
tr	PRES	And the dollar amounts involved .
tr	PAST	I exhaled with relief .
tr	PRES	Claws slash , fangs and pincers snap .
tr	PAST	He collapsed down on me when he was done , panting and sweaty .
tr	PRES	Before I can get the door open , he reaches to the console on the dashboard and locks all the doors .
tr	PAST	He hollered at Connor to stop .
tr	PAST	he grunted , scrutinising the clues through bloodshot eyes .
tr	PAST	I prayed Sam was somewhere warm , somewhere out of winter 's reach .
tr	PRES	" This explains it all , Dad .
tr	PAST	The acrid taste of her lie claimed Thane 's attention .
tr	PRES	" We march tomorrow . "
tr	PAST	So with all in readiness they emerged from the cave and into the light .
tr	PRES	Something which made him crave her company .
tr	PRES	In the distance a harbor tug was heading up the Bay to the right , its exhaust boiling a dense black smoke into the blue sky .
tr	PAST	The flames absorbed his complete attention .
tr	PAST	• • • • " It looks as if the birthday party was a success , " William announced .
tr	PAST	Partially exposed he felt vulnerable .
tr	PRES	" A hot psychopath , " I correct her and she scowls at me .
tr	PAST	The boys sensed trouble between them when the family trips suddenly stopped .
tr	PRES	" What about the university ? "
tr	PRES	Leaving you here all by yourself ?
tr	PAST	" But between us , it 's still more fun to be doing shots then calling them , " he lied before motioning to her friends .
tr	PAST	The red wine reflected light in patterns along the silver rim .
tr	PAST	Her body vibrated , throbbed .
tr	PAST	Something raw and tender in the way Armand looked , all the composure stripped away .
tr	PRES	The feeling of imminent danger creeps over her , and she becomes aware that something is behind her .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	" What about the autopsy ? "
tr	PAST	Mary sped her pace , because Malthus did not like when she walked behind him .
tr	PAST	Gansey strapped his journal closed .
tr	PAST	Lara appeared in the kitchen beside him , her hair as messed up as his .
tr	PAST	" Watch this , " Ren held out a hand and each empty SUV exploded in a fireball , making no sound at all .
tr	PRES	" But the children , Your Lordship ? "
tr	PRES	Quantum theory tries to decipher this world for us .
tr	PAST	She shrank against the wall .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at me , perplexed , while the dog licked his temple .
tr	PRES	I wipe sweat from my face and glare at Sandor .
tr	PRES	Cameron danced back on light feet , Bellamy following him , fists flying .
tr	PAST	She dove into my chest and beat at last .
tr	PRES	The harsh planes of his face relax slightly .
tr	PRES	They sell those girls to horny guys against their will .
tr	PRES	He remembers waking the house without waking the baby .
tr	PAST	Faye opted for the bold approach first .
tr	PAST	He served the same presence , but his devotion was different .
tr	PRES	Her pretty face shone with a gentle beauty that threatened to draw the air from his lungs more effectively than the biting wind .
tr	PAST	Observers reported another fog bank this one coming from the City Park area and it was moving fast .
tr	PRES	" And so the nickel content in this sample falls precisely within the expected range of values . "
tr	PAST	" Your own shadow reflected on the clouds .
tr	PAST	The part of her psyche that whispered self-preservation urged her to make a run for the superstructure .
tr	PAST	I flinch away from it and scream , ducking under and away from the zombie that 's behind me .
tr	PRES	Kil ing a pure in any situation would get you executed , even if he was trying to cut your head off .
tr	PAST	Silvery beads of water exploded all around him .
tr	PRES	I don 't like it , ' Mom mumbled .
tr	PRES	Me , I created exits -- - along with reasons why we needed exits .
tr	PRES	So close - " Look at me , " he ordered , his voice a harsh snap .
tr	PAST	* * * * William stiffened .
tr	PRES	" You compare yourself with her . "
tr	PRES	" I 'm serious , " he softens .
tr	PRES	I lean over her shoulder and look at the screen with her , just as she switches the ringer to the on position .
tr	PRES	" Annie , too . "
tr	PAST	The leopard inched forward once again without even a whisper of movement to betray him .
tr	PRES	Sidney giggles and nearly doubles over .
tr	PAST	A light dusting of chil s arose on my arms and my stomach flipped over .
tr	PAST	As I listened to her words questions exploded in my consciousness , yet I remained firm .
tr	PRES	" Two grand . "
tr	PAST	A line extended down the block , around the corner , and out of sight .
tr	PAST	It shattered as it hit .
tr	PAST	Hassler circled around and took a seat beside him .
tr	PAST	" Great , " Vin mumbled , standing and yawning .
tr	PRES	" Yes , I recall that your family is in Bastrop .
tr	PRES	The room stops , and every one gasps at once .
tr	PRES	" An American in Shanghai disappears .
tr	PAST	" First , she bewitched you into a sudden engagement and then all of a sudden she brings a baby into the picture .
tr	PRES	" If only it were that easy , " Nick mumbled , his words less than a whisper .
tr	PRES	I 've never been this happy before , Jesse , " she whispers against my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " mumbled Harriet .
tr	PRES	Tiny and turquoise with gold accents ; no way was that designed to fit an adult .
tr	PAST	I skipped to Drew 's side and watched Lok and Drake attempt to beat each other into submission .
tr	PAST	The spirit eyed Cain with a smirk that the demon didn 't particularly care for .
tr	PRES	Her aqua hair lies flat instead of in spikes and you can see the roots growing in gray .
tr	PRES	Excuse me , " she quickly stammers , departing the square for the castle .
tr	PAST	" Just because she is better off means that she is above the traditions of this family , " Aunt Elena scoffed .
tr	PAST	Actually , they invaded his room , seized him and dragged him out , kicking and cursing .
tr	PRES	" Lord Rafe ! "
tr	PAST	Shane crouched down and reached inside the bag , pulling out a crossbow , but it wasn 't set .
tr	PRES	The chilled air of the cavern spread goosebumps over my exposed skin .
tr	PRES	Her hands fumble with my blankets to find my fingers .
tr	PAST	From a wound that matched Lorcan 's .
tr	PRES	" Samantha ... " Twisting toward her , I wanted her to understand where I was coming from .
tr	PRES	The ceiling opens and they escape into a whirlwind .
tr	PRES	The ship glides onto the river of time when she sees the rear end of Vr ' tish 's saucer ship .
tr	PAST	Conrad alighted from behind Stephanie and unlocked the cage to bring them both down .
tr	PAST	Every time he went without seeing Tegan for more than a week he feared she would need a moment to recognize him .
tr	PAST	Darcy gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	" I guess you and Darren had a tiring afternoon , " Chelsea joked .
tr	PRES	As the powerful , evil sun passes down into the night and stops belting us all day long .
tr	PRES	The gravelly voice of the old store clerk brings me back ; she 's already bagging my snacks .
tr	PAST	We split into teams : me , Cody , and Hugh against the others .
tr	PAST	Dad tugged at his collar .
tr	PAST	The butler roughly secured her other arm .
tr	PRES	I saw it all , she snuck up on them and knocked them out easily .
tr	PRES	As I turn , while my eyes adjust , a hand reaches from the shadows and grabs my arm .
tr	PRES	Now , I confront the family with huge reservation and some worry .
tr	PRES	" You scoff at the Divine Order .
tr	PRES	He arches his eyebrows and follows me .
tr	PRES	" What about their ancestry ? "
tr	PAST	I froze in place for what seemed like minutes .
tr	PRES	Including two chairs hung high on a wall that were exact matches for the specimen in Reacher 's hand .
tr	PAST	" So you master musician , how many compositions did you make then on that flute last night ? "
tr	PRES	" Worried , mostly . "
tr	PAST	He was here at my house , " I sobbed into his chest .
tr	PAST	It required a fast trip inside a shop , where he quickly located what he needed , changed , paid , and went back on his way .
tr	PRES	" And as long as you endure , the people of Morgan Creek endure , for their lifetimes , anyway . "
tr	PRES	He lets out a sigh ; his blue eyes reflect only yellow light .
tr	PRES	" Please keep your insights relevant as much as that is possible , master scribe . "
tr	PRES	At least not by anyone else but himself or the groom responsible for their care . "
tr	PRES	" She crushed the black stone ? "
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together as if bracing herself .
tr	PRES	I desperately scramble up to my feet .
tr	PRES	" You look so sad , " Tash murmurs quietly .
tr	PRES	He lets my hand go and turns to open the truck door .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , getting ready to lie down .
tr	PAST	Xavier exhaled a long and deliberate breath through his nostrils .
tr	PAST	" You are going to the suburbs this weekend , " he accused .
tr	PAST	In the next minute , the window in Kira 's apartment glowed with soft light .
tr	PRES	Mr. Kent sighs and sits on the couch next to Max .
tr	PAST	Time sped in a blur of laughter and kisses , in a haze of tender touches and even softer words .
tr	PRES	" New Law robots represent half the work force on Purgatory . "
tr	PAST	The guy cuffed my shoulder .
tr	PRES	" Well , well done sis .
tr	PRES	Grubbs reaches us and lays a powerful paw on my neck , the other on Bec 's .
tr	PRES	It , too , lies on a great dividing river -- a gateway to the West .
tr	PRES	I decorate with lots of golden brownish freckles on a 17-year-old body frame , being a Farm Administrator on Planet Earth , first .
tr	PRES	I wince immediately , realizing how rude that sounded .
tr	PAST	He dared to reach out and squeeze my hand .
tr	PRES	Anthony pushes me gently aside and lifts the root up as if it 's nothing .
tr	PRES	He gently touches the side of his face again , making me unconsciously reach for the disfigured side of my own face .
tr	PRES	" That fudge seems to work .
tr	PAST	We circled around the mountain and found a tiny cave .
tr	PRES	I du n no , I guess I 'm afraid they won 't answer . "
tr	PAST	He disintegrated right out of my grip .
tr	PAST	Shaking with the need to claim her , he tugged her to her feet .
tr	PAST	But his frown deepened .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my stomach .
tr	PAST	they both exclaimed in surprise .
tr	PAST	Fixing his gaze down on our hands , panting , he cocked his head to the side , studying our hold .
tr	PRES	He tenses up immediately then gently pushes me away from him , before storming into the kitchen and grabbing the envelope .
tr	PRES	I relax as my phone screen turns on , but any elation plummets when I see that I have five new messages .
tr	PRES	" Please tell me you aren 't asking me to hire one of your temporary bimbos to plan my wedding , " Erica begged with a groan .
tr	PRES	" Ella Webber , you bad girl , " Beth teased .
tr	PRES	" Four hundred kilometers .
tr	PAST	" It isn 't that , Mikhail , never that , " she denied quickly , afraid she had hurt him .
tr	PRES	The lady by the register sized Dean up from head to toe , her nails clicking against the counter .
tr	PRES	He falls to the ground and the men around him step forwards .
tr	PRES	She lacks the initiative .
tr	PRES	" You better not hurt me , " I warn .
tr	PAST	Marcus scooted his chair back and stood , nearly growling at Francis Frasier .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth , striving for patience .
tr	PRES	" Bite him quick , Norm ! "
tr	PRES	Trystan stands and plucks a pillow from the couch , but not before I have the chance to whack him again .
tr	PRES	The door slides open .
tr	PAST	" Come on , Ian , " Katie motioned .
tr	PRES	Logan parks up on the side , and I pull in behind him and get out of the car .
tr	PRES	Annoying , but hot , " announces Abby .
tr	PAST	I reflected that I was probably in better shape than George , and reached for my medical kit .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , other large circles were being erected in our land .
tr	PRES	Imagined grey shapes slipping away at the edges .
tr	PRES	' ... The town 's adverse , and so perverse .
tr	PAST	He scored films for all the major studios .
tr	PAST	a voice exclaimed , breathing heavily .
tr	PRES	She pushes her face against the screened hood , trying to see what 's inside making noise .
tr	PAST	And Duncan swiped out with his own claws .
tr	PRES	Once , he sees me .
tr	PAST	Her hands plunged into the soil and she clawed at the corners of the large stone .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand and I stare at him .
tr	PAST	Colton writhed under her grip but she kept him firmly pinned down .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat when she saw a large black pickup truck turn onto the road behind her .
tr	PRES	" I know , and really , it 's all my fault , " Tracy Callahan begins .
tr	PAST	The lascivious image in her mind of how they would look to a bystander spurred her desire .
tr	PRES	" There 's Benjamin , " she murmurs .
tr	PRES	I press the open message button , the screen flashes with the words , Jol , Lost , Help , Kate .
tr	PRES	The gate opens and I expect Dev to rush through but he doesn 't .
tr	PAST	She eyed the cop through the rearview mirror .
tr	PAST	Matthew pinched her and pushed the book further underneath his pillow .
tr	PRES	As I told you , I represent the estate of his late business partner , Matthew Voss .
tr	PRES	" What stunt ? "
tr	PAST	She retreated in horror , forgetting her tiny blade .
tr	PAST	Come to lunch and I 'll tell you , " Milly advised cheerfully .
tr	PAST	" So , I think I 'm going to head over to Ray 's this evening , " I announced louder than I meant to .
tr	PRES	" Who buys chairs one at a time ? "
tr	PAST	" When we wrecked ? "
tr	PRES	Taking the watch from my neck , I fumble to open the locket revealing a picture of my family .
tr	PRES	Then Charlotte whipped her head around , red ponytail bouncing .
tr	PRES	Unbeknownst to him , his research into human sexuality drugs causes infertility in the centuries to come .
tr	PRES	She tries to stand up .
tr	PAST	Trace exhaled on a rough sigh .
tr	PRES	She quickly unloaded the gun , put it back in the holster , and put both on the dining room table .
tr	PRES	" Turns out that one of the bartenders at Mosquito Grove remembered Andrea from the other night .
tr	PAST	I cocked my head in surprise .
tr	PAST	' He 's in the back hallway , ' I urged .
tr	PRES	Capt. A. Bright , Mayport , As per ships arrival request permission to rendezvous at sea and provide escort into San Juan .
tr	PRES	' Not a clue .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five McKenna The following morning I was up early , feeling eager to jump into my new life .
tr	PRES	" It 's simple , " he chuckles .
tr	PRES	Therein lies the dreadful mystery . "
tr	PAST	I treated her just as everyone else in the Blood Shade did - a captive , a slave .
tr	PRES	Not necessary , but it helps at first . "
tr	PRES	Scrambling down , he frowns .
tr	PRES	" My sis - cousin .
tr	PAST	Lifting the hood of his jacket above his head he attempted to prevent the numbness now deadening his ears .
tr	PAST	A local man named McAllister had since purchased the land and built a few homes in the nineteen seventies and eighties and rented these to Dell families .
tr	PAST	She trusted him , and the way in which he looked at her was enough to make her want to forget about all else .
tr	PRES	Tall outdoor lights like towering masts on a ship shone bright over the several airstrips of the base .
tr	PAST	" He can be so silly , " stated Selena .
tr	PRES	It pushes me to put on a great show for these people .
tr	PAST	The blue lines in his skin painted a lightning bolt across his cheek ; then his face was too close to mine for me to see details .
tr	PRES	" Start with an elephant and you might be able to resurrect a woolly mammoth out of its genes , " Kendall mumbled aloud .
tr	PRES	She wishes to be near me . "
tr	PRES	Jase stretches , locking his fingers behind his head .
tr	PAST	The door behind her bounced hard on its hinges .
tr	PAST	I fled from Taylor 's quarters out into the hall .
tr	PAST	The door exploded inwards , coming dislodged in its frame to swing wide and collide with the wall within .
tr	PRES	On the verge of passing out , electricity passes between us and flings us apart .
tr	PAST	I tuned out my teachers , who also seemed to be going through the motions .
tr	PRES	Again and again he uses the knife to put down these men with no more hesitation than I would show in shooting a rabid animal .
tr	PAST	" Why so secretive , tough guy ? "
tr	PRES	My voice hoarse from all the screaming I did .
tr	PAST	She clutched him , trembling with ecstasy .
tr	PAST	More than a hundred of them floated above the plain about six kilometers out .
tr	PAST	The gun fire ceased and the suited men rapidly retreated .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and forced herself to remain upright .
tr	PRES	And just as I 'm getting used to the sensation , he brings my lower lip into his mouth and takes a little bite .
tr	PAST	He joked about the trouble The Skulls were attracted to , but Pussy really wished for a break .
tr	PAST	But the big man cheered up quickly and went on : " She 's such a treasure .
tr	PAST	Reese wriggled free of Eric 's hold .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight I awake the next morning with a feeling of resolution and I head out quickly to talk to Pat 's friends .
tr	PRES	She deserves to know the truth .
tr	PAST	Her feet slowed as soon as she saw Marie and Aimee who looked incredibly stunning .
tr	PRES	Because the mortals do not know this , your world remains a mystery .
tr	PRES	His face bears a few less wrinkles .
tr	PAST	People chattered about the attack , remarking how it had occurred right below them .
tr	PRES	His body was tense , his face expressionless .
tr	PRES	Aimee gazes at me and tilts her head .
tr	PRES	" Uh , 'cause I 'm a guy ? "
tr	PAST	I slapped his hand away and stood on my own .
tr	PAST	The longer we waited , the longer we risked she 'd move again .
tr	PRES	The microphone for the recorder stretches under the whole area of the conference table and its leads are concealed in the legs of the table .
tr	PRES	" Thanks , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	My left arm throbs , but luckily , Percy was wrong .
tr	PRES	Zeke whispers to me .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to follow in the cigarette .
tr	PRES	The only difference between my approach and that of your run-of-the-mill torturer lies in the fact that I can hurt people without causing them any physical injury .
tr	PAST	They blamed him for flashing his credentials to get out of numerous speeding tickets and for rolling a few joints in his time .
tr	PAST	Rory announced , " Her Royal Highness approaches . "
tr	PRES	Even in his deteriorated state , his snake eyes shine bright and cold .
tr	PAST	Nick claimed her mouth with his , thrusting his tongue inside with a confidence and skill .
tr	PRES	She loses a few of her precious sticks , but not her way .
tr	PAST	Harrison 's eyes brightened and he grinned , but Levi 's posture became rigid .
tr	PAST	she inquired , suddenly very curious about what his childhood was like .
tr	PAST	A blazing white flash suddenly brightened the night , followed by a thunderous boom .
tr	PRES	" Sing all ye joyful , now sing all together ?
tr	PRES	The woman danced around as if trying to help the biker thwart Julian .
tr	PRES	My tongue refuses to form the words .
tr	PAST	Nadia eyed the two of them as they reached the shoreline , as if trying to read some secret message .
tr	PAST	She and Deckard fetched their mess kits .
tr	PRES	" Stay with me , buddy .
tr	PAST	With a curse , I freed myself , warding her off .
tr	PRES	But so , so primitive -- they even worship the spirits of their ancestors . "
tr	PAST	She shuffled to the front and took her seat .
tr	PAST	A single tear fled down her face , but she quickly wiped it away . "
tr	PRES	" This is useless , " Mr. Quintanilla states .
tr	PAST	I doubted if that were true .
tr	PRES	You belong to me .
tr	PRES	A sudden rush of nostalgia for the old alma mater , eh ? '
tr	PAST	She prayed it would be soon .
tr	PAST	" Prove it , " he dared on a whisper .
tr	PAST	All three men sped out of the car and began running across the field toward the house .
tr	PRES	But when it 's heated unevenly , it cracks .
tr	PAST	Madeline elbowed her away .
tr	PAST	Taylor reduced engine power and deployed wing flaps to the first notch for a steeper glide angle .
tr	PRES	I wipe my sweaty palms on my towel .
tr	PAST	" You 're a real prince , " she slurred , resting her slight body against the bar .
tr	PRES	She was here when I brought her the water , " Jermaine mumbled .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER FOUR Brand awoke to a hard kick and a sword point pressed against his neck .
tr	PAST	Julienne attempted to push his hands away , but when she touched his skin , her palms burned .
tr	PAST	" You ask me to do the impossible , sir , " she objects , making her best effort at Shakespearian English .
tr	PAST	Between the badgering and trying to hold in his laughter , concentrating on the game proved to be impossible .
tr	PRES	" Anything you want , doll .
tr	PRES	Splinters stung his exposed cheek .
tr	PAST	Today , however , it served as a coffee table as Dalton sat a glass of piping hot caffeine down and skimmed the room .
tr	PAST	Ryan stiffened his shoulders .
tr	PAST	" Only one man ruled me .
tr	PRES	The sun rises , I open my eyes , and Jack is gone .
tr	PRES	That girl steals my breath .
tr	PRES	A muscle twitches in my mom 's jaw .
tr	PAST	Dave cheered , but really wasn 't that happy .
tr	PRES	Wilson explains to me that three out of the four of them are exchanging their time in order to get help on their own houses .
tr	PRES	Since then he had always enjoyed watching footy matches with islander players who had come to the Sydney Rugby League competition and made good .
tr	PRES	" Damn it , Lila , " I mutter and then take my phone out of my pocket .
tr	PAST	My shoulder to his chest and my face buried in his tunic , he clutched me to him , rocking me slightly back and forth .
tr	PAST	The cat leaped down and scurried out of sight .
tr	PRES	He tries to reach for my hand , but I pull it away .
tr	PRES	' Just want to be prepared , that 's all , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	I dialed Sarah and I listened as the phone rang .
tr	PRES	Pietro reached into his jacket , I assume to retrieve a weapon of some kind .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it and saw the blurred picture of the vigilante , the target who had been eluding them for so long now .
tr	PAST	And Hal ... " His clammy fingers caressed the screen . "
tr	PAST	" Learning gradient at fifty percent , sixty-five , eighty , gradient complete , " the man announced , still having seen nothing but the screen .
tr	PAST	His perpetual scowl deepened .
tr	PRES	" Can you snap him out of it ? "
tr	PRES	My heart climbs into my throat , pounding wildly .
tr	PAST	She crawled out from under the covers and poured herself a glass of water from the pitcher that was always kept ready .
tr	PRES	He hates the ice-cold street so much that he tries to dive for shelter into any home we pass .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward the dress draped across Elora 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	They scooted closer together , their fingers shaking nervously .
tr	PRES	" All right , Taranis .
tr	PRES	The alien climbs up on my machine and we resume bouncing towards the city .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and wiped her nose .
tr	PRES	" Understood , " her father acknowledged , albeit it a tad grudgingly .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know what you guys were doing up here , but try slowing it down , bud .
tr	PAST	Memories of their marriage before the accident scrolled through his mind .
tr	PAST	All of a sudden , the memory ... the terrible , red-hot memory of Beauregard , assaulted her .
tr	PAST	Dave is really out , he reflected .
tr	PAST	He buzzed into the office and headed straight for the kitchen .
tr	PRES	I mumbled and leaned forward to kiss his chest .
tr	PAST	No built-in , unstoppable injunction prevented one human from killing another , yet humans did not regard each other first and foremost as potential murderers .
tr	PRES	The soldier stops right in front of the doctor , and the doctor looks him directly in the eye , showing no fear .
tr	PRES	... I teach you !
tr	PRES	" Your medic ? "
tr	PAST	I harp on it by mentioning others who deprived me .
tr	PAST	Her back erected and shivers ran down her spine .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a sigh of relief and held her tighter as they swayed back and forth .
tr	PAST	Karla 's lips curved in a wicked smile .
tr	PAST	" He stormed through the docking bay doors , aiming directly for me .
tr	PRES	She pushes a jug of clear liquid across the silver table we sit around .
tr	PRES	We snap our heads to the right , and if it weren 't for Isaiah 's hold , I would have stumbled back .
tr	PAST	Amanda claimed an appointment and excused herself from the smart little gathering .
tr	PAST	Kelly 's eyes zeroed in on his hand working out the kink .
tr	PRES	" Kenji , " I snap , spinning around .
tr	PAST	Of course , once we got in the lane , everyone in front of us stomped on their brakes .
tr	PAST	She wriggled her hand .
tr	PRES	" I - " She came to a helpless halt , uncertain how to put her vague concern into words .
tr	PAST	It invaded his head and made his senses reel .
tr	PRES	' I 'm sorry , honey , ' Julie whispers back .
tr	PRES	" I respectfully disagree .
tr	PRES	Conspiracy , murder , treason .
tr	PRES	He stops to press all the buttons on the alarm remote .
tr	PRES	Cassidy 's tone dripped scorn .
tr	PRES	" Sorry , " she mumbled , but he didn 't move away .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and lets out a loud beep as his finger makes contact .
tr	PAST	In fact , she flattened her palms on him and spread her fingers , touching as much of his biceps as she could .
tr	PRES	Amusement shone in the mechanic 's eyes .
tr	PAST	" I visited my family while I worked on a neighboring ranch .
tr	PRES	I say uncertainly , my voice hoarse .
tr	PRES	The world loves him and not me .
tr	PAST	My hands balled into fists .
tr	PAST	" Starvation and agony awaited those men so the first one used a bullet to get out .
tr	PAST	Eyes black as midnight pierced through the dark , watchful as an owl .
tr	PRES	" Hawthorne deserves justice and if my involvement is required , so be it . "
tr	PAST	Before he could speak Adele 's voice floated across from where she stood .
tr	PRES	" My offer of marriage stands .
tr	PAST	I inhaled it with vigor , never more grateful for oxygen .
tr	PAST	" I 'm sorry about your hand , " I whispered , my ears now perked for more intruders .
tr	PAST	What few lines and wrinkles had found their way into her features served only to underscore her elegance .
tr	PRES	One lazy ass or one fuck up and you 're dead .
tr	PAST	Each ragged breath she took rasped in her throat and I took joy in that fact .
tr	PAST	Nobody ever volunteered for this guy 's services . "
tr	PRES	The old fool deserves ... " He shudders , fighting hard to hold back tears .
tr	PAST	Emily slapped Mark 's arm , but the smile on her face said he wasn 't in too much trouble .
tr	PRES	I warn you ... it is not for the weak of heart .
tr	PAST	Without waiting , I transformed back to my human form and landed outside , drenched in blood .
tr	PAST	Soon his flustered face emerged from the tunnel into the chill night air .
tr	PRES	He loves Lady Emeline . "
tr	PAST	Paulette provided a blank expression that gradually turned into , " I never thought of that . "
tr	PRES	I sat up , my head spinning as I licked my lips .
tr	PAST	The lady giggled in sympathy as she realised how lost a young man like Guy must have felt in the library .
tr	PAST	" You cleaned my home , washed my clothes and now you 're cooking my dinner . "
tr	PAST	Every muscle in his big body tensed with growing arousal .
tr	PAST	She hooked her eyeglasses through the scooped neck of her sleeveless top .
tr	PAST	Tears snaked down her cheeks silently .
tr	PRES	After a moment he senses my scrutiny and turns to me , mouth stretching in its trademark blinding smile .
tr	PRES	This time her husband puts an arm around her and pats her shoulder , draws her a little nearer to him , saying nothing .
tr	PRES	Praise him ye creatures here below .
tr	PAST	" I want it to work ; therefore it will , " he stated firmly .
tr	PRES	" Du n no .
tr	PRES	My stomach fills with butterflies .
tr	PRES	" I know , sis .
tr	PAST	The crowd really cheered him there .
tr	PRES	Holding the small wooden cross close to her heart another English soldier pushes her toward the stake at the top of the stack of wooden logs .
tr	PRES	- ' ' A pillowcase ? '
tr	PAST	I hauled the 150 pound killing machine out of the master bedroom and into the living quarters .
tr	PRES	Ethan throws out his arms .
tr	PRES	A man in his sixties enters , an electronic chime on the door announcing his arrival .
tr	PRES	" Miss Turner ? "
tr	PRES	In the past you would have cracked skulls to disarm them , " teased Dmitri .
tr	PRES	" Five years Andy ?
tr	PAST	" I am not jealous , " Lacy lied .
tr	PAST	I committed every solid detail of it to my memory .
tr	PRES	The thought of Kade being hurt absolutely freaked me out .
tr	PRES	Robert slowly pushes open the door , and enters .
tr	PAST	My phone vibrated against my hip pocket .
tr	PRES	In front of me now , a tear streams from Abe 's eye .
tr	PRES	Her back arches into me so every inch of us really is touching .
tr	PAST	Soldiers like Phillips and the men he had come with rarely disobeyed their orders .
tr	PRES	I lean toward the nearest one and press my ear against it .
tr	PRES	The whole thing strikes Zeph as odd .
tr	PRES	None of us even have boyfriends anymore . "
tr	PRES	" I owe you an apology , lass .
tr	PRES	A tiny smile touches his lips ; lightness floats in his gaze .
tr	PAST	Belinda 's curiosity persisted .
tr	PRES	" We were blessed with amazing parents , just not amazing circumstances , " Crewe states .
tr	PAST	His apathy only served to incense Seth further .
tr	PAST	Eustace holstered his gun and clapped his hands together .
tr	PRES	Reginald returns with two sparkling waters .
tr	PRES	" Bec , " he summons me .
tr	PRES	Taking up the hook and line , I carefully sew the skin shut , each stitch more agonizing than the last .
tr	PAST	They elbowed Emily and the others out of the way and started to attach Mrs. Fields to monitors and an oxygen tank .
tr	PRES	" A dragon . "
tr	PRES	She presses the heel of her boot into the top of my foot and smiles back at me .
tr	PAST	You identified them a long , long time ago . "
tr	PRES	Nothing brings people together like a common enemy . "
tr	PRES	Love you sweets ... " " Love you more . "
tr	PAST	Bailey 's voice wavered .
tr	PAST	I scribbled it down .
tr	PAST	He preferred to speak to people in person .
tr	PRES	My mom glances at me .
tr	PRES	For now , he allows us to live .
tr	PAST	" Sounds like a pretty boring dream , " Tristan scoffed .
tr	PRES	* * * Mae and I were standing by the double glass walls of the outer airlock , just inside the building entrance .
tr	PAST	' I 'd got a bit of a mess of beans cooking , ' he mumbled , looking at his visitors through filmy eyes .
tr	PRES	He opens them again , a sea of pain .
tr	PRES	Silence sweet around me falls .
tr	PRES	My mouth tastes like bile .
tr	PAST	" It floated up on the porch . "
tr	PAST	Bev propped her shoulder against the doorframe , her pouted lips and folded arms very much the usual form of greeting me .
tr	PRES	" As in a partnership , Daemon . "
tr	PAST	The thief circled behind them , and Celaena straightened , wondering if they 'd actually pick a fight here .
tr	PAST	Chapter Seven Alethea downed her third shot of what the bartender had promised would knock her on her ass : Three Wise Men .
tr	PRES	They mostly surround an old gardener 's cottage .
tr	PRES	And then I add a smiley face .
tr	PRES	She even talks about the terrible nights that followed the fires in Farmington .
tr	PAST	Jason eyed his father warily .
tr	PAST	He motioned for Angelina to take a seat .
tr	PAST	Then the other leg collapsed , and the World 's Greatest Wrestler , Direct from Egypt , landed on his back with a thud .
tr	PAST	She practically skipped out of the room .
tr	PAST	She squinted against the sun and saw the distant glitter of Eve 's car , parked all the way at the back .
tr	PAST	Then the cat leaped out of the window and into the yard while Mr. Roller came to his end .
tr	PAST	Just as he 'd never made fun of her foot , she never acted like he was stupid , good only for one thing .
tr	PAST	I sensed a fight was about to start .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , Princess - I have seen you flinch away from me , too . "
tr	PAST	" You proposed because you were trying to protect me . "
tr	PAST	sobbed the girl , " evil is about to be unleashed upon the earth and no one will be able to stop it . "
tr	PRES	His pitch rises with surprise , but I fix my gaze on a tree behind him , staring at it like it holds all the answers .
tr	PAST	Why had she ever doubted him ?
tr	PAST	She leaped forward and placed her body directly in front of the gun .
tr	PAST	Corrine scoffed at this .
tr	PRES	" She loves to startle people that way . "
tr	PAST	The Rabbi tugged at a large iron ring on the wall .
tr	PAST	The Council stripped her of her powers years ago .
tr	PAST	I thanked my lucky stars . "
tr	PAST	She preferred logic and facts and a thick stack of empirical data to make decisions .
tr	PRES	Mr. Goodwin lays a hand on his shoulder .
tr	PAST	" Come on , Tib , " he slurred .
tr	PAST	the other man piped up .
tr	PRES	The building stretches out on both sides , occupied mostly by a large gift shop .
tr	PAST	His lips caressed mine .
tr	PRES	I grumble as I walk stiff legged after them around the U-Haul .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , more shots exploded , shook the walls .
tr	PRES	The notice states that we 've decided on a private ceremony with only our family and a few friends in attendance . "
tr	PRES	Despair washes over me .
tr	PRES	She also loves to act .
tr	PRES	Seven streams and we know it works . "
tr	PAST	" You let it melt in your mouth , " she advised softly .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at me as he leaned against my open door .
tr	PAST	His hands itched to touch her in a million different ways and places .
tr	PAST	I crawled along the wall , trailing my hands on the floor .
tr	PRES	14 The morning sun shone through the cafeteria window , dust dancing in its rays .
tr	PAST	While I hold mine , I witness other lights capturing the others .
tr	PRES	He stares at his hands , the shadows of the cavern creeping into the deep lines that etch his face .
tr	PAST	Since he was a veterinarian , he and Jimmy handled vaccinating the cattle .
tr	PAST	On the shore of this lake whose name I didn 't know , I stripped Stalker half nak * d and examined his wounds .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands tightly together , flexing his jaw several times .
tr	PAST	He slapped his forehead .
tr	PAST	Time froze as Emma quickly rewound through the last four months , replaying every moment , every conversation with Ethan .
tr	PAST	" I don 't think he 's right for you , " he stated .
tr	PAST	She pondered that for a moment , then turned her face to look at him , her skin tingling with sudden excitement .
tr	PRES	The one revolving around her keeping her job .
tr	PAST	A very long time ago , your family ruled with divine power , under the belief that they are direct descendants of Jesus Christ . "
tr	PRES	Am I correct in this , sisters ? "
tr	PAST	" Eight , " he reported after a moment .
tr	PAST	He rarely skipped practice , so that was weird .
tr	PAST	Just after you dashed away , Sophia , all full of tears , visited her best friend Lily .
tr	PAST	Doyle slowed , and the others slowed with him .
tr	PRES	As for Sharmila ... " She sighs .
tr	PRES	The Barbarian objects because he knows his wife loathes him and that she 'll confirm what I say . "
tr	PAST	Karen 's hand slapped the table so hard tears came to her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Hold on , buddy .
tr	PAST	The bartender hollered over to us , " Hey !
tr	PAST	I froze , waiting , tense , my head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	Something washed over his face , startling me .
tr	PRES	A good-looking guy tries to get my attention and I run ?
tr	PRES	Hana flinches , as though I 've reached out and slapped her .
tr	PRES	After a few seconds go by Jack throws up his hands .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his large body .
tr	PRES	That is how you go looking for witches , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	" I needed my hands free , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	To raise awareness , they sell the ubiquitous rubber wrist bands .
tr	PAST	She advanced and wrapped her hands around the bars , as though she wasn 't at all afraid of him .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , she reflected .
tr	PRES	My voice lacks her passion .
tr	PRES	Guard Stanton glares at him as he puts the shirt back on .
tr	PRES	But ain 't Solly always looked like death warmed up , eh ? '
tr	PRES	He stiffened , suddenly suspicious , suddenly angry .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the boat slowed down .
tr	PRES	" Captain Anders . "
tr	PRES	She blames Malcolm for whatever 's happened to Sam .
tr	PRES	The man hisses in my face , " He 's my kid , not yours .
tr	PAST	He urged as he was racing down the hall .
tr	PAST	Greco-Roman pillars extended to the ceiling , painted ceiling of course .
tr	PRES	He loves Whittier House . "
tr	PAST	She tugged on his hand and they turned for the door .
tr	PRES	A cartoon plays on the television , much to the amusement of a dancing toddler prancing around the living room .
tr	PRES	You as well , Miss Gray , however temporarily . "
tr	PAST	She awoke to a splash of blinding yellow which filled the room .
tr	PAST	By the way Tom 's eyes glaze over I can tell we 've lost him to a memory .
tr	PRES	It lays close to his body , churning slow like sludge and hued a murky brown almost to the core .
tr	PRES	Three votes to acquit .
tr	PRES	The metal wall isolating the armory from the rest of the ship slides open .
tr	PAST	I sensed cold underneath me and wet spots on my face .
tr	PAST	Iris extended her gloved hand to Mick .
tr	PAST	I giggled to myself as I stepped into the shower .
tr	PRES	" What about Maeve ? "
tr	PAST	After they left , Jo cleaned up .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	As they approached closer , details emerged : the towering skis , the bulk of the blue module , and the lone John Deere tractor .
tr	PAST	He slapped the card on a pile beside the deck .
tr	PAST	" MacDonald , Matthew MacDonald , double ' O ' geneticist with a license to clone , " she joked .
tr	PRES	Thanks for sharing that vitally life-saving important scientific information but let me add more information .
tr	PAST	His chainsaw hurtled into the air , then bounced off the cement sidewalk amid a shower of concrete chips .
tr	PAST	Samuel tugged him closer .
tr	PRES	-- he misses the basket completely .
tr	PAST	Not that it lingered more than a second .
tr	PRES	" He deserves prison time , and I 'm going to do everything I can to see he gets it . "
tr	PRES	The door opens and Reagan walks in , tossing her stuff on her dresser .
tr	PAST	And then she came out , a towel secured under her arms , as she dabbed at her soaked hair .
tr	PAST	Cindy 's eyes flicked Grace 's way .
tr	PRES	The coughing spell passes and my mother returns to her seat at the bar .
tr	PRES	" What about a positional oath ? "
tr	PAST	As I told Charlie almost every day , people invented electricity and toasters and hairdryers for a reason -- because life is better with them .
tr	PAST	The prosecution sought the death penalty .
tr	PRES	Can you sing it to me ? "
tr	PAST	He panicked , and tipped the suitcases over .
tr	PRES	I drag myself to my feet .
tr	PAST	As I heaved it open , the smell of damp and rot invaded my nostrils .
tr	PRES	He pushes the hair back from his forehead .
tr	PAST	She hastily donned her coat , then turned and found Gavin immediately behind her .
tr	PAST	Tapestry replaced the bottle in the rucksack and took out a lunch box .
tr	PRES	" No more than I assume you 're using me for reasons relating to your own fantasy . "
tr	PAST	Slowly the door inched down , finally thudding on the earthen floor .
tr	PAST	It leaped into the air , that familiar earth-shattering scream erupting from its throat .
tr	PRES	The only voices that ever come all the way out here belong to the mailman , or occasionally , the repairman from town .
tr	PRES	A ball of white light flashes in the room hitting the pale woman in the chest .
tr	PAST	Then she toyed idly with his hair , suddenly possessed to want to know more of her husband .
tr	PRES	He draws my attention to my shoes .
tr	PAST	The bedroom vibrated with sound .
tr	PAST	" Create a picture in your mind of the ball landing on the green and rolling towards the hole , " Ken instructed .
tr	PAST	I just sort of collapsed sideways when the ground gave .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted in his chair and I clasped his hand reassuringly .
tr	PRES	I strain my ears to try to listen to what they are saying , wondering if they 're talking about me .
tr	PAST	the healer inquired gently as she began to splash the treated water over Helen 's back . .
tr	PAST	He taped one phone to the underside of the vehicle 's running board .
tr	PAST	I risked a slap across the face to raise my hand and cup her cheek .
tr	PAST	Lines pinched up that gorgeous face .
tr	PRES	Downstairs , Rex opens the door to a black Bentley with tinted windows .
tr	PRES	Lighter than air , and most definitely lighter than stone .
tr	PRES	She loves my poetry . "
tr	PAST	The Master appeared again , His great head cocked as if in question .
tr	PAST	I sensed strange energy around a lot of the artifacts , for instance .
tr	PAST	Smiling , he propped his feet on his desk and crossed his hands over his abdomen .
tr	PAST	He toasted , then poured a slug into his mouth , closed his eyes and swallowed .
tr	PAST	Marco slapped Sali 's back .
tr	PRES	The problem with what you 're suggesting lies in method .
tr	PAST	Of course ; because I would 've stormed the place to save Veronique .
tr	PAST	He brightened so much I almost had to look away , but it made me laugh .
tr	PRES	What concerns me , though , is that the Sheriff 's Department may not have made this case the priority it deserves to be . "
tr	PRES	" Damn , Natalie you are so ... " His breath was ragged and warm against her ear .
tr	PAST	Just outside the building , she collapsed .
tr	PRES	His face freezes again , and I know he has shut me out .
tr	PRES	" He hates Cain so much he 's blind to everyone else .
tr	PRES	" Little Red , over here . "
tr	PRES	" She hates me . "
tr	PAST	He started up the motor of the ' copter , feeling resigned to it .
tr	PRES	He whispers once he is standing again .
tr	PAST	You proved what a misguided idiot can do if kept unchecked . "
tr	PAST	It represented far more than a house in a nice neighborhood .
tr	PRES	Sometimes you settle for rough justice .
tr	PRES	" I golf and I swim .
tr	PRES	It rises faster when he 's around .
tr	PAST	Kaylee pondered for a minute , pacing a little , making a show of it .
tr	PRES	His voice fades away and I catch his eyes widen momentarily , as if surprised .
tr	PRES	He deserves someone who can make him happy . "
tr	PRES	Chang ' e holds her cup , presses it to her smeared cheek for relief .
tr	PAST	Daisy perked up at the sight of them and bent to stroke each one .
tr	PRES	He reaches toward my face , hesitates , and then grazes the pad of his thumb along my bottom lip .
tr	PRES	And a kind of alcove for brooms , pitchforks , the curry combs , hoof picks , hooks again for buckets .
tr	PRES	" She wears the robe of the oracles . "
tr	PRES	A terrible thought occurs to me and my fingers strangle Evie 's .
tr	PRES	Chapter Six The workers from Great Lakes Packaging arrived with their supervisor that morning .
tr	PRES	The Mog with the broken nose tries to cut us off , but I knock an end table into his legs , upending him .
tr	PRES	" My apologies , Chancellor , Admiral Drake and your daughter have arrived , " a soft female voice explains .
tr	PRES	A good wife embraces even the most tedious chores . "
tr	PAST	The ball remained in the air for a moment and then to their relief , it floated gently down into Terri 's lap .
tr	PAST	David lounged in the chair opposite the desk as he 'd done a million times before .
tr	PRES	Perhaps you two should take some time for , um ... a stroll . "
tr	PAST	" Well , " Sarah sniffed .
tr	PAST	A solitary shadow ambled north toward the front of the building , an AK-47 slung casually across his body .
tr	PRES	" So ... " John struggled to recall if he 'd asked this before .
tr	PRES	Finally , one branch holds and Serena has a chance to catch her footing .
tr	PRES	It kind of ruined our afternoon . "
tr	PAST	While inside , Kris charged me to be checking her out every once in a while .
tr	PAST	" Sorry son , classified .
tr	PRES	She likes you . "
tr	PRES	The white scar through his left eyebrow stands out like a brand .
tr	PRES	" Well then , that explains it .
tr	PAST	Reaching out , he slapped the coin flat against the marble .
tr	PAST	Andre slowly glided gracefully across the stone floor , his red , soulless eyes on the woman .
tr	PRES	Her wings were folded , her gait both graceful and tense with suppressed power .
tr	PAST	I smacked him on the arm .
tr	PAST	In others she 's the mom I know , hair coiled high , in a suit , talking to other " movers and shakers . "
tr	PAST	One thing about the situation baffled her .
tr	PAST	Faint violet lines also snaked through at intervals like intermittent thunderbolts .
tr	PAST	She pondered that for a moment .
tr	PAST	She squealed and I fought the urge to sink my fangs in her and drain her .
tr	PAST	She clutched the edge of the bed for support as dark spots swam before her vision .
tr	PAST	Jackson exhaled deeply , tightening his arms around me .
tr	PAST	Michael sped up , jetting down the road before the cars could start pulling off the ferry , jamming up the traffic .
tr	PRES	" No , sweetheart , but we have to leave right away .
tr	PRES	Then I compel myself to sit up .
tr	PAST	None of the others ever experienced anything remotely similar .
tr	PRES	" Tell me what to do , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Joan stifled a laugh .
tr	PRES	Too many lies to take .
tr	PAST	He sensed that he was beyond stark disruption , lying in the shallows of emotion , spent and quiescent .
tr	PRES	Both hating myself for becoming so apathetic over the past couple years and them for underestimating me .
tr	PAST	" You stole from me , Madeline Spencer . "
tr	PAST	Jo looked down at the card then stuffed it in her pocket .
tr	PAST	He hopped down beside her , and then Eve slithered out as well .
tr	PAST	He regarded me quizzically for a moment before shaking his head slightly .
tr	PRES	Jon orders as his tries his best to hang on with his good hand .
tr	PRES	" First off , she nearly ruined Lucian .
tr	PAST	- He tugged on my hand .
tr	PRES	The wet , heavy snow sitting on top of the hardened ice slides right off , especially when it 's steep . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , come on , Andrea .
tr	PRES	He gripped the seat belt and ripped it from the buckle , his growling shout filling the car .
tr	PAST	He steadied himself on the door , his legs too used to the slur of the drunken world to stand with the sober .
tr	PRES	" What about Ash ? "
tr	PAST	" I feared I had doomed my friends to a fall all the way back down to the rocks below . "
tr	PAST	Politely dismissed , but dismissed nonetheless .
tr	PRES	Footsteps echo far enough ahead that I can 't see him but close enough that I can hear him .
tr	PAST	The Congressmen and state legislators extended the eyes and ears of President Davis .
tr	PRES	Thin moonlight passes through the tattered curtains and falls on her bed .
tr	PRES	The candle light shone in his eyes .
tr	PAST	A grin tugged at her lips but she was trying very hard to hold her frown .
tr	PRES	He stops eating and looks at me .
tr	PAST	Silently she pondered this thing , how it could be possible , and how this spirit might taste the blood that he had drawn .
tr	PAST	He raised his hand again , the dagger still clutched there , before slashing another wound on his chest , a direct crisscross .
tr	PAST	Depression washed through me .
tr	PRES	She loves to inspire people through her stories about characters who overcome seemingly insurmountable odds and the transformation it produces .
tr	PRES	Stolz responds , " Marci , just relax and have a seat .
tr	PAST	Julie washed herself as clean as possible and felt a warm blanket spread across her aching body .
tr	PRES	Go fetch Dan and we 'll come up with our own ideas .
tr	PAST	" Thank God , " he mumbled , his eyes racing over her features like he was checking each and every one of them .
tr	PRES	A young woman in a flashy dress and too much makeup slides into the booth .
tr	PRES	The hill rises together with three others in the middle of a plain covered with olive green vegetation growing in fertile volcanic soil .
tr	PAST	His bloodshot eyes sought a target .
tr	PRES	You detest the paranormal .
tr	PAST	So isn 't the treaty sort of moot , anyhow ? "
tr	PAST	He cocked his head arrogantly .
tr	PAST	That required an unbelievable amount of energy because of road blocks placed in front of her .
tr	PAST	He collapsed like a giant redwood felled by one might swing of Paul Bunyan 's axe .
tr	PAST	The emerald fabric matched my eyes and , as usual , my long curls hung loose around my face and down my back .
tr	PRES	Unsurprisingly , he freaked out .
tr	PAST	Scott tensed himself in the darkness as the boy in the cap started around one of his friends .
tr	PRES	Just when I start to think that there 's no end to it , it opens up to a room .
tr	PRES	" Doesn 't everyone he kills rise again ? "
tr	PRES	" By damn , Rita .
tr	PRES	He holds my vulnerability in his hands , tightly in his fists .
tr	PAST	The nurse motioned for Darryl to follow him .
tr	PAST	Clary , without knowing why , shrank back .
tr	PAST	If it 's a criminal with a big family you might get ambushed getting to them .
tr	PAST	He required food and water first , however , and Ashe wasn 't about to call the man to task about his hygiene .
tr	PAST	" I understand , " he mumbled and breathed a sigh of relief when Blaine finally walked away .
tr	PAST	" And it was fine , " she lied .
tr	PAST	I cost you so much .
tr	PAST	Danica 's heartbeat sped up .
tr	PRES	And Balthasar joins them . '
tr	PRES	" Nice horse , " whispered the leading monk to a horse , patting its nose , fearful that it would give them away .
tr	PRES	Then she wove a globe of light and sent it hovering over beside his desk .
tr	PAST	The four of them fled , too scared to speak , only run .
tr	PRES	Sorry to bother you , bye ! "
tr	PAST	After you ditched me and ran . "
tr	PRES	Slowly , she opens her coat .
tr	PRES	Then he winks at me .
tr	PRES	She offers to ask her parents , but that only causes a round of silence .
tr	PRES	" Didn 't they warn you about me ? "
tr	PAST	Hasn 't your intuition always proved right ?
tr	PAST	Sometimes the days wrung you dry .
tr	PRES	There shimmering in the daylight , inches from my face , was a knife -- its serpentine handle twisted around a gloved hand .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to walk with him .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Messenger . "
tr	PAST	A sphere bounced with a distant thud in the grass .
tr	PRES	" Quit drooling and tell me what you see . "
tr	PAST	" I phoned the school where he teaches and talked to the secretary . "
tr	PRES	He 'd been terrified , his hands damp , his whole interior quaking .
tr	PRES	The girl over there considers whether her parents realised that she hasn 't come home yet .
tr	PAST	" Please place all your metal objects into the try and walk one at a time through the detector , " a guard instructed .
tr	PAST	He inhaled deeply and then hung the shirt back up .
tr	PRES	She deserves a strong chest to lean against and soak up her tears , a sounding board for her frustrations .
tr	PRES	Francesca reaches into her pocket and removes the crystal fan fob .
tr	PAST	The career cop manning that checkpoint looked at me , puzzled , but let me by when I showed him my ID card .
tr	PRES	" What kind of password ? "
tr	PRES	Malcolm lays his messenger bag on the table , pulls a manila envelope out , and slides it toward me .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 13 The next morning Chris awoke to pounding on his door .
tr	PAST	Merrie inched closer and peered carefully at the credentials .
tr	PAST	Forget the Catholics , when it came to guilt , no one topped her dad .
tr	PRES	He holds up his tattooed hand .
tr	PRES	Elaina snuck out first through the back courtyard , slipping into an alley to wait for Cade .
tr	PRES	" Is that how I 'm supposed to respect You , Ship ? "
tr	PRES	If she runs under the new constitution , she loses .
tr	PRES	" And quite fearless .
tr	PRES	" Everybody , no matter what is happening around them , deserves the kind of love that man feels for you , especially you . "
tr	PRES	But no one tends to dear old Aunt Dee 's flower box .
tr	PAST	I plaster a smile on my face , trying to hide my concern from her .
tr	PAST	Some of them reported feeling better as a result and praised the drug for curing them of their previous ailment .
tr	PRES	" Because they don 't hesitate to kill innocent people if they stand in the way . "
tr	PAST	Before she could ponder any more on the incongruity , Ashe floated in through a window .
tr	PAST	She giggled , a combined reaction from his words and his mouth nibbling on her shoulder .
tr	PRES	" He pays you for sex ? "
tr	PRES	" ' Shadow ' ?
tr	PAST	she giggled passing him a towel .
tr	PRES	" You 're going the wrong way , you idiot ! "
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together and nods as if I should consider this .
tr	PAST	Fin cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	" At what cost ? "
tr	PRES	Chapter Six " Emma !
tr	PRES	" Everyone that watched that hates me . "
tr	PAST	Steamy dog breath tickled Tristan 's face .
tr	PRES	The dirt allows for initial vegetation , then eventually trees .
tr	PRES	Then he stalked toward her .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , listening intently to the conversations around him , finally picking up the drift of what they were saying .
tr	PAST	I flattened my palm and pressed it harder against his body .
tr	PRES	" Jesus , please don 't let Devlin sell his soul to Lucifer . "
tr	PRES	I approve of that .
tr	PRES	It melts and covers us as he moves within me , like a perfect crystalline cocoon .
tr	PRES	I recall feeling sick and wondering at first whether it had pierced the vest and indeed , my body .
tr	PAST	His chuckle rumbled in his chest under her ear .
tr	PRES	Nicholas ' hand on my arm causes me to jump .
tr	PRES	She taps my nose and leans away from me .
tr	PRES	Light bursts from my palms and feet , slowing me down to a hover .
tr	PAST	They all nodded , their newly acquired weapons clutched in their hands .
tr	PRES	" Buy me a cup of coffee and we 'll talk , " he offers .
tr	PAST	He only dealt her another surprise , showing her that he was as ingenious in the kitchen as he was in the boardroom and bedroom .
tr	PRES	He lay asleep in bed with the sheets tangled around him , his light brown hair glinting reddish in the morning sun .
tr	PAST	A sudden feeling of fear washed over Grace .
tr	PRES	Should we invite him to come with us ? "
tr	PRES	She reaches for her coffee , again tucking her foot underneath her as she brings the brim of the glass cup up to her mouth .
tr	PRES	Before long , the unicorns ' horns , and the centaurs ' bows , arrows , axes , swords , and shields were all bewitched .
tr	PAST	I huddle up with my back against the stone , cupping the mug of hot water Raven boiled for me earlier to help warm my fingers .
tr	PAST	" Hey Charlie , look , " I giggled .
tr	PAST	Serenity wept for what she 'd done , for the death of her husband , for the death of the person she 'd thought she was .
tr	PRES	" I never said anything about a boyfriend , " I protest .
tr	PAST	She slowed , began to turn , to look back .
tr	PAST	Dad presses the clutch and the gas while trying to shift and the engine completely stalls out .
tr	PRES	She hisses , taking a deep breath in .
tr	PRES	Parker and Faye stood up from behind the table when Savannah said , " Ouch " " Savannah ? "
tr	PAST	He destroyed his own family to get what he wanted .
tr	PRES	Time still remains a problem though .
tr	PAST	He exploded to his feet , came around to her , pulled her up .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	Helga cocked her head to the side .
tr	PAST	His father being gone so much bothered him deeply , but Kyle always shrugged it off as if it didn 't matter . "
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved slightly .
tr	PRES	Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle , a body drifts in with a high tide .
tr	PRES	That brings money , and unsuspecting folks with money are to lawyers as wounded animals are to buzzards . "
tr	PRES	He dumps the can over and spills change everywhere .
tr	PAST	Her fingers rhythmically caressed the black cross that rested in the hollow of her throat .
tr	PAST	" The women of my village collected his teeth and made this tooth necklace . "
tr	PRES	He gripped my wrists and pulled them down to my sides , his hold firm enough to snap me from ogling his chest .
tr	PRES	" You assume what we told the human was true . "
tr	PRES	Please sit back , relax and thanks for flying PSA Air . "
tr	PAST	Not wanting to press our luck , we abandoned our goods and our pride to the villains and dashed away into the night .
tr	PAST	The moment he stepped inside the pantry , the already confined space shrank to virtually the size of an electron .
tr	PAST	The thought of that troubled him , and he knew he had to do whatever he could to prevent such an outcome .
tr	PRES	" When I was just getting to the part about freeing innocent souls . "
tr	PRES	Testing Claire and others without their consent , he learns that she meets biological prerequisites for the conversion .
tr	PAST	My first year at Notre Dame proved to be a challenge .
tr	PAST	She slapped a hand over Shane 's necklace and backed away , eyes wide , and Dad looked hurt and baffled .
tr	PAST	" Look at my cap , if you doubt her power , " Jonty rumbled .
tr	PAST	We tipped sideways , thrown toward the gaping hole in the side of our hull .
tr	PAST	It required a fair amount of calmness , and my excitement and agitation made it hard to relax .
tr	PAST	The mouse sensed my intention and begged me not to go , but something had a hold on me that I could not shake .
tr	PAST	" My mom just washed and made the bed . "
tr	PRES	I tilted my chin upwards , while he held my face , his thumbs grazing my cheeks .
tr	PRES	" Again , my apologies .
tr	PAST	Damn mutt tricked me .
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair soothingly .
tr	PRES	" My dear brother-in-law has been upset all these years that you borrowed a water hose and never returned it , " Aunt Letty states .
tr	PAST	I bounced out of his truck and into my car .
tr	PAST	Muscles strained as he pulled himself up , up , up higher still until he swung his legs up to ... Got it .
tr	PAST	Confusion washed over me .
tr	PRES	Nary a glimpse of ankle or clavicle , those miracles of girl geometry .
tr	PRES	I pul my hand from his grip .
tr	PRES	She lays her hand on my shoulder and I glance up , trying to shake the old memories away .
tr	PRES	I assume you haven 't heard from him ? "
tr	PAST	" We 're being pursued by the Avenger , " he reported .
tr	PRES	Her hands thread through my hair , and I kiss her deeper .
tr	PRES	She screwed her nose up , ran some hot water into a sink and began to scrub paint off her arms .
tr	PAST	His glass shattered on the sidewalk and someone yelled something in French .
tr	PRES	Kev consoles me as Kylie puts her hand on my shoulder in a comforting manner .
tr	PAST	Maurice advised him to dial his speed back and told him that being a vampire was like running an engine without a governor .
tr	PRES	We delve into his sketchy employment history - bosses , co-workers , duties , wages , dismissals .
tr	PRES	He glances at Calliope , but his eyes return to mine .
tr	PRES	She sighed , her eyelids closing for a moment .
tr	PAST	He flung the chain at Lynette , hoping to catch her off guard .
tr	PAST	Zoe cocked her head appealingly .
tr	PRES	That pretty much sums up everything I know and I 've never talked to her to be my own judge .
tr	PAST	Angelina 's face brightened .
tr	PRES	After a while , he gently lays her flat on the table and pulls a set of stirrups out of the table 's sides .
tr	PRES	She wears a pink hooded jumper with matching tracksuit bottoms .
tr	PAST	" Yes , with her husband , Ryland . "
tr	PRES	Further , I confess that in all honesty .
tr	PRES	He practically climbs the walls if he can 't account for his family . "
tr	PRES	My heart stops as it snakes around and plummets to the floor around me .
tr	PRES	The horse slows to a jog , studying me , his expression both wary and nosy .
tr	PAST	No one attempted to stop me .
tr	PRES	I walked through the aisle , my hand soothing the long , glossy marble table-top , and sat at the end of the table , gracefully poised .
tr	PAST	She stood up and leaned toward Surreal , her hands outstretched to touch Surreal 's face .
tr	PAST	She snaked her hands up and gripped his collar between her fingers .
tr	PAST	Even the crowd noise slowed to a halt .
tr	PRES	Sullivan gazes at me .
tr	PRES	Something stank like rancid dung .
tr	PRES	Cole was everything Kate required for a boyfriend : good looking , a star athlete and from a prominent Sussex family .
tr	PAST	Shifting to the kitchen window , she crouched down to see if there was any movement inside .
tr	PRES	Ryland 's pyre reaches high into the night sky .
tr	PAST	" You didn 't answer our question about rest and recuperation , " Rachel Demarest accused .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , it revealed just how curvaceous her body was and she didn 't like that .
tr	PRES	We stared at each other for a long time , then gesturing to my wounds , I mumbled something about the rocks being sharp .
tr	PAST	Simon bounced into view .
tr	PRES	" Then why send us , Rand al ' Thor ?
tr	PAST	Levi screamed , hands balled into fists .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , very friendly , " he lied .
tr	PRES	" He 's new , " someone whispers .
tr	PRES	" And damage the chica in the process .
tr	PAST	Jace leaped backward and the blade split the air just in front of him , slicing his shirt open down the front .
tr	PAST	Jaden caressed her cheek .
tr	PRES	' Not that bad , surely ? '
tr	PRES	" No trace of Dan and Little Buck . "
tr	PRES	I looked down at him , my face expressionless .
tr	PRES	" Please spare me . "
tr	PRES	I assume you 're calling about a status update on the mission ? "
tr	PRES	She flicks a chunk of brown hair over her shoulder .
tr	PRES	Ally considers leaving , feeling bad for shutting out this girl who clearly needs the game more than she does .
tr	PRES	" But this painful ? "
tr	PAST	Backing inside , he elbowed the door closed carefully .
tr	PAST	The grill rose like a monument of chrome , topped by the hood ornament , the star .
tr	PRES	The only hint that this is another universe - blood , not water , flows from the waterfall .
tr	PRES	" You Sexy Thing " fills the room and Chuckles makes a disapproving sound eerily similar to my mother 's .
tr	PAST	The chair prevented all but our lips and hands from touching .
tr	PAST	He bribed her , using company money , to engage in an affair with him .
tr	PRES	" Mr Folklore wishes you to go with him to British United Plastics , to visit their new resin plant .
tr	PAST	Nevertheless , for New York fisherman Thomas Derry , they provided a useful supplement to a typically meagre income .
tr	PRES	" And the servants !
tr	PRES	Science also explains the same mechanisms but uses different terms and frameworks .
tr	PAST	" He dumped her before they even finished his CT scan . "
tr	PRES	We file out into the rain .
tr	PAST	I doubted anyone was talking about how boring the last HR seminar had been .
tr	PRES	Jason points the pistol at us .
tr	PRES	People all over the country sell vases that have ( or had ) unusual discoveries to the museum .
tr	PRES	' ' The old lighthouse ? "
tr	PAST	Suddenly the air exploded around her as blood showered her face and chest .
tr	PRES	" Mortimer - " she began grimly .
tr	PRES	He mumbled the melody and took her into his arms .
tr	PAST	Have I displeased you in some way ? "
tr	PAST	He sensed that things were going downhill fast , but he could not think of a way to stop the runaway train .
tr	PAST	Having scrutinized each song Richard proposed also cutting Only When it 's Saturday as a 7-inch single .
tr	PAST	Oakes crumpled the note in his fist .
tr	PAST	I lied to the one person whose trust means more to me than anything .
tr	PAST	Laughter danced in his eyes and a mischievous grin split his face .
tr	PRES	Alexandra took one , Maria positioning the pillow she held behind her mother 's back .
tr	PRES	" Easy lad ! "
tr	PAST	As Cassian coughed and wheezed , his henchman and fighters advanced another few paces .
tr	PAST	I seized his collar , yanked the knife from his shoulder , and plunged it deep into his chest .
tr	PAST	" After she lied to James .
tr	PAST	she exploded , throwing out her arms .
tr	PAST	* * Having survived another agonizing teleportation to the tower 's base , I fled outside .
tr	PAST	Liz squealed as she ran over jumping into his arms , leaving Jin standing at the door by himself .
tr	PRES	" No , Ana wishes they were .
tr	PRES	" Maybe , maybe not , " Nick teased .
tr	PAST	+ + + + + + + + + + Darryl Hicks ' scraggly beard would be a perfectly suitable home for a family of wrens .
tr	PAST	" How about if you quit defending her ? "
tr	PAST	I eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	" You go get some ale and take a rest , " she instructed him as she strode back toward the keep .
tr	PAST	He scored me my first job here .
tr	PAST	" Nina , " he chided .
tr	PAST	Even Dawn , the head of Human Resources , perked up .
tr	PAST	Tucker thanked Manfred and hung up .
tr	PAST	She prayed it was her imagination .
tr	PAST	" They stole our truck ! "
tr	PAST	Emily stormed back to Ali .
tr	PRES	As they got closer to the wall , the scale of the place again awed Fintan .
tr	PAST	He awoke with a snort and a roar as he felt the chains on them .
tr	PAST	Chapter Nine The month of October sped by .
tr	PAST	My purse tipped over . "
tr	PAST	For example ; his story on roads , whilst mostly being a tome on the lust for travel , also highlighted a more spiritual quest .
tr	PAST	I donned it and pulled the hood over .
tr	PRES	' In those bushes .
tr	PRES	We celebrate the wild things .
tr	PRES	" My lucky hat ! "
tr	PRES	Beginning his trek down the gradual slope , Rift fails to notice Mai hasn 't answered him , now deep in thought herself .
tr	PAST	Dean steadied the bike .
tr	PAST	Isabella circled the outer perimeter of the conference center three times had no luck finding the room .
tr	PRES	He wears a large friar 's hat , a long silk black grey coat , and military boots .
tr	PAST	God created them for various purposes .
tr	PRES	Laughter bursts out of me .
tr	PAST	Nausea assailed her and she had to swallow back the bile working its way from her stomach and into her throat .
tr	PRES	Even if her heart did threaten to leap through her chest .
tr	PRES	He likes the dark .
tr	PRES	" The latter , I assume .
tr	PAST	Panic clutched at the thresholds of her mind , threatening to take hold and send her into a tailspin .
tr	PAST	Her tears gushed faster , her quakes nearly rattling flesh from bone .
tr	PRES	" And what brings the two of you here ? "
tr	PRES	And your ancient title ? "
tr	PRES	" He loves them . "
tr	PAST	' Your beatings had a way of revealing that side of me , ' he mumbled , massaging his hand .
tr	PRES	She stands in front of me with her arms crossed , her eyes stony .
tr	PRES	" This was a mistake , " I mutter as I try to get up from the lounger .
tr	PRES	Marc reaches out and touches my arm .
tr	PRES	He floats me back towards the kitchen in a hurry .
tr	PRES	Muscles rippling , powerful , sensuous .
tr	PRES	" The future holds no fear for you or I , or our little you and I 's .
tr	PRES	" Ah ha . "
tr	PAST	Now he acted as if he shouldn 't have done so .
tr	PRES	Straight down thru the scrub .
tr	PAST	" You should have come alone , " Philip chided him .
tr	PRES	The principal plays with the paperweight .
tr	PAST	The packaging split as they tried to cram it into the car and an arm dangled out .
tr	PRES	" What brings you out so late anyway ? "
tr	PRES	But say what you will , my price remains the same .
tr	PRES	They look at me , they glance downwards and see the gun .
tr	PAST	Neon lights left on overnight touting businesses that were closed glowed dimly along the sides of the boulevard .
tr	PRES	I lean back on my palms .
tr	PAST	He served in the Sweetwater Police Department with Keith .
tr	PRES	She fell into step beside me , her goons going to check if we needed tickets to enter .
tr	PRES	* * * Kat Kiss Her Now .
tr	PAST	" Go , " Aram urged .
tr	PAST	" When Odin and his brothers subdued the first being who rose from the Yawning Void , they split up his body to make this world .
tr	PRES	' What a shame .
tr	PAST	It must have something to do with electronic breakdowns or sabotage , " stated Preston .
tr	PAST	The sounds of the revelry up the beach washed around them as she reminded herself who she was sitting next to .
tr	PRES	" Dammit Sam , what the fuck ?
tr	PAST	He shuffled half a pace forward .
tr	PRES	" Of course , your Highness . "
tr	PAST	He tipped the envelope with two fingers and handed to me .
tr	PAST	I sensed his restraint .
tr	PRES	" The dress fits you perfectly and shows off each and every asset . "
tr	PRES	She likes the way they move , those men , like one body with many parts .
tr	PAST	Her face brightened with pleasure at the feelings surging inside her .
tr	PRES	He sighs and then leans in , presses his body against mine .
tr	PRES	A few planes were on the airstrip running in the night , lights blinking .
tr	PRES	My thoughts whirl around my head .
tr	PAST	Slowly , he stripped her body of the tank top and pajama pants she wore .
tr	PAST	They dumped the steaming liquid into the tub .
tr	PRES	" Or the wolves . "
tr	PAST	Then her news destroyed his intent and ruined his mood .
tr	PAST	My eyes lingered on the man 's toothy smile .
tr	PRES	" I am sorry , " I murmur .
tr	PAST	I preferred the Venetian .
tr	PAST	One sedative , coming up , at the patient 's request . "
tr	PAST	We even scored a new client ! "
tr	PRES	Anyway , will you marry me , sweetie ? "
tr	PRES	Wet fists pounded Conner in the face .
tr	PAST	Another man clutched a jeweled scepter in one hand and an ornately framed mirror in the other .
tr	PAST	I dared not turn around .
tr	PRES	What the fuck ? "
tr	PAST	" Your worries are over , Moses , " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" Not as simple as you think , kiddo .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through his jacket pocket and pulled out a long , gold chain .
tr	PRES	His features relax and his tone sounds like that of a centuries old teacher .
tr	PRES	" Please don 't make me let go , " she begged through pale lips .
tr	PRES	He hates me too . "
tr	PRES	Dad exits the bathroom .
tr	PAST	On duty troops saluted as she passed .
tr	PRES	Aria flashes the stranger a sad smile then releases her will upon him .
tr	PAST	Her chin tipped with a Roman bravado .
tr	PRES	The same boy who befriended ghosts and sealed the demon away .
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved her lips as she reached for the folded towel .
tr	PRES	" The crown changes that .
tr	PRES	" I don 't know that there is a point , " Elizabeth whispers sadly .
tr	PAST	Joseph propped his elbows on his knees and stared down at the ground .
tr	PAST	Just like the boiling of blood cells she 'd felt that awful night , the injection invaded .
tr	PAST	Are you related somehow ? "
tr	PRES	It belongs to the state .
tr	PAST	His breath tickled my ear as he hummed along with the music .
tr	PAST	Ali took another long drag of the cigarette , then flicked it out the window .
tr	PAST	at which the crowd exclaimed their approval yet again .
tr	PAST	My patience just all out fled when that phone lit up again .
tr	PAST	Aunt Caroline practically squealed .
tr	PRES	Gavin climbs out first and grabs her legs and helps me pull her out of the car .
tr	PAST	The dance of falling water along with light and shadows produced the clearly , recognizable face of lifeless Brad peeking in .
tr	PAST	Wyatt barely flicked a glance at it .
tr	PRES	He offers me another tight smile , then looks away and starts toward the parking lot at the side of the building .
tr	PRES	My heart flips again imagining it could be William , but the caller ID shows unknown , not Stratford Investments .
tr	PAST	I tugged on his hand again , and he finally looked down at me .
tr	PRES	" Except I want dessert first . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't blame him , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	He lets out an unsteady breath and lowers his voice as he leans close to my ear .
tr	PRES	When Ty sees me , he pushes away from the wal and comes over , leaving Kristen standing alone .
tr	PRES	" Has human life no value anymore ? "
tr	PRES	" Now you two look so darling , " she sighs tearfully .
tr	PAST	Aunt Eileen persisted with her line of enquiry , brave woman !
tr	PAST	The bubbles churned in her fluttering stomach .
tr	PAST	But time unfolded and she grew wiser while learning the true meaning of financial strain .
tr	PRES	Emily mumbled something unintelligible and slid lower until her head rested on my leg and her shoulder against the floor .
tr	PAST	He touches her arm , saying .
tr	PRES	The clone falls outside the legal prohibition against experiments upon humans without their informed consent .
tr	PRES	March cups my face in his hands and kisses me as if he 's dying , and only my breath can save him .
tr	PAST	Harvey circled around her , swatting at the hem of her skirt to get her attention .
tr	PRES	He flips his hand over , intertwining our fingers .
tr	PAST	I trudged through that remorseless desert for weeks trying to find enough water to wash away the smell ! "
tr	PAST	His thumb tenderly caressed the wedding band .
tr	PRES	" Not really , " I murmur , but my cheeks flush , giving me away .
tr	PRES	" Then your mother and I approve . "
tr	PAST	He estimated it to be well more than half the patrons .
tr	PRES	She blocks off tonight after five for me .
tr	PRES	She stops , rooting her feet for the blast .
tr	PRES	This crowd offers our only chance of escape .
tr	PAST	In answer I started to laugh until Claudia was giggling uncontrollably , our hilarity muffled by our pillows so we wouldn 't wake our friends .
tr	PAST	When Lassiter yanked off his coat , the crowd in the Mermaid retreated evenly .
tr	PRES	' Well , he misses you , of course .
tr	PRES	But I warn you that you won 't believe it . "
tr	PRES	She stands and pulls the two halves of her dress together .
tr	PAST	Before her employer could protest , she hastily reassured her .
tr	PAST	Dante leaped out of her arms so fast that she shrieked .
tr	PRES	" Actually , Orlando , I think we can take it from here , " Mia interrupted .
tr	PAST	His voice touches my ear , causing me to shudder .
tr	PRES	" Hi Chloe ! "
tr	PAST	The acrid smell of burned wood , spilled blood , and fear assailed her as she hurried down the steps .
tr	PAST	At the top , Rema froze .
tr	PRES	As I walk , the coldness remains the same .
tr	PRES	Hunter bolted upright , almost knocking over the chair .
tr	PAST	He nearly destroyed Pate in that moment .
tr	PAST	Jane glided out noiselessly with the tray in one hand , making her way below stairs without passing anyone .
tr	PRES	Cricket glances at me and turns red .
tr	PRES	And then she opens her mouth and begins to scream and twist and rock in her seat and I grit my teeth .
tr	PAST	The jaguar nuzzled MaryAnn 's hand .
tr	PAST	And , after three months he experienced the oddest night with her .
tr	PRES	Chapter Seven Love Me Tender Marshall speeds down the stairs , still patting cologne on his neck .
tr	PAST	My attention floated to all the flower arrangements on the windowsill , and those on the far table .
tr	PAST	Her painting revealed it was neither of those animals .
tr	PAST	She motioned to the machine humming hungrily before them .
tr	PRES	He glances over his shoulder at Callie hugging Kayden and then nods .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest . '
tr	PAST	That accident revealed some incredible things .
tr	PAST	With a vocal sound that could only have been frustration , the beast scampered down the deflating envelope and into the rigging .
tr	PRES	She deserves more than you were ever willing to give her .
tr	PRES	What other complications ? "
tr	PRES	The little panting breaths she makes when she 's almost there .
tr	PRES	" Yes , though obviously not in the way you define it . "
tr	PRES	We sell the best products for rich kids , and you can show them off to all your friends .
tr	PAST	Clay tugged gently on the coat sleeve of Shotgun 's tuxedo .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through her hair .
tr	PAST	It buzzed like television static in her ears .
tr	PRES	Three strikes bite into his back this time , and his endurance is gone as he whimpers helplessly at the hands of the savage woman .
tr	PRES	I lean on the back wall , feeling for the metal hooks that my chains were attached to .
tr	PAST	The car slowed , and Amelie nodded to one of her guards , the one sitting on her left side .
tr	PRES	After speechless moments , she begins to cry out of both excitement and frustration .
tr	PRES	She disappears up the stone stairs to the ground floor without another word .
tr	PAST	As I pulled into my gate , I screeched around and parked abruptly in my parking spot .
tr	PRES	I 'm Grace Reed , and I approved this message , Mom concludes firmly .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth awoke slowly and looked at the windows .
tr	PAST	In a blur , he charged toward me and threw me onto the couch .
tr	PRES	" I was always hoping you 'd be able to graduate and find a passion beyond ... " " Vampires ? "
tr	PRES	Zion stands beside Rebecca , his eyes also on the ground .
tr	PRES	She ruined everything . "
tr	PAST	A minute later , they weaved through the tables to the back of Mr. Pong 's restaurant , mostly empty at this late hour .
tr	PRES	Kai 's face softens .
tr	PRES	Victoria begins : " I have never told you about my death . "
tr	PRES	She loves the way he pampers her and cannot let go any chance of receiving them .
tr	PRES	With every month that passes I 'm thankful I can have you to myself for a little while longer . "
tr	PAST	It smashed into his back with more power than I ever thought I possessed , right where his wing scars should be .
tr	PRES	" I see they rubbed up on you , this conversation is almost as maddening as talking to Purple directly , " Seth mumbled .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze for a moment and a surge of heat passes between us .
tr	PAST	Jude 's eyes flicked across the table toward Clarence .
tr	PRES	Quinn glances back up at me .
tr	PRES	Chloe peels off her sundress , revealing a white bikini , and like magic , Rob Callahan bolts for the door .
tr	PRES	" What kind of god ? "
tr	PAST	Yet the monster , reveling in improbable celebrity , revealed secrets he could have learned only from Marius himself .
tr	PAST	Keep your mistakes to a minimum , Nicolas advised himself inside , as he approached the walk-up to the 2nd tee .
tr	PRES	She stops cutting her fruit and walks over at an uneven clip with the knife still in her hand .
tr	PAST	Men in their rear ranks − those immediately at risk − began to pull back or turned at least to face the threat .
tr	PRES	Toney holds degrees in Journalism and Public Relations and marks his greatest achievement as his family .
tr	PAST	" We pursued them through the streets , but they disappeared once we reached Hungerford Bridge .
tr	PAST	Denied her lips Viper contented himself with scattering kisses over her upturned face .
tr	PRES	A knock on the door causes us to both look up .
tr	PRES	Her hair shone dark red , bright green eyes wide with youth .
tr	PRES	I slap his chest .
tr	PAST	It cost her half a leg . "
tr	PRES	" Thank you , Laura , " Daniel said , a slight frown the only indication of any discomfort on his part .
tr	PAST	" Quickly , " I urged .
tr	PAST	As he walked past the man waiting for the bus , Ron tugged on his ear and sniffed .
tr	PRES	Kate points her finger at me , like a teacher reprimanding a student .
tr	PRES	The Amber Eye . "
tr	PRES	Even while she stands there still trying to kill me with her eyes .
tr	PAST	the man said , his speech severely slurred .
tr	PRES	" You resemble your mother . "
tr	PRES	Just bugger off ? "
tr	PRES	Her head snaps up .
tr	PRES	Its people , and those of the Three Kingdoms .
tr	PRES	" That allows us to predict their reaction .
tr	PRES	No kills if possible , he tacked on .
tr	PRES	Jason grits his teeth , his lips curling into a grin .
tr	PRES	" It holds the key . "
tr	PRES	I hesitate , wondering if I should let him go first , but he gestures for me to descend .
tr	PRES	" So these parties .
tr	PRES	" Did you feed him ? "
tr	PRES	" Hey , don 't take things out on me just 'cause you 're cranky .
tr	PRES	" It will be all right , " he whispers again , his body heat the only drop of warmth we have left .
tr	PRES	His pole twitches , and he grabs it , reeling it in .
tr	PRES	" An incantation ! "
tr	PRES	Everyone loves a good rape ... I mean a rape story ! '
tr	PAST	I emailed it last night .
tr	PRES	" Sleep late tomorrow if you need to .
tr	PAST	She pondered that for a moment .
tr	PRES	" That was stupid , Eugenie .
tr	PAST	Breeze tipped his cup slightly , swirling the wine .
tr	PAST	Daddy fetched another beer from the fridge to aid him in his long journey of story tellin ' .
tr	PAST	She beamed a smile back , bowed to say thank you for helping her up , and fought the urge to tear off both their suits .
tr	PRES	" Wrong ... eh ... side ! "
tr	PAST	I thanked Providence it was night and he couldn 't see the color of my burning cheeks .
tr	PRES	" For Christ 's sake , " Grandpa mutters , " What are you giving him in return for getting you this job ?
tr	PRES	A sharp injection of pain slides across in a clean line .
tr	PAST	Madeline slowed her pace .
tr	PRES	You know what that means , what he is , " Blaze whispers .
tr	PAST	' Isn 't he engaged ?
tr	PRES	But your grief stands between us .
tr	PRES	Each side pays half .
tr	PAST	Her foot hooked around the back of my leg , her toes tickling the skin behind my knee .
tr	PAST	She attempted to move away .
tr	PRES	Kev comments and then lets out a loud ' Ow ! '
tr	PRES	" Well Ok , but what about Kiran and Talbott ? "
tr	PAST	I floated free within my mind - or something 's mind not entirely myself any longer .
tr	PAST	I blamed my mortal father .
tr	PAST	Jade eyes smoked over .
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the couch , squealing .
tr	PRES	He likes listening to college football games .
tr	PAST	" Unknown area derived mathematically . "
tr	PRES	I would be honored to introduce you to my court , " The empress offers gracefully , brushing the breadcrumbs from her bodice .
tr	PAST	Chapter 5 Kathy awoke .
tr	PAST	As it neared the old woman the lid unscrewed and hovered in the air beside it .
tr	PAST	She visited me recently to say good-bye , this time permanently .
tr	PAST	The sergeant jabbed but he already knew the answer .
tr	PAST	She inhaled , filling her lungs to capacity , and then stuck her tongue out between her lips and blew out a most offensive sound .
tr	PAST	With a shake of his head he slapped me on the back .
tr	PRES	What kinds of gifts ? "
tr	PRES	Her gaze was sober , her breath shaky as she let out a quiet curse .
tr	PRES	" What of Shay ? "
tr	PRES	' But what about the film ? '
tr	PRES	" He loves me ?
tr	PRES	" What kind of quest ? "
tr	PAST	Many claimed knowledge of it , but their theories were at best guesswork -- ungrounded in knowledge , unlike Adel 's own healing science .
tr	PRES	It essentially removes the free will of the secondary partner in the spell , and that is why it is demonic .
tr	PRES	" And the Assembly ? "
tr	PAST	Glassy eyed otherworldly stare .
tr	PRES	" That video . "
tr	PAST	" You pull the tag off the windshield and put it in the foil packet they mailed it in .
tr	PRES	Jacqueline and Patrick glanced at each other , their looks quizzical .
tr	PRES	" You belong with us . "
tr	PAST	" Go on , " he urged .
tr	PRES	Another door opens and closes , and Trevor whispers , " I 'll get it , Addison .
tr	PRES	" I can 't get through to you , Dad , " Benjamin mutters .
tr	PAST	The blue eyes pierced hers with determined purpose .
tr	PAST	The wolves circled and paced , whining .
tr	PRES	" I salute you and your curfews , Lily .
tr	PAST	He stowed the bag , then lifted her onto the seat .
tr	PRES	" Calling me a name I detest and accusing me of madness and lying .
tr	PRES	When you run , the beast likes to hunt .
tr	PAST	His legs , bare below the knee , bore so much hair that Savannah might have called it fur .
tr	PAST	He projected something far larger than his physical size , emitted a force Haidar had never felt from another human being .
tr	PRES	" I 'm having someone over for dinner tomorrow night , " he announces rather abruptly .
tr	PAST	The room only half quieted for his remarks .
tr	PRES	Relief washes through me and I let out a breath .
tr	PAST	I exhaled the breath I was holding and leaned back until the wall was holding me upright in my seat .
tr	PAST	He plopped himself down on the sofa , resting his legs on the coffee table .
tr	PAST	The watcher regarded him in that sucking silence that you just have to fill .
tr	PAST	One corner of his lips curved as his eyes zeroed in on her lips .
tr	PRES	" Today changes it .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me and I can 't read his expression at all .
tr	PAST	He unfolded himself from the passenger side of the car , looking at me through a pair of dark sunglasses .
tr	PRES	" A mutant . "
tr	PAST	It leaped off the bench and filled the trail .
tr	PAST	He steadied her arm , feeling in sore need of a cold bath and a quick run around the rooftops .
tr	PAST	The resilience of the heart never ceased to amaze him .
tr	PAST	Or had I dreamed that ?
tr	PAST	Fiona marveled how clearly she saw everything .
tr	PAST	Guy eyed the bottle of vodka on the table nervously .
tr	PAST	I claimed while shaking my head in denial .
tr	PRES	Shark rips heads and limbs loose , using the severed arms and legs as clubs to beat back other demons - he 's loving this .
tr	PRES	The Black Jester holds her tightly against him as he runs towards the service elevator .
tr	PRES	The old schoolhouse stank of mold and mildew when they arrived on its grounds .
tr	PRES	Besides , Helena has spent way too much time here in the city taking care of me , she deserves a trip don 't you think ? "
tr	PRES	" Du n no . "
tr	PRES	My mom glances at Ella and me as she puts the milk back into the fridge .
tr	PAST	Two balls of liquid fire engulfed the winged demon .
tr	PRES	" Perfect , " she beamed .
tr	PAST	" The spokeswoman actually phoned me back . "
tr	PRES	She likes pain to the point of bleeding .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes and swallows hard .
tr	PRES	The stress immediately seeps out of me , just that easily .
tr	PAST	She sniffed , suddenly feeling small and stupid .
tr	PRES	" Please forgive me , your highness , " he begged .
tr	PRES	Eden sighs in relief .
tr	PAST	' Yeah , you kinda notice things like that . '
tr	PRES	' He sure talks enough at home . '
tr	PRES	Says Paul , making her out to be stupid -- something that normally doesn 't go down too well with her .
tr	PAST	Heart thumping erratically , she crawled to the slider , which afforded her the best view of all .
tr	PAST	" I believe in karma , " he stated .
tr	PRES	He holds out his arms and she sweeps him up in a hug .
tr	PRES	" Excuse me , " he murmurs .
tr	PRES	Way out on the edge of town , he mumbled .
tr	PRES	She was wearing the pants she 'd had on yesterday , but the top was different , a dark green turtleneck this time .
tr	PRES	My voice rises with anger and indignation .
tr	PAST	" Stan Turner ... how did I ever get hooked up with you ? "
tr	PAST	He crouched beside her and pulled the gag down to hang around her neck .
tr	PRES	" That wasn 't a sweet dream , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Collin swirled around , and gave her a sort of dreadful look .
tr	PRES	With every word he pushes me farther back .
tr	PAST	" He thanked me .
tr	PRES	" You 'll what , Alec ?
tr	PRES	" No , " Marissa murmurs , tears wet on her cheeks .
tr	PRES	He holds me so tight that I feel like I 'm the only thing standing between him and Minna and his need to take revenge on her .
tr	PAST	She froze , staring at Detective Hess .
tr	PAST	A swell of dust arose .
tr	PAST	She froze the nurse in her tracks .
tr	PAST	Clay represented almost 90 percent of the class , with a few scattered lawyers hanging around the fringes .
tr	PRES	He ' l kil me anyway .
tr	PRES	Pen whispers something that I cannot make out , and Des turns off the flames .
tr	PAST	in a tiny voice as it painted furiously .
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered and a few stood on their feet .
tr	PAST	John , the club monitor who 'd hauled Mike away , reappeared by her side .
tr	PAST	And when I sought more , sought to be better , you punished for it ! "
tr	PRES	He misses getting one while we 're onstage .
tr	PAST	Birdy leaped backwards and began to transform .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PRES	" The inspector ? "
tr	PRES	She touches her cheek .
tr	PAST	He rummaged through the rest of them and didn 't see anything of importance till he saw another small stack further in and closer to the blood .
tr	PAST	Dean mentally calculated the date of the letter he 'd received , telling him when she 'd left North Dakota .
tr	PRES	" I 'm afraid not , " he sighs .
tr	PRES	She surfaces from Prewitt 's goofy face then giggles , sounding , just like my laugh .
tr	PAST	She pondered that for a second and then she nodded .
tr	PAST	" I got ta use the bathroom , " he announced , standing up .
tr	PRES	Weber clears his throat .
tr	PRES	Evelyn Carrick , the young daughter of the owner , stands by the table I sit at and asks what I 'd like .
tr	PAST	Just like he couldn 't stop thinking about her now as the overweight , balding man droned on about his computer system needs .
tr	PRES	but after a few silent seconds , Charlie sighs .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and did not make a sound , even as she tore a comb through my knotted hair .
tr	PAST	Without taking his eyes off the floor , he extended an arm and the pendant hanged from his fingertips .
tr	PAST	She wriggled uneasily in her hard wooden rocker .
tr	PAST	She stole your memories .
tr	PRES	Why do you roam so far from your pack ? "
tr	PRES	And then he stops .
tr	PAST	I should 've slapped her for that alone .
tr	PRES	He loves his country and has dedicated his life to serving it . "
tr	PRES	" According to Benny ? "
tr	PRES	It changes somewhat based on the perception of those here .
tr	PAST	Melanie perked up at this mention .
tr	PRES	" One through nine , and then zero . "
tr	PRES	Her beautiful azure , amethyst eyes were bright with anger , gleaming with it .
tr	PAST	We now created a three person spoon , well four , if you counted the doll .
tr	PRES	Having multicolored hair just strikes me as an inability to commit .
tr	PRES	" We 're getting paid too , " she points out .
tr	PAST	" They killed my husband , " she announced .
tr	PAST	But her dreams and fantasies proved that he 'd breached her defenses , and she was going to deal .
tr	PAST	Not waiting for my answer , she tugged them down over my hips while I pulled her shorts and panties off .
tr	PRES	" Good morning , thank you calling the Harvard Cambridge campus .
tr	PRES	" My family hates how blunt I am .
tr	PAST	The steaming water swirled around me when I pressed the button for the Jacuzzi .
tr	PRES	My best friend loves to make guys squirm .
tr	PAST	Eventually I just pretended to be asleep .
tr	PAST	Aiden inched his head over and kissed me so softly , like he was being cautious , and then pulled back .
tr	PRES	He points next door .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , Bryce .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Callie 's drunk , " Seth announces as he lets his hands fall to his lap .
tr	PAST	He downed a fist full of fries .
tr	PRES	* * * * * Jas trudged along the road , his sense of fear mounting .
tr	PRES	" When her mind is ready , " an unfamiliar male voice explains .
tr	PAST	Something inside Travis jolted .
tr	PRES	In fact , he blames it on his bad influence on me .
tr	PAST	" No , " she denied with a shake of her head .
tr	PRES	" Hold on , Reid !
tr	PRES	But , she 'd thought , he truly loves me with the same intensity that I love him .
tr	PRES	A moment later , the glass door opens again .
tr	PAST	Yet Kathy doubted it .
tr	PRES	" The virus . . "
tr	PRES	" She carries twins . "
tr	PAST	A built-in shelving unit with drawers dominated the left side of the room , its shelves stuffed with books .
tr	PAST	" I hear some unresolved anger issues loud and clear , girl , " claimed Ava Jane , leaning into my side .
tr	PRES	Would you kil your own cousin , too ? "
tr	PRES	He had courtly , Old World mannerisms and spoke with an accent she couldn 't quite place .
tr	PAST	A calm stole over her , one sweetly peaceful .
tr	PRES	Holly stands there below me on the path , gazing up , looking incredibly well kept and domesticated in his clean sweater and his pressed slacks .
tr	PRES	Sure enough , Mrs. Sullivan giggles .
tr	PRES	" I made the spare rooms up because I didn 't know what you were doing , " she whispers .
tr	PRES	We ponder my new name for a few miles .
tr	PRES	Realm pushes the kid nearest to him over and grabs a chair for me , sliding it in its place .
tr	PAST	Then Lance yawned and stretched , and she saw half the women in the airport drop their purses and their jaws at the sight of him .
tr	PAST	She topped up the glass with 7-Up .
tr	PAST	He doubted there 'd be more this year , but you never knew .
tr	PAST	" I would guess fireworks , since it reports that it happened on the fourth of July , " Zo stated .
tr	PAST	Evan crouched and took over petting the dogs .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with one of his cufflinks and then continued , " You should be concerned about my expectations for you , my desire for you .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I 'm not blind anymore ... I 'm wide awake Everything does happen for a reason .
tr	PRES	Glancing to his left he appraised the large main door .
tr	PAST	The man hopped up gratefully and went to go get the local volunteer search and rescue squad on the horn .
tr	PRES	But when the tip reached the warrior , it embedded in his arm .
tr	PAST	The lack of zombies bothered him , but he wasn 't about to complain , not after Albuquerque .
tr	PRES	Stone and Wentworth stood up , the latter feigning politeness , while Stone was about to protest .
tr	PRES	" Maybe kinda ? "
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to the clock on the coffee maker and then to the front door .
tr	PRES	" Oh my god , " she breathes .
tr	PRES	" Could you provide me a list of homeless and battered women 's shelters in the area ? "
tr	PAST	Rachel exclaimed , " We can 't go running around the airport dressed like this .
tr	PAST	She leaped upon the offending soldier , locking her legs around his waist .
tr	PRES	I hiss as I see the silver door open and I grab his arm .
tr	PRES	I stared down at the picture Cassidy had sent him , a mirror snap in some fancy dressing room .
tr	PRES	" My species measures our lives differently .
tr	PAST	" Burns ... " he rasped .
tr	PRES	" Make it go away , " I murmur as I feel the need rise within me .
tr	PRES	She glides up until we 're eye to eye .
tr	PRES	" Say ' no ' Duncan .
tr	PAST	The archangel exhaled audibly , a soft but chastising sound .
tr	PRES	He breathes me in and then closes the space between us .
tr	PAST	I stated , trying to keep my composure .
tr	PAST	Someone else piped up .
tr	PAST	The shadow swung over him , enfolded him .
tr	PRES	The hatch opens and I run right out and onto the porch .
tr	PRES	It shone more brightly , the light nearly blinding me .
tr	PRES	" Kaitlyn , how are you , sweetie ? "
tr	PAST	Blake tipped the brim of the cap at Gail and then looked back at Chuck .
tr	PRES	One of them stops to pick them up and , just like that , they are gone .
tr	PRES	With crystal lucidity , he recognizes himself leaning against his parents garden railings .
tr	PRES	She immediately bellows , the flair of anger familiar to her father .
tr	PRES	" State Department . "
tr	PAST	" If you could tell us where you 're trying to go , we could take you , " Ken volunteered .
tr	PRES	" Helium , oxygen , trace CO2 and water vapor .
tr	PAST	He motioned for a redhead to follow him ; his wife , I guessed .
tr	PAST	Our shadows wavered over asphalt and concrete , merging , separating , then merging again .
tr	PRES	" Stay away from my dogs , dragon !
tr	PRES	Who carries the baby ?
tr	PAST	She elbowed him playfully .
tr	PRES	They shone brightly as they devoured all they saw .
tr	PAST	Bea again messed with something inside her coat .
tr	PRES	Kyle throws the duffle bag over his shoulder and says , " I 'll see you in a couple months . "
tr	PRES	The March breeze blows strands of hair across her face , partially masking her eyes .
tr	PAST	Simon must have sensed her unease .
tr	PRES	he mutters to himself as he slows his horse and reigns it back in her direction .
tr	PAST	Upon seeing the size of the crowd he immediately sought refuge behind the big trash bin .
tr	PRES	" It stands up adequately .
tr	PAST	As she slapped at his hands and voiced her disapproval of his actions , she quickly tugged her clothing back in place .
tr	PRES	June uses a small sword I practiced with when I was little .
tr	PAST	I rinsed and dried my hands .
tr	PRES	Dad quickly revved up the car 's engine and hung up the speaker on the pole .
tr	PRES	Well , that changes everything . "
tr	PRES	Broken , bloody , lifeless body .
tr	PRES	Show me what you can do , my father 's ghost whispers .
tr	PAST	Harry squinted , looking ahead .
tr	PRES	Along the left side of the next street , the buildings lean over each other making the small alley more like a rocky canyon .
tr	PAST	As soon as she hit the bottom , the ladder zipped up the wall and vanished through the opening , leaving us in near blackness .
tr	PRES	Tomorrow , reality returns .
tr	PRES	Finally , she opens her eyes and turns her head a little .
tr	PRES	" Wait , " he murmurs against my lips .
tr	PAST	She braved his sarcasm .
tr	PAST	He seized him by the throat with one hand , and squeezed .
tr	PRES	" A witch ? "
tr	PAST	When he wore jeans and a white tee shirt , he bore a strong resemblance to the bald guy on a bottle of cleanser .
tr	PRES	What code words could a distressed four-year old possibly know -- " " Enough ! "
tr	PAST	Please don 't let it be the cute redhead , I prayed .
tr	PRES	He stands and refills my coffee before clearing the table .
tr	PAST	Bobo resigned himself to a painful conversation .
tr	PRES	" And if you really want to accelerate the healing , add some of your blood .
tr	PAST	Sophie stiffened at first and then relaxed into his chest .
tr	PRES	She hates you as much as I do .
tr	PRES	Especially Rand al ' Thor .
tr	PRES	" Jane Lilith , " Eve mumbled .
tr	PAST	Skylar motioned with his hand .
tr	PRES	" Not here , I hope , " he teased .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Riva ? '
tr	PRES	" Out with it , captain . "
tr	PAST	It dumped into another long passageway with a railway track and an idle conveyor belt .
tr	PAST	She shudders as a strange feeling that she is being watched washes over her .
tr	PRES	" How sad , Byron .
tr	PAST	I eyed him carefully .
tr	PAST	Mitch tipped him generously .
tr	PRES	" He probably sneaks into movie theaters for every old showing . "
tr	PAST	She inhaled a shaky breath .
tr	PRES	My head begins to hurt as I realize I have kept my teeth clenched tightly as we make our way through the carnage .
tr	PRES	He pushes my hand away .
tr	PRES	" And the sexiest .
tr	PRES	She pauses , arms resting above her head , simply staring at the ceiling above for a moment .
tr	PRES	And a good supper .
tr	PAST	They emerged onto the slope of Angel Island , with a prime view of the San Francisco skyline .
tr	PRES	Didn 't their mothers teach them any better ? "
tr	PRES	" Aly , " I mumbled through a groan , my face buried in her chest .
tr	PAST	Before I could stop him , Scott whipped out a Swiss Army knife and drove it into his thigh .
tr	PRES	He brings me to the cabin .
tr	PAST	No , I lied , and I made sure my camera lied .
tr	PAST	Then the leaches sniffed the air around them .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , " Fine . "
tr	PRES	He shudders at the memory .
tr	PAST	I 'll be right back , " he announced , jumping up , tray in hand , headed for the kitchen .
tr	PAST	She hopped up when she saw her .
tr	PRES	" We both , um ... " she tried again .
tr	PRES	" Please forgive me , Harmonia .
tr	PAST	He tugged me closer and kissed my hair .
tr	PRES	He cleverly snuck Chad out of his bedroom and out of the house completely .
tr	PAST	The cop eyed him suspiciously , but he finally gave a nod and took down their accounts .
tr	PRES	A spritely ray of orange sunlight strikes his left eye , immediately invoking images of the fire that burned his face ten years ago .
tr	PAST	Women served a purpose , a very important purpose , but still just a purpose .
tr	PRES	He winks and squeezes my hand .
tr	PAST	Four uniformed CPD officers stepped around her .
tr	PRES	When we 're outside again , I lean against the warehouse , catching my breath , accepting the canteen of water from Boggs .
tr	PRES	It carries the scent of burning sage , a scent we associate with happy occasions , like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals .
tr	PAST	Well , Elissa munched .
tr	PRES	She uses a fountain pen too , which impresses the holy hell out of me .
tr	PRES	He likes military crap . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , Mason , " Olivia whispers .
tr	PAST	Taking several deep breaths , he willed his body to cool down and then looked at her .
tr	PAST	The thought of him leaving her alone in his home unsettled her .
tr	PRES	I feed from her because I can trust her and because she demands nothing from me . "
tr	PAST	I tugged frantically to no avail .
tr	PRES	She stretches out her hand and , with her index finger , pulls back the collar of his shirt to see his tattoo .
tr	PAST	That slowed him down a bit .
tr	PAST	None of my boyfriends ever hit me , " she countered but couldn 't look at him .
tr	PRES	But I assume you 've had a life the last year or so , away from here .
tr	PRES	Her hands still flailing in front of her , she begged herself not to panic .
tr	PRES	He was short and thin , his anxious eyes watery .
tr	PRES	Until one night Abbas had whispered across their room , ' Hey , Altair ? '
tr	PAST	Pulling her hat further down anger and embarrassment washed through her , recognising them as the two who 'd humiliated month 's earlier in the Hippodrome .
tr	PAST	I sensed this was a low blow .
tr	PRES	Then , one of the horses sees the dark opening and runs towards the fallen stallion .
tr	PRES	She reaches into her purse and takes out the car keys .
tr	PRES	Laughter reaches out , playing tricks with her ears .
tr	PRES	He passes down the judgments based upon what is most convenient for his campaigns .
tr	PRES	" A doll ? "
tr	PRES	He handcuffed all three of them and squeezed them in the backseat .
tr	PAST	Henry gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Gordon , that damn asswipe , treated her like she didn 't matter .
tr	PRES	" So Rach , you have to tell us , what the hell happened ? "
tr	PRES	Hit it with your knee if your hands are full . "
tr	PAST	Now that it was gone , I mourned its loss a bit .
tr	PAST	The corridor curved , leading deeper into the heart of the Gard .
tr	PRES	A guy with pink cheeks and floppy brown hair throws his coat on top of mine .
tr	PAST	She hopped down to the ground .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped when she saw who it was from .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I put my hand over my heart .
tr	PAST	The wood split with a satisfying thunk .
tr	PAST	Noelle stifled a resigned sigh .
tr	PRES	Across the flames that had crackled and lit , I 'd witnessed it in her eyes , had felt it pierce me somewhere deep .
tr	PRES	Sebastian walked up to the start of the sign , the letters towering over him .
tr	PRES	" Are you okay , Spence ? "
tr	PAST	I proceeded to fold them and then walked them back to his room .
tr	PRES	He sighs and paces the floor , not wanting to agree to my desperate plea .
tr	PRES	He frowns , his muscles stiffening .
tr	PRES	" No , " I murmur , our lips touching .
tr	PAST	Rich cheered him on .
tr	PRES	The vines whipped and wrapped their bodies .
tr	PRES	It lacks the screams of dying men and disemboweled horses .
tr	PRES	Holy fuck , where had this come from ?
tr	PAST	" Knock it off , JoJo .
tr	PAST	Even the aftershocks of the tagging stole my breath .
tr	PRES	My words were cruel , heartless even , but I 'd meant them to be .
tr	PAST	Betty cheered a bit at the sight of the main road lined with buildings , half of them made of stone .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and pulled off the nail fragment to keep it from snagging on my sock .
tr	PRES	" You clumsy fool . "
tr	PRES	Chase touches my elbow , and it makes my skin crawl .
tr	PAST	Christina says , her wounded leg propped up on a pillow .
tr	PRES	Day 's eyes linger on the ruby necklace sitting at the small of my throat .
tr	PAST	" They destroyed their own planet ; do you honestly think they care about others ?
tr	PRES	" Oh , it never stops . "
tr	PAST	Jenna leaped over and gave her friend a big hug .
tr	PAST	" Maybe he fled without , um , permission ? "
tr	PAST	Abruptly , Garn stiffened , turning his gaze inwards .
tr	PRES	" Three kilometers . "
tr	PRES	" Is that what you think , Raven ? "
tr	PRES	Something was ready , something about time ... " Caleb , " I said , my voice hoarse from exhaustion and disuse .
tr	PAST	' I hope you haven 't been smoking in the car , ' he persisted , and closed his eyes again .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PRES	" What if Daniel fails ? "
tr	PRES	He exits through a side door .
tr	PAST	I just scribbled away while you stood in the corner laughing your ass off .
tr	PAST	One night and you wrecked my world .
tr	PRES	She stands , and I see her feet leave the floor , as she stretches over the banister that is at least half her height .
tr	PAST	His pale green eyes reflected the weak rays of the early morning sun , glazed , vacant , and bleak .
tr	PRES	A small voice of doubt whispers .
tr	PAST	Then one day he slapped me , and I really lost my temper .
tr	PAST	It is up to you to decide , " she rasped .
tr	PRES	Again , he stands motionless .
tr	PRES	" Gas masks ? "
tr	PRES	" He was a nice guy , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	Bowing again , they returned the way they had come , silhouettes swaying with the gentle rock of the ship .
tr	PAST	" I 've never lied to you , Derek .
tr	PAST	They giggled like a pair of schoolgirls .
tr	PAST	Miranda plopped down on the sofa .
tr	PRES	He sighs and nods .
tr	PAST	Exact same office layout as here apart from the reception area .
tr	PRES	Data streams down either side of the image , but none of us pay it a single iota of attention .
tr	PRES	The Amish store on the way to Libby sells a few of them . "
tr	PAST	Jon thanked her with some folded bills and told her to keep it .
tr	PAST	Everyone panicked , trying to brush the spiders off as quickly as possible .
tr	PRES	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Deep below the polar ice cap , the last great research station stands on high alert .
tr	PRES	" A Dauntless leader shot a Candor child in the head , " I snap .
tr	PAST	The old vampire 's voice boomed around her although she could not see him .
tr	PRES	He disappears behind the door and I hear more shuffling followed by sounds of several different book avalanches .
tr	PRES	He stops a few feet from us and begins to take us in .
tr	PAST	Fair haired , a chin that receded more than he liked and a moustache he 'd been trying to grow for weeks .
tr	PAST	" What about fingerprints on the Lincoln ? "
tr	PAST	He matched his pace to her much smaller one , and she glanced down , realizing she was still clad in only her underwear and his shirt .
tr	PAST	He attended me at all times except in the ceremony itself ; fussing around me , somewhere between a father and a servant .
tr	PAST	Still the tour proved informative .
tr	PRES	His skin is pockmarked and dry , a single purple vein throbs and bulges on this forehead .
tr	PRES	Spiked , dyed black-and-white hair , purple floor-length extensions , billowy capes , knee-high black boots , and Morticia dresses .
tr	PRES	I ponder that for a few moments .
tr	PAST	" Y ' impress me with your gumption , " Ryker stated , his thick accent becoming easier to understand .
tr	PAST	" You staked a Guardian vampire while he was biting you .
tr	PRES	Hence the carefully concealing layers of wool and cashmere .
tr	PAST	Her phone chimed again .
tr	PAST	I tipped him double and we rushed upstairs .
tr	PAST	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Detective Dirk Gregory yawned and stretched .
tr	PRES	" Oh spare me . "
tr	PAST	He froze and they stared at one another for a moment .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head toward my dog-eared course catalog .
tr	PAST	" So , you 're a werewolf , " she stated .
tr	PAST	She peeled her sports bra and panties off , her sweat acted like an adhesive .
tr	PAST	His black clothes rustled as he moved to his knees .
tr	PAST	I exhaled the smallest breath of relief , fighting hard against a delirious giggle .
tr	PAST	I handled the whole thing badly .
tr	PAST	He sensed movement around him and knew that others were approaching , but he was incapable of taking his eyes off of the thing before him .
tr	PRES	The " all puffed up " syndrome .
tr	PAST	But she squinted up at him .
tr	PRES	" Maybe not in America , " Mia levels a glance at me .
tr	PAST	I looked up at him and blinked away the disorientation his speed created .
tr	PAST	" I don 't have a family , " I lied unconvincingly , quickening my pace .
tr	PAST	Hidden speakers exploded in rousing fanfare as the curtains opened revealing the madness on display .
tr	PAST	Selma painted on a smile and pretended to blow off the feeling of being watched .
tr	PAST	Then another sister-in-law rinsed them clean .
tr	PAST	The truth , along with fear , reflected in her light blue eyes .
tr	PRES	" Every tabloid in the stands . "
tr	PAST	Satisfied , Surreal glided to the small dining table near the glass doors and sent a thought to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Max withdrew from her with a frown .
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked over her clit , with just enough pressure that she could feel the faint quivers of another orgasm .
tr	PRES	I scoff at this wedding .
tr	PRES	He reaches up and touches where the gauze sits on his forehead covering his cut .
tr	PRES	Reece mumbled a response .
tr	PRES	Sometimes a year or two passes between them .
tr	PRES	Knowledge of our race protects its own . "
tr	PAST	Jordan cheered from outside the gates .
tr	PAST	He doubted she could hear him over the roar of the ocean .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PRES	We both crack up .
tr	PRES	Amar wraps his arms around George , and George thumps his back with a fist .
tr	PRES	" When I 'm at readings with my mom , and she needs to get focused , she holds my hand .
tr	PAST	" No , please ... " she begged , hating herself and the pleading quality of her own voice .
tr	PAST	I 'm sensing a pattern here , " I joked , referring to the butterfly necklace that still hung around my neck .
tr	PAST	" Yes , that would be a very good idea , " she concurred .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	" What kinda batteries ? "
tr	PAST	" Yeah , screw her . "
tr	PAST	They advanced on Roth .
tr	PAST	But then given his confident , seductive walk , she doubted if even baggy jeans could hide such raw , overt sexiness .
tr	PRES	There 's a monitor beside the bed , beeping with every breath she inhales .
tr	PAST	He hefted the suitcases higher and walked out of the studio , his sneakers slapping softly on the dusty wood floor .
tr	PAST	A workable plan emerged .
tr	PAST	Jared palmed the front of my thighs .
tr	PAST	Then , when they lost , they endured an eternity of slavery anyway .
tr	PAST	The little scrubbing light zipped out of the hall and began its task on the red specks on the ground .
tr	PRES	He points and says , " About ten minutes down that road , but we are not going there , okay ? "
tr	PAST	" Mr. Lindsay , I assure you that I am not your mom .
tr	PAST	I exhale , nodding .
tr	PRES	He bangs on the door and shouts , " Wake up , Mari .
tr	PAST	But nothing bounced back , except the mindless trees at his feet .
tr	PRES	That explains Mrs. Beale . "
tr	PAST	He abandoned the clothing search , picked up the gun and got to his feet .
tr	PAST	" Cruel Psyche , cruel Psyche , " I sobbed .
tr	PAST	I phoned Sophie 's number on my phone and saw her touch her leg .
tr	PRES	He presses into me , and I feel like I can 't breathe .
tr	PRES	Cooper snaps , disgusted that I would say that .
tr	PRES	She stops in front of me with her arms folded .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps he wishes to enjoy the rest of his days in comfort . "
tr	PAST	" And they say chivalry is dead , " Rina joked .
tr	PAST	My stomach pitched and rolled .
tr	PAST	Every time it went away , she dared to hope that it would not come back .
tr	PRES	Fiona pushes the camera in her direction .
tr	PRES	He dreaded that Jess 's mysterious talent might have something to do with mind casting .
tr	PRES	" If that 's true then Neil overreacted ? "
tr	PAST	Below the road , a cliff plunged into the water .
tr	PAST	And then his fury exploded .
tr	PAST	It vibrated from the heartbeat of its owner as gravity attempted to drag it to its inevitable end .
tr	PAST	I instructed my voice to form a greeting , but I had apparently forgotten every word I knew in the English language .
tr	PAST	' Evan transferred to Stanford , ' Sara stated , still staring at me .
tr	PAST	A traditional two-story home , its porch curved away from the street and wrapped around toward the back .
tr	PAST	With her group of friends , she hacked into the database in the intelligence agency and posted the pictures of kittens there .
tr	PRES	A pet deserves to be welcomed and wanted unconditionally .
tr	PAST	Another ear-splitting screech announced a train coming into the M4 station .
tr	PRES	" Good to see you , Gran .
tr	PAST	She toyed with her keys .
tr	PRES	" Chris Cooper , " Jake mumbled .
tr	PRES	" Very well -- good call , Cecelia . "
tr	PAST	My father tipped his chin down as he scribbled on the pad .
tr	PRES	The careful regard he showed for whatever he was doing at the moment .
tr	PAST	Her teeth smacked together .
tr	PAST	Gone the moment Marlene tenderly enfolded her in the blanket of the Kelly name .
tr	PRES	I appreciate that you 've waited a hundred and twenty years to see Veronique , but show some common sense , you idiot . "
tr	PRES	Eva enters carrying a syringe .
tr	PRES	I crane my neck to look over my shoulder at the heel of my sneaker as he pushes the button to my floor .
tr	PAST	She mumbled a curse under her breath .
tr	PRES	Fox attempts to high-five me but I ignore him .
tr	PRES	Crying out in abandon as he filled her with his shaft .
tr	PAST	Mage denied it with a small shake of her head .
tr	PRES	With the excitement of a young child who had just discovered something wonderful , Mira explains , " Our spirits are miraculous .
tr	PRES	Says the water calms him . "
tr	PAST	" Don 't even think about it , Charlie , " exclaimed Michael , already understanding what Charlie was thinking .
tr	PAST	Mail rings shattered and scattered over the tiles as the First Lord 's sword bit deep .
tr	PRES	We put in our orders then bask in the wonders of one another for the next several minutes .
tr	PAST	Rhea awoke and looked at us with empty dark stares .
tr	PRES	Her voice rises with frustration .
tr	PAST	Rick absorbed this , but did not relent .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the contracts in an empty box I found and hid it in a back corner .
tr	PRES	I swim much faster than I thought I could ; it 's as if the resistance of the water is no longer a hindrance .
tr	PAST	She laughed , the sound carefree , piercing his heart like an arrow .
tr	PAST	Colby clasped his hands behind his back , as she 'd seen him do before .
tr	PRES	Viktor reaches out a hand , but pulls away when he sees that she quietly detracts from it .
tr	PAST	She should have chased the thought while it was fresh .
tr	PRES	" Miss Newberry ? "
tr	PAST	An intricately carved totem pole stood in a corner to the right of George 's desk .
tr	PRES	Storm 's mouth curves into a smirk at my attempt at humor .
tr	PAST	I squinted hard at it , too , trying to remember when it had been taken .
tr	PRES	" Callie , " Kayden suddenly whispers .
tr	PAST	They both froze at her icy tone , neither daring to look at the other .
tr	PRES	The actual word that they used in that verse describes someone who casts spells that do harm to others .
tr	PRES	Similar vibrations attract each other .
tr	PAST	Cole enquired , towering over me .
tr	PAST	It vibrated intensely and shattered into pieces .
tr	PAST	He withdrew enough once a month to pay for farm upkeep , food and take care of any bills .
tr	PRES	He stretches his legs out and yawns , then leans his forehead against the window to get a look at our new home .
tr	PAST	Max froze , his hand in the air , the bottle still to his lips .
tr	PAST	The dwarves stiffened and Grumpy reached for his knife .
tr	PRES	Alex stares at him .
tr	PAST	His walk slowed and his arms tightened .
tr	PAST	He taps it with one fingertip , and an image appears on it .
tr	PRES	With a deep breath , I swing out into the open air .
tr	PRES	I slap his hand and log out of my account before he does something drastic .
tr	PRES	From Dr. Temple Grandin , a bestselling writer with autism .
tr	PRES	He sings so well with village women and knows almost everything about farming .
tr	PRES	The slave camp shrank , patched tents no more than tiny squares of tan from the dizzying altitude .
tr	PAST	She sensed that only sharing it now , with her , would lessen the trauma of his memories .
tr	PRES	" What if it 's really you he likes ? "
tr	PAST	He smoked , as he waited for Peters to return .
tr	PRES	' Like the Hair Loss Fairy ? '
tr	PAST	" I stole her boyfriend . "
tr	PRES	Shara and Cho , less belligerent , padded along behind him .
tr	PAST	A scorching wave of heat washed over Summer as she glided away from the burning barn .
tr	PRES	" Tell it to ' Hold when thrown . ' "
tr	PAST	The marks on the tree proved that the secret hour was real .
tr	PRES	The door opens with a ding , and Raine Harper walks in .
tr	PRES	" Fucker , " he mumbled .
tr	PRES	Rearing its spear back for a powerful thrust , Rift sees no opportunity to escape .
tr	PAST	" Wow , this place is HUGE " he exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" He loves you . "
tr	PRES	I assume you know what they are . "
tr	PAST	In seconds , she zeroed in on several key facts about the stranger in her son 's villa .
tr	PRES	" No overkill there . "
tr	PRES	The Warden returns his attention to the fucking .
tr	PRES	" You armed ? "
tr	PAST	With effort , Francesca inched her body closer to Gabriel 's so that their skin touched .
tr	PRES	Anna grasps the banana on her necklace as if the tiny bead is a talisman .
tr	PAST	It blamed her for not having similar feelings about Mark .
tr	PRES	The others murmur their approval , nodding to one another .
tr	PAST	* * Landing lights pierced the jungle like alien eyes , uncovering the landing pad concealed beneath the foliage .
tr	PRES	I swim over to her , holding my breath .
tr	PRES	" Even after I try and kill you twice , your honour stops you ?
tr	PRES	Some talk show begins and Dad snores through it all , right next to me .
tr	PRES	My lips crash over hers in a heated exchange that sears our lips together .
tr	PAST	Her glow banked to a hard , yellow light as if she were carved of it .
tr	PAST	First he inhaled her scent , and then he licked the blood .
tr	PRES	" He has a gun , " she whispers , checking on Wilf again .
tr	PRES	He folds his arms at his conclusion .
tr	PRES	" In what way interesting , Sire ? "
tr	PRES	" Is there an echo ? "
tr	PAST	" English , then , " he rumbled .
tr	PRES	" Exchange student from Norway .
tr	PRES	" The law changes today .
tr	PRES	" I 'm not prancing , " I mumbled against his mouth .
tr	PRES	" And Vanderbilt begged me to go there .
tr	PRES	As the memory fades away , Aaron chase stops breathing .
tr	PRES	Softly , Steve throws the ball back .
tr	PRES	The band 's tune changes to a marching beat , and the football team runs out .
tr	PAST	Familiar scents layered the air .
tr	PRES	She already carries his genetic code , but she is not fully in our world .
tr	PAST	On the screen , the photos scrolled as they downloaded into the laptop .
tr	PAST	The fireflies claimed they 'd flown for hours and had to be exempted from watch duty that night .
tr	PRES	" yes , reservation for Alexis Garris . "
tr	PAST	I motioned toward a vacant seat .
tr	PRES	He holds it up to the camera .
tr	PAST	Robyn regained her emotions gracefully and dried her cheeks .
tr	PAST	Nixon eyed all of us in the bathroom .
tr	PRES	Despite her curious eyes which glance occasionally toward my abdomen , she remains silent on that subject for which I am grateful .
tr	PRES	And now its the drifts .
tr	PRES	But once you pass this threshold , everything changes .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth in pain as the electricity scorched his skin .
tr	PAST	The glint of humor in the depths of his eyes deepened to total amusement .
tr	PRES	" When you say belong ... you mean ... ? "
tr	PRES	The picker falls back to walk closer to me .
tr	PRES	She frowns and a sob rushes from my throat .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes all three pieces exist in a universe at the same time , as they do now .
tr	PRES	" Ah , Jewell , you underestimate yourself .
tr	PAST	A faceless woman floated through Abbey 's thoughts and she closed her eyes .
tr	PRES	Ha , ha , ha . "
tr	PAST	As Connor leaned back in his chair and looked at the starry sky , Harrison pondered the question .
tr	PAST	" You 'll have to take it , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	She glides into an open archway on the left .
tr	PAST	When he had finished his breakfast he attempted the door once again .
tr	PRES	" A whole bunch , but now that I saw you ... " she looked at her mother sheepishly .
tr	PAST	She Pulled on a pouch on her desk , whipping the coins into her hand .
tr	PRES	' To life , Mr Zombie . '
tr	PRES	Damien 's facade remains intact until the manager and his staff leave .
tr	PAST	" Seventy-five , " he countered , her head jerked slightly before he saw her eyes light and her mouth twitch .
tr	PAST	The woman 's kinked hair bounced as she ran , the grin on her face never leaving .
tr	PRES	Alaric now grasps his left hand .
tr	PRES	We exist outside of time .
tr	PRES	And bit down on her lip savagely to keep herself from screaming .
tr	PRES	Fifty points to me for stealing her diary .
tr	PAST	This produced a frantic wave by Franklin at the nearest waitress , who came over immediately .
tr	PRES	" What other possibility ? "
tr	PRES	" So , from now on , we request him , specifically .
tr	PRES	I urge when he doesn 't answer fast enough .
tr	PRES	The pilot announces that we 'll be arriving in New York in twenty minutes over the intercom .
tr	PRES	She reaches up , touches her face with a trembling hand .
tr	PAST	I bounced on my toes as excitement threatened to make me jump at this chance .
tr	PAST	Dane sniffed and pushed his glasses up his nose .
tr	PRES	" Once you get back to Coruscant , assume command of my troops as if nothing had happened .
tr	PAST	Julia fanned her face with her hand .
tr	PAST	We abandoned them as babies . "
tr	PRES	" In northern Iraq . "
tr	PAST	He eyed me from the other side of the car after I climbed out , leaning his arm against the roof .
tr	PAST	I lied to you when I said I didn 't know anything about them .
tr	PRES	Sinners swim in lakes of lava - lava , lava , lava .
tr	PRES	" So God helps , then we head home , to planet Earth , right ? "
tr	PAST	" I don 't like being spied on , " she countered quickly .
tr	PRES	With my bare hand , I rip the rusted padlock from the door and the door creaks open .
tr	PRES	" Hey , " Zeke hisses .
tr	PRES	He hisses as she grabs it .
tr	PRES	To buy an outfit that would leave him speechless .
tr	PRES	She taunts , " Tell me .
tr	PAST	Devon shrugged as he slid his hands into his pockets , his mouth curved in a cruel smile .
tr	PAST	Somewhere in the distance , thunder rumbled , but no lightning flashed afterward .
tr	PRES	Cagney stands at the podium right next to the speaker .
tr	PRES	Think of it as a sorry I screwed up your life gift . ' '
tr	PAST	Shana squealed with joy and hugged Alison excitedly , then hugged her brother-in-law to be .
tr	PRES	" Aunts , uncles , cousins .
tr	PAST	Tex froze and then slowly turned his murderous gaze on me .
tr	PAST	" Oh , stop , " Aunt Marilyn slapped Sophie on the arm .
tr	PAST	The Adventure of Jack Page 255 37 .
tr	PAST	Minutes ticked by as impatience crawled up Blake 's spine .
tr	PRES	A strange compulsion to spill my guts tries to overtake me , but I bash it back down .
tr	PAST	My ribs seized against every attempt to fill my lungs .
tr	PRES	We 've come too far to turn back now , " she explains , attempting to motivate him .
tr	PAST	Alita and I exited my room and Alita sat down while Atticus poured her a glass of wine .
tr	PAST	" She sought therapy several weeks ago , and made several appointments before her disappearance . "
tr	PRES	She hates embarrassing scenes .
tr	PAST	The orb collapsed in a sudden metallic crunch .
tr	PAST	" You 're just too funny , sweetheart , " she giggled .
tr	PRES	Blythe arches an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	He releases my arms as he buckles to the ground .
tr	PAST	No call awoke the echoes ; yet suddenly the night grew tense and the jungle held its breath .
tr	PRES	I peel my gaze from the sky to meet his eyes .
tr	PAST	A sigh of relief washed over me when she said that .
tr	PAST	He simply trusted that we would send for him .
tr	PRES	Without messengers , this whole world , everything , just falls apart .
tr	PAST	He froze as shock filled him .
tr	PRES	But when I do , I snap to attention .
tr	PRES	Closing her eyes , Serena tries concentrating on something peaceful , like pink waves at sundown .
tr	PAST	I incline my head towards the sculpture , noting her embarrassment as she picks it up .
tr	PAST	Then he clipped , " Okay . "
tr	PAST	He shuffled and waddled his way to his customary spot upon the woodland clearing , and set up his picnic .
tr	PAST	She stares at me with those tiger eyes and I dart upright on the bed .
tr	PAST	" Mom , I dreamed about David . "
tr	PAST	One by one the specialists reported to Gumshoe and left .
tr	PRES	And then he whipped me .
tr	PAST	In another minute the gan emerged onto the roof beside him .
tr	PAST	Not like that , " Tory fumed , pacing about the room .
tr	PRES	" Any comments ? "
tr	PAST	It was all too much , and not nearly enough , Maggie in my room , the energy in the air charged but relaxed .
tr	PAST	In no hurry , Claire ambled down the aisle .
tr	PRES	All of a sudden , the elevator door opens and a soldier enters the room , breaking the spell .
tr	PAST	But the Hall inched closer .
tr	PAST	" Oh , yes , and knitting classes , too . "
tr	PAST	Her teeth chattered , with cold or fear or both .
tr	PAST	With a sigh she trudged past her friend on her way to her office .
tr	PRES	The two vanish into the darkness .
tr	PAST	By the time he 'd entered manhood , no one dared to mock his birth or impugn his mother 's memory or honor .
tr	PRES	From the very top he sees a few rooftops framing gold tiers of nearby fields and the playground two blocks away , and a lot of sky .
tr	PAST	Fin 's breath fanned her ear when he spoke .
tr	PRES	" Trust me on this , Amaranth . "
tr	PAST	She scoffed in response .
tr	PAST	" Yes , four , " Brock reiterated .
tr	PAST	He dusted it off and took it out to the garden .
tr	PRES	He slides his hand up and down the smooth inside of the door .
tr	PRES	They celebrate what 's there , and should we not all do the same ?
tr	PAST	Before she was able to reach him , he redirected her once more through the home 's backyard entrance with a piercing glare .
tr	PRES	In front , flashes of lightning pierce the sea .
tr	PRES	It changes nothing . "
tr	PRES	He stops , lifts his injured foot off the ground , yanks out the overly creased sheet of codes and quickly punches in the code .
tr	PAST	She received a cold glare for her efforts .
tr	PRES	Can you ever forgive me ? "
tr	PAST	We hopped the wall and descended into dense and swampy underbrush .
tr	PRES	The thing lurches out of a side passage , a monstrosity of white fur and slavering fangs .
tr	PAST	" Ma ma advised me to do so , al the way back at half past twelve .
tr	PRES	I whipped my head around .
tr	PRES	" No , a thousand crowns .
tr	PAST	He inched forward before he came to settle behind me .
tr	PAST	She flicked the tip of her tongue across his finger .
tr	PRES	Some nights it falls in silence , and some nights the storms howl and throw down blankets . "
tr	PAST	" Ok , let 's take a break , " Devon announced .
tr	PAST	Michael exclaimed when they reached it and climbed up .
tr	PRES	Push red button for eject ! "
tr	PAST	A long silence prevailed until Ross spoke , a note of disgust in his voice .
tr	PAST	Gripping the wheel with her free hand , she inhaled , her nostrils filling with the scent of sand and sun cream .
tr	PRES	Cole glances back at me and gives a bitter laugh .
tr	PAST	I exited and climbed back into my borrowed car .
tr	PAST	A hairless man , covered with blood , extended his arm toward me , only the hand was missing !
tr	PAST	The ghostly form absorbed Cage 's human features as he released a sharp whistle .
tr	PAST	The Inquisition advanced ominously on the sea people .
tr	PRES	" Because ... " Mage paused , resignation settling on her face .
tr	PAST	He flattened himself against the wall and peeked around the corner of the door .
tr	PRES	Then he lies back on the bed and closes his eyes .
tr	PAST	I dreamed about the characters from my book running across the moors as children .
tr	PAST	" Slave driver , " he teased , kissing her temple .
tr	PAST	He positively glowed with the news .
tr	PAST	Everyone cheered again and started drinking .
tr	PRES	The symbol stretches out and down , like God 's omnipotent power .
tr	PRES	" The boss likes pretty girls . "
tr	PAST	" I made it , " he exclaimed .
tr	PAST	The last rays of sunlight bleed around the horizon line as it is devoured by the landscape .
tr	PAST	After the vitamins " lost their effect , " she elected to go back on the medication , but began abusing the substance .
tr	PAST	Jax froze halfway into the cab .
tr	PRES	It helps to keep me fit . "
tr	PRES	Thirty seconds later , my phone buzzes again .
tr	PAST	Throwing his cape over his shoulders , he flicked a glance at the door , tearing it off the hinges .
tr	PRES	Dr. Ming 's accident remains a secret until after the press conference .
tr	PAST	He wriggled his eyebrows at me , waiting for my giggle that didn 't come .
tr	PRES	She pays the management company from this checking account .
tr	PRES	Light shone dimly , dissipating oddly ; it was as if she could hear it as whispers that rustled away into depths .
tr	PAST	The things some folks are willing to do , well , they bothered him a bit .
tr	PRES	With both arms extended in a calming gesture , she ceases her advance for the time being .
tr	PAST	Thankfully his muscular arm snaked out and pulled her close , just in time to save her from falling into the bathtub .
tr	PRES	" Don 't sweat it , sis , and you 're welcome . "
tr	PAST	God how I feared it .
tr	PRES	" The silent film actress , " Allyson explains .
tr	PRES	" Two-thirds of your heart lies to the left of your sternum .
tr	PAST	he defended himself animatedly and then punched me very gently in the shoulder , pushing my back against the locker , but not in an unkind way .
tr	PAST	Chapter 16 Eyes narrowed , hands resting on his knees , Lucien , Master of the Italian Fortress , regarded the woman standing before him .
tr	PAST	Soon the boar 's horns pierced through the wall .
tr	PRES	Her perfume fills my nostrils .
tr	PAST	Trash piled up on the side of the street and the stench of rotting food and human waste filled the air .
tr	PAST	" Stephanie , wake up , " he urged , shaking her some more .
tr	PAST	Bonnie 's heart leaped into her throat .
tr	PRES	Then he bursts out laughing .
tr	PRES	That afforded Janie more time to spend with Dillon .
tr	PAST	" That shit , " he fumed .
tr	PAST	Nick shuffled some files , trying to keep himself busy .
tr	PRES	" Too bad , because that 's exactly what I plan to do , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	" The Source does not live our lives for us , but inspires us , pushes us onwards .
tr	PRES	My shoulders relax when I realize it is manageable enough to bear for a while .
tr	PRES	He pushes an ankle up and holds it there as he slides inside of me .
tr	PRES	She holds her arms behind her back twisting her fingers together nervously .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand for a handshake , unwilling to take a chance of looking feminine with a hug .
tr	PRES	Aidan puffs out his chest just like a male bird during mating season .
tr	PRES	' What fish ? '
tr	PRES	he whispers the minute I 'm close .
tr	PAST	The Cane reversed his grip on the weapon .
tr	PRES	He whipped his body around and kicked his legs as he was lifted closer to the tulip 's sucking mouth .
tr	PRES	He points them back toward the house , and George Holly shepherds the other buyer in that direction .
tr	PRES	His reaction completely throws me for a loop .
tr	PAST	Fortunately , the Lamia defeated the orc by striking him with a baseball bat .
tr	PAST	For the first time in four years , Lillian wept tears of joy instead of bitterness .
tr	PAST	Her smoke scribbled arabesques that looked like the Persian alphabet .
tr	PRES	she mumbled , her voice husky with sleep .
tr	PAST	We hopped back in the car , and headed out .
tr	PAST	It reflected the sunlight , throwing out colourful sparkles of light in all directions .
tr	PRES	That squeal of a giant hinge .
tr	PRES	To tempt us into attempting a rescue . '
tr	PRES	She glances at her short nails , which she 's been biting obsessively .
tr	PAST	" Good , " grunted Damon .
tr	PAST	From when they had left the creek , he estimated they had around forty minutes left .
tr	PRES	" It helps calm my nerves , that 's all . "
tr	PAST	I adjusted my chair so I was sitting up .
tr	PAST	Still , Chance and Shannon thanked me , so they must have been hungry .
tr	PRES	" You 're awful violent today , " Alice teased .
tr	PAST	Taking her phone from her pocket , Jo dialed 911 .
tr	PAST	He stiffened when he saw her , his eyes flashed fiercely in the light ; hunger blossomed in their brilliant emerald depths .
tr	PAST	" Of course I can , " sniffed Dean .
tr	PAST	I collapsed against the soft mattress .
tr	PRES	Should I proceed ? "
tr	PRES	" Why so glum ? "
tr	PRES	As if he 'd drawn shutters down , to keep others from sensing his emotions .
tr	PAST	I would have skipped if I could .
tr	PAST	The lights dimmed , and the crowd went wild .
tr	PAST	Before He , the Son , and the Holy Spirit made earth , They created a group of special beings called Angels .
tr	PRES	" The chair recognizes the gentleman from North Platte . "
tr	PRES	She stretches like a sated cat .
tr	PAST	Another of his shouts pierced the air and seemed to cut through plaster and rock , wrapping around her .
tr	PRES	" Ha , ha , ha ... " Claire said .
tr	PRES	She loves you , Max .
tr	PAST	Reed 's frown deepened and his grip on the phone tightened .
tr	PAST	Watching along the deck Calvin 's airing T-shirt flapped and ... ' Oh no ! '
tr	PRES	Lying down he sighs to himself and allows his eyes to wander around the dirty room .
tr	PAST	And then he suddenly withdrew those magic fingers .
tr	PAST	Their ears perked up , but they didn 't turn toward me .
tr	PAST	I swirled my tongue a little harder this time , then gently slid a finger inside her .
tr	PRES	' So , off home for the holidays ? '
tr	PAST	The fleeing steam created an enormous vacuum that sucked millions of gallons of seawater downward into contact with the magma .
tr	PAST	He sought asylum in a pine tree 's height .
tr	PAST	" What misunderstanding ? "
tr	PAST	Gregor hopped to his feet .
tr	PAST	That afternoon the lookout reported a small boat was approaching the ship and reported there were only two people on board .
tr	PRES	But no , this key fits the second door as well .
tr	PAST	Science Project So you split them up .
tr	PRES	Disappointment washes over me as I stare at the brick and mortar that blocks our path signaling the end of our journey .
tr	PAST	A couple of vending machines advertised Coke and Pepsi in the corner .
tr	PRES	She glances around with this look of " Don 't you dare ! "
tr	PAST	She charged up to the cockpit where Justus and the blonde woman now sat .
tr	PAST	And yet again it proved correct , for not long after daybreak , Betty appeared .
tr	PRES	I snuck pizza into the bedroom once Jeremy was asleep .
tr	PAST	" Packed up her stuff , cleaned out our bank accounts , and ran .
tr	PAST	He projected his own fear of her rejection of his love into a stupid theory until he drove her away .
tr	PRES	In Tartarus , a divine dungeon .
tr	PAST	Apparently , it functions as a wondrous preventive because nothing deters crime so much here as the fear of getting caught .
tr	PAST	Fury vibrated in his words .
tr	PRES	" So you steal your sister 's mail , too ? "
tr	PRES	Then , the pain in my shoulder begins .
tr	PAST	A man , his smooth bald head reflecting the morning light , reclined lazily on a set of steps a short distance away .
tr	PRES	The chair next to me squeaks .
tr	PRES	And then , just as I feared , the baby falls : It hits the pavement and shatters into a thousand pieces , like a china doll .
tr	PRES	While Chad 's words and his attitude toward her didn 't come as a surprise , it still stung .
tr	PAST	His smile deepened and the promise in his eyes intensified .
tr	PRES	But when I open the door to go down , trying to explore , Tedd slams the door so I wouldn 't .
tr	PAST	His smile lessened at my words .
tr	PAST	She dialed Rachel 's number , hoping she might be able to tell her what was going on .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and met his gaze .
tr	PAST	" Watch or leave , " Nolen stated to the soldier .
tr	PAST	Marta leaped to a low branch and swung down toward Pyotr .
tr	PAST	Words emerged from the static , crackling in his earphones : " ... masuk control !
tr	PAST	Humans and animals glowed a soft color her father had once called red .
tr	PRES	" Not a scalpel , you idiot .
tr	PAST	And then it transformed .
tr	PRES	Every day someone brings me another story .
tr	PAST	The noise subsided which paved way for her to be heard again .
tr	PRES	She merely lies there , staring into the distance . "
tr	PRES	Pox slows the carriage .
tr	PRES	" Listen to me , " someone whispers .
tr	PRES	Half of Mom 's mouth rises .
tr	PAST	Kristie cringed in revulsion as the zombie bounced off the front grill and over the hood .
tr	PRES	Charlie stops in the gloom and takes me by the shoulder and turns me around and looks me in me eyes .
tr	PAST	And you quit there !
tr	PAST	My father grunted and nodded .
tr	PAST	Myles eyed her as if he couldn 't quite figure out what was going through her head .
tr	PRES	" Unit one and two , assume standard pacification formation . "
tr	PAST	Once inside , the man spouted off a few more sentences in Spanish .
tr	PAST	He yawned again and saw them in Chicago , strolling shops on Michigan Avenue two weekends ago .
tr	PRES	" Juliette , " he whispers .
tr	PAST	I scoffed at that in disbelief but then thought on it .
tr	PRES	The firelight shone on her skin , golden and perfect , making her look like some radiant goddess of legend .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	My life and work here fills my time now .
tr	PRES	A delicate , smooth shoulder shone from her ripped dress , and there was animal terror in her gaze .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	PAST	T is far enough , " her brother , Duncan , announced as he brought their horses to a stop .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to get a hold of her , itched to get her away from Ashby 's grasp .
tr	PRES	Tires on the blacktop , engine noise , exhaust pipes .
tr	PRES	" What film ? "
tr	PAST	I risked another glance .
tr	PAST	Besides , I far preferred him to Doubting Thomas .
tr	PAST	The show featured established artists , as well as up-and-coming ones , and craft artisans of every kind .
tr	PRES	" I think they do it on purpose , " I add quietly .
tr	PAST	It matched her eyes .
tr	PAST	He cringed to think what the rest of his foot looked like .
tr	PAST	Julio slapped him on the shoulder , almost pitching him into the pool .
tr	PAST	Many superstitious criminals referred to Shadow as " the death 's messenger " .
tr	PAST	She prayed that he would protect them , that Rayford would be safe , and that she would be able to contact Pastor Billings .
tr	PAST	She caressed his cheek with loving hands and then pressed her mouth carefully to his .
tr	PRES	" Just as it 's no concern of ours why you offered him sanctuary in the first place . "
tr	PAST	It cost thousands of dollars in therapy , and it ruined our marriage . "
tr	PRES	He holds it up , still covered in the band aid I 'd put on it last night .
tr	PRES	Ervin stops moving forward , but refuses to break his gaze from his enemy .
tr	PAST	He slowed to make the turn onto the side lane that led to the implement building .
tr	PAST	His expression revealed surprise .
tr	PAST	As he felt her orgasm reach a pinnacle , then finally ease down , he slowed his rhythm , yet still keeping the push-pull steady .
tr	PAST	Her eyes glowed with the pleasure of winning her dreams .
tr	PRES	Something flashes in his eyes for a split second , then disappears .
tr	PAST	" In my absence you snaked your way into authority . "
tr	PAST	Brian and his friends had already fanned out on either side of the truck .
tr	PAST	He stifled a chuckle as the truck 's shocks took the full weight of the bear .
tr	PAST	He grunted , rolled over and lay still .
tr	PAST	Just when I thought I was going to go mad with need , he plunged in , one long , quick stroke .
tr	PRES	He pushes his chin into his chest uncertain of my reaction .
tr	PAST	Willow collected the dishes , washed them , and went out to the porch , to her comfortable bed , a warm safe cave .
tr	PAST	With that the lunatic stormed into the bathroom and slammed the door .
tr	PAST	She tugged at her husband 's arm .
tr	PAST	He motioned towards my side of the bed making me blush .
tr	PAST	The sensation transferred relief to the Spider .
tr	PAST	She doubted that he would be looking for Kai any time soon .
tr	PAST	Blood also soaked his shirt .
tr	PRES	James taps my arm .
tr	PAST	He tugged Brooke to sit in the crook of his arm .
tr	PRES	Since I 'm awake , Crewe flicks on the light before he descends the stairs .
tr	PAST	She pretended not to hear him .
tr	PRES	Something light and cool strokes my cheek .
tr	PRES	" I want the wedding to be perfect , " I confess .
tr	PAST	She smacked his hand away in mock irritation , but she was laughing again as they got out of the truck .
tr	PRES	She loves the idea of exploring the void so much that she 's ignored the price that Flattery 's exacting .
tr	PRES	" In English ? "
tr	PRES	Cath even briefly glances up from hypnotically staring at her mobile 's screen .
tr	PAST	Clayton terminated the call .
tr	PRES	She ful y understood his confusion .
tr	PAST	I risked a glance ; I had worked my way so close that I was nearly behind Paul now .
tr	PRES	He presses a number on his phone .
tr	PAST	she screeched , and then stormed out of the house .
tr	PAST	My senses leaped at my thoughts and guilt followed .
tr	PRES	" Total rag . "
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , Sam ?
tr	PRES	A little mud in the mouth and the singing stops .
tr	PRES	He sees my surprise and laughs .
tr	PRES	Moving the rose to the right , a drawer opens up from the base , under the statue 's feet .
tr	PRES	The Humvee matches your clothes . "
tr	PRES	She refuses any company .
tr	PRES	He still suspects I 'm more than just a fuck buddy of his father 's .
tr	PRES	He returns my smile , but he 's worried about me .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed my face .
tr	PRES	" You ok ? "
tr	PAST	Lodge attempted to sound patient as he explained .
tr	PAST	We split into two groups , both moving upwind -- west .
tr	PAST	I yawned , wondering if Jori was still there .
tr	PAST	When at last he released my face , his gaze lingered on the white cotton dress that brushed down my figure and flirted with my ankles .
tr	PRES	' Why just fern patterns ? '
tr	PRES	" Simple , maybe , but not plain . "
tr	PRES	Zeke opens a back door .
tr	PRES	" Callie is a newbie , " Seth explains as he takes a swallow of the Long Island Iced Tea .
tr	PRES	Framed against the hospital he stands very still .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PRES	The shade only blocks seventy five percent of the rays from the sun . "
tr	PAST	" Get over here and - " " I 'm getting a report in , " exclaimed the Alchemist on communication .
tr	PRES	He flicks his tongue against my clit , and I grab his hair harder and buck against him .
tr	PRES	He loses touch with reality ? "
tr	PRES	That is why you are here , I assume . "
tr	PRES	I am mustering the fleet , fly into formation when you get here and get ready to jump to Earth orbit , " Jason states emphatically .
tr	PRES	Not something that ate lug nuts and breathed fire .
tr	PAST	She shrieked as poison rapidly consumed her .
tr	PAST	No one else dared .
tr	PAST	Everyone stuffed their faces with food as they chatted , laughed , mingled and told stories .
tr	PRES	" What about Mr. Garrison ? "
tr	PRES	With dulcet tones , he talks to someone named Grace , the cadence of their conversation quickly familiar to me .
tr	PRES	My fall begins all over again .
tr	PAST	His hand curved around the nape of her neck , his thumb tipping up her chin so she had to meet the steel in his eyes .
tr	PRES	The great human queen landed limply on the rocky ground , her remains unnaturally twisted .
tr	PRES	" You disagree about what ? "
tr	PRES	Behind his mask , Bellamy 's face shone with terror and pain .
tr	PRES	So my dad snuck into the backyard to try and get in .
tr	PAST	Cynthia 's words replayed in my head .
tr	PRES	My heart drums as I imagine the two of us engaged - toasting to each other at a lavish party complete with caviar and golden utensils .
tr	PAST	But you lied , telling me a bunch of craps that I have to stay here a bloody month .
tr	PAST	" Seat yourself to the hilt , " he instructed .
tr	PAST	I inhaled it as I closed my eyes .
tr	PRES	Then , taking another deep breath , I barge into the room .
tr	PAST	Chapter 14 " I 'm sorry you had to take me home , " she giggled .
tr	PRES	" I will , I will , " I snap , already aggravated and ready to leave this conversation behind .
tr	PRES	" Like some boneless creature totally satisfied by an incredibly hot man she loves ? "
tr	PRES	His face falls and flushes with embarrassment , and I wish he wouldn 't think the worst of everything .
tr	PRES	" Hi Nick , " she mumbled .
tr	PRES	A mockingbird , that can imitate what it hears !
tr	PRES	So in one last fit of going against the demands of society and her parents , she snuck away to dance .
tr	PRES	Then someone flips the latch and the door swings open .
tr	PAST	Garuda shrieked lightly hinting at how tired the beast was .
tr	PAST	Lighting a cigarette , he inhaled deeply and felt the fear ebb away .
tr	PAST	She flattened her palms against the wall behind her and inched to a stand .
tr	PRES	He pushes the waves over my shoulder so they won 't get caught in the zipper .
tr	PAST	" Another student reported seeing you together leaving your house in the wee hours of the morning . "
tr	PRES	The initials R , P , and W , as you have come to know , represent Reynolds , Payne , and Wilson .
tr	PAST	Forever , " I sobbed , offering my neck to him in surrender .
tr	PRES	" Hailey , " I warn .
tr	PRES	Seth opens his mouth to argue , but I turn away from him and walk out the door .
tr	PRES	He touches the tattoo lightly with his finger , then glances up at me through hooded eyes .
tr	PAST	His steely blue eyes roamed her body , still flushed with passion , taking in all the hills and valleys she could no longer hide .
tr	PAST	In her fingers the Medallion glowed with unnatural warmth , as if to warn her that it was indeed altering her to suit its purpose .
tr	PRES	Bob helps us stow the luggage and we climb aboard .
tr	PRES	Someone pushes me into the nearest alley .
tr	PRES	I still teach . "
tr	PAST	But I trusted Felix .
tr	PAST	" You don 't sound alive , " she countered .
tr	PRES	To hunt and take down prey .
tr	PRES	You belong to me . "
tr	PAST	Near the front was a long counter that opened to the cafeteria , which had three bland , yellow walls with fraying posters affixed to them .
tr	PRES	Tim grasps onto the passenger seat as he looks up at Ashley .
tr	PRES	" That tickles . "
tr	PRES	My dad tries to diffuse the situation by saying , " Please watch your language around my children Lee .
tr	PRES	The young man beamed , and then scrambled out of the office to assemble a tech team to set it up .
tr	PAST	Suspicious jabbed , smiling as his gaze dropped to her waistline .
tr	PRES	Looking again , it shone grimly inside the tent .
tr	PAST	They floated in the deep end , adrift and alone .
tr	PRES	' With you and my mum ? '
tr	PRES	Varieties of fruits lies at the center with a lighted candelabra .
tr	PAST	He motioned to switch the speaker back on .
tr	PRES	He sees his couch on the sidewalk in front of his apartment building .
tr	PAST	Piers 's voice rasped from out of the darkness .
tr	PRES	My shoulders scorch ; sweat blurs my eyes .
tr	PAST	She dusted her hands off and put them on Trina 's shoulders .
tr	PRES	He glances at Seth then back at me and his shoulder shifts forward as he wraps an arm around my shoulder .
tr	PAST	She instructed Daniel and Katherine to close their eyes and then led them out the front door .
tr	PAST	Alex giggled and dove in .
tr	PAST	The scent of alcohol and sex lingered in the air .
tr	PAST	Rena scoffed at the idea .
tr	PAST	I wanted to fall asleep in his arms , his breath mingled with mine .
tr	PRES	Her face freezes and I 'm not sure what that means .
tr	PRES	Niles stands in the center of the room with a needle in hand .
tr	PAST	Holiday crouched beside her .
tr	PAST	Maude lingered at the door , keeping it open as though she expected someone else to come through .
tr	PRES	" No habit here . "
tr	PAST	Instead , she scooted closer and let him slip his arm around her , his body warm against hers .
tr	PRES	Ethel returns several minutes later holding a baby blue dress on a hanger .
tr	PAST	His whole body tensed , but his heart raced beneath my palm .
tr	PAST	He shuffled , letting her see what was before him .
tr	PAST	Becka estimated they had spent at least half of their time so far cutting the damned things .
tr	PAST	Serena cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	Will you forgive me ? '
tr	PRES	" The ceiling drips deceit , but proceed . "
tr	PRES	" And if the sire , " I pronounced the word with distaste , " fails to register his child ? "
tr	PAST	He tipped his chin toward the cockpit .
tr	PRES	The sergeant holds his throat microphone and speaks , " this is Alpha we have breach .
tr	PRES	A demon made entirely of bones throws itself at my legs .
tr	PRES	Her neck arches , she sighs .
tr	PAST	He sobbed again , and wiped the tears away from his face with his sleeve .
tr	PAST	What if she got invested ?
tr	PRES	Gray 's father was standing at a workbench , his face red with fury , his brow damp with exertion .
tr	PAST	Whitehall chased the guy into his backyard , but he was slick and made for the small stretch of woods .
tr	PRES	" Come for me , Reagan , " he breathes against my lips .
tr	PRES	You old folks reek of gloom and doom . "
tr	PRES	The driver 's door opens .
tr	PRES	" Can you hear me , lass ? "
tr	PRES	I assume you 'd spoken to him about us ; he was much less hostile towards me today .
tr	PAST	Later , she emerged from the water , humming to herself .
tr	PRES	AZT kills T-4 cells -- white blood cells vital to the immune system .
tr	PAST	Anna revealed discovering Ruth 's body at the church with Joshua , leaving out the bloody symbols .
tr	PAST	Did you bat those pretty eyelashes at somebody around here ? "
tr	PAST	He doubted she 'd ever tasted caviar .
tr	PRES	I recall this . "
tr	PAST	She dared to peek back .
tr	PAST	She appealed in a soft tone , not at all demanding .
tr	PRES	He stands still to take what 's coming , as she slaps him in the face .
tr	PAST	" Hold back , " he instructed Rick .
tr	PRES	" And not knowing why he left kills you .
tr	PAST	Instead , I retreated to the kitchen .
tr	PAST	When he was done , he flicked the cigarette at her .
tr	PRES	His tone stops me ; the sound of his pleading implying a perfect opportunity has presented itself .
tr	PAST	He crouched in front of her and wiped her face with the sleeve of his linen shirt .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth slapped a palm over her mouth to stifle her laughter .
tr	PAST	I chattered about college and my friends and how much I had studied , and that my parents had surprised me by showing up at my graduation .
tr	PAST	He grunted and pointed to the sacks .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , Evie , " I snap .
tr	PRES	Sun shone down on fractured ice about eight inches thick .
tr	PRES	What brings you back ? "
tr	PRES	Stop thinking about him , Sakura .
tr	PRES	All of my friends are dead , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	The blade plunged into the warrior 's unprotected stomach with sickening ease .
tr	PAST	I stiffened before remembering to loosen my limbs .
tr	PRES	" Everything changes tonight ! "
tr	PRES	" Mariah - " " Just go , goddamn it . "
tr	PRES	And Bob sees it and smells the opportunity !
tr	PAST	" What the fuck , man ?
tr	PRES	The light shone down on the stacks of canvases like the midday Arles 's sun .
tr	PAST	Devon 's hand snaked back , he seized hold of her arm so fast that she didn 't see him until he had already grasped her .
tr	PRES	" Si , about golf .
tr	PAST	He screeched , " Go and ambush the group of children that search for the Cup !
tr	PAST	Robins screeched the repaired cruiser to a stop after jumping it over the curb right in front of Abe and Shorty .
tr	PAST	Ric 's voice intruded as he passed behind her , his hands filled with a huge platter of fresh fruit .
tr	PAST	He closed his eyes , remaining silent , his time split and chewed as it was digested into solitary experience .
tr	PRES	Gabrielle 's pale eyes linger on me , before he narrows them on Monarch .
tr	PRES	My grandparents stared at me , mouths gaping .
tr	PAST	Jess tugged at her until she came out of her chair and settled on his lap .
tr	PAST	So go for it , his libido urged .
tr	PRES	He winks , then the two leave the room , locking the door behind them .
tr	PRES	She twirls it then slips sideways on her feet to the right , stopping her fall into the water .
tr	PAST	The intern chimed in : " We are ready for you , Miss Burgess . "
tr	PAST	And then , assuming the bravest posture that she could manage .
tr	PAST	Without turning , the Elder extended his arm , placing his fingertips to the boy 's lips , carefully studying what was scripted at his reach .
tr	PAST	She exhaled a bit too loudly .
tr	PAST	I sniffed it and sure enough , it did smell like beef jerky .
tr	PRES	I recall stirring only once after seeing the corpses , to find myself cradled in Leonardo 's gentle arms .
tr	PAST	This tugged at her heartstrings as she remembered her father doing the same thing .
tr	PRES	I scratch at my forehead , my nervous habit when someone is really seeing me .
tr	PAST	She also doubted they had any idea who she was because she didn 't recognize them at all .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked briefly to it , and if it scared her , she made a good show of still looking defiant .
tr	PAST	That memory transformed the stone of guilt into a lead weight .
tr	PAST	Starting at the strong column of his neck , she unbuttoned , delighting in each inch of toned , tanned chest coming into view .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , sweetie . "
tr	PRES	Nothing illegal at all . "
tr	PAST	Carmine reappeared and stepped outside .
tr	PRES	" Guinness , too ? "
tr	PAST	He and his wife served as Peace Corps Volunteers in Thailand where they taught English and supervised student teachers .
tr	PAST	The silver bell chimed softly .
tr	PRES	" We 're making a plan , " he states with a pensive look on his face as he rubs his hand across his cropped brown hair .
tr	PAST	She withdrew the small gun from her reticule and cocked it .
tr	PRES	His hair was soaked , the thick ebony strands hanging down his back .
tr	PRES	What about Edwards ? "
tr	PRES	I assume you 're planning on crossing into the Vale tomorrow morning ? "
tr	PAST	" Perfection , " the demon crooned at me , and altogether that statement made perfect sense .
tr	PAST	You hooked up with someone ? "
tr	PAST	" You lied , too . "
tr	PAST	Harvey sniffed and recognized the smell of Japanese weed then saw a short man smoking it from behind a desk .
tr	PRES	I lean into his ear .
tr	PAST	A familiar , friendly voice invaded Carol 's thoughts .
tr	PAST	At the end of the protracted instant that the feeling came over him , it abandoned him with a nauseating lurch .
tr	PRES	' I wish I knew , ' he whispers back .
tr	PRES	" Sheila McKay . "
tr	PAST	They giggled as if they were sixteen again .
tr	PRES	" This Saturday ? "
tr	PRES	He snaps looking at Curios .
tr	PAST	A seven-year-old girl near Powerhouse tugged on a thin woman 's baggy dark gray wool coat .
tr	PAST	No sense in telling them the world almost unraveled before she could stop it .
tr	PRES	" She loves you and will do anything for her disgusting parasite husband . "
tr	PRES	I bin saving it up . '
tr	PRES	A light shone brightly , but only upon him .
tr	PRES	I borrow her coral bracelet and her matching coral necklace .
tr	PAST	He dumps her in the park restroom , she 's discovered , and the hunt is on . "
tr	PAST	Her chain vibrated once more and as had happened from the first , her desire for him spiked , something she had a hard time squashing down .
tr	PAST	she scoffed , and his expression relaxed .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his white uniform .
tr	PRES	Viktor refuses to use them , and who knows what he has been with . "
tr	PRES	" At least you 're good in bed , " she teased .
tr	PAST	Chief Waltrip almost arrested you last week for obstruction . "
tr	PAST	Sadness clouded his face as he looked at her hands .
tr	PAST	They all eyed me , trying to see through my mask .
tr	PRES	" Still , " she said , and laughed , " you slew the beast . "
tr	PAST	I shrank back , but Charles suddenly stepped between us .
tr	PAST	The female officer taps her pen down on the table .
tr	PAST	Napoleon regarded me with solemn dark eyes from his cute gargoyle face .
tr	PRES	The stream pushes and insistently pushes , like a frantic commuter determined to be on the train , until Gretel is twisted onto her side .
tr	PAST	Please don 't cry , he prayed .
tr	PAST	" If my Lady has no objections , " Daemon crooned .
tr	PAST	She heightened her talent a little and saw the heat in Fallon 's eyes .
tr	PRES	The point score over his head flashes red , and a second later the number decreases by five .
tr	PRES	The sun shone down brilliantly , and it felt like a secret place , hidden here in the midst of this tall dark wood .
tr	PRES	" I healed you ? "
tr	PAST	FIVE The Curtis family 's Gulfstream V jet circled over Houston as it awaited clearance for its final approach to Ellington International Airport .
tr	PAST	His fingers weaved their way between my own and I could feel the damp air swirling between them . '
tr	PAST	Samantha fidgeted with the straps of her pack .
tr	PAST	Aurora clasped her hands together and stared down at the carpet .
tr	PAST	A primitive sense of possession seized her and her arms wound around his waist , hugging hard .
tr	PRES	" I eat a perfectly fine diet , Mom , " I mutter as the machine begins to hiss .
tr	PRES	He returns , places it in front of her and they sit awkwardly for a minute .
tr	PAST	She almost immediately seized him in a tight hug , clearly happy to see the Lycans hadn 't torn him to pieces .
tr	PRES	He winks at her .
tr	PAST	Cloud stomped off angrily .
tr	PAST	Beyond the scene of this little death in front of him the greater deaths of charred villagers fanned out from the smoking ruins of the Preserve .
tr	PAST	She froze , turning her head toward the northern gates of the city .
tr	PRES	" Now I solve the single problem . "
tr	PAST	He pretended to snore and that settled her down .
tr	PAST	She stares at it for an eternity , like she can 't find her voice , and her hands tremble .
tr	PAST	William eyed his friend with a grim smile .
tr	PRES	Might oughta sell her some body armor , too , since she seems to always be in the wrong place at the wrong time . "
tr	PRES	Shock washes over me .
tr	PAST	But they stole everything .
tr	PRES	Lucien dreaded the approaching interview .
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around herself .
tr	PAST	Isabella stood back , hands clasped , and surveyed her work .
tr	PRES	The other thing that Jasper said bothers me too . "
tr	PAST	That is not all that you gave him though , your teachings also provided him with a unique understanding and loving heart , one that forgives .
tr	PRES	The empty face at my feet , the details of the wound -- crisper , brighter than they could possibly be .
tr	PAST	She would come around , Bluebeard reassured himself .
tr	PRES	Something that sounded like fear wove into his words .
tr	PAST	Lying down again , Alix tugged the sheet up over her shoulders and closed her eyes , determined to go back to sleep .
tr	PAST	They produced qubits using electrons trapped in diamonds at extremely low temperatures .
tr	PRES	MacKenzie opens the door with Ryder on her hip .
tr	PRES	" Our arrangement stands .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's body jolted with pleasure , and a low whimper came from her throat .
tr	PAST	Before he left the shelter of the trees , Johnnie crouched low and listened to the sounds of the night .
tr	PRES	" Because neither one of them likes to live alone .
tr	PRES	Too much and I resemble Tom Arnold .
tr	PRES	A Protector holds her back .
tr	PRES	" Are you happy here , Enrico ? "
tr	PRES	She stumbles back , looking surprised , then falls forward to the ground , the blood already beginning to make red flowers on her checkerboard dress .
tr	PAST	The Eye tattooed over his heart .
tr	PRES	I blurt out before I 'm able to control it .
tr	PAST	I trusted you . "
tr	PRES	A lot of factors go into the level of satisfaction you achieve .
tr	PRES	" I love you , " I murmur .
tr	PRES	And then she falls .
tr	PAST	She pretended to be engaged with the leftover leaves from her salad to take the pressure off .
tr	PAST	The wolf nuzzled her nose and padded off after its handler .
tr	PRES	" What brings you here ? "
tr	PAST	A wreath crown adorned his curly locks .
tr	PAST	She and William retreated into his study to see what they could find .
tr	PAST	He stripped a white cloth off one of the pallets and cut it into squares .
tr	PAST	As she grasped where I was heading , Cleopatra froze in her tracks , dismay immediately flooding her features .
tr	PAST	" I thought you said it was Chloe , " I mumbled , sniffling once .
tr	PAST	I dreamed about it .
tr	PAST	M. de la Lande conducted a lively tune .
tr	PAST	" The world just disintegrated .
tr	PRES	Without a word , he flips me over .
tr	PAST	When she lived at Wolfram , she adjusted her waking hours to the ones her father kept so she could spend time with her parents .
tr	PAST	Everyone around her instinctively slowed down to match her stately pace .
tr	PAST	Even as the thought arose , he dismissed it .
tr	PAST	" The Heavens created us in such a way our every molecule , our every atom , works as it should .
tr	PRES	Gently , her head drifts to one side and goes limp .
tr	PRES	Hailey hates it when I kiss her like this but I 'm doing it on purpose .
tr	PAST	Just follow this passage , the brownie instructed .
tr	PAST	Janine caressed his chest through the suit jacket .
tr	PRES	Operation Scepter begins at dawn .
tr	PAST	They lingered a touch longer on Emelia and she felt her skin crawl at his scrutiny .
tr	PRES	My dad snorts , shaking his head at how unprepared he was .
tr	PRES	He loves you , Erica .
tr	PRES	My gaze snaps to Julian 's face , but even I cannot tell if he is bluffing .
tr	PAST	The rookie shuffled off muttering to himself .
tr	PAST	Greg tipped her a wave .
tr	PAST	Even some of Rose and Eddie 's fierceness wavered .
tr	PAST	He caressed , then began to massage her shoulders .
tr	PRES	However , the dances strengthen both the legs and arms for combat .
tr	PAST	Worry pierced her center .
tr	PAST	The primitive settlements provided subsistence living for the Slav inhabitants .
tr	PAST	A jeweled ring shone from each of his hands and his mother-of-pearl buttons created a line of rainbows down the expanse of his jacket .
tr	PAST	When they reached a camouflaged outpost , the three hauled her from the truck though she fought them .
tr	PAST	As he ended the call , a brunette with humongous implants bounced up the stairs .
tr	PRES	Fear and adrenaline numb my injuries .
tr	PRES	" Nothing , " I mumbled , frustrated and confused .
tr	PRES	" Are you ok ?
tr	PAST	Amber eyed the other woman 's glossy tresses with envy only another woman could understand .
tr	PAST	He slapped the last bag of blood to his teeth .
tr	PAST	I stuffed some extra strength Tylenol and Ibuprofen into my bag but all of the harder painkillers were gone .
tr	PAST	A fresh crop of kids scampered past .
tr	PAST	A trusting danger that would betray me I feared .
tr	PAST	He bounced off a solid cushion of air in the doorway .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , turning toward Dimitri .
tr	PRES	' Good job you 've got your armour , eh ? '
tr	PAST	I see Evie leaning against the kitchen doorframe , her face pinched as she stares at me .
tr	PAST	Jesse still visited members of the Great Family , at Christmas and Easter .
tr	PAST	Charles terminated the communication and went to report the successful hunt to Flavio .
tr	PRES	You befriended it . "
tr	PAST	Brian stifled a wail , his body gradually growing still .
tr	PAST	They feared him more than they feared sea monsters , more than they feared demons .
tr	PRES	He stops and looks down at me .
tr	PAST	I dared the gods yesterday evening , insulted them , even .
tr	PRES	All urge to laugh fled .
tr	PAST	He treated everyone with dignity and respect .
tr	PRES	he bellows , holding his hand out and wiggling his fingers .
tr	PRES	" Oh dear heavens ... " She gasped , clamping a palm over her mouth as she furiously shook her head .
tr	PAST	My spirit fled forward , with them .
tr	PRES	He scoots back and then rounds the table , halting in front of my father .
tr	PAST	* * * Hours later , my stomach still churned .
tr	PAST	The others leaped for the ground , taking cover , and two Librarians peeked out of the hole , holding rifles .
tr	PRES	The burn of betrayal blushes up my neck .
tr	PAST	They battled to and fro , with each having the upper hand at one point .
tr	PRES	He loves the Morris like I love Dove , and what will he have left if he doesn 't have the car to putter over ?
tr	PAST	But he skipped out , slamming the door .
tr	PRES	She stroked his face , her fingertips lightly smoothing over the stubble that lined his jaw .
tr	PRES	Listen , neither of you talks to the press .
tr	PAST	But instead of running away , she leaped to her feet and ran after Percival .
tr	PRES	" What about Spanish ? "
tr	PRES	She stops and leans forward .
tr	PRES	As she passes one room she shudders as a large slab stone table stands in the center and a drain lays sunken into the ground nearby .
tr	PAST	The bargaining over the fee commenced .
tr	PRES	He brings his mouth to my upper back , and trails hot kisses down my spine .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand .
tr	PAST	Her skin glowed with a warm , pale gold luminescence , like a succulent peach .
tr	PRES	" There 's a strange vibe between you and Benjamin , " Suzy announces as I close the door of my bedroom .
tr	PRES	Every time someone tries to give you information or tries to make you understand a situation you cut them off .
tr	PRES	" Come , lets tie him up .
tr	PAST	It vibrated through me like an electrical current .
tr	PAST	I pretended to find something interesting in the side mirror .
tr	PAST	He tugged her close then pinned her back against the tree .
tr	PAST	Then he scribbled a phone number down on a yellow reminder note .
tr	PRES	" A weird dog was chasing me , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	But you also belong on stage , Ford .
tr	PAST	Jamie froze , her vivid green eyes searching him .
tr	PAST	It will never pass , " Lara predicted .
tr	PRES	The foamy spray of the ocean draws me close .
tr	PRES	And that brings up another thing .
tr	PAST	I shuffled slightly to the left , to make him turn his head so I could see his face .
tr	PAST	Some chanced it , of course , and came charging out wielding swords , only to be cut down .
tr	PAST	Buddy 's bushy brows bounced up and down a couple of times .
tr	PAST	The tip of the blasting rod glowed with a pinpoint of bright red energy .
tr	PAST	Most likely bounced after the initial impact . "
tr	PRES	When he brought me food he made ... suggestive comments . '
tr	PAST	Moist awoke from the horror .
tr	PRES	Are you ok ? "
tr	PRES	It stands tall and sturdy amid the two EPA buildings , with two overarching , parallel branches that reach into Miles .
tr	PAST	Sam 's body tensed behind me .
tr	PRES	" I want to relieve you of all that pent-up anger , teach you how to release it .
tr	PAST	The questions taunted her because she had grown up believing one fell in love , married and then had children - in that order .
tr	PRES	" Round em up . "
tr	PAST	She barged through the screen door , which slammed into Ned , knocking him off balance .
tr	PRES	" Southern football , my ass , " he mumbled before he turned into a wolf and dashed into the woods after whatever was approaching .
tr	PRES	Thus , by the doctrine of karma , the freedom and ability to make choices remains with the individual .
tr	PRES	" Leave ' im be ! "
tr	PRES	" Until tonight , " he mumbled softly .
tr	PRES	He holds on to my waist and tugs me closer to him .
tr	PAST	To his great surprise he received an answer .
tr	PAST	Thomas squinted ; his vision cleared .
tr	PRES	Hanna braced herself , but then felt the unexpected sensation of Mike 's hand slipping into hers .
tr	PAST	Several groans arose from the crowd , and Nick glared at them .
tr	PRES	He changes subjects and says , " Looks like that little white girl is thinking about an abortion .
tr	PAST	Laura winds up to pitch and whirls her arm around .
tr	PRES	The doctor signals for Uncle Henry to help him with another passenger .
tr	PRES	I slice through the rope alright , and into my hand .
tr	PAST	" Has the game eluded you ? "
tr	PAST	The water slapped against the dock .
tr	PRES	Her open palm drifts away from his extending grasp , eternally reaching for her helping hand .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at her like a bird watching a caterpillar .
tr	PRES	Her expressive eyes shone with affection .
tr	PRES	" Yee ha ! "
tr	PRES	You belong here with me . "
tr	PRES	Kate 's mouth opens wide , disbelief clear in her exclamation .
tr	PRES	The other holds a musket and gives me a look so cold that he must know who I am .
tr	PAST	Water presses tight around me .
tr	PRES	He points at my hummus wrap .
tr	PRES	" For someone so small , you 're heavy , Stiff , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	Tony muffled another laugh against the rim of his glass .
tr	PAST	" They are not upon my hands , they are upon yours , " she dared to say .
tr	PRES	My hand grasps for the pockets .
tr	PRES	' I recall the day too .
tr	PAST	Barbara withdrew a fraction of an inch and smiled again in her most winning manner .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth to contradict him , but finds she cannot .
tr	PRES	He slows at the stop light , turns , and finds my lips , leaving a warm kiss on my mouth .
tr	PRES	" Don 't put me in a position where I have to , " Case said , his expression regretful not angry .
tr	PAST	His hands glided down her back and over her thighs .
tr	PAST	On the apron of the driveway lay several birds , their drab natural coloring brightened by spilled blood .
tr	PRES	" I stayed up until three last night , watching Jake Gyllenhaal movies , even the R-rated ones , " Andy offers .
tr	PRES	Three hours earlier Persian Gulf time , and evening of the eighteenth our time .
tr	PRES	His panicked voice and his stepping toward Jacob causes Jacob to step back with his hands up as Gabriel jumps in front of him .
tr	PRES	She opens the hidden psychic channel in her soul .
tr	PAST	" My father , " Victoria whispered , horrified .
tr	PAST	Though she had failed to detect Nicolae 's power , the undead had sensed it .
tr	PRES	I hesitate , eyeing the bar , and the Vampires sitting on the barstools .
tr	PAST	Your own children ... outgrew you as soon as they awoke . "
tr	PRES	She releases my hand but smiles at me .
tr	PAST	And then the sun reappeared , vindicating her .
tr	PAST	He suddenly slowed down and his shoulder sagged .
tr	PAST	" His half sister , a Marcie Reed , told me he never forgave their mother for turning him out , for choosing her husband over him .
tr	PAST	Relief and a sense of security washed through Eden so strong that I felt it to my core and practically reacted from it .
tr	PRES	How plead you ? "
tr	PRES	He sees much of himself in the puny human , a potential for greatness should he manage to realize it .
tr	PAST	Her question acted like the proverbial last straw , shutting him down completely and cementing the wall between them .
tr	PRES	I exhale , a weight lifting from me .
tr	PRES	Town business never stops .
tr	PRES	The space between my skin and bones begins to vibrate ; the dread that something nuclear is on the verge of exploding .
tr	PRES	" What ancient treasure ? "
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 8 I won 't bore us both to tears , me literally when I remember those first trying hours , about my on-the-job training .
tr	PRES	The military uses them . "
tr	PAST	Hell , even her organized nature , which he used to tease her about .
tr	PRES	Her nails digging into my back .
tr	PRES	" We march on the camp tonight ! "
tr	PRES	" Get back , " she suddenly whispers .
tr	PRES	He reaches up , plays with one of the delicate flamingo earrings dangling from my ears .
tr	PRES	After I felt I could , I begged illness , received my pay , and slipped away with no one the wiser . "
tr	PRES	" Ok , but be careful .
tr	PRES	His face softens then , and his eyes lose their angry light .
tr	PRES	" Poor baby , " he taunts .
tr	PRES	" Here , lean down . "
tr	PRES	The gravity of the situation pushes on my chest as I hop out , grabbing the door for support .
tr	PAST	Maybe I described something incorrectly , and Francesca gave me the wrong advice .
tr	PAST	He cringed but sat up and put his feet on the floor .
tr	PAST	Then he just as slowly and silently retreated to his former position .
tr	PRES	" Fool me once , shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me . "
tr	PAST	Chapter Five It was getting late but I was too upset to sleep and my stomach started to growl in protest .
tr	PRES	She loves this job and she 's totally committed to winning and this is a tough race ... " I trail off .
tr	PAST	The sailor secured the end of the marlin spike .
tr	PRES	She touches a lock of my hair .
tr	PAST	He extracted six cigarettes and held them up .
tr	PRES	... custom leather seats as soft as a baby 's ass ... " Blah blah blah .
tr	PAST	He tousled her hair , knocking her earphones crooked .
tr	PAST	Just as I sucked in a breath , another wave plunged me under .
tr	PRES	The problem begins when they stop . "
tr	PRES	" Mary , John loves you .
tr	PRES	He holds my hold , leading then we emerge on a sidewalk of flowers and low bushes surrounding retail shops .
tr	PRES	Leo opens his notebook , crossing out words with his pencil , and gets lost in his work once again .
tr	PAST	The woman who helped wrecked my family is here - the mystery lady .
tr	PRES	It al rol ed off her tongue so fast she couldn 't stop it .
tr	PAST	About a hundred metres off , the light blue of the shallows suddenly plunged into a deep , dark grey .
tr	PAST	I squinted at her oddly .
tr	PRES	" Woods , " he cal s out .
tr	PRES	With their new captain , Kendall Russo . "
tr	PRES	But he trusts me , and if it only costs us a day then a part of him will be glad it wasn 't any worse . '
tr	PAST	The second man produced a tablet computer from under his robe .
tr	PRES	The rest of the room , as crowded as it is , falls silent .
tr	PRES	He 's wearing a t-shirt and sweats and looks about ten years younger , this never ceases to freak me out .
tr	PAST	Topless with a hawk of swirling feathers tattooed on his chest .
tr	PAST	the redhead announced with excitement .
tr	PAST	" Whoever dreamed I 'd be a church chaperone ? "
tr	PRES	A steady flow of people begins to fill the room , claiming spaces , collecting supplies .
tr	PRES	Returning to the central room , Rift 's spine twitches when the shrieks and screams resume from below .
tr	PRES	" Look , I just don 't know what to do ... I mean ... umm should I do it ... the interview I mean ?
tr	PAST	Instead , the behavior of the system emerged , the result of hundreds of small interactions occurring at a lower level .
tr	PRES	A team of volunteers bury him not far outside the walls .
tr	PRES	" I think I let my control go , " I mumbled as I turned my arms over .
tr	PRES	Then he lets me go .
tr	PAST	She motioned to her face and robed body with her hideous hands then held them up for everyone to see .
tr	PRES	I lean forward to speak even lower .
tr	PAST	Heather motioned toward the other side of the field .
tr	PAST	He chased her down the road , the moon lighting the path for him .
tr	PAST	When the Pastor bowed his head and closed his eyes , she withdrew from the contact .
tr	PAST	She flattened her back to the wall and split her attention between the pair of demons and whatever was coming now .
tr	PAST	The microwave beeped and Harper jumped up , tripping over the step into our kitchen as it was so dark .
tr	PRES	Because Kenneth Yang was team captain back then , and one of the best policy debaters around .
tr	PAST	She stated it so nonchalantly he knew she was being completely honest with him .
tr	PAST	Arthur flagged down a waiter carrying glasses of champagne .
tr	PAST	She clutched his hands .
tr	PAST	But he doubted he could explain the complex emotions that had motivated his first call .
tr	PAST	Deckard Blaine always tipped very well and seemed to have sway with the VIPs in the small city .
tr	PRES	He whispers into her face .
tr	PAST	Echo and the scorpion circled each other .
tr	PRES	I confess ; I 'm not much of a farmer .
tr	PRES	He laughed , the low rumble as enticing when she was mad as when she was completely besotted .
tr	PAST	" I don 't answer to that name , " he stated with a straight face .
tr	PAST	" Well , this is the twenty-first century , " Mortimer announced as if she might not have noticed .
tr	PRES	" So you shove me rather than asking me to shift slightly ?
tr	PRES	The next youngest grave marker dates to 1890 .
tr	PRES	Whenever they serve cooked carrots in the lunchroom , Terrell Patterson sneaks up behind me and yells " Feed White Rabbit ! "
tr	PRES	Hunter offers me a drink from a plastic jug , which is mostly empty .
tr	PRES	My stomach lurches , and I steady myself on the porch railing .
tr	PAST	One of your people painted them . "
tr	PAST	" I never claimed to be good at everything . "
tr	PAST	They giggled and chuckled at the spectacle , growing all the more delighted as Smith became all the more abusive .
tr	PRES	And her hugs ... well , it had been so long since I 'd been on the receiving end of one of her bear squeezes .
tr	PRES	" She loves me . "
tr	PAST	If you did , I lied .
tr	PAST	She blamed Maverick for this .
tr	PRES	But , my family ID ain 't here , either , " she giggles and nods .
tr	PRES	He pins me to the damp wall so that his body is pressed solidly against mine .
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , " she teased .
tr	PAST	When he caught up , she accused him of playing tricks .
tr	PAST	Hunter thrived off of making and creating art , and he must have made over one million paintings .
tr	PAST	He presses his lips together , stifling a grin , knowing I 'm not in the mood .
tr	PAST	Once red wolves had roamed the Southeast from the Atlantic to the Gulf and west to Texas .
tr	PRES	The water helps but I can tell she 's wet by the way she slips back and forth against me .
tr	PAST	I designed it that way .
tr	PAST	They then stated that in future he should call for help and not try to intervene himself .
tr	PAST	She never purposely sought attention ; she sometimes blushed .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't she getting over a broken engagement ? "
tr	PRES	The reflection of miniaturized light plays tricks .
tr	PRES	My agreement to take you up on your business offer stands . "
tr	PAST	Michael floated at its center , still on his knees on an unseen ground .
tr	PRES	Logan lets me go , and I look at Matt .
tr	PAST	Kinsella blanched at his tone .
tr	PAST	Red Hawaiian Shirt ambled out to the police car .
tr	PAST	The soft cashmere of her sweater muffled Kali 's voice .
tr	PAST	Feeling safe , I transformed back to normal ; the others followed and we all walked back to each other , forming a group again .
tr	PAST	Claire grunted against my strength .
tr	PRES	Tammie sniffs and wipes her face in her hands .
tr	PAST	He caressed her until he could feel that she relaxed against him and then let her go .
tr	PAST	The fur underneath us flattened in the tide of it .
tr	PRES	Turns out that he had stalked me and found out who I was and where I lived .
tr	PRES	When I 've gotten the most I can out of Eddie , I lapse into silence .
tr	PAST	Maddalena served salads of spinach and tomato , then small portions of a baked cod dish that would never be found in a cookbook from Emilia-Romagna .
tr	PRES	He holds it so tight that I imagine nothing could separate us , ever .
tr	PAST	She downs the last of her drink , avoiding my question .
tr	PRES	" No shit , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	Steve slows down to take a turn .
tr	PRES	" Your Maddox ? "
tr	PAST	Chandler motioned me to remain .
tr	PRES	I naturally lean in to kiss her , but she shakes her head and backs her face away from mine .
tr	PRES	" And generous too .
tr	PRES	And possibly Dean Finlay .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back as if she could reverse the flow of her tears .
tr	PRES	The General chews and spits some cigar at my feet and glances at me .
tr	PAST	" No , " Bash yawned and closed his eyes adding , " Go away . "
tr	PAST	She tugged at her bodice to cover herself .
tr	PAST	Lucius balled his hand into a fist , and it appeared like he was going to pound the stupid man into a bloody , lifeless heap .
tr	PAST	" My God , " She exclaimed sitting up .
tr	PAST	Levi exhaled and stared out of the window behind his father .
tr	PAST	He saluted her and turned on his heel to leave the room .
tr	PRES	Doctor Hartman falls to the deck , lifeless .
tr	PAST	His hands itched to return to her , but he kept them at his sides .
tr	PRES	As I drop the toy into the bag , April 's mother melts into the crowd .
tr	PRES	" You 're spoiled , " he teased .
tr	PRES	I disconnected and hopped out of the car .
tr	PAST	Time slowed , could have ceased to exist for all she knew or cared .
tr	PAST	I cocked an eyebrow at him .
tr	PAST	The McGill 's ship reappeared now that she was viewing the world through her own ghostly eyes .
tr	PAST	It feared its commander more than the present powers .
tr	PRES	" Your Lordship . "
tr	PAST	Her wee heart glowed , and she felt warm all over .
tr	PRES	He points across the street and I nod .
tr	PRES	Really , their increasing volume and panic over her refusal to let them in rather ruined the whole experience for her .
tr	PRES	Natalie whispers something to Pierce , and they laugh in unison .
tr	PAST	" Because Coach Hill decided he preferred Gabe and gave him all the playing time .
tr	PRES	Twisting , laughing , singing .
tr	PRES	Wrapping my arms about his waist , I lean into him and close my eyes .
tr	PAST	She froze , staring at the strange alien , and he stared right back , his expression stunned but impassive .
tr	PRES	What if more unexpected visitors arrive ?
tr	PRES	And , even now with Luthor on the floor , she holds her arms around her stomach .
tr	PRES	" Three for the men , one for the body , and one for the year he owes me . "
tr	PAST	Knowing that that was probably all I 'd get today , I soaked it in .
tr	PRES	Reece wraps an arm around them , bolstering me up .
tr	PRES	Robert begins to nod as a wide grin spreads across his face .
tr	PAST	2 Ryan awoke flat on his back in his bed .
tr	PRES	" Mrs. Byrne - " She interrupted him .
tr	PAST	" She denied it , as did Detective Hammond .
tr	PAST	I identified with him in a way because I never got to see my son .
tr	PRES	" Benny ... " " Hush .
tr	PAST	He petted the cat 's arched back and my eyes became more comfortable in the thin light .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	I scare everybody around me .
tr	PRES	The boy mumbled something but still gazed at the floor .
tr	PRES	" Fool me once , Ty , shame on you . "
tr	PRES	Alanna talks about her great childhood .
tr	PAST	On my hands and knees I crawled out into the open .
tr	PAST	Bubbles churned as if water jets had been turned on in a whirlpool tub .
tr	PRES	I assume you boys did not see the abominations lurking around the fairgrounds ? "
tr	PRES	To remember how it felt to have stubble lightly scratch against my cheeks and chin in the midst of a kiss .
tr	PAST	They crawled around on their hands and knees , gasping for breath .
tr	PAST	" These legs , " he mumbled at my mouth , squeezing into my flesh , taking wild handfuls like he could never get enough .
tr	PRES	Aimee gazes at her painting .
tr	PRES	No one likes sitting by the bin . "
tr	PAST	" What say we walk a bit , Hank .
tr	PAST	Andre writhed in pain on the ground .
tr	PAST	" It 's not broken , " I reassured her .
tr	PRES	I replied , pul ing my gaze away from the window .
tr	PAST	He slowed and eased himself out , then thrust back into her , and she cried out again before she thought to muffle the sound .
tr	PRES	" He tends to keep his own counsel .
tr	PRES	" Sometimes , Viktor , it helps .
tr	PRES	He hates the bootlegs , for good reason .
tr	PRES	Whatever brings you here first thing in the morning ? "
tr	PRES	I lean back and wait for it because if there 's one thing I can rely on from Demetri , it 's resistance .
tr	PAST	What about Milford ? "
tr	PRES	" And with regard to Adele ? "
tr	PAST	With a flick of her index finger , Auntie motioned to the others .
tr	PAST	He received the 200 points .
tr	PAST	Bill chimed in , grinning at Adam .
tr	PAST	" Put your feet between my legs , " he instructed .
tr	PRES	The supervising doctor pushes by me , checking Earl 's vitals .
tr	PRES	In an instant he falls asleep .
tr	PAST	Once the time was up , and the door opened , we all silently cheered them on .
tr	PRES	She points at Xander with the warning .
tr	PAST	" I 'll be right back , " I reassured him .
tr	PAST	I cringed at her first bite of it , but got off when she did it a second time .
tr	PAST	We 'll see , " I lied .
tr	PAST	" You idiot , " she sobbed .
tr	PRES	Cara glares at me .
tr	PRES	I lean up against the wall , making sure to keep out of sight .
tr	PRES	The archer sighs and puts down their belongings .
tr	PRES	" No matter , any mammalian predator learns to hunt by playing with others .
tr	PAST	He elbowed one of his comrades , who chuckled in reply and then punched Pilgrim in the arm .
tr	PRES	The soul of any domain lies in its capital .
tr	PAST	" I later met him at home , " she lied .
tr	PAST	A look of knowing washed across Jessie 's face .
tr	PRES	Nobody around here uses kerosene lanterns . "
tr	PRES	I wipe my sweaty palms on the front of my jeans .
tr	PAST	Becky asked , puzzled by Trevor 's proximity to me .
tr	PAST	Romain thanked her and dialed the number she gave him .
tr	PAST	He utilized the scientist 's hospitality , relaxed in the garden .
tr	PAST	Anna washed the dishes from breakfast as tears fell down her cheeks .
tr	PAST	She stormed out of the room .
tr	PAST	Jake quickly tidied the kitchen .
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , Charles 's chest lightened .
tr	PRES	The three of you represent three options , or he can do whatever the fuck he wants with it .
tr	PAST	His brows lifted , a corner of his mouth almost , but not quite , tipped up in amusement .
tr	PRES	" Naomi and I were just talking , " he mutters quietly .
tr	PRES	He likes the game . "
tr	PAST	Snow piles against the back entrances of the dark brick buildings glowed in the pale moonlight .
tr	PRES	Her perfume fills the room as she moves .
tr	PRES	" That , and the sea wishes . "
tr	PRES	Your new bow . "
tr	PRES	He touches his cheek gingerly and I see that his hand is swollen already .
tr	PRES	He begins to lean his forehead toward mine when I hear a loud cough .
tr	PRES	She yawns , arching her back like a cat as she stretches her arms above her head .
tr	PAST	Color brightened her face , and her eyes sparkled .
tr	PRES	My dad glares at him furiously , but doesn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	I gulp then stand with my legs apart to balance myself .
tr	PAST	Once I finished my training , she provided me with a place to stay , a cache of gold for expenses , and left .
tr	PAST	I unwound the fingers from his sword and carefully put the sword on the floor .
tr	PAST	He motioned for her to sit down on the sofa and went into the kitchen to make them coffee .
tr	PAST	Her tone jabbed at him ; he blinked .
tr	PRES	She glances at it and grins .
tr	PRES	I crave you , Reyes , every part of you . "
tr	PRES	I assume he 'll correct me if that 's wrong .
tr	PRES	He lets out a gruff as he begins to climb his way up .
tr	PRES	" Thou hath tried but diversions of thee mind prevent focus .
tr	PAST	" First and last , worry about speed , " Mira advised .
tr	PAST	He lied to the family , and I let him .
tr	PAST	Sunlight exposed too much .
tr	PAST	I giggled and kissed him on the cheek .
tr	PAST	She froze when she heard the voice coming from the living room .
tr	PRES	" You no longer exist in the human world .
tr	PRES	You 're all big , you hairless ape .
tr	PAST	I enquired , stalling for time .
tr	PRES	" Has this crazy blue streak in her hair that I honestly think fits her really well .
tr	PAST	Our progress slowed down considerably once we exited Highway 1 .
tr	PAST	" Water moccasins , " Sophia announced breathlessly .
tr	PRES	Then , another of Connie 's best friends enters the picture : Terry Cleaver .
tr	PRES	" Fellowship , " he rasped , the word a hiss .
tr	PAST	Two minutes later , we reentered the park , both holding hot dogs .
tr	PAST	The sheriff adjusted himself in his chair , leaning forward over his hands clasped together in the center of the small table .
tr	PRES	" Since when did past sexual experiences qualify as interesting ? "
tr	PAST	One side of his lips tipped up .
tr	PAST	After I showered and got dressed , I emerged from the bathroom and saw Ellery laying there , staring at me .
tr	PRES	My grandfather sees me coming , grinning , and has the good sense to get out of the way .
tr	PAST	Paul stiffened and turned away .
tr	PRES	Mirth shone in her eyes and she extended her hand , an invitation to come back to her .
tr	PRES	" Ellie , " he stops and gives me a serene look .
tr	PRES	The sound of her laugh taunts me , its innocence in the dark and grungy world of the Rejects jarringly out of place .
tr	PRES	The wound pulses red around my throat .
tr	PRES	" Everyone deals with loss differently .
tr	PAST	Joe advanced until the barrel of the gun was pressing into Riley 's chest .
tr	PAST	" Don 't knock it , " she joked .
tr	PAST	My love for Fade strengthened me , made me determined never to give up .
tr	PAST	I palmed my brow , hating that my thoughts couldn 't form words .
tr	PRES	The deaths exist in my mind as a string of meaningless equations , and I stand frozen , unable to solve them .
tr	PAST	She practically crawled into my lap , and I chuckled .
tr	PRES	All the climbs she 'd done had been day climbs , but she knew the terrain they were talking about .
tr	PRES	" No offense , but I have my own people . "
tr	PAST	He eyed her narrowly but said nothing .
tr	PRES	Earl wasn 't far away , hidden amidst a thick patch of small trees .
tr	PAST	But as Ms. Terwilliger had speculated : Was it too late ?
tr	PRES	Semiramis stared at me , her face expressionless , it felt like she was looking into me , as if my Ka was naked .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , suddenly more determined than ever to complete my story .
tr	PAST	They decided to make a big breakfast of eggs , ham , hash browns and cinnamon rolls , chased with orange juice .
tr	PAST	His hands fisted , and his back straightened .
tr	PAST	" Oh Bella , " I sobbed .
tr	PRES	" Fire missiles . "
tr	PRES	But as the years went by , as my confidence and courage grew , I confronted him .
tr	PRES	She draws in another breath and finally giggles .
tr	PRES	Grendel pads quietly into the room and sits at my side .
tr	PAST	Ion thanked the man and sat back against his seat , feeling a dull mass of boredom settle over him .
tr	PAST	The human horde , led by the Zinn , pursued .
tr	PRES	I scratch behind Betsy 's ears , and then she trots behind me out of my room .
tr	PRES	" Is it against some kind of rule to buy presents for someone who broke up with your friend ? "
tr	PAST	Mallory blamed the cold spell on me , said I " didn 't put myself out there . "
tr	PRES	" Your accent , is it ... American ? "
tr	PAST	" Maybe you could pick out a more substantial pair of shoes , " he advised as nicely as he could .
tr	PRES	I saw her in the window , " I protest .
tr	PRES	" Red before therapy , yellow after . "
tr	PAST	His head exploded , sending his guards scattering like pigeons .
tr	PAST	I motioned for Michelle to follow me closely and we walked down the deserted street .
tr	PAST	" On the night of the riot the Institutional Police attempted to arrest her .
tr	PAST	She extended her hand and they shook to seal the deal .
tr	PAST	Garrett stiffened and the smile left his face .
tr	PAST	When he saw that the attack had begun , he triggered it with a remote , leaving the wagons defenseless .
tr	PAST	Then they collapsed into fits of laughter .
tr	PRES	" No , all the other houses belong to the vampires . "
tr	PRES	" They feed it us .
tr	PAST	He stiffened his shoulders .
tr	PRES	" What kind of talents ? "
tr	PRES	Well , Luca likes his crime shows and Muffin likes a warm lap .
tr	PAST	He advanced toward her slowly .
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together .
tr	PRES	" Mmm hmm , " I whimper as he drags his hand gently against my bare centre .
tr	PRES	My handler glances in the rearview mirror .
tr	PAST	I skipped through more pages .
tr	PRES	My head snaps up and my skin starts to feel warm .
tr	PRES	The bright lights shine down as we take the field .
tr	PAST	He mesmerized her with his heat and hunger .
tr	PRES	" Come on , bro .
tr	PRES	His answering scoff was brittle as he flinched away from her touch .
tr	PAST	She prayed for the floor to swallow her up whole but knew she was stuck .
tr	PRES	The sun shone brightly through the battered blinds but Logan barely felt the heat .
tr	PAST	The tyres squealed as I jammed on the anchors , stopping a few millimetres from the gate .
tr	PRES	" Everyone sees it .
tr	PAST	He stifled an audible sniff , but he smelled her nonetheless .
tr	PRES	It deals with physical infirmities which might prevent you from serving .
tr	PRES	" In Aspen ? "
tr	PAST	I exhaled , trying not to cry .
tr	PAST	Her arms tensed , her fists were clenched , and she lunged forward in small gasps of movement .
tr	PAST	" You insult my intelligence when you do so . "
tr	PAST	" There you are , " my father announced .
tr	PAST	Deuce leaped out onto the porch , his heavy gray overcoat and black gloves already on .
tr	PRES	" Wow , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	He tends to forget to do that .
tr	PAST	Then her frown deepened .
tr	PAST	a female 's soft voice exclaimed .
tr	PAST	" They smashed the other one straight down to the floor .
tr	PRES	" Hi , " I murmur quietly as she reaches the steps and I open the door .
tr	PAST	I swiped the counters looking for something to throw at him but he was too clean .
tr	PRES	" But why summon a ghost ? "
tr	PAST	I cowered under a tree , my legs tucked underneath me , carefully hiding myself from the revealing moonlight .
tr	PRES	" The implications of that scare me , Scott Markman . "
tr	PRES	It brings the smell of truck exhaust and hot dogs .
tr	PRES	When I pull back the covers my hair clip falls from my hands and lands on the floor .
tr	PAST	she screeched , going as white as a Warden 's soul .
tr	PAST	Angelina floated onto her feet in one effortless and graceful motion .
tr	PAST	One foot at a time , he kicked off his boots in the mudroom , lining them up precisely .
tr	PAST	She regained her footing , jerked free and looked down .
tr	PAST	Gradually , barely noticeable , the room plunged ever deeper into darkness .
tr	PAST	Madeleine scoffed and stomped her foot , splashing them both with dirty water .
tr	PRES	What brings you here today ? "
tr	PAST	He clasped her shoulders .
tr	PRES	He helps me place it on my right hand and gives the ring a quick kiss .
tr	PAST	That should have slapped Shane out of it ; Claire winced , and it wasn 't even directed at her .
tr	PRES	Banging my head against the locker , the sound draws a few strange looks , but I ignore them .
tr	PRES	Your final defeat lies within her control .
tr	PRES	Tam digs through a black backpack but finds nothing but binders and a textbook , so she moves on to the next one .
tr	PRES	He holds up his fingers to indicate we must be gone in four hours .
tr	PAST	Just before it stopped on the next slope , its spectral twin retracted .
tr	PAST	His fingers wrap around the back of my head , digging into my hair , as he dips his head back .
tr	PAST	" The name is Colin , " he clipped .
tr	PAST	Now , with Sexton standing before her , staring down , she sensed him searching her eyes for a lie .
tr	PAST	A scream exploded from the next room and she raced for the door .
tr	PAST	" Anita , " Dean chided .
tr	PRES	Nick enters from stage right , and Josie , re-enters from stage left .
tr	PRES	' Back again , eh ?
tr	PAST	Claire stifled a snigger .
tr	PRES	Trystan sighs and looks up at the ceiling before running his hands over his head .
tr	PRES	Then he brings the two straightened fingers up to the right side of his forehead and gives Jerry a respectful salute .
tr	PAST	The lights dimmed and a hush fell over the audience .
tr	PAST	Other times he acted as though he were Seth 's own child .
tr	PRES	And then he whipped out a small pad from his shirt pocket and quickly made some notes .
tr	PRES	He never bothers himself about vampires , anyway - he says they 're cursed already .
tr	PAST	To this he received another swift intake of breath .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and studied the rear view mirror .
tr	PAST	" You recorded the meeting ? "
tr	PAST	" Sit back down , young lady , " her dad 's voice barreled .
tr	PAST	She submitted to that as well .
tr	PAST	" If you don 't piss off , I 'll get my mother to set the dogs upon you , " she stated .
tr	PRES	Sean stops for a second and watches the information sink into my brain .
tr	PRES	" Such a witty retort .
tr	PAST	Hal jiggled faster , hastily patting her back .
tr	PAST	Eyes wide with excitement , she extended her arm toward a shadowy glen where a doe stood guard while her wobbly fawn approached the stream to drink .
tr	PAST	" We did not even make it to the little finals last year , " stated Brother Thomas .
tr	PRES	" You OK ? "
tr	PRES	Then his pump action .22 : Remington Model 62 .
tr	PRES	" Is Jakob your master ? "
tr	PRES	" The manure pile ? "
tr	PRES	Which turned into " Couldn 't we maybe add French doors out to the patio ? "
tr	PRES	she teased her assistant gently .
tr	PAST	She giggled and laid her head on my chest .
tr	PAST	I reclaimed my lost boot and made a silent exclamation .
tr	PAST	" Not everyone goes to a shrink because of them , " Matt countered .
tr	PRES	" I belong . "
tr	PRES	" My necklace ? "
tr	PAST	I smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	" Nay , " he swiftly denied .
tr	PRES	Jean 's thinking stops as his mouth begins to speak .
tr	PAST	Emma petted one , who instantly scooted into another room .
tr	PAST	It immediately dumped her call into voicemail .
tr	PRES	It slams into her face , filling her mouth with blood as she crumples to the floor .
tr	PAST	His face crumpled slightly and he brought it to my neck .
tr	PAST	The family you created .
tr	PRES	He pushes it out of his eye impatiently .
tr	PRES	An image of her begins to flow through the darkness .
tr	PRES	" And he loves your mother ... and he loves you .
tr	PRES	" Despite your reputation , Dara sees something special in you .
tr	PRES	Writers rarely succeed in capturing the delight of happiness .
tr	PAST	He dumped his duffel bag on the floor and took off his jacket .
tr	PAST	" I see you , Hawk , and I feel your spirit .
tr	PAST	You predicted it would come from the cosmos , from the same direction as the danger , but it would get here first .
tr	PAST	Nell tensed but tried not to show it .
tr	PAST	We slowed to a walk and began to head back to get our stuff .
tr	PAST	" Like a baby , " Rose giggled .
tr	PRES	He stands up with me and picks up his gun .
tr	PRES	The human doctor who was supposed to take genetics to the next level .
tr	PRES	He stops a few feet away and just stares at me .
tr	PRES	A sliver of light shone through the blackness of the day .
tr	PAST	She usually preferred to walk without any aide , although she had a noticeable limp .
tr	PAST	He regarded her with a stern command .
tr	PRES	My crown passes to my nephew .
tr	PRES	No sense starting an all-girl rumble at the center for battered women .
tr	PRES	" Rather you than me , lad .
tr	PRES	" My goodness gracious , " Liz said , almost wistfully .
tr	PRES	Light bursts through the dark face , then through his fingertips .
tr	PAST	" I chatted in the car to keep you comfortable , " she lied .
tr	PRES	" But , to be fair , the fault lies not only with the Normans .
tr	PRES	She slows to a stop at the sight of Robin facing me down .
tr	PAST	Kata pressed a dozen kisses to his face , her arms hooked tightly around his neck .
tr	PRES	I settle into the grass and I don 't feel the need to move because my head hurts too much .
tr	PAST	I yawned my way through a cup of coffee and joined the line of cars waiting to exit the Rosewood gates on their way to work .
tr	PAST	" Sure does smell good , " Zack exclaimed .
tr	PRES	" The thing is , " he begins then pauses to run his fingers through his hair .
tr	PRES	" I need you both back , " Aria states angrily .
tr	PRES	He glances back at me once before putting his eyes back on the road .
tr	PAST	The blood donation pretty much proved that fact .
tr	PRES	" The fact that people like you even exist . "
tr	PAST	After Life in the Sunshine Calvin thanked the audience .
tr	PRES	" Are we safe , Oliver ? "
tr	PRES	" Oh umm ... " I honestly didn 't know what to say .
tr	PAST	The word emerged on a smug breath .
tr	PRES	Strangely , the two sounds complement rather than conflict .
tr	PRES	Emily 's Diary Confessions of an Emotional Predator By David Curtis Copyright 2014 by David Curtis First eBook Edition -- October 2014 All rights reserved .
tr	PRES	" What I want to know is this , " Julia begins .
tr	PRES	Bob slapped her across the face and she blinked hard , her vision fading .
tr	PRES	Wrapping my arms and legs tightly around him I whispered back , " Forever . "
tr	PAST	" Let the second duel commence , " the king boomed , waving a hand toward the veranda .
tr	PAST	Body stiff , she stormed over to Quentin .
tr	PAST	The Mustang slowed to a stop at the curb , and my door unlocked with a click .
tr	PRES	She talks too much all the time but we just tell her to shut up .
tr	PRES	" You don 't have a home , you slut .
tr	PAST	' Got a full bag already !
tr	PAST	Luther hopped into action and offered another powdered donut to the tot .
tr	PAST	Debating whether to head back and get the heck out of the trees , I slowed to a jog .
tr	PAST	I awoke , feeling like kicking myself for my mistake , and then I called the number again , not expecting much luck .
tr	PRES	Unless , of course , she 's implying that she herself offed Chloe and hid the body in order to protect her offspring from potential girl parts .
tr	PAST	Turning towards Pierce , he regained some of his fierceness .
tr	PRES	Amy stares into Orion 's bulging eyes with a sort of fierce intensity .
tr	PRES	He pushes against me harder this time , but at the last second he moves .
tr	PRES	" Oh , Scott , please , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Auron tickled , and kissed her cheeks .
tr	PAST	I steadied myself on the tree limb and listened intently for any more noise .
tr	PAST	I panicked as I realized he was slipping away from me .
tr	PRES	The learning processes devised by humans and all acquired knowledge actually facilitate avenues to circumvent and obfuscate the practice of good .
tr	PAST	She sobbed out all the hurt , the shock of betrayal .
tr	PRES	The ground opens at our feet to spew steam from the depths .
tr	PRES	" He wants to see us , Mommy , but he can 't find us , " I mumbled against her skin .
tr	PAST	Susan flung herself the other way , clinging to the neck , and felt the dragging abyss under her feet .
tr	PRES	He recognizes the furnishings .
tr	PRES	We crash through the guardrail .
tr	PRES	She enters a hacker site , asks for a program to access the chip , and obtains it .
tr	PAST	I thanked Pomeroy , who agreed to notify me if he discovered anything .
tr	PRES	He lets go of my eye and my lashes blink rapidly .
tr	PAST	She stomped her bare foot .
tr	PAST	Joseph slowed the car , waiting for a herd of goats to cross the street to the market .
tr	PRES	" How many units ? "
tr	PAST	Wood chips carpeted the surrounding ground for some distance .
tr	PRES	This girl suffers from amnesia , as you do .
tr	PAST	" She had dinner at the house , but I 'm not the one who invited her , " he stated , his stare unwavering .
tr	PAST	I propped the broom against the wall and slid into the booth .
tr	PAST	He attributed his apprehension to the momentous nature of the venture before them .
tr	PAST	The window in the center of the door shattered , sending shards of glass spraying across the room .
tr	PAST	She steered him off to one side so their conversation became private although she was still within view of Nick .
tr	PAST	" Yes Papa , " she whispered , the baby puzzled at the sight of them .
tr	PRES	" Of course not , you moron !
tr	PAST	She eyed him incredulously .
tr	PRES	Sunlight shone through the tall windows , gilding the wooden floors .
tr	PAST	" Maybe he had a business dinner , " I proposed as I held out the box and she took a marbled seahorse from the selection .
tr	PRES	Taking a moment to figure out how to answer them , Lucas approaches us .
tr	PRES	And the suspicion of them hath deceived many , and hath detained their minds in vanity .
tr	PRES	" Straker texted me a few minutes ago , " Valerie mumbled from the dining room , her head once again lying on her folded arms .
tr	PAST	His words stole my breath away .
tr	PAST	They chided him for riding the bus .
tr	PRES	He slides his key into his lock .
tr	PAST	I swirled the little pebble around and around until I had her panting , and I could feel her getting wet against me .
tr	PAST	All the while , his hands roamed over her body , caressing , petting , becoming more intimate .
tr	PAST	His pale eyes sparkled with playfulness and he started playing with his tongue , more specifically , the barbell pierced through it .
tr	PRES	- but their necks snap easily if you can get inside their reach , and they have to shut their eyes when they scream .
tr	PAST	We destroyed the production facility , and those weapons are way too powerful to hunt with . "
tr	PAST	He arose not but simply replied , " I have not the authority to surrender but will submit to capture . "
tr	PRES	" Fine , but under one condition .
tr	PRES	When she is grounded in the real world she likes science , natural history , history and monkeys .
tr	PAST	I freed the chain and he bolted past me and up the stairs without a word .
tr	PRES	He remains next to the open doorway to the room at the top of the stairs , acting as guard .
tr	PRES	I hiss but he only laughs .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and sighed .
tr	PAST	Dickie got to his feet , he dared not hope .
tr	PRES	His head begins to turn in my direction .
tr	PAST	Right this way ... " Mortimer uttered not a single word .
tr	PRES	" Good point , " he mutters .
tr	PAST	The Duke droned on .
tr	PRES	" None of this explains why you tried to kill Balan .
tr	PRES	" That , well , that freaked me out . "
tr	PAST	Misty froze again , staring at Graham .
tr	PAST	After that , his outlook soured into one of bitterness and anger .
tr	PAST	Laura exclaimed , laughing again .
tr	PRES	When I remain silent , he sighs .
tr	PRES	Our breath rises in small waves of fog as it meets the cold air .
tr	PAST	She stripped the paper off the pad , balled it up , and stuck it in her pocket .
tr	PRES	" Thank you , " I mumbled quietly .
tr	PAST	The tiny dimple above his lip deepened , piqued interest and timid excitement .
tr	PRES	Especially when he said , " Close your eyes . "
tr	PAST	His mother limped out of the bathroom with blood-stained gauze wrapped around her left leg .
tr	PRES	" Too much money kills men like you and me .
tr	PRES	They represent themselves ... ' ' We ... they ... represent ourselves ... themselves ?
tr	PRES	" What you doing , you fuck ! "
tr	PRES	" No more , " she begged , but still her body turned , shifting so his fingers had better access .
tr	PAST	It only required the right impetus .
tr	PAST	Zayne handled it like a pro .
tr	PAST	Johnny dumped his own amp on top of the Marshall before Hal could object .
tr	PAST	It reflected off the curve of his perfectly sculpted ass and I had to bite my lip in order to keep from drooling .
tr	PAST	They staged the train accident , moved their equipment onto the train , captured your father , and did the transfer right there .
tr	PAST	The team recruited only when it needed to , which meant he could be an agent for years before they held tryouts again .
tr	PRES	She sells a lot of her photos to major publications , and she 's already highly respected in her field . "
tr	PRES	Some of them transparent .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth and entered as well .
tr	PRES	He lets go of her and scrutinizes her face , gripping her by the shoulders .
tr	PAST	' See , they do sell shorts that short , ' Emma mumbled next to me .
tr	PRES	I hoist my sword to shoulder height and summon all my anger , all my fear , and use every ounce of my strength as I swing .
tr	PAST	I immediately crawled higher and leapt to my feet .
tr	PAST	" Please , speak freely , " he urged .
tr	PRES	The man probably hates his job .
tr	PRES	" I sell soft drinks , candy , and ice cream in the afternoons .
tr	PAST	They froze in place .
tr	PRES	" Not the best for demon stomachs .
tr	PRES	Unlike the black screen , they provide a view of two streets that I don 't recognise .
tr	PRES	' ' Bruno , there is no need to act like a hooligan ; you 're a grown man so act like one for once .
tr	PRES	" Where no Laws exist ... no infractions ... can occur . "
tr	PRES	" You 've improved , " he snaps .
tr	PAST	He cocked a challenging eyebrow .
tr	PAST	" Order ... And stay with me please , " he joked .
tr	PAST	She sensed the barely leashed power he hid below the polished surface and she recollected how dangerous he was .
tr	PAST	Bryce lingered next to Eric for a moment .
tr	PAST	Fat Charlie wasn 't sure what was going on , but whatever it was , he blamed his father .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 17 A BOMB COULD HAVE DROPPED in the kitchen and Beau doubted he 'd have been more surprised .
tr	PRES	The guy hates my guts . "
tr	PAST	Ahead and to his left , Kane leaped through the air and disappeared behind the spruce .
tr	PAST	He stares at the screen until he recognizes Logan .
tr	PAST	He blanched , swallowed visibly , bowed and then beat a hasty retreat .
tr	PAST	The use of words signalled the end of their self protest .
tr	PAST	Abby perked up and looked hopefully at Michael .
tr	PRES	Caleb arches his eyebrows at me with a smile surfacing at his lips .
tr	PAST	It required intense energy to flow free from one 's body , and he wanted the rejuvenating soil to strengthen him .
tr	PRES	" Are you being serious , Cronus ?
tr	PAST	You handled it pretty well , these days that is the worst thing to call someone . "
tr	PRES	As Anthony 's eyes strain to see if anyone else is inside .
tr	PRES	Roland stretches me out on the floor and after staring at me , moves in and kisses me more .
tr	PRES	She stretched one hand toward me , grasping air , her signal for me to pick her up .
tr	PRES	" If a werewolf caused that crash ... " Wallace said .
tr	PRES	Honey , I never ... " His brown eyes plead with mine .
tr	PAST	She stiffened , but neither spoke nor looked around .
tr	PRES	He lacks the nerve to ask .
tr	PAST	I wove through the rush of people in the packed hallway , ducking out the side exit .
tr	PRES	Serena refuses to look at them , keeping her chin high and her gaze well away from their ankles .
tr	PAST	I sensed that this was one of the reasons they disliked humans so much .
tr	PAST	When he was done , the prosecution dismissed him and he sat on the opposite side of the courtroom to await Judge Reinhold 's decision .
tr	PAST	Other patrons emerged from their rooms , and soon the guards arrived , breaking everything up .
tr	PAST	He caressed her face with both hands , back and forth , wiping away the tears as his expression grew even more serious .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with hope , and his mouth hung open in that stupid look .
tr	PAST	Joe chased after the guy and got my purse back .
tr	PAST	And then he yawned .
tr	PAST	He battled the guilt that came with every sip someone took in Zane 's line of sight .
tr	PRES	Good , I swing round ; the delivery guys are just raising the tail gate of their truck .
tr	PAST	Marta could naturally see no color in them His companion crouched lower to see her .
tr	PAST	Within one month of graduation he dumped me and professed that he just wanted to be friends .
tr	PAST	He pretended to be puzzled .
tr	PRES	How he opens his heart for no one but me .
tr	PAST	The woman shrieked , and jumped .
tr	PRES	" Almost a mistake , " I mumbled before hurrying after Hailey .
tr	PRES	" I want you , " she breathes .
tr	PRES	" Red Five ? "
tr	PAST	" Looks good , " her father said , resting his arm on her shoulders as they admired their handiwork .
tr	PRES	Sean Kendrick opens the door .
tr	PRES	They enforce the order .
tr	PRES	He lets go of the button and spins in his twisty chair to face us .
tr	PAST	You proved that while you were his captive ... " Jenny no longer heard him .
tr	PRES	The two groups often engage in street brawls . "
tr	PAST	She eyed him speculatively .
tr	PRES	They belong here ! "
tr	PRES	" I confess I was one of those vampires who thought I might be the recipient of that legacy .
tr	PAST	On impulse , she tugged off her bra and checked the tag : 34B .
tr	PRES	" I ... " I hesitated , glancing over at Max , who watched us intently .
tr	PAST	Resting a hip against the counter by the nursery monitor , Tanner chugged back his drink and listened for sounds of his daughter breathing .
tr	PRES	" We may need to find a new place to live , " I murmur into her hair .
tr	PRES	PSI vampires feed off the life-force energy ; the energy surrounding people .
tr	PAST	Matt paused , his arm outstretched toward the tray .
tr	PRES	" Pretend to take a sip , " Delilah instructed Katia .
tr	PRES	" I 'll second that , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	They featured swelling projections on the forward edge that reminded her of mumps .
tr	PRES	Emily stands silent , looking at me like I 'm a two-headed monster .
tr	PRES	The guards provide our old weapons , as well as knives and a burlap sack that 's meant for a game bag .
tr	PRES	The scent of smoke fills my nostrils as the room turns strangely dim .
tr	PAST	A small array of badly wrapped gifts circled the base .
tr	PAST	I motioned with my chin .
tr	PAST	A green light glowed from the center of the circle , but I couldn 't tell what it was .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eight " Ah !
tr	PAST	Grace sensed that things weren 't right between them .
tr	PRES	A love potion . "
tr	PRES	" Oh , Pete , " she breathes .
tr	PAST	As we left the warmth of the fire , the dragon flapped its wings and took to the skies .
tr	PAST	' Now wait a minute , Detective Love ... ' ' Love .
tr	PRES	From the same pocket , he pul ed a second slightly bigger gun .
tr	PAST	One or two , recognizing that he wore officer 's insignia , saluted .
tr	PAST	He clipped his gun back onto his belt so that he could jump over the rubble faster .
tr	PAST	He rotated his wrist and gave a nod to the heavens that it felt better than it had in a week .
tr	PRES	Danica , please stay close , " I warn her .
tr	PRES	Says Greg , locking the cars and then we head into the restaurant .
tr	PRES	Elder wraps me in a hug that lifts me up , then sets me gently back on the ground .
tr	PRES	The real Fred stands stiffly , glaring at me .
tr	PRES	In front of his eyes , she mentally and emotionally pulled herself together , internalizing the emotions she 'd allowed to surface .
tr	PAST	He announced without the slightest doubt , " Hirsch and Lancaster are the same people .
tr	PAST	In the firelight , his skin glowed orange .
tr	PAST	Ted stared at it , his head cocked , like it didn 't compute .
tr	PAST	She prayed he crossed to the urinal , but his whistling approached the bay of stalls .
tr	PAST	He violated everything he 's stood for since the dawn of humanity to save your life . "
tr	PAST	" Were they always revered ?
tr	PRES	" If you have a moment to spare . "
tr	PAST	That thought saddened me a little .
tr	PRES	Such a tragedy . "
tr	PRES	Gabe lies against the ball and crunches up .
tr	PRES	The cube tank lashes out with lasers , but my rescuer teleports right above it and kills it with another pair of pistols .
tr	PAST	She slowed down even more , moving cautiously along the cushion of grass , dark now in the thick of the trees .
tr	PAST	Then she giggled , a sound that for some reason made Reginald 's blood hunger rise to the back of his throat .
tr	PRES	She attempts to straighten her face , " I 'm sorry .
tr	PAST	Preferring the latter , she inched toward him .
tr	PAST	a voice perked up from the rear followed by chuckling .
tr	PAST	Cora stormed to the bed , grasping the post - she began to pull .
tr	PRES	Bottom line , Hannah deserves her day in court .
tr	PRES	" Isn 't it a bit late for you to go home , Maggie ? "
tr	PAST	But so much hinged on Colin 's visit that Luna had spent the past few days working side by side with Dulcie and Sybil .
tr	PAST	The pillows bore her lavender scent , but Eleanor had gone .
tr	PAST	I sniffed at his general direction and caught the scent of sedatives , a massive amount of it too .
tr	PRES	Always lets everyone know I 'm his .
tr	PAST	Martin awoke , with a degree of surprise on each occasion , to two , bright African dawns .
tr	PAST	" And I never lied to you , Noah .
tr	PRES	Courtney flashes a smile that 's all teeth .
tr	PRES	she twirls for me .
tr	PRES	After exchanging hugs , she holds me in front of her , scanning my face .
tr	PRES	He reaches out to support me .
tr	PRES	" Mint chocolate chip in a sugar cone . "
tr	PAST	" And you produced a son and heir . "
tr	PRES	" I don 't know , lass .
tr	PRES	" I figured as much , " I teased .
tr	PAST	He clipped it on his shirt and headed for the elevator .
tr	PRES	Her face fades of color as she clumsily sets the cup down on the table , spilling tea all over the place .
tr	PRES	" You compelled them ? "
tr	PRES	I spare a curse for my ex-husband , who was in charge of safety when we met .
tr	PAST	she shrieked suddenly , scrambling up the bed as a masked figure stepped up before her .
tr	PAST	The tattoo of his tentacles glowed as if outlined with phosphorus .
tr	PAST	Alec eyed her suspiciously .
tr	PAST	I stripped off my armor , set it carefully on the mats and waited .
tr	PAST	The bracelet around her wrist vibrated and pulsed as the dark words were spoken , and she kept hold of her sister , unable to let go .
tr	PRES	It helps him sympathize and identify with his fellow humans . "
tr	PRES	The ball slams into the fence right in Brian 's face .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head at the papers spread on the floor and inched over to them .
tr	PRES	All of a sudden the phone rang , startling me .
tr	PRES	She holds up a hand in panicked frustration , like she doesn 't want to hear any more , and I feel terrible .
tr	PAST	" But you solved everything . "
tr	PRES	she tries to ask , mouthing the words slowly because she can 't be heard .
tr	PAST	A man he 'd stationed there half an hour ago reported all was quiet out back .
tr	PAST	She scrawled something down on a napkin , her face blushing , and set it next to his beer .
tr	PAST	As I stalked back to my chair , I eyed him .
tr	PAST	The tall Russian regarded me for a moment and then nodded slowly .
tr	PRES	" What remains to be done ? "
tr	PAST	I washed my hands , looking at myself in the mirror while Tobias finished his pit stop .
tr	PAST	She lingered in the between , refusing to let go and move on .
tr	PRES	Pacing helps me breathe .
tr	PAST	He adjusted his tie .
tr	PRES	" Dammit , " Liam mutters .
tr	PRES	" By the Gods ! "
tr	PAST	She doubted she could answer all of Chief Stacy 's questions even if she really wanted the man apprehended .
tr	PRES	You arrive to find the cathedral guarded by paladins . "
tr	PAST	Over seventy cycles ago these differences plunged my world into a terrible war that threatened to tear it apart .
tr	PAST	We 're being ambushed .
tr	PRES	Apollo stands tall with an arched neck of confidence and cuteness , too .
tr	PRES	" What the heck ? "
tr	PAST	At three o ' clock Dad rumbled down the steps and entered the family room with a smile on his face .
tr	PAST	A lot of the times he proved me wrong .
tr	PRES	A voices booms out , causing me to jump .
tr	PRES	" A slice off the roast ? "
tr	PRES	' When the sun next rises . ' "
tr	PRES	I blurt , the words tripping out my mouth like a drunken old man .
tr	PRES	First , her daddy kills her mama , and now this .
tr	PAST	Alarm slapped me like a championship fighter in a boxing ring .
tr	PRES	Before leaving , they steal the video recording of their entrance and the printout of their movement throughout the museum .
tr	PRES	" I can 't let that happen , " I blurt .
tr	PRES	' And no disease or illness .
tr	PAST	After all she joked with Jake all the time .
tr	PAST	I motioned for Owen to sit tight in his vehicle as well , then walked around the SUV , placing myself between it and the house .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the corner of Raven 's soft mouth .
tr	PAST	Now , the grass and dirt in the field squished under his boots and he trod carefully so as not to slip .
tr	PAST	He hooked one arm inside the cage like a cat playing with a bird .
tr	PAST	It soaked Ren 's hair and stained the white feathers that were attached by leather cords .
tr	PRES	" That usually helps . "
tr	PAST	I crouched low and quiet in my hiding place praying they would not discover me .
tr	PAST	" The spell is designed to purge your identity , " she haltingly attempted to clarify .
tr	PRES	Perhaps , someone who craved a large payoff .
tr	PRES	They feed off pain and fear , like it 's water and air .
tr	PAST	He impatiently extended his arm further which , in turn , gave me no choice but to grab his hand .
tr	PRES	She passes me the note as she goes .
tr	PAST	She sniffed again and turned , walking off .
tr	PAST	Stacy hooked his thumbs in his belt .
tr	PAST	Heavenly music floated down to greet them .
tr	PAST	They piled on top of me , pressed me to the floor , protecting me with their bodies .
tr	PAST	The biggest smile emerged on his face and then it disappeared as he kissed me again .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Mrs. Dupont 's face warped grotesquely in anger .
tr	PAST	An ache pierced my chest .
tr	PAST	The cat propped his paws up on the screen and pushed on the glass .
tr	PAST	He hopped up on the tractor and found the keys still in the ignition .
tr	PRES	Jack opens another beer and tops it off with lemon lime soda .
tr	PRES	Most people tremble in their boots and kiss his ass .
tr	PAST	Then the ropes unraveled and dropped to the ground .
tr	PAST	" There 's another one up there , " he grunted .
tr	PRES	The alarm stops and I jump off the bed , pull my nightgown down over my head , then run to the bathroom to do my business .
tr	PRES	I chew on my bottom lip and begin to doubt that I have any idea what I 've gotten myself into .
tr	PAST	The body of milky white water churned as if there was a fire beneath it .
tr	PRES	" What accounts ? "
tr	PRES	" Can we spare so long ? "
tr	PRES	My head begins to pound from the harsh glare of the florescent lights bouncing off the reflective surface of the linoleum .
tr	PRES	He slides out of bed , and once he 's past the covers , I see that he 's not wearing pants .
tr	PAST	Jared volunteered to help me ?
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered on Conor .
tr	PRES	Sudden changes disturb the Younger Gods . "
tr	PRES	Everyone loves Bertie and Alix , as she 's often called .
tr	PAST	He appraised Beth once more , this time as a potential candidate .
tr	PRES	" Can you swim ? "
tr	PAST	Catriona just stares at him with contempt .
tr	PAST	" I know your language , " he cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	Blood floats from a ragged tear like steam .
tr	PRES	You know , she just stretches it out and steps through whenever she needs to recharge her evilness . "
tr	PAST	My entire existence shrank into trying to draw air into my lungs .
tr	PRES	Mel nearly chokes , but recovers quickly and doesn 't look up at me .
tr	PAST	He jabbed the spot with his finger .
tr	PAST	Surprise chased some of the sadness from her eyes .
tr	PRES	" Three strikes and you 're out . "
tr	PAST	The windows glowed in the late August sunlight , but I was too busy trying to remember how to breathe to admire it .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted and pulled at his beard -- still worried .
tr	PRES	He stands up and then guides me to my feet before he leans in to kiss me .
tr	PAST	" Well , you need to clear that to her then , " she urged .
tr	PRES	It loses all interest when you know the outcome .
tr	PRES	A single tear falls down my cheek and it 's one tear too many , so I quickly wipe it away .
tr	PAST	A clap of thunder bounced off the mountains as if echoing Blake and Dallin 's irritation which was building up while they searched for me .
tr	PRES	He flashes through the inky blackness of the night .
tr	PAST	She stormed past him , careful not to touch him .
tr	PAST	A wry smile curved my mouth .
tr	PAST	The baby sobbed , not understanding the fear he sensed from those around him .
tr	PRES	" Why don 't you just relax , and I 'll make dinner . "
tr	PAST	" All died during the Civil War , " Boone announced looking at the dates .
tr	PAST	However the information proved to be somewhat lacking in tactical value . "
tr	PRES	She flicks away her worry and turns back to the pink and black haired girl .
tr	PAST	But before he could fathom what to do next , the man much to his complete surprise urged him to sing .
tr	PAST	Confident that she was alone , Tara sought coffee before clothing .
tr	PRES	Fuckin ' helps if you 've actually got somewhere , though , doesn 't it ? "
tr	PRES	" A crazy co-worker , " I mutter .
tr	PRES	' That is correct , Sire .
tr	PAST	* A voice full of lightning and caverns and midnight skies floated through the Darkness , winding its way through sleep and dreams .
tr	PRES	I have to stop freaking out , ' I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Instead , he begged me to help him help you . "
tr	PAST	She slapped his arm .
tr	PRES	" I have seen things , captain .
tr	PAST	That glimpse past his tough exterior proved what I 've been afraid to admit to myself .
tr	PRES	He begins to back away from me , to shimmer like sparkling water .
tr	PRES	" Because that would be incredibly lame , not to mention goofy .
tr	PRES	Instinctively , she wraps her legs around my waist , straddling my dick and I growl when my hard erection makes contact with her core .
tr	PRES	" You probably could have done a better job , " I mumbled .
tr	PRES	Rebecca stands by and waits , whispering her son 's name , understanding now that Zion is the only one who can save this lost boy .
tr	PAST	I don 't care , " Audrey chimed in .
tr	PRES	" Conner Phelps . "
tr	PRES	Despite the regular influx of tourists , the view of the forests , waterfalls , blue mountain lakes , and snow-capped volcanoes remains startlingly pristine .
tr	PRES	Dorian 's eyes shone as his face split with a child-like grin .
tr	PRES	She hates him . "
tr	PRES	Cassie spun away from him , her still damp hair whipping out behind her .
tr	PRES	I bury my face in my hands and breathe .
tr	PRES	My dick twitches every time I see her doing that .
tr	PRES	And drinking all my damn whiskey .
tr	PAST	He 'd never in his life , experienced so much desire for a woman .
tr	PAST	He flicked drops in her face .
tr	PAST	In the old days beer never expired .
tr	PRES	Most of the customers forgave her awkwardness and even left tips -- tips that Evan said she was allowed to keep .
tr	PAST	Chuck palmed a card .
tr	PAST	The rest of her body reappeared .
tr	PAST	I should be thanking you , " he joked .
tr	PAST	The unfortunate prisoner crumpled to the ground without a quiver , his own blood adding to the crimson soaked sand .
tr	PAST	Len stole a glance from me and then turned back to Jim .
tr	PAST	Her eyes soaked up his every movement .
tr	PAST	He flicked between channels for further news , occasionally going to the window to check that no one was hanging around outside .
tr	PAST	" It can 't be this easy , " Lucas uttered , mirroring her own thoughts .
tr	PRES	I mumbled and stared at him .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice deep enough to pleasantly rumble in her ear .
tr	PRES	A third man with a buzz cut towers over the others .
tr	PRES	He tries to pull me away from the wreckage but I whip my gun out and start firing , ducking and diving towards my father .
tr	PAST	* * * Jax undressed me , washed his semen away with a warm washcloth , and arranged me on the bed .
tr	PRES	" Perhaps this Eva Jordan 's body releases some sort of chemical that attracts your wolf ? "
tr	PRES	Her wavy gray hair shimmers as a smile stretches across her rosy face .
tr	PAST	Or so he prayed .
tr	PAST	She watched him intently , her eyes riveted to his .
tr	PRES	Looking at the dishes on the side there were cups , plates , and bowls .
tr	PRES	' And , Legolas , when the torches are kindled and men walk on the sandy floors under the echoing domes , ah !
tr	PAST	" Your loss served a greater cause .
tr	PAST	Potted palms provided a green screen in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows .
tr	PAST	Konstantin clutched Monk 's sleeve .
tr	PRES	The view fills her with a comforting sense of calmness .
tr	PAST	You 're not to worry about me , she instructed softly .
tr	PAST	She tugged the covers up .
tr	PAST	She tensed , expecting pain , a bite , but he licked her flesh .
tr	PAST	the old woman asked , her right eyebrow cocked high .
tr	PAST	He blamed himself for mentioning Michael Jackson and speaking about tragic things .
tr	PRES	Chapter Five Far Away From Here I lean against the kitchen counter with Gage as Dr. Oliver stitches up the side of Logan 's face .
tr	PAST	He exhaled with what seemed like regret .
tr	PAST	Some claimed he was an Immortal .
tr	PAST	After looking in all directions and seeing no other human , Kieron 's disappointment overflowed .
tr	PRES	" If it is all that important to the security of the Realm to preserve your nails . "
tr	PRES	Everything slows to a stop .
tr	PRES	His fingers inched down ... down ... then stopped at the moist slit .
tr	PAST	" And that 's not going to be easy , " Saldana predicted .
tr	PAST	He untied the rope , and Lawson pulled it back toward us .
tr	PAST	A woman twirled near the hedge .
tr	PAST	As concisely as possible , Viper revealed what they had discovered in the auction house .
tr	PAST	He tugged on her hand .
tr	PRES	And while she understood that Lucas was following his quest , deep inside , it still stung .
tr	PRES	My mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	Tires squealed on the pavement as he launched forward .
tr	PAST	Gertie sniffed a few times and started to fade , now that the excitement was retreating .
tr	PRES	The look in his eyes pushes me nearly over the edge .
tr	PRES	" And Ruby sees him too .
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes , straining to see something , anything , but there was nothing .
tr	PAST	He wrecked because he was thinking about me .
tr	PAST	" You 've never told me how you know Delphine and Louis 's scent to recognize it , " Bones stated .
tr	PRES	He covered his head with his hood again when he stepped outside , his hair still damp .
tr	PAST	He extended a cup toward her .
tr	PRES	" Calm down ... " The man approaches , he ignores her and makes his way to me .
tr	PAST	David gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Your eyes glazed over and your lips turned down . "
tr	PAST	And then images replaced the words -- of being pushed in the mud , slandered and insulted , of being hated and ridiculed .
tr	PRES	As time passed , the baby birds hatched and went on their way .
tr	PAST	He marveled at the town 's commerce .
tr	PAST	she rasped in her low , eerie , broken voice .
tr	PRES	" Whatever you need to think to feel better about it , " I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PAST	Her hands lingered on him whenever possible .
tr	PAST	She effortlessly steered clear of the rocks and jagged edges of the walls .
tr	PRES	In most cases , the lycanthropy virus destroys a person 's humanity .
tr	PAST	" My boyfriend skipped out on me . "
tr	PAST	I stripped off everything but my boots , completely forgetting about them .
tr	PAST	In my mind , even though I didn 't entirely like Denver , I still trusted him .
tr	PAST	And the moment it slowed down we would jump off and run away before the driver saw us .
tr	PRES	He pushes my panties aside , making me moan softly as he works a finger inside me .
tr	PRES	Sometimes it helps , but you 'd be surprised how that racket carries .
tr	PAST	Maggie Frampton served the meal of leftovers in stony silence .
tr	PAST	They exited through what appeared to be an indoor hallway lined with wooden beams , benches and plants .
tr	PAST	He swirled his solution around in the vial before setting in back into its holder .
tr	PRES	I freeze , hot tears in my eyes .
tr	PRES	What about Felix ? "
tr	PRES	" Go ahead honey , I 'm right behind you , " Mom whispers , giving me a little shove .
tr	PAST	Winkler hauled Ashe upright by his shirt collar , setting him on his feet easily .
tr	PAST	George extended his hand toward Zach 's face and held out the small packages .
tr	PAST	He cups his hand over mine .
tr	PRES	" I saw your race , " she beamed .
tr	PAST	She smoked half a pack of cigarettes while she listened to Hannah tear up her room .
tr	PRES	" F -- fuck off ! "
tr	PRES	" I assume to grace us with your beauty wouldn 't work ? "
tr	PRES	He opens the fridge and puts his hand out like he 's Vanna White .
tr	PRES	" My father only wishes to save the town .
tr	PRES	" Second lesson . "
tr	PRES	Pain and grief dawns in her dark eyes ; I can tell she gets it .
tr	PAST	He tugged against the chains that bound his ankles , cussing mightily as the silver burned deeper into his skin .
tr	PRES	He remembers that it 's July 4th , but that seems like a rude thing to mention to a Canadian .
tr	PRES	" That terrifies me most of all . "
tr	PAST	Alma attempted to work her poor Arabic lexicon into a translation of the English prayers , but eventually they both tired of the communication gap .
tr	PRES	" She loves me . "
tr	PRES	" Don 't worry , miss , " he cal ed .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around me and I allow the embrace .
tr	PRES	" Hurry , please hurry , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Nearly everyone in town attended .
tr	PAST	Feet shuffled and then Zoey heard something heavy sit in a chair .
tr	PAST	the pepper pot persisted .
tr	PAST	The grip of the fever lessened though it didn 't loose me entirely , and I found myself gasping and shivering .
tr	PAST	" No , " Taylor joked , " this game is for fallen pilots only .
tr	PAST	" Mine , " he rasped as he scraped his fangs down the line of her throat .
tr	PAST	Here the spirit of easy camaraderie prevailed ; there , of mean-spirited competitiveness .
tr	PAST	The first page rustled as the book trembled in my hand .
tr	PRES	" But that is what I mean , Elijah .
tr	PAST	The voice swirled in her mind .
tr	PAST	Tennis court lights twinkled in backyards .
tr	PAST	Cain moved with purpose to Tam 's tent , the ziplock bag clutched in his hand , careful not to damage the parchment inside .
tr	PRES	Without a word he stands up , with me on his lap .
tr	PRES	" Or a little Gideon . "
tr	PRES	" Come with me , Peter , " begged Leonard .
tr	PAST	When the doctor didn 't respond , he withdrew , feigning disappointment , and continued .
tr	PRES	" No appetite ? "
tr	PRES	Because he had been serious about just taking the star bal .
tr	PRES	' Poor lonely man . '
tr	PAST	Digging into my bag frantically , I acted as if I was getting a phone call .
tr	PRES	He lacks my experience on Earth . "
tr	PRES	" He likes to go outside and piss . "
tr	PAST	The Salvation guard rummaged in his pack and produced two stunning , supple pairs of boots .
tr	PRES	She likes to hold hands when we go to the movies . "
tr	PAST	" How about an omelet . "
tr	PAST	The light brightened again then dimmed through the doorway in the larger main room .
tr	PAST	Mai elbowed Clint , returning his eyes to the front .
tr	PAST	I nuzzled my nose against his , the tingling between my legs growing more insistent .
tr	PAST	Remarkably the crimson cloth emerged unscathed and steaming from its bath among the rich nutrients the jungle surroundings provided .
tr	PAST	The pilot announced on the overhead speaker that we would make out descent soon .
tr	PRES	She returns to her food , listening to music that 's just a faint hiss to me .
tr	PAST	He anticipated it would be hard for her to hear those words , but he had not expected this .
tr	PAST	Her phone vibrated in her pocket .
tr	PRES	Just remember , a Smitten Kitten always lands on her feet . "
tr	PAST	" So , how 's life treated you ? "
tr	PAST	Once again he sensed it , the faint , invisible tug that urged him deeper into the flooded labyrinth .
tr	PRES	It brings to mind that dubious quote from Goebbels about the size of the lie and how often it has to be told .
tr	PRES	The alerted sentry draws his sword and rushes toward me .
tr	PRES	For that reason only , I approve of this plan of action . "
tr	PAST	As the meaning of the lawyer 's words sank in , Annie experienced the distinct impression that the floor had tilted under her .
tr	PAST	He hooked an arm around a limb , hefted himself over and settled , straddling a swaying branch .
tr	PRES	Come in , " I mumbled and stepped aside .
tr	PAST	She writhed on the floor and howled , the noise a keening that was simultaneously desperate and furious .
tr	PAST	Eventually , a frustrated and angry scowl adorned his face .
tr	PAST	She then flicked a bunch of pasta at him and soon the pasta and water were flying everywhere .
tr	PAST	The head server announced dinner , and everyone began to move to their assigned seats .
tr	PRES	He glances up at me , noticing that I 'm staring .
tr	PRES	He whispers something to her that I can 't hear , that I was never meant to hear , and I open my mouth to speak .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes .
tr	PAST	On my world , my generation endured .
tr	PRES	Extremely bright lightning reaches to all ends of the sky .
tr	PRES	Oh , some magic always remains , enough for day-to-day living and parlor tricks , but not the Craft , not the lifeblood of our kind .
tr	PRES	" Of course , Your Highness .
tr	PAST	Jacob shuffled , woke and stared back at her for seconds that seemed to stretch into forever before he spoke .
tr	PRES	He stands there above me for a few seconds in silence .
tr	PAST	The paper crumpled in Smith 's hands as Tatiana said , " I don 't want Valentina to see this .
tr	PAST	Mariah 's heartbeat sped up , whether from fear or some darker , more dangerous , unknown emotion .
tr	PRES	" Men are visual creatures , " Carmen lectures me .
tr	PRES	" Aunt Pol ! "
tr	PRES	He lets out a small sigh .
tr	PAST	In the space of one detoured glance , a piece of scrap wood bounced off the back of some ramshackle truck , landing in my lane .
tr	PRES	" Play nice , Isabella .
tr	PAST	The weight of them all collapsed the fire escape , but I grabbed a part of the bar .
tr	PAST	They motioned to me to keep searching .
tr	PAST	I thought about that and I said as he said , they ceased linking me to her .
tr	PAST	His hold strengthened around her hand .
tr	PAST	The mocking laughter fled , the cold receded , and the shroud of malice lifted .
tr	PRES	He falls backward , hard , and she worries about him bumping his head until she gets closer and sees the gaping wound in his forehead .
tr	PAST	An owl hooted quietly from the rafters and I fought the urge to turn and run out .
tr	PAST	Reid 's words mirrored my own thoughts .
tr	PAST	And with that choice , they risked death .
tr	PAST	" German shepherd ? "
tr	PAST	McNab circled close behind Ainsley , which made her step forward into Cameron 's heat .
tr	PRES	But instead he hears , HOLD .
tr	PAST	White water churned over the bumps and twists of the waterbed .
tr	PRES	The cop inhales suddenly , and it 's way too loud .
tr	PAST	He mockingly announced with a smile .
tr	PAST	Smartly early on after the war Babylonia invested in ideas that The Empire Of Steam has developed during the war .
tr	PRES	Rachel allows me to open the door for her in the entrance and to my apartment .
tr	PRES	Kent opens all of them and examines the machines .
tr	PRES	The president of that company and his wife vanish .
tr	PRES	Desperate attempts to stave off monotony in old age ?
tr	PAST	Her eyes soaked up the sight of him after so many weeks apart .
tr	PAST	At first , I panicked and tried to pull away , but then I realized that he was right .
tr	PRES	" You need to sleep , " he murmurs against my skin .
tr	PRES	Brooke plucked at her loose peasant blouse , the limo suddenly stuffy .
tr	PRES	It bursts into a bright storm of lights .
tr	PRES	" Don 't flatter yourself , Highness .
tr	PRES	Rachel wraps her hands around her stomach and peers over the railing to the floor below .
tr	PRES	He owes a lot of money , and eventually he has to figure out a way to pay it off .
tr	PRES	Only the Allies threaten us . "
tr	PRES	He glances up at me , and for the briefest instant , he looks like he 's considering it , but then he frowns .
tr	PRES	... I du n no , bro , you might want to wash those before you touch them . "
tr	PRES	" Noah Wilson Reid ! "
tr	PAST	She jolted a little and fought to keep him from seeing it .
tr	PAST	The rest of the story claimed their parents had become missionaries in New Guinea .
tr	PAST	We received your application a few months ago . "
tr	PAST	They chased him , but in order for this to work properly we need to show as much of the Louvre as we can .
tr	PRES	A slight smile plays around his lips .
tr	PRES	A picture pops up of gold lions , one on each side of a large ornamental gate .
tr	PAST	He cups my face in his hands , drops his forehead down to rest on mine .
tr	PAST	She attempted to further their progress , but her movements grew slower and more uncoordinated as the minutes ticked by .
tr	PAST	He stiffened and moved back a step .
tr	PAST	And now she prayed that he had other matters on his mind .
tr	PRES	" I felt the same , " Trick states .
tr	PRES	Each school hosts two sports and for two days the teams stay together and travel between the venues .
tr	PAST	This one acted as if she wanted to be forgotten .
tr	PAST	Suddenly a loud commotion arose from the living room .
tr	PRES	She holds me at arm 's length .
tr	PAST	It glided up to the rear of the truck and stopped directly under him .
tr	PRES	He opens himself up for pain .
tr	PRES	Jackson wraps his arms around me .
tr	PAST	They sloshed against the sodden earth behind me as they approached the car .
tr	PRES	And then he sees me .
tr	PAST	Several of them represented churches that had been burned down .
tr	PAST	I sought complete emptiness .
tr	PAST	Manifolds of intimidating complexity split pipes only to join them together again .
tr	PAST	The torn metal of the bolts and hinges glowed orange-red with heat where they had torn .
tr	PAST	Rourke 's laughter bounced off the boulders and echoed back into my ears .
tr	PRES	" He deserves you , and you deserve him . "
tr	PAST	He tugged at his cravat and hopelessly fouled the knot .
tr	PAST	Between the two he abandoned subterfuge , and instead pegged his hopes on his speed of travel .
tr	PRES	It fel backward , hitting the ground hard .
tr	PRES	Not with her hands sliding down my back , her breathing ragged in my ears .
tr	PAST	But his involuntary guess proved entirely correct , in the event .
tr	PRES	The white wolf pup .
tr	PAST	" When Ariella died , everything inside me froze .
tr	PAST	He didn 't have to tell me twice , I teleported and nearly lost it when I appeared in the middle of a small crowd .
tr	PRES	Brielle joins us as we speed over to Logan 's truck .
tr	PRES	Some of the weight on me falls off my shoulders .
tr	PAST	" Okay ... " The bell above the door chimed .
tr	PRES	" You 're brave one minute , skittish the next .
tr	PRES	She glares at me with annoyance .
tr	PAST	Now , my fingers lingered on the vodka bottle as I teetered on the edge of getting a refill .
tr	PAST	The joy in her vibrated through her mouth straight to his hard flesh .
tr	PRES	If you accelerate them further , the object disappears completely .
tr	PRES	" Everyone already loves you . "
tr	PRES	" Which agent ? "
tr	PRES	We tagged animals and took blood and tissue samples .
tr	PAST	I sensed killers and victims .
tr	PAST	His attention flicked to her side , where her hand currently rested on a dagger .
tr	PAST	Her only real friend in this messed up world .
tr	PRES	Especially when they scent prey .
tr	PRES	My vision clears and I see my attacker lying nearby , his eyes are glassy , a knife lodged in his back .
tr	PAST	In a slow motion , Fredrick grappled down behind the column of 13 's .
tr	PAST	" Eric messed with me . "
tr	PAST	" Perhaps his armour protected him .
tr	PRES	" You belong to me ! "
tr	PAST	But some things you didn 't forget , he reflected .
tr	PRES	Whatever problem you have with me , you bury it while she 's here , and you give her the best you 've got .
tr	PRES	" All my favorite dishes .
tr	PAST	They backtracked most of the way to Lakeside , but found no sign of them . "
tr	PRES	Serena glances at the maiden , who keeps her eyes downcast .
tr	PRES	Octavia 's brother lies dead in the grass .
tr	PRES	" Pregnant , " he whispers .
tr	PRES	He begins leading me upstairs , as much as I want to scream for Olivia , I can 't speak .
tr	PRES	You stink , Tyler . "
tr	PRES	All the Chests thunk to the floor as I redirect my telekinesis , snatching the gun out of his hands .
tr	PRES	I assume that you have not eaten your noon meal .
tr	PRES	Pleased as punch to meet you . "
tr	PAST	She lazily flicked , gasping , " Like this ? "
tr	PRES	She flips me off and jerks herself off the couch and starts toward the front door .
tr	PRES	She wove her fingers with his and tugged gently , then guided him in the direction of the festive music .
tr	PAST	The world bore the brunt of loads of stupidity before a miniscule portion of it could stand the test of a genius .
tr	PAST	She had never desired anything but happiness for those women .
tr	PRES	' Fool me once , shame on you .
tr	PAST	I was practically awake anyway , " Kylie lied .
tr	PRES	" They make my hair frizz , " I add , trying to think of other reasons why people might hate storms .
tr	PAST	" I messed that up .
tr	PAST	The girl with red hair flicked a glance at her , and the malicious pleasure came back .
tr	PAST	The common area extended to the right .
tr	PRES	' The El Greco resort . ' '
tr	PRES	She slows the kiss down , running her tongue along my bottom lip , then nipping at the top .
tr	PAST	' Or perhaps he just wanted to kill a white person in revenge for what happened to his father , ' Peter pondered .
tr	PAST	She topped in her tracks .
tr	PRES	Inside , Shelton flips the latch on the kitchen door .
tr	PAST	He collapsed on top of her .
tr	PRES	" My Aunt likes things to be beautiful .
tr	PRES	" Shut up , you liar ! "
tr	PAST	" Eleanor has given birth , and the child lives , " he announced .
tr	PRES	All those damn snow days add up . "
tr	PAST	The evidence piled up and he forgot about sleep .
tr	PRES	Sweat drips down my face as we trot around the track , warming up .
tr	PAST	His black gaze bore straight into hers until she felt as if he were taking possession of her , forcing compliance in some way .
tr	PRES	" Please ... William , you have to believe me , " she begged .
tr	PAST	Maggie clutched a fist over her heart .
tr	PAST	When she realized that her head was laying against Malik 's chest , she gasped and drew back , horrified that she was in bed with him .
tr	PAST	The others quickly concurred .
tr	PRES	Serena glances at Murphy then the king , bringing her hand to the side of her breastplate , touching the special arrow Ronan gave her .
tr	PAST	Spying a stout , dark-skinned woman delivering drinks to another table , the Captain motioned for her to come over .
tr	PAST	Jemma squealed and ran to give him a hug , before lowering herself in front of the box and checking the tiny shelves and storage racks .
tr	PAST	The stage manager counted down , slapping her hand against her thigh in time to the beat .
tr	PAST	Scars crisscrossed his arms where they showed from the armor ; including a few from me .
tr	PRES	Did it ever occur to you to ask who it was ? "
tr	PAST	I leaped onto the bed and untied his hands in seconds , pressing my head into his neck as he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	PRES	he said , his tone scornful .
tr	PAST	I lied and promised her I 'd call her if I got into trouble , but I knew I couldn 't do that .
tr	PAST	Tucker scribbled on the pass , taking in a deep breath as Trystan spoke .
tr	PAST	He thrived when working .
tr	PRES	As you can see , nearly everyone here recognizes you as their daughter . "
tr	PRES	Pox frowns , shaking his skull .
tr	PRES	" Calm down , Faye . "
tr	PAST	Curtains hung over the large windows by both sides of the wall , all of them painted in an exquisite green colour .
tr	PRES	" I did , " she murmurs as if she 's wondering what he 's getting at .
tr	PRES	I reclaimed the card .
tr	PRES	" Then you forgive me ?
tr	PAST	They chased off the shadows and vampires , but in the process lost sight of where I was coming down .
tr	PAST	Only the most foolhardy dared risk coming here .
tr	PAST	His gaze crawled over her face .
tr	PRES	Scrambling for his gun , he reclaimed it and raised it , pointing at the entrance to the room .
tr	PRES	" Take care of her , " he whispers in my ear .
tr	PAST	Starlight reflected off pale blond hair .
tr	PAST	Lightly rasped her with his teeth .
tr	PAST	His shocked stare only served to make Beth more furious than ever .
tr	PRES	' We lust for you and your blood and your body .
tr	PRES	" It lets me move around more freely .
tr	PRES	" That really pisses me off that that guy did that to you . "
tr	PAST	She 's chased me all over Japan with that cursed sword . "
tr	PAST	Patrick hopped into the ditch for cover .
tr	PAST	The policeman eyed the coffee like he was going to switch to real stuff someday .
tr	PRES	Coop flashes before my eyes like a poltergeist , hot and alive , burning in a vat of flames .
tr	PAST	She giggled and I handed over a few twenties .
tr	PRES	" The king wishes to speak with Mr Thomas and Gatsby . "
tr	PRES	' What a marvel ! '
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth ; just then my mother comes into the hall , her face pale .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PRES	Evie glances over at me with a crooked eyebrow .
tr	PRES	An acrid burning smell fills the air , inescapable .
tr	PRES	Martin throws the ball at Max .
tr	PRES	" Aw , come on , my darlin ' .
tr	PRES	" A baby Chey ... .
tr	PAST	Instead the birdsong preaches clipped and constant through the air .
tr	PRES	Inhale ... exhale ... inhale ... exhale ... " Nova . "
tr	PRES	" To New Shore .
tr	PRES	Emma begins to weep softly as she places her hand upon the door .
tr	PRES	I snuggle into Logan 's shoulder as a pillow .
tr	PAST	" Nonsense , " Mags exclaimed , as I shook my head .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth , working his jaw back and forth .
tr	PAST	I eyed the gun .
tr	PRES	My breath freezes in my throat .
tr	PAST	" Help her , " I begged , looking at the others on the table .
tr	PRES	Light , old Moon , shine ! "
tr	PAST	Ethan slapped a hand over the pocket .
tr	PRES	" What about the summit reception ? "
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply and told herself she was imagining things .
tr	PAST	State television announced that a number of radicals had been arrested for inciting violence and encouraging civil disobedience .
tr	PRES	" Not a riddle , not a game , the truth lies deep within your name .
tr	PAST	My hand absorbed the light as I funneled my hatred and vengeance into Henri .
tr	PRES	Lexie brings a glass to my lips .
tr	PRES	My housekeeper cooks meals and freezes them .
tr	PRES	I exhale a sigh of relief before a rush of excitement thrills through me .
tr	PAST	" Nothing , " I lied .
tr	PAST	She claimed to be a graduate student at the national university , but that told me little .
tr	PRES	" Everyone OK ? "
tr	PRES	Praying that he 'd been using the words " can 't die " figuratively .
tr	PRES	He likes his job at the pajama factory .
tr	PRES	That explains the physique .
tr	PAST	One strand shot out and snagged Elena around the wrist .
tr	PAST	I stuffed the last piece of toast in my mouth and carried my plate to the sink .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed you spent so much time in the mud as a soldier .
tr	PAST	His lips curved up in a fake smile of greeting , and she forced hers to do the same .
tr	PRES	I wipe the sweat from my hairline with the back of my hand .
tr	PAST	He charged off , heeding no cry or call .
tr	PAST	Harlow announced as she walked into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	A question occurs to me .
tr	PAST	I just never dreamed they would do something like confront you in a bathroom .
tr	PAST	It freed something up inside of me to be with someone like her , someone that I knew wouldn 't tell me no .
tr	PRES	Way to go , Jess .
tr	PRES	" What kind of situations ? "
tr	PRES	He was on her fast , a lion bringing down prey easily , jerking her to a halt and spinning her around to face him .
tr	PRES	" Bo , if you know something , tel me . "
tr	PAST	I blink the long sequences of thoughts from my mind , ones created from the adrenaline coursing through me , along with an abundance of alcohol .
tr	PRES	" Try me , " he offers , his smile turning cocky as we both put on the charade .
tr	PAST	A calmness washed over me , and it was just Annabelle and me .
tr	PRES	" Which brings me to the important part of this little speech . "
tr	PAST	Town walls circled both Gunnar 's house and much of the rest of the town .
tr	PAST	He squinted as he grinned .
tr	PAST	He tormented me with kisses .
tr	PAST	He unzipped the pack and handed her a bottle of water .
tr	PRES	Finally , I wipe the sleeve of my shirt across my cheek .
tr	PAST	" Don 't forget about those shirts , " Katherine joked while she mimed pulling on a shirt .
tr	PRES	Asks Rosie , causing the faces of both of them to darken slightly .
tr	PRES	I kind of resemble her , so to leave her cover intact , I pretended to be her wearing this waitress outfit . "
tr	PAST	Or perhaps they sensed hidden resources within me and knew my cause wasn 't hopeless .
tr	PRES	Especially when he adds , " The same holds true for the cheetah and lynx .
tr	PRES	Only when he heard the gruff summons , did he crack the door and stick his head around . " '
tr	PAST	Cora fanned her face .
tr	PAST	" She just got up to use the bathroom , " he lied .
tr	PAST	His mom invited us for dinner , if you want to come with us , ' Evan announced .
tr	PRES	A lump fills my throat .
tr	PRES	" I 'm standing right here , " I mumbled .
tr	PAST	Got it , " Hawk replied , delighted at this turn of events .
tr	PAST	They tormented sleepers for both sustenance and pleasure .
tr	PRES	That I 'm nothing more than a stand-in for Logan while he and Skyla have some closet bond that brings them even closer .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and pursed her lips .
tr	PRES	She had to admit , it chafed being protected rather than providing that security .
tr	PAST	He scooted closer to me and I looked away .
tr	PAST	Physical lust ... and bloodlust .
tr	PAST	Ava reflected on her hard and painful journey to meeting Matt .
tr	PRES	Each of the spirits stretches and wraps around the fleeing girl .
tr	PRES	" Stan Turner . "
tr	PAST	" Your mother remarried , but that marriage ended quickly in divorce .
tr	PAST	The island hunter sturdily limped his way through the ravine following his muscular cousin .
tr	PAST	" Eight seconds on the back of a bull , " Will stated , no hint of a question .
tr	PAST	" Yeah , the cloud dust doesn 't cut your feet , " Grace scoffed .
tr	PAST	" Not yet , " he rasped .
tr	PRES	And if he can 't own something , or someone , then he destroys the something or someone . "
tr	PRES	" Captain , it is an honor as always , " Lisa states simply .
tr	PRES	" My sister hates me .
tr	PRES	He loves you very much . "
tr	PRES	I HAVE A CRUSH ON HIM .
tr	PAST	She giggled at this .
tr	PRES	" That 's a no , I assume ? "
tr	PAST	" You have to be the most selfish dragon I 've ever met , " Rhona accused .
tr	PRES	" No small achievement for a fifteen-year-old . "
tr	PRES	I swing my legs around and sit up , allowing my feet to dangle over the side of the huge bed .
tr	PRES	He releases a cynical laugh .
tr	PAST	I refrained from mentioning that I could talk to Snowball and tell her how important it was to be polite because they wouldn 't believe me .
tr	PRES	" Nymph birthday party ! "
tr	PRES	Liar to the girl he likes .
tr	PAST	The idea that Ezra had influenced Kellen 's mind troubled her .
tr	PRES	She glares at me .
tr	PAST	For her friends benefit , she quickly outlined what had happened when she 'd unexpectedly arrived at Sawyer 's offices .
tr	PAST	Several others chimed in .
tr	PAST	It mingled with her scent .
tr	PRES	She tries to make me look at her , but I can 't .
tr	PAST	I gather you were kind enough to carry some of our messages today , ' Gilt rumbled .
tr	PRES	Your father loves you very much is all and he just wants to protect you .
tr	PRES	" Damn panties . "
tr	PAST	I thanked him and rang off .
tr	PAST	Kathy exclaimed as Margie and her newborn son , Joshua , came into the office .
tr	PRES	Chloe , I 'm your mother , err your friend , and friends don 't leave each other . "
tr	PAST	I brace myself for an argument with her , because if Ethan is here , I am not leaving without seeing him .
tr	PRES	The sky above shone blue , but again there was no source of light .
tr	PAST	The tires squealed as Thomas raced back toward Dylan 's building .
tr	PRES	And Chris hates it , too .
tr	PRES	As if on cue the music changes .
tr	PRES	That thought allows me to step into the chamber .
tr	PRES	He tries to speak , but his pale lips cannot form the words .
tr	PAST	" Sally Hansen accused me of stealing her purse from the girls ' locker room and putting it in my locker .
tr	PAST	Alison scampered halfway up the stairs , picturing the diary in her mind 's eye .
tr	PRES	" Those little monsters freaked me out .
tr	PAST	six AFTER Tolliver and I had exchanged glances , we steered off the subject quickly .
tr	PRES	Comes out of the bedroom carrying that huge samurai sword that Ryan bought at the mall for forty dollars ? "
tr	PAST	Pierce countered back , trying to display the right amount of indignation .
tr	PRES	Having their full attention he slides his fingers along one side and the box opens .
tr	PRES	" Always lies and that big smile .
tr	PAST	" Nah , I 'd characterize you more like the phantom boss , " I joked .
tr	PAST	The cracking sound boomed through the air again and made us both look to the left .
tr	PAST	Even as I watched , another shoot crawled up to clutch lightly around my ankle .
tr	PRES	" Well , " he added slowly , " I assume that tells you everything . "
tr	PAST	Another Freak charged her back ; she was already blocking with everything she had .
tr	PRES	He glances up when I walk in and then lowers the light bulb .
tr	PRES	Most of the children roam free there until they decide to gain employment in the city or go off on their own . "
tr	PAST	Her fingers painted a trail of goose bumps down his neck then his sides before hooking in his belt .
tr	PAST	A warm rush fogged her brain .
tr	PRES	" Elizabeth ... " Elizabeth opens the door and allows the group to enter .
tr	PAST	I doubted Ellis and Miles would prove helpful , but Stalker and I could take them .
tr	PRES	She tries to talk a couple of times .
tr	PAST	She extended an arm to ward him off .
tr	PAST	" You risked my life , Noah , you risked Lucky 's life .
tr	PRES	Jared sat next to me , and we began passing around the different dishes , fil ing our plates .
tr	PAST	" We saw a lot of the lower ranking personnel and your bodyguard in the alcoves in the conservatory , " Sophia announced .
tr	PRES	I could have stayed there all day , " he mumbled in a ravenous , yearning voice .
tr	PAST	She elbowed me to one side and ran and hid behind the clock .
tr	PAST	" Your arms are red , " he stated .
tr	PAST	He dismissed the problem from his mind and returned to his own uncomfortable thoughts .
tr	PAST	The warm breeze of the tropical climate caressed her skin as she opened her blinds to take in the day .
tr	PAST	" That 's enough of a show , " rasped David as he closed the distance between them and pulled her mostly nude body into his arms .
tr	PRES	" Come on , cowboy .
tr	PRES	Then she squeezed both my hands and recited this : " Banish weaker mortal souls , we summons thee of witch 's role .
tr	PRES	He returns moments later , defeat in his eyes .
tr	PRES	A plain clothes detective ? "
tr	PAST	Somehow , I feared that whatever Bill had up his dramatic sleeve was going to be a lot more embarrassing than my offering to share my food .
tr	PRES	A half-inch gash across the meat of her thumb .
tr	PRES	The Firm frowns on drinking . "
tr	PRES	" I got it , " she whispers , flicking the errant sesame seed quickly to the floor .
tr	PAST	" The rest of you , exit by row and line up and we 'll see you one at a time . "
tr	PAST	" Go ahead and get ready , " I urged as I sat down .
tr	PAST	Everything about the town appealed to him .
tr	PAST	That dog we passed on the last block sensed you .
tr	PRES	" Clearly strong emotions surround this discovery .
tr	PAST	When the next song began Katherine panicked when no sound came from Calvin 's guitar .
tr	PRES	She drifts in and out , though I think she 's more sleeping than being unconscious . "
tr	PAST	Garrett tugged Duke to a stop when they came to a small stream with a couple of trees on the far bank .
tr	PRES	likes to pretend that he 's Steve Martin ( " to throw the paparazzi off the scent " ) .
tr	PAST	Tristan Reed barged in , his gray eyes glittering .
tr	PRES	I lean into his touch , reveling in the soft stroke of his skin .
tr	PRES	As he storms past her and then Brian , he pushes Brian again to the ground .
tr	PAST	Catherine 's eyes brightened at the mention of her husband .
tr	PAST	They 'd both abandoned me , though in different ways .
tr	PRES	Josh glances in my direction as he passes a semi on the highway .
tr	PAST	One that swept her up , hollowed her out , and left her aching for more ... more pleasure .
tr	PRES	Over and over again she plummets , quickly becoming a ghostly blur until a window of light opens directly above the grounded hero .
tr	PRES	' And Lionel Messi , always looking for an opportunity , sees the ball run loose .
tr	PRES	( A2 enters with a wild look on his face .
tr	PRES	She likes groveling . "
tr	PAST	Sonia 's body stiffened beside him which he completely ignored .
tr	PRES	Elena rifled through the files in both drawers , pul ing out first one thick folder and then a second .
tr	PAST	A face emerged within the vegetation , an older , bearded face , with short tusks curling up from his jaw .
tr	PRES	I hiss for her to turn it off , but she doesn 't , she just points it away .
tr	PRES	" Pardon , I did not mean to startle you , Gregor . "
tr	PAST	Howie treated him like he would one of his clients ; you had to earn their trust .
tr	PRES	He hates Sean . "
tr	PAST	The Wizard squinted , " Nope ; can 't make it out .
tr	PAST	He doubted if the intruder had breached the house , but he 'd followed them to the park .
tr	PAST	My adventuring served a number of purposes .
tr	PAST	Nicole clasped her hands together , fighting to retain her composure .
tr	PRES	She points at Trent .
tr	PAST	Vila shrieked as a cascade of water tumbled down from the leaf onto her head .
tr	PAST	Upon opening the antique mahogany armoire in Patch 's bedroom , my frantic search slowed .
tr	PRES	" No more lies , " he said , his voice a growl of restrained menace .
tr	PRES	" How about that teenage boy over near Bowling Green ?
tr	PRES	A moment later , someone returns with a jug .
tr	PAST	Somehow , I stifled the surprised scream in my throat .
tr	PRES	As long as it holds pressure .
tr	PRES	He holds me with one arm and opens the door with his other and then carries me inside , placing me gently on the bed .
tr	PRES	Minutes later , she enters , carrying a tub of Rocky Road ice cream and two spoons .
tr	PAST	A wave of relief washed over me .
tr	PRES	" The wraith and the vampire represent two halves of death , Mr. Ross . "
tr	PRES	Magnetic Eleanor touches her face with fingers that are kitten paws .
tr	PRES	Hilde falls to her knees before me .
tr	PRES	Energy pulses through it like a bolt of electricity needing an outlet .
tr	PRES	I yell angrily , unable to look at him .
tr	PRES	' Were they fuck !
tr	PAST	" But this is good , " Jared countered .
tr	PRES	He removes it from his pocket and silences it quickly .
tr	PRES	" Do it again , " she begs .
tr	PAST	His mind continually tuned itself toward Juliette .
tr	PRES	" But where are the guests ?
tr	PRES	He falls on top of me , his body lifeless .
tr	PRES	I clap my hands together to get Matt 's attention .
tr	PRES	" I hate both of you , " Dallas murmurs , not lifting her head as she leaves .
tr	PAST	That created a sort of generalized panic down in the valley .
tr	PAST	He collected his thoughts , pondering the best way to phrase his request .
tr	PAST	He frowned , eyes troubled with thought .
tr	PAST	He lounged in his hole , certain of his opinion .
tr	PAST	He sped up to match her pace .
tr	PRES	Well that explains where the reborn rage came from .
tr	PAST	" They 're going to take one look at me and instantly see that I 'm not good enough for you , " he countered .
tr	PRES	Mark flinches , glances up at Frank and then looks away .
tr	PAST	She prayed that Steve would get to Canada safely , and make a fresh start in his life , letting God be a part of it .
tr	PRES	And then - - an explosion rips open the ship .
tr	PRES	My headlights shone on Brandon 's Jeep .
tr	PRES	The first planet it tries to squat , Mars or Jupiter or Ganymede - " " The ship is going all the way out .
tr	PAST	Thanks to a serious lack of judgment and a night of subpar sex with a gym rat named Tiffany , even that sanctuary had taken a nosedive .
tr	PAST	" Wow , " he exclaimed , " this looks interesting .
tr	PAST	" You organized it ? "
tr	PRES	I drag it back to the room , and tie the remaining rope to another hook and the log .
tr	PRES	My eyebrows pul ed together .
tr	PRES	Still playing Mr. Cool , hmm ?
tr	PRES	Destiny turned on him , her expression fiercely protective .
tr	PRES	Asks Robert , my mind flickers back to the lights from the greenhouse I mistook for the setting sun .
tr	PAST	No , she preferred not to say what name she had been living under .
tr	PAST	" Early or late , sleep is sleep , " Victor grunted .
tr	PRES	" It looks haunted , " my mom mumbled to my father .
tr	PRES	A light drizzle falls .
tr	PAST	He stuffed a dinner roll in his mouth .
tr	PAST	I bounced up and slammed down hard again .
tr	PAST	You supported me from day one on this crazy adventure of mine .
tr	PAST	Rema reluctantly threaded the needle and took the fabric Aunt Maya shoved at her .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the top one and it popped open .
tr	PAST	" Hazelnut in the blue cups it is . "
tr	PRES	Everyone loves you . "
tr	PAST	She giggled and walked away .
tr	PAST	The small circle of men busted out laughing .
tr	PRES	Turns out that Whitfield Farms is right up the road from Cedar Hill .
tr	PRES	Plastic straps snap around his wrist and I jump at the sudden movement .
tr	PRES	As we walk to the parking lot Sean clears his throat .
tr	PRES	I see Lexie fighting a spirit with a large spear she holds .
tr	PAST	Phoebe shuffled Nina over to Marianna and glided toward him , drawing his eyes to her legs .
tr	PRES	" My name is Dagger , " he states , angrily .
tr	PRES	After that , silence falls between us .
tr	PRES	He 's backing up , his arm resting along the back of my seat .
tr	PAST	Unable to hold back anymore , anxiety and urgency eating through her restraint , she snatched her phone up , dialed his number .
tr	PRES	This applies to both traveling back and to using the viewing system itself . "
tr	PRES	" For one minute , humor me .
tr	PRES	And an American Express office ?
tr	PAST	The shooter in the woods disintegrated to grains of sand , spilling across the floor of the redwoods .
tr	PRES	His expression fades to soft .
tr	PRES	" Coop ... " She hates it .
tr	PRES	" That 's what I was afraid you said , " he mumbled .
tr	PAST	I hardly dared to hope .
tr	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I murmur to Brand as I grab the phone .
tr	PAST	Ashe hauled out his cell and sent a text to Winkler .
tr	PAST	Terry and Andrea received their results yesterday .
tr	PAST	He stole down the alley and turned the corner .
tr	PRES	The junior immigration lawyer softens his voice .
tr	PRES	" Emma Mason ? "
tr	PRES	Beast reaches across the small space and takes my hand in his .
tr	PRES	Does it still exist ? "
tr	PRES	Then everything changes . "
tr	PRES	" He loves me . "
tr	PRES	She stops in front of a wall blocking the road .
tr	PAST	She swiped at him .
tr	PRES	Dax passes me his flask .
tr	PAST	His voice revealed a level of worry and nerves I hadn 't noticed before .
tr	PRES	And she never talks . "
tr	PRES	Maybe he deserves to know .
tr	PAST	Ink smacked the seat between them .
tr	PAST	Light glowed from a spot on the ground nearby , as if a big lamp was shining out of a hole in the ground .
tr	PAST	Byron feared the curse of the palazzo would bring death to Antonietta , and he was determined to stop it .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the lens on the front as he asked .
tr	PRES	Henry reaches over me to pinch Elise , and she slaps his hand away .
tr	PRES	Wes glares as if he 's not in the market for bullshit today .
tr	PRES	" Which probably accounts for the person who jostled me as I returned to my seat .
tr	PRES	Poor lean things they were .
tr	PRES	" No hollows . "
tr	PAST	Laughs Greg hysterically , sounding quite crazy as he does so .
tr	PRES	" Sister Abigail Reid .
tr	PAST	Her head of light brown locks writhed in the wind .
tr	PAST	Hamilton banked back around and over the middle of the lake , once again hoping to draw his assailants away from the people on the ground .
tr	PRES	" Ty , " Zane barked , his voice a mixture of anger and desperation .
tr	PAST	Selma cleaned up the kitchen ... or in this case , tossed the paper plates in the trash and cleaned the one pan .
tr	PRES	Tyson falls to the floor , but Anthony is quick to pull me with him .
tr	PAST	A speaker on Abbie 's desk buzzed .
tr	PAST	She no longer trusted her judgment .
tr	PRES	" Shit , " I mutter , tearing my eyes away from his perfect face .
tr	PAST	For the first time in so long , Ion re experienced the beauty of his sleep .
tr	PRES	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's standing across the bar from me .
tr	PAST	When they reached the enormous shaft , Chris awaited them with Jeanine and Cleon .
tr	PAST	She motioned to what she wore .
tr	PAST	A huge bleached and broken ribcage sprouted from its chest and protruding bits of boney spine jutting out of its back like stalagmites .
tr	PAST	As luck would have it a car sped by , hitting the puddle square and sending a sheet of water arcing over the three teenagers .
tr	PAST	Silently she urged them to cooperate , while mentally rolling her eyes .
tr	PAST	Kylie slowed down and studied their body language .
tr	PRES	But Lennox carries on .
tr	PAST	Lissa exhaled a long breath and turned to face him .
tr	PAST	His dark eyes revealed a canny knowledge ; strong shoulders and a broad back made him a greater threat .
tr	PRES	Reluctantly , Simon allowed the Inquisitor to push him along the corridor , the word " retribution " still ringing in his ears .
tr	PRES	" Of course you don 't , sweetie .
tr	PAST	The wave soaked the glass from top to bottom as if someone had chucked a bucket of soapy water at it .
tr	PRES	I snap , struggling to keep my voice low .
tr	PAST	Naturally the lycra panties proved nothing , stretching to accommodate her derriere .
tr	PRES	Her pink scalp shone beneath her thin hanks of gray hair in the light of one small lamp .
tr	PAST	We smoked in silence as we walked through the back alleys and streets .
tr	PAST	" All right , but keep me posted .
tr	PAST	When he screwed up , he screwed up royally .
tr	PRES	I gape at her as I slow the car down for a stop sign .
tr	PAST	Inside once again , Scarlett slapped Sal on the rump , hard .
tr	PAST	" I trusted you . "
tr	PRES	Sam 's voice brings her back to the point .
tr	PRES	Jack clutches the right side of his gut like he is pain .
tr	PRES	The shadow taunts me by tapping my shoulder .
tr	PAST	A powerful emotion seized his heart in a way that was almost painful .
tr	PRES	Behind her , Serena hears the brush of armored scales coming together as the column of guards snaps to attention .
tr	PAST	Antonia stomped around her apartment , turning on every light .
tr	PRES	" Don 't , " I begged .
tr	PRES	All that loneliness and pain .
tr	PAST	It troubled him and he lay in bed , awake at night , asking his wife what he should say .
tr	PAST	It vibrated through him as the constellations aligned and the gateways were weakened .
tr	PRES	Nothing but ten tiny breaths holds the rest of me together .
tr	PRES	She slides her arm out of my hold , tugs the sleeve of her jacket over it , then hugs her wrist against her chest . '
tr	PAST	The sword vibrated in his hand as if agreeing to his purpose .
tr	PRES	" It 'll be okay , Becks .
tr	PAST	No shotgun boomed at him .
tr	PAST	He stripped her , wanting that blood-stained clothing away from her delicate skin .
tr	PAST	He rinsed his pink palms and shut off the water .
tr	PAST	I crouched in front of the desk , opening and closing drawers .
tr	PAST	Just do it , " Kenny urged .
tr	PAST	But for now , they circled , growling , sizing up the place .
tr	PRES	" I recall saying precisely the same words to you only a few weeks ago . "
tr	PAST	Then embraced him , slapped his back , pulled back , grinned , and kissed him on the cheek .
tr	PAST	The roadster banked to the right , spinning clockwise until we sat perpendicular to the SUVs .
tr	PAST	" Because you handled it well . "
tr	PAST	They also collected infra-red , x-ray radiation and so on .
tr	PRES	" I have to go , Jess .
tr	PAST	Danger heightened the intensity of the experience .
tr	PAST	" And a bodyguard ? "
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered and taunted , circling around and making them the center of attention .
tr	PRES	" Chicken , " he teased .
tr	PAST	He claimed he wanted to catch a few more rays , but Kennedy suspected he was hoping to impress Grace .
tr	PRES	We huddle up at our end of the gym .
tr	PAST	Shooting Rogers a nasty look , I thanked Jensen and followed him to the Town Car .
tr	PAST	Thomas froze on the spot .
tr	PAST	He reappeared sitting cross legged on his messy desk piled with bills and newspapers .
tr	PRES	" I want you too , lass .
tr	PAST	He risked everything to bring it down , betraying both his king and the Church .
tr	PRES	Rosa trail blazes a fiery path directly to me at full stream when I scan the ceiling and windows for smoke .
tr	PAST	He weaved his way out of the isolated marina area and into the busier shopping focused area of Pier Marina .
tr	PRES	Yes , the guesthouse , and the promise of Phil coming to spend long leisurely visits with him .
tr	PRES	" Tammie , let me pick you up for church tomorrow , " he offers .
tr	PAST	Greyson shuffled his feet and shoved his hands into his pockets again .
tr	PRES	He lets me do this all without ever touching me , ever speaking .
tr	PRES	The door opens and it ´ s ... Dante .
tr	PRES	He arches his brow .
tr	PAST	She curved into him as he settled his chin on her head .
tr	PAST	Jackson swooped in , tickling me , and I shrieked in protest .
tr	PAST	His head cocked to the side .
tr	PAST	I restrained a sudden impulse to shake Bri .
tr	PAST	Eventually , sleep battered past every wall of resistance she had erected , and she slipped into the land of dreams .
tr	PAST	Sabine crouched at his side .
tr	PRES	" That you both endure horrific deaths , of course .
tr	PRES	" What about afterward ? "
va	PAST	Seth arched an eyebrow .
va	PAST	" They 're just talking , " Elliot assured her .
va	PAST	A stack of books toppled over .
va	PRES	I exclaim , rubbing my elbow as an eruption of giggles flutter through the room .
va	PAST	His own burned with passion , his pupils nearly dilated .
va	PAST	Mimicking me , Marcie flipped her palms up .
va	PAST	I shuddered from that small touch .
va	PRES	" But Lord Commander ... you wrote the ... the definitive history of the revolts . "
va	PRES	After stepping into the parking lot , he loosened his tie .
va	PAST	He lunged forward as more gunfire erupted .
va	PAST	Rachel obviously valued beauty before balance .
va	PRES	I suggest you stay home .
va	PAST	Naomi Zeigler 's smile wilted .
va	PRES	" Oooh , you wan na watch that , Nobby .
va	PAST	I winced with each syllable .
va	PRES	His body hardened again instantly .
va	PRES	" Seems easy enough .
va	PRES	" What about Anne ?
va	PAST	I was mad , after using a great amount of power your eyes tended to take on the color of your mood .
va	PAST	She edged closer , ready to leap if Joe made any move to attack .
va	PAST	She surfaced near Shawn and Seth and smiled .
va	PRES	" Odin sends me another child looking for answers , what threats are looming now ? "
va	PRES	He rolls and I move with him .
va	PAST	" But not murder , " Mira stressed .
va	PAST	" Well , some fixed , if not all fixed .
va	PAST	" Lesa invited him to the party on Friday . "
va	PRES	" Hello ... " Kamil mumbles .
va	PRES	In the silence that follows Lyme 's ultimatum , he speaks up .
va	PRES	" You 're doing fine , Hannah .
va	PAST	I cupped her face in my hands as she quietly sobbed and for once I didn 't feel any guilt for her tears .
va	PRES	" Mr. Bishop ! "
va	PRES	" Sounds like fun !
va	PRES	She breaks away and bites her bottom lip with worry .
va	PRES	He gestures toward Chloe 's house .
va	PAST	Lina thus applied herself to raising this rock .
va	PAST	I always suspected that girls found me boring , uninteresting , given to talking about myself .
va	PRES	Bob ignores James and looks down at me like he doesn 't know me .
va	PAST	Rather , it reacted with the gamma rays chemically .
va	PRES	John shines his light on the wet red gas can .
va	PRES	His lips feathered over hers .
va	PRES	" New in town , huh ?
va	PRES	" You believing anything he 's told us ? "
va	PRES	Kevin leads me to lunch and decides to pick out my food for me .
va	PRES	" I was just leaving , Raine .
va	PRES	" Or your kindness .
va	PRES	We ´ re not going on an expedition .
va	PAST	Echo 's body trembled at the sight of them ; ghostly figures astride demon horses with blazing red eyes and nostrils .
va	PRES	My muscles quiver from the cold .
va	PAST	He halted before he left .
va	PAST	Her look softened and she grasped my hands .
va	PRES	With a waved arm , he indicates that I should step towards one of the doors towards the back of the room .
va	PAST	Cheyenne blushed and shook her head in denial .
va	PRES	She picks at her fingernails nervously .
va	PAST	Matthew blushed a little , telling Peter that she was exaggerating and that he was not that good .
va	PRES	He gingerly lifts one of her arms .
va	PRES	" Did you manage to find a prosthetic ? "
va	PAST	I scrambled up , scraping my legs in the process .
va	PRES	Relieved , she runs to her bedroom .
va	PAST	I noted that the black ribbons that wound through his aura had picked up slightly .
va	PRES	" Thanks , but I prefer the hotel .
va	PAST	The war against the Others lasted for over a hundred years .
va	PAST	Smiling , she assured them that she would be fine .
va	PAST	She blushed , feeling the pink spreading to her cheeks , and turned away quickly .
va	PAST	Trying to convey everything in her heart , she cherished him with her lips , kissing him again and again until they both shook with passion .
va	PAST	The muck on Boots 's coat had deposited a dirty residue on the bottom of the tub .
va	PAST	He scanned the remainder of the missive .
va	PAST	Her eyes fluttered as they slowly came open .
va	PAST	Her hands clawed at him , wanting more , demanding more .
va	PRES	" Naming them indicates commitment .
va	PRES	After a few minutes shade covers us and he sits me down on the work table in our shed .
va	PAST	She still sported a faint flush on her cheeks , but now her lips were firm and drawn .
va	PAST	I suspected they already knew everything I had just told them .
va	PAST	Michael cupped one breast ever so gently in his palm , then leaned down to brush a light kiss across the top .
va	PAST	Before that , yeah , she cooked .
va	PRES	Hailey yells out my name over and over as we both reach for our release .
va	PRES	He crouches as if to lunge at Jeff and I throw the repellant spell , but this time , his stance does not even wobble .
va	PRES	Well , she shrugs , as long as the herbal mixture holds out , she doesn 't care .
va	PAST	She fixed her eyes on his for a brief moment , letting his answer settle .
va	PRES	I require at least a couple of nice dinners and some flowers first . "
va	PRES	It reminds me how different it is here compared to where I started life in San Francisco .
va	PAST	He slung an assault rifle over his shoulder and thought the icy chill of the metal felt respectable .
va	PRES	' Oh , months ago now , I remember she wishing me Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year ! '
va	PRES	His mouth lifts into a smirk .
va	PAST	I bared my soul to him !
va	PAST	They boarded their ship quickly and went immediately below to the cramped cabin beneath the aft deck .
va	PRES	Chapter One ' The world breaks everyone , and afterward , some are strong at the broken places . '
va	PRES	A stale , cold room forms around me with white glossy walls .
va	PAST	Otherwise , with the faintest doubt , she cancelled her plans and went back to her apartment .
va	PRES	" Miss Barstow , " the handler repeats as he grabs for something at his waist .
va	PRES	" Thank you , Harry , " Elaine said , her rough voice prim .
va	PRES	He pulls a " whoops " face , but I cover his mouth with my hand .
va	PAST	I moaned , but no sound came out .
va	PAST	Cool stone dug into her bare back , but she didn 't care .
va	PAST	My gaze wandered across the room , sweeping over smiling , already intoxicated faces , and red drinking cups that littered our small living room .
va	PAST	" Stay inside tonight , " Moses sang melodically as they carried on their tribal beat .
va	PRES	" You whore ! "
va	PAST	Her eyes closed , she dipped her head to make sure her hair was completely wet .
va	PRES	I dislodge myself from Mack 's neck and kick my way up to the surface , accidentally knocking my foot against his groin .
va	PAST	Still , his last words loosened something inside her , stoked what had never fully gone cold .
va	PRES	" No , he 's not coming back , " he tells me and tears roll down his cheeks and fall onto the ground .
va	PRES	" Antlers and snail shells and gills .
va	PAST	" He cursed me so that I would suffer whatever physical harm I inflicted on others .
va	PRES	So , without thinking , he turned to his third friend , " Eris ? "
va	PRES	Her lips were painted bright red , her blush a perfect circle , with triangular black lines for eyebrows .
va	PRES	" What assignment ? "
va	PRES	" Someone activated the automatics that thawed us .
va	PRES	CHAPTER 8 I felt somewhat calm after the second blood bag and rinsed out my coffee mug and set it in the dish drainer .
va	PAST	In a kind of demented terror , Tolland tore through the scattered contents of the overturned sled .
va	PAST	The guard on the flank of each squad marched across the marble floor and stood next to the wooden doors .
va	PRES	I apologize for being so abrupt .
va	PRES	" And this pleases you ? "
va	PAST	She teetered forward , but the guard tightened his grip .
va	PAST	Without breaking the kiss , he inserted the key , and the door swung open behind them .
va	PRES	Movement in the corner catches my attention , and I dart my eyes over there , finding the handler watching me with a smile on his lips .
va	PRES	He would be nothing without them , " Nikolai exclaims .
va	PRES	And burns permanently marred her body .
va	PRES	The worry in his eyes subsides as he brings my wrist to his lips and kisses it delicately .
va	PAST	Core 's engine fired up immediately .
va	PAST	Damen snatched his fingers away , the tender light in his eyes dying at her words .
va	PRES	Reece slips his shoes and his jacket on and slips out the front door .
va	PRES	Brielle doubles over , exposing the slightly digested contents of her stomach .
va	PRES	I cock my head with confusion .
va	PRES	College football scouts going to be sniffing around you this year .
va	PAST	Dennis coughed , cleared his throat , and sniffed in rapid succession , and then chewed on the corner of his lower lip .
va	PRES	He circles the same roads at least ten times , searching for any sort of direction .
va	PAST	He patted his chest and cleared his throat .
va	PAST	She showered and dressed , and looked around for her mother 's cancer awareness bracelet .
va	PRES	You harbor too many secrets to allow anyone close , so you play the perfect hostess while keeping anyone from thrusting their way into your life . "
va	PAST	Zora introduced herself while walking up to Lea .
va	PRES	" Amelia Murray ? "
va	PAST	He patted my rear as I walked past him and , well , that made me feel a little better about the uniform .
va	PAST	Then she precisely plotted these locations on her site plan .
va	PAST	My eyes scanned every inch of the parchment .
va	PRES	Her next two moves . "
va	PRES	" Now kick them over here . "
va	PAST	As they moved closer to her , the trees parted enough for them to see another farmhouse with at least two different entrances .
va	PRES	I prefer spice to nice .
va	PAST	" I will seek to be a saint , " he vowed then and there .
va	PRES	Dagger shuts his eyes seconds from potential impact .
va	PRES	Probably not a good idea , but ... " he trails off as he hands me the box tucked beneath his arm .
va	PAST	Hides smoking under the merciless sun , they streaked away from the downed vessel , finding cover in the shadows .
va	PRES	The structure of the ancient object suddenly breaks up .
va	PRES	Lexie radiates pure joy as they hug .
va	PRES	We mate for life .
va	PRES	She lowers her eyes and I know that I 'm missing something .
va	PRES	I scowl down at the foolish girl , but while her presence is puzzling , she is easily enough dealt with if she discovers me .
va	PRES	The heavy chains binding his wrists rattled as , with an effort , Drake gained his feet .
va	PAST	He flinched at the horror and closed his eyes .
va	PAST	" Copy " Gil conceded .
va	PAST	As they were leaving Messenger arranged to be the last one through the narrow tunnel .
va	PAST	" Great , " I grumbled .
va	PAST	He slugged Cowboy Hat in the head so viciously he collapsed to his knees .
va	PAST	Her vision blurred and her eyes burned from the light .
va	PRES	I owe you for that , Colby . "
va	PAST	After dinner , Lydia and Darren invited us back to the Inn for coffee and dessert .
va	PRES	Unless we defeat Death . "
va	PRES	I suggest you get Nick in as well . "
va	PRES	Sounds like forbidden sex in the vertical to me . "
va	PAST	The smoke drifted from the burning city .
va	PAST	We rode for another hour and a half in silence .
va	PAST	Gregori inserted his invisible body between the two men .
va	PAST	Placing his damp hand on her chin , he tilted her head back until their gazes were locked .
va	PAST	Someone once counted 400 bridges in the city , and by late Wednesday Rick was certain he had used them all .
va	PAST	They raced forward , oddly silent as they barreled down upon The Elder 's who were closest to them .
va	PAST	Then he pivoted back to the warriors and fell into a jog to join up with them for the night 's patrols .
va	PRES	A reminder to not fail until I 've tasted blood . "
va	PRES	She shook her head , the move instinctive .
va	PAST	" Please touch yourself , " she moaned , and he pictured her rocking her h * ps into her hand .
va	PRES	She scratched the monkey on its head .
va	PAST	His eyes darted around , and his breathing was rapid .
va	PAST	This overwhelming urge to grab his face and make him look at me popped into my mind and tightened my arms .
va	PAST	I coughed again , unable to talk .
va	PRES	A minute later , Keller arrives with his goons and they strap in across from me .
va	PRES	Except , " Would you rather be dead ? "
va	PRES	And the life forms down stream , waiting for the food and the oxygen in the flowing water would be denied what they need .
va	PAST	Dex ducked his head , regarding me over the top of his sunglasses .
va	PRES	But we require warning first . '
va	PRES	" Well , of course , but -- " Neil remembered Mana .
va	PAST	" Because you 've been invited .
va	PAST	The button popped off and went flying across the room .
va	PAST	" It 'll be over soon , " Cara assured her .
va	PRES	From there he skirted the grounds and came to Western Avenue leading to the Western Gate .
va	PRES	He scratched his head and smiled .
va	PRES	I nibble a chunk and watch as she reaches for a second then third serving .
va	PAST	" Wait , " he commanded , stepping back to smooth down his hair and adjust his black silk tie .
va	PRES	Our guide rapidly catches us and asks , " Where are you going , this is what we have come to see ? "
va	PRES	You sulk around here .
va	PAST	I shaded my eyes to look at him .
va	PRES	" And you hunt them ? "
va	PAST	But her eyes traveled down his long torso and followed the ripples of his chest until they met his need head on .
va	PRES	the android tells him .
va	PAST	Adnan questioned furiously as he looked back up .
va	PAST	He flipped the coin over several times , finally drifting toward his desk , where he placed the medal under a fixed magnifying lens .
va	PRES	He moves toward the horse , examining the amount of blood and damage .
va	PAST	A wave crashed against the rocks .
va	PRES	In 1345 , a small community of about fifty souls inhabited a clearing nestled amidst Middleton Woods .
va	PAST	I smirked at him .
va	PRES	" He ignores his stepdaughter .
va	PAST	She flinched , then turned to look at him ; his expression was fixed stoically ahead to avoid her questioning gaze .
va	PRES	" You cheating bastard , " Bolton spat out .
va	PAST	Coughing and gasping , she popped to the surface .
va	PRES	He yanks a key out of his pocket .
va	PAST	" His twin brother , Albert , also has the gift , " Merrill informed me .
va	PRES	" Especially since I owe you so much .
va	PAST	I righted myself and glanced down at my hand .
va	PAST	I sidestepped Patch and edged through the gyrating bodies in the living room .
va	PRES	Callie sighs , her shoulders slumping as she fixes her eyes up at the bears .
va	PRES	( Each page of the web site links to our pages ) .
va	PRES	And now , bothering Magnus .
va	PAST	I flipped her onto the exam table .
va	PAST	He patted his side and gestured for the window .
va	PRES	Just lines of paint on the blacktop , but they shepherded people along and kept them safe .
va	PAST	She arched an eyebrow .
va	PAST	" It 's cold , " I complained , but didn 't wear the coat and posed .
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry about that , " I apologize , even though I 'm not that sorry .
va	PRES	We have reports that the buildings could collapse at any point ; we need to save as many people as possible .
va	PAST	With one arm wrapped around his waist , her fingers dug into his side and effectively stopped him in place .
va	PAST	" But you implied it . "
va	PAST	Heat shimmered inside her and her eyelids fluttered .
va	PRES	He pulls his suit down from the wall without asking for permission .
va	PRES	Kylie runs to me as soon as she sees me .
va	PRES	" The website ... " Gabe 's eyes clouded with anger .
va	PRES	Inside , it 's dim and hot , moist with mildew .
va	PAST	The crowd hushed , and silence descended over the bull pen .
va	PRES	I peek up at him .
va	PAST	I scowled and handed her the LED I 'd been playing with .
va	PAST	My body ached and protested as I stood , but I knew we could not stay here .
va	PRES	Maybe a little bit tricky . "
va	PRES	She tucks the ball under her arm and starts walking back to the field .
va	PRES	I peek through the grass .
va	PAST	I patted his shoulder , then ducked under his neck and squeezed around to the other side .
va	PAST	He tilted his head as he tried to sense his father , but all Wren could feel was Maggie .
va	PRES	" Judson understands that .
va	PRES	" And Lex tells us that one million has six zeroes , which is three zeroes more than one thousand .
va	PAST	Nothing traveled with me from home to home , except my lute , and all my books .
va	PRES	She shrugs , pulling off her shoes and tossing them to the side .
va	PRES	When the old couple disappears and her shoulders stop shaking , Kira pulls away from my chest and looks up at me .
va	PAST	Scrambling to get up , I lurched to my desk .
va	PAST	A shiver raced across my shoulders .
va	PRES	" The library ? "
va	PRES	He catches me with perfect timing .
va	PRES	He spins me again , continuing to dance even when I feel like my legs have turned liquid below me .
va	PRES	A sparkle catches my eye .
va	PAST	But she whirled to face him , and he immediately jerked his gaze up to her face .
va	PAST	They all applauded enthusiastically .
va	PAST	John arranged to meet Terry Bayliss in Jubilee Gardens overlooking the Thames to discuss current developments .
va	PRES	" We should have a party tonight , " I announce , unable to hold still .
va	PRES	" Hope you hid them well , because if there 's one thing I 'm doing before I die , it 's destroying your lab . "
va	PAST	And then his eyes shuttered .
va	PAST	Bullets sang past them , the shouts of her pursuers echoing below .
va	PRES	And everyone said to Will , " Nice moves ! "
va	PRES	He never tells Seth much of anything .
va	PRES	It creates and unleashes a force that has never been seen before in the world . "
va	PRES	She cocks her head , muddled and confused .
va	PAST	He wrote an address down on a business card , and handed it to her .
va	PAST	He ducked into the first door on the right , into a small room with a window that faced the street .
va	PRES	At this point , a thunderous barrage of feet thumped against the door , each kick loosening the lock .
va	PAST	Liz rounded the corner and spoke more clearly .
va	PAST	When we walked in his front door , the spicy scent of meat and seasonings welcomed us .
va	PAST	I jammed the tool between the wall and the panel that covered the locking mechanism .
va	PRES	" I know what that ' biblically ' shit means , dude .
va	PRES	Logan picks Marshall up and spins him 180 degrees before pitching him hard against the wall a good twelve feet away .
va	PAST	You probably just popped it out of place . "
va	PRES	" You 're not a disappointment , " she tells me as she strokes my hair .
va	PRES	Wilf yells , turning his head round from the front of the cart .
va	PRES	That 's not how it works , Fanny Mae tells me .
va	PAST	It so spooked me . '
va	PAST	His wolf calmed a little when he was with her and now refused to lose that just because of her being difficult .
va	PAST	She cursed under her breath and floored the gas pedal .
va	PRES	No , not " the " wings .
va	PAST	The First Lord arched a greying eyebrow at him .
va	PAST	His tailed swished against the floor .
va	PRES	With a thought the cells in his body activated .
va	PAST	Confusion drifted from Lucien 's voice .
va	PRES	You treat me like an equal , not an employee , and it means the world to me . "
va	PRES	After a while I realise it 's been ages since I ate or drank , yet I don 't feel hungry or thirsty .
va	PAST	I think we might have a problem , ' he conceded .
va	PAST	Eight Victoria 's stomach knotted at the news Gabriel Masters passed on to Max .
va	PAST	" What softened your resistance and sweetened your temper ? "
va	PAST	Ruby ached suddenly for what had been lost between them , and the hell of it was , they hadn 't fought or argued .
va	PAST	I paid the driver , and then as carefully as I could , maneuvered her out of the cab .
va	PRES	Turning off lights not in use , and closing doors is a big deal for him , he even reminds both of you to do so .
va	PAST	Elizabeth favored her with a smile .
va	PAST	She pivoted to face him .
va	PAST	Silence suffused the cold , dim official bedroom .
va	PRES	His lips , cracked and dry , feathered over her skin , right where her pulse leapt .
va	PAST	Her brow furrowed and her nose scrunched up .
va	PRES	She lifts her small , pointed chin .
va	PRES	They react brightly through the blue .
va	PAST	I whimpered and my head fell back against the mirror .
va	PAST	He scrubbed a hand over his scowl .
va	PAST	He wandered through room .
va	PAST	A line of sweat beaded down her back as she fought to do just that .
va	PAST	A burst of laughter escaped me as we climbed down the stairs and around to the back of the house .
va	PRES	" Answer truthfully , and I 'll let you rejoin them . "
va	PAST	The injured petal fluttered to the floor as the bouquet joined the single flower .
va	PRES	My body stiffens and I stop breathing .
va	PAST	She sniffled and hoped he didn 't hear .
va	PAST	He inspected the tube a bit longer .
va	PRES	High Popes average about 97 years of life but 20 sane ones .
va	PRES	We hid them from the army .
va	PAST	" What a ridiculous accusation , " she sang out .
va	PRES	That alone screams that you have no idea what the industry is like , Amy .
va	PRES	I slam a fist into the bed when heat engulfs me , followed by hard suction .
va	PAST	She splashed cold water on her face and brushed her teeth before undressing .
va	PRES	" Da da ! "
va	PAST	Carlos popped the last of his candy bar into his mouth , and with his cheeks completely full , sputtered the word , " Interesting . "
va	PRES	Two cocks as well .
va	PRES	" Am I interrupting ? "
va	PRES	She swims for around three hours a day .
va	PRES	' ' Brave . "
va	PAST	He spat at him , with the rage of a control freak that has just lost it .
va	PRES	" That narrows our search to , oh ... five hundred thousand or so in the city .
va	PAST	As he thought about how he planned to rectify his situation , he dozed off .
va	PRES	What if they judge me because I haven 't known Taylor for that long ?
va	PAST	When she wasn 't obsessing about the empty space in her bed , she concentrated on researching the Wiccan religion .
va	PRES	" So what are your plans for Stillwater , huh ?
va	PAST	Lightning streaked the sky behind her .
va	PRES	" Do not eat me , Mother .
va	PAST	Christian braced himself with one hand , dipped down to kiss my stomach as he led me through my release .
va	PRES	" Kayden , " she moans and loses herself in my movements .
va	PAST	He suspected she wanted to know what he was really doing here , how long he 'd be staying .
va	PRES	" We were standing next to each other when the ship blew , " the reporter reminds him , shaking his head .
va	PAST	The ferry lurched , and Mar began to tear up the side of the vessel , splintering the hull in their race to the top .
va	PAST	Though , at least he didn 't try to get me fired . "
va	PRES	The main foyer leads to a pair of curved stairwells ascending to the second floor .
va	PRES	The silence terrified her .
va	PAST	From its front door , she surveyed the rest of the street .
va	PAST	It tended to last twenty minutes , so I had time to help the others , but as I looked around , the fighting was all done .
va	PRES	MacKenzie nudges me with her knee .
va	PAST	" This isn 't movie night , " Daniel grumbled .
va	PRES	Mac spit out her grits and choked .
va	PAST	She lunged at him driving her knife at his face .
va	PRES	He views her , frowning with disappointment .
va	PRES	He pulls back and looks me in the eye .
va	PRES	" Fresh sheets mostly .
va	PAST	Ruth favored pastels and lace .
va	PAST	I winced out a bit of a smile , and he stayed watching me for a second .
va	PAST	Camille arched one eyebrow .
va	PRES	He bends down , inspecting her .
va	PRES	Deflect , baby girl , deflect . "
va	PAST	She wiggled her rear against him in demonstration .
va	PAST	Her neck arched and he pumped her harder , his body winding up once more .
va	PAST	She wiggled her gloved fingers at him .
va	PRES	He runs a hand through his curly dark hair .
va	PAST	I dug my heels into the mattress , letting out a whimper that didn 't even remotely sound like me .
va	PRES	I finally manage to get my pants undone and I take off my shirt .
va	PRES	Terry scratched his head .
va	PAST	He clapped his hand on Moist 's shoulder , causing a knee joint to crunch .
va	PAST	As it drew closer to the bed , the observers noted the animal 's milky glazed eyes and the smell , sweet heaven , the smell .
va	PAST	Lightning illuminated a few souls determined to brave the weather .
va	PRES	He also tells me through signs that he 's fine .
va	PAST	Chin high in the air , she twined her hands in her lap and kept her gaze narrowed on Nicola , her back ramrod straight .
va	PRES	I wink at Prewitt then waddle away with Pox .
va	PAST	I lunged for it .
va	PAST	The warriors ' mates - all of the Order 's women - converged on Mira en masse as soon as she entered the house .
va	PRES	He breaks away from my lips to kiss my cheek .
va	PAST	Jem flushed a deep scarlet .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down her face as she watched the blackened ruin of a man finally crumple into a heap of flames .
va	PAST	It whirred and stuttered into action .
va	PRES	" And just before winter .
va	PRES	" Well , I 've been coming pretty regularly , " Ron responds .
va	PAST	Small animals scurried nervously to their homes .
va	PAST	Just as the rear wheels touched down , Madeline darted out from under the plane .
va	PAST	He glanced over at me , concern etched into his handsome face .
va	PRES	Think you can get hold of Purcell 's truck ? "
va	PAST	The Atlantic lapped the Earth so close to my trailer .
va	PAST	Everyone crashed shortly thereafter .
va	PAST	" I cannot think , not with that monster in the room - " Her voice trembled .
va	PRES	If Eric was surprised , he hid it well .
va	PRES	Unless ... " " Unless ? "
va	PAST	The two of them rode on ahead , both aware of Vero 's watchful gaze , but they made sure that they were out of earshot .
va	PRES	" Nobody ever said living was easy , Hannah .
va	PRES	She rolls her eyes .
va	PRES	Rashford waits in a long narrow room the lawyers use for meetings if the police are not using it for anything else .
va	PRES	Cas pulls a couple of burritos out of the freezer and pops them into the microwave .
va	PAST	Liz 's heart surged simply seeing the picture .
va	PRES	" Riley ... " My heart wrenched .
va	PRES	" Steam engines ! "
va	PRES	When my fingers flex , he covers my hand with one claw .
va	PRES	As if someone were throwing buckets of silvery paint against the glass .
va	PAST	I rounded the curve , the one near that copse of trees , then two men stepped out onto the road .
va	PAST	Her flawless features and her unusual dark gray eyes belonged on a magazine cover .
va	PRES	" You betrayed me .
va	PAST	The support beam beside me popped with exploding bits of wood .
va	PAST	Antonietta 's body rippled with life , an earthquake that went on and on until she thought she might die of ecstasy .
va	PRES	" You manage it quite well . "
va	PRES	" All these killings .
va	PRES	For some reason that irritated him .
va	PRES	She trembles as I brush my fingertips across her breast , soft at first , but my blood pounds hard and I can 't help myself .
va	PRES	" I tend to , ah , backslide in times of stress . "
va	PAST	I peeked under the sheets and groaned as I saw myself wearing only my bra and panties .
va	PRES	Seems like it 's not merchandise they 're paying to protect , but this little lady . "
va	PRES	She sets the coffee down in front of me .
va	PAST	Josie scanned for the camera .
va	PRES	" Oh yeah , well angels suck away body heat with everything else .
va	PAST	" I know about Don Vito and his land , " Giuseppe Martini snorted .
va	PAST	Now Cassidy controlled the land and income from another Province .
va	PRES	The other shrugs her shoulders .
va	PAST	Apparently , a ruddy great slab of concrete has lurched down a slope and exposed this skeleton .
va	PAST	Finally it popped off over his head .
va	PRES	He feeds off the fear that leads up to the pain .
va	PAST	Blake nudged me with his elbow .
va	PRES	" A complete and utter fraud . "
va	PAST	After breakfast , Michael invited Amber into his office upstairs .
va	PAST	I grit my teeth against the sting , trying not to move as the needle pierces my skin .
va	PRES	" Do you know how ... how badly I wish ... " He pulls away long enough to look me desperately in the eyes .
va	PRES	It vibrated with violent intensity , the ice cubes clanking harshly against each other .
va	PAST	" Like I love to do , " he corrected , and he was tempted , so tempted to stroke his raging hard-on .
va	PAST	On this Kamikaze everyone rode alone .
va	PRES	He manipulated and lied like no other .
va	PAST	Inhaling deeply and exhaling sharply , my tongue darted out and licked his neck .
va	PAST	As the burn on her arm heated painfully , she whimpered .
va	PRES	It whips in , crushes all rational argument for why it shouldn 't be there , and sweeps a person away .
va	PRES	I confirm the horse is a boy then gently slap his neck , checking the engraving on his bridle .
va	PRES	: -- RRB - Alexander : Say it again , Love .
va	PAST	He scrambled toward the back door and tried to rip it open , but the impact of the crash had jammed it shut .
va	PRES	Gavin rolls his eyes .
va	PRES	She tilted her face upward .
va	PRES	Desperate not to have my elation from her compliment destroyed by my parents ' discontent , I apologize quickly .
va	PAST	When the plain wooden casket was covered with earth , they recited the final prayer , the special Kaddish recited at the side of the grave .
va	PAST	Dean patted Emerson 's leg .
va	PAST	I introduced Kitten to the girls I 'd met , and they exchanged greetings .
va	PAST	When Ellis was satisfied , he injected local anaesthetic into the scalp points .
va	PAST	Hannah 's brows arched in response .
va	PRES	He rolls his chair over to my side .
va	PRES	" New spear ? "
va	PAST	" I don 't think so , " Aaron disagreed .
va	PAST	His black coat fluttered in the wind as he fell three stories down to the alley below .
va	PRES	A weird expression flickers across his face , like a shadow .
va	PRES	You sneaky devil ! "
va	PRES	Once she did get close , she regretted it .
va	PAST	She winced as she raised her hand to her hairline .
va	PRES	Although I would recommend that you eliminate him from your life , despite the wedding .
va	PRES	" You people spoil that child . "
va	PAST	She moistened her lips with her tongue .
va	PAST	I noted the can of Red Bull in her hands .
va	PAST	Heat blistered his skin and he studied the geometric design on the wall-to-wall carpet .
va	PAST	It satisfied a streak in him that he much preferred to the character he was obliged to display the rest of the time .
va	PRES	I ´ ll take you to your sleeping quarters , " she responds .
va	PRES	I shift my entire weight into breaking it open , slamming it open , but I 've only managed to bruise my body .
va	PRES	The Great Mother wails in her temple on the Ice Plane .
va	PAST	She reached over and touched his hand , when she did , an electric pulse raced up her arm and made her gasp .
va	PAST	I scanned the dirty corridor floor for recent tracks but didn 't see anything .
va	PAST	Then , Buddy fed Mandy her piece .
va	PRES	The same rules apply . "
va	PAST	The room contained minimal furniture .
va	PRES	I cock my head as I think of something .
va	PRES	My eyes close , my thoughts drift , my memories kick me in the heart .
va	PAST	Amazing joy flooded her , washing away pain and confusion with peace and comfort .
va	PRES	And that shuts me up .
va	PAST	He moaned , making a deep , purring sound , and said something she didn 't catch .
va	PRES	Like that stream that runs behind the barn .
va	PRES	The bed puzzles him .
va	PRES	" I know that I 've never seen you even talk to a guy , " Emerson shoots back .
va	PRES	" I owe you for that . "
va	PRES	" But why create an offshore company ?
va	PRES	My heart aches because it is the same look I gave my dad just a few minutes ago .
va	PAST	And then , stone by stone , it illuminated the great shrine until it passed through the flying arches at its feet .
va	PRES	The first time someone protests against you , you punish him so severely he can 't even stand ! "
va	PRES	So I consulted Sigma 's demolition expert .
va	PAST	Just then a large wave crashed against the shoreline bordering her house , a deafening sound that seemed to shove her words at me even more forcefully .
va	PRES	She spat into the dead grass then shuddered .
va	PRES	I struggle to speak .
va	PAST	An involuntary whimper escaped from my mouth as I waited for him to touch me again .
va	PRES	" What other arrangements ? "
va	PRES	" Field hockey again . "
va	PRES	" Las Vegas . "
va	PRES	Sydney spins me around , grabs the straps around my wrists , and cuts them away .
va	PRES	After all these years , you never branched out from the autism charities . "
va	PRES	" I suspect you 're too hard on yourself .
va	PRES	He slowly pulls the blind fold off my eyes .
va	PRES	I suggest you stay below , until things calm down . "
va	PRES	" Fortune cookie ? "
va	PRES	" Which part matters to you ? "
va	PRES	My heart drops , just imagining what Ryan would have to say .
va	PAST	The band then switched to a slow song , Roy Orbison 's Crying , which just happened to be one of my favorites .
va	PAST	The car veered around a tree base and moved toward the rear of the house .
va	PRES	They breed like rabbits , but they 're still going to be outnumbered , so they won 't want to meet us in open country .
va	PRES	John shrugs , smiling .
va	PRES	Haley listens to the music with fascination , but her little face looks exhausted .
va	PAST	I fancied myself in love with her .
va	PAST	But before his fingers made contact , the woman winced and shuddered as she came awake , jarring him from his thoughts .
va	PRES	" Who understands better than me ?
va	PRES	She picks up the phone today .
va	PRES	A shadow cast across our own Bank Tower building tells me that one is hovering over us right now .
va	PAST	From there they rode in silence .
va	PRES	" I du n no .
va	PRES	' My condolences on your loss . '
va	PAST	She hurtled after him .
va	PRES	Something catches my gaze .
va	PRES	Something about the way the house feels informs me that he died a long time ago .
va	PRES	It rains in the morning .
va	PAST	Pale and shaken , her lips trembled under his .
va	PAST	" Magnificent , " Lord Quinn commented .
va	PRES	She drags her eyes off of him , and a part of me is worried she 's starting to soften to his dark , enchanting ways .
va	PRES	Instinctively my knee shoots up and collides straight in between his legs , crushing his man jewels .
va	PAST	Behind this structure , the five story Pagoda loomed tall like a big brother threatening any unwelcome guests .
va	PAST	As she watched , several of the mercs marched into the room , guns drawn on a trio of men dressed in white lab coats .
va	PAST	The rest scurried to hide under the partial decking or behind the wall of shields that hung along both sides of the vessel .
va	PRES	He almost runs into the wall of people .
va	PAST	The slow , warm puffs of his calm , controlled breathing brush past her cheek .
va	PRES	" Then reveal to me your diabolical plot . "
va	PAST	" You can 't do that , " Anderson stammered .
va	PAST	He sauntered over , offering another drink , and this time I took the glass without flinching , meeting his stare dead on .
va	PAST	At her voice , he halted abruptly and turned to her , raising a haughty brow .
va	PAST	She cursed herself again for her weakness and cast the thought from her mind .
va	PRES	He meets my eyes .
va	PAST	Gabriel ducked his head under and came up .
va	PRES	Now I suggest again that you leave before he shoots you .
va	PRES	" Good luck , " Joyce tells the reporter , stepping up to the outside door .
va	PAST	The moment my feet touched the stairs , a shockwave erupted from me , cracking the cement of the steps and rattling the floorboards .
va	PAST	He patted her on the head .
va	PRES	He promises that your policies will be continued . "
va	PAST	Dodging to the side , I ducked forward , chopping the edge of my hand down hard on the space behind his knee .
va	PAST	Claire surged to her feet .
va	PRES	Still , I intend to live as one and I wish to indulge in your rituals . "
va	PRES	He yells , stopping to look up at her .
va	PRES	" Yes , it matters .
va	PRES	My brow furrows when I look at her .
va	PAST	He was already eating , the sandwich disappearing by fourths with each bite .
va	PAST	Dani issued a small cry of surprise as he pulled her roughly forward .
va	PRES	Their mouths clung , tongues tangling wildly .
va	PRES	Damien promises me a day of shopping later , and I am fine with that .
va	PAST	Minutes I cherished every day .
va	PAST	Her lips parted and she murmured his name .
va	PRES	The rest of the school day drags and teachers constantly pull me up for having my head in the clouds .
va	PAST	Fire blossomed out from the base of the platform and swallowed Alistair 's body .
va	PRES	No larger than a gendarme 's flying platform , it lowers over her face and thrusts a mass of tubes down her throat .
va	PAST	" Melissa , it hugely interests me to know in detail as what my daughter has learned and what she wishes to practice .
va	PRES	They enter the city of Huron at the peril of us all . '
va	PAST	" She 'll be back , " Margaret assured us .
va	PAST	She belonged to him .
va	PRES	" Even if it means leaving Idris .
va	PAST	The sarcasm registered with the man who sat behind the driver .
va	PAST	' At least your trousers were done up this time , ' smirked Tristram .
va	PRES	" I suspect that in a twisted sort of a way , it 's about righting wrongs and redressing the balance in favour of the poor .
va	PRES	' If Paris is seen to abduct her in your place . '
va	PRES	He yells running away .
va	PAST	My fingers dug into my stiff denim jeans .
va	PRES	Anthony ties Olaf 's hands behind his back .
va	PAST	Einstein lunged , coming up short at the end of his leash .
va	PRES	My stomach growls out loud .
va	PAST	Mitch scanned the documents and signed off on each .
va	PRES	He bends to kiss my nose then turns and walks towards the bathroom .
va	PAST	It popped , splattering her cheeks .
va	PRES	Her stubby legs hasten and shuffle away from me .
va	PRES	Slightly different positions of my hand and fingers produce different distortions and my robots can interpret these distortions as orders .
va	PRES	Dr Soames , will you help me ? "
va	PAST	I cursed again at the famous recipe I stole off the Internet , and turned my attention back to mashing the potatoes .
va	PRES	I tuck my hair behind my ear .
va	PAST	Tanner paced under the window .
va	PAST	Far in the distance , Mr. Chandrasekhar 's flute sang .
va	PRES	I gasp , but no one else reacts .
va	PRES	The budget we made covers the food .
va	PAST	The injured stalker whirled and fell as tree roots wrapped around his body and throat .
va	PAST	" We had a run-in with a handful of Indians , " she informed them .
va	PAST	His heart swelled and broke at the same time .
va	PAST	I slowly shouldered my rifle , as did most every other soldier there , though I was terrified with the prospect of a firefight .
va	PAST	That she wanted , oh , so much , to leave with him now .
va	PRES	" Forty-six days before Easter , " he clarified .
va	PAST	He survived and he is in there with my sister , Ashley . "
va	PRES	He listens as her footfalls echo into the hall .
va	PAST	He also developed an automatic study course , which would test people on a list of questions from one article before directing them to the next one .
va	PAST	But she avoided the topic and went on .
va	PAST	It had changed slightly , and its eyes were filled with yellow shine , its hooves edged in gold .
va	PRES	" You hunt up Rose , and I 'll put my horse away and change .
va	PRES	One side of his mouth curls up in a smile .
va	PAST	An awkward silence ensued .
va	PRES	" Of course , Molly . "
va	PAST	He raced up the steps , two at a time .
va	PAST	Annoyed , I yanked open the door .
va	PAST	Briggs 's eyes darted over to Dean , who met his gaze without blinking .
va	PAST	She drawled lightly , mocking me .
va	PRES	" You mentioned a plan , " he prodded .
va	PRES	Like Dhruv , I seek none .
va	PAST	Bowe sprinted as fast as his wounds would allow , leaping over fallen trees .
va	PAST	Tears tracked down my face while she watched , perplexed .
va	PRES	He writes that down .
va	PRES	She settles into her creaking bed , and then silence comes to the house .
va	PRES	Her nipples tighten , and she wonders if Isaac can tell in the scant light ; wonders if he believes he is the cause .
va	PRES	Walt Whitman " Song of Myself " Leaves of Grass Why is there a contradiction at the center of the universe ?
va	PRES	He tells them about the front door being bolted .
va	PAST	I questioned him , not wanting to think about what had happened the previous evening .
va	PRES	" I mean , dude ... wow .
va	PRES	He lifts his hand toward the bruise above his eye , and then drops it .
va	PRES	" No regrets ? "
va	PRES	" Maybe , but ... " Micah shrugged .
va	PRES	I pucker my lips and open my eyes wide into a full pout .
va	PRES	" So this is my room , " Luke tells me awkwardly and then cracks a joke .
va	PRES	Shaking her head , she covers the ring on her hand , looking almost panicked .
va	PAST	Destiny 's eyebrows arced .
va	PAST	" Traitor , " I grumbled to Lowe 's back as he hurried inside .
va	PAST	A gleam of silver blinded him again for a moment .
va	PAST	The rock floor of the gallery shuddered and heaved again , and the booming noise echoed up through the caves .
va	PRES	" And Marlon ? "
va	PAST	When the horse veered off the men rode after .
va	PRES	Corr jerks and hauls at my arm .
va	PAST	He grimaced in response to her question .
va	PRES	It involves some equilateral triangles , the history of the crusades and the Holy Grail , and the angle of the sun at the summer solstice .
va	PAST	His lips parted and - " Are you ready ? "
va	PAST	Watt suddenly loomed over Raphael .
va	PRES	" One of those , huh ?
va	PRES	The wall drops away beneath us and we are flying through the air .
va	PAST	The immersion teacher halted class early .
va	PAST	But Marcus was different , Della assured the little voice .
va	PAST	Tears flooded my eyes and adrenaline surged through my veins .
va	PRES	He sends his love . "
va	PRES	" We are going in loaded , " Charlie tells me .
va	PRES	The feeling of rejuvenation and rehydration , a stewarding wind cleans the house .
va	PRES	Purple electricity shoots from her fingers to envelop me .
va	PRES	And the ceremonial tossing of the pink bottle cap into the surf at Ocean Beach ? "
va	PRES	So I strongly suggest you head back inside with your friends .
va	PAST	" Maggie must have left a window open , " Elyssa Warwick complained .
va	PRES	Knox pulls me back against his chest , wrapping his arms around me .
va	PRES	Rift commands , already lining up his mark .
va	PAST	He yanked on the faucet , filled his coupled hands and lowered his face into the water .
va	PRES	" There , " she said , slightly breathless .
va	PRES	For it to caress the burning ache between her legs until she could think straight again .
va	PAST	He thumbed the waistband of his shorts and turned , just as icy spray from a water hose slammed into his chest .
va	PAST	" I 'm happy for you , " she grumbled .
va	PRES	" It always matters .
va	PRES	The creator commands it .
va	PRES	At whose command do you hunt Orcs in our land ? ' '
va	PRES	Not this matchmaking business , but being behind the counter , talking to people .
va	PRES	Jeff moves closer to him .
va	PAST	Rest assured that your place in line is safe .
va	PAST	Swallowing , she straightened , her hair swishing across her back .
va	PAST	He patted his daughter 's hand .
va	PRES	We enter the control room and memories of flashing nightclub lights , empty liquor bottles and scattered drug needles flashes through my mind .
va	PRES	" All our plans for naught . "
va	PRES	He swipes his hand over the top of my head and sniffs at the red gloss on his fingertips .
va	PRES	Baldwin suddenly realizes he 's hungry .
va	PRES	Dr. Farrell adds , " Some believe her theories were too radical . "
va	PAST	He rapidly flipped through them , growing more and more excited with each one he saw .
va	PRES	If something happened to Mrs Fontaine ... My chest squeezes .
va	PRES	I kick my legs , trying to break free , and end up knocking over a chair as we step out into the cubicle area .
va	PRES	He tells me they 'll be there in about an hour or so and we hang up .
va	PRES	My eyes wander over to them now , where they sit on other balconies .
va	PAST	After camping by the lake that night , again filling up with water , they discussed their next move .
va	PAST	I suspected Sandra , if for no reason other than because she made my flesh crawl .
va	PAST	Now , its reach barely exceeded the workshop confines .
va	PAST	I poked his stomach .
va	PRES	Seems over-the-top , if you ask me . "
va	PRES	It reminds me of one of those scary movies where the little girl is possessed by a demon .
va	PAST	Sergeant Wilder maintained his grip on ' the chairwoman ' and shoved her toward an adjacent building .
va	PAST	Flores clamped his hand over her throat , cutting off her breath .
va	PRES	" Well I 'm headed to bed , " Justine adds .
va	PRES	" My gut tells me there 's more to the story . "
va	PAST	" You hired me to find your brother , but you didn 't say anything about your own life being at risk . "
va	PAST	A low-slung touring car raced down the road .
va	PAST	Albert tore another match from the book , offered them a sickly smile , and struck it .
va	PAST	I snatched his glass and held it firm .
va	PAST	Mousse parried the sword with one set of claws , trapping it between the thin metal blades of the claw .
va	PRES	The hero 's boots kick black dirt in his wake as he makes a run for the master sword .
va	PRES	The Superior lowers my hands , but I keep my eyes closed .
va	PAST	Power surged throughout her , expanding muscle tissue and driving her adrenaline to a volcanic level .
va	PRES	" I owe Alyse my very life , and I failed her . "
va	PRES	" That settles it then . "
va	PRES	" Sure , she wakes us at all hours of the night , but she is such a darling .
va	PAST	The gunmen reacted in accordance with their training , turning their weapons on the scientists and opening fire .
va	PAST	" She implied it . "
va	PAST	The starry swath winked rapidly in and out , and Matthew realized that what he was seeing was indeed a sliver of night sky .
va	PRES	A sound that went on and on , sawing at my nerves and making my ears ache .
va	PRES	A young girl emerges from the doorway and stands next to him , sticking out her belly and watching me with big dark eyes .
va	PRES	" Take your anger out on me , " she mocked .
va	PAST	Huge schools of pale , silvery fish glinted in the sunlight that filtered through the shallows of the water .
va	PAST	I think this is a good move for me , " I commented , rubbing my hands together nervously .
va	PRES	No one realizes how shy I really am . "
va	PRES	She moves it again and he stops kissing her .
va	PRES	" Up , you lazy sod ! "
va	PRES	Immediately I release his shirt and scurry off of him as my cheeks flush crimson .
va	PAST	" Just kidding , " she sang as she turned and walked back inside .
va	PRES	" And we suspect that potential mothers wouldn 't choose me and my husband because of what happened to our daughter . "
va	PRES	My jaw drops at the same time that my feet stop .
va	PRES	" You hid while your mother burned ! "
va	PAST	Jenny moaned under her breath .
va	PAST	His mouth threatened to break into a smile , possibly even allowing a chuckle through .
va	PAST	Ash swirled on the breeze , obscured the rest of the yard .
va	PRES	Barbara smoothed her black , figure hugging dress down over her hips and wriggled slightly .
va	PAST	She 'd already moved , sold the house to pay for Francis 's attorneys ' fees , which is why I remember running into her .
va	PRES	" Just beautiful princess . "
va	PAST	I splashed my face with water and grabbed my phone and ear buds .
va	PAST	She butted her nose against the top of the kitten 's head and cradled it closer against her chest .
va	PRES	Then he hid behind a tree waiting for the right moment to pounce and destroy .
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PRES	I rub my hands down my face .
va	PAST	Pulling her finger out of his mouth , she increased the speed of her mouth .
va	PRES	Then I duck as fast as I can .
va	PRES	Luther 's black hair whips across a pale , bloodless face .
va	PRES	He moves his hands to take mine , kissing them softly , before sitting back on his heels .
va	PAST	" Give me your cup , " she commanded .
va	PAST	First , we descended from Hermes , and decelerated our orbital velocity so we could start falling properly .
va	PAST	Terry yanked his arm up , bringing the handcuffs and the bed 's leg with it .
va	PRES	The fire between us burns slowly as Cooper pulls her blanket around her and curls into a ball .
va	PAST	I quoted Quinn 's admission from the night of our first kiss .
va	PAST	When he walked into the Starbucks he frequented , the guy behind the register shouted a hello , customers turned around and silence descended .
va	PRES	' If only I could , Mr Quest .
va	PRES	Her hips are cradled in the V of my thighs , her chest rests just below mine .
va	PRES	He squeezes my arm , and I kiss him .
va	PRES	Carrie arrives in ratty denim and some serious boots and calls for attention .
va	PAST	With the windows facing each other the reflection held many images , realities imposed one atop the other .
va	PRES	He shrugs , like it 's no big deal , but it is .
va	PRES	" Hmmm , to a very strange series of violent incidents , indeed . "
va	PRES	When we get bored with the game . "
va	PAST	He clapped his hands .
va	PAST	An hour ago , Molly and Marron huddled by Aria as they discussed her injury , but I wasn 't listening .
va	PRES	She seeks me out , not the reverse .
va	PAST	To this day , the betrayal of it shredded his soul .
va	PRES	" You lead the way , " he growls hoarsely , like the heat between us has singed his vocal cords .
va	PRES	She tells me the number , and I enter it into my contacts attached to the name Freakshow .
va	PAST	Sibyl asked , her voice edged in concern .
va	PRES	She yells at me about my truck , and she has a huge tattoo that runs down her shoulder . "
va	PRES	( She moves quickly to the far side of the desk ) No , no .
va	PRES	I plug two of our chargers into the wall and Blake hands me his chronometer to plug in .
va	PAST	Her hand trembled as she extended his back to him .
va	PAST	Clicks and hard , gnashing noises marked invisible activity .
va	PRES	" On one condition . "
va	PRES	Cooper and all of his blacksmith projects .
va	PAST	" For reasons I 'm yet to find out , they want the book , " Matthew stressed again , Owen 's terrible experience coming to mind .
va	PRES	" Sounds like we can 't stay anywhere .
va	PAST	Elaine winked at me .
va	PRES	" I 'm on my side , " Roberta clarified .
va	PAST	Alec raced through the dark and burning streets , calling out over and over for Aline .
va	PAST	She splayed her hands on his chest .
va	PRES	" It seemed ... appropriate .
va	PRES	His throat bobs up and down as he swallows hard , raking his fingers through his hair .
va	PRES	Rebecca responded , " Listen , you rude bitch .
va	PAST	She scrambled to her feet .
va	PRES	Then Dane pats him on the shoulder and gives me a big grin .
va	PAST	She straightened her hair and applied makeup according to the instructions on a YouTube video .
va	PRES	" Sorry dude , you 're on speaker phone , Alec 's here . "
va	PAST	His tears had blurred the penciled writing a little bit .
va	PAST	I tore through my cupboards and found the bottle of whiskey Allan had stashed for his own personal use .
va	PRES	But the children soon realise that their parents and teachers don 't know the answers to these questions any better than they do themselves .
va	PRES	As for me , I prefer laughing .
va	PAST	Golden wailed , her heart pounding like a drum on steroids .
va	PRES	I du n no .
va	PAST	He draped his arm around her shoulders and walked her toward the manor .
va	PRES	" Your dad sets a fast pace . "
va	PAST	The bug obediently sheathed its sword and rolled into a ball .
va	PRES	" Just sayin ' . "
va	PRES	( She blows out an uneven breath .
va	PAST	His skin blistered and oozed .
va	PRES	Even as I was thinking of naught but you , always the guilt for her death lingers at some level . "
va	PAST	Then , without taking his black eyes off the dragons , he commanded the others , " Fire ! "
va	PRES	Distance always provides perspective .
va	PRES	Standing with my back to the wall , I kick backwards , knocking at the drywall with my heel .
va	PAST	She squirmed up beside her and kissed the deep bleeding scratch , humming regret .
va	PAST	Her face , reflected in the mirror , visibly whitened .
va	PAST	a reticent Dunstan whined , blushing .
va	PAST	" You survived . "
va	PRES	I owe you . "
va	PRES	I self-consciously rub my hand over my mouth like I can erase my smile or something .
va	PRES	He wipes the blood of the blade on his apron before wedging it into the stump .
va	PRES	She just enjoys sharing the whole farm experience with folks .
va	PRES	" Holy crap ! "
va	PRES	Micha leads the way around the fence and up his driveway to the garage .
va	PRES	A legend leftover from times long past .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down her cheeks .
va	PAST	Marcy 's eyes darted around the waiting room .
va	PRES	The man tilted his chin down .
va	PRES	But his eyes betrayed the hurt he felt .
va	PAST	She was so used to staying in hotels like this one she tended to forget that not everyone in the world was blase about a penthouse .
va	PRES	" I 'm more than OK , " I assure him .
va	PRES	" Hell , we owe it to society . "
va	PAST	I shuddered , thinking back to that night , the raw pain visible in her eyes when she first learned the truth behind her mother 's death .
va	PRES	Claire pulls back the curtain .
va	PRES	Everything you do ends up being something that already happened .
va	PRES	He spits in the corner and resumes glaring at us .
va	PAST	When she was done , she dried her hair , coiled it in a bun , and went to her closet .
va	PRES	" And I intend to have even more fun later on tonight . "
va	PRES	He smirks a smirk that freezes every vertebrae in my back .
va	PRES	" Oh , Hon. " Mom lifts her hand up to her chest .
va	PRES	My jaw drops as my eyes fly to Storm 's face and I 'm sure there 's outright murder shining in them .
va	PAST	He presented it to Billy , covered in a fine white powder .
va	PAST	Dean squirmed out of the scaly costume .
va	PAST	Thalia retrieved him from her mother , gently rocking him to sleep in her arms .
va	PAST	CHAPTER 4 The caves felt frigid in the dark of night even though the temperature hovered around a balmy eighty degrees .
va	PAST	My sisters rarely discussed politics , although a storm was brewing with the south over slavery .
va	PAST	Outside , next to the car wash , he flipped through the blue pages and called the Tallahassee Police Department .
va	PAST	You barely escaped death yourself .
va	PRES	He spins me around so that my back is against his chest and our arms are locked together , folded tightly across my stomach .
va	PAST	Andrei materialized in the room and took his place beside Drake .
va	PRES	His features hardened and he said , " The mayor told me you knew where his daughter was the instant you touched her earring .
va	PAST	Suddenly , she fired off four crisp shots .
va	PAST	Every half hour or so , I straightened up and looked out the window .
va	PAST	" Marguerite has a certain gift about such things , " Dante informed her quietly .
va	PRES	' And by the stench , a heavy one at that . '
va	PRES	Dark blood leaks from the corners of her mouth as she struggles to communicate her final thoughts .
va	PRES	Oranges , reds , yellows , and browns swirl in what looks like a tornado on a fall day .
va	PRES	Young , dynamic , mysterious ... Noah York was a powerhouse in this city and around the world .
va	PRES	" Oh -- " Alison blushed further .
va	PAST	I tore my gaze from the pretty trails , frowning .
va	PRES	" We suspect that it was a heart attack .
va	PAST	He coughed as he inhaled it , peering through the haze at the stage .
va	PRES	You defy my orders again and I will detain you .
va	PAST	She scrambled up and over the wall before the guards even looked her way .
va	PAST	Hobbes fired ; the man fell ; Erasmus also went toppling to his knees .
va	PRES	While stopped at a red light , another cab pulls past us , running the light and is hit by a pickup truck .
va	PAST	Squeezing her body through the light , it shined so brightly it felt like it was burning her eyes .
va	PRES	" Is Catherine well ? "
va	PAST	However , Alessia 's career path soon veered into another area .
va	PAST	She unhooked a key ring from her belt and unlocked it .
va	PAST	Red hair lapped around her face and his eyes drifted down to where her body seemed to taper off .
va	PRES	It was long before Grandpa Walt died , that wasn 't until 1990 , " he adds .
va	PAST	Vulcan then delivered a punch to Auron 's stomach .
va	PRES	She rolls her eyes .
va	PRES	Instead , she 'd found Cameo , the beautiful woman who made her want to pluck out her eyes and jam sticks into her ears .
va	PAST	I arched a brow at him as the crowd erupted , shouting encouragement for the folly .
va	PAST	Desperate to keep hold of her , Tane clawed , grabbing hold of the spandex wrap .
va	PAST	Suddenly his own stomach cramped as he understood the source of her worry .
va	PAST	Daniel fixed his eyes on Dryden .
va	PAST	A flash blinded Jack .
va	PAST	" My father hired himself out as a mercenary .
va	PRES	The feel of the fabric of his jeans sends heat through my body that coils into my stomach .
va	PAST	Cassie 's stomach lurched .
va	PAST	The desk was cluttered with piles of paper , books heaped around a computer monitor .
va	PAST	The warmth cooled as Al ' ice took his hands from my face .
va	PAST	The shelves loomed behind it .
va	PRES	" Say it then , " he growls when I 'm still silent .
va	PAST	Jake 's lip split and a tooth tumbled backwards into his mouth .
va	PRES	" I tend the gardens .
va	PAST	My heart swelled with pride .
va	PAST	My legs ached , informing me how incredibly out of shape I was .
va	PAST	Then Talon had found him , rescued him .
va	PRES	" Jesus Christ ! "
va	PAST	One of them clawed at my arm as I jerked back .
va	PRES	Before he could say anything more , she clarified her meaning by pressing a long wrought-iron brooch pin against his jugular vein .
va	PRES	" You manipulated me ! "
va	PAST	She grimaced slightly , but was thrilled that he would think that of her .
va	PAST	Memories of training together surfaced .
va	PRES	He picks up a mozzarella stick and dips it into the cup of marina sauce .
va	PAST	My wound still bled and the pain was nearly as bad as what the ring had caused .
va	PAST	A giggle escaped her .
va	PRES	They suck inward . "
va	PRES	It sends them to the fiery pits .
va	PAST	I shuddered , and we all sat still once more .
va	PAST	Sam 's eyes softened and he held out his hand .
va	PRES	We highly suspect it is .
va	PRES	He picks up another rock and feeds it to the Cumberland .
va	PAST	He halted at Trevor 's yell .
va	PAST	Maryse straightened her shoulders .
va	PRES	Tasha , talk to her , she always listens to you .
va	PRES	" I suspect that would go over poorly with his daughter .
va	PRES	" Who did you inherit it from ? "
va	PAST	With all eyes on him , the boy blushed .
va	PRES	And wearing breeches no less !
va	PRES	A place of interminable boredom and agony away from the Creator of Life and all that He has created .
va	PRES	Boss and employee , yes , but oh how close they were .
va	PRES	" What sensation ? "
va	PAST	She mouthed the words You 're cute , but she rolled her eyes as she said it .
va	PRES	Whatever you have , obviously runs in the family .
va	PRES	" What , is he embarrassed to be seen with Shadowhunters or something ? "
va	PAST	She trembled beneath his hands , biting her lips to keep from crying out as the pleasure built within her .
va	PAST	I scowled at her , trying not to grind my teeth .
va	PRES	Certain conditions depend on the body 's production of enzymes .
va	PAST	She snatched it out of Ashley 's hand before peering into the open case in disbelief .
va	PRES	" The statue ! "
va	PRES	" Mr Lee ... ... .
va	PAST	My trembling lips parted .
va	PAST	He flinched and gritted his teeth .
va	PRES	The explosion sends shrapnel in every direction except the space beyond the shield , the ice absorbing the blow while retaining its shape .
va	PRES	My heart flutters as I recognize my new favorite spot on campus .
va	PRES	" Oh no , Mr. Hayes .
va	PRES	Hartman 's eye narrows slightly .
va	PAST	Sam and Garrett both softened , their hard faces suddenly filling with love at the mention of their wives and their pregnancies .
va	PAST	She tumbled toward the ground and struck hard on her feet , sticking the landing at first .
va	PRES	" You originally from around here ? "
va	PAST	She flipped her hair over her shoulder and took a step away from me .
va	PRES	She covers it with her hand and pockets it in her dressing gown .
va	PAST	" The mole you planted in Dr. Hess 's lab . "
va	PRES	On Wednesdays the king always enjoys chicken , sire . '
va	PAST	The woman cackled viciously .
va	PAST	" Dr. Polk 's daughter informed us of your discovery in India .
va	PRES	The door prize ? "
va	PAST	He thumbed off the stopper , allowing the liquid medium inside to spill into his palm and wash over his fingers .
va	PRES	' I du n no .
va	PRES	" Because I play favorites ? "
va	PAST	With a squeal , I latched my arms around his neck .
va	PRES	A blue-grey morning struggles to open its lids and stretch into life .
va	PAST	When he uttered his endearment , she winced , her head jerking as if he 'd struck her .
va	PRES	" When you wouldn 't close it a little early on a rainy afternoon when there weren 't any customers at all . "
va	PRES	Thankfully , my dad understands .
va	PRES	Seems to have drowned . "
va	PAST	" Mrs Benson 's mother hired him to find them when the cops refused to get involved . "
va	PAST	Reluctantly , I introduced him to everyone .
va	PRES	At the bottom of the stairs , West sets up my chair , and Ethan settles me in the seat .
va	PRES	The goblin wrung her hands , stress evident on her face , her fur and ears held flat .
va	PAST	They materialized behind the negotiating table , looking out over the crowd .
va	PRES	" Sure , " he responds , then he tells me the address and I jot it down .
va	PAST	Rika heard the swish of clothing being peeled from the two men 's bodies , the scrape of leather boots toed off against the stone floor .
va	PAST	He raked his hand through his hair to settle it back into place .
va	PAST	" I always vowed any kid of mine would never grow up in a situation like that .
va	PAST	Owen grimaced , and sweat beaded on his forehead , but he swallowed down most of the pain .
va	PRES	Olivia pedals slowly , getting used to the old bike .
va	PAST	As he held on to the head , she cupped the shaft in her fingers , running her fist up and back .
va	PRES	" Stop it please , Jayden , " Kayla tells me .
va	PAST	Sean plucked the crest from the armor and passed it to me .
va	PRES	We employ a marketing team , of course , but I do enjoy working with them .
va	PAST	The buttery sweetness melted into my tongue and improved my overall sense of well-being .
va	PAST	" Now me can understand ye waiting for thy ships to return , " Mae maintained forlornly .
va	PAST	Some of them appreciated being told that it was the little things that could floor you , and some of them didn 't .
va	PAST	After , she drifted off to sleep and I stayed .
va	PAST	She sang on about walking together on a cloudy day and a love that would never stop .
va	PRES	As luck would have it , no gunmen hid in the crowds that day , and no innocent people were shot .
va	PAST	Simon lapped at the juices that flowed from her , murmuring his enjoyment of every drop .
va	PAST	Numb with exhaustion , she slowly undressed , barely glancing in the mirror as she washed her face and brushed her teeth .
va	PRES	My emotions overwhelm me and my voice shakes a little as I raise my head up .
va	PRES	" You paint a lovely picture of your home . "
va	PRES	Too breathless to argue anyway .
va	PAST	Tavi bared his teeth when he smiled .
va	PRES	Like a marionette or a ventriloquist 's dummy . "
va	PAST	He coughed once as he clawed at it , but his mouth flooded with blood from a severed artery and he collapsed to the ground .
va	PRES	" Good stuff huh ?
va	PRES	These distortions create monsters .
va	PRES	A pair of swim trunks on and off the dock into the water .
va	PRES	" Don 't go near the meat-eaters , " she tells me .
va	PRES	We all have regrets , and that is one of his .
va	PAST	" Not - " The man sneered . "
va	PAST	They launched into " Freak , " the single that made them famous a few years ago .
va	PRES	Everyone else breaks apart into flutter and flurry , like moths circling a flame , undifferentiated blurs against the light .
va	PRES	" What about Teresa ? "
va	PAST	She creeped him out .
va	PRES	She thought of Mr. Hayes , touching her , kissing her , his desire palpable .
va	PAST	Zack snatched one and looked at it closely .
va	PRES	Everyone cheers and a girl screams that she loves Cole .
va	PAST	He glinted at me .
va	PRES	We concentrate on the ones we do . "
va	PAST	The blow barely grazed my head , but from their position the others would have no idea how hard I was truly hit .
va	PAST	A choked sob escaped her and she buried her face in her hands again .
va	PRES	Shark jumps with ease .
va	PAST	The sound of movement inside the beach house registered , and he cracked an eyelid open .
va	PAST	They traveled hard but another night was required before they sighted their ship in the cove .
va	PRES	Father Jeffers knocks and enters .
va	PAST	Sebastian looped his tie around her neck and tugged her toward him .
va	PAST	I skated through those questions as delicately as I could without yelling , " who really cares " at the poor women .
va	PAST	She whirled around without hesitation and sauntered up the stairs .
va	PAST	Jess winced at the ice in her voice .
va	PAST	It 's just as matter of finding them , " she assured me .
va	PAST	Slowly , the lines at the corner of her cheeks softened .
va	PAST	When she 'd finished emptying her closet , she whirled around to face him .
va	PRES	A reluctant smile pulls at my lips and I send them both text messages promising I 'm on my way home .
va	PAST	Frowning , I hoisted the weight of my bag over my shoulder .
va	PAST	I fired with my gun .
va	PRES	And while the sun nearly always shone on the city , it never penetrated into the heart of these musty old buildings .
va	PAST	Sure , I reacted to his leaving me .
va	PRES	He waits , resisting crazy , stupid , scary thoughts of flights denied and missed connections , until he sees a flight attendant pushing her chair .
va	PAST	His movements carefully controlled , he shrugged off his unbuttoned shirt and unbuckled his belt , letting his trousers fall to the floor .
va	PAST	I afterwards hired a mule , as the more sure-footed and least liable to receive injury on these rugged roads .
va	PRES	Warner drops his clothes to the floor and looks at me almost intimately .
va	PRES	The coppery taste of blood coats my tongue .
va	PRES	River narrows his eyes , trying to gauge my reaction .
va	PRES	" In a room next to the library . "
va	PAST	Teleport drifted to a stop .
va	PAST	All the stress lines on Holly 's face ironed out .
va	PAST	She snorted and went on with her preparations .
va	PAST	More laughter erupted around me .
va	PRES	No such luck , though , huh ? "
va	PAST	He altered his course abruptly , shooting straight up into the air .
va	PAST	Olivia moaned when his other hand slipped beneath his shirt and found the curve of her breast , wrapping around the underside , testing its weight .
va	PAST	He squared his shoulders .
va	PAST	She flinched at the memory of his words .
va	PRES	He scratched his head .
va	PAST	I wrote this shortly after you were born .
va	PRES	" Yes , but at the same time , he believes you have one another . "
va	PAST	Delight flooded through me .
va	PAST	" Probably wasn 't expecting to find that two other armies beat him to the city , " Ham noted .
va	PAST	More gunfire erupted and I heard the men at the bank watching for us , waiting for us to surface .
va	PRES	Soup thick with crab meat , soft bean curd in hot paste and diced shrimp , turnip cakes fried crisp and brown .
va	PAST	Tears stream down my cheeks again , but my body makes no sound .
va	PRES	When my wife left , things calmed down for my son and me .
va	PRES	Sam winced , her soft brown eyes clouding over as she dropped into her own chair .
va	PAST	She cursed them , wishing for the strength her mother held , or that of Lizzy .
va	PAST	She straightened and pulled her hair back behind her shoulders .
va	PRES	" Correct , " he tells me .
va	PAST	Summer resisted a smile .
va	PRES	He plugs the power adapter into a wall socket and attaches it to the small box .
va	PAST	The natives wrote a song about that fight .
va	PAST	Raphael puffed out his chest and headed toward her with his signature minced gait .
va	PAST	Hamish clapped his hands .
va	PRES	" I ' l be your watchdog , princess , but only because it 's you . "
va	PRES	Your father believes him . "
va	PRES	Did I interrupt a dream about Cinnamon Boy ? "
va	PAST	" We want clean , contained explosions , and the soldiers 'll point out the best spots for us to plant these things .
va	PAST	Spying Alex , their dogs scrambled to their feet .
va	PAST	Natalia 's face flushed a deep red as she faced her friend .
va	PRES	To try and make sense of all this weirdness floating through their heads . '
va	PRES	Murphy shoots his men a look , admonishing them .
va	PRES	" She said yes , " Hayden adds , shaking his head toward Dax like he is stupid .
va	PAST	Instantly his body ached , almost crippling him to his knees .
va	PRES	She rests her head on my shoulder as the sink runs in the kitchen , my father rinsing off the plate .
va	PAST	Francesca is usually very good about informing me of the day 's schedule , " Santino improvised smoothly .
va	PAST	Breathing hard and waiting for the pain in his knuckles to subside enough for him to gage the situation , Abraham trembled with raw adrenaline .
va	PRES	Opening her eyes , Diana listens , and hears the bell ringing .
va	PAST	They almost rode by her .
va	PAST	My pulse thundered in my ears , blocking out all other sound .
va	PRES	" You 're killing me , " he moans , then sighs , and rests his head on mine before pulling away .
va	PRES	He wipes his face with his sleeve and hands me one .
va	PAST	All three of them concentrated on their meal for awhile after that .
va	PRES	They reveal the true identity of a culture .
va	PAST	He lunged to the end of his chain , reaching out ; his clawing fingers fell short of Claire 's foot by about two inches .
va	PRES	He leads us back upstairs to the office .
va	PAST	This time he cursed aloud .
va	PAST	Grease , soot , and one or two other things Nita couldn 't identify smudged her clothes and face .
va	PAST	The crowd , which ebbed and flowed , had dwindled enough that Savannah and Misty could handle the line .
va	PRES	I convince myself that if I don 't remember anything , then there probably isn 't anything to remember .
va	PRES	She pats her pockets for the keys .
va	PRES	Except he did owe her for what he 'd said in the jungle , for denying his own daughter .
va	PAST	I avoided its avid jaws and ripped into it , the taste of copper flooding my mouth .
va	PRES	My body aches most mornings and it 's a good day if I can go to the bathroom without a problem .
va	PRES	What kind of issues ? "
va	PAST	Guy coughed into his hand .
va	PAST	Kaspar yanked me to his side , hugging me close but I hardly noticed .
va	PAST	Apollo barely spared him a glance .
va	PAST	Lara 's nervousness increased as the deadline grew closer .
va	PRES	A breeze teased tendrils from her braid and molded her skirt and cropped sleeveless top to her body .
va	PRES	" My belt ? "
va	PAST	Sean 's hands tug up the dress , revealing my nak * d bottom .
va	PRES	She spat out the word .
va	PAST	Mariah raced for the familiar winding path that would lead her down .
va	PAST	With every flick of her tongue against his neck , his nipple , his stomach , his desire increased .
va	PRES	That glance betrayed his worst fear , the fear of looking like a fool in front of his accomplices .
va	PRES	Anger burns in my voice .
va	PAST	" The big NFL football stud .
va	PAST	The Logos doctrine of Heraclitus , which held the laws of nature to be the Divine Mind , later developed into the pantheistic theology of Stoicism .
va	PAST	Our gazes clashed and held .
va	PRES	" Not a peep . "
va	PAST	Gabe clapped his hands four times .
va	PAST	Suddenly a heavy storm of rain descended .
va	PAST	" Easy , " he cautioned .
va	PRES	I commit myself , and all that I am , to it , until death parts us .
va	PAST	And I insulted you .
va	PAST	" Has she ever inspected the back of your leg ? "
va	PRES	" Sailor Moon . "
va	PRES	It calmed down as soon as I pulled you from her room . "
va	PRES	He moves so it is his mouth on my cheek .
va	PAST	Some new sound distracted me then .
va	PRES	Her eyebrows arch with feigned amusement .
va	PAST	" Were you injured by the faerie ? "
va	PAST	The older woman lurched a bit , and I caught her .
va	PRES	" Is Mrs. Beaumont there ? "
va	PAST	She braided intricate feathers into strings for her father to hang ( as she also did ) from his tools or weapons .
va	PAST	Sam grimaced , still blaming herself .
va	PRES	Dakota 's head pokes out from around the beaded curtain .
va	PAST	Stars and streetlights dappled bricked walkways .
va	PAST	I sink onto the bed opposite her , the springs creaking under the heaviness of my body , and gaze out of the window .
va	PAST	I snorted in frustration and grabbed a towel to clean up the mess .
va	PAST	He moaned as she dipped her other hand down and cupped and stroked him from underneath while her right hand continued to tease him .
va	PAST	When he noticed me he halted abruptly , looked back , forward and then back again .
va	PRES	My chest heaves in and out .
va	PRES	" A perfect choice , " Quinn adds , so swiftly that I realize it was his idea .
va	PRES	Those poor damn people that had been taken , the poor damn people that were now prisoners .
va	PRES	" No , " I typed .
va	PRES	Love you , " she hastened , and ended the call before her friend bombarded her with questions she didn 't want to answer .
va	PAST	I ducked beneath the water , swimming toward the ship .
va	PAST	Matt suppressed a humorless chuckle to himself .
va	PAST	" News never traveled fast in those days , but he knew already in August that the other copy had been destroyed .
va	PAST	At this Myles straightened .
va	PAST	The boy shuddered , and bowed his head , elbows on his naked knees .
va	PAST	Yet you shed the blood of stupid blundering mortals . "
va	PAST	They all scurried away as fast as their cowardly legs could take them .
va	PAST	Nathan recommended they meet for lunch at Hill 's Restaurant .
va	PAST	My eyes darted to the door just in time to see a woman step through .
va	PAST	He flipped me the bird .
va	PAST	You have done well , my dear , " he smirked at the one proud Jedi .
va	PAST	In fact , I wrote up his wife a month ago , after she also tried to use his name to get out of her ticket .
va	PAST	Just - " his tongue darted out to sweep across one tight , sensitive nipple " - pleasure . "
va	PAST	We embraced and rolled wildly over and over in the warm white sand .
va	PAST	Before either could cast a word of surprise , the lean figures sprinted gracefully towards them .
va	PAST	She linked her fingers with his , needing the comfort of his closeness .
va	PRES	It reminds me of the gaping hole left in our lives .
va	PRES	" Are you taken aback , Celeste ? "
va	PAST	She winked and tucked the money into her bodice .
va	PRES	Then he moves back another step so that he is leaning against the door .
va	PAST	C4 explosive tore through the thick poured concrete floor .
va	PAST	He grumbled and walked off .
va	PAST	I blushed a little at his unexpected nearness , but threw him a smile in response .
va	PAST	" That 's a lot of organic soap , " I commented .
va	PRES	" We shall see if you are still laughing when I have finished with you , " he mocked in hollow tones .
va	PAST	Dinah croaked , ' Pig - pig .
va	PRES	" I should have warned you , ancient warriors tend not to think much about nudity .
va	PRES	She pulls me toward her by the front of my shirt and kisses me .
va	PAST	To defend herself , she dipped her hand inside his trousers , beneath the waistband of his briefs , and cupped him lovingly in her hand .
va	PAST	As Edwin fumbled with the envelope his pulse quickened , and his head began to throb .
va	PRES	We ' re fighting , to stay alive .
va	PAST	Calla switched the candle from her left hand to her right .
va	PAST	His heart raced and sweat poured from his forehead despite the cool breeze .
va	PRES	" Give me a break , " Cal moans .
va	PAST	The unnatural beast plummeted to the ground , vainly attempting to keep his entrails in and put out the fire that covered him .
va	PRES	" Just so you know , " she mumbles as she drifts off to sleep .
va	PAST	He lapped her up like cream .
va	PRES	Or making out in one of the eight bedrooms .
va	PAST	Absolutely nothing , " he vowed , the sincerity in his eyes driving the truth of his words into my heart like a hammer .
va	PRES	" Thank you , Colonel .
va	PRES	She wrenched her mind out of shock and tried to grasp a line of purpose .
va	PAST	Bleeding profusely from his nose , the policeman resurfaced and unhooked his baton swinging from his hip .
va	PRES	He pulls out shampoo , soap and a clean pair of boxers from the bag and tosses them onto the bed .
va	PAST	She poked him in the chest again .
va	PRES	His other hand pulls me closer and runs down my back .
va	PRES	Enormous pyramid landing bases loom in a row , dark and imposing , and I instantly think of the first time I 'd seen them in Vegas .
va	PAST	I suspected as much .
va	PRES	" I vote for sex . "
va	PAST	His hand ached , and he snatched it from her , only now seeing that her cracked and damaged skin was whole and unblemished .
va	PRES	His beard hid his chin , so I couldn 't tell anything from the set of his jaw .
va	PAST	When I glanced at Kris , she scowled at me , rolling her eyes what 's more .
va	PRES	Lily turned , her hands guiding the massive doors easily .
va	PRES	This action adds a Tier to your account .
va	PAST	Planting a quick kiss on his snout , I darted past , ready to throw the door open .
va	PRES	She doesn ´ t even know how to drive .
va	PRES	Then , I said more harshly , " Again ?
va	PAST	Her stomach fluttered from having him so close .
va	PRES	" Shall we hike up the hill and see what we can before dark settles in .
va	PRES	" Okay , yeah , I grant you that 's a risk .
va	PAST	Frost crackled on the windowpane , and when I called for Chance , my breath swirled like white fog before my face .
va	PAST	Tears once again moistened her eyes , but this time , none of them spilled over .
va	PRES	Although Natalie and Sophia did manage to bid each of them farewell before they left .
va	PRES	How rude of me ! "
va	PAST	I resolved to speak only when I was spoken to .
va	PAST	I gravitated next door to the temple .
va	PAST	The shock on Jacob 's face melted into a look so hopeful that my heart leaped in my chest .
va	PAST	She clattered around the kitchen for a while before bringing out a tray with two bowls and two plates on it .
va	PAST	Amber escorted her to her room where she proceeded to remove a couple of gowns for Helen 's inspection .
va	PRES	Noah 's expression hardened .
va	PRES	Most of the time I prefer that , too .
va	PAST	Mikhail loomed up , a dark , malevolent shadow .
va	PAST	My eyes darted towards the closed closet by the bedroom door where there were shelves filled with blankets .
va	PRES	When she sees me , she jumps off the stool and runs to me , pulling me into a tight hug .
va	PAST	He arched a brow .
va	PAST	She wailed and dropped him !
va	PRES	Zoey watched Aria disappear through the dining room .
va	PRES	" It only reminds me of my difficult times . "
va	PRES	He pulls open the door .
va	PRES	" Unless you do intend to give her immortality ? "
va	PRES	I suspect you 'll see such things now and then -- worlds wildly different than our own .
va	PAST	He flipped back the sheet and patted the mattress .
va	PRES	That it was my punishment for daring to defy my father and even Ian to a degree .
va	PAST	My parents never pried , they always treated me like an adult , but I couldn 't blame her for wanting to understand what was going on .
va	PRES	Even before her pulse slowed , Stacy had regrets .
va	PRES	The dress was very sexy , her body breathtaking in the soft flickering lights .
va	PRES	" Go on then , " she prodded .
va	PAST	Blood trickled from her mouth .
va	PRES	The mud cushions the fall , but I 'm covered in muck .
va	PRES	And she searches for answers , and she fears the portal to the heavens when she sees it . "
va	PRES	" You tend to use grapes .
va	PAST	Having told myself all this , I recited the list again .
va	PRES	Not that I don 't care , but I don 't just know how to look sober , nothing moves me anymore .
va	PRES	" And I presume this is where one might find Miss Adeline Broxton , hmm ? "
va	PRES	My joints ache ; my eyes burn from an insatiable exhaustion .
va	PRES	He aims the remote at the ceiling , punches in a series of numbers and steps back .
va	PAST	As he passed Kaden , he clapped a hand on Kaden 's shoulder in a salute of thanks .
va	PAST	My face flushed and heated .
va	PAST	" Good , " he sneered .
va	PAST	Mitch staggered through the dark house and found Hearsay waiting at the back door .
va	PAST	" What , that concert yesterday ?
va	PRES	With that the call ends .
va	PAST	Her anger surfaced easily .
va	PAST	He smirked even more smugly .
va	PRES	What if she tells Noah ?
va	PRES	A black cape over his shoulders hid his muscular physique .
va	PRES	" OK , OK , " I relent .
va	PRES	She pulls her dress up and produces a small pocketknife from a pink frilly garter around her thigh .
va	PAST	With shaking hands , she typed the words into the box .
va	PRES	" My curse to bear , not yours . "
va	PAST	Tim yanked Bennett 's legs out from under him , and suddenly they were both on the ground wrestling and landing punches .
va	PRES	Those damned to live the rest of their lives alone .
va	PAST	He cursed softly under his breath .
va	PAST	Grabbing both of Running Deer 's arms they tie him up with a rope .
va	PAST	Matthews busied himself putting ice into a plastic bag , but when Lucas saw my swollen hand his jaw immediately clenched .
va	PAST	Then I tore her beating heart from her chest . "
va	PAST	" Cresta , " Casper whispered , his eyes wide .
va	PAST	Perhaps another intelligent species developed on this planet . "
va	PAST	She flinched as the man behind her pulled her head back even more .
va	PRES	Davis telling Alexis she was his first choice .
va	PRES	Blake pulls the ring box out of his pocket and opens and closes the lid a couple of times .
va	PRES	A whore , like everyone always tells me .
va	PAST	The captain squared his shoulders .
va	PAST	I flipped through one , found nothing .
va	PRES	Her thighs squeeze my head so I can 't hear anything , but the grip on my hair gives me an indication she 's enjoying it .
va	PAST	" Well , " he winked at her .
va	PRES	He wipes a tear with the back of his hand .
va	PAST	But he merely parted his lips and met the tip of her tongue with his .
va	PRES	He moves toward our windows , and dread lurches inside of me .
va	PAST	Reyes bared his teeth , resembling a feral animal as he leaned the rest of the way in to her .
va	PRES	" A bit farther .
va	PAST	Thinking the demons had found her , she scrambled to her feet .
va	PAST	I normally avoided fights or any conflict .
va	PAST	" This is fascinating , " the Prince proclaimed .
va	PRES	He heated stones , pushed them inside , and sprinkled water over them until the hut filled with steam .
va	PAST	Her muscles ached from the pleasure , but she wouldn 't have changed her choice if given another chance .
va	PRES	" To charity ? "
va	PRES	So they hunt what they don 't understand .
va	PAST	Its surface resembled that of the much larger sphere .
va	PRES	He tells me to wake up .
va	PAST	Hysteria bubbled in her throat and she leaned forward , her fury toward both Mrs. Jones and Tiffany fighting within her .
va	PRES	Return to the Halls and drink yourself senseless . "
va	PAST	The room seethed with moisture .
va	PAST	Marble flooring peeked out near the edges of the room .
va	PRES	He glanced around , his face thunderous , ready to stare down , or possibly pound , any poor fool he caught looking .
va	PRES	The sound blended with the booming music like wind chimes on a blustery day .
va	PRES	I dart up with every intention of getting away from her .
va	PAST	She nearly flinched at that last line , especially when his eyes twinkled .
va	PAST	His entire face softened , but the sadness in his eyes grew .
va	PRES	It splashes and just floats there like a cork .
va	PAST	" Now you know how that poor woman felt , " Boone seethed in anger .
va	PRES	He intends to destroy Alicante 's wards and strike at the Clave from the heart of their power . "
va	PRES	He cocks an eyebrow .
va	PAST	Gwen straightened and gazed at Lyssa .
va	PRES	Edd scratched his head .
va	PRES	" Maybe ... " Anne Marie hated to seem so tentative .
va	PAST	Then , he unhooked the bow and stern lines used for loading and unloading the boat .
va	PRES	I blacked out at least twenty-four hours of my life . "
va	PRES	Chapter twenty-three I like to try new things .
va	PRES	His voice trembles with emotion .
va	PRES	It saves a lot of walking time for those who don 't own any traveling vehicles .
va	PAST	Candace and Amelia , two of Madeline 's three suite mates , straightened from their reclining positions on the sofas of the sitting room .
va	PRES	He pulls away from me .
va	PAST	Her tension melted away .
va	PRES	And when I finally come in for my goodnight hug , he licks me affectionately on the ear .
va	PRES	She drags on her cigarette and retreats into a cynical part of her mind .
va	PRES	He reminds me of a dead body .
va	PAST	He deposited the mineral water , one at each of their elbows , and began to decant the wine .
va	PRES	The boy constable chimes in for the first time : " We got the results of the post-mortem yesterday .
va	PRES	No word yet on how they met , but spokespeople from the Collins camp do confirm that the couple is deliriously happy . "
va	PRES	That guy ... the Old One ... he grabbed me , and -- " " Rafael ?
va	PAST	His whole body wagging , Toby welcomed me into the house .
va	PRES	Then he tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear , observing me intently .
va	PAST	Josef cursed as the phone rang and searched beneath a pile of newspapers scattered across the table .
va	PAST	Christopher patted her hand where it rested on his arm .
va	PAST	" I 'm sorry , " I wrote .
va	PAST	Disgusted , he snatched it down and Erica was more confused than ever , so she blurted , " What is going on ? "
va	PAST	The reek of burnt blood , hair , sweat and cloth raked their nostrils .
va	PAST	I flinched , but he didn 't remove his hand .
va	PRES	" No one ever goes inside the cabin except the servants , " Adria adds .
va	PRES	Every army that has attacked its walls has been defeated , dwarf armies , elf armies , goblin armies , armies of giants , armies of wizards .
va	PAST	I whirled around to look .
va	PRES	I du n no how they could have sent a telegram , though , without comin ' to town .
va	PRES	" No , Ben - " He catches my eyes again .
va	PRES	If that matters to you . "
va	PAST	Bark snickered at the idea of her visiting great great great great great grandchildren , though he wasn 't sure who she was visiting .
va	PRES	Let 's wake Danny up so he can say good-bye and see your plane before we go . "
va	PAST	' Gladly would I help thee to accomplish that end , outlaw wench ! '
va	PRES	Fire Dragons after all , where to be feared by humans and not viewed as their friends .
va	PAST	" I 'm fine , " I assured him .
va	PRES	" I 'd never had that before , Maya .
va	PAST	The others with him snickered softly , relishing the sight of the charm machine being halted dead in his tracks .
va	PAST	The workers tore into the house , pulling boards from its face as she wept .
va	PRES	For that matter , I suggest you keep a wary eye on this prince .
va	PRES	" And for those of us still struggling with algebra ? "
va	PAST	I straightened out my hooded sweatshirt and exchanged my sweatpants for a pair of jeans lying on the floor .
va	PAST	I resisted for a moment , but Gem knew me .
va	PAST	She ached to stroke and caress , to slide her mouth over him just to see his reaction .
va	PRES	" I 'm going to Vegas , " I announce to my mom , rushing for my bedroom before she can argue .
va	PAST	My attention veered to the surrounding furniture .
va	PAST	Walked until her feet ached , until blisters grew on her heels and toes .
va	PAST	Music drifted out to us .
va	PRES	A different guy picks meets me at the main entrance three hours later .
va	PRES	" I love it here , " Reece tells me with a sigh .
va	PRES	Nodding emphatically , I replied , " Absolutely , Mase .
va	PAST	" A whole lot , " he conceded .
va	PRES	He nudges me in a silent offer .
va	PRES	Despair haunts the steps of the common people .
va	PAST	She scanned his face and believed him .
va	PAST	In her weariness , she plotted another 's demise .
va	PAST	As we got close to the shoreline , the chilly water splashed around creating droplets of water flying through the air .
va	PAST	I tug my hand free and then sip my wine .
va	PAST	Surprised , she pivoted back toward him .
va	PRES	" No , " he responds stubbornly .
va	PAST	The first emergency unit , a patrolling police car , rounded the corner a couple of blocks away .
va	PAST	He trundled out into the lawn .
va	PRES	" No doubt she calmed him down - wait !
va	PRES	" Today we enter darkness .
va	PAST	Because we both know now , I presume , that you 're not going to throw those remarkable gloves away .
va	PRES	That saves us some time .
va	PAST	The trip lasted another two days and we went back to the village .
va	PRES	She acts like I 'm still a hatchling .
va	PAST	Jenny moaned as she turned the engine off .
va	PAST	Tiny shivers raced up and down my spine , creating goose bumps that scattered over my scalp and caused my eyes to flutter closed .
va	PRES	In a low , almost embarrassed tone , he said , " I owe him money . "
va	PAST	' Great idea , Billy , ' he grumbled to himself .
va	PRES	" And brain waves create energy . "
va	PRES	" Well if you 're tired ... " Liam mocked his friend good-naturedly .
va	PAST	Amber nudged her awake .
va	PAST	She punctuated each of the last four words with a kiss .
va	PRES	As soon as it surrounded his neck , the chain shrunk until it sat tightly with very little slack .
va	PRES	Mike , recognizing what was happening but still having trouble believing it , tilted his head and closed his eyes , their faces drawing near .
va	PRES	" It 's like I 'm surrounded by this black void , and every once in a while , a little light flickers to life .
va	PAST	His erection dug into my hip and I felt a leap of excitement .
va	PRES	Another scientist adds , " It could be the toxin from a lion fish or the bone marrow from a snowy owl . "
va	PRES	slightly louder now , speaking into blackness so heavy I might have been a hundred miles underground .
va	PAST	He quickly scanned what he could see of the second floor and then headed toward the stairs .
va	PAST	I scanned the exterior of the building , hoping someone had left out an implement , like a rake ... Nothing .
va	PAST	His chest rippled as well as his arms .
va	PAST	" Just like his father , " she grumbled , shaking her head .
va	PRES	Gabe sets down his empty bottle and pulls out a second .
va	PRES	A gate lifts and he drives through .
va	PRES	The Pope demands it .
va	PRES	' Miss Flora Murray . '
va	PRES	I also suspect it 's likely to be dark and small , not exactly my favourite combination .
va	PRES	A pure soul emerges from a crude and repulsive figure .
va	PRES	" Fine , no promises . "
va	PRES	" You ramble like that a lot ? "
va	PAST	He loops an arm around my waist , and I can feel it burning through the fabric of my dress .
va	PAST	Slowly transforming back to human , Renfield whimpered , his neck bleeding as he turned to Hannah .
va	PRES	The celibate lifestyle thing . "
va	PAST	All along his limbs , electricity crackled , growing hotter by the second .
va	PAST	" Stupid pen , " I grumbled .
va	PAST	When Christophe walked away , Andrew smirked as if he 'd just won Cash Pot numbers .
va	PRES	My stomach flutters at the thought of going to sleep in Cash 's arms every night and waking up in them every morning .
va	PAST	" If I can 't , he can 't , " she intoned under her breath , brows twitching above her fiery eyes .
va	PAST	He launched a barrage of fire towards the control panel and the open elevator door .
va	PRES	" Citizens bend at the waist .
va	PRES	" ' How 's it goin ' , Old Puke Face ? '
va	PRES	I prefer bright colors .
va	PRES	" But a lot of its deepest secrets , as well .
va	PAST	Dylan 's eyes glinted .
va	PAST	Well , four if she counted Lord Hastings , but she didn 't care to include him .
va	PAST	A door popped out of the wall , opening .
va	PAST	He clawed himself up out of the shallow grave and found himself looking into the astonished face of his brother Conlan .
va	PAST	" Thanks Sheriff , I appreciate that . "
va	PAST	" Say my name , " he commanded as his teeth raked down her throat .
va	PRES	Not that it matters .
va	PAST	" It was the best of times , it was the worst of times , " Ashe quoted the Dickens classic .
va	PRES	As if he hadn 't been terrified of losing her .
va	PAST	" My attorney sold this apartment to an investment company CEO . "
va	PRES	He shrugs , snaking his arms around my waist .
va	PRES	Sighing , I tilted my head to give him better access .
va	PRES	Then her hand crashes into my cheek .
va	PAST	So I skidded along in the mud , the mermaid fountain getting closer and closer with every second .
va	PRES	Laila 's fists , resting on the tabletop , tighten .
va	PAST	The question infuriated me .
va	PAST	Armed with larger than life bouquets , we avoided the flashing bulbs , heading toward the sliding doors .
va	PRES	Rex responds immediately as if knowing I would say that .
va	PRES	Two walkers , the ones digging into Simon 's flesh fall backwards , small red circles forming on the centre of their foreheads .
va	PAST	Even the climax with the bite belonged when it came .
va	PAST	He winked as though he was letting me in on a private joke .
va	PAST	Her lips parted , her breath picking up pace , and my eyes drifted down to the perfect heart arch .
va	PAST	He whined softly with anticipation as the scent grew stronger the closer he came to the golden light .
va	PAST	Janelle jammed her hands into her pockets , squeezing the thin fiber inside .
va	PAST	I arched my hips , trying to take him in , but he just pulled back further , teasing me with how close he was .
va	PAST	We first applied direct pressure , but the flow continued .
va	PRES	" I like the stripes , " he tells me , his dark eyes twinkling .
va	PAST	He grimaced again , and stared at himself in the cracked mirror over the washbasin .
va	PRES	" Detective constable Lucas . "
va	PRES	You , who , read my book , judge .
va	PAST	Either someone tampered with it or it never worked to begin with .
va	PAST	He then surveyed the pushing and shoving masses that stood between him and the rift .
va	PAST	She smirked right back , lifting an eyebrow .
va	PAST	This time , Angelina resolved not to feel ashamed .
va	PRES	' You hid it in the manger ? '
va	PRES	A lot of people disappear on the lake . "
va	PAST	His hand drifted away , curving over her hip .
va	PAST	Kali dug into the cushions and found the remote .
va	PAST	The pounding increased in urgency .
va	PAST	Saul maintained a silence , eyeing the commissioner with suspicion .
va	PAST	She grimaced , marring that gorgeous face for just a moment .
va	PRES	" Is Daniels all right ? "
va	PRES	she yells , grabbing the phone from my hand .
va	PAST	she stammered , looking between the two of them .
va	PRES	" I 'm not staying away , " Silence .
va	PRES	Together we raise our hands and point them in the direction of the twins , a lightning bolt shoots from our fingers towards them .
va	PRES	Just some regular night noises in the forest .
va	PAST	She patted her tummy .
va	PAST	He drifted his nose , as he 'd been wanting to for weeks , along the line of her cheek .
va	PRES	" One hundred percent . "
va	PRES	" How about that Jeff fellow , the one who runs the deep sea fishing outfit ?
va	PAST	Those deaths marked the final dark act to seal this tomb .
va	PAST	His voice roughened as he put his knee between her legs .
va	PAST	I popped the bug in and had the phone closed up again in seconds .
va	PAST	" Easier said than done , " Griffin grumbled .
va	PAST	She winked jauntily , and I felt a sudden , unwelcome stab of jealousy .
va	PRES	Like the sun popping out from a cloud bank , the sudden brilliant light heated my skin .
va	PRES	" Although there are spiders downstairs .
va	PRES	' Who cares ? '
va	PAST	Her gaze drifted around his office .
va	PAST	The people respectfully applauded and Marcus lowered his head .
va	PRES	" I prefer my life to be private . "
va	PAST	Meagan 's voice trembled as we walked .
va	PAST	Canned , dried , or precooked .
va	PAST	He counted six other officers with her .
va	PAST	He tilted his lips into a sly grin and nuzzled her neck .
va	PRES	" I know what meeting with you is like , " I manage to bite .
va	PRES	Camels gallop by throwing their feet as far away from them as possible and then running to keep up .
va	PRES	the commander demands with a half smile .
va	PAST	Look at me Clay , " she commanded and I was powerless to resist her .
va	PRES	" What about Mum ? "
va	PRES	That he really understands it . "
va	PAST	As slight as those fists were , he barely registered the impact .
va	PRES	I latch onto the hunger eagerly .
va	PAST	Brick equally attached it to his wrist , with added complaints .
va	PAST	At that , they all snickered .
va	PRES	He completely ignores the entire war .
va	PAST	Budda switched to a different bus in Indianapolis , which was not as full as the first one .
va	PAST	He cupped her cheek .
va	PAST	Sabbath snorted and reared up on his haunches for show .
va	PAST	The white liquid caked Tristan 's mouth like mud .
va	PAST	" Don 't try to move , " Donovan cautioned .
va	PAST	He coughed yet again and this time blood trickled from the side of his mouth .
va	PRES	After we hear Dee close the door to her own bedroom , Kate locks ours and turns to me .
va	PAST	" You 're a sick fuck , " Camden seethed at him .
va	PAST	He certainly resembled his father and grandfather .
va	PAST	In her experience , doctors tended to be stodgy , rather snooty individuals .
va	PRES	" Ted , honestly , what else can we do ? "
va	PAST	She straightened her shoulders defiantly , her chin lifting somewhat in disbelief .
va	PRES	I poke his chest , right over his heart .
va	PAST	I fired twice , hitting one and missing the other .
va	PRES	My dad 's tone hardened .
va	PAST	His eyes fluttered open and his pale lips parted .
va	PAST	Firstly he booted up the neat console and accessed summaries of the bridge reports .
va	PAST	I staggered under the weight .
va	PAST	When he was done , he positioned her properly in the bed and tucked the heavy furs around her .
va	PAST	Then she tore out the check , extended it to him .
va	PRES	He narrows his eyes and pulls his hands from mine , then cups my face again .
va	PAST	I blushed to my toes .
va	PAST	She invited thoughts of him to fill her , to anchor her through the nightmares .
va	PRES	" Come on , get up , " Dante tells her politely and softly .
va	PRES	CHAPTER EIGHT The asphalt path ran up alongside the garden wall of the house , fence on the other side .
va	PRES	I rummage through my purse for the keys to my car .
va	PAST	" I know something about moths , " Robert intoned .
va	PRES	As I turn the corner , my breath catches .
va	PAST	It had been so long since I 'd felt it , I welcomed it .
va	PRES	Zach 's face shines with surprise as he looks at the now complete journal whose edges have bent with regular use .
va	PAST	Shane 's eyes scanned my features .
va	PAST	His face loomed over mine , blocking some of the light .
va	PRES	" Uh huh , " she said moving closer to him , " and what else ? "
va	PAST	Since he was also a man of action , he cemented his declaration with another kiss .
va	PRES	We trade with them , we do not invade each other 's lands ... but it would be an exaggeration to call them our friends . "
va	PRES	" Did you trip ov - " Footsteps barrel between my legs .
va	PRES	" My notes ? "
va	PRES	My body responds immediately , carrying me toward her .
va	PAST	He patted the space next to him .
va	PAST	As they shook , Roy scanned his surroundings .
va	PRES	I still owe you big-time for that day in Karbala . "
va	PRES	A fallen branch catches my attention and I carefully maneuver over to it before the Fem reels me in like a fish .
va	PAST	The sunrise glinted off the space station .
va	PRES	Then my floundering brain nudges me , reminds me that Ketchup is still standing next to me , not speaking a word .
va	PRES	She pulls my face toward hers and kisses me .
va	PRES	She smirks , and I chew the inside of my cheek like I 'm debating agreeing to her terms .
va	PAST	The chop , chop , chop of the helicopter blades swelled , faster .
va	PRES	He breaks his glare .
va	PRES	" I really ho -- " he begins but Cat 's yell from the down the stairs cuts him off .
va	PRES	" But what about Colonel Rollins ? "
va	PRES	I suck in a startled breath .
va	PAST	Her dark brown eyes scorched him with sincerity .
va	PAST	His hand cupped her breast , pushing it upward , his thumb circling her nipple , while he watched the pink tip harden into a tight bud .
va	PAST	His heart immediately pumped extra blood through his body in anticipation of a possible enemy who might be moving around in the dark .
va	PAST	Her smile warmed him completely as she spread her legs wide .
va	PAST	The sun streamed in through wide double windows that gave on to a small balcony .
va	PAST	A low growl issued from his chest as his features dropped their playfulness .
va	PRES	The men at the tables raise their mugs and cheer .
va	PAST	His blue eyes glimmered .
va	PAST	He rides the words of his theories like I ride the mists .
va	PRES	Dad faces Mom , his mouth drops open , his eyes burn , as if asking if Jill 's words are true .
va	PRES	It involves some young women that might be being held against their will . "
va	PAST	" I 've no doubt , " Devon drawled , her Southern accent coming out in full force .
va	PRES	The hot asphalt of the parking lot burns the soles of my shoeless feet as we rush outside towards the truck .
va	PRES	His silence tells me what I need to know .
va	PRES	Then his eyes slid lower , his palm guiding her hand downward as well .
va	PRES	" You weren 't supposed to get this wet , " he tells me softly .
va	PAST	I stammered in amazement .
va	PRES	" Christ , if the witch reads this ... " He leaned back and stared at the ceiling .
va	PAST	Instead , he reeled his emotions back in .
va	PAST	Then she applied various shades of brown and bronze eye shadows .
va	PAST	She scanned my face .
va	PRES	She hid it by pretending she didn 't care .
va	PRES	" I will not sit back and hand this school over to corrupt out of fear , " Leo responds .
va	PAST	She scanned the words and saw her name , verifying what he said .
va	PAST	A handful of good folks clapped softly for him , then the crowd began to break up .
va	PAST	He calmly inserted the key in the lock , turned it , and swung the door open .
va	PRES	Can we afford that ? "
va	PRES	But when they 're asleep , they produce a lot of uncontrolled ultralight from the dream spectrum .
va	PRES	We 're about to dance with the whole dang Army of Mexico , I reckon . "
va	PRES	He pulls a scrap of paper from his pocket and the pen from behind his ear .
va	PRES	But no one enlightened him .
va	PRES	Kim waits for Adam to say , " I 'm scared , " and when he doesn 't she takes it as a good sign .
va	PAST	She shooed them to the far side of the street , then stooped to talk to them .
va	PAST	" Sit down , please , " Madge invited .
va	PRES	Gently pulling her into his strong arms , her head rests on his strong chest , just under his chin .
va	PAST	The ringing of his cell phone distracted him as they reached the cash register , and Cale pulled it out with a frown .
va	PAST	Rachel noted how careful the President was being not to mention her father .
va	PAST	People trickled from the office buildings surrounding her .
va	PRES	The young man indicates to the waiter to bring a beer mug for his guest .
va	PRES	" I suspect you haven 't done enough of that lately . "
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry about your father , " she tells him .
va	PAST	But my chest ached .
va	PRES	It adds warmth to the room .
va	PRES	A howl of frustration nearly escapes me , but I keep quiet , knowing the longer Phillip believes me to be unconscious , the better .
va	PAST	It tore her heart to admit it , but Anna was not the little girl she had once been .
va	PAST	her daughter commanded sternly .
va	PRES	The mayor breaks off mid-sentence .
va	PRES	But it tells you much less than the whole truth about Christianity and it has no practical importance at all .
va	PRES	That narrows the possibilities , and I can rule out the usual suspects .
va	PRES	" Yes , we seek the dragon but have been waylaid by curiosity of these tracks before us .
va	PRES	" Like whoever forged this bill of sale .
va	PAST	The tiny light expanded to blot out the flame .
va	PAST	" Oh ... oh , sure . "
va	PRES	If you want a meeting , I suggest that you contact my staff and request a meeting .
va	PRES	I 'm fit as a fiddle , " I assure him , and offer my mouth for one last brush against his lips .
va	PAST	She staggered , leaned into Lucan and then righted herself .
va	PAST	The three of us linked together and threaded our way to the dimly lit kitchen in the back .
va	PAST	He winced from the pain , grabbed the back of his head and applied pressure to the sting .
va	PRES	He just treats her like ... well , like he treats me .
va	PAST	She rode her bike and parked it outside the shop , chaining it to the light post .
va	PRES	I kick a root in the ground , trying to loosen it .
va	PRES	" But I lo - I am very fond of him . "
va	PRES	" Yo JJ , " He yells .
va	PRES	The idea terrified Mortimer , but he knew it would have to be done to protect their people from discovery .
va	PRES	So it includes the Scots , Welsh and Irish .
va	PAST	He softened his tone and continued , " They trapped you .
va	PAST	The buzz of office noise flooded the interrogation room as the door slammed open and Eliot appeared in the doorway .
va	PAST	Kip wandered over to a chair and sat down .
va	PRES	" I feel like Cinderella , " I remark as I put my foot in and he laces the boot up .
va	PAST	While drowning his sorrows , James hummed along with the familiar songs .
va	PRES	He reached out , fingers blurring .
va	PAST	" You cloaked your trail well .
va	PRES	He scratched his jaw .
va	PAST	" Lacy , " her mother intoned .
va	PAST	" Have you applied the new makeup you got on your birthday ? "
va	PRES	Rex sticks with me without a word as we hurry down the hall to our platform .
va	PRES	" And if you tell her to stop hunting ? "
va	PRES	But my thoughts betrayed me and constantly drifted to Cohen .
va	PAST	It hummed once , and emitted a quick flash .
va	PRES	I tug at her hand .
va	PRES	With each movement of my arms , my muscles ache in protest and I wonder just how bad the bruises are getting .
va	PRES	Just beyond the house , a bare slope catches my attention .
va	PRES	Violent , desperate screams echoing in the air .
va	PAST	" Theirs , or the people who voted for them ? "
va	PRES	My heart rate spikes at the sight of him only inches away from me .
va	PAST	When she didn 't , he cursed himself silently .
va	PAST	His fingers immediately traveled across the sketch pad .
va	PAST	To distract himself , he scanned the temple to see what the others were doing .
va	PRES	Once we are back in the car , Dane pulls out his cell phone to call Mrs. Jones .
va	PRES	Your father betrayed his government and decided that the insurgency was more morally just than his own Emperor .
va	PAST	Newton buttoned his coat and threw his scarf over his shoulder .
va	PRES	" Or just lazy ? "
va	PRES	" I relinquished that power when you asked me to . "
va	PRES	Although it was likely to make Egwene very , very annoyed with her .
va	PAST	He smirked when my eyes narrowed .
va	PRES	Quinn squeezes my hand .
va	PRES	A plaque below the statue reads : ' Like so many sacrificed for the greater good , together we now stand . '
va	PAST	Yet each new Portals movie contained a whole new list of characters including the staple players who continued on from film to film .
va	PAST	We rounded a bend of drive and skirted a thick grove of trees before coming upon the little house on top of Bramwell Lake .
va	PRES	He moves in close , and I catch my breath .
va	PAST	And yet she gravitated toward it because she sensed that it was where she needed to be .
va	PRES	" Sounds like Alexis Garris , if you ask me .
va	PRES	Morgan shrugs , but she doesn 't leave .
va	PRES	" And you too , " Karen adds quickly .
va	PAST	Although he 'd been born in Ontario , his degree in Engineering from Queens University in Kingston assured him of numerous opportunities , in Canada and worldwide .
va	PAST	I suspected his reassurances were more for his own benefit than for mine .
va	PAST	Her hazel eyes registered shock .
va	PAST	I scrambled free of the hole , blushing furiously , dashing past the Librarians .
va	PRES	And taking too many risks .
va	PAST	" Nothing like that , " he assured me .
va	PRES	I verified the address against Ed 's business card and decided we were at the correct place .
va	PAST	I dipped my head back under the stream .
va	PRES	Doc rolls his eyes .
va	PAST	And Damon only smirked .
va	PAST	A lukewarm Coors bottle nestled under it .
va	PRES	" Staffan , lo -- " The look of recoil on Staffan 's face brought her back to consciousness - and reality .
va	PRES	" Yeah , " echoes others .
va	PRES	He catches me effortlessly , reels me around , and pins me against him .
va	PAST	Several of them linked together .
va	PAST	Brian contacted Karen without prior notice or approval from you . "
va	PAST	I switched it to silent mode and dropped it , not caring where it landed .
va	PRES	The Seeker tosses the Jasmine Hexagram a second time , and once again the Regulatory Element is noted .
va	PRES	" And the dollar signs , too . "
va	PAST	When it was necessary to send someone outside to trade for tools and other supplies , the village voted on it .
va	PAST	We assured each other that though our school days ended , our Friendship will sail in our oceans of life forever .
va	PRES	" Don 't , " Avery snarled , and in a flash his hands were there , forcing my jaw shut and locking it in place .
va	PRES	They treat me like an invalid here . "
va	PRES	A tiny splash of red wine stains the white tablecloth .
va	PAST	I scowled at the floor for a few moments .
va	PAST	The sea of bystanders parted , raged with hoots and applause .
va	PAST	I rather carefully probed at her mind , and what a chaos I found there !
va	PAST	My fingers dug into my palms .
va	PRES	I lave her gorgeous nipple , then suck it into my mouth .
va	PRES	He understands your shipment timetables and the difficulties in making such a rare product . "
va	PAST	Her stomach fluttered again .
va	PAST	Her dress swished around her ankles as she walked .
va	PRES	" Ah , yes , a very famous portal .
va	PAST	He embraced me with a bear hug and whispered in my ear that life was good and it was all my doing .
va	PRES	His arms reach around my waist , and now I 'm pressed against him , my dance moves grinding my hips into him .
va	PAST	One end flipped over the side of the basin , landing a corner in the water .
va	PAST	He dug in his pocket and handed Hector a wad of cash .
va	PAST	Brandy flipped the mirror over .
va	PRES	" Of course I do , " I assure him .
va	PAST	Her lip trembled as she looked at us .
va	PAST	This cheering thought elevated Colonel Viljoen .
va	PAST	Heading to the bag , I dug out the disposable phone and opened the package .
va	PRES	" Rhett Madison . "
va	PRES	He leaps to his friend , placing his mechanical palm over the hole , plugging the air jet .
va	PRES	It sends neutrals scuttling to the side of our enemies .
va	PAST	" Because the last time something happened that screwed up Dumont 's plans , he reacted .
va	PRES	They tend to use sex as a bit of relaxation after the heat of competition .
va	PRES	The familiar , horribly abrupt scream of one more Renaissance victim .
va	PRES	I swerve to avoid the man , and skid out of control and veer straight for a tree line .
va	PAST	His eyes darted from Aria to Ella .
va	PRES	It burns at me through the long night , all the guilt and failure .
va	PAST	" Yep , " he assured her .
va	PRES	" Just you , Bianca .
va	PRES	The darkness instantly transforming into the blackness of infinity .
va	PAST	Just barrels , " Charlie commented dryly when Radcliffe merely grunted at the question .
va	PRES	So I intend to build my factory right there , in Last Chance .
va	PAST	Pandora 's voice contained more than a hint of ridicule .
va	PAST	Below us , closer to the stage , the scientists and staffers wandered in , chatting with each other as they took their seats .
va	PAST	My gift applied only to inanimate objects .
va	PRES	And Manfred Bernardo realizes he 's moved to the right place .
va	PAST	She whirled around to face him .
va	PAST	A large , black cigar complemented his coffee .
va	PAST	He bends down and picks up a thin metallic disc about five inches in diameter .
va	PRES	Some of it intelligence related , some related to medicines and engineering .
va	PRES	Sorry to have bothered you , " he growls , the flash of black in his eyes unmistakable .
va	PAST	His black hair draped over his shoulders .
va	PRES	I reached up , hands trembling , and dug the rock out .
va	PRES	If you want to stay out of prison , I suggest you let me go before Rachel is raped .
va	PRES	" I can walk , you know , " she tells me , laughter in her blue eyes .
va	PRES	Who cares about dinner when I have so little time left with her ?
va	PAST	Sunny gently nudged her to one side to get a better look .
va	PRES	Brielle rolls her eyes then burst into laughter .
va	PRES	The air screams by my ears , cold and painful .
va	PAST	Hope 's fingernails dug into the skin of his chest as he gently grasped her hips .
va	PRES	" Well , he just moves so fast sometimes he forgets details that come back to haunt him .
va	PRES	Sound the trumpets ! "
va	PAST	Desperately , I scrambled to my feet , needing to get out of the way of the spell .
va	PAST	I poked at the toast .
va	PRES	Mother shrugs indifferently , and Sergei takes a seat beside me .
va	PRES	" May I inquire after Lady Westfield ? "
va	PRES	As I scream , Jonathan jumps inside of me and I know he is trying to pass through me because he cannot go through the gateway .
va	PRES	Jax pulls her back by the elbow .
va	PRES	" The John Doe .
va	PRES	SUVs , pickup trucks , even motorcycles .
va	PAST	He switched off the light .
va	PAST	A nervous giggle escaped and I tried to keep it under control .
va	PAST	I probed rather carefully with my thought , located his stomach , and carefully etched away the lining of the stomach wall near its bottom .
va	PAST	The howling increased as the light grew brighter .
va	PRES	" It reminds me of a place my father showed me .
va	PAST	So long as she didn 't allow him to own her she would be just fine , she assured herself .
va	PRES	" Hi , " she said , breathless from all her frenzied preparations to be ready on time .
va	PAST	Mina 's head darted quick as a snake , and the hound 's squeal cut out as Mina 's jaws clamped around its throat .
va	PAST	I thundered into her face .
va	PRES	" Holy pork chops ? "
va	PRES	He rests the flashlight on the end of the bed , and leaves the bedroom to give me privacy with my comatose sister .
va	PAST	Grant suspected , but he was never certain . "
va	PRES	" We owe you our gratitude . "
va	PAST	My men assured me they saw you safely home . "
va	PRES	" You decorated the house . "
va	PRES	Still , being different offers different opportunities , demands different responsibilities .
va	PRES	" Twelve minutes to go , Susan .
va	PRES	Then I blacked out .
va	PRES	" To Crown . "
va	PRES	Dad lying face down on the blood soaked rug drops me to my knees .
va	PRES	" Do not fear , " he mocked as her eyes widened .
va	PRES	" Miss Bennett ? "
va	PRES	" Tell me about this man , " Rhys breathed , his chest heaving .
va	PAST	A tiny quirk creased one corner of his extremely attractive mouth .
va	PAST	The officer sulked , but remained silent .
va	PAST	George wandered up the stairs and Dad came down .
va	PAST	Her telepathic powers sharpened and plunged forward like a stake through Lionel 's mind .
va	PAST	' You skinned her ? '
va	PAST	" We 're not that small-time , " Brazel complained .
va	PRES	" And that reminds me , how did you find my apartment the other night ? "
va	PRES	" Sibyl always acts strange . "
va	PAST	Excitement , anticipation , and a near painful need surged .
va	PAST	As his heels passed over the head of one of the helmeted hunters , Gray fired between his legs .
va	PRES	Pretty much any time that her and Liv and Matt were in the room together absent any of their other friends .
va	PRES	" Now that Maya ... " " Of course , of course , " said the woman , and she typed something into the screen .
va	PAST	Sunlight streamed through the window , but since it was simulated , she wasn 't sure what it meant , time-wise .
va	PAST	Corrado snatched them from him .
va	PAST	Julie shuddered at the thought of him , and Ethan assumed the place on the arm of the couch .
va	PAST	Skylar fired again , then once more .
va	PRES	Gage pulls me in , and I wait for everything to fade away and the room to transform , but nothing changes .
va	PAST	Dom fired a shot .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down my face silently .
va	PAST	Conor looked up , relief stamped on his face .
va	PRES	" Your relative who runs that antiques shop in Los Angeles ?
va	PRES	The moon shines on the puzzle , and the glitter on the table sparkles .
va	PAST	She patted my hand .
va	PRES	" None of them cares for Psyche .
va	PAST	Oh gods ... I staggered to my feet and rushed toward him , ignoring the weakness in my limbs .
va	PAST	Relief shuddered through her until she realized .
va	PAST	She shuddered at the indiscernible look in his eyes , but followed him anyway .
va	PRES	As I help her to the bottom , she bites at her bottom lip , stumbling back against the rocks , looking nervous as hell .
va	PAST	Besides , the scientist dived into scientific research after the sex room incident , and made great progress .
va	PRES	He treads lightly now .
va	PRES	He shuts his eyes and lets his head tip back .
va	PRES	A man and woman enter the glen , oblivious to the satyrs .
va	PAST	One of her knees registered as hot and uncomfortable .
va	PRES	" It ... isn 't that bad , " she managed , her voice almost soundless .
va	PAST	Out of the corner of my eye , I glimpse a silhouette on the other side of the overpass .
va	PAST	Pure , sweet , unadulterated relief that he was going to get to keep on breathing .
va	PAST	Ron suspected that it had run away and didn 't want to return .
va	PRES	I tuck my head under his chin and lie motionless .
va	PAST	Her twisting her wedding rings , talking of tuxedos and formalities and the most important day of a girl 's life .
va	PAST	Hart wandered to the bed he 'd abandoned months ago to move into Eleanor 's cozier bedchamber down the hall .
va	PAST	Heat radiated from his hand and I tried to pull away , but he held me firm .
va	PAST	Nick shuddered , suppressing a groan .
va	PRES	" Come on , dummy .
va	PAST	She moaned , and her long lashes finally fluttered open .
va	PAST	He yanked at the zipper on his robes and fought his way out of them .
va	PAST	About seven miles into the almost two-hour trip , Kat dozed off .
va	PAST	" My father cheated and left her .
va	PAST	It warmed her hands , clenched like a vise on the steering wheel .
va	PAST	Gannon 's mouth popped open and his lips flapped up and down but nothing came out .
va	PRES	Much to my surprise , Rusty stops , drops his hands to his sides and smiles at me .
va	PAST	The wall suddenly loomed , and her blood throbbed in her veins .
va	PAST	A small lamp in the foyer illuminated his eyes , hot and heavy and calculating .
va	PAST	I drifted off with the jungle growing denser around me .
va	PRES	" Wait , " Eddie yells as she circles to the front of us .
va	PAST	Grace winced at the pain she heard behind that simple request .
va	PAST	Someone rapped on the door and shouted .
va	PAST	A weak smile creased his lips .
va	PRES	She spit as she spoke .
va	PRES	But that selfish thought only lingers for a moment .
va	PRES	" No more drinks .
va	PRES	I halt in the middle of the room .
va	PRES	Fatherhood will as well , I suspect . "
va	PRES	" Sir Albion . "
va	PAST	That curiosity inside him swelled .
va	PRES	His eyes shift wildly .
va	PAST	Kylie flinched as the beast stood .
va	PAST	She poked her head into each , checking to make sure the urns of coffee and pitchers of iced water had been set up per her specifications .
va	PRES	" Sounds like a roller coaster .
va	PRES	Her eyes shift to Andrew .
va	PAST	He scanned the passenger seat beside him and realized he must have dropped his flashlight at the cemetery .
va	PRES	Connor scratched his head .
va	PRES	You owe her nothing .
va	PAST	The thought of being so fussy about her appearance amused her because it was so uncharacteristic of her .
va	PAST	Before they reached the beach , they rode upwards towards the plateau on which the castle sat .
va	PRES	" A bee ? "
va	PRES	Realm 's face drops , and he yanks out the pretzel and tosses down his cards .
va	PRES	Dread swells inside me , heavy as lead .
va	PRES	" What about spaghetti ? "
va	PAST	Cold fear sprinkled goose bumps over Phoebe 's arms .
va	PAST	She clapped her hands together .
va	PRES	Needing no command this time around , Rift leaps into the air , descending upon the helpless warrior with a heavy punch .
va	PRES	Because , of course , the moment you realise what the words mean , you realise that you are not a son of God .
va	PRES	He complains to me ... .
va	PAST	" You 've met before , I take it , " Steve commented snidely .
va	PRES	she spat , madder than hell at him for more reasons than one .
va	PAST	The hunter scrambled to move away , careful to avoid any drops of blood .
va	PAST	Sara 's eyes glinted .
va	PAST	" They guarded this gate with their lives since the dawn of man in these parts .
va	PRES	Kenji shoots him a sharp look .
va	PAST	is there by any chance , " I stalled , nervous .
va	PRES	A semi pulls into the parking lot .
va	PRES	" And all that unexplained energy ? "
va	PAST	He smirked over the young woman on his side .
va	PRES	" Fox hunting . "
va	PAST	" If I remember correctly , you delivered the message that brought me here . "
va	PAST	That wasn 't gunfire , " she sneered .
va	PAST	He shined his flashlight up the tunnel , saying , " We 'd better get moving .
va	PRES	Still serious enough to instill some fear in Tara 's heart , Gio said , " Try to take this well .
va	PAST	His power encompassed the cage as well , the heat of which melted the silver bars faster than it did the creature 's flesh .
va	PRES	My shoulder aches , but I ignore it and grab with both hands .
va	PAST	No one suspected a boat thief in the middle of the jungle .
va	PAST	Addy blushed to have gotten her mother 's name wrong but didn 't apologize .
va	PAST	The sound and headlights of a vehicle attracted her attention .
va	PAST	He scrambled for answers .
va	PRES	" To the library ? "
va	PRES	It shatters the chains around my wrists and finally I 'm free .
va	PRES	' ... convinced me to devote the rest of my short life to destroying what I helped create and helped thrive . '
va	PRES	On average , one in twenty or so people appeal to our hunger .
va	PAST	She patted Christophe 's thigh , but didn 't look him in the face .
va	PRES	' And what of my opinion ? '
va	PAST	She only moaned in response .
va	PRES	She hid behind a strong , brave facade , and it pissed me the hell off that Rock let her .
va	PRES	I grit my teeth to keep from losing my mind .
va	PAST	Cayman dipped his chin .
va	PRES	Now , wanting to be is another question in itself , " he responds .
va	PAST	He no longer popped in over the lunch hour to grab a bite or help out with the noon rush .
va	PRES	" Eyes on the road , princess . "
va	PRES	" Just the British Empire . "
va	PRES	" We prefer to be called Master Weavers .
va	PAST	I don ´ t think he knows what happened , the Library of Souls Azrael .
va	PAST	The few COC friends in whom I felt comfortable enough to confide all assured me that it was a sign from God .
va	PRES	" Well , that settles it then .
va	PAST	Her eyes raked Sally with blistering scorn .
va	PRES	Her lower lip trembles as if she 's too worked up to tell me .
va	PRES	He spat blood out at me and I held his arms down .
va	PAST	" You volunteering ? "
va	PRES	At the sound of his voice , goose bumps raise on my arms .
va	PRES	When I get back , I suggest you do the same . "
va	PAST	He mashed the pedal harder into the floorboard feeling the truck skate across the hardscrabble of the desert as the truck flew beside the highway .
va	PAST	She splashed through it without letting herself think what might be swimming in it .
va	PAST	As far as I could tell , it draped from her shoulders to her ankles .
va	PRES	" The nurse too ? "
va	PAST	Jezebel winced , swishing her mists into figure eights , but she didn 't argue back .
va	PAST	I darted back into the shadows and stared wide-eyed at the opposite wall .
va	PAST	I concentrated on stirring .
va	PRES	" Yes , sir , " the aide responds .
va	PRES	I suggest that you - " " Try on your glasses ? "
va	PAST	Heck , I escaped my last apartment so I didn 't have to be surrounded by marital bliss .
va	PRES	If you are in my arms , nothing else matters . "
va	PAST	Nurse Winter reacted first .
va	PAST	Swallowing , I paced and debated my next move .
va	PRES	" Get away from here , " she spits at Miya .
va	PAST	You almost blinded one of my workers .
va	PAST	He hushed me before I could thank him again .
va	PRES	Although Paul had found a helpful use of his , courtesy of compass app .
va	PRES	You 're pregnant , " he growls then looks at Chloe , who I have pulled into my lap .
va	PRES	He runs a hand through his hair .
va	PRES	The woman pats Storm .
va	PRES	With each song that Cole plays the beat picks up .
va	PRES	" Who cares if it 's tacky if it tastes good ? "
va	PAST	He embraced me ( I bit my lip not to scream when his arm touched the wound ) and went away .
va	PRES	They treat me like I 'm sick .
va	PAST	Sophia shuddered in bliss , convulsing around him as he gave one more thrust and cried out with the violent pleasure of his own release .
va	PAST	Einstein growled at sight of him , his teeth bared , his nose quivering at the window I 'd left cracked in the backseat .
va	PRES	When he is intent on finding another pair of pajamas , I quickly wriggle out of my jeans and tug on the pj bottoms .
va	PAST	She moaned and squirmed beneath me , begging for more .
va	PAST	Mallory asked , face scrunched with the question .
va	PAST	Chelsea fixed him with a serious gaze .
va	PRES	After about ten minutes , if no one comes , she repeats the exercise .
va	PAST	A shadow drifted across his face , but he shook our hands .
va	PAST	The journalist whirled around .
va	PAST	Glancing at the black-haired boys on either side of her , she nudged them with her elbows .
va	PAST	Domino thrusts his head away , sickened by his own words .
va	PRES	Envy reared its head , forcing me to look away .
va	PRES	" She kind of reminds me of Jace when he was little , and stubborn , and acted like he was immortal . "
va	PRES	" Listen to me , Hannah .
va	PAST	She moaned to herself , troubling over her black eyelet sweater .
va	PAST	A strangled sound escaped Costas 's lips .
va	PAST	Whatever goods local Indians got from us , they quickly traded to more distant Indians at a great profit .
va	PRES	I manage to yell back .
va	PRES	The dirt road ends here .
va	PRES	" Drive , drive in your nails , o ye waves .
va	PAST	She sidestepped away from him , anxious to put as much distance between herself and the sexy snake as possible .
va	PRES	Feeling bold , I nudge her with my elbow which makes her glance up at me in shock .
va	PRES	When he steps back , he pats my shoulder .
va	PRES	How long until he breaks and we lose him entirely ?
va	PRES	She fastened her teeth harder into him and began to suck while great , wracking shudders enveloped her body .
va	PRES	" He greatly regrets the fall you 've taken .
va	PRES	I better hustle inside .
va	PRES	Dean picks up his drumsticks and places them into a large duffel bag .
va	PAST	I stamped my foot on the carpeted floor .
va	PRES	Madeline and Charlotte shift uncomfortably .
va	PAST	I jotted down Darby 's number .
va	PRES	An energy imprint that was related to what he 'd found in Emily 's mind .
va	PRES	I hunt to eat -- not for sport like many vamps .
va	PAST	I whirled around , almost dropping the can of Coke .
va	PRES	" I intend to find out .
va	PAST	Danika lumbered to her feet , legs nearly giving out .
va	PRES	I require ten percent , cash or cashier 's check only , and then I 'll start the process of getting her released . "
va	PRES	Unless I know what I owe him in return .
va	PAST	" He 's okay , " Derek assured him first .
va	PRES	" Lot of footprints in the dust . "
va	PRES	This mailbox is ... full . "
va	PRES	It pulls you in . "
va	PAST	Shaking the thought off , she dipped her fingers into the bowl of whipped cream , then brought them to his lips .
va	PRES	I presume they got back to Earth all right .
va	PAST	A green bud popped at me , and clung onto my nose .
va	PAST	A female Stephan Hawking informed listeners to leave a message .
va	PAST	She switched over to her CD collection and smiled when a familiar song came on .
va	PAST	When she glanced up from the cash register , her eyes darted to the left side of his face .
va	PAST	She bristled at his tone and thunder rumbled , shaking the house .
va	PAST	A hand grazed Gray 's cheek .
va	PAST	Maybe with time ... " Monk appreciated the offer of hope , but he knew the truth .
va	PAST	His heart lurched in his chest at the words she spoke , and the feeling behind them .
va	PRES	Jacob 's eyes shift to her before returning to me .
va	PAST	She gaped , unblinking , bearing silent witness .
va	PAST	I still haven 't showered .
va	PRES	" Any leads ? "
va	PAST	In the next moment , she 'd scrambled off him .
va	PRES	The beast growls and shakes me violently .
va	PRES	Nothing pleases me more .
va	PRES	" If it shuts down , the door locks release .
va	PRES	Then he signs and stamps it with a blue ink seal .
va	PAST	Reaching up , she clawed at the gap where she had left the window ajar .
va	PAST	He whimpered as the tears mixed with the blood on his face .
va	PAST	" Can I come in or are you going to make us get our hands stamped first ? "
va	PRES	" Julia , " he whispered , tugging her closer , so she could tuck her face in the crook of his neck .
va	PRES	They seek justice when it doesn 't occur within the boundaries of our ineffective legal system . "
va	PAST	Together , he and Romulus yanked .
va	PAST	" Dean invited us to go sailing on Saturday . "
va	PRES	That narrows things considerably , so I think we should prepare for both possibilities . '
va	PAST	Your great-grandfather and I discussed this yesterday .
va	PRES	She wipes at her eyes with a wad of toilet paper .
va	PRES	Because he 'd been too much of a selfish jerk to look .
va	PRES	" Spread through bites .
va	PAST	You " ll all die , " Rhea assured and raised her wand .
va	PRES	Will shuts the door behind him and goes to his desk and sets a stack of papers down .
va	PRES	A man servant runs by holding a painting .
va	PRES	Those battery packs that power the time device ? "
va	PRES	My boyfriend playfully bites my arm , which smells of sweat and berry lotion .
va	PRES	I stretch my arms out .
va	PAST	Pappy inspected it for a moment as if he might see it rise .
va	PRES	Emma moves toward me .
va	PAST	They rode through the thriving city .
va	PRES	My h * ps bucked involuntarily and my hand grasped Dale 's c * ck so hard the head was almost purple .
va	PAST	But as soon as she felt it , Mom escorted us into the dining room and had us sit down .
va	PRES	He nearly spit as he said the last word .
va	PRES	His leaving proves he had .
va	PAST	Some of the Titans grumbled .
va	PRES	After she experienced the most intimate of acts and knew how it felt to be joined with someone .
va	PAST	I rounded the corner , moving into the sitting room and toward a group of framed papers on the wall .
va	PRES	And that terrified me .
va	PAST	Ali 's stomach flipped .
va	PAST	His blood pumped through him in a strange rhythm .
va	PAST	After he finished talking , the only thing that could do the ominous revelations justice descended on their quintet .
va	PRES	" Tried to , " repeats Amar .
va	PAST	Your grandparents must have dug this sometime in the last six years . "
va	PAST	T-Rex 's cheeks sported reddish-brown bristles , and his tight black T-shirt revealed that he 'd shaved his chest .
va	PAST	Those freaky , glassy-eyed stares also creeped me out .
va	PRES	A nurse 's face blurs in front of me .
va	PRES	He reminds me of a lost little boy , and for a second I want to hold him and tell him it will all be okay .
va	PAST	Her distaste for her own lyrics bled over to people who thought they could play instruments .
va	PAST	But her guard yanked her back , his hand lingering over her left breast , which was tender and swollen .
va	PAST	Paris 's eyelids popped open .
va	PAST	Mischief sparkled in his light brown eyes .
va	PAST	The gradual thaw of the distant breath of warm air restored life in trees while softening the ground .
va	PRES	He narrows his eyes on me .
va	PAST	She dipped a dented beaker into the water and drank deeply .
va	PAST	Something in his words sparked the memory .
va	PAST	The old-fashioned glasses magnified her dark , teary eyes .
va	PRES	It vibrates strongly with the force .
va	PAST	He winced a few times till she softly grabbed his hand and squeezed .
va	PAST	With nervous hands she tore the top of the envelope open and lifted the many pages out .
va	PAST	He grumbled at her , but not nearly as loudly as he had in the past .
va	PRES	She catches her breath and puts her hand over her heaving chest .
va	PRES	Pete jumps when my dad slams through the pool gate .
va	PRES	You don 't speak to a duchess without her permission , you ignorant woman .
va	PAST	He veered away from that subject , too .
va	PAST	I sprinted through the house yelling for the men , but they 'd heard the door slam and were coming from the backyard .
va	PRES	Ava jumps down from the chair and runs into the hallway .
va	PAST	His voice alone nearly tore him asunder .
va	PAST	A small waterfall glistened starkly in the torchlight , the cascade washing down squarely upon the narrow ridge .
va	PRES	" A lot has happened this year , " Willem tells her .
va	PRES	" Just a typical Friday night , huh ? "
va	PAST	He assured them he would be back as soon as he could and continued along the trail .
va	PRES	My best friend believes in me .
va	PRES	" We 'll talk after Star 's race tomorrow , " Jack tells me .
va	PRES	" Did you rob them , too ? "
va	PRES	Pride swells inside me .
va	PAST	They edged me forward .
va	PAST	I scanned back to before the concert , before the events that lead to Anna 's many deaths .
va	PAST	Colin 's denial evaporated when he realized that his brother was right .
va	PRES	" Nobody cares , Jane .
va	PAST	She winked conspicuously at her son .
va	PAST	David complained about how Lily 's mother seemed to feel the right to pop by without warning any day of the week .
va	PRES	Ahead , a tall levy hid the canal 's waterway .
va	PRES	A pucker forms at his brow as he reads the words on the screen again .
va	PAST	He sauntered over to the bed in a way only Daemon could without looking like a complete douche .
va	PAST	The spell must have occupied all their attention .
va	PAST	" We discussed it at length .
va	PRES	" A messenger ? "
va	PRES	I jog past the mud pile where the farmhands burn manure and make it into fertilizer .
va	PAST	Warmth flooded her , and she wondered if that was what Julian had looked like with his own children .
va	PAST	" I do not wish to stay where I am not wanted , " she expressed simply .
va	PRES	Come , will you not let us enter ? '
va	PRES	" But great , huh ? "
va	PRES	I rub at eyes gone tired and gritty .
va	PAST	But it never lasted long , and he was just so tired ... but his mind wouldn 't stop working .
va	PRES	The words barely audible as my breath came in gasps .
va	PRES	The female officer tilted her head and asked .
va	PAST	Elizabeth maintained several bank accounts that she kept a secret from Veronica .
va	PAST	To the Pope 's horror , the voice of the Lord granted the request , challenging the Devil to win the souls of man if he could .
va	PAST	" Our man in Harare , Group Captain Bowman , did more than Jarvis ever did , as I 've said before , " grumbled Watkins .
va	PAST	Jim always flinched when he saw these .
va	PRES	" We wouldn 't give you any , " the blond kid bitterly responds .
va	PAST	I blushed , thankful that the security lights were not right on me , so maybe he wouldn 't notice .
va	PRES	If her momentary collapse had shaken him , her valiant effort to regroup humbled him .
va	PAST	A sharp high laugh escaped my lips and then a snort .
va	PRES	" It did what we wanted when we linked before , " Grubbs protests .
va	PAST	My hug lasted a little longer , had a little tighter squeeze at the end .
va	PRES	And why these dark deeds ? '
va	PRES	It resembles my old home a little too closely for comfort .
va	PAST	He smirked a little and added , " Son . "
va	PRES	Of course instinct tells me that 's not true .
va	PAST	" Right , " he grumbled .
va	PRES	" My friend , Dexter ... " " Dr. Murphy ? "
va	PAST	The light illuminated a sheer granite face and a shine of still black water below .
va	PRES	The hair he licked was as black , her petals wet with her honey .
va	PRES	" And neither wil you , is that it ? "
va	PAST	The dark side reeled him in and he no longer bothered trying to resist .
va	PRES	That tape . " '
va	PRES	" Pretty necklace , " he growls , his eyes flashing with recognition .
va	PAST	She patted the seat beside her on the couch , and he sat down .
va	PRES	" Someone betrayed the regiment .
va	PAST	Abbas 's men bristled , but held off their attack .
va	PAST	I scanned the ocean searching for any indications of danger .
va	PAST	I cooked - " Sudden comprehension hit her .
va	PAST	Lateral creases in his cheeks invited comparisons to a shark 's gills , though the effect was far more subtle .
va	PRES	' Separate beds ... ' John 's voice trailed off into a mumble .
va	PAST	I wrote her name on the outside and headed out of the building .
va	PAST	Ian nudged me and told me it was time for combat lessons .
va	PRES	No matter how inconvenient for you . "
va	PAST	I flipped through the racks with renewed interest .
va	PAST	The inventor assessed the situation .
va	PRES	" Or hotter , " Emma slips , however , it goes unnoticed .
va	PRES	Well , the nearest Regan church .
va	PRES	You actually intend to try to pass that countrified chit off on Society as a young lady of breeding and culture . "
va	PAST	We quickened our pace and gathered any supplies we could find .
va	PRES	He believes you 're a prisoner here .
va	PRES	" Well , then , that settles it . "
va	PAST	" It is the right thing , " Dominic assured in a low voice as he gripped his prince 's forearms .
va	PRES	Lennox growls , and with a sword in each hand , he runs toward the bridge .
va	PAST	5 THE CHANGING OF THE GUARD At lunchtime on Monday , Hanna sauntered down the arts hall toward her advanced fabrics classroom .
va	PRES	I raise my eyebrows .
va	PAST	All eyes clapped on Emma and Sutton 's friends .
va	PAST	His gaze wandered to Linda .
va	PAST	Jacob patted my back .
va	PRES	" Yes , " he responds .
va	PRES	The king seeks solitude for his counsels .
va	PRES	My back bows up into him as I relish the feel of his tongue on mine .
va	PRES	I wheeled and met a third man , deflected his blow and swept my blade across his midriff , sending him to the dirt .
va	PRES	" Those sentences . "
va	PAST	" I liked the movie , " Selena commented .
va	PRES	" I owe it to him . "
va	PRES	Nothing terrified me , but the feelings that Shane spoke of did concern me .
va	PAST	The rest of the women snickered and Sophie rolled her eyes .
va	PRES	One of the Amity grabs me by the arms and half lifts , half pulls me away from Peter .
va	PRES	' The magician ... ? '
va	PRES	" And something tells me you want those days . "
va	PAST	" I think I 'd better take you home , " he commented once they were outside the theater .
va	PAST	Defeat escaped in her sharp sigh .
va	PAST	Her temples throbbed in a steady , pounding rhythm .
va	PAST	Daemon remained , his hands in his coat pockets , doing nothing but staring at the people huddled together .
va	PAST	Panic clawed its way up my throat , but I knew if I caved to it , that would be the end .
va	PAST	Jim fired a shot into the air for emphasis .
va	PAST	A faint sound in the distance distracted her , and she realized it was her phone .
va	PAST	We 'd drawn the attention of the crowd , and people were shuffling closer , their interest piqued by the prospect of a cat fight .
va	PRES	Before he starts the engine , he pulls out the photo from his pocket and looks at it .
va	PRES	" Because we are similar creatures .
va	PAST	she spat and skipped to the oversized couch , where she plunged over the back and settled face-down just within reach of the remote .
va	PAST	Haddington patted him on the shoulder .
va	PRES	She gestures towards the window .
va	PAST	But seeing the grins on the kids ' faces planted an idea in his mind .
va	PRES	Ariel finally wakes up when the android leaves and we gather around the fallen Arc ´ s body .
va	PRES	' Yeah , a crap one .
va	PAST	I wrote that last one the night before I met her at the bowling alley .
va	PAST	I clamped my mouth shut .
va	PAST	Her eyes briefly darted up ... up to where I knew a woman was hiding - and with this being daylight - no doubt sleeping .
va	PRES	she demands harshly , all traces of the momentary softness gone .
va	PRES	Aren ´ t you supposed to be getting over a hangover or something ? "
va	PAST	Raging winds threatened to send high waves even further inland .
va	PRES	After one of their window shatters from the whip , she retreats inside the vehicle .
va	PRES	Can you sue ? "
va	PAST	Cold fury bubbled in the Undertaker Man 's eyes .
va	PRES	And that includes horse auctions in Florida . "
va	PRES	My hands raise of their own volition , and I touch my lips with my fingers .
va	PRES	' Why you always teased and embarrassed my little sister , huh ? '
va	PAST	" At least I took reasonable shots , " she complained .
va	PRES	" A pleasure to meet you , Slade .
va	PRES	I struggle to keep it together .
va	PAST	He wiggled his eyebrows suggestively .
va	PRES	The tree burns red hot , crackling loudly , as charred embers fill their nostrils .
va	PAST	Disconnected from the music and crowds , he wandered the streets aimlessly , like a ghost drifting through a world in which he no longer belonged .
va	PAST	In many ways , Cal resembled someone like me .
va	PAST	So I stall , hoping and believing that the less time Customs has with both passports , the luckier I might get .
va	PRES	" What about Presley ? "
va	PRES	It spins around and sniffs at the door .
va	PAST	The asphalt road veered off and dwindled into gravel after about half a mile -- surely he would have remembered that .
va	PRES	Our lips met , tongues playing , while his arms went around me , holding me close .
va	PAST	They carefully arranged their log drums in a circle back away from the fire pit .
va	PAST	She trembled as she put one foot before the other .
va	PRES	Finn shrugs and stands on the lowest rung of the fence .
va	PRES	I raise my hands , let them fall into my lap .
va	PAST	She wandered around the empty apartment , making sure she hadn 't forgotten anything .
va	PRES	" Anyway , so she ends up spending the night with this lug .
va	PRES	Why release my soul ?
va	PRES	She understands things that you 'll never understand .
va	PRES	" It no longer matters . "
va	PAST	Then she straightened up , smoothing her blue patterned skirt over her knees .
va	PAST	The first rays of dawn glistened on the southern peaks .
va	PRES	" What tale ? "
va	PRES	Within five steps , his features shift again and an emotion that I cannot quite determine flits across his face before it turns to stone once more .
va	PRES	Didn 't expect company , " the boy yells up at us .
va	PAST	The young lady 's eyes fluttered open , and she passed a glance at her companion .
va	PAST	Somehow you sparked her memory .
va	PRES	Bradshaw responds , " He did run a field test ... the Asian carp in Chicago . "
va	PRES	" The bird ! "
va	PAST	My heart lurched in my chest -- there was that word again .
va	PAST	This dignitary sang a short song in accompanied by drum , double bass and four guitars .
va	PRES	" She speaks . "
va	PRES	She moves closer to examine it .
va	PAST	I hired someone to look into your past .
va	PAST	My body shuddered as he removed his fingers from me and licked the juices off .
va	PAST	Blood spurted out of Vad onto Anton who was below him .
va	PAST	" Simon invited me to Sam 's party tomorrow . "
va	PAST	Kathleen bristled even though she wasn 't in the least surprised .
va	PRES	" I lo . .
va	PRES	And I suggest you get the hell out before it does . "
va	PAST	Drapes parted in a window at the far end of the house .
va	PAST	Mad Dog winced and glanced toward the wide stairway .
va	PAST	I whimpered as the fabric grazed my abused skin .
va	PRES	Forgetting that Marlena still looks like me , I gasp as I meet her eyes .
va	PRES	" I hate them , " she spat .
va	PAST	I staggered to my feet in surprise .
va	PAST	He lunged forward , grabbed her , and dragged her into the room .
va	PRES	Neither of us moves .
va	PAST	He lurched back , but she kept on coming .
va	PAST	Indigo clouds of smoke billowed from the cracks in the door .
va	PRES	He ignores her and slings his arm around my shoulder .
va	PAST	He ducked and whirled around as a piece of metal pipe missed his head by inches and smashed the window .
va	PRES	I squeeze him tighter and press his head against my chest .
va	PRES	" Samuel , it 's me , Alfred . "
va	PRES	" Myth -- they -- they ... It hurts ! "
va	PAST	My mind drifted to the medallion .
va	PAST	She patted Gabe 's open seat .
va	PRES	" And this , after being in jail all of thirty-six hours !
va	PAST	Bony fingers latched onto the front of her shirt and yanked her through the splintered wood of the closet door .
va	PRES	" Adam is here , " yells a girl on her board .
va	PAST	She arched a brow at him .
va	PRES	Now he nudges me .
va	PRES	" The princess speaks the truth .
va	PRES	He ignores me , but suddenly he beams and pulls something from the wreckage .
va	PRES	" A process server .
va	PAST	He and Drew never discussed it ?
va	PRES	He drags her into the hallway .
va	PRES	Brandi bows her head .
va	PAST	With the other , he dug about in the bags for something to cover her with , since her camisole no longer properly managed the job .
va	PRES	He demands , coming closer .
va	PAST	My body trembled from the aftermath of shock and adrenaline .
va	PRES	Traveling around the world does tend to make a person happy for the small things in life .
va	PAST	Her pulse rate instantly quickened when she heard the door to the suite being opened .
va	PAST	Riddick tore his shiv from Jules ' side and strode over to Fink .
va	PAST	Seizing his torch from him , Ruben attached it to his belt and threw his foot into the man 's face .
va	PRES	The very thrill of power that drives the wars demands that the race endures .
va	PRES	She types of bills of sale , and keeps track of breeding stock .
va	PRES	Dad heaves a sigh .
va	PRES	Chapter Eleven " Wait there , " Dax orders the guard .
va	PRES	Robin licks her lips and takes a deep breath .
va	PAST	The finger belonged to one of the customer 's friends , a finger he had lost in an industrial accident .
va	PAST	I met her halfway , brow arched in inquiry .
va	PAST	It jarred the man loose .
va	PRES	Taylor pulls the SUV into the driveway , while Matthew parks the CDC truck closer to the family graveyard .
va	PAST	Her face flushed just thinking about it .
va	PAST	Collecting myself , I launched into the article . "
va	PAST	The four horses trudged along the muddy road , riders huddled beneath their cloaks , shoulders hunched against the wind .
va	PAST	He rounded the far corner , Mary Ann close to his heels .
va	PAST	prompted the secretary , extending the goblet towards the heir , " immortality ? "
va	PAST	" Can 't see a bat doing that , " he snickered .
va	PRES	She pulls her arm around me .
va	PRES	" How about ethical ? "
va	PRES	Elena carefully copied the solution down and closed her exercise book happily .
va	PAST	Chapter 33 Surprise endings I stood in front of the hotel watching the LNA leave .
va	PRES	And so she continued to rub his ears , stroke his face , run a hand along his fleecy white belly .
va	PAST	Dave grimaced and feared the worst until Joe started laughing and let him know he was only kidding .
va	PRES	He drops his hand .
va	PRES	And then he slips out of bed in the morning to go brood on the roof .
va	PAST	We crashed through the guardrail , and I couldn 't open the back door . "
va	PAST	His hand gently molded the curve of her breast , and she gasped against his lips .
va	PRES	He believes in this , thought Reggie , and that convinced him .
va	PRES	Lennox tells the others where he wants them , and he says that he will guard me .
va	PAST	He informed her from that point on ; Alexander would be out of the picture .
va	PRES	Do maids not have brains ? "
va	PAST	My answer satisfied him and apparently took the sting out of my temporary defection .
va	PRES	Hmm , his voice blankets me ... I feel so warm , so safe , and he smells familiar .
va	PAST	Amy vowed to remain awake until she could figure out what was happening and what she needed to do about it .
va	PRES	His breath catches in his throat , his eyes glued to the ceiling as he struggles with something internally .
va	PAST	I then popped some popcorn and we settled on the couch to watch one of my DVDs .
va	PAST	Flames erupted from the sides of two of the aircraft .
va	PRES	He paints in oil , which is always so rich .
va	PRES	He circles my clit , flicks at it , before sucking for one second , two .
va	PRES	She swims toward the mainland , keeping far away from the shoal so the current won 't pull her onto the rocks .
va	PAST	She paced the carpet in short , choppy steps , her newly liberated anger growing with each stride .
va	PAST	" If any of them looked , " Ramirez drawled .
va	PAST	Deuce hummed in response .
va	PAST	I don ´ t think he can move at all .
va	PAST	Ward cursed , and then pulled on the reins to force the steeds to make a hard left turn .
va	PRES	" I 'm sure it was a miracle , " Valerie whispered , hardly able to speak .
va	PRES	He lifts his arm , a jacket and a plain black backpack dangling from his fingertips .
va	PAST	The fire inside me cooled .
va	PAST	Storm clouds rode in his eyes , but they had slowed , so that it was no longer dizzying .
va	PAST	Fighting a grin , I straightened back up .
va	PAST	Later that week she attached the report , photographs and immigration findings in her weekly email to George .
va	PAST	I pried the brick loose , set it aside , and peered out the small , narrow opening .
va	PRES	Chapter Twenty-four " Is he okay ? "
va	PAST	At the end , she wrote out the instructions .
va	PAST	Jacob interjected , impatient .
va	PRES	St. Clair props the broom against the wall .
va	PRES	What an arrogant , conceited , monumentally irritating jerk !
va	PAST	" Come in , " he croaked sleepily .
va	PAST	Thus I traveled toward the ford alone .
va	PAST	I tore my eyes away from her and shrugged .
va	PAST	She invited them in and went to get Dad from his library .
va	PRES	I intend other volumes in this series .
va	PRES	His face hardened and he looked down .
va	PAST	The spy at the camp winced as he was injected in the arm .
va	PAST	Surreal scurried to her own room and looked around again .
va	PAST	He darted to the left flank of the Cane and charged , driving his spear home between the Cane 's ribs .
va	PAST	Xavier 's heart raced .
va	PRES	You began with that question , I apply it to the history of our people .
va	PRES	I manage to say .
va	PRES	... In fact , Dan ... I 'm not sure he so much as said my name as I heard it in my head . "
va	PRES	And they contend that the information was gained during entrapment . "
va	PAST	Her next breath shuddered as it went into her lungs .
va	PRES	Emerson 's fingers tighten around mine , his body rippling with fury .
va	PAST	" They should stay in for at least another week , " Bishop informed him .
va	PAST	Mr. Melamed winced , too stunned to say a word .
va	PAST	I gently grazed one finger along the underside , and he thrust hard .
va	PRES	Stick with that fucking axe until Ethan says different . "
va	PAST	It tumbled past the lone leaf just before another blast ripped the leaf away , lifting it skyward .
va	PAST	She all but sprinted to the door .
va	PRES	I raise my eyebrows and shrug as if I have no idea what he 's so pissed about .
va	PAST	The three G5 guys sang along together with Mac , harmonizing at the right spots , just like they sang it back in the dorm in Seoul .
va	PAST	His eyes drifted past mine to just over my shoulder , and his smoldering eyes turned to horror .
va	PRES	" Sounds good to me .
va	PRES	" Based on progress , we assign . "
va	PRES	" Big customer . "
va	PRES	Her skin and hair regain its color .
va	PRES	My gut tells me she was going to say something else , but it doesn 't matter .
va	PAST	I straightened my shoulders , determination working through me .
va	PRES	" I prefer the sound of my own name .
va	PAST	That spared him the inconvenience of killing her and taking the bitch 's mangled body back to her family .
va	PAST	The tears trickled out down my cheeks .
va	PAST	His cryptic words sailed over my head and I couldn 't help but stare at him , confused .
va	PAST	I dipped my chin , pursed my lips , and grinned at her .
va	PRES	Toxicology reports confirm that you were intoxicated when you decided to get behind the wheel of a car .
va	PRES	" I owe you one . "
va	PAST	He ducked his head inside with a finger over his mouth .
va	PRES	" You must think I am an amateur , " he mocked .
va	PAST	He clearly bristled at her question .
va	PAST	She wrote that Phil was enjoying his new coaching job , and that they were planning a second honeymoon trip to Disney World .
va	PRES	Fiona spat out some water .
va	PRES	The bus driver impatiently instructs the old woman to step behind the yellow line .
va	PAST	" You 're a sick bastard , " I spat out , feeling utterly violated and vulnerable .
va	PRES	This technique does not just repress memories , it wipes the soul clean .
va	PAST	I suspected I knew the source of his sadness .
va	PRES	He tucks a section of my hair behind my ear and then kisses my jawline .
va	PAST	Jared yanked on my skirt , pulling me into the cab of the truck .
va	PRES	And one who is going to be a famous engineer . '
va	PAST	I grumbled , grabbing her around the waist and pulling her towards me .
va	PAST	She scowled at him , but there was laughter in her eyes .
va	PRES	Oh , and yes , by golly , you dated it .
va	PAST	The hairs on the back of Cassie 's neck stood up , a chill raced down her spine .
va	PAST	When evening came Dillon rode a horse to find the slaves homes .
va	PAST	Charlotte fluttered the invitation in her hand .
va	PRES	" So , Victor , how have you been lately ?
va	PRES	Then I annoy me because his question shouldn 't bother me at all .
va	PAST	Going into the bathroom , she splashed cold water on her face , then took a couple of aspirin .
va	PRES	No wonder Face had to trust him .
va	PRES	Ethan speaks over me , and it gets my back up all over again .
va	PRES	Life ends , and there 's death , waiting .
va	PAST	I retrieved my swimming trunks , laid them on the bed , and then walked over to the dresser and took off my shirt .
va	PRES	It also provides a longer duration than that unpleasant apparatus . "
va	PRES	My chest heaves , bare and exposed , as my lungs strain for air .
va	PRES	" Like send balloons up to her ?
va	PRES	To my shame , excitement instead of horror wells up in my chest , and my fingertips tingle .
va	PRES	I spat , my words sounding too harsh even for me .
va	PAST	She clamped her hands over his fingers , her voice strained and rushed as she tried to plead for time .
va	PRES	He pulls back from me .
va	PRES	A little hum of pleasure escapes her when I nuzzle her cheek with my nose , then press my lips against her cheek .
va	PRES	" Not if you value your sight " , said Coral .
va	PRES	We depend on him and Nathan to keep us safe while we sleep . "
va	PRES	It simply proves that it 's not like anything we 've ever seen on earth . "
va	PRES	He gently wipes my tears and studies my face .
va	PAST	Hundreds of small candles illuminated the room with tiny flickering lights .
va	PRES	While he 's gone she examines the contents of the jars .
va	PRES	My blood boils just thinking about it , so I change the subject .
va	PAST	Something sparked in her eyes , but it was gone before he could identify it .
va	PRES	My mouth meets with hers again as I pour my affection over her in one blissful exchange .
va	PRES	" All right , but I intend to earn my keep , you know . "
va	PRES	Without warning , two of the spiders spit a viscous black liquid at them .
va	PRES	He bites me on that sensitive spot between my shoulder and neck and I want to die .
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PRES	The sensation shoots through him in a crippling wave that takes his breath away .
va	PAST	The captain grimaced at the image .
va	PRES	" Dan scratched her .
va	PRES	I suggest the three of you work on a story to explain this to Rebecca . "
va	PRES	Her voice trembles when she sighs .
va	PAST	Sunlight sparkled off of the river like diamonds .
va	PRES	I examine my nails , pretending to be blase .
va	PAST	A waiter popped through the paper screen .
va	PAST	Her eyes fluttered but the light was too bright .
va	PAST	Then he crammed his hands in his pockets and ambled to the long oak bar .
va	PRES	" With your c * ck as hard as a poker ? "
va	PRES	" I du n no .
va	PAST	Lucien because he could be a jerk but I suspected he was a gentleman .
va	PAST	Without another word , Nora bends over me , yanking the elastic band of my shorts down .
va	PAST	Still the conversational jolt jarred her in the middle of such an intense moment .
va	PRES	If that will convince you . "
va	PRES	Dad pats the horse 's neck then walks over to us .
va	PAST	I telephoned the Vallejo Street Police Station and asked for Milner .
va	PRES	He slaps his hand on the table and the silverware jumps .
va	PRES	" The nurse and the English patient . "
va	PRES	I enter the garage .
va	PAST	His gaze drifted from me to the toilet right behind me .
va	PAST	Putting his face up to the thick wire mesh , he scanned the cavernous space , searching for Christian .
va	PAST	" Stephanie invited me .
va	PAST	And while I 'm inclined to tell you that he got it wrong , I wonder ... " " Wonder what ? "
va	PRES	The scrubby pines behind the service area sloped down to a boggy area that stank of plant and animal decomposition .
va	PAST	Instead he ushered in a young girl .
va	PRES	Ben may not be lying , he believes it 's true , but who knows ?
va	PAST	Her son dutifully arranged the blankets around her , giving her a worried look before he slipped out of her bedroom .
va	PRES	" Young Nate Dawson ?
va	PRES	A fish breaks the surface in an echoing snap , swallowing a small fly .
va	PRES	" Ok , but Jake , you owe me big for this . "
va	PRES	My mouth is so dry , my tongue sticks to the roof .
va	PAST	A sizzling warmth suffused her .
va	PRES	He leads me towards the front door .
va	PRES	My honor demands a certain code of behavior .
va	PRES	He bled ... a lot . "
va	PAST	It unnerved her to be in the same room with him , the world closed out , but not because he watched her with his assessing stare .
va	PAST	Five minutes later , he braked the car harshly and made a quick turn onto the dirt road .
va	PAST	He blows out a cloud of smoke as he takes the cigarette out of his mouth .
va	PAST	I snorted because it was freaking ridiculous .
va	PRES	Off you go now . "
va	PRES	" Call me Jacques , please , " he responds .
va	PRES	I don 't know actually , " Blake responds .
va	PRES	In addition to his popular Raja Williams mystery series , Jack writes science fiction , political thrillers , paranormal romance , children 's stories and fairy tales .
va	PAST	They both moaned at the sensation .
va	PRES	Instead , he grit his teeth and glared at her with as much hatred as he could summon .
va	PAST	Neither reacted , so he didn 't wait for an answer .
va	PAST	" I 'm not like the others , " I proclaimed .
va	PRES	Ryland 's body hardened even more .
va	PAST	My heart racing at what I 'd nearly committed to doing , I cursed loudly and slammed my hand against the wheel repeatedly again .
va	PAST	" Harvey Miles forgetting something dangerous like that and bringing it here where it would be needed ! "
va	PAST	Then I immediately undressed and take a shower , scrubbing my skin until it 's raw , until I no longer feel the day on me anymore .
va	PAST	Then he whirled toward Latham .
va	PRES	" That you 'd even have to ask only proves my point .
va	PAST	Then his face dipped close and his eyes got hot before he spoke .
va	PRES	My breath catches in my throat .
va	PAST	Simultaneously , energy surged through the hall .
va	PAST	Nothing about his expression or his mannerisms implied that he would entertain her request .
va	PAST	I paced the room until it was eight and then checked and rechecked everything to make sure it was right .
va	PAST	Growling , I pawed the earth just as a crow swooped low , nearly clipping my ears with its wings .
va	PRES	I rub her back as she clings to me , " Aw , Hailey . "
va	PRES	A policeman pats me down .
va	PRES	Realm moves closer , sliding one arm behind me as if in an embrace .
va	PAST	Her heart thundered against his chest .
va	PAST	She ducked out quickly , leaving a considerable amount of baggage behind in one small , wiggly package .
va	PRES	But the fact that you believe it ... That speaks volumes .
va	PRES	He reminds me of my dad . "
va	PAST	I fired a warning shot above his head that sank into my molding .
va	PRES	" It provides scholarships to needy children .
va	PRES	" I 'm all grown up now , " I announce .
va	PRES	I wink at him , and clink my coffee mug to his .
va	PRES	" It won 't matter , Nicolae .
va	PAST	Finn 's skin erupted in goose bumps at the hatred in his friend 's voice .
va	PAST	A jolt of surprise tore through me as I caught sight of something within Cade that I had never seen before .
va	PAST	Her lips lapped shut .
va	PAST	The bedroom door loomed before her and she felt another moment of doubt .
va	PAST	" Meet u there , " he texted back .
va	PAST	Her heart reacted to his need , the way he wanted to be with her , the way he reached out to her .
va	PAST	I staggered to it , wishing to test whether my throat really had grown closed .
va	PAST	' My lords -- ' ' Your lords , ' she said , ' are allowed to think they have Titan under their command .
va	PAST	He wandered down the dark lane for a few minutes , before coming to a stop by the house of the village headman .
va	PAST	She raked one hand through the layers of her hair , which fell loose around her shoulders .
va	PAST	Maddy 's eyes rounded .
va	PAST	Cronus snatched the parchment back from Bloom with a groan and pulled a pencil from his pocket .
va	PAST	As I walked around them , Joe winked at me .
va	PAST	Just the thought of his fantasies flooded her body with a need for instant relief .
va	PRES	" Don 't worry , Cass .
va	PRES	" Look here , one hundred and twenty years ago , reports of the plague being situated as far as Cairo .
va	PRES	" Something tells me I 'd do that for anyone . "
va	PRES	I blush with the compliment and look back at his drawing .
va	PRES	" Giving you my full attention , huh ?
va	PRES	" Many a golden-haired lassie ends as the rough yeoman 's bride . "
va	PRES	His eyes wander on to the open door from the kitchen to the short hall and the outside light shining through .
va	PAST	Hallie crooked her finger at her partner .
va	PAST	When Jolene was done , and wrapped in a big , thick towel , Mila positioned her on the toilet , then brushed and dried her hair .
va	PRES	" Father seeks to dispatch me to study the Rolls in three years , as he was chosen to by his father .
va	PAST	Hewitt moaned and managed a nod as saliva oozed from his mouth onto the table .
va	PRES	He spit to get some sand out of his mouth .
va	PAST	Sam pivoted and started a slow jog back to her car .
va	PRES	" No , don 't , " Suave said , her voice breathless .
va	PAST	Emery 's door was reinforced metal , and instead of a window , there was a barred panel .
va	PRES	They hid it in the sawdust pile .
va	PRES	At first I pity him but the more I think about it , pity turns to envy .
va	PAST	She counted a total of nine men headed south in groups of two or three in those three days .
va	PRES	He slowly drops one of his hands and brings it to my face , then traces down my cheek with his fingers .
va	PRES	My heart breaks for the pain that I know he is enduring now .
va	PRES	A mangy island dog wanders on stage and walks the catwalk .
va	PAST	Our tongues twined together and I had a further flash of gratitude that he didn 't taste like blood .
va	PAST	And her sex ached .
va	PRES	He drops it to the sheets .
va	PAST	Blackbeard sauntered in , making his way to the sofa and jumping on one of the pillows .
va	PRES	" Sir Rupert ... . "
va	PRES	Girl 's clothes spit out everywhere .
va	PAST	The carriage shuddered to a stop .
va	PAST	In shock , she clapped her hands to her face , staring at him through her long fingers .
va	PAST	Max flipped over the first page of the contract .
va	PAST	Rain trickled down , spotting the black umbrellas , which had opened like dark flowers as soon as sprinkles began .
va	PAST	She lurched away from the arrow slit ; had he seen her ?
va	PAST	A visit is completely different from a dream , " Nik assured him , bringing his toast to the table .
va	PRES	He then smoothly pulls the slide back and ejects the bullet in the chamber .
va	PRES	Chapter 6 The afternoon sun shines warmly down on me , sparkling off of the twisting river which runs merrily along to my left .
va	PAST	Walking beside Josie toward the dining room , I nudged her .
va	PRES	" Thanks so much , I owe you . "
va	PAST	I nestled my back against the turbine tower , pulled out this journal , and began to write .
va	PAST	The old knight 's mind reeled as he fought to grasp what could have happened to leave such a sight awaiting him .
va	PRES	Louisa runs out for the doctor .
va	PAST	I peek out of the corner of my eye at Kayden .
va	PAST	Panic tore at him , shocking to life the dark and dangerous part of himself that he kept contained outside of battle .
va	PRES	" And Mr. Geist writes in his letter that the more family I bring , the better our luck .
va	PAST	The numbers and size of the symbols increased with each visit .
va	PAST	A deep boom shuddered throughout the ship .
va	PAST	Now the thought of having his own cubs warmed him .
va	PAST	I 've already vowed never to use the information to harm the Valkyrie in any way .
va	PAST	They melted on her tongue like cotton candy , leaving nothing but sweetness behind .
va	PRES	His worried gaze locks on mine and then darts to the book in my hands .
va	PAST	Thomas concentrated on words that would take him to Edric , not just to Westminster .
va	PAST	" Because the dance is on Friday and we already voted for all the kings and queens last week . "
va	PAST	" You 've a kind heart , Keeley , " Maddie interjected .
va	PAST	Sylvie spooned the fresh grounds into the filter and cleared her throat .
va	PRES	Besides , who cares ?
va	PRES	" Number thirty-four . "
va	PRES	She always forgets , which is why we don 't let her play .
va	PRES	" It drains me physically and even when it 's under ideal conditions , I 'm unconscious for clicks afterward .
va	PAST	Farley quietly cursed at Rebecca .
va	PRES	He hid a sharp and cunning mind beneath his streetwise exterior .
va	PAST	Like Billy , safe from violent retribution , Amy expressed what she thought of Danny as Billy had his brother .
va	PRES	The story leads us to a few years after I had moved back to Istanbul .
va	PAST	Gretchen wandered through the house .
va	PAST	" Fuck , " Garde cursed and made to walk away .
va	PRES	" Don 't lie to me , princess .
va	PAST	Then he flexed his power in a short , controlled burst .
va	PAST	Grabbing his plate , she busied herself so he couldn 't see her panicked reaction .
va	PAST	She flipped the lights back on .
va	PAST	You traveled north through Assisi and Siena and Perugia , and on to Milan and Prague and Vienna .
va	PRES	" Funny that you didn 't even know ... " The man tilted his head .
va	PAST	She might have drifted off to sleep , but she didn 't think so .
va	PAST	He scrubbed a hand down his face .
va	PAST	As the sun began to set , the ambient lighting from people 's light up necklaces and bracelets illuminated the walkways .
va	PRES	She spat the words out , then shot a last glance at the stranger .
va	PRES	handsome and sweet , young but wise , his expression arch yet kind .
va	PRES	" I regretted leaving Chicago without settling up with my landlady .
va	PAST	The Captain and his men staggered back as the stench of blood threatened to overpower them .
va	PRES	I vote we stop by her house . "
va	PRES	This time it runs off and hides under a big padded armchair , disappearing from sight .
va	PRES	She rests her head on my chest and her touch brings me nothing but coldness but it matches the deadness inside me so I let it be .
va	PRES	" Go , " she commands .
va	PRES	Evan pulls a disgusted face as Alex arches his eyebrow .
va	PAST	A blow hard enough to knock the air clean out of her , leaving her gasping , vision blurred by hot tears .
va	PAST	A dull , nervous something throbbed in his stomach .
va	PRES	Tall trees with heavy foliage create a thick canopy that all but blots out the light from above .
va	PRES	" What good commerce ?
va	PRES	They suspect me of the murders Henry .
va	PAST	Polly 's eyes darted back and forth as if watching a game of lawn tennis .
va	PRES	Tara yells into the phone , " Whatever you 're selling , go away ! "
va	PAST	He arched a brow and scrawled his name with a flourish across the proposed order that Sasha had drafted for Mickey to submit .
va	PRES	" Ha , for a person , zero , " Elliot responds .
va	PRES	" You and your guilt issues . "
va	PRES	Well , more accurately , Ali flirted with them .
va	PAST	Fifteen minutes later , when they turned onto an older residential street , Reese 's head popped up between the seats .
va	PAST	He hummed into me , using his teeth and tongue to pull out pleasure I had never imagined to be possible .
va	PRES	Kirsten thankfully finishes her conversation and turns to us .
va	PAST	They embraced , and Henry swung up onto his velvety black bat .
va	PAST	On his third trip around the estate , he halted in a small patch of trees , his hands clenched in frustration .
va	PAST	He immediately snatched the items from my hands .
va	PAST	The student cursed and ran , and the footage cut out .
va	PAST	Around me downtown Houston hummed with life .
va	PAST	He ached for this woman .
va	PRES	' Sounds too easy at any rate in the telling .
va	PRES	" But what about the cameras ? "
va	PAST	She darted past cauldrons and pots , past the dog 's basket and the tarnished urns .
va	PAST	Percival scrambled across the ground toward her , trying to protect her from the giant lizard .
va	PAST	Jeremy blushed beneath her attention .
va	PRES	She picks up a handful of dollars and throws them up in the air , then falls back on the bed .
va	PAST	The thought that she had for decades tore at him .
va	PAST	In another time and place ... She halted her thoughts immediately .
va	PAST	" But - " The senator straightened himself to his full height .
va	PAST	One by one , Daphne introduced everyone , including Coach Ajax , who 'd finished his phone call .
va	PRES	" Can you really raise that much money or was Ken bluffing ?
va	PRES	" What about your subway ? "
va	PAST	Her seductive call lured him in and he barely remembered to close the cargo door in his haste to find her .
va	PRES	I wander around Dean 's room , taking in the photos he has up .
va	PRES	One of the biggest regrets of my life ... Still , our days of happiness went on , passing by one after the other .
va	PRES	" Alright , " Jordan said , clapping his hands once , briskly .
va	PRES	" Only the cruelest lords .
va	PRES	" I can 't tell you yet , not until we know for sure , " he tells me with a hint of remorse .
va	PRES	" Ignoring me , huh ? "
va	PRES	His muscles spasm , but when he speaks his voice is calm .
va	PAST	A nod , and the man turned on his heel , rapped on the door .
va	PRES	" State yer business ! "
va	PAST	Dehydration , more than anything , threatened them .
va	PAST	Kiara increased her pace , but in a few moments he was gone .
va	PRES	As the cargo is carried into the doorway , the medicine man himself emerges from it .
va	PAST	" Certainly , " assured the king .
va	PAST	Stars erupted all over his vision .
va	PRES	" And as mean as he is , your father still cares about you . "
va	PAST	My sheath flexed and released around his cock .
va	PRES	Gina spat in surprise .
va	PRES	He scratched the back of his ear and squinted at the ceiling .
va	PRES	She actually reminds me a lot of your cousin Tory . "
va	PAST	When I was taking drink orders , they all hushed up , and when I was walking away , they 'd start their conversation back up .
va	PRES	Jason typed in the new password and hit enter .
va	PAST	His stomach grumbled and he remembered with fondness the last good meal he had enjoyed .
va	PRES	The very few people with whom he and I can discuss these matters all give the same explanation .
va	PAST	He tumbled onto pine needle cushioned ground , in a tangle of hemp cord .
va	PAST	He marched across the field towards the power lines .
va	PAST	Fourteen inches long , by twenty three inches in circumference , slightly more rounded at one end than the other . "
va	PRES	He rolls to the side , taking me with him .
va	PRES	" Velocity 0 ! "
va	PRES	You wil never face her . "
va	PRES	It sends a quiver through his body and I 'm secretly pleased , but my pleasure confuses me .
va	PAST	She devised a plan to be executed in one bold stroke .
va	PAST	I invited you , and I 'm obviously consenting . "
va	PAST	" Oh , Zane , " I moaned in ecstasy .
va	PAST	I cursed , scrambling away , throwing myself behind the stack of crates where Kalyani had taken cover a few moments before .
va	PRES	" He wil . "
va	PAST	Mortimer grimaced , but managed to avoid lying by saying , " We 've worked in lots of places in Canada . "
va	PRES	" What happiness ? "
va	PRES	He scratched his right eyebrow .
va	PAST	He winked again and tapped the side of his nose -- a gesture she recognised from some old film .
va	PRES	Like swimming with mermaids . "
va	PRES	" Jane , or should I say , Alexis , I understand . "
va	PAST	Even if she 's threatened to . "
va	PAST	As he turned toward its pull , a small figure nervously snatched its hands away from his purse .
va	PAST	George was lucky , he escaped with a flesh wound . "
va	PAST	She noted then in the confusion of cleanup the night before they 'd neglected to take out the trash .
va	PRES	Because he sends flowers ? "
va	PRES	She breaks into a laugh .
va	PRES	The coach pulls me aside and asks where I go to school .
va	PRES	" With pedals . "
va	PRES	" Is it Trent ? "
va	PAST	" What the hell is this , " Ethan questioned wildly .
va	PAST	Ron nudged her aside and shouted into the crevice , " What are you doing , Rich ? "
va	PRES	Throughout her tale I maintain my composure .
va	PAST	Ellen delivered a melodramatic gasp .
va	PAST	In time , the feelings of despair shriveled and withered , then blossomed into something else entirely .
va	PRES	His face blurs before me as I turn away .
va	PRES	He colored and laughed when people told him this .
va	PAST	His lavish costume complemented her dress , magnifying his height , breadth and bulk , worshipping his coloring and lines .
va	PRES	I rub my aching forehead .
va	PAST	He scrambled away then .
va	PAST	He seemed to grow bigger , his hewn face etched with fierceness , frustration rippling off him .
va	PAST	A ship materialized out of nowhere , massive and black and bristled with weapons .
va	PAST	Jake wrote something down .
va	PAST	Her beautiful eyes shied from mine .
va	PRES	" She betrayed them all .
va	PAST	I snuggled deeper into his embrace .
va	PRES	An unfamiliar voice responds .
va	PRES	Nate sticks his phone in his pocket and glances up .
va	PRES	He sets the charge .
va	PAST	Up ahead , a security light on the outside of the wall illuminated a bend in the tight alley .
va	PAST	We just drifted apart .
va	PRES	" She wanted to know , " Gabe shrugs .
va	PRES	" Did you miss me , princess ? "
va	PAST	She maintained a meticulous timeline which was enhanced each time Rei produced a fact or date .
va	PAST	Aiden pivoted away from his wife before she could read the pain in his eyes .
va	PAST	He flipped more pages .
va	PAST	Dragging in a breath he wrestled for control .
va	PRES	Jones speaks again in the same steady voice : " There would appear to be no alternative : you are surrounded .
va	PAST	Shadow raked a hand through dark hair as he looked at his father .
va	PRES	In fact ... " Kevin slips a pill box out his pocket , taking out the white pill .
va	PRES	She pats my hand , nodding .
va	PAST	" She cheated on me .
va	PRES	" Miami beckons . "
va	PRES	He lowers his face to my ass and does it again , forcing his tongue inside , and I 'm silent this time .
va	PRES	Though I can 't see them in the darkness , a vision of his eyes swims before me : black and narrowed , shrewd and cold .
va	PAST	A crab scurried along the pool edge .
va	PRES	" It is pretty entertaining , " he promises me with a wink .
va	PRES	My eyes close and the dreams hover over my wakefulness .
va	PRES	A handsome one , certainly , but in reality , harmless .
va	PAST	He raced toward us in a blur of fur , bone and muscle .
va	PRES	" No , it isn , t .
va	PAST	Even though she didn 't support this anniversary , the more stressed out Meredith was , the more Lola would suffer .
va	PAST	Amelia 's eyes fluttered open and she looked up at me grief stricken .
va	PRES	And then Azrael charges the android with all his might .
va	PRES	" Holy crap ! "
va	PAST	Once they got her tucked in , they descended on Mistral .
va	PAST	More blue arcs raced down the pole , met the map and created spectacular red sparks .
va	PRES	And lack of any records , really .
va	PAST	" Children survived ? "
va	PRES	" What about Maria ?
va	PAST	He dug into my ribs with his foot .
va	PAST	Hopping right , he scanned the hillside , waiting .
va	PRES	But soon she realizes that it wasn 't a nightmare that had woken her .
va	PAST	I wiggled to move the sheets as soon as I heard them leave .
va	PAST	" Ohh nooo , " Caitlin moaned .
va	PAST	Everything is fine , " I assured him , patting his arm .
va	PRES	At least it saves from having to listen to all his old stories again . "
va	PRES	She hid her smile behind a hand .
va	PAST	He patted his hand .
va	PRES	All of this was so new and strange , it terrified and delighted her .
va	PAST	The endearment tore at his heart , made it swell and fill .
va	PAST	I snickered when the newsman covering the story moved into a split screen set-up .
va	PRES	" Or a cubicle , at a computer . "
va	PAST	He embraced Nicholas , patting him hard on the back .
va	PRES	" How long before Denny figures out that we 've slept together ? "
va	PRES	" With the radiation ? "
va	PAST	Smoke still issued from the barrel .
va	PRES	I suck in a jagged breath and Sean pushes against me harder .
va	PRES	She completely ignores my sarcasm .
va	PRES	I stretch my small hand out to touch the characters on the wall just to feel them and know they are real as I pass them .
va	PRES	My vision explodes into one thousand colors , not one of them the sky .
va	PAST	Celine 's call distracted her from pursuing the question .
va	PRES	The tattoos on his arms were falcons , their beaks open in silent screams as they prepared to strike an unseen enemy .
va	PAST	Pili and Carri , who braved Dragon Con with us .
va	PAST	Only a few yards away with his back to her he darted around a thick evergreen .
va	PRES	" How much farther ? "
va	PAST	" But ... maybe she dozed off . "
va	PRES	" The look on your face tells me everything I need to know . "
va	PAST	He prodded one with a forefinger , yelled , and jumped back .
va	PRES	" I - " Jessamine took a shuddering gasp .
va	PAST	" Oh , " I moaned , recalling the countless times I had been tortured with that exact mouth-watering situation .
va	PAST	He yanked his gaze down to see the worry in her eyes and he kissed her , long and leisurely , to chase the fears away .
va	PRES	He pushed his finger deep , his thumb teasing her cl * t as the rush overtook her .
va	PRES	" Stop calling me that , " she spat .
va	PAST	He invited me to lunch .
va	PAST	Reaching out , his mind encountered nobody nearby .
va	PAST	Garn noted that her eyes had begun to swell up from the chill winds .
va	PAST	Around the perimeter of the room the walls slanted at sharp angles to the ceiling .
va	PAST	His friends seduced my friends , and ... and ... he kissed me . "
va	PAST	Two drinks later , Darlene Albright wandered into Beckwith 's .
va	PAST	Sibyl latched onto the hope .
va	PAST	Her answers infuriated me .
va	PRES	Then he opened his mouth wider and shouted , " Run ! "
va	PRES	Dina actually tosses back her hair .
va	PAST	James retraced his steps , checking each door .
va	PAST	He mouthed , " I 'm sorry , " to her and then pushed open the door and went outside into the cold mountain air .
va	PAST	I instinctively scanned their hands .
va	PAST	Mr. Clancy dutifully hoisted his pack and started off , the others quickly following .
va	PRES	" Grecian tradition views the human body as something beautiful , mademoiselle , something to be appreciated . "
va	PAST	She and Bernard whirled to look back at the swamps , and Bernard cursed .
va	PAST	He staggered away from Duncan and ran for the big , bedroom window .
va	PAST	Looking below , the ground swelled towards him .
va	PAST	Thane scrambled away from Kendra 's body .
va	PRES	They hunt their foes with ruthlessness Then vanish without trace .
va	PAST	We sang in the same choir -- at the hospital where we both worked -- but we were in different departments .
va	PRES	The cheesy chicken was tasty , the potatoes fluffy .
va	PAST	The thin man winced .
va	PAST	1 ARIA Aria lurched upright , the echo of gunshots ringing in her ears .
va	PRES	" No , " I growl defiantly , the very idea of going anywhere with this new quack outrageous .
va	PRES	He treats men the same way .
va	PRES	He speaks very little of the English . '
va	PAST	My thrumming heart fluttered .
va	PAST	I don 't believe in forgiveness , and it wasn 't me you offended .
va	PAST	Fury sparked in his eyes .
va	PAST	But generally it avoided the two-legged kind ; it found their numerous wrappings indigestible , and it particularly disliked boots .
va	PRES	Weapons , execute defensive maneuvers , " Aria orders briskly .
va	PRES	" Sometimes it reminds me of you . "
va	PAST	I cursed and punched the dashboard as the black sedan continued on its way and then out of sight .
va	PRES	" Seems to be .
va	PAST	A thousand things clamored in Sye 's mind , each wanting to be spoken .
va	PRES	That 's not your call alone , " I spat .
va	PRES	Now people just quietly disappear , and they don 't even do that as much as they used to , " Andrei said .
va	PAST	I scrunched up my face .
va	PRES	My hand slips from her arm and she 's running again .
va	PAST	Fear surged up within him .
va	PAST	After a few minutes , Covington drifted over to me .
va	PRES	I sip at my ale , scooping up the final puddle of my stew .
va	PRES	Kai picks himself up too , shaking his head .
va	PAST	The maid ducked her head .
va	PRES	His hand slips underneath my shirt and he presses an open palm against my stomach , pulling me tighter against him .
va	PAST	So he shied away , back to the moment .
va	PRES	He pulls me close , and wraps me in his arms .
va	PAST	Secure in his arms , she drifted to sleep and dreamed of the future .
va	PRES	My body now covered in a cold sweat , I realise this could have very well been my last job .
va	PAST	Reed grimaced and started the car .
va	PRES	" Not in this lifetime , Tynan . "
va	PRES	" O.K. Dear ! "
va	PAST	Emily smoothed the jacket over her generous hips and retorted , " I think I 'd make a decent lunch . "
va	PRES	" Sir , no signatures ... nothing in the database matches their configuration , " a young female officer reports from below .
va	PAST	Lisa coughed and felt immense pain in her body .
va	PAST	Relief flooded through me , and I saw Rigel relax visibly as well .
va	PAST	' So this is the big man , ' he sneered .
va	PRES	" I should have brought a skirt , " she exclaims .
va	PRES	The candle flickers as a breeze sweeps up behind me and my attention darts to the side of me as a loud thud echoes through the room .
va	PRES	I trace the round shape of the symbol with my fingers ; - " it 's obvious really " .
va	PRES	But which drummer ? '
va	PRES	Seems the Irish considered the wine in the " essential things " category and I did very well in my trading !
va	PAST	Cassie lunged forward , determined to get to them , to stop them before they really hurt each other .
va	PAST	She lurched back and pulled him with her .
va	PAST	He pulled her against him , one large hand splayed against her spine , the other in her hair , dragging her mouth up to meet his .
va	PAST	She panted , her face flushed .
va	PRES	She pulls away from me and SLAP !
va	PRES	" She speaks with her sister .
va	PAST	A period of happiness ensued until a day Caroline overheard something .
va	PAST	However , I suspected what it would do next ... and I was right .
va	PRES	It seeks to twist my mind with my own failings .
va	PAST	What if she wrote me off as a total jerk ?
va	PRES	" You know , Elise .
va	PAST	Each time his muzzle spat bullets he hit his target .
va	PAST	He dug a booted toe into the ground before giving her a small smile and walking her back to the bike .
va	PRES	" I 'm only getting half of this conversation , Ant , " Ogg chipped in .
va	PAST	Timmy snatched up a cup as well and joined in the praise while making his way over to Bugs and Francis .
va	PRES	" Are you alright , Bernie ? "
va	PRES	Robert tosses his Assault Rifle across his back .
va	PRES	Not Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty . "
va	PAST	Her voice trembled on the edge of hysteria .
va	PRES	Her body responds , yet here face is as barren as a statue -- all except for the eyes .
va	PRES	" And what about Trey ?
va	PRES	I cringe , and grip Brand 's dick harder than necessary .
va	PAST	Her back arched and the sensation held , throbbing , sending pleasure over and over through her well , into her abdomen , up and up .
va	PAST	Out in the lobby again , he ducked his head and smiled as he glanced sidelong at his wife .
va	PAST	At some point , I drifted to sleep like that , only to be woken up about an hour later .
va	PRES	He studies his socks .
va	PRES	" As Domi wills . "
va	PAST	They rounded the first corner and Go was making good but not great time , and Scarborough 's hands began to sweat .
va	PRES	" Not many remain who possess the sort of information you seek .
va	PRES	" He 's out back , " Mr. Garrett tells me mildly , " unpacking shipments . "
va	PRES	" Am I exciting you by touching you like this ? "
va	PAST	Calvin poked his head around the corner .
va	PRES	I manage to get to a dark corner before I throw up .
va	PAST	I controlled my breathing while crouched down as low as possible .
va	PAST	I toss the cushions back in place hurriedly .
va	PAST	She snorted in disbelief .
va	PAST	They switched documents so you 'd see him burn something else , and his suicide was smoke and mirrors .
va	PRES	" It was a lovely childhood , " he tells me .
va	PAST	The warmth of Ethan 's hand earlier and the weight of his gift lured her into wanting to steal more from this day .
va	PRES	I don , t know how many nights it , s been either , I mean how many nights I , ve been changing .
va	PRES	If you can 't be casual fake it .
va	PAST	That , evidently , was it , she deduced logically .
va	PAST	Paul assured her that he was clear on her terms .
va	PRES	He leads me out of the barn and over to the house .
va	PRES	Rand al ' Thor ... I do not think he has learned this yet .
va	PRES	The second pellet meets the same quick fate .
va	PRES	She growls defiantly , though her voice trembles slightly .
va	PRES	Zeus scratched his beard .
va	PAST	His head dipped and he brushed a tentative kiss across her lips .
va	PRES	The system consists of sensors , processors , saline and protein gel mass bladders and translators .
va	PAST	After creating the vertical support , they attached the long supports to what they 'd already completed .
va	PRES	Spouses or legal guardians only . "
va	PAST	She arched deeper into the kiss , her fingers making quick work of his tie , sending the strip of silk fluttering through the air .
va	PRES	With shaky hands , she wipes her eyes .
va	PRES	Nothing but making the world pure .
va	PAST	He traces his fingers down my cheeks , erasing the tears , but the feelings behind them still linger in me and I 'm glad .
va	PAST	I knotted my top back into place while he struggled to reposition himself .
va	PAST	He scowled and offered a jab combination that I easily rebuffed .
va	PAST	As they pulled up , he noted that she hadn 't moved other than a slight raise of her head to see around the bend .
va	PRES	Why , Your Honor ... " Her mouth opened , then shut , but she recovered quickly .
va	PRES	He arrives in horror to find the bird helpless , lying on its back .
va	PAST	Jake snorted into his sleeve and Will turned away so the good professor wouldn 't see his laugh .
va	PRES	She noisily blows out a stream of air .
va	PRES	" Holy pork chops !
va	PRES	Chapter 6 The noises terrified him .
va	PRES	" We ´ re probably in for a long night then .
va	PRES	If it was what she thought , what any woman would think , she regretted saying she was flattered .
va	PRES	" For Sir Eustace . "
va	PRES	" Including Ares and Hephaestus . "
va	PAST	When she reached the parking lot , she bolted to her car , braced a hand on the hood , and threw up .
va	PRES	" Because I 've been trying to block her from my memory since Year Nine . "
va	PAST	Unsettled and depressed , Louise drifted out towards the front office , where Bob Hanson was dealing with an elderly customer depositing some lost property .
va	PRES	' You 'll be fine , ' Nora adds .
va	PAST	Their brooms scratched softly against the planks .
va	PAST	That she belonged to him and he to her .
va	PAST	He paced for an hour , then slouched into a chair .
va	PAST	I lurched to my feet just as Ellen came rushing into the living room carrying a dish rag .
va	PRES	Blood curling screams filled the air .
va	PRES	Doc moves over to stand by Elder .
va	PRES	Kurt and his illegal ties terrified her .
va	PRES	All innkeepers owe him a debt of gratitude , and your mother selflessly saved him from the eternity of imprisonment .
va	PAST	Pride surged through me at the determination of my parents .
va	PAST	" So you arranged not only for a replacement , but for that sergeant to call me and let me know it had been found ? "
va	PRES	" How noble . "
va	PAST	Eric melted into the darkness , a neat trick that I 'd love to master someday .
va	PAST	The way his eyes scanned the crowds as if looking for something or expecting someone .
va	PRES	The low moans drifting from the next couch over awakened a longing inside me .
va	PAST	I tilted my head to the side and smiled .
va	PRES	She believes , these are the diamonds Shiv said she had in her and she just needed to dig them out .
va	PRES	Face on the ground .
va	PAST	He winked in and out of every room in the building .
va	PRES	His eyes spear through me like a javelin .
va	PAST	As if he 'd never spoken to me , Jack 's eyes darted in every direction to determine the best route of escape .
va	PRES	The room spins outside of my eyelids , but inside of them , it 's black and still .
va	PAST	He flipped on his directional light and stopped completely .
va	PAST	In its bipedal mode , it resembled an alien from early Terrestrial UFO mythos .
va	PAST	I drifted up and down the beach , cheating wherever it was necessary , and we finished about ten of those ships in just under six weeks .
va	PAST	Aidan smirked and then wiped his smile away .
va	PAST	Lorraine laughed , a short hard bark quickly suppressed .
va	PAST	" He 's not that great , " Grady grumbled , knowing he was lying .
va	PAST	Tom staggered but remained on his feet .
va	PAST	Not all of them trembled .
va	PRES	And on the other side , heat beckons .
va	PRES	he spat as he marched off and swung the door open .
va	PRES	Would you prefer the bed or couch in the family room ? "
va	PAST	He winked at Charlie and she waved back coyly .
va	PRES	One of the Shippers runs up to me .
va	PRES	When the Gods take this much interest in a mortal , it usually ends badly for the mortal . "
va	PRES	" After all this time , Lord Soren still seeks to fulfill that ghastly prophecy ... .
va	PRES	He shrugs and although his voice remains calm , his eyes , once again , betray his anger .
va	PAST	I appreciated that he always liked to drive , but wondered if it was because I scared him when I got behind the wheel .
va	PAST	He sharpened his knife on a stone as he sat .
va	PRES	But if I may ask a question ; the Northern Kingdom of where ? "
va	PAST	He flipped the runner over .
va	PRES	" I suspect ' inspiration ' was the kindest of the words used . "
va	PAST	He looked down as she came , his brow creased with worry .
va	PAST	It marked a man clearly on what side he belonged .
va	PAST	He sold the shares just as a new international private space race began .
va	PAST	His face softened as he looked into Echo 's eyes .
va	PRES	I growl as I approach the second security door .
va	PAST	He poked his head over the log to see two dead creatures , bloody and shot up , lying next to two dead riders .
va	PAST	Her golden hair tumbled about her shoulders , spilling down to her knees .
va	PRES	His ghost haunts this town .
va	PRES	Shock rocks through Vel as he realizes what I 'm doing .
va	PAST	I cursed up a blue streak , glaring at the three witches watching me -- an excited gleam in their eyes .
va	PAST	I dipped my head and commenced painting my husband 's fantastic chest , arms , back and face in killer , kickass streaks of black .
va	PAST	Adam halted his approach .
va	PRES	" You look unsurprised , " Malvern adds .
va	PRES	" Because I like dancing . "
va	PAST	" And I would not want you to , " he assured her gently , and she raised her eyes to meet his gaze .
va	PAST	" You cheated . "
va	PRES	That includes cadets at the academy . "
va	PRES	" Cece , can you manage the hospital for an hour or two for me ? "
va	PRES	It involves his BFF Logan Oliver .
va	PAST	His eyes closed , his lips parted , still holding her fingers hostage .
va	PAST	They applied and went to the interview .
va	PRES	" I suspect that , as a mathematician , you are one of a kind .
va	PRES	" Allan tells me we 'd be in for a protracted court battle . "
va	PRES	He hid behind kegs and waited , crouching in the shadows .
va	PRES	" He wants to see , " Des smirks at me , and the urge to hit him is strong .
va	PAST	Her stomach lurched with every breath .
va	PRES	The sun escapes a wandering thick cloud to happily beam down on us to add more misery to our journey .
va	PAST	Her eyes dart out my open door , checking the hallway .
va	PAST	Somehow my mind tended to process things a lot slower whenever I was around him , and it had to stop .
va	PAST	" We use white noise , " commented Henry .
va	PAST	Her vision blurred yet again and once more came the voice , seeming to call to her from a vast distance , " Tabitha Rose ! "
va	PRES	Liza tilted the lenses up on her headgear and walked to a shelf by the door .
va	PAST	A scowl creased his forehead .
va	PRES	" Effectively blurring the jurisdiction line . "
va	PRES	If she 'd grow up with that same obsessive desire , that same driving ambition , that same unending thirst for blood .
va	PAST	I fished around in my purse for a few seconds until I found my cell .
va	PRES	Carrie glances at my biceps appreciatively , then licks her lips .
va	PRES	And then slightly louder : " Under the .
va	PRES	I gruff it out .
va	PAST	It impressed me then and it looks like it will be a success again this time .
va	PAST	" I don 't know , " she seethed .
va	PRES	A sound breaks my thoughts .
va	PAST	Lennox jerks up the crossbow and fires .
va	PAST	He blushed a little , even though nobody was looking .
va	PRES	Madness waits out there . "
va	PRES	The memo clearly indicates that Guinea-Bissau was not supporting terrorists .
va	PAST	Letting go her hair , he cupped her face with both hands , pulling her to hm .
va	PRES	So I suggest you take this letter and arrange it be delivered to her Marilyn .
va	PRES	What about you Bo ? "
va	PRES	Didn 't it enter your head that maybe you 're not the only one who likes this place ? "
va	PAST	I declined their invitation quickly .
va	PAST	He cupped her face with one hand , slowly caressing her cheek , his fingertips moving lightly over the smooth , velvet texture of her skin .
va	PAST	He patted me on the shoulder and smoothed out my collar .
va	PRES	Snapping on a pair of surgical gloves , she then pulls a small flashlight from her pocket .
va	PAST	Or so I 've been told , " I assured her , never taking my eyes off of Clare .
va	PRES	It covers the three days you worked last week . "
va	PAST	She winced at his blunt description of what they 'd shared , and at that moment Mike hated himself for hurting her .
va	PRES	" Again , the dictionary definition only .
va	PAST	" Alice , " I moaned .
va	PAST	She commanded some people to stop except for those who were involved in the war they were in right now .
va	PRES	Robin sticks her hand out directly in front of Mason and says , " And you are ? "
va	PAST	She wiggled first one shoulder and then the other through the opening before telling Jeremy , " Up . "
va	PAST	Peebles introduced ' Gold ' by Spandau Ballet .
va	PRES	" We are the Ghosts in the Machine , " it responds .
va	PRES	I hop like a bunny helping the burning weaken . "
va	PRES	" I love that sentiment , " I manage to say and I 'm only vaguely aware that I sound a bit breathy .
va	PAST	Her heart raced beneath his lips as he moved to circle the pulse point on her wrist with his tongue .
va	PRES	Din shrieks , suddenly appearing before her chosen and reaching out helplessly .
va	PAST	Snowflakes melted in the palm of our hand .
va	PAST	Thank God he must have said something coherent because everyone clapped and smiled .
va	PRES	' What scouts ? '
va	PRES	" Yes " he hissed angrily , shame openly apparent now .
va	PRES	" You ungrateful , insufferable , venomous little twit .
va	PRES	If you fire me , I will sue you for wrongful termination , " she spit out at him .
va	PAST	His eyebrow arched as he heard the single word .
va	PAST	Fila straightened and nearly laughed at the absurdity of such a creature frolicking in the snow outside .
va	PAST	Seeing the small , ten foot birch tree rooted not three feet away from him , Stone lurched to his feet and casually uprooted it .
va	PRES	" Yeah , I tend to do that sometimes when I get really intense . "
va	PAST	" Anthony and I live at Rene 's old home , " Gavin informed me softly .
va	PAST	She dried her hands and came and sat down next to her daughter .
va	PAST	He meticulously scanned every building around us as we went , scenting the air continually .
va	PRES	Then her whole body jerked upwards .
va	PRES	He acts like an idiot sometimes , but you know better than anyone else that it 's just a show .
va	PAST	" Stop , " she commanded , her voice low and filled with a power that made Gaius pause in astonishment .
va	PAST	Again Ryan fired , but the beast bounded left , then right , reaching me in the next second and knocking me to the ground .
va	PRES	" Elvis Presley as a corpse .
va	PAST	Guy snorted and shook his head .
va	PAST	I straddled his lap and held onto him as if the events had happened just minutes ago .
va	PRES	His well-groomed , salt and pepper beard hid any amusement his lips may have shown .
va	PRES	Explains Greg and he leads us from the room .
va	PAST	Deeper into the clinic , he sidestepped file folders splayed across the floor .
va	PAST	His mouth scrunched up with a moment 's pain that he hid well from everybody but me .
va	PRES	The faster they move , the less dense the matter . "
va	PAST	She wrote beautiful songs and made people happy .
va	PRES	" I researched the family some .
va	PRES	Did you suspect something was wrong ? '
va	PAST	The children welcomed the challenge of the riddles .
va	PAST	For the first few days Edwin had drifted .
va	PAST	" No , " she grumbled , drumming her fingers on the table .
va	PAST	Letting go of Bree , I slung my purse around and dug through its contents for my cell phone .
va	PAST	I sang as they dragged me in .
va	PRES	He picks the cat back up .
va	PRES	He leads us down a long dark hallway .
va	PRES	Makeup still cluttered the glass surface .
va	PRES	The corners of his eyes crinkle .
va	PAST	The champagne cork popped .
va	PAST	" You 're right , " he conceded without a blink .
va	PAST	Without reaching for his coat , he flipped up the flannel collar of his shirt and headed for the hospital .
va	PAST	I must have drifted off .
va	PRES	" Are you married , Commander ? "
va	PRES	She scratched an itch . "
va	PAST	He tips my head back and devours my mouth .
va	PRES	" This is an amazing find , " Ethan adds .
va	PRES	He lifts my breasts , dragging his thumbs over the tips ; it takes all my concentration to keep my eyes on him .
va	PAST	He winced as it scolded his leg .
va	PAST	Tim 's mind raced .
va	PAST	Mother croaked , opening one eye .
va	PRES	" Aren 't you blunt . "
va	PRES	No staff bustling around , only a note pinned to a pair of riding boots standing outside his room .
va	PAST	Outside , a bumblebee darted up to the center window and hovered there , then sped off among the sunlit splashes of flowers in the garden .
va	PAST	" I loved it , " she croaked .
va	PAST	" Christ , " he grumbled .
va	PRES	The feel of him sends a warm tingle up my thighs and I seal my lips to keep from moaning .
va	PAST	He snickered , briefly glancing over at Rema .
va	PAST	She lapped up all the blood from its lacerations and then she sat down next to it , leaning against its lifeless body .
va	PAST	" Mom , " Jonathan whined , " Robert 's lying again !
va	PAST	" He 'll come back for us , " Taylor assured .
va	PAST	I raced around to the front of the cells and saw they were all open .
va	PRES	To the demon she said , " Raise your arms over your head . "
va	PRES	He hops out of the car and runs around to open it .
va	PAST	I sauntered over to the table and put on my most disarming smile .
va	PAST	I suspected they had .
va	PAST	The man lunged at me and I jumped back .
va	PAST	That ramble forked off toward a rugged brick wall .
va	PRES	You don 't have to talk about it if you don 't want to , " I assure him .
va	PRES	Wade tells me it can go a lot faster , but it 's dragging an inordinate amount of weight , and the terrain is bad too .
va	PRES	A frown put furrows in his brow as he quickly stepped into his cutoffs and zipped them .
va	PRES	Her body trembles as she grips at the bottom of my shirt , waiting for me to kiss her back .
va	PRES	Enemies seek high offices !
va	PRES	The cow knocks over the lantern .
va	PAST	" Who hired you to find him anyway ? "
va	PAST	He scowled at the lanky younger fellow with him , whose ready protest subsided instead into silent fidgets and darting sideways looks at them .
va	PRES	Marion tells me how there used to be only one drug for your ailment , whether it was cholesterol , blood pressure , or even an antacid .
va	PRES	He laughed , his chin dimple peeking out for a second .
va	PRES	He pulls on my hair until I stand .
va	PRES	Vana grant rest to their souls .
va	PAST	Determination and a hefty dose of adrenaline fired through him .
va	PAST	Raised in Manhattan where he learned about business from his father , he graduated college , and five years later , married Miranda Jones .
va	PRES	" Lonely Bunny ? "
va	PAST	Her eyes sparked with a similar awareness .
va	PAST	Manuel concentrated and pushed it to the left .
va	PAST	When I finally heard the siren , I raced up the stairs to let them in and lead them down to Mom .
va	PAST	He winced as he swung his weaker leg out over the seat .
va	PRES	My dad lowers his gaze .
va	PRES	He pulls out and thrusts into me again , harder and deeper .
va	PRES	32 Brows drawn together , Sebastian grated , " Think I 'd know this . "
va	PAST	Kyo crackled with laughter .
va	PRES	" Cole always tells me he has a heart , but it 's not inside him .
va	PRES	Before you come , could you stop by Martin 's and bring me some different colored stick-on labels .
va	PRES	" Not half so delicious as you , Ambassador . "
va	PRES	I dismiss you from my servitude and my presence !
va	PRES	A tire iron , and my body aches as I remember what it felt like to be beat by it .
va	PRES	The next load arrives later in the week ... Yep .
va	PRES	Villages , boroughs , patches .
va	PRES	" If you wanted to bring down Cadogan and Grey , why the notes ?
va	PRES	I absent-mindedly smoothed my hair and smiled .
va	PRES	He spits at me as he pulls me to my feet .
va	PRES	" For that reason alone , you should take my offer , " he informs me .
va	PAST	He cursed himself for not recognizing the name sooner .
va	PAST	" Safe as we 'll get for now , " Marcus assured us , pulling the car up to a stop outside the house .
va	PRES	" He believes he has discovered a path to engineer our way out of this doom . "
va	PAST	She blushed deep red , and I watched as the deep heat caressed her face .
va	PRES	Janice pokes the phone with her extra long painted fingernail .
va	PRES	" I guess not , " mumbles Five .
va	PRES	Valerie switches off the channel with a flick of her wrist .
va	PAST	Her hands knotted into fists , and tears blurred her eyes again .
va	PRES	This way , " he adds and takes off walking slowly upriver along the riverbank , the river on his right .
va	PRES	A lengthy sigh of defeat ruffled prescription slips in front of the pissed-off vet .
va	PAST	For three hours they marched without stopping .
va	PAST	Her three sisters-in-law assured her this was normal , but Eleanor worried .
va	PAST	Said Astrid in a tone of voice that Sarah had often heard from her Nan and it was one with which you did not argue .
va	PAST	Guitars whined from a distorted distance .
va	PRES	A circus of police and ambulance lights greet us when we arrive at the apartment .
va	PRES	Blood covers Nancy and she runs to our water purifying system to wash it away .
va	PAST	I raced out of the barn with Matt chasing me yelling , " What the hell is going on ?
va	PAST	She commented on how rusty my cursive writing had become and declared that I needed a lot of practice .
va	PRES	" But Micha ? "
va	PRES	" Babysitter to those she cares about . "
va	PRES	Vultures and ravens manage fairly well .
va	PRES	" Promises , promises . "
va	PRES	" Another one of those monsters , maybe ?
va	PAST	Again in frustration , she sang back at the sea monster .
va	PAST	A wide grin bloomed .
va	PRES	When I talk to Todd , my fatherly instincts kick in . "
va	PAST	She longed to stop , to throw off the heavy black cloak she was wearing and to breathe , if only for a moment .
va	PAST	I clapped him on the shoulder .
va	PAST	I sniffled again and wiped my face with a sleeve .
va	PAST	She raced across the room and flung herself into Jason 's arms -- kissing and hugging him .
va	PRES	He leads me downstairs and shows me to the last door on the left side of the hallway .
va	PRES	The moment his presence registered , she spit at him .
va	PAST	While hiking through , we stamped our feet to flush the vipers lurking in the underbrush .
va	PRES	" How about Idaho ? "
va	PRES	I jerk my arm away from her and suddenly feel like she may have been trying to distract me all along .
va	PAST	That dried green sludge covering the outside will need lots of hard scrubbing young man .
va	PAST	No , she chastised herself .
va	PRES	" Who cares what he thinks ?
va	PRES	" Let 's go find that book you wanted , " Marco hauled Ashe away from the reference section .
va	PRES	Seeing Annie 's expression , he shrugs helplessly .
va	PRES	Bits of rocks dislodge as we move , dancing down the huge formations of the mountain we 're following down .
va	PRES	" Easy there Tiger .
va	PRES	The voice startles me .
va	PRES	" You traitorous bitch ! "
va	PRES	Seems a little cooler in here to me . "
va	PAST	My chair skidded behind me , then landed on its back with a loud thump .
va	PAST	The car staggered violently .
va	PAST	" They all wrote a response and handed it to the judge , who read them out loud .
va	PAST	the man fired back .
va	PAST	He flipped open the pages and started to read .
va	PAST	" I hired you for a job .
va	PRES	Didn 't she realise that being with you would attract media attention ? "
va	PAST	Her eyes , totally dilated , darted about like a trapped doe 's .
va	PAST	I 'm not the enemy , " Eric whined .
va	PAST	The horse skidded to a sudden stop when Bowen and Teague ran forward .
va	PRES	She adds berries and aromatic leaves she knows are not poisonous .
va	PRES	' Sometimes he just wanders off .
va	PRES	" You owe me that date . "
va	PRES	" Who cares what they think ? "
va	PRES	' So what do I intend to do ?
va	PAST	He suspected that it would .
va	PRES	Can I pinch you ? "
va	PAST	She melted around him , his c * ck clenched in a slick fist and bathed in the juices of her arousal .
va	PAST	Beneath the smudged makeup , Lucy blushed .
va	PAST	We wrote the song in our senior year in high school , when things seemed much simpler .
va	PRES	Jack staggers into the garage while drying his hands on his shirt .
va	PAST	She shuddered at the thought , but there was nothing that she could do about it .
va	PAST	Ignoring his request , I commanded her body to expel mine , and again , the transition was as easy as it was abrupt .
va	PRES	The thought terrified him .
va	PAST	" I 'll be a polite as I can be , " Karla assured him .
va	PAST	When Luis didn 't reply , Jase 's expression softened .
va	PAST	Bill Door straightened up .
va	PAST	How people took their daily meals for granted .
va	PAST	A transparent , rectangular door on its side swished upward .
va	PAST	Lightning flared again in the sky and Sadie 's skin rippled beneath her fur as she jumped at the sound of the thunder .
va	PRES	" He 's been bought , " Brody spit out .
va	PAST	I suspected she did , too , but the look itself was supposed to say that she didn 't give it any thought at all .
va	PRES	" You imply , then , that I am not fully honest with you ? "
va	PAST	He clutched it in his hand , then patted the back of Ty 's neck , pulling his head to press their foreheads together .
va	PRES	My mouth drops open .
va	PRES	When it becomes clear to her that we 're heading out , she staggers upright and pleads , " Not to leave behind . "
va	PRES	Monroe furrows his brow .
va	PAST	Later they sold the house , which was demolished to build condos .
va	PAST	In three occasions , I closely encountered with the senior students .
va	PAST	Someone that they could accuse of heresy or worse , and the ritual cleansed them from any responsibility for the torture and murder later .
va	PAST	I surfaced and saw a figure sitting on a rock just above me .
va	PAST	My hands trembled and sweat beaded on my brow , but I couldn 't let him have the upper hand .
va	PRES	" Just beyond those trees , huh ? "
va	PAST	They hoisted the man into a chair .
va	PAST	Grace snuggled against him .
va	PAST	At the bottom of the stairs , Ian scowled up at the two of them .
va	PRES	I vaguely register someone calling my name , but don 't stop or turn .
va	PRES	" I vote for wine .
va	PAST	They invited us to their headquarters to negotiate , where upon they took us and tortured us for a week straight .
va	PRES	" Of course " - Del a 's smile came off wicked - " you guys wil find that out when you have to try it . "
va	PRES	" We know , Mrs. Davies .
va	PRES	His work ends here .
va	PRES	Something about him reminds me of you .
va	PAST	She coughed and sputtered bright red blood over her caregiver .
va	PAST	" She cheated on your dad ? "
va	PRES	The class drags on , and I hear someone clear their throat repeatedly from the back .
va	PAST	Her eyes drifted back to Mr Briggs .
va	PRES	You are a versatile man , this room clearly indicates it .
va	PRES	It runs in his family ; at least , Dick 's father died the same way , real early - though not as early as Dick . "
va	PAST	The weapon guaranteed that anybody he might encounter would be open to reasonable discussion .
va	PRES	She rolls over , holding her stomach .
va	PAST	Blood trickled down my scratched legs and sweat mixed with grease to slick my fringe back , the tips sticking together .
va	PRES	He sets a tank top down on the counter .
va	PAST	" Lot better , " I repeat , holding it out from under the table and rolling it around to demonstrate .
va	PRES	Something decent for a change .
va	PAST	He ducked down behind the bar .
va	PRES	My brightness blinds him to the rising star below .
va	PAST	He staggered as he rounded a corner , his breath ragged and raw .
va	PRES	He apparently covers political stuff about the cold war , and particularly the partition of Berlin .
va	PAST	He gestures with his hand and won 't look at me .
va	PAST	The muscles of his back and arms flexed with his movements and her body responded by generating heat in her belly and her skin .
va	PRES	I slump back into the chair .
va	PAST	In the chaos and chanting , Amelia drifted .
va	PAST	One of Josephine 's lamps toppled over and crashed to the floor .
va	PRES	It sends a shiver through me .
va	PAST	Then he gritted his teeth , eyes opening wide , lips parted as if he were under great pressure .
va	PAST	I arched on the balls of my feet and kissed him sweetly .
va	PRES	You and I. Tomorrow .
va	PAST	He plucked the empty glass from her fingers and edged closer .
va	PAST	" I 'll dine in my chamber , behind a locked door , or not at all , " she informed him .
va	PAST	" Gage ... oh Gage , " Kate moaned , her skin flushed with heat and wantonness .
va	PAST	Trevor cupped a hand over the end of the flashlight and turned it on .
va	PAST	Hazel escorted them back to her room , and laughter and chatting ensued .
va	PRES	The idea of going into the tunnels terrified her .
va	PRES	Does none of that strike you as odd ? "
va	PAST	Amusement softened his eyes .
va	PRES	Miya 's hand seeks my wrist and squeezes tightly .
va	PAST	The crowd persuaded Katherine to sing four more songs .
va	PAST	Kelly , whom Liza never thought of as shy , blushed at the admission .
va	PAST	With that , she winked out , and the TV went dark .
va	PAST	Her fantastic mouth , moving against his , all honey and spice and uniquely her .
va	PRES	As I turn to leave the market , an old woman catches me by the arm .
va	PAST	" That 's debatable , " he disagreed .
va	PAST	And then a sudden , irrational anger surged through me .
va	PAST	I wrote the story . "
va	PAST	Then he whirled away in a swirl of black , stalked into the shadows and was gone .
va	PRES	I kick off my sneakers and bury my toes in the bleached sand .
va	PAST	All your dreams will come true , the ad copy assured her .
va	PAST	The creature straightened up , and in the moonlight , for the first time , she saw its face clearly .
va	PRES	" I decorated it myself years ago .
va	PAST	" Who the hell fired the shots ? "
va	PRES	Unless you come up with a way to prove it to him . "
va	PAST	Then something yanked me down with brutal force .
va	PRES	A moan slips from my throat at his touch .
va	PAST	If he 'd been in his right mind , he would have questioned her more closely .
va	PAST	" This is amazing , who cooked this ? "
va	PAST	" I briefed him before the hearing .
va	PAST	It warmed her heart to see him there , supporting her .
va	PAST	My hands flailed at my face until he grabbed my wrists and forced my arms down .
va	PRES	Will you waste every chance for honor and happiness given you in this world simply because you have been thwarted ? "
va	PAST	" I think I got the message , " he wheezed .
va	PAST	" All mine , " I sang and swallowed .
va	PAST	The wind moaned softly , a familiar and reassuring sound .
va	PAST	I arched my hips to take him , pulling him deeper into me .
va	PAST	A more thought provoking story evolved than expected in the beginning .
va	PAST	A million questions clamored in her head , but she couldn 't ask any of them .
va	PRES	Caesar pats Peeta 's shoulder .
va	PRES	Shelton knocks on the glass , talking to the dark .
va	PAST	" Yet , you hired him . "
va	PRES	I wink at the pair of girls that let me into her dorm block and take the stairs two at a time to her floor .
va	PRES	We will , I assure you .
va	PRES	He lingers a moment and swallows hard .
va	PRES	" Besides - " " Let me guess , " I deadpan .
va	PRES	" But where lie your royal courtiers ?
va	PAST	" I know , " David assured him .
va	PAST	' But I marked also that this old man had a hat not a hood .
va	PAST	Wrapping her arms around his neck , she parted her lips and offered him ... paradise .
va	PRES	o -- o -- o That annoying twit Tyrrell asked me about my cut mouth that afternoon .
va	PRES	After the tests are complete , we create a list of skills that came from my parents .
va	PRES	The President meets with the aliens at Camp David .
va	PAST	Then one day Logan introduced Tabby to the baking mix , and a union was forged .
va	PAST	Hand on his 9mm , he raced down the hall , careful to keep his steps quiet so as not to alert an intruder .
va	PRES	" When I became middle-aged . "
va	PRES	" Because it matters to you . "
va	PAST	" 8 seconds , Dr. Beck , " Vogel radioed .
va	PAST	Sarah squared her shoulders and took a deep , calming breath .
va	PAST	His eyes wandered back and forth around the neighborhood .
va	PRES	As his hood falls off his head , he drops into the imperceptible hole , and gravity is immediately turned upside down .
va	PAST	Every day , Kelly sported a new adjustment , minor alterations that sent his head spinning .
va	PAST	I lunged forward to grab it , but Kenzie had already snatched it up .
va	PRES	No abrupt thrusts okay ? "
va	PRES	Alright , men , halt and relax ! "
va	PAST	" Oh ... sorry for waking you ... but ... " Excitement bled through her concern for me .
va	PRES	Your quarters , on the other hand - " " Use my room ? "
va	PRES	I almost spat out my wine .
va	PAST	I got it , " I stammered .
va	PRES	" You " re hiding out from jewellers ? "
va	PAST	Samantha scowled and continued washing her daughter 's hair , harder than before , but Alex showed no sign of pain .
va	PRES	" Nah , but thanks .
va	PAST	His entire body reacted to her proximity .
va	PAST	Each table sported a jar filled with lemons .
va	PAST	He presented himself to one of the Queen 's knight who had stopped to rest at a tavern .
va	PRES	The Republic usually issues these to their soldiers for physically taxing missions .
va	PAST	" Here , kid , " Wil grumbled as he tossed something into the hole .
va	PAST	His gaze almost instantly wandered down .
va	PAST	Once he entered the raised holding pen , the guard latched the cuffs to the steel rail .
va	PRES	Unless we distract him somehow , you enter death , not that door . "
va	PAST	The police officer informed him that he was being arrested for driving under the influence .
va	PAST	Michael blushed as he looked everywhere , but at her .
va	PAST	With weapons ready , we ducked into the shaft .
va	PRES	Studying things I barely comprehend , fearing a threat nobody else even cares to notice ?
va	PRES	" What about Circle authorization ? "
va	PRES	She crooked me a smile .
va	PAST	As she was loaded onto a stretcher , her eyes flipped open .
va	PAST	" It 's beautiful , " she enthused .
va	PAST	-- Jagger Maxwell Chapter 1 Bleeding Heart It was like a final nail in a coffin .
va	PRES	All of a sudden a high-pitched laugh slices through the silence .
va	PAST	Needless to say , Haworth bristled at the very idea and made no further argument .
va	PRES	He shuts the door behind him , but doesn 't move .
va	PRES	" Dr. Josephine Carter . "
va	PAST	They nestled together and leaned their backs against the trunk .
va	PRES	His voice screams at me and I finally find my feet and flee .
va	PAST	She clamped her hands over her mouth as she exploded into sobs .
va	PAST	And I just fancied a change .
va	PAST	And then she winked at me and pushed me back .
va	PAST	" She " s the only one , " Tynan assured .
va	PAST	Evan stalled , flipping his eyes between me and Jared .
va	PAST	Boone hoisted Delilah up onto the wall and then he jumped over .
va	PRES	" Why when he wakes up ?
va	PRES	" Nothing extraordinary , just the announcement of the Consular games . "
va	PRES	How to direct it . "
va	PAST	He fished the keys out of his pocket and handed them to me .
va	PRES	Dragon spit out an order to get a rope and tie me up .
va	PAST	With the excitement back , Jonathan scrambled from my lap and ran down the hall to the kids ' room .
va	PAST	Don 't do it , he chanted in his head .
va	PRES	" Me spoil you ? "
va	PAST	The legs staggered a few steps towards the door , and fell over .
va	PRES	Kim moves closer , pulling him closer with an arm around his waist .
va	PRES	" But how many houses am I going to sell in this small town if Terry and I go out in public holding hands , Roe ?
va	PRES	She shrugs , pushing the bike along .
va	PAST	Kathy , Savannah , and Abbey welcomed her into the family .
va	PAST	She sprinted and Roger struggled to keep up .
va	PAST	I popped both on the backs of their heads .
va	PRES	She then poses the final riddle : " What is like ice but burns ? "
va	PRES	His eyes , usually so soft when he looked at me , hardened so he looked like he did that first night I met him .
va	PRES	" Yes babe ? "
va	PRES	High above a mass of rock forms the roof .
va	PAST	They still bustled about , mindless of the weather .
va	PRES	He forgets himself and smiles .
va	PRES	He repeats the word slowly , his voice tight .
va	PRES	" Stone Giant ! "
va	PAST	He leafed through it .
va	PRES	She waits , tensed .
va	PRES	Bonk rolls his eyes and laughs , but doesn 't protest as I hand him back the napkin with his signature .
va	PAST	" You are important , " Jill assured me .
va	PRES	' And tomorrow a funeral .
va	PAST	Even as she curiously tugged off the top of the box , Miranda raged at his arrogance .
va	PRES	" Attention , all crew , " the stern and artificially monotonous voice of Dwight Verne boomed over the ships communicator system many hours later .
va	PAST	A hand patted the box once , again , and again , with slow reassurance .
va	PAST	He whirled on Zayne and charged him .
va	PRES	He knows things , understands things .
va	PRES	" No flying cups , reports or fists . "
va	PAST	Kelly flipped through the rest of the book .
va	PAST	Jamie tips his face to the ceiling .
va	PAST	He jerks away from Eight , surprised , struggling against me .
va	PRES	He positions himself in the seat across from me and proceeds to combine the food onto one tray .
va	PRES	" She doesn 't know what she has , though , " she adds .
va	PRES	" Well , that just proves the cyanide wasn 't used by Jeremy .
va	PAST	" Maybe she can take a look at Sali , " Dori snickered .
va	PRES	You just tend to everything .
va	PAST	Nikolai flinched at the sight but bit his wrist open .
va	PRES	Julie studies me dubiously , like a photographer forced to consider a chubby model .
va	PRES	My mouth moves toward hers .
va	PRES	Nobody at the National Powered Pogo Stick Convention 56 .
va	PRES	The woman moves toward me but I do not have the strength to move or even pick up my arms to push her away .
va	PRES	He runs his fingers along my jaw and tilts my chin up .
va	PAST	The deep cold of the ocean seeped into my bones .
va	PAST	She parted her lips to argue , but he spoke over her in that officer tone .
va	PRES	" Sounds wise to me .
va	PRES	Ethan yanks me away .
va	PRES	If I 'm startled or stressed , sometimes the wall drops suddenly , and then I get a rush of noise .
va	PRES	He shuffles up the bed , resting up against the headboard and rubs his hand over his face .
va	PAST	It overlooked a beautiful valley , and the snow from the mountain around us was just receding with the sun .
va	PRES	" We seek the oldest of all .
va	PAST	Swearing , Duncan tore open the brown paper .
va	PAST	The chill of the damp April air cooled his face .
va	PRES	He drops the pen on top of the notebook that 's on his lap .
va	PAST	Kevin splashed in its shadow .
va	PAST	She ducked before it hit her , instead catching Sage flat on the face , sending him flying .
va	PRES	He really cares about what I say .
va	PRES	' Oh , George , ' Agnes moaned , ' how can you say such things to him ?
va	PRES	' Pathetic little issues ? '
va	PRES	One meal or two , Lukas ? "
va	PAST	Thoughts raced through my head at a million miles per hour .
va	PAST	Instead , she informed them that she was going to arrange for James to have an immediate X-ray to clarify his condition .
va	PAST	Metal droplets rain into my cage .
va	PRES	A few feet away , she leaps , catching onto the lower branch .
va	PAST	She grimaced and looked down .
va	PAST	His gaze scanned over me and then he lifted me up , not even bothering to put me on my feet .
va	PRES	Which leads to 3 .
va	PRES	Dusty tan side curtains hid the stage from their view until they walked over to the small opening for performance entrances and exits .
va	PRES	Claire and Connor each slam their trays down and display a look of annoyance .
va	PAST	Furious , Jamie whirled around and glared at Rich .
va	PRES	" Little Rock , St. Louis , Nashville .
va	PAST	A strand tore , then another , then still another .
va	PRES	All of my muscles ache from the in vigorous work out .
va	PRES	He writes lyrics on his phone ! "
va	PAST	I snatched it up and swung it onto my back .
va	PRES	He scratched his forehead nervously .
va	PRES	They ´ re the only ones who haven ´ t taken sides , " the traveler responds .
va	PAST	Help us to , I du n no , sort it out ? "
va	PAST	Ethan staggered to the door , " Open it . "
va	PRES	" We didn 't , but better to be cautionary , " Crewe responds .
va	PAST	He grimaced and frowned .
va	PAST	One thought darted into my brain like an arrow .
va	PRES	So I tug on his pack .
va	PAST	His voice drifted to her .
va	PRES	" And a baseball cap you can turn around backward ? "
va	PAST	The snarl soon turned into a whimper and a short sobbing noise escaped Chad 's lips .
va	PAST	James whirled to face the Irishman , who held the bottle in his left hand , and a revolver in his right .
va	PAST	" They won 't mind , " she assured him .
va	PRES	" But , Mr. Twining , I wanted to thank you for being so nice to my friend Maria . "
va	PRES	Not trying to make excuses .
va	PRES	I raise my hands in a placating manner .
va	PRES	He pulls me in , enamored by the thought .
va	PRES	Help convince her to give me what I want .
va	PAST	He then arranged another chair at the opposite end of the table .
va	PRES	" Thank you , Molly .
va	PRES	" Seeing your face tonight , how much it hurt you to see me with her ... God , that killed me , Aly .
va	PAST	My hands trembled and felt a little weak .
va	PAST	In the haze of pheromones as she found herself wishing even more things she should not be wishing , Caroline drifted into a new dream .
va	PAST	The smell of the coffee distracted her .
va	PRES	" Right ' o , sir .
va	PAST	" His parents never tumbled to it .
va	PRES	She crooked her finger .
va	PRES	Inwardly , I cringe .
va	PRES	Surprised , Ian sat in one of the wing back chairs , and Henry took the other across from him .
va	PRES	She stumbles back a step and bumps into her car .
va	PRES	" I presume you mean besides the young lady ? "
va	PAST	Emma paced the linoleum floor of his office .
va	PRES	The same with the other teeth , and the gems strung with them : jade for grace , diamonds for strength and beauty .
va	PRES	We hunted the vampire , not embraced him . "
va	PRES	The coach scratched his chin .
va	PAST	The Sphinx scratched its mane with a claw .
va	PAST	Then , as she absently munched on a bowl of cereal and poured in the caffeine , a dull cramp knotted her lower belly .
va	PRES	He hid as fast as he could in the closet .
va	PRES	I 'm obligated to you for life , " Del a teased .
va	PAST	Then , all of a sudden , Haley lunged at me .
va	PAST	She completely flipped out .
va	PRES	She rolls over and looks up at me , innocent as a dove .
va	PRES	When the door suddenly opens , my stomach drops .
va	PAST	She snatched her hand back and turned her face .
va	PAST	Hurt radiated from her as she continued to stare at Marcy , but there was also a spark of anger in her gaze .
va	PAST	Licking her lips , she moaned .
va	PAST	One of the guys must have dug it up and tossed it here . "
va	PAST	Immediately Felix , s cheerful and affectionate expression melted his soul .
va	PAST	Both my hands free , I automatically twined my hair into a knot on the back of my head .
va	PAST	" No , " I whimpered , turning my face to the side and squeezing my eyes .
va	PAST	The engine coughed and died .
va	PAST	Maureen 's heart constricted with fear .
va	PAST	She moaned , but otherwise didn 't respond .
va	PAST	" Marcus , " I moaned as he rubbed me with his fingers to enhance the sensation .
va	PRES	I shiver as he withdraws .
va	PAST	And then he shuddered , the tension in his big , muscular body draining in an instant .
va	PRES	" Instant basement access ... ? "
va	PRES	An old Chinese woman ignores him .
va	PRES	After breakfast , Kim sends Adam out in only a diaper to check on Baby Jesus and the goats .
va	PAST	He ducked and ran through Black Sam 's arms .
va	PRES	Altogether , we maintain the whole .
va	PAST	Sakura bit her lip and her heart thundered within her chest the moment her eyes met Sebastian 's .
va	PRES	" The tsar represents a link with our heritage .
va	PAST	Meeting you has not dampened my belief that you are someone I can work with .
va	PAST	Natalie shuddered at the thought .
va	PAST	The big man delivered a heavy blow to Mike 's head and dropped him on the floor .
va	PAST	He 'd worked hard at it , vowed to break me .
va	PRES	' Just for a minute , until the glue sets . '
va	PRES	The thought terrified him .
va	PRES	She usually hid her surprise so well .
va	PAST	" I 'm up to it , " she assured him .
va	PAST	Reading her thoughts , Marcus tilted his head toward her .
va	PRES	" Dark and dangerous , huh ? "
va	PRES	But when I finally got close to her , she sucked in a deep breath and said , " Bianca . "
va	PAST	But he sailed right past the exit .
va	PAST	" When up , my face will be blurred to cameras by blinking LED lights .
va	PRES	" I 'd be very happy to stay , " Baldwin speaks for himself .
va	PRES	" The whole mouthful ? "
va	PRES	The van jerks to a halt .
va	PAST	His mind raced with options .
va	PAST	She edged closer , until they were inches apart , separated only by the center console .
va	PRES	" Within this circle , we seek the power , to return in time with the Ancients ' power . "
va	PAST	" Yes , he might , " Kiel conceded .
va	PRES	Sorry , his infuriated voice spat into my mind .
va	PAST	I wrote back : I 'm fine .
va	PRES	The prisoner spat at him .
va	PAST	He bends next to me and picks up the contents of my spilled purse .
va	PAST	Wild with grief and pain , she launched herself at him , striking at his chest with her fists when he jerked her tightly against him .
va	PAST	Her curiosity finally overrode her caution and she asked , " Matt Veal ?
va	PAST	" I will not lose you either , my friend , " he assured me .
va	PRES	More plates of chitin armored his torso and legs .
va	PRES	He leads us in and tells us that he has been expecting us .
va	PRES	I chant louder until she fades back into oblivion .
va	PAST	The man sitting to Paul 's right nudged his arm and pointed to the waiting dealer .
va	PAST	" My elbow , " I moaned , lifting up my arm .
va	PAST	I raced back to The Black Bell and locked myself in my cabin .
va	PAST	He drifted off in the car and only woke up when the air had cooled with the sunset .
va	PRES	I raise the sun high over head .
va	PAST	" I 'm not going to hold the place up , " he assured her .
va	PAST	Morris honked the horn , drawing my attention .
va	PRES	He circles around slowly , and I feel my first twinge of pleasure at the sensation .
va	PAST	He moved toward the door , both hands and head occupied with coffee , papers and doubts .
va	PAST	The United States issued many securities prior to the collapse .
va	PRES	I can do this and I am not staying on Sanctuary , " Maya growls .
va	PAST	Instant joy popped into Joey 's gut .
va	PAST	They wandered toward the West End , stopping when they reached a crowded pub .
va	PRES	" Traffic , high hotel costs , obligatory family visit ... " " Sharon 's not so bad .
va	PRES	" She was rescued , you lump ! "
va	PRES	Or about me and Reeve either ! "
va	PAST	Amber 's rage in that moment fueled her ability to dream and fantasize the most horrible wish against Mother .
va	PRES	Military MRE packs , rifle magazines and a small com radio , though its housing appeared damaged .
va	PRES	He drops a kiss on my forehead and disappears out into the crowd .
va	PAST	I survived only from one day to the next , with scarce better expectations .
va	PAST	I wandered over to it , hypnotized by the sound .
va	PRES	Just then , the dogs ran by and Josie stopped in front of Mark , begging for one of the dog treats he kept in his pockets .
va	PAST	Closing her eyes , she moaned as his fingers began to work in conjunction with his tongue .
va	PAST	His fingernails raked down Zane 's back .
va	PRES	" You 'd better not , " Sonny spit on the curled up version of James and walked away .
va	PRES	" The bastard , it 's him , " Monique spat .
va	PRES	She lifts her shoulders to her ears .
va	PRES	" Powerful indeed . "
va	PRES	Besides , you owe me a movie . "
va	PAST	He positioned himself in front of a washroom roughly halfway between the elevator and the T.A. office .
va	PRES	" But am I recording musician ?
va	PRES	She forgets her sister and her kid side takes over .
va	PAST	Like the tides of a furious ocean the shock waves reverberated through the air while the aftermath of green and blue remained .
va	PRES	" Yeah ... " " Perfect .
va	PAST	That just cemented the deal .
va	PRES	Elliott ignores him , but I meet his hooded eyes .
va	PRES	The hum of another rocket screams over our heads and the lights go out .
va	PRES	Toronto , what kind of name is that for a city , anyways ? "
va	PRES	" Don 't worry , Dan .
va	PRES	" Yeah ... " " The white paint on it is from an accident at the Roadhouse .
va	PAST	Kim bared her teeth .
va	PAST	Then I scowled at Lara and croaked , " We don 't have time for this .
va	PAST	I distracted myself by listening to the dead 's stories , to their regrets , to their triumphs and sadness for the people they left behind .
va	PAST	Her presence cloaked him , smothering and stifling ... and she was not yet touching him .
va	PAST	Michaelmas daisies bloomed on either side of the path , and the ornamental trees were just beginning to turn color .
va	PAST	I winced at that , remembering just how heated things had been when Archer and Jenna had walked in .
va	PRES	But time heals all wounds .
va	PAST	The entity tilted his head slightly to one side , and as he did so , a brief image flashed into my thoughts .
va	PAST	All the memories flooded their minds .
va	PAST	Liz sprinkled the dry lavender around all of them .
va	PAST	He coughed as he opened the can in case his parents were on the landing , and drank it leaning out of the window .
va	PRES	The little girl cherished the extra attention and the colorful strands woven into her hair .
va	PAST	I arched a brow at my uncle .
va	PAST	The drink scrambled his thoughts sometimes -- that was what the doctors said anyway .
va	PRES	" So ... moving on , huh ? "
va	PRES	She sets her jaw with defiance .
va	PRES	" So , no carriage , huh ? "
va	PAST	" They 're here , " whimpered Nika .
va	PRES	" When you touch me we tend to get carried away . "
va	PRES	" To scope it out , investigate .
va	PAST	" Things won 't always be alright , Derek , " Vivienne enthused .
va	PAST	Her temper finally overrode her shock .
va	PAST	" He did it again , he smirked .
va	PRES	" Your kind can only fail a mission once , " Hartman notes with an amused grunt .
va	PRES	Ollie lifts his head and growls .
va	PAST	I almost welcomed the tailpipe rattle .
va	PRES	It doesn " t take many people to turn a worried , anxious crowd into a mob .
va	PRES	A chorus of cracks and crunches shoots through me as my back greets the earth and Julie 's weight flattens my chest .
va	PAST	It blistered and turned black , but healed just as quickly as it burned .
va	PAST	" Everything 's fine , " Courtney assured her .
va	PAST	' I have to get to a lab , ' she said , her voice edged with desperation .
va	PAST	Jazmine grumbled a reply and Shana realized she 'd failed again .
va	PAST	I fed it into a trash can .
va	PAST	We drifted down the hallway , swinging doors open at random , our awe only growing with each new room .
va	PAST	The little girl performed as though she was born to it .
va	PAST	To be fair , that applied to the guys just as well .
va	PRES	Mile long runs in the morning finally drove the memory of the painful recovery away .
va	PAST	Stray feathers marked it as a former chicken coop .
va	PAST	Jeremy interjected , " Do you two need to be alone ? "
va	PRES	" Sorry , princess .
va	PRES	" What kind of trade ? "
va	PRES	Edward squeezes my shoulder , and grins down at me , " So , tell me how today went .
va	PRES	The Allied Moon ! '
va	PAST	It whirled around , swiping at Anakin with its hands , but he nimbly danced out of the way .
va	PAST	She coughed , swallowed , lowered her voice to a hoarse whisper , and added , " Don 't move -- don 't .
va	PRES	" You 'd think I 'd have actually done something to earn your distrust with the way your acting , " Heath complains .
va	PAST	The sea woman moaned with anticipation and snarled with defiance .
va	PRES	Anger shoots through me .
va	PRES	I curse this whole place and the two who put you here ... " " Three , " he said wearily , and bent his head .
va	PRES	Red spray paint easily visible against the sandstone color of the buildings which stood across the city .
va	PAST	" Stop it I 'm serious , " she blushed .
va	PAST	You controlled the government like a puppet and now you 're working to destroy it piece meal .
va	PAST	I fairly sang as I met Michael at the car .
va	PRES	First breed of hyper drive engine .
va	PRES	You require sleep , Jack , quality sleep .
va	PAST	I concentrated hard on that switch , willing it to move .
va	PRES	It 's nothing fancy , just a white cotton sundress that is comfortable and soft .
va	PRES	He indicates the bloody crime scene in front of him with his right hand , still firmly holding onto his gun .
va	PRES	" I suspect they " ve been delayed by matters of great importance . "
va	PAST	" Ain 't no Madison ever traveled out of the South to go to college .
va	PRES	The barely detectable scent of a sharp , spicy cologne snakes it way through my sense .
va	PRES	D.H. Lawrence For , behold , I create new heavens and a new earth .
va	PRES	It breaks off its hinges and hangs limply off the last few screws , creaking from the weight ; broken wood splinters jut out from the edges .
va	PRES	Or at least tuck her into a remote house somewhere , away from him and Daniel ? "
va	PRES	' Oh Ezra , you 're like some sexy vampire , ' " Toby mocked .
va	PAST	Cain had behaved badly .
va	PAST	But your office popped up a few times on the monitors .
va	PRES	He tilted his head slightly .
va	PAST	The man whimpered , his eyes going back and forth from gun in Chloe 's hands to Jackson 's fearsome stance .
va	PAST	Jen smirked at his remark and entered behind him .
va	PRES	" Okay , how about these basics ?
va	PRES	Then his voice , gentle in her head , said , Your map tells you that your son is still alive .
va	PRES	' Not the rope .
va	PRES	He drops his eyes to my lips where his thumb is still stroking them .
va	PAST	He blushed at the memory .
va	PRES	A true Champion . "
va	PAST	He yanked it back on .
va	PRES	" What if he writes back ? "
va	PRES	A Mr. Fitzwilliam . "
va	PRES	Others maintain that they 're the only thing not affected by it .
va	PAST	His mind wandered , and the sentences ran together .
va	PRES	Who I was no longer matters .
va	PAST	Throwing open his door like he wanted to kill someone , his look softened when he saw it was me .
va	PRES	" One plants , another waters . "
va	PRES	" Yes , " he tells me .
va	PRES	Kari wasn " t his .
va	PAST	They rode off , crossing a small brook , winding through the trees to another main road .
va	PRES	" And Ivy ? "
va	PRES	I reckon it 's safe . '
va	PRES	Kaylee spat in his face .
va	PRES	" Come , " she pulls him over by the hand .
va	PRES	" Their contesting the Will " her voice rattled as she spoke .
va	PRES	And we intend to find out who it is .
va	PRES	A Bodhisattva seeks enlightenment by leading others to happiness .
va	PRES	He even trained a Maryland Hunt Cup winner . "
va	PAST	Wiggles winked at Gumshoe .
va	PAST	She coughed and wheezed , then stared at him incredulously .
va	PAST	" Someone intentionally inserted that rock from underneath the ice ! "
va	PAST	Love concentrated on the traffic .
va	PAST	Cruz genuinely commented , with a chuckle .
va	PAST	Everything inside me warmed just looking at him .
va	PRES	I realise that the shooting has stopped and everyone else is dead , apart from us four .
va	PRES	' Or Tribe ? '
va	PAST	Quickly , I scrambled to find the time and saw by my watch that I 'd only been asleep for a little while .
va	PRES	" That 's right , butter me up .
va	PAST	Each powerful thrust increased the tension inside her and every withdrawal left her gasping and aching for his return .
va	PAST	Biting my lip , I whimpered and fought back my sharp cries of ecstasy .
va	PAST	A big smile splayed across his face like he 'd just answered the right question to final Jeopardy .
va	PAST	The pain blinded Mona .
va	PRES	" Come on , Fallon .
va	PAST	His Collar sparked , but Graham totally ignored it to slam himself into Eric .
va	PRES	The tunnel drops deeper , then levels .
va	PAST	But then the darkness cloaking the tombstone terrain limited her vision .
va	PAST	Knowing she 'd rise to that bait , he arched his eyebrows in challenge , and she laughed without mirth .
va	PRES	He sets the cat down on the grass .
va	PAST	the king sneered with a stern look of great indignation on his face .
va	PRES	Fortunately they tend to also have a railing .
va	PAST	She barely escaped with her life . "
va	PAST	" I know you do , " Jo patted Aggie 's leg .
va	PAST	Preston 's strokes quickened .
va	PRES	The flashing light illuminating the sky , like giant flares showing the battlefield for an attacking army .
va	PAST	She braked her truck .
va	PAST	She arched , taking it in .
va	PAST	I grazed his bottom lip with my teeth .
va	PRES	He catches my raised brow and his grin widens .
va	PAST	Dropping the dead female on the floor , Gaius retraced his steps .
va	PRES	" Touch me , then .
va	PAST	The opposite corner contained a long table with the goblin corpse atop it .
va	PRES	Everyone ignores it , but they can all smell it . "
va	PRES	He runs his hand through his hair .
va	PRES	Seems a silly waste of my journal paper , but there must be more notebooks among the office supplies .
va	PRES	" Which bedrooms ? "
va	PRES	" Please , Madame , " I falter .
va	PAST	he whined , studying his appearance with a woeful expression , as he straightened out the lapels of his jacket .
va	PAST	The boots halted a pace away from Cole 's face .
va	PRES	Later on in the day , Adel and Kamil wander from hotel to hotel and then to motel .
va	PRES	Her cold reaction reminds me that we don 't do things like this .
va	PRES	Seminary waits for no man . "
va	PAST	He resisted the urge to reach out and ruffle her hair like she was a little kid .
va	PAST	The bed dipped as he climbed on and straddled my legs .
va	PRES	He grilled each child about what was going on in their lives , despite the fact that both Sam and Mike visited their father often .
va	PRES	She spit in his face .
va	PAST	I shuddered to think what he might have cooked up for me , but I forced a smile .
va	PAST	Instead of violence , though , they embraced .
va	PRES	" Just like that wine , Kya .
va	PRES	This reminds me that I haven 't listened to her voicemails yet .
va	PAST	A restaurant hostess materialized beside them , and without a word , they were guided to a quiet corner table .
va	PRES	Heads , left , tails right .
va	PRES	She screams destroying everything around her .
va	PAST	Then when the portal finally began to open , the living world resisted .
va	PAST	No one spared them a glance , as if it were an everyday occurrence for the half-human creatures to be walking around in broad daylight .
va	PRES	We realise the insignificance of a problem we face ... only when it 's replaced with a far greater one .
va	PAST	Being around Cassie unbalanced him .
va	PRES	" Not so funny now , huh ? "
va	PAST	Quite frankly I was upset by the disappearance in general of the familiar casual ambiance of street vendors , narrow homey streets and minimal Western style modernization .
va	PRES	" So , how did you manage to keep the prices so low ? "
va	PRES	" I suggest you begin by standing up . "
va	PAST	With every hardship the parents attached a form of learning for Lisa .
va	PRES	" It breaks my heart , but that 's what they are telling us .
va	PRES	" Jesus Christ . "
va	PAST	She patted him on the cheek .
va	PAST	Her billowing nightgown and robe fluttered around her ankles as she moved on swift feet down the corridor that led out to the courtyard .
va	PAST	Giving Rick a flirty smile , I winked at him .
va	PRES	" Like I said , you owe me . "
va	PRES	Then he plucked a strawberry and placed the plump fruit between his teeth .
va	PAST	He skidded on a patch of leaves as he came to an abrupt halt outside of a narrow crevice between the rocks .
va	PAST	she switched it on and sat down at the table .
va	PAST	Several minutes later , our presentation already halfway through , she nudged me .
va	PRES	The brand searches its own market .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down his eyes .
va	PAST	He surged forward as if to stem the flow of her bitterness .
va	PAST	" Now , " she mouthed .
va	PRES	He leads the way toward the stairs , and I look at Pen .
va	PRES	Oh , that reminds me .
va	PRES	I owe you one . "
va	PAST	I ached to see her .
va	PAST	It rippled from his body into hers .
va	PRES	" Major whoa . "
va	PRES	The thought burns like bile in the back of my throat .
va	PAST	As Agatha assimilated this new information her determination intensified .
va	PRES	I pity any man she ever ends up with .
va	PRES	" Aren 't you going to unlock the door ? "
va	PRES	My heart breaks as the words pour from my mouth .
va	PRES	Even more than the guns , those dogs terrified her .
va	PAST	I sniffled and nodded my head at Merrill 's words .
va	PRES	Eden settles down against his brother 's shoulder .
va	PAST	He toppled over the log , falling limply behind it .
va	PAST	This time Huxley flinched so hard that he spilled wine over his shirt .
va	PAST	When Amory came over late last night , he informed me that as of right now , nobody knew what happened to me or the other guy .
va	PRES	" We are aware of our situation , " Lisa adds .
va	PRES	All primed up for The Sweat 's best reunion DVD ever ? '
va	PRES	" I wil be less tolerant than your old dean , Alexandria .
va	PAST	She wiggled her fingers , then her toes , then rolled over and attempted to sit up .
va	PRES	Then high-pitched , desperate screams .
va	PRES	I could ´ ve sworn he was wearing something else , " he responds .
va	PRES	Rachel sends hot shivers down my spine as her hands caress my neck and cheek .
va	PRES	The board sets the policies and selects a director to implement them and run the day-to-day operations .
va	PRES	I shiver as her icy tone saps any spring warmth from the air .
va	PAST	He paddled to the shore , finding some shallow rocks to pull up to and haul the boat on shore .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down Rif 's face .
va	PAST	It flipped 5 times before it came to a rest out in that peanut field .
va	PRES	Velda hunts for proof that vampires and werewolves exist . "
va	PAST	Pain bloomed , roaring up my leg .
va	PRES	" Of course it matters . "
va	PAST	I dug my fingernails into his back , pulling those muscles further into me .
va	PAST	Something crashed to the floor and he cursed .
va	PRES	I suck in a breath and inhale the air that is so charged with everything that Luca is .
va	PRES	" Nathan adores her .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down my face as I flayed my own hand to the bones .
va	PAST	Willow winced at the pain in the voice .
va	PAST	" I 'm sorry , " Franz grumbled , not looking at him at all .
va	PAST	Thomas cursed himself for the slip of the tongue .
va	PRES	I raise the communicator to my ear , but the sinking feeling in my stomach has more to do with Elder 's message than the descending elevator .
va	PAST	Hot , tingling lightning erupted over his skin , burning away all traces of the poison .
va	PRES	Helen hid a yawn behind her hand .
va	PRES	Damn machine only records thirty-second messages .
va	PAST	The flight attendant blushed and jerked her hand away , rushing off to get my blanket .
va	PRES	Rann views me , smiling .
va	PAST	Every minute he was gone , my anger intensified .
va	PAST	The final trees parted .
va	PRES	Try not to worry .
va	PAST	Tears streaked the woman 's face , smudging mascara that looked as if it had been applied yesterday .
va	PRES	" Dammit , Kay ... " He raked a hand through his hair .
va	PRES	I suggest you return to our apartment ; otherwise you 'll be ravished here and now where you stand , and the door is open . "
va	PRES	Science , as a discipline , when practiced honorably and with integrity , seeks the truth , seeks wisdom .
va	PAST	The leaves shriveled and fell from the branches , spinning slowly down to the ground around the stretcher .
va	PRES	" An army implies a war .
va	PRES	Vel sets aside the code scrambler and waits .
va	PAST	I shuddered at the image in my head , at the word feed .
va	PAST	A dishevelled child popped her head out of what should have been a window , but which was no more than a hole in a chipboard panel .
va	PAST	Her legs trembled as she climbed the steps .
va	PAST	She sulked for a week .
va	PAST	Osh paced back and forth in his wagon .
va	PAST	I whimpered as the soft breeze hit my sex , cooling down the heated sensation left by his mouth .
va	PAST	She avoided his touch and slid into the leather seat .
va	PRES	" Time moves differently in Faerie . "
va	PAST	Elizabeth rounded on Clare .
va	PRES	I prefer picking wildflowers and sewing quilts .
va	PRES	The movement reminds me of the way the legs of a spider gracefully work as it spins a web .
va	PAST	Faded tattoos peeked out from beneath the sleeves of the dress .
va	PRES	my mom screams as her hands flail .
va	PAST	Liam fancied he could see a halo of muted rancor surrounding the man .
va	PRES	He moved closer , eyes moist as he processed the information that was suddenly flowing through his head .
va	PAST	Battista whirled around , quietly cursing as Falco 's familiar stink stung his nostrils .
va	PRES	" Shall I tuck you in and tell you a bedtime story , too ? "
va	PRES	" Sounds like a plan to me .
va	PAST	Ben 's face registered surprise .
va	PRES	One example dates to the first or second century , when the legendary Library of Alexandria was burned to ashes .
va	PRES	" And Violet ? "
va	PAST	" Knock it off , all five of you , " Ken moaned .
va	PRES	The wolf really drags it out of me . "
va	PAST	He popped a chunk of muffin in his mouth , chewing slowly .
va	PAST	Gerald whirled on Crawford .
va	PAST	Everyone clapped their hands over their ears .
va	PRES	I cherished every moment of true natural family life .
va	PAST	He firmly planted his feet into the rough ground beneath him , lowered his head and launched himself directly at the mechanical mystery .
va	PAST	Gray inspected both cages .
va	PAST	The fire crackled in the grate , a log popped , snapping in two to release a shower of sparks .
va	PRES	The White Wolf scratched more runes into the dirt : " Carry .
va	PAST	" Katie , " Evan drawled from the doorway , clearly amused at his sister .
va	PRES	Of Jace 's mother , cutting her wrists when her husband died .
va	PRES	" The water in the teapot represents the collective merits of the partakers of the gathering .
va	PRES	He slips a hand in his suit pocket - a more casual looking suit but still a suit .
va	PRES	Chase directs the cameraman to show the skies filled with choppers and the streets filled with soldiers .
va	PAST	He threatened my life .
va	PRES	He shuts the curtain and seals us inside the steam .
va	PAST	He scanned the room and as soon as he spotted Noelle through his night-vision goggles , his body went still .
va	PRES	" Sounds like you 're hooked .
va	PAST	Colby started for the door , satisfied that Diana 's attention was now focused on the practical matter of dinner .
va	PAST	His body ached from dozens of bruises and cuts , and he didn 't even know when his cloak had ripped free .
va	PRES	The dry grass scrapes my palms and I push myself to my feet , searching the darkness for Tobias and Caleb .
va	PAST	Pushing those thoughts to the back of her mind , she concentrated on her textbook .
va	PRES	" I suspect that Yamhill had a vicious hand in our playground today . "
va	PAST	Michael leaned forward , his curiosity piqued .
va	PRES	I tuck the paper under my arm and continue quickly down the street .
va	PRES	' I owe you a good deal of explanation .
va	PAST	Then , the rebels launched their attack .
va	PAST	And then that receded too .
va	PRES	She curled against his chest , her sobs deepening .
va	PRES	A bright light pulls me from the darkness right before a thunderbolt of new pain thrusts me into nothingness .
va	PAST	Her expectation dug at me .
va	PRES	... lighter , " Nate finished , bewildered .
va	PAST	" Speak , " Rand commanded .
va	PRES	And stop calling me Colonel . "
va	PRES	" What about Smith ? "
va	PAST	The first guard lumbered up to her .
va	PRES	He locks eyes with the old man unwaveringly .
va	PAST	His eyes darted toward the center of the room .
va	PAST	His heart swelled with a deep , protective love .
va	PAST	Rachael raced back down the hallway .
va	PRES	Andrew moves closer , gently brushing the back of my hand with his .
va	PRES	The pillows perfectly plump and arranged .
va	PRES	" Isn 't this risky ? "
va	PAST	He wracked the curtains wide so that the sun streamed onto Roy 's bed .
va	PRES	The first of your species was engineered here on our world , " she responds .
va	PAST	Nick flinched at the name .
va	PAST	Grandma winked at Arabella .
va	PAST	The other officers shuddered all around and nodded ; few things were as deadly to a ship as uncontrolled fire upon her deck .
va	PAST	A reminder that a human rested behind whatever controlled his body .
va	PAST	Julie flipped through her journal and jotted something down in it .
va	PRES	Love and compassion leads one to the ultimate empowerment of self -- the ability to forgive .
va	PRES	" You misunderstood my condition .
va	PAST	He avoided that , swinging his own blade to deflect mine .
va	PRES	Kind of a faintly rusty sheen , but it definitely wasn 't iron .
va	PAST	He smirked at me .
va	PAST	" I didn 't let go completely in the field , " Abbey assured him .
va	PAST	" Welcome to the Texas Maximum Security Penitentiary , " the guard welcomed with an outstretched hand as Kellen approached .
va	PAST	Hopper , of course , cursed in pain .
va	PAST	But , the incident perplexed him .
va	PRES	" But I also suspect that you won 't mind my commands .
va	PAST	" All right , " I drawled .
va	PRES	One boyfriend my whole life proves that point very clearly , and it isn 't him .
va	PAST	As soon as they saw us , their red eyes shined in the dark .
va	PRES	Tightening his fingers around me , he lifts me up .
va	PRES	If he sticks with this decision . "
va	PAST	He stubbed out his cigarette , staring at the Ken doll .
va	PRES	" Good deeds ? "
va	PAST	John escorted me to a small shack outside of the reservation where I was given a hideous yellow jumpsuit to wear .
va	PAST	He wrote her back and told her where to meet him .
va	PAST	" Her marriage lasted sixty-one years . "
va	PRES	Threaten Mary Ann and hurt .
va	PAST	2 " We 'll see about that , " I grumbled .
va	PRES	' Although , ' began Indigo .
va	PRES	I tentatively stroke the material .
va	PAST	Charlotte looped an arm around Emma 's shoulders .
va	PRES	They ´ re old guys but they seem ready .
va	PRES	She drops her face into her hands .
va	PAST	He inserted the sharp of the syringe into the IV and injected the fluid into Kara 's arm .
va	PRES	The three Confederates , Stonewall Jackson , Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis , hid below .
va	PRES	" Everything in me tells me that this has to do with my mother 's death , yet what role do you have in it ? "
va	PAST	I scrubbed my eyes , fighting a yawn .
va	PAST	He scratched his belly looking across the room and then said , " oh yeah I remember now . "
va	PAST	All around them the battle raged .
va	PAST	" It 's kind of like pool , " Oliver supplied helpfully .
va	PRES	" It doesn 't work , Nurse Star .
va	PAST	No one else deserves us but you and me , " I cupped his face with both of my hands and looked at him in the eyes .
va	PAST	I pivoted on my feet , drawing a near perfect arch on the floor .
va	PRES	The other agent speaks into his earpiece , " I 'm coming up with a new scientist who 's been cleared for entry . "
va	PRES	The struggling continued , intensified , terror leaping to life in those red eyes .
va	PAST	She splayed her hands on her thigh , fingering the silken material .
va	PAST	" It wasn 't really me , I promise , " croaked Philip .
va	PAST	Her voice implied no nonsense .
va	PRES	Brandy 's expression changed , her eyes clouding over with lust .
va	PRES	The helicopter leapt upwards in rebellion .
va	PRES	Somehow I manage not to say " I told you so . "
va	PAST	Her arms rippled with energy .
va	PRES	" Right , you prefer leggy brunettes with a penchant for thievery .
va	PAST	" Such as ... " General McEntire prompted .
va	PRES	" Damn it , Tex ! "
va	PAST	She scanned the pages , confirming that she hadn 't forgotten anything .
va	PRES	Good to hear from you Toni .
va	PAST	She wailed and fell to her knees .
va	PAST	The CD contained thousands of folders : administrative laws , state laws , municipal laws , city charters , etc. .
va	PAST	Hunter questioned trying to listen for the buzzing sound .
va	PAST	His face whitened as he continued .
va	PRES	" I do , " Max jumps into the conversation .
va	PRES	" Gabriel - " " It can 't go on , Kaitlyn .
va	PRES	" What about the trial ? "
va	PAST	Claire patted Derek 's cheek fondly a few times , and she smiled at him while she sank back into her chair .
va	PRES	" Good question , " I scratched my head .
va	PRES	" Can you hop on the bed for me ? "
va	PAST	He relocated my family and dumped his bribe into a bank account in my name .
va	PRES	A suspect in custody , but a city still grieving .
va	PAST	The unicorn darted between the crowds , seeming to know exactly when a hole would open up , slipping through without slowing down .
va	PRES	I suspect he 's no keener than I am to rely on Tarn for our salvation .
va	PAST	I staggered forward , screaming her name .
va	PAST	Because , before he could be restrained again , the man yanked his bound arm away from one sailor 's grasp .
va	PRES	She moves away from the door and grabs my hand , giving me a gentle tug .
va	PAST	Kara flipped open her bloodshot eyes , and held his face .
va	PRES	Brand rolls his eyes and mutters beneath his breath , but he hobbles away .
va	PRES	And everyone forgets the one that is a zero .
va	PAST	Their intimacy escalated , on all fronts .
va	PRES	Of course Lake never knocks anymore , but her comfort here has apparently extended to Eddie as well .
va	PAST	She raced to the window .
va	PAST	Her flushed , glowing skin .
va	PRES	" Since when is a single digit fat ? "
va	PRES	No turkey ham your way . "
va	PRES	Everyone ties their strings to me ! "
va	PRES	You turned them all against me , you and your tricks and your empty words , you son-of-a-bitch , " Byron yells .
va	PAST	Madeline nudged Laurel in the ribs .
va	PRES	' A gentleman never tells . '
va	PRES	Regardless of their criminal activity or moral bent , your mom believes in the sanctity of life . "
va	PAST	" When my brothers first got sick , they coughed just like you . "
va	PAST	My broken claws scratched their way across the stone , unable to grip properly , and I fell into the darkness .
va	PAST	Jess nudged her under the table , stopped her saying anything further .
va	PAST	The motion detector I had set up in the fireplace turned on the video recorder .
va	PRES	His lips tug into a flirty grin .
va	PAST	I staggered to my feet , the pain attacking me in debilitating waves .
va	PRES	My mom 's eyebrows round upwards .
va	PAST	He ushered her into a large space where he had set up his office .
va	PAST	When Samuel resurfaced , and we realized he 'd never stopped killing ?
va	PAST	" I heard you 've gotten cozy with the new boss , " he spat at her , ignoring her questions .
va	PAST	He yanked down her gag , and before she could move , fastened his lips on hers .
va	PAST	But instead , as he 'd known she would , she wandered through the pawnshop for a minute or two before she left .
va	PAST	I flinched , and it was all I could do to hold my ground .
va	PRES	" The back door leads onto the porch .
va	PAST	Her gaze drifted over me and she paled .
va	PAST	Sighing , I switched my rattan sticks to one hand and went in myself .
va	PRES	She pulls at the blood-soaked bandage , examining the injury .
va	PAST	Chapter 18 Either the drugs Hannibal pumped into me were long-lasting , or I hadn 't realized how exhausted I was .
va	PRES	He scratched his head .
va	PRES	The sharpness in his voice startles me .
va	PAST	That presented a new challenge .
va	PAST	To leap into the dark frigid waters of the Snake River .
va	PRES	" You suspect that I engage in these activities ? "
va	PAST	Then again , he tended to space out a lot more than I did .
va	PAST	" I 'll give you cake , " Nixon commented .
va	PRES	I scoot closer in hopes of easing her .
va	PRES	Apparently , awkward moments of intimacy rob me of all decent vocab .
va	PRES	We tend to run a bit slow this time of year , but there 's plenty needs doing .
va	PAST	" Putting ... together ... makes us ... more dangerous ... " Pate fired again .
va	PRES	I memorize the route that brought us here , paying special attention to the last few twists and turns .
va	PAST	Her eyelids fluttered weakly and she took in a deep breath .
va	PAST	The child nursed , swallowing Mothers ' Milk and felt warm , comforted , and safe .
va	PAST	I clapped my hands over my ears , wondering how Logan could stand being so close to that awful noise .
va	PAST	She cautiously surveyed the room anew , only taking a step towards her brother when she was certain Adan had left through the other door .
va	PAST	She dug through his cabinets , looking for something to fix up the cuts that she knew he had gotten .
va	PRES	His voice echoes over to where I stand in a stupid trance ... glaring at the rain .
va	PRES	Two drinks in and I had already passed out .
va	PAST	She squared her shoulders and started down the hall .
va	PAST	He flipped the paper over .
va	PAST	She clawed at the sand and crawled away from the plane as fast as she could .
va	PRES	We maintain a delicate order here .
va	PRES	And what a curiously white leaf . '
va	PRES	Anna cocks her head .
va	PRES	" Go away , Marius .
va	PRES	He cares nothing about money . "
va	PAST	I yanked out a handful of lilacs , damaging them in my frustration .
va	PRES	They destroy our apartments , don 't pay any rent and leave the mess for us to clean up . "
va	PRES	" Cake bakers paint them with sugar water and use them for edible decoration .
va	PAST	I moaned as I gripped the towel to steady myself .
va	PRES	He tosses some cash on the table and hands me my coat .
va	PRES	Barnabas hushed his trainer , " Now , now Professor .
va	PAST	He recited words under his breath , in a language neither of them recognised .
va	PAST	His voice softened , though his eyes darkened as he stared me down , baring it all .
va	PAST	Marlon scratched his beard , looking around .
va	PRES	In my dream , I float as a spirit through panels of light .
va	PAST	He thumbed through the pages .
va	PAST	So she cheated on him .
va	PRES	Olivia catches on , answering with an exaggerated frown .
va	PRES	Adel half listens to his pathetic friend who first starts out apologetic to his wife but then ends up in an angry defensive tone .
va	PAST	Her eyes darted down to the Chicago Fire Department sweatshirt I was wearing , and a flash of recognition crossed her features .
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PRES	He stores up the poetry of the ages .
va	PAST	Catching her turn of phrase , she blushed .
va	PRES	The meeting breaks up .
va	PRES	" Fine , how about I jog your memory instead ?
va	PRES	But before he could catch his tongue , it betrayed him .
va	PRES	" I sympathize with that point of view .
va	PAST	I traded a set of overalls for this small amount of it , but it 's worth the price .
va	PRES	Brooke just shrugs again .
va	PRES	His syrup trail moves up one of the crevasses before cutting right across a quarter of the waffle .
va	PAST	" Only a witch will not watch another witch burn , " De Roy Senior proclaimed , and forced us all to the square .
va	PAST	" No kid of mine is going to Harvard , " Jonas vowed .
va	PRES	I treasured that mustard kiss like it was gold .
va	PRES	" Eh , well , erm , not tonight I think .
va	PAST	" It was jasmine tea , " I randomly informed him .
va	PRES	When the men simply stared , she tilted her head and added with a grin , " If you actually are here now .
va	PRES	" Three seconds faster than last week , Selena .
va	PAST	Sweat dotted her brow and upper lip .
va	PAST	" Och , " he moaned , squinting and clutching his head .
va	PAST	At football practice , the anger fueled my game and I took it out on some of the players .
va	PAST	A chill raced through her and it felt as if ice water had replaced the blood in her veins .
va	PAST	What I get , is you , " he freaking growled before pulling me tighter against him .
va	PRES	Gut instinct tells me that she doesn 't relax around strangers often , if anything it is very hard for her to do .
va	PRES	So the sympathy pours out there , and the assumed perpetrator is getting the backlash .
va	PRES	Not that he ever dates .
va	PRES	" It wasn " t an act .
va	PAST	It sparked once more , but the engine roared to life before Carmine was forced to let go .
va	PAST	" So you invited their representative here without consulting with the rest of us ? "
va	PRES	That September sun , still a smoldering summer ember but starting to fail , to slant a little more heavily .
va	PRES	" Not very ... " I slide my finger against the trigger .
va	PRES	" The Underneath ? "
va	PRES	" Not until Thursday , huh ? "
va	PRES	" What about my blood sample ?
va	PRES	" Any leads ? "
va	PRES	Though we know the way , the messenger dogs our every step .
va	PRES	My eyes fil ed with tears .
va	PRES	It lifts my hair playfully and just as quickly releases it to gravity .
va	PAST	" Mom , " Bethany whined , cheeks flushed .
va	PAST	Yet they maneuvered like a well-oiled team , exactly anticipating each other 's moves .
va	PAST	He founded the business with three partners .
va	PAST	" Have you encountered our rats before ? "
va	PAST	Marissa sauntered off towards his room .
va	PRES	The most pathetic thing I 've ever heard was this half demon , half god who - " " Jesse ! "
va	PRES	Gabe shrugs and puts his laptop on the desk .
va	PRES	She adds some black eyeliner under her eyes .
va	PAST	" Hurry , " she implored .
va	PRES	" Can I depend on you to let me know if anything else comes our way tonight ? "
va	PAST	They patted themselves , checking pockets , sleeves , pant legs , as they made sure the weapons they had were secured .
va	PRES	" Something tells me most people strike that chord .
va	PRES	" I prefer we stick to business .
va	PAST	Louis informed Hugh that some police pals of his dad told him that their office was close to making an arrest .
va	PAST	She also wrote about me a lot .
va	PAST	It dipped a little to allow her easier access .
va	PAST	He snickered again and stepped back , gesturing for me to follow .
va	PRES	Eventually he moves past the navel ring and slides his finger down the platinum links and glistening diamonds of the belly chain to my mons .
va	PRES	" How delightful it is to see you again , Miss Smith ! "
va	PRES	Eve indicates the shining steel board .
va	PAST	" This is the side of you I always find so unattractive , " James complained , struggling to reach a sitting position .
va	PRES	" And it 's not a bad thing , " he adds .
va	PAST	Beyond the cockpit window , clouds of smoke billowed while hot particulate rattled against the sides of the plummeting craft like hail .
va	PAST	They both shuddered at the thought .
va	PAST	" So it was you all along , " I croaked .
va	PRES	" Without fail . "
va	PAST	He cupped her breast , his fingers moving lightly over her skin .
va	PAST	" That 's a defeatist attitude , " Joanna challenged .
va	PRES	A wave of energy shoots through the floor .
va	PAST	Her expression softened , and both Carlos and I watched her petite chest rise and fall with her sigh .
va	PRES	Everyone mainly sticks to themselves .
va	PAST	the voice thundered from mid torso " Reply , stranger . "
va	PAST	Her face flushed with renewed embarrassment hoping that they didn 't overhear Callum 's whispers and her body tensed .
va	PRES	But her eyes dart to the curtain .
va	PAST	Eric staggered over to where they were .
va	PRES	' You too , Karen .
va	PRES	" Good morning , Rory , and happy belated birthday .
va	PRES	I no longer depend upon others when I am perfectly capable of seeing to my own needs .
va	PRES	Her quivering voice betrayed her control .
va	PAST	Continuing their trek , the duo encountered numerous beasts before eventually reaching the forest 's edge .
va	PAST	Her breath quickened , the air so brutally cold that her throat ached .
va	PRES	" Come on , Christian , give a little , " she prodded .
va	PAST	They blushed and then left .
va	PAST	The eye of the griffin sparked with a bit of dark fire .
va	PRES	" What about the prophet ? "
va	PAST	Bat coughed to hide a snort .
va	PRES	They hid their laboratory away from prying eyes .
va	PRES	The thieves enter a small , narrow room .
va	PAST	Inexplicably , the hairs on the back of his neck bristled , and he felt a ripple of tension crawl up his spine .
va	PRES	He waits for approval before taking the next step .
va	PAST	I flushed thinking about it .
va	PRES	I greet most of them with a grin and a comment here or there .
va	PAST	As fast as she 'd seen any vampire strike , he lunged at Titus and struck out with one paw .
va	PRES	' Same thing as motivated you . '
va	PAST	A cold wind sang through the trees .
va	PRES	Not just pocket crumbs , but whole loaves of bread . "
va	PAST	The hover car hummed closer , the sound of its engine swallowing their own .
va	PRES	To make matters worse , as if this were compensation , David ends up marrying Bathsheba , thus achieving his insidious plan .
va	PAST	" We will learn as we go along , " he assured her .
va	PRES	" You know , it kind of reminds me of a dictatorship .
va	PRES	" That was the deal , " he reminds me .
va	PAST	I scrape my knife across the rocks as I watch the Lost Souls cower , terrified out of their rotting minds .
va	PAST	" Oh sure , make the laird furious with us all for leading you astray , " Keeley grumbled .
va	PRES	With practiced ease , he lifts me up and then gently places me into the tub .
va	PRES	Run headlong into battle for your glory and the glory of the Caesar ! "
va	PRES	I feign offense , attempting to lighten his mood .
va	PRES	" Great in theory , but how do you suggest I go about that ? "
va	PRES	He finally settles on one .
va	PAST	Fen tore at his wrist and pressed it to Zev 's mouth .
va	PAST	I blushed , embarrassed .
va	PRES	Marlene pokes her head above the glass floor .
va	PRES	He spins away and his glasses fall off and get crushed under his foot as he tries to regain his balance .
va	PAST	A part of me ached for him , but I couldn 't focus on much other than my grandma 's passing .
va	PRES	The assembly of faces shift from sad to confused as the punishment has yet to take form .
va	PAST	He yanked my arm again , delivering pain in a spike of agony .
va	PRES	In response , he switches to his native tongue , and asks , " What is your purpose ? "
va	PAST	A thrill raced up his spine as he tried to anticipate her reaction , but he had no idea what it would be .
va	PRES	" You guys spoil me too much . "
va	PRES	Sounds like it will be epic . "
va	PRES	He also writes a series of sword & sorcery stories set in an alternative universe known as the Lands of the Dreams of Men .
va	PRES	Her stories whisk even the sickest children off to a better place .
va	PRES	" And the sunglasses ? "
va	PAST	He recited this tale without any shock in his voice -- and indeed , I could have told him several dozen variations upon it .
va	PRES	Behind her , the apartment block burns .
va	PAST	Everyone escaped , fortunately , but the inn was a loss .
va	PRES	She reads to us every Wednesday . '
va	PAST	The pressure on her temples increased sharply , and then suddenly faded .
va	PAST	" But as soon as you could , I 'm guessing you developed a plan to get out of the situation ? "
va	PAST	Bird shit caked the top like sprinkles on an ice cream cone .
va	PRES	" Of course she matters .
va	PAST	" We won 't be starving , that 's for sure , " Pasha noted , after examining the contents of their " fridge . "
va	PRES	And she regretted that .
va	PRES	" And I suspect Gregor is involved too .
va	PRES	" I 'm not really nak * d , " Adam tells me .
va	PAST	His entire tribe sold off their land , collectively , but he won 't budge .
va	PAST	She patted her husband 's thigh to modulate any insult inherent in the words .
va	PAST	The coolness washed over him , welcomed him .
va	PRES	As they stand contemplating their situation and the future , a muffled thump catches their attention .
va	PRES	She tucks her cropped hair behind her ears and launches into a heated discussion with Calliope .
va	PAST	Small hints of blue sparkled at me like stars in the twilight sky .
va	PAST	Her fierce expression scanned the crowd inside and immediately found me .
va	PRES	In rainy Seattle , Gaia finally meets the man of her dreams , but he proves to be ... otherworldly .
va	PRES	It also provides for greater power and allows you to use the other end as a weapon as well . "
va	PAST	Mack patted her on the ass and left her standing with her mouth open .
va	PRES	I suggest you try it .
va	PRES	" To what do I owe this honor ? "
va	PAST	They dived around the back of the van and the two of us followed .
va	PRES	You create quite an uproar wherever you go . "
va	PAST	When I peer at him through my lashes , I find him looking down at me , his full lips parted just slightly .
va	PAST	Over drinks and during dinner they discussed in more detail the possibilities of a potential mutual relationship .
va	PRES	Lucy shoots me a quick glance and then turns back to Madame Antoinette .
va	PRES	" Is Lila still sending you on those dates ? "
va	PAST	" Werewolves lose their modesty pretty fast , " Kathy Jo informed me as she pushed me toward the bed .
va	PRES	" Pretty interesting , huh .
va	PAST	the front one literally sneered at me .
va	PAST	The step up to the verandah was short and solid , a welcome thud as opposed to a sloppy slush .
va	PRES	Although shocked , a shadow of a smile emerges on his lips .
va	PAST	Its broad view of the sparkling ocean boosted her spirits .
va	PAST	Noelle draped her body over his , resting her head on his chest .
va	PRES	She spat between the bleacher slats to clear the accumulated tastes from her mouth .
va	PRES	He leads me to a large interview room with a view over the lake .
va	PAST	Gray herded the others away , leaving the cleanup to the approaching emergency crews .
va	PRES	" Yeah , that figures .
va	PAST	The child switched her attention to the printed menu that the steward had unwisely left behind .
va	PAST	Grenville contained himself until we 'd gone half a mile .
va	PAST	on TV , launched a series of appeals , but his desperate search had been unsuccessful .
va	PAST	I cursed my ill fortune and lack of personal control .
va	PRES	My eyes stretch wide .
va	PAST	She introduced herself , stepping forward and offering each of the Hendrickson brothers her hand .
va	PAST	Shooting my uncle a quick grin , I darted around him .
va	PRES	" For the pills . "
va	PAST	Slipping his hands in his trousers pockets , Daemon wandered over to a window .
va	PRES	History repeats itself . "
va	PRES	I raise a glass to him .
va	PAST	Eve 's tears dried up and left a feverish anger in their place .
va	PAST	Mari 's lips parted .
va	PAST	Catcher snorted and closed his book , then slid back in his chair and linked his hands behind his head .
va	PRES	For Sugar Skulls ? "
va	PAST	Moonlight streamed in through the front window .
va	PRES	No one moves , almost as if they are afraid to approach the beast 's fur .
va	PRES	' Poor old devil .
va	PAST	His eyes raked her up and down and she was sure he could see her heart pounding in her chest .
va	PRES	Sometimes I pity myself the same way I did Aunt Edna , and I think I 'm just a silly bitch .
va	PAST	His heart ached at the sight of it .
va	PAST	I staggered to my feet , still holding the sagging undergarment in place .
va	PAST	Astrid dropped into a chair beside her , her face scrunched with worry and exhaustion .
va	PRES	Brother , I require your knowledge .
va	PAST	Jax flinched at the discordant notes , but he didn 't say anything .
va	PRES	Tom informs me that DI Bramley has raised a sting team and will be heading up to Furness Green tonight in preparation for tomorrow .
va	PRES	If you will just - " " I have declared my answer , Strength .
va	PRES	" Well Mr. Smith , Corporal Smith if you prefer ... " I was digging and waited for a response .
va	PAST	" He looks a little hungry , " Blue commented .
va	PAST	She snatched them out of the air .
va	PRES	" It creates the programs like the one in your office so it won 't be bothered by organics like yourself and I .
va	PRES	This discussion will be of some length , I suspect . "
va	PRES	One of the older men pulls her aside , " why did you go back for that monkey ? "
va	PAST	He smirked at her , and then without any further prompting , he poured some salt onto the spot .
va	PAST	He 's normally not like this , " I stammered as I felt my cheeks grow hot from embarrassment and anger .
va	PAST	" My sister and I traveled together for a while after Advent happened .
va	PAST	Slowly , he pivoted around .
va	PRES	Orson splashes me with water , and I splash it back onto his skinny prepubescent legs .
va	PRES	A part of me moans that I should have quit when the mood was broken but I ignore it .
va	PRES	Suspicions hardened her veins .
va	PAST	With slowing strokes , he shuddered and his body relaxed .
va	PAST	His nose streamed blood .
va	PAST	He honked his horn .
va	PRES	" Don 't talk to her , " Nan spat .
va	PAST	Brown curls sprinkled with grey .
va	PAST	I grimaced at the thought of my mother in the Pit .
va	PRES	He tethered the horses .
va	PRES	He spat out the tack .
va	PAST	I leafed through some of her higher profile cases , most of which took place in Europe .
va	PRES	" The draining of energy fro ... other people . "
va	PRES	With someone else in the office who had a stake in things , the solo stress Nash carried around with him was already easing .
va	PRES	My head spins as it recounts the patients ' stories concerning the murderous , shadowy figures and the rescuing illuminated figures offering salvation .
va	PRES	" Come on , Rollie !
va	PRES	Blaze drops to his knees screaming , fire flying in every direction .
va	PAST	That string was tied around a beautiful crystal , the end sharpened like an arrowhead .
va	PAST	It crackled in the room , this awareness she felt , an inexorable drawing toward him .
va	PRES	But not usually that glamorous . "
va	PRES	Brooke spit out just before the door shut in her face .
va	PRES	Gabriel knocks down the vampire now grabbing him while lighting another 's shirt on fire .
va	PRES	Pyotr , he runs the mines , and when he overheard me talking about minerals ' qualities , he said I belonged in school .
va	PAST	An irreverent gleam sparkled in the older woman 's gaze .
va	PAST	The laughter of the old martial artist fueled something deep inside Ranma .
va	PRES	Guilt , love , humiliation .
va	PAST	Slowly , agonizingly so , I pieced together an image of the bedroom in my mind .
va	PRES	I kick my legs , trying to buck my body out of the chair , but I 'm too lethargic .
va	PAST	The rock tore off the skin on my fingers , but I didn 't feel any pain .
va	PAST	She scrunched her forehead as she studied him .
va	PAST	Colin straightened and gave her a lopsided smile .
va	PAST	Christine wiggled her eyebrows , a huge smile on her face .
va	PRES	" Ah , a woman who demands obedience , " he mocked .
va	PAST	In shorts and a T-shirt , Deni planted new bedding flowers Will had brought home for her .
va	PRES	" None of which matters now .
va	PAST	Muscles rippled at the bottom corners of his face .
va	PAST	Lightning arced across the sky and split open the heavens .
va	PRES	The drums were still beating , louder now , the sound pummeling my skin .
va	PAST	As he was escorted out of the courtroom , Dan scanned the room , aware that something was up but not at all sure what was different .
va	PAST	Her knuckles whitened as her fingers dug into his collarbone .
va	PAST	Sure enough , after a couple of minutes , the chief escorted the boys to the town 's jail .
va	PRES	Fiona pulls her comforter up over her head .
va	PAST	Nobody , no matter how patriotic , ever planted natives along the road ; too apt to drop their limbs and squash somebody .
va	PAST	In her high school drill team , she not only performed dance routines , but twirled as well .
va	PRES	" Yes , " I grunt .
va	PAST	Ezra nudged her , pointing to a corner of the room not far from the archway .
va	PRES	' No , as a soldier . '
va	PRES	" Mr. Singer . "
va	PAST	She drifted into a fitful sleep and awoke unsatisfied that she had slept at all .
va	PRES	Jay pulls me to the knock over the bottles booth and I get myself back into the game .
va	PRES	And , then , it ends .
va	PAST	She squared her shoulders and adjusted her utility belt .
va	PRES	" A hostage ? "
va	PRES	" You hunted her down ?
va	PRES	" They 're taking a girl out , " Sarah tells her .
va	PAST	David straightened up and looked around , unsure of what to say next .
va	PRES	Then , he aims his finger toward the ceiling where there are massive teddy bears hanging by strings .
va	PRES	Irwin 's treat . "
va	PRES	Marshall cocks his head to the side .
va	PRES	Hot anger stings , he thought , but it 's cold anger that kills .
va	PAST	" Tell me about it , " Leah grumbled .
va	PRES	Thus I relinquished my neatly packed suitcase and laptop bag to my rather odd companion .
va	PRES	Somebody with similar , ah , abilities . "
va	PRES	Genius to the chicken industry Gene .
va	PAST	She longed to do it .
va	PAST	She grumbled and sighed , looking down the latest news .
va	PRES	Mai instructs as the boy ducks to the side , dodging the simple strike with ease .
va	PRES	She feeds off the blood of our children . "
va	PAST	" Hi , Linda , " Pigeon stammered .
va	PAST	Finally it popped up , sending him sprawling outside onto his chest .
va	PAST	A car speeding toward them honked and swerved .
va	PAST	My uncle , instead of just poking around , questioned Josh .
va	PAST	Lil counted out two packs three times .
va	PRES	She pulled at him again , craving him , insistent that he continue .
va	PAST	Behind the smiling Hunter trotted the Apprentice .
va	PRES	' He cares about you , dear . '
va	PRES	She drops her attention to her quilt , as if to prove a point .
va	PAST	Claire flipped over and scrambled to her feet , running for the edge .
va	PRES	Sounds easy enough . "
va	PRES	" So even the Devil desires good deeds ?
va	PAST	She snatches her fingers back as the pendant jumps from her hand and bounces across the room .
va	PAST	His voice sharpened , sleep falling away .
va	PRES	Serena meets the eyes of the king .
va	PAST	The guards whirled from the computer , reaching for their guns .
va	PRES	My dick rests against her ass and I have to stop the urge to thrust my hips .
va	PAST	" The ninjas got me , " she whined from beneath her leaves .
va	PRES	Meredith exclaims with exasperation .
va	PAST	I stammered on the verge of tears .
va	PAST	She cupped her face in her hands and sobbed .
va	PRES	the cat whistled forward , the weighted ends coiling about the upper body of the prisoner and ripping into skin and muscle .
va	PAST	He staggered down the stairs and out into the cold night .
va	PAST	" I don " t allow my boys to do it .
va	PAST	She moaned again before answering .
va	PRES	' But I suspect he may have retained a key to his old dealership when he sold it , or maybe he stole one back !
va	PAST	He longed for a more simple life and that drew him to reflecting about what he 'd do for work in the spring .
va	PRES	" An epic poem . "
va	PRES	" I keep my distance from that life , " he adds , his eyes skimming from my waist to my face .
va	PAST	Mentally , Dr. Green noted the location of the tenderness .
va	PRES	Onwards it rolls , forging deep and dark tracks of thought and action .
va	PAST	The butterfly fluttered out of sight followed by a blinding white light that flooded the hotel room causing them both to shield their eyes .
va	PAST	I scratched at my skin till it became sore .
va	PRES	" You at least owe me a chance to explain , especially after what your brother did . "
va	PAST	Blue water glistened along the shoreline .
va	PAST	His fingers dug into her hips .
va	PRES	She gestures for me to enter .
va	PAST	He grimaced , as though guessing my thoughts .
va	PRES	" Trent barely speaks to me .
va	PAST	Chapter Seventeen After the officer dropped me off at home , I staggered back to bed and had a fitful sleep .
va	PRES	She pulls her hand away .
va	PRES	" The RG always matters .
va	PRES	" Jump out a window , " he mumbles under his breath .
va	PAST	All those competing colors whirled about in her head , and sounds of the sea seemed to follow her heartbeat softly , insistently .
va	PAST	Time melted and stretched and curved .
va	PAST	Her heart ached every moment .
va	PAST	Pam patted a girl on the shoulder .
va	PAST	After that , she counted again to three and moved a little further .
va	PRES	The cord to the heating pad slips down my arm and sways by my legs .
va	PRES	" No , we weren 't very good friends , " she tells me finally .
va	PAST	I conceived of these witnesses as set apart , incorruptible , unaccountable , but on the side of the good , the merciful , the protective . "
va	PRES	Neither of us speaks as he inhales and exhales puff after puff and the heater drowns out the chill in the air as he cracks his window .
va	PRES	A searchlight shines on the ground .
va	PRES	He growls as he launches himself forward , crashing down on top of me .
va	PRES	The vodka burns going down but it hits the spot .
va	PAST	He sneered and I knew he had judged me guilty .
va	PRES	Michael , the archangel intends to set things right .
va	PRES	His hand moves another inch up the bare skin of my thigh .
va	PAST	Dave scanned the bag with his x-ray vision .
va	PRES	" May I introduce Mia Turner .
va	PAST	The evening lasted a bit longer than expected , and she noticed a few stifled yawns during her second stint on the violin .
va	PRES	" Unless ... " " Unless what ? "
va	PRES	But when Colleen saw him , a disapproving scowl settled over her features .
va	PRES	Nobody listens to me . '
va	PRES	But not without drawing the dragons ' ire , prompting them to turn their attentions downward at the irritating albeit harmless attempted attacks .
va	PRES	The quarter moon shines brightly upon the fortress , illuminating the entire structure and the man standing atop it .
va	PRES	I pout and they both laugh at me .
va	PRES	The upside-down river covers over half of the doorway , meaning the boy would have to crawl through if he intended to progress right away .
va	PRES	After a short time he finally breaks the silence .
va	PRES	" The rainbows ? "
va	PAST	He spit out a mouthful of chew as he approached us .
va	PRES	And no one understands Tasha . "
va	PRES	Off I go . "
va	PAST	Tessa clapped and then handed Seth a package .
va	PRES	The building hummed with the kind of subliminal background noises you find in any packed dwelling in a big city .
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry about Albert , " adds Ella .
va	PRES	The less he had to do with these superstitious savages the better .
va	PAST	" Well , that went about as well as could be expected , " he grumbled .
va	PRES	" Barret 's stupid , " Briar spat .
va	PRES	The Great Mother . "
va	PAST	Suddenly flames erupted on board the merchant ship .
va	PAST	He just flipped him off and kept walking .
va	PRES	Think you can help me ? "
va	PAST	A shudder racked his body .
va	PAST	She popped her jaw .
va	PAST	Out in the hall , Carlos latched onto my arm and nearly yanked it out of its socket .
va	PRES	" Don 't worry so much , Mother .
va	PAST	I cursed and sent a sharp command , shutting up the customers and immobilizing them .
va	PRES	The darkness swims in his eyes slower and slower , but nobody else seems to notice .
va	PAST	Her body flushed all over .
va	PRES	" In accordance with the formal union contract , the bride requests a full accounting of her duties . "
va	PRES	It reminds people he might die . "
va	PRES	" Don 't worry , Kali .
va	PRES	" Not much of a rules keeper huh ?
va	PRES	" Whatever you think , Eugene . "
va	PRES	He spat blood on the floor .
va	PAST	Nearly hopping up and down in her excitement Daisy clapped her hands together .
va	PRES	His attention lingers on my chest and then he blinks , fixing his eyes on my face .
va	PAST	Like he belonged with the Bronco and with me .
va	PAST	After a time Herr 'D on halted and glanced about warily .
va	PAST	A few joggers paced through the park , but no one other than me sat and kept his distance .
va	PRES	I prefer to go to the kelp for the now , not the then . "
va	PRES	" Can we have pancakes first ? "
va	PRES	The Wes lookalike jumps between us .
va	PAST	" Yes , I popped the captain .
va	PAST	Fight or flight , I just longed to be free of the whole situation .
va	PRES	Maybe it ' s their look of curiosity that startles me .
va	PRES	A smile breaks in his face and although I know it 's forced , I just smile back and accept it .
va	PRES	I poke around the bathroom as the tub fills with hot water , and discover stacks and stacks of scented soaps .
va	PRES	You owe me for the stuff , so come on , just a quick suck .
va	PAST	" Alright ... " Seth rounded another corner and Erin 's taillights came into view a couple of blocks ahead of them .
va	PRES	" Trini , I want you to aim for the center dot .
va	PAST	He lunged ; I blocked .
va	PRES	His nak * d form blurs in and out of her vision as he walks away from her body .
va	PAST	Her eyes drifted to the floor with shame .
va	PAST	She straightened her spine .
va	PRES	He pats his hands up and down a series of doors .
va	PAST	Several more giggles erupted from her side of the class , but before I could say anything , Lesa shot the blonde a look .
va	PRES	" Wow , " Dunleavy mumbles , as if in shock .
va	PRES	Her response catches me off guard .
va	PRES	she spat , indignant at the mere suggestion .
va	PRES	Marcus yells , as he flicks the switch and drops the automatic anchor , knowing it won 't reach the bottom , but will stabilize the boat .
va	PRES	He guided her to sit back on the couch , took her arm , and finished the stitching while she tried not to scream .
va	PAST	His craving to see her face intensified .
va	PAST	Her scent beckoned him as much as the rush of her blood beneath her skin .
va	PAST	" Do not speak to me like that , " she intoned , not even stepping back an inch .
va	PAST	Somehow Lauren maintained her composure .
va	PRES	Cricket wipes the crumbs from his lips with his long fingers .
va	PAST	' Hmm , I didn 't know they employed colonials at Claridge 's , ' commented Oliver .
va	PAST	Then he reeled out of the shop .
va	PRES	I suspect this might 've been a mistake .
va	PRES	We realise that there will be some unavoidable losses .
va	PAST	Pulling in an exceptionally deep breath , he expanded his lungs well beyond their natural state , almost to the point of pain .
va	PAST	Hope surged through me at her words - bright , beautiful , shining hope .
va	PAST	The woman at the computer smirked and went back to downloading data .
va	PAST	She straightened her posture but still managed to look calm and in control .
va	PRES	My brain jumps to the millions of projects it would take to make a place like this look new .
va	PAST	" I assure you that I am in top health .
va	PRES	Sounds like burnout . "
va	PRES	" How about it uncle ?
va	PRES	" Sounds like you were a good friend to her .
va	PRES	He spoils everything . "
va	PRES	" I want my mouth here , " he growls .
va	PRES	My breath catches at the raw heat in his eyes , even though I am not sure I can take another pounding quite so soon . '
va	PRES	Without turning , he says , " Find him , Daniel ! "
va	PAST	All the stress of the last week , of all the days back in his time drifted away as he blinded her with his passion .
va	PAST	The same stains stuck to the floor , along with pools of blood dotted around the many cells entrances .
va	PRES	The Deacon lifts his hand in benediction .
va	PRES	I reckon it 's some sort of control unit . "
va	PAST	Images of Duncan distracted her like a magic spell .
va	PAST	Out of habit , he thumbed the switch .
va	PAST	Instead , they tended to use weapons that were common to mercenaries , terrorists and insurgents .
va	PRES	" In the cupboard . "
va	PRES	Duval bites back an oath and stands to pace .
va	PRES	My eyes dart to Trystan .
va	PRES	" This broad is capable of such a simple task , " she mocked .
va	PAST	Her face flushed with heat and her eyes felt like they grew to the size of saucers .
va	PAST	His beautiful eyes beckoned me to remain locked in his hypnotizing gaze .
va	PRES	Julian pulls some out of the fridge and waves it at us as he walks out .
va	PAST	Grey smoke obscured the view .
va	PRES	Sean whispered though he knew he couldn 't be heard by anyone over the screeching from the TV or the ching noises emanating from the pokies room .
va	PRES	Seems inevitable where you 're from . "
va	PRES	He pulls down the collar of his shirt to reveal the sliver of crinkled pink flesh which brands the curve of his pectoral muscle .
va	PAST	He planted a kick to the gut , which doubled his opponent forward .
va	PRES	He runs his fingers between mine over and over as he talks .
va	PAST	Waves surged over her feet , soaking her shoes .
va	PAST	He scowled at the stupid fellow in the shed .
va	PRES	but I 'm shouting , " Finn ! "
va	PAST	The sheriff poked his head above the protection of the steel car door .
va	PAST	I coughed into my hand and tucked my hair behind my ear then tried to offer a noncommittal shrug .
va	PAST	Walter Prentice " Oh , my God . "
va	PAST	The muscles in his ridged arms clamped against her , the hard muscles of his body rippled beneath his clothes .
va	PRES	He hops out and flips the seat forward .
va	PAST	She winked at him over her shoulder and ducked into the bathroom .
va	PRES	Her head rests against my back , and suddenly everything else takes a backseat to the simple pleasure of having Olivia pressed against me .
va	PRES	So he pokes his rabbit head inside the box .
va	PAST	She marched across the room and perched on the edge of his bed .
va	PRES	Right now , he believes you 're dead , so we have one shot at surprising him . "
va	PRES	Nope , just avoiding desperate men .
va	PRES	No one speaks of these things .
va	PRES	All hell breaks loose when no one is looking .
va	PAST	Bob actually rode a bike with her along the seawall .
va	PAST	Richard carefully inspected the fern and shook his head in amazement .
va	PAST	If you 're destined to be a vampire - " He shuddered .
va	PAST	He fixed two plates , heaping each with what had to be an entire rabbit .
va	PRES	Like I said , abandonment issues . "
va	PAST	" Naomi ... " Pope hummed and shook his head and began to pace around again .
va	PRES	I intend for both of you to live .
va	PAST	He shuddered , groaned and continued the incredible assault on her senses .
va	PRES	When I put it back to my ear , I say , " My roommate locks me out on a regular basis .
va	PAST	As I hit the sheets , I unwrapped my legs from around him .
va	PAST	Brady smirked , and she wondered what devious thought he was thinking .
va	PAST	Loneliness flooded me , utter solitude .
va	PRES	" I don 't know , Ellie .
va	PRES	It proves they 've been used .
va	PRES	He hid his smile as he watched Mrs. Summers hold Shelly back until Father Hummer preceded them into Mikhail 's house .
va	PRES	I jerk my head around and stare at Aimee .
va	PAST	Or much at all , his tone implied .
va	PRES	" I take your life again , O Flame .
va	PRES	Shiv moves away and after half an hour , he comes back with a plate of food for her .
va	PRES	She tells us his name , but it doesn 't register with either of us .
va	PRES	The old man hid her identity and faked her death .
va	PAST	She clapped her hands in excitement .
va	PAST	Of course , she showered this morning so she should be acceptable .
va	PAST	Tabitha blushed at his almost backhanded compliment , embarrassed by the hungry look in his eyes .
va	PRES	She rolls her eyes .
va	PRES	' Carrion regardless , as you might say . '
va	PAST	Lara halted abruptly a few feet from him , a roaring in her ears and a vice around her heart .
va	PRES	" I was not content with the known , " he tells her .
va	PAST	" I should finish up with Charlie , " I croaked after an awkwardly long moment stretched between us .
va	PRES	The brown one , with the red mane . "
va	PAST	" They did , " I informed him .
va	PRES	President Shepherd abruptly slaps the table , startling everyone but Roper , then ejects himself from his chair and heads towards the door .
va	PRES	" After you , Miss Montgomery . "
va	PRES	" Is Hannah here ? "
va	PAST	As they raced along , the sun dipped below the western horizon , and shadows became muted in the softer light .
va	PAST	" He was at Francis 's house the night you performed the search .
va	PRES	" She usually writes obituaries , Mom . "
va	PAST	They raced , tried a strange form of water ballet , and finally ended up clinging to the bars that ran the full length of the pool .
va	PRES	" Glad you could make it , Sergeant . "
va	PRES	" Everything battles lest everything dies . "
va	PRES	" No -- " She hissed , cutting me off .
va	PAST	The Jewish boy 's persistent uncle now loomed large at his side .
va	PRES	Actually , it rather pleases me . "
va	PAST	His strong , tanned fingers cupped her chin and gently turned her face to his .
va	PRES	Another voice , male , vaguely familiar .
va	PRES	What sort of book ends with me in the porcelain room with you , or with our play ? '
va	PRES	Lu 's voice drops to a silken whisper , like the noise of a snake through the grass .
va	PAST	" I don 't mind , " I moaned , not caring and not thinking .
va	PAST	" Left it at home .
va	PRES	" Now Sofie , you 're not being completely honest , " Mortimer mocked .
va	PAST	Its onyx eyes shined with kindness and intelligence .
va	PRES	A tiny smile pulls at the corners of his mouth .
va	PRES	" May I suggest that this is your problem and not mine ? "
va	PRES	* * * The house smelled like herbs .
va	PRES	He stands up and pulls me to my feet , then leads me up the stairs to his room .
va	PAST	Crime lords , terrorists , and plenty of other members of the criminal underworld hired them for tracking down people they wanted , and for killing them .
va	PRES	He slips through the lobby and onto a noisy elevator packed with partying guests , riding it up to the top floor .
va	PAST	Chad lunged at Sali , snapping his teeth at him .
va	PAST	He rode with amazing grace and skill .
va	PAST	An older woman wandered by completely naked .
va	PAST	Without warning , he whirled round and pointed at the lake .
va	PAST	Hart cupped her shoulders , hands warm through her damp bodice .
va	PAST	My laughter trailing behind me , I raced into the nearby woods .
va	PAST	' I guess it will do , ' she scrunched her lips as she looked at him .
va	PRES	" So , Miss Perry , what would you like to talk about today ?
va	PAST	" Lord Jason is unharmed , " the kneeling guard assured him .
va	PAST	We boarded the plane with several other passengers .
va	PRES	With your help , I intend to see that she doesn 't have to . "
va	PRES	No one tells me to go away ! "
va	PRES	Because they had the baddest , most dangerous prisoners there .
va	PRES	Juliet yanks my arm and forces me around .
va	PAST	Sweat popped out on her face , trickling into her eyes , and pain made her breathing quick and shallow .
va	PRES	I owe him cuz he was there , even when he needed help , too .
va	PRES	Nine T he black Lincoln limo gleaming beneath a streetlight tempted Nadia more than chocolate when she stepped out of the library late Monday night .
va	PRES	" It also implies that someone knew Brad was planning to kill you . "
va	PRES	" That wretched jewelry tells me everything . "
va	PRES	In the near distance runs a river of bubbling lava .
va	PAST	Groat patted the surprised Moist on the arm . '
va	PAST	Both his hands cupped Tammy 's face and he wondered ... He slowly leaned forward and placed his lips on hers briefly .
va	PAST	She stammered out , " My mom and dad are Above .
va	PRES	Something wet rolls down my cheek .
va	PAST	Griff grimaced , and snapped , " Look !
va	PAST	" Yeah , no good , " Rick interjected .
va	PAST	Rick winked at her .
va	PAST	They noted this and my shyness down to my medical documents at the psychiatry .
va	PRES	" Who cares ? "
va	PAST	Pointing it at the ground in the glade , she thumbed across its edge .
va	PRES	" How to heal .
va	PRES	Yes , a square opening , which she had not seen , laboring behind the heavy steamer .
va	PRES	" You know , she kind of reminds me of you . "
va	PAST	She winced at his sour breath .
va	PRES	Let ´ s have some fun , " Danica responds .
va	PAST	Excitement and the thrill of battle bubbled beneath Toren 's skin .
va	PRES	" There you go , Grant .
va	PRES	He barely speaks to me anymore . "
va	PAST	She flushed but didn 't shake him off .
va	PRES	Damn parasites ... " she said angrily .
va	PRES	A cell phone sends a signal to a cell tower every five minutes .
va	PRES	It ... breaks me . "
va	PRES	I probably owe her the exact opposite .
va	PRES	When we get there , she aims straight for the kitchen , saying , " Help yourself to anything . "
va	PAST	He nervously revised his earlier thoughts .
va	PAST	Delilah blushed on cue and giggled .
va	PRES	" You slaughtered your pet , Meatloaf , in front of our security cameras . "
va	PRES	' Night , " I toss back .
va	PRES	I scoot then sit in an empty chair .
va	PRES	" Oh God , it burns . "
va	PRES	I struggle to catch up to him .
va	PAST	My chest swelled and I felt like pounding it with pride .
va	PAST	He surrendered , throwing his hands in the air .
va	PRES	" For your friends the dwarves ?
va	PRES	They enter a corridor and then an elevator .
va	PRES	Curious , he lowers it from her mouth .
va	PRES	" Public transit ? "
va	PAST	Jack grimaced in sympathy .
va	PAST	She moved , Royce noted grimly , with the provocative grace of a courtesan , not a nun .
va	PAST	" Actually , " Ted said , " I suspected that this ship was made to travel through a black hole for some time . "
va	PAST	Refusing to glance in the mirror , he marched out like a penguin on parade and simmered with temper .
va	PRES	" Simon , can you call in a few cats to help us out ? "
va	PRES	She quickly realizes that her enduring belief that she was adopted is in doubt .
va	PAST	Irony maintained her equality campaign .
va	PAST	Desperately he longed for his dark side to come to the surface .
va	PRES	" I got shot , " she mumbles out loud .
va	PAST	I spit out another spoonful again .
va	PRES	" Let me feed you , Commander , " she whispered , then slowly she used her finger to feed him the whipped cream .
va	PAST	He poked her stomach and shook his head .
va	PAST	Lauren bristled at the memory .
va	PAST	I poked a cherry around .
va	PRES	A sign indicates the way to additional restrooms down a carpeted flight of stairs .
va	PRES	Radcliffe 's lips tighten and he opens his mouth to argue , but takes another look at me and just shakes his head .
va	PRES	In microwave melt together chocolate chips and butter .
va	PAST	Stephen 's eyes sparkled .
va	PAST	Gabriel positioned his body over hers so that he could feel the cool satin of her skin against the unbearable heat of his .
va	PRES	Someone tries to murder you , Paul even shoots you .
va	PAST	His fingers dug into the tight muscles of my neck and I tilted my head back .
va	PAST	She shuddered delicately before sitting up and smoothing out her curls .
va	PRES	" Something tells me not to touch that statement . "
va	PAST	Addy suspected there was trouble in paradise again .
va	PRES	" Head wounds tend to bleed a lot , but it 's already stopped .
va	PRES	" Don 't come looking for us , " my father tells me .
va	PRES	March pulls me across his lap , and we tangle in the blanket Constance wrapped around us .
va	PAST	He rode north to Florence and conferred with Machiavelli , though he did not tell him all that he knew .
va	PAST	He complained about the cows wandering where they would and making a mess wherever they went but what did he expect ?
va	PAST	Danny flushed with anger .
va	PRES	" Ta da ! "
va	PRES	The trial drones on and on .
va	PAST	Sean sheathed his sword , worked his fingers between the cuff and Fionn 's gloved wrist , and twisted one handcuff open .
va	PAST	Clive escorted her up a long service corridor that ran the length of the function rooms in the upper palace .
va	PRES	Then a red haze .
va	PRES	" Seems needlessly dangerous . "
va	PAST	It was soon dark , Peter and I undressed and climbed into our bed .
va	PAST	Another shiver raked her and she frowned .
va	PRES	A nagging feeling that things are about to go brilliantly wrong grazes along my nerves .
va	PRES	" Message fer ya . "
va	PRES	' A child link . '
va	PRES	Her entire body trembles .
va	PAST	" Figures , " Jared grumbled .
va	PAST	She dipped her hands in the stream .
va	PRES	She adds quietly with pleading eyes , " I need both of you to go back .
va	PAST	John scowled and thought of Susan .
va	PAST	He patted the pockets of his shorts .
va	PAST	She wheezed a breathless thank-you when someone caught her under the arms and lifted her to her feet like a child .
va	PAST	Before Murdoch could even formulate a response to this , Nikolai delivered yet another bombshell .
va	PRES	" Yes , of course , Sabrina .
va	PRES	Two knocks sounded at my door and I didn 't need two guesses to figure out that it was Alicia .
va	PRES	She leads us into the formal dining room which is dripping with gardenias and roses and lit candles are everywhere .
va	PAST	Her voice drifted off as if she fought the memory of her past and she shook her head .
va	PRES	He tilted her head back to look at him .
va	PAST	He retraced his steps to the entrance .
va	PRES	... Jeez , Gabe ... The party 's next week . "
va	PRES	" Do not trust them , Evangeline .
va	PRES	That breaks up their little party and Trystan is free of them .
va	PRES	She tucks her face against my throat and snuggles in , purring like a contented cat .
va	PAST	Freckles dotted her cheeks and the bridge of her nose .
va	PAST	Tavi noted , for the first time , that their eyes were now on a level with one another .
va	PAST	Jace darted toward Isabelle just as she slumped forward .
va	PRES	" I 'm just out of practice , " Noah adds .
va	PRES	" What about Drew ? "
va	PRES	As soon as he steps inside , the horse charges him .
va	PAST	The forest parted and they found themselves on a rutted dirt and cobblestone road , one that looked like it had been used a great deal .
va	PRES	he repeats in a bark .
va	PAST	He arched up into her , going even deeper inside .
va	PRES	" If time is purely perception then why even use clocks to measure it ?
va	PRES	You flatter yourself . "
va	PRES	I peek over , and yes , he 's staring .
va	PRES	I manage to get an arm free and tickle him back , but the bastard isn 't ticklish .
va	PRES	His gaze wanders past the wall into oblivion , reliving the moment .
va	PRES	" These contain probably more than you will want to know .
va	PRES	' Good dialogue , but the plot is a little dull . '
va	PAST	I shied backward a bit , but our faces were still super close together , our legs practically tangled .
va	PRES	" An Empty ? "
va	PRES	" You hunt angels . "
va	PRES	" Wolves , " he said in his intellectual voice , " hunt in packs .
va	PAST	He scrunched his eyebrow , trying to figure out where to begin .
va	PAST	His knives clattered against the stone floor .
va	PRES	It reminds me of the night at the party , except this time is different .
va	PRES	The way she treats you . "
va	PAST	She flipped a light switch .
va	PAST	Maggie 's face shuttered instantly and the grim set of her lips was all the answer I needed .
va	PRES	" Low-level entities tend to favor werewolves , Sam . "
va	PRES	Her smile switches from genuine to professional in a wink .
va	PAST	He plucked the key from her fingers , unlocked the door , and ushered her inside .
va	PRES	" Hold her hair , " Ria instructs , cradling the tearful Albert .
va	PAST	One of them clapped his hands together and started rubbing them as if he were cold .
va	PRES	Devon waits for her to answer .
va	PRES	The winged cap he wore hid most of his hair , but light brown wisps poked out from underneath .
va	PRES	It tells everyone you beat me !
va	PRES	[ 23 ] But they were asking her things .
va	PAST	She tilted her head to the side , pointed and mouthed the words , ' Do I know you ? '
va	PRES	And people taking risks to do what they believe in . '
va	PRES	Martyrs tend to win the best reputations .
va	PRES	Carolina , with a look of complete loathing directed at the newcomer , runs after him , leaving the entire dining room stunned .
va	PAST	Through eyes that wouldn 't focus he scanned ceiling and walls .
va	PRES	His Adam 's apple bobs up and down as he gulps .
va	PAST	His secretary straightened out her desk in a fidgety kind of way .
va	PRES	What marks us as being better than our predecessors is that we can overcome it .
va	PRES	And on a personal level it matters to me what Kate wants to do , where she wants to go .
va	PRES	he yells , fingers curling over the edges of the opening .
va	PRES	I hid and then one of the men broke my window .
va	PAST	He cupped her face in his palms .
va	PRES	He reminds me of Billy ... " Kacey , this is Ben , " Storm introduces us .
va	PRES	" But Shawn tells me there was shouting in your study . "
va	PAST	One breath we rode in a summer meadow , the next we clattered on stone , and were before the jeweled doors .
va	PRES	Once again , Pat waits in the car .
va	PRES	Her top lip curls in disgust .
va	PRES	" I owe you two a very great favor .
va	PAST	She jostled Joshua until the baby started to settle , his eyelids growing heavier , thank God .
va	PRES	Trinity deserved everything she got , " Devon spat bitterly .
va	PRES	' I reckon things cain 't be much worse than they are here . '
va	PAST	Mab and Esme huddled in it .
va	PAST	He also wrote about the Pleiades .
va	PAST	He patted her familiarly on the bottom .
va	PAST	He winked at me as he stood .
va	PRES	A very important task and a very important existence . "
va	PRES	" Ah yes , see hypocrisy incarnate !
va	PRES	" This matters not .
va	PAST	Jordan skated past and waved .
va	PAST	Dollop 's knee contacted Hugo 's jaw .
va	PRES	Joshua hid his face under the blanket .
va	PRES	The oldest still burns with rage and despair and an overpowering need for vengeance . "
va	PAST	Ernie getting fed up with chess because I always beat him .
va	PAST	Marlon and Pandora bristled under their mother 's penetrating stare , feeling uncomfortable .
va	PRES	" Over three months working here and still can 't carry a tray without dropping it huh ? "
va	PAST	Amelia and Allegra drifted away from the table toward their beds .
va	PAST	Ngozi hummed to herself as I walked .
va	PRES	The doctor picks up the vial and takes a pen out of her pocket to write on its small white label .
va	PAST	His lips glistened as he took a drink of cold water .
va	PAST	He raked their audience with a sweeping glance .
va	PAST	Her short nails dug into his skin and a quiet whimper slipped free .
va	PRES	Just spit it out ! "
va	PRES	I grunt and watch for a minute , wondering if he 's going to buy the shit she 's shoveling .
va	PRES	She haunts the castle , although I 'm not sure haunt is the right word .
va	PAST	When she left to use the restroom I texted Macon .
va	PAST	I inserted the new firing pins for sure fire , and new barrels for extra accurate aim .
va	PAST	I showered and changed , and with less than an hour to go fell soundly asleep on the bed .
va	PAST	Something about the intensity in his blue eyes captivated me .
va	PAST	She flexed her fingers , digging her fingernails just a bit into his muscled chest .
va	PAST	I yanked the keys out and kicked open the door .
va	PAST	Shadows lurched and crawled and slithered , piling one atop the other , likely drawn by the blood of the injured inside .
va	PRES	He lifts a small plastic bag .
va	PAST	She positioned herself near his head and extended her hand .
va	PRES	Then she studies her sharp knees in blue jeans .
va	PAST	" Well Cody , you 're in a cave , " Tom smirked .
va	PAST	Bri staggered her way back to where we were and collapsed onto the couch .
va	PRES	Elliott sets a cup of tea near Will 's feet , then settles down and pulls me into his arms .
va	PRES	" Dangerous secrets , " he clarified .
va	PRES	We enter the city like Caesar -- in luxury !
va	PRES	The look on your face tells me otherwise .
va	PRES	His struggles to live up to his expectations .
va	PRES	She pulls her finger away from her mouth .
va	PRES	" Here , " she instructed , handing the glass to her patient , " Drink this . "
va	PAST	He surveyed his victim for a few moments and seemed satisfied with what he found .
va	PAST	Maybe you , how Americans say , crashed ? "
va	PRES	And then the couple breaks apart , and Allyson gasps .
va	PAST	The boy teetered on the edge of tears .
va	PRES	All the windows shatter as the apparition disappears , taking the wind with it .
va	PRES	But you owe me . "
va	PAST	With her leather purse tucked securely under her arm , she marched to the exit , which Nolan was effectively blocking .
va	PRES	" I sketch . "
va	PAST	He pumped faster and he felt her tighten around his cock .
va	PRES	You suck human blood ! "
va	PRES	Sounds like a plan . "
va	PAST	That same mix radiated from her body , even in a casual pose and wearing jeans .
va	PAST	" I think it 's best to keep our times synchronized , just so we don 't run into anomalies , " sister Roberta disagreed .
va	PAST	Pieces of gravel poked at my feet , but I kept walking , the moonlight leading the way .
va	PRES	Vampires thrive on other people 's pain .
va	PAST	His humor tended to the sardonic , and they had had many laughs together at the expense of the king 's household .
va	PAST	Warned by the stirring of uneasiness in his chest , he blanked his mind to thoughts of sunlight and outdoors , of his wife and child .
va	PAST	His mother , full dirty laundry hamper in tow , peeked around the edge of the door to see what she 'd hit .
va	PAST	In one spot , a ray of dust sprinkled sunlight shone down and bathed a wall in light .
va	PRES	Crawley finally jumps to his feet .
va	PAST	I complained , rubbing my scratched leg .
va	PAST	The crowd surged forward , dragged him off the cart , and began to beat him .
va	PAST	When she moved , I resisted for years before going back .
va	PAST	We lured 'em out back and took care of it .
va	PRES	" Your uncle ! "
va	PAST	His eyes glinted with memories of what I did when I was excited .
va	PRES	" You don " t ?
va	PRES	" Such a waste .
va	PAST	She deposited it on the side table with a frown .
va	PAST	I tilted my head back to look him fully in the face .
va	PRES	" Beelzebub manipulated me .
va	PRES	His tongue whips over his lower lip like an afterthought .
va	PAST	The car suddenly jostled into motion , flinging me forward and causing my bands to pull tight .
va	PRES	Do not trust him , treat him like you would an odd . "
va	PRES	Its roar screams against the outside of the van , shaking the seat , pushing the whole van to the side .
va	PAST	" Alright , then , " I clapped my hands together triumphantly .
va	PRES	By the end of the day , an argument breaks out about where to go .
va	PRES	Women who were depressed and even suicidal over their relationship status .
va	PRES	" Is Honor all right ? "
va	PAST	I wrote this novel during my spare time and didn 't know what I was doing .
va	PRES	The undercurrent of yearning I felt for him then was different than any of the other pulls toward him I 'd felt before .
va	PAST	The clothes clashed and hung way too loose on my frame .
va	PAST	Skyler ducked her head , twisting her fingers together , looking guilty , as if she knew Paul would take his anger out on her .
va	PRES	Chin lowering , she said , " I ... performed a little ... rite . "
va	PAST	Thomas grimaced , but said , " I knew she knew .
va	PRES	" Protective clothing and breathing apparatus .
va	PAST	" I 'm not talking to you , " I informed her and she burst out laughing .
va	PAST	the thin old man drawled insultingly .
va	PAST	As soon as he flipped it , the chopper shuddered and dropped a few feet in the air .
va	PRES	Every inch of me burns , yearning for his touch .
va	PRES	Sounds like you had fun . "
va	PAST	' Oh , thank you very much , Love , just as I 'd finally got this thing warmed up . '
va	PAST	I winced at the pang of pain rocking my chest , right where my heart was .
va	PRES	" Something tells me you 'll be fine . "
va	PAST	Fortunately , the home that we had occupied contained a directory of businesses -- something called The Yellow Pages .
va	PRES	" Bedroom furniture ? "
va	PAST	They thundered past with shouts and whistles , paying her no attention , intent on their quarry ahead .
va	PAST	Working together , they flipped the skiff right side up .
va	PAST	" Has she fed ? "
va	PRES	He pokes a finger in Elder 's chest .
va	PRES	Then , ' Lock her up . '
va	PRES	Mariah Carey , " Touch My Body . "
va	PRES	" So ... like a secretary ? "
va	PAST	His large , strong hands descended on my shoulders , a gentle , insistent pressure .
va	PAST	Into the grimy alley wall he etched several letters .
va	PAST	She peeked her head out with a chirp to quickly grab and swallowed the small fruit .
va	PAST	He straightened and interrupted Painter , who was in conversation with the Frenchman .
va	PRES	" Damn you Grey , " I admonished , " how the hell could you let it get this far ? "
va	PRES	" And what , be hunted ?
va	PAST	Myra snuggled into his palm as he caressed her cheek .
va	PRES	I slump down on the bottom step .
va	PAST	Ethan flipped the folded notepaper between his fingers again like a quarter in a sleight-of-hand trick .
va	PRES	" Your mother hid it as long as she could , but I found out when she died .
va	PRES	He requests that you make ready for their arrival . "
va	PAST	She counted the hours until she could see him again .
va	PRES	You owe me a lot ! "
va	PAST	He cupped Aria 's chin in his hands .
va	PRES	" Am I interrupting ? "
va	PAST	The Dark Wet still sang inside her , almost too quiet to feel , but it was enough to guide her to more of the Dark Wet .
va	PRES	He rolls down his window too , letting more ocean air ventilate the car .
va	PAST	Yes , another man snickered ; that explained why he spent so much time with the earl .
va	PAST	My cheeks warmed and I looked out to the feeder .
va	PAST	Energy sang through her body .
va	PRES	Not that you aren 't all fairly charming , and as for you - " He dropped a glittery wink at Alec , who looked astounded .
va	PAST	For three and a half hours , he raced along Interstate 40 with his eyes on the rearview mirror .
va	PAST	While Mia was busy playing tag with a huge group of children , Emily wandered over to the bonfire .
va	PAST	It resembled a kind of cute preening .
va	PAST	She tore open the envelope and took out the small slip of paper .
va	PAST	Oliver Russell telephoned the hospital and suggested they take her off life support .
va	PRES	Timothy realizes his timeline has just turned into an hourglass if what Pierre says is true and a plane is crossing the Atlantic .
va	PRES	He pulls them into the water and devours them . "
va	PAST	Military aircraft also tended to stay away from commercial flight lanes , and Preston did not often see military flights over the farm .
va	PRES	Immediately tells me him ! "
va	PAST	He clarified his question when Roger looked confused .
va	PRES	She smoothed her hair back but bits slipped free again .
va	PRES	" Come over here , " Charlie tells me .
va	PAST	We trickled out of the house , moving slowly , hoping time would stop .
va	PRES	" Who leads ? "
va	PAST	That sneer only lasted a moment , though .
va	PAST	It reacted only to her , the one who had created it .
va	PRES	" So you contend he was killed while actually playing golf ?
va	PRES	He scratched behind his ear .
va	PAST	Others surrendered when they realized they could not win the battle .
va	PRES	" No one trembles anymore . "
va	PAST	Seth patted Shawn 's shoulder and looked into his eyes a moment .
va	PAST	My pace increased as I walked back to Jakob , and I lay down next to him with my heart beating fast .
va	PAST	He scowled , watching Claire 's eyelids twitch with the movement of her eyes beneath them .
va	PAST	Deegan 's eyes almost popped out of his head with that statement .
va	PAST	Verity staggered back against the tapestry , unable to find her balance with her weak ankle .
va	PAST	Behind her , the wolf cursed and gave chase .
va	PAST	She tore away from his grasp and ran to the bathroom .
va	PAST	Maddy smoothed her dress over her legs and cleared her throat .
va	PRES	" What panel ? "
va	PAST	After a few more seconds of lip locking , Jesse surfaced with a stupid grin on his face .
va	PRES	" About that day ... the day you ... " " Threw myself out the window , " she finishes for me bluntly .
va	PAST	My wet feet flailed as they kicked and searched for their foothold .
va	PRES	His needle-like teeth gleam .
va	PAST	One thing for sure , Mr. Mister never sang it .
va	PAST	He nudged open the fire exit and came into a long and dark alley .
va	PRES	The unlocked gate and doors suggest that the caretaker is up and about , either lurking in the corridors or probably in his office .
va	PRES	Please lend your voice to us . "
va	PAST	His voice drifted in the breeze .
va	PRES	" What about the cameras ? "
va	PRES	The back of her head bobs in front of me .
va	PRES	" I know what you must be thinking , " Max speaks quietly .
va	PAST	I 'd make her squirm , hanging on every word so the second my tongue touched her , she melted .
va	PAST	Even Phillip , lying on the bottom of the little ship , instinctively ducked .
va	PRES	" Take us closer , Oracle , " Zook said forcibly , his terrifying eyes daring Sye to defy him again .
va	PAST	" Have you discussed it with her ? "
va	PAST	Both men reacted quickly and dropped to the floor of their hardened bunker .
va	PRES	" King James sends his regards to you .
va	PRES	" Aren " t they ? "
va	PRES	I suggest that you have a hidden camera on your person , so the proceedings may be recorded .
va	PRES	" She reminds me of the old days , when things were simply tough .
va	PAST	The crowd participated and responded to her words with cries of excitement .
va	PAST	The delicate scent of blood and fear billowed from them .
va	PRES	" Of course it matters . "
va	PRES	" Come on , Reese !
va	PAST	I poked at a log with my boot .
va	PRES	He pockets the glass cube and crouches by me .
va	PRES	" Definitely inconvenient at times . "
va	PAST	" De Quincey isn 't the Magister , " she sneered .
va	PAST	He cupped his hand under his left eye and blinked hard .
va	PRES	" Are you ok , Ellie ? "
va	PRES	Deep gouges score my palms and forearms .
va	PRES	Victoria tilted her sunglasses down so she could stare at her .
va	PRES	Who wakes up in the middle of an amusement park ?
va	PRES	" And very bored when my husband is in Olympus .
va	PAST	Lana arched an eyebrow at that , but I couldn 't elaborate .
va	PRES	" Unpacking , that 's good , huh ? "
va	PRES	" Yes , " I release with a breath of relief .
va	PAST	I hiked my bag farther up my back and tucked my hands in my jean pockets as I ambled up the stairs to the second-floor landing .
va	PRES	" What about Afghanistan ? "
va	PRES	You owe me a kiss . '
va	PAST	He grumbled in reply .
va	PAST	Somehow that small sentiment ricocheted a plethora of fireworks though my bloodstream .
va	PRES	" My housekeeper , she requests that you not make the bed .
va	PRES	The other two sets we 'll use at a later date when we start production .
va	PRES	Who cares what anyone else thinks ?
va	PAST	Whoever wrote the book was either a poet or a romantic .
va	PRES	" I always refer to a fetus as female .
va	PRES	" Even so , I only intend to borrow the memorabilia .
va	PAST	" Is there anything I can do for you , Mr. Black , " she winked .
va	PRES	He spat dirt out of his mouth then spoke into the floor .
va	PAST	Her knees bend to midway , stopping just before the heels need to rise .
va	PAST	I blushed at his changed demeanor and he grinned back at me before walking away and back to his parked car .
va	PRES	The rest raise their guns .
va	PAST	He nudged my legs wider , saying he wanted to get a good look at me .
va	PRES	" I fail to see the correlation . "
va	PAST	The low sounds of cattle and horses drifted from the animal pens .
va	PRES	My ass still stings from his hand , and I clench deep inside thinking about it .
va	PAST	Though they didn 't move , tension crackled between them .
va	PAST	The other four agents were still awake , their systems pumped with over-the-counter amphetamines , Red Bull , and coffee .
va	PAST	Only an old school jumper and Hendrix T-shirt used for packing tumbled out when he flipped it over .
va	PAST	She planted an accusatory finger on Dave 's chest .
va	PRES	She believes what she 's doing is right . "
va	PRES	" Okay , " he said , pointing at a battered target several yards away , " squeeze off a few . "
va	PAST	He never published a paper nor gave a presentation , and his long absences from the Academy only increased his aura of mystery .
va	PRES	Then he moves even lower , licking inside my bikini bottom as he continues rolling the wetsuit down my h * ps and legs .
va	PRES	They also seek previous holders or ' keys ' .
va	PAST	To her surprise and intense relief , the soil above her parted neatly to reveal the high ceiling of the cavern .
va	PAST	Thunder crashed , echoing through the chambers , shaking the walls all around them .
va	PRES	A cold hand upon mine pulls me from introspection and I open my eyes .
va	PRES	When you blush , it tells me you feel strongly about what is happening .
va	PAST	Hester winced and Jess felt horrid , but something had to be done .
va	PAST	" Walk , " I commanded .
va	PAST	She warmed to the tinge of jealousy in his voice .
va	PAST	She smeared the glue over the back with her finger .
va	PRES	The combination leads to some interesting arguments . "
va	PRES	" It depends , " he finally responds .
va	PRES	If you are in trouble then I suggest you fix it yourself .
va	PRES	" Good morrow , Lady Adele . "
va	PRES	The fireplace crackles and a log breaks , sending a spray of sparks up the chimney .
va	PRES	The pirates sail to the side and snare the other ship with grappling hooks .
va	PAST	I snuggled closer to Avalon , feeling more unsettled than ever .
va	PAST	In a flash , he attached one end to the pommel of his saddle and the other end to the stainless steel hood ornament .
va	PRES	Day leads us out and down the hall .
va	PRES	" Just tell me , " I growl , enraged .
va	PAST	As soon as the words were out , I flushed with chagrin .
va	PAST	" Do we really have to go back to Starved Rock , " I whined .
va	PRES	March pulls my vest over my head , skimming my skin with his palms .
va	PAST	Tears threatened and she closed her eyes against them .
va	PRES	" The operations manager in Oslo reports the new day-night shifts are very popular with the associates there . "
va	PAST	So , Tau granted her this task and this is how some humans have magic , while others do not .
va	PAST	She smirked knowingly , letting go of his hands and raising herself .
va	PAST	Its end dwindled down to a dark point , lit only in a few sections .
va	PAST	Victoria dipped down her head and looked away .
va	PAST	the lieutenant prompted in the brief moment that fol owed .
va	PAST	Finally , laughter bubbled from Vicki 's lips .
va	PRES	I know about yer childhood , yer family , yer beliefs ... everything .
va	PRES	He pulls back with a low groan and I want him to take his shirt off .
va	PAST	" I don 't want to hear a single word from you , " he sneered .
va	PAST	They darted sideways , and he jerked his chin toward the far side of the room , indicating that Tessa should follow him .
va	PAST	Kate scrambled for her center as her stutter grabbed hold and threatened to dominate .
va	PAST	" He commanded a regiment , like any young nobleman with the King 's regard .
va	PAST	Sam grimaced at Alex 's irritated tone and turned with a forced smile .
va	PRES	I can 't tell you exactly how much longer you have , but the ball is about over Cinderella , " she informs me .
va	PRES	" Emma Collins ? "
va	PRES	Melting through my uniform , the plasma radiates through the interwoven fibers of my body , sintering them with a hint of burnt plastic .
va	PRES	She sets the manuscript back in the drawer and gently slides it shut .
va	PRES	Sucking the drink out of the straw , she hops on the counter and crosses her legs .
va	PAST	I sniffled , wiping at my cheeks as I looked up at her .
va	PAST	His back arched as sharp pains of pleasure flared out from his groin and fired every nerve ending in his body .
va	PRES	' And so unharmed .
va	PRES	I arch a brow .
va	PAST	The floor beneath her feet moaned as it opened up .
va	PAST	The sound increased until a loud wailing bellowed around them .
va	PRES	Focus , " Gem said , the humor in her voice imperceptible .
va	PRES	The darkness and the thick grass hid the land from Tarik , making every step treacherous .
va	PRES	" The nose cavity .
va	PAST	Heat scorched her lungs .
va	PAST	On my hands and knees , I scrambled after the weapon , but it just kept sliding farther and farther away from me .
va	PRES	" Won 't happen again , Mrs. T. " Mrs. T ?
va	PAST	The headset crackled . "
va	PAST	Her entire body melted at the feel of his hot breath on her skin .
va	PRES	You slam the trunk .
va	PRES	If one gets hurt , they all suffer the same injury , because they are the same person .
va	PAST	He paced the dark field , back and forth , shouting , clenching his fists , and stomping a trail of wet grass beneath his feet .
va	PRES	I tuck damp strands of my brown hair out of my face and behind my ears .
va	PRES	" Jesus Christ ! "
va	PRES	After a slight hesitation , he picks up the pace , and I let go of his arm .
va	PRES	She believes herself a teller of modern Arabian nights , but there is no open sesame for her cell .
va	PAST	Metal clashed on metal , arrows whizzed high above , men screamed and all was chaos .
va	PAST	Pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
va	PAST	The second hand raced around in a barely noticeable blur but the minute hand crept about the face .
va	PRES	The side of his mouth quirks up .
va	PRES	" It 's just that 's not much of a plan , not really , " Simon clarified .
va	PRES	" That is a significant number of troops if we need them , " Blade notes .
va	PAST	She flinched as if he 'd slapped her .
va	PRES	She views the floor .
va	PAST	" Then do it quickly , " Callum invited .
va	PRES	" Isn 't your aunt a healer ? "
va	PRES	What gaps we 'd been remiss to fill in .
va	PAST	Jared tilted his face away as if he didn 't want me to see his confessions waiting there .
va	PAST	" You were trying to tell us something , " Chance prompted .
va	PAST	The linen crackled and smoked .
va	PAST	She ducked down quickly , but continued yelling , " I 'll kill them all ! "
va	PAST	Cole planted the flag by dropping it to the ground , then drew his sword .
va	PAST	He rode slowly through the parking lot .
va	PRES	" What passage ? "
va	PRES	" Sexual chemistry . "
va	PAST	Taking in a slow steady breath , she pried her hands from the steering wheel when the car stopped .
va	PRES	" He 's trying to kill Dr. Quickly , " he moans .
va	PRES	She directs us to a room down the hall on the left .
va	PAST	Heat blossomed at the top of her spine and swept over her body like wildfire .
va	PRES	" This better not be about him , " she spat .
va	PRES	After a few more rounds of drinks and the effects of the alcohol kick in I 'm ready to hit the dance floor .
va	PRES	" Hi Sweetie . "
va	PRES	" You 're talking gibberish , " I scowl .
va	PRES	Susie lowers the hammer .
va	PRES	Lisa tilted her head as if assessing me .
va	PRES	" If this doesn 't straighten your shit out , nothing will , " the bartender adds with a wink .
va	PRES	" Oh ... so the music and the wires create something together . "
va	PRES	" She cares for him , but doesn 't want to upset you .
va	PRES	And the cartel . "
va	PAST	Enraged , I raked my hand through the row of pictures displayed on the mantel .
va	PAST	" That isn 't news , " Lucy sneered , crossing her arms as she watched her hard work being undone .
va	PAST	She smirked , cocking her head to the side .
va	PAST	At first , it only infuriated me .
va	PRES	" A John Doe .
va	PAST	I thumbed through it to the P 's .
va	PAST	Samara quickly surveyed escape options but found a huge rubber gasket provided a tight seal between the trailer and the building .
va	PRES	I struggle not to let myself lose control with you .
va	PRES	" Yeah I reckon ! "
va	PAST	Zillah trembled with fury as he stood before his peers .
va	PRES	Then , when others disagree with him he tells them how foolish he thinks they are . "
va	PRES	He promises to appear again at a time of his knowing .
va	PAST	Hooked the post clean , popped the wheel and out springs all the bearings .
va	PAST	He whirled around and gasped in shock at finding Maxi 's face an inch away from his own .
va	PAST	His eyebrows furrow and he shoves the keys into his pocket .
va	PAST	" That 's a lie , " Connelly informed him .
va	PAST	Next to that , she noted a few framed pictures decorating some of the shelves .
va	PRES	But nothing excuses my actions .
va	PRES	" A picnic ! "
va	PRES	She drops her gaze to the floor .
va	PAST	That prompted him to say , " Would you like a cup of coffee ? "
va	PRES	What I suffer , you suffer !
va	PAST	His charm melted Caroline 's bones when she paused to let him go through the doorway first , but he refused with a crooked grin .
va	PRES	I squeeze Gage by the hand until Dr. Oliver gives one last snip and hands me a mirror .
va	PAST	She shuddered and fell to one arm .
va	PRES	Not that it matters .
va	PAST	As he searched for boot prints , he noted a slight graying to the darkness at the end of the tunnel .
va	PAST	The soldiers ' faces melted like wax .
va	PRES	" Who cares about him anyway ?
va	PAST	" Oh no ... " she moaned .
va	PAST	Kali clamped a hand over her mouth to stop the angry sob .
va	PAST	She swished the gel around with saliva and diluted it .
va	PRES	" What concert ? "
va	PRES	She runs her hand against the smooth glass of the sun charm and thinks of picking it up and giving up .
va	PAST	They tumbled through space , raking and clawing , the vampire sinking his teeth deeper and deeper and tearing at her body with his claws .
va	PAST	She finally crammed the door open and stumbled through the opening .
va	PAST	Saying nothing , Blue drifted toward the outer edge of the bowl 's bottom .
va	PAST	Max switched off the intercom and shouted something , then flipped it on again .
va	PAST	Another beast lunged at a child beside us , biting at his throat .
va	PRES	" They exiled you ? "
va	PAST	His arms , planted on either side of her , trembled .
va	PRES	He sets his hand over mine .
va	PAST	They scrambled up the hill and dove into Aria 's car just as the ambulance appeared on the ridge .
va	PAST	The men at the bar clapped .
va	PAST	Shivering , I cursed them and turned to go into the house .
va	PRES	My jaw inadvertently drops .
va	PAST	I marched up to the wobbly , scarred counter .
va	PRES	I suspect the ramifications will not be known for some time . "
va	PRES	He bows his head , his lips hovering just above mine .
va	PAST	His muscles contracted and he sprinted toward the porch while dialing 9-1-1 on his cell to call the fire department .
va	PAST	She raced into her office and pulled the door shut .
va	PRES	He stalks from my quarters without looking back .
va	PRES	Well done , Violet .
va	PRES	I squeeze my eyes shut , not wanting to think about the other horrible part of the evening .
va	PAST	Well , at least flooded with gratitude for most of them .
va	PAST	I blushed as I admonished him .
va	PRES	An invisible hand moves it to a corner .
va	PAST	She ascended the cargo ramp .
va	PAST	Buttons popped and fell to the floor .
va	PAST	Sam 's heart fluttered briefly and she blushed as he met her gaze , but then his eyes slipped past her and brightened .
va	PAST	In many settlements , apparently , the Swedes controlled the town , its immediate environs , and the local trade .
va	PAST	" What - " she mouthed at me .
va	PRES	" To the Sisters . "
va	PAST	She raced at him from the side before he got to take a second swing .
va	PRES	George slaps dad 's back and rubs it , maybe trying to remove the impact on his shoulder .
va	PRES	" Good shooting . "
va	PRES	His claws scratched the marble , and he unfurled his wings .
va	PRES	I need you , " Uriel tells me .
va	PRES	" Space Station Oasis , please respond . "
va	PRES	On most days , heading down to see his horses calmed him , but not this morning .
va	PRES	I sunk like a sack of cement . "
va	PAST	I paced very slowly toward the light , setting one foot before the other as if trying to avoid touching the floor .
va	PAST	The Glock fired harmlessly into the wall and ceiling as the two of them wrestled for supremacy .
va	PAST	Alex snatched out the aluminum foil , ripped off a huge sheet , and quickly tugged it over her head .
va	PAST	I tore my eyes off him and put the cart in drive .
va	PRES	" Most of the time this type of conspiracy involves money .
va	PRES	" Tiny islands where no one would think to look .
va	PRES	Micha bites down on his lip , stifling a laugh , and flicks me a sideways glance .
va	PRES	They went down , smoke wafting up from their bodies .
va	PAST	He snatched it like a drowning man cast a lifeline .
va	PAST	Everything flooded out in his voice , all the anguish , the fury , and the shattered hopes .
va	PAST	She concentrated , trying to determine their number , but could tell only that it was a small number .
va	PAST	She moistened her lips and absorbed the rhythm of Thorn 's body into her own .
va	PRES	He scratched at the inside of his elbow .
va	PRES	" You must have been lousy in bed if he was so willing to give you up , " Walt mocked .
va	PAST	Her hands trembled in fists at her sides .
va	PAST	The centurion grumbled under his breath .
va	PAST	The canopy of moonlit sky at his back blurred as he looked down at her with an intensity that flayed her already inflamed senses .
va	PAST	" So - " I popped a grape in my mouth . "
va	PAST	" Okay , okay , " he conceded .
va	PAST	" Yes , I fitted it myself , but I didn 't completely close the clasp .
va	PAST	Tessa poked at her left incisor with her tongue .
va	PAST	Elena paced the floor of the dormitory , scarcely aware of the other women who were preparing for bed .
va	PAST	Fire shined in their narrowed eyes , and suddenly , the only fear I felt was for the poor souls who stood in their way .
va	PRES	' Bet they make you feel twitchy , huh ? '
va	PAST	His thick , long erection nudged her belly .
va	PRES	Her entire face explodes a bright shade of pink as she continues to hack out a laugh .
va	PAST	I showered and decided that I would leave my boating investigations on the Internet for another time .
va	PRES	" Jesus Christ ! "
va	PAST	They never shied away from calling him a godless Satanist who was against God and against America , even if it was complete nonsense .
va	PAST	The deep kiss they shared melted away her fear .
va	PRES	In your own room , of course , " he adds .
va	PAST	He cursed and leaned over , resting his hands on his thighs for a moment before standing and turning to face her .
va	PAST	Vincent 's leathery mouth creased into a strained smile .
va	PAST	After several minutes he said , " Mrs. Martin , did Daniel use the computer in your bedroom ? "
va	PAST	He resisted the urge to back away from her like she had done to him .
va	PAST	Tristan planted an elbow on the table to support his head in his hand .
va	PAST	Her soft laughter rippled through his mind as the kitten gave up on him and bounded across the floor to her .
va	PAST	He plainly still questioned whether they should go .
va	PAST	A thin icy column of hate radiated from the girl 's mind directly at him .
va	PAST	Before it could be brushed away , it melted through the polyurethane surface .
va	PRES	Whatever I meant , she misunderstood me horribly .
va	PRES	" I du n no .
va	PAST	A solid line of gnarled pecan trees marched away on what must have been both sides of the old logging road .
va	PRES	He acts like it 's no big deal to change teams .
va	PAST	Immediately after Daniel finished singing Elaine , he sang Living on Yesterday 's Dime ; it brought the house down .
va	PRES	" Yeah , piece of cake . "
va	PAST	He peeked inside the box , thanked her and said goodbye .
va	PRES	The king lowers his hand , squeezing .
va	PRES	Everyone waits for him to elaborate .
va	PAST	I grimaced and looked at the dashboard .
va	PRES	My thoughts wander off to Zeke and his pretend -- girlfriend Anna .
va	PAST	She staggered her way to the window and leaned against the sill , staring toward Shinra Mansion with burning eyes .
va	PRES	But no more of this democracy and Council crap . "
va	PRES	" They don 't , which completely blows .
va	PRES	" But I intend to be . "
va	PRES	" A universe far far away , but I come in peace . "
va	PAST	" ... will be welcoming these visitors as they tour local parishes in the city .
va	PAST	" You 're pretty good at it , " she complained .
va	PRES	I manage to say but my voice cracks .
va	PAST	He snorted , and she continued .
va	PAST	I shuddered in feigned annoyance , but truthfully I was too high with the joy of having my family alive .
va	PAST	Spinning on the spot , Maxim positioned herself on her favourite point and looked out of her office 's full length window .
va	PRES	My watch reads eight minutes until the bomb goes off .
va	PRES	Oh , I realise they are talking about me .
va	PRES	" That you ´ re here to destroy our planet . "
va	PAST	Harry patted her hand as they sat .
va	PAST	His words undid the careful net I had on my emotions .
va	PRES	" Hi , " I quietly greet him .
va	PAST	Moonlight from gaps in the ceiling illuminated the scene as she put first a foot through the gap .
va	PRES	When Meriwether was asked to choose a professional course of study , he carefully researched available colleges .
va	PAST	He retrieved the canteen and then bent down to grip her free hand .
va	PAST	The Whisper cautioned the rest .
va	PRES	She repeats the answer I gave her .
va	PRES	yells the girl in the yellow sweatshirt as she grabs a hold of her ponytail .
va	PAST	His ribs ached , he couldn 't bring air into his lungs , and the room was spinning .
va	PAST	Holland 's eyes creased in compassion as she watched him hack and try to clear his throat .
va	PAST	She started reading a page marked Anzac Day .
va	PRES	" It 'll be your time soon , " she tells me .
va	PRES	My magic understands the way the body works .
va	PRES	But with Cameron , the old reckless Ainsley reared up , wanting him to undo her bodice down to her waist and take what he pleased .
va	PAST	But for a moment , something crackled in my quiet morning kitchen , and I was very conscious that my breasts were not tucked in a bra .
va	PRES	It burns like acid in my stomach .
va	PAST	Modem sounds drifted through the speakerphone in their digital dance to link encrypted lines for secured conversation .
va	PAST	Anxiety instantly fluttered to life in his stomach .
va	PAST	Padded insulation material billowed out , soaking immediately in the downpour .
va	PRES	" Damn creepy buggers .
va	PAST	Women in glorious dresses marched after the knights .
va	PAST	She took the little Laurence into her arms again , she embraced ter time to try it .
va	PRES	Chad loosened his grip , but didn 't release her .
va	PAST	Rema tilted her head toward him again .
va	PAST	Nate snorted at me .
va	PRES	I put my fork down and stared at Steven , my tone incredulous .
va	PAST	She put her lipstick away , her hair fixed .
va	PAST	- presented a dizzying aerial maze of cornices , arches , and spires .
va	PAST	Paper fluttered in the air , office supplies littered the floor , and the splintered remains of a desk and a sparking computer lay beneath John .
va	PAST	He ached all over just being near to her .
va	PRES	Those two abilities enable me to see many things .
va	PAST	Two other women rode to the edge of the clearing .
va	PRES	" Yeah , sure , loads of times . "
va	PAST	" The sun safeguards us well enough during the day .
va	PAST	He cupped her cheek in his hand .
va	PRES	The remaining police vehicle pulls into line bringing up the rear .
va	PAST	I bent his head back and quick as lightning , I lunged for his throat .
va	PRES	" Doctor Wentworth ? "
va	PRES	" No more ... Laws .
va	PRES	Think we 're even now ? "
va	PAST	Annie noted that all color had fled her lips , which she licked nervously , eyes darting to look down the hall to the front stairs .
va	PRES	He buries his head in his hands .
va	PRES	" She just cares about you . "
va	PAST	Zane actually lasted almost the entire elevator ride to the parking garage before he huffed softly .
va	PRES	And he tells us the other theories about creation and stuff .
va	PAST	We raced here from Highgate .
va	PAST	asked Daisy , her voice so hushed that a snowflake landing on her shoulder could well have drowned it out .
va	PAST	" I think things may be different this go ' round , " Pop proclaimed .
va	PAST	They borrowed a canoe from the resort and rowed across the lake .
va	PRES	Luca hops off the bike on his boot side and waits for me to get under his arm .
va	PAST	They lured us into a trap , and they 're striking deliberately at our strongest crafters .
va	PRES	Argues the man , however his unconvinced voice proves his argument is weak .
va	PRES	" To what do we owe this pleasure , Miss Gates ? "
va	PAST	Solange moistened her lips , but didn 't turn around .
va	PAST	I snuggled into a blanket I found on the couch .
va	PRES	Are you bathing ? "
va	PRES	His voice breaks and he drops his head into his hands , leaning back against the wall .
va	PRES	They hid in there .
va	PAST	" So that is a universal gesture , " I noted , earning a laugh from Bishop .
va	PRES	Steve 's eyes hardened as they clashed with Rush 's .
va	PAST	I scowled at him and then saw how badly his knuckles were swelling under the bag .
va	PAST	" Festival of Lights smelling of rotten sardines , no thanks to all them fish people .
va	PRES	Lake rolls her eyes at Eddie .
va	PRES	Serena yanks her arm free , making it clear she can see herself out of the Great Hall .
va	PAST	I don ´ t want to make any sudden moves .
va	PAST	Slowing Snow to a trot , Rema watched as Bren and his horse thundered past her , kicking up dust .
va	PAST	The door edged cautiously along the path .
va	PAST	A party boat cruised slowly by a half mile out , full of revelers without a care in the world .
va	PRES	Len cherished his family .
va	PAST	" Please , please , please , " she implored .
va	PRES	" In January . "
va	PRES	Viper hid his sudden smile .
va	PAST	" Of course , " Paul assured Joe .
va	PAST	" I can 't , " she whimpered .
va	PRES	It wasn , t deliberate , really .
va	PRES	Derrick runs over to Dane and extinguishes the flames with his hands .
va	PAST	My insides melted a little bit , and it had nothing to do with him wanting me to play naughty librarian with him .
va	PRES	Sand whips around showering the ground .
va	PRES	" You don 't have to risk anyone , save one , " Serena mumbles .
va	PRES	She rests her elbows on the railing , looking cold in just a loose black T-shirt over bare legs .
va	PRES	Dad jumps to his feet as the other guys laugh at me .
va	PAST	Gabriel suppressed a sudden surge of triumph he was ashamed of feeling .
va	PAST	" Cornelius fulfilled the terms of our agreement .
va	PRES	Gripping the knife , I trot down the stairs .
va	PRES	" Any reports from the Arabs about an American patrol in this area ? "
va	PRES	" Sounds simple enough .
va	PRES	You " re mining ! "
va	PRES	She writes stories that she would enjoy reading , such as fantasy , sci-fi , mystery and paranormal romance .
va	PAST	He surveyed the wall above him .
va	PAST	* In the following week Rae wandered around the Temptation Road property .
va	PAST	Kiara 's mind wandered as they drove past the cottages .
va	PAST	He had rescued her before , and she believed he always would .
va	PAST	His brow creased as Maxi took the shell ring out of his hand .
va	PAST	She yanked her eyes open .
va	PAST	Savitar snorted as if the very thought of that made him want to laugh .
va	PRES	I switch my cell phone to my other ear and stretch out my arm .
va	PAST	The questions fired at the brothers for another ten minutes , until the chairman at last spoke .
va	PAST	Corey smirked at him and then his eyes focused over Ice 's shoulder .
va	PAST	It penetrated you so deeply , in fact , that you fainted . "
va	PAST	Kelly snatched the paperweight from Ethan and slammed it on her desk .
va	PAST	And hadn 't she vowed not to do that again ?
va	PRES	A calm voice demands as the woman draws closer .
va	PAST	My stomach twisted as the prince staggered , swinging his blade in a desperate circle to keep the assassins back .
va	PAST	Her lashes fluttered upward and their gazes locked .
va	PAST	Cards snapped on wooden tables , chips clattered together , men cursed .
va	PAST	Dad straightened up , squaring his broad shoulders and not showing any signs of fear .
va	PAST	In sixth or seventh grade , when I was first published .
va	PRES	" I apologize for that .
va	PAST	Her stomach lurched then her world went blank .
va	PRES	" No need in us staying , huh ? "
va	PRES	I depend mostly on others to sense the will of the Spirits of the Forest . "
va	PAST	Now occupied by a Muslim Somali woman and her herd of goats .
va	PRES	" Not cops ! "
va	PAST	Maddy 's eyes rounded .
va	PRES	" Finally , I 'm strong enough to help you fight , " Mai smirks , turning to her companion and giving him an assuring nod .
va	PAST	My vision blurred as the strong winds carried all the Elders right toward me in one quick swoop .
va	PAST	Rapidly and without warning the boy 's one arm snatched me by the ankle and he growled at me .
va	PAST	He commanded and the simulator produced a full length mirror attached to the wall .
va	PAST	The dog trembled against her .
va	PRES	" I tend to doubt very much that I would .
va	PRES	I raise an eyebrow , and he shrugs .
va	PRES	" Everyone understands ? "
va	PAST	My right arm , my throwing arm , throbbed at the shoulder , but I could move it .
va	PRES	Nathan scratched his forehead .
va	PAST	The familiar fire hit and heated their blood , softened their muscles , and they melted into one another , surrendering as soul mates .
va	PRES	" By giving me Aiden ? "
va	PAST	My throat issued a deep snarl and I stood taller within seconds .
va	PAST	She raced toward them .
va	PAST	Dr. Red lunged yet again -- this time for the shelf to prevent the bottles from falling and shattering .
va	PRES	Pollution still lingers around our town due to the high number of military vehicles that patrol through -- - like they ever do anything useful .
va	PAST	Even with his skin tinted blue , he presented a package that would have girls sighing all over the county .
va	PAST	Caroline snatched it quickly .
va	PRES	" You 're a genius , " he mumbles , glancing to the right to avoid eye contact .
va	PRES	There is no earth below us , no sky above us , only piercing screams and darkness .
va	PRES	Aloud he said , " The Sorcerer seeks the Spear of Power .
va	PRES	Instead , I rummage through my bag for a granola bar and find that nature manual I picked up by accident .
va	PRES	That night he pieced it together further and had a great deal of knowledge about how he would go about fixing the network at the company .
va	PAST	Olivia quickly scanned the huge room in order to locate her co-workers .
va	PRES	" Until the terrible Vikings captured you , young prince . "
va	PRES	" Now , on to more urgent matters .
va	PRES	" Oh , you goon ! "
va	PRES	The Snow Queen stiffens a little , the smirk I 'm used to seeing on her face wiped away .
va	PAST	Hardin clapped the new pilot on the back .
va	PAST	" Take one more step and I will cut you down , " the knight threatened .
va	PAST	The darkness seeped into my pores .
va	PRES	" You already owe me favors , Captain .
va	PRES	Madam Uri yells , breathless .
va	PAST	" What did they say to do with it , " he questioned .
va	PRES	I quirk a brow at him , grinning .
va	PAST	We fired on them , managed to kill two , but the rest of them escaped with your body .
va	PAST	I applied a bit more makeup than normal .
va	PAST	Magic surged out of him along with acidic jealousy .
va	PRES	" And she rides ... ? "
va	PAST	He winced , and the audience knew the whip had stung .
va	PAST	He set her carefully on her feet , then applied gentle but insistent pressure to her shoulders .
va	PAST	" Is he injured ? "
va	PRES	We suffer those witches to live because now and then they can cure .
va	PAST	The wave crashed into everything in its path and pushed it backwards away from me in a rush .
va	PRES	CHAPTER 14 : SOFIA " Do you like it ? "
va	PAST	Tanya scowled and concentrated on examining the scarf and egg , poking it into the little hole she found .
va	PRES	He shrugs , looking disappointed .
va	PRES	" For a baseball cap ? "
va	PAST	He ascended and saw a black mass billowing near the sea .
va	PRES	" Own it , Stella . "
va	PRES	Poking my head around a thick trunk , my mouth drops open .
va	PRES	With that he holds the gun up , presses his hand inwards , and then his body flies up the cord to the hook at the top .
va	PRES	" Not everyone realizes that .
va	PRES	While he was topping the second , Zoltan perched on the lip of the well .
va	PRES	One of them types a series of numbers on the keypad , and the gate slides open to admit us .
va	PAST	The early morning fog melted away in the sunlight .
va	PAST	Her eyes fluttered open again .
va	PAST	Rafe noted the location and smiled at the serendipitous sight of his own name on the screen .
va	PRES	Next Monday , " he clarified .
va	PRES	His hands tangle in my hair and pull it back , so I 'm looking up at the sky .
va	PAST	She injured herself only a short time ago . "
va	PAST	" I cheated and looked at a pair in your closet . "
va	PRES	" You 're pathetic , " she spat .
va	PAST	Carly whirled around to face Mike .
va	PAST	They discussed the importance of trusting God and being open to His voice .
va	PAST	" I borrowed two thousand dollars from my brothers ' parents . "
va	PRES	" It adds speed to the spear if we 're moving when we cast , and the extra speed can make all the difference . "
va	PRES	He scratched his head .
va	PRES	First I manage two skips .
va	PRES	As soon as he hears her speak , the man lowers the rifle .
va	PRES	' No-one reads anymore . '
va	PAST	She longed to see him and to hold him again .
va	PRES	Chapter Eighteen " Daddy !
va	PAST	She seethed to absorb everything , his posture , his expression , his tone of voice , as well as his words .
va	PAST	The boy sprinted through the hall and tore down a splintered and broken set of stairs .
va	PRES	" Getting philosophical now ? "
va	PRES	For their care , to help treat their Lupus . "
va	PAST	Rock hired him for a dig in Nicaragua back in the 90 's .
va	PRES	His tongue swirls against the sensitive skin right where my jaw meets my neck .
va	PRES	She always calmed me down .
va	PRES	Prologue New Orleans , Mardi Gras night , 2003 " I 'm so sorry , Vane .
va	PRES	' Hey , have you seen Violet ? '
va	PRES	Just a straight filter , please , black .
va	PAST	Taking a pull from his bottle , Pierce surveyed their rest stop .
va	PRES	" Witches are sexy , " Rory mumbles to me , not taking his eyes off Vanessa .
va	PRES	' You realise if Lord and Lady Ashleigh find out about this , they 'll sack you immediately . '
va	PAST	" Come back , " I croaked again , but the words rasped in my throat and I could only speak barely louder than a whisper .
va	PAST	He stroked the underside of my breasts , the swell of my rear , his thumb rode the curve of my hip .
va	PAST	I counted telephone poles as we sped down the highway , but I soon found out how boring that was .
va	PRES	Then his brow furrows a little .
va	PRES	She scowled , her sensations a tangle of conflicting emotions .
va	PRES	" O good-bye and go away ! "
va	PAST	Jason squirmed in the yoke .
va	PAST	While speaking , she jammed her finger into his chest hard enough to make him flinch , though she didn 't notice that .
va	PAST	His hands descended on her shoulders .
va	PRES	And I suggest to you that what is uncovered is , metaphorically , the face of God herself !
va	PAST	" Oh , yes , " sneered the Dean .
va	PAST	The flat area contained a cot , two sleeping bags , a knapsack , a lantern , and canned food .
va	PAST	Luc patted my arm .
va	PRES	My amused smile breaks through .
va	PRES	His footsteps pad closer .
va	PAST	Sawyer arched a brow .
va	PRES	" Was Anna fussy today ? "
va	PRES	Normally I sheltered her .
va	PRES	" In a dorm ? "
va	PRES	" It turns out , I found us both , " Allyson tells Wolfgang .
va	PRES	" The extra door to the right leads to the stairs that come up from the kitchen . "
va	PAST	Her words only increased Nik 's amusement .
va	PRES	My mouth drops open .
va	PRES	His fingers immediately tighten around mine .
va	PRES	My hand shoots out and I brace myself from hitting the dashboard .
va	PAST	" I will , " Adam assured him .
va	PRES	After a few fumbled attempts , I manage to meet him head on each time he lunges forward .
va	PAST	Myles scratched his head , trying to determine whether the two had walked into town , found another ride or headed into the mountains .
va	PRES	This time , he wakes up .
va	PRES	My other hand slowly trails back down her stomach to give her cunt the attention it deserves .
va	PAST	She introduced herself to a Dieter Berger , and sketched in the Banks incident .
va	PRES	Abe scratched his head .
va	PRES	He hurries to the farthest corner of the school yard .
va	PRES	Very slowly , Liam loosened another link and another .
va	PAST	He then snatched the fan out of Frances 's hand , and flung it in Agnes 's direction .
va	PRES	His hair still blond .
va	PRES	Your king commands it . "
va	PRES	Humans rely on their physical senses and live physically separated .
va	PAST	A rat scurried from the alley , seeking refuge behind one of the casks .
va	PAST	He suspected the villagers would either be dead or evil .
va	PRES	' Philip tells me that he has invited Amy to stay with us in Liverpool for a while .
va	PAST	His brain scrambled , coming up with a different way to begin .
va	PRES	Normally the warm brew calmed her nerves , but nothing would comfort her today .
va	PRES	" And then paint the various stages of evolution .
va	PRES	" Swords tend to be the method of choice . "
va	PAST	Martin Neuberger , " he introduced himself .
va	PRES	This wasn " t the smoky red of the dwarf fire ; this was something only a dragon " s stomach could cook up .
va	PRES	" Holy hell , it 's hot here , " she remarks , reaching to get her sunglasses out of her purse .
va	PAST	Appreciate this , you fucking idiot !
va	PRES	Still , the boy never complains .
va	PAST	My body reacted to the closeness , and the urge to arch into him overrode all reason .
va	PAST	' Tell your men to stand down , ' commanded Altair .
va	PAST	" Do not be afraid , " admonished a deep voice .
va	PRES	he yells out in a thick voice .
va	PRES	Three days after Evie agrees to marry me , I destroy her with a sentence : " I 've signed up . "
va	PAST	Off in one corner a wooden platform attached to a chain dangled perhaps a foot off the ground .
va	PRES	I concentrate on Alex and our life together , but I cannot see him anymore .
va	PAST	She winced at the taste , but her body undulated with more need .
va	PAST	The boy flushed to the roots of his yellow hair , clearly embarrassed that he had obviously been reported on .
va	PRES	Used by at least four million menopausal and postmenopausal women , ages forty-five to seventy-five .
va	PAST	Stone I knew the moment that she fell asleep , her pink lips parting slightly as she drifted into a peaceful slumber .
va	PAST	He winced a little , dropped his eyes , and nodded .
va	PRES	" Nina , what I 'm about to ask you wil be very difficult , but I need the truth . "
va	PRES	And then before another threat can be given , Liam hurries inside , not even looking back at us .
va	PRES	The second soldier rushing at me trips right over his falling comrade .
va	PAST	He lurched out and gripped both sides of the table as he gritted his teeth to keep from howling .
va	PAST	On that thought , her fingers curled and she dragged her nails through the hair there as she whispered , " Agreed . "
va	PRES	She shrieks and bats at his hands , but he doesn 't let her go .
va	PRES	A Stone elemental . "
va	PAST	Lily 's breath caught in her throat and her pulse accelerated wildly .
va	PRES	Cold metal bites into Trystan 's skin when the handcuffs tighten .
va	PAST	Although dusk lingered on the open lake , the horizon already obscured the bottom of the scarlet sun .
va	PRES	She bolted and ran as fast as she could , but not the elevator .
va	PRES	Your hair shines like a raven 's wing .
va	PRES	Much work waits for you there . "
va	PRES	" Jude Lawson . "
va	PAST	Lauren latched onto the annoyance .
va	PRES	He shuts the lid on the trunk .
va	PAST	Ray 's spreadsheet contained file numbers of A. V. Designs technical documents next to dollar amounts and dates .
va	PRES	She tilted her head , piqued by the mildest thought , and awaited the next moment .
va	PAST	His eyes raked the room searching for a target for his anger .
va	PAST	" Fine , then , " Charles conceded .
va	PAST	Harriet patted my shoulder .
va	PRES	" The party is over , " Wills tells them , echoing Elliott .
va	PRES	" Chase Chandler . "
va	PAST	" Details , details , " Camden complained with a groan .
va	PAST	A double line of men in chain and leather marched past her carriage , their livery black and red .
va	PRES	I wil not al ow it . "
va	PRES	Many houses nearer Mayfair housed fine ladies , who might have begun their lives as gentlemen 's daughters .
va	PRES	" His vibe ? "
va	PRES	I tilted her head up to look at me .
va	PRES	But what a father does speaks volumes in seconds to their heart .
va	PRES	This skill actually saves his life in the upcoming novel entitled The Milk Run when he encounters a being who claims he is God .
va	PAST	" Watch me " Parker smirked .
va	PRES	Katherine laughed , " Oh my gosh .
va	PRES	" So , they trade food for wine that costs food to make - maybe less food .
va	PRES	She tips her hips back toward me , giving me an even deeper penetration .
va	PAST	She patted the seat next to her .
va	PAST	Resisting the urge to take a quick look around the corner , he beckoned Peter closer .
va	PRES	Water skiing , surfing , swimming .
va	PAST	Several of the other guests clapped and laughed .
va	PRES	This 18k word story includes teasing , dancing , and two women competing to give a lucky billionaire all he could ever ask for .
va	PRES	She picks up a sticky pad and writes something down .
va	PRES	" Alpha Flight ? "
va	PRES	" Look , it doesn 't matter what that rag sheet said or didn 't say , Maya .
va	PAST	She rounded on Jamie .
va	PRES	Something flickers in his eyes .
va	PAST	Andy 's face flushed a little with embarrassment .
va	PRES	He moves toward me , as if he 's going to hug me , but I hold up a hand .
va	PRES	" A saddle ! "
va	PRES	I release the strand from the iron and a hot curl bounces on my neck .
va	PAST	After 30 seconds , Alex switched the sight to thermal imagery .
va	PRES	You owe me , remember ? "
va	PRES	Edward lifts it off the counter top and hands it to her .
va	PRES	For Noah , the future includes a redhead , and mine includes a blonde .
va	PAST	Jackie trembled around him , holding him close and panting .
va	PAST	He scanned the faces of the Council .
va	PRES	Jemima : ' Oh , everyone stop being so down on the place .
va	PAST	Tears glistened in Martha 's eyes as she stepped back and waved them in .
va	PRES	" Or cook for us ? "
va	PRES	Because the end of our stay is like the same black hole Mary Ann sends us to whenever Aden nears her .
va	PAST	The smile that curved her lips warmed Carmine from the inside .
va	PAST	Vee lugged me to the side of the house , out of sight .
va	PAST	I pried my eyes away from how beautifully erotic she looked and stepped behind her , wrapping her wrists in the tape .
va	PRES	He searches my eyes .
va	PRES	He wipes a few tears away before he starts to lean in .
va	PAST	The little fox trotted off in his direction .
va	PRES	Serena tucks her legs for one more roll then straightens them to stand .
va	PAST	She arched an eyebrow at his arrogance . " '
va	PRES	Don 't you realise they 're trying to take David away from me ? '
va	PAST	She pasted a cheery smile on her face and nodded .
va	PRES	Then , unexpected , he lunges for the pocket of my skirt , where I stash my tips .
va	PAST	Lando often complained about their father too , but then , he was a chronic complainer .
va	PAST	He finally tore his eyes away and returned his attention to his plate .
va	PRES	James mumbles that he 's going to get our bag from the van .
va	PAST	He plucked her keys from her hand and helped her walk to the front door .
va	PAST	she commanded , and switched of the phone .
va	PRES	He then drops his club and clutches his stomach .
va	PRES	I lo ... " Before he could get the words out , Suzy put her hand over his mouth .
va	PAST	Drake flexed his muscles ; he and his brother were just as broad across the shoulders as Dragon and Crane and they were all tattooed .
va	PRES	Several long incense sticks burned in a glass vase by the window ; their smoke wafting elegantly into the air .
va	PAST	I fixed his mistakes . "
va	PAST	Inevitably her thoughts drifted to Xavier .
va	PAST	She wandered out to the bathroom to get a wad of damp paper towel , then set about wiping down her work space .
va	PRES	" You rattled him ? "
va	PRES	In the Quad , a few thousand students mill about .
va	PRES	" Suing her ass would do them some good , " Tim mumbles .
va	PAST	As the soldiers carried me , the crowd beyond the gates chanted , " Huntress !
va	PAST	Her lacy sleeve dipped in to touch it .
va	PAST	She blurred and shimmered back into her own form .
va	PRES	The red velvet curtain drops , and the lights go up for the first of two intermissions .
va	PRES	and then he arrives and turns my life upside-down !
va	PRES	Colors of purple pierced bright oranges and deep dark reds the color of blood .
va	PAST	A spat of electricity popped .
va	PRES	' ... and spat out , ' finished Jordan .
va	PRES	She responds instantly , grabbing my hair , pulling me closer , tangling her tongue with mine .
va	PRES	' Well ... yes ... but , I du n no , I mean ... well ... Cliff ?
va	PRES	I reckon that a lot of women wouldn 't want to talk about her , that they wouldn 't want to be compared or something . "
va	PAST	Every single one , they wrote return to sender across the envelope .
va	PRES	I jerk in my seat , aware no one else heard him say this , but feeling like a huge spotlight has been thrown on me nonetheless .
va	PAST	Nell levered herself back to where she could reach the hole .
va	PAST	The bard sang , " The knight he came to save the lass and shoved his lance up the dragon 's ... " " Hey ! "
va	PAST	" We celebrated . "
va	PRES	" That 's how much I love you , " he tells me .
va	PAST	Over the hours , the question tweaked his concern in an eerie , ill-defined blueprint .
va	PAST	Something her father always said bubbled up from memory .
va	PRES	Different rules apply to disciples .
va	PRES	Not even Wes , orders a Caesar salad . "
va	PAST	I escaped down the hall and into my bedroom , where I opened my dresser drawer and pulled out the trailer lease agreement .
va	PRES	When he settles back onto his knee , he wipes a tear away from his own eyes .
va	PRES	" Tell Enzo whatever you like , " he growls .
va	PRES	Face the car . "
va	PAST	Servants of the rich handed over cards stamped " Exception " at the high-security back door loading dock and filled their vans with an abundance of food .
va	PAST	Jim 's eyes sparked with green .
va	PRES	As if he didn 't have more pressing matters to attend to .
va	PRES	She squeezes my hand , then loosens it .
va	PAST	He undid the clasp and the necklace dropped into his hands with the pendant .
va	PRES	We both spook easily .
va	PRES	" Please , sit down Miss Divine or is it Mrs. " " She sat down and sweetly said , Oh , it 's Mrs " . "
va	PRES	I poke her side which wakes her up and thus a tickle war rages on !
va	PRES	You intend to do me hill ?
va	PAST	All the extra free time has allowed me to read myself into sexual frustration as well , " she complained .
va	PRES	Peter shrugs out of Anthony 's hold .
va	PAST	Ricky switched the monitor view .
va	PAST	She tore off a piece , shoved it in her mouth , and cheered , " I 'm off to draw ! "
va	PRES	His lips twitched , the gold flecks in the emerald eyes more pronounced in the sunlight that filtered through the high , arched windows .
va	PAST	A handful of men were on duty , stationed at each floor currently occupied by a prisoner , but not on the stairs themselves .
va	PAST	She wiggled through the gap , only sticking once .
va	PRES	We require minors to be eighteen before they can volunteer . "
va	PAST	Her hand trembled as she signed for the letter .
va	PAST	The pearl white car glimmered in the moon light .
va	PAST	Jake straightened up like he had had an electric shock .
va	PAST	In her experience , something visual always prompted an innate curiosity in practically everyone .
va	PRES	He swipes the cubes from the table back into the glass .
va	PRES	* * * Lucy Ann hated weddings .
va	PAST	He surged upward , and Teague and Bowen both leaped to push him back and they held him against the pillows .
va	PAST	He commented that he was delighted with the uptake .
va	PRES	" He also tells me that the practice schedule conflicts with your community service assignment . "
va	PAST	Ambiguous Clarity smirked , " Our laws are whatever my friends in power want them to be .
va	PRES	" As if I owed him for dropping that cap in the woods . "
va	PAST	My body sang with pleasure .
va	PRES	A vase breaks into pieces .
va	PRES	" I 'll be seeing you in Hell , " he spat .
va	PAST	he questioned , looking down lovingly into her eyes .
va	PAST	I wrote a program in Visual FoxPro to simulate their orbits .
va	PRES	He stabs the sword in the dirt and forces our weight on it .
va	PAST	he prompted , raising a brow .
va	PRES	" Grant Bristol ? "
va	PRES	Try not to fight it .
va	PRES	" Oh my gosh , you better not ! "
va	PRES	Suddenly finding the pavement extremely interesting , I hid behind my hair , praying he would not see the fiery blush tainting my cheeks .
va	PRES	Raven spit into her hands and stumbled forward toward Jacques 's motionless body .
va	PRES	He shrugs as if pondering that over .
va	PRES	" Rest , Eva , " he tells me .
va	PAST	He smirked , throwing her a look .
va	PAST	I popped forward and kissed him quickly .
va	PRES	He moves closer to me .
va	PRES	My heart just about drops into my stomach as a shock pulsates through me .
va	PAST	When Zook 's fingers brushed against the glimmer a ripple of blue light radiated out from them .
va	PAST	He straightened us out , and then slowed to a stop at the stop sign .
va	PRES	Besides , look at the family you did raise .
va	PAST	The vampire frowned , leant forward for a closer look , then snorted .
va	PAST	Shane dug in his bag and brought out wad of gauze .
va	PAST	He parted the sea of bodies between him and the door that the band had arrived through .
va	PAST	Dormer coughed and pulled Haven closer to him .
va	PRES	" Does the lack of hearing in your left ear contribute to that sensation ? "
va	PRES	Of course , they all known English as well if anyone cares to talk to them .
va	PRES	I screech from my now upside down position .
va	PAST	He cursed softly , burying his face in my neck and holding himself still .
va	PAST	" Well aren 't we cozy , " he drawled .
va	PAST	Liz reached out , patted him on the head without opening her eyes .
va	PAST	The sensations flooded my body making me want more of him , but he pulled away .
va	PAST	As promised , General Varro and some of his men escorted them about ten miles from the main gate .
va	PRES	" You cowards disgust me .
va	PAST	Have you discussed marriage ? '
va	PRES	A powerful wind radiates in all directions , casting a blinding curtain of sand from the room 's center .
va	PRES	Your servant for time immortal . "
va	PRES	It transports you instantly from one place to another by means of your passing through it .
va	PAST	" He seems to be a nice commander , " commented Ellen and smiled .
va	PRES	You create it when you keep going from girl to girl ! "
va	PAST	She launched herself from the floor to throw her arms around him .
va	PAST	X-ray images of rib cages and internal organs were tacked up on the walls .
va	PRES	Holiday 's expression hardened .
va	PAST	Donovan 's brothers scowled .
va	PAST	They sheathed their swords and started down the gangway .
va	PRES	One of the French bodyguards from Sophie 's room down the hall yells , " Pierre ? "
va	PAST	Blinking furiously , she ducked her head and swiped it away , hoping Lucas didn 't see .
va	PAST	" Saved them ... from a fate far worse than death , " Tabitha said , staring into Jacobs eyes , " then he escaped . "
va	PAST	" See , " Maddy stressed , pointing to her recent success case .
va	PRES	The fact is , lacking time to think , I just react .
va	PAST	Donovan 's heart softened at the earnestness in her eyes and her impassioned speech .
va	PAST	Then suddenly , from beyond , a toilet flushed .
va	PAST	The prince sheathed his own dagger and took a small breath .
va	PRES	Her gaze shoots up to meet mine .
va	PAST	He stamped his foot reassuringly on the ice .
va	PRES	And all the records you want . "
va	PRES	Her long black hair smokes from recently having been on fire and her face is grimy .
va	PRES	She bends down , bowing to me .
va	PAST	Once this was done , he ducked and climbed down into the passageway , careful to plant the heel of his boot into each carved hold .
va	PAST	" Becca , oh my God , Becca , " Marshall moaned .
va	PRES	Bishop pulls his hat down another inch .
va	PAST	" There 's blood everywhere , " he wailed .
va	PRES	" And Isabelle ? "
va	PRES	" Dagger , I think your equipment is trying to tell me something , " Tyler reports , his eyes squinting at the data .
va	PAST	Captain Miller nodded toward a pile of papers heaped on his desk .
va	PRES	But he pulls back , again only giving me part of himself .
va	PRES	" I am not your toy , " I nearly spit .
va	PRES	I reckon I do , Jim . '
va	PRES	And the type to draw needless attention to it in a desperate attempt to shame them so that they would change clothes . "
va	PRES	she exclaims , like we are best buds and our minds are in synch .
va	PRES	A sob escapes my clenched teeth , opening the floodgates .
va	PRES	The scream catches in my throat as he enters the room and shuts the door behind him .
va	PAST	Bert 's mind cramped .
va	PAST	The guilt nestled itself in his stomach like a parasite .
va	PRES	" We could spend the day nak * d. " I raise a brow .
va	PAST	At that , Mrs. K straightened and her eyes focused on Julia .
va	PAST	She shuddered , taking a deep breath as she tried hard to keep herself under control .
va	PAST	Sighing with exasperation , I poked his arm and asked again .
va	PAST	I grumbled , even though to my new bat taste buds , the insect crunched and tasted pretty good .
va	PAST	Edging around the corner of the house , she peeked up on the porch and saw no one .
va	PRES	We made Mr. Callum your tour guide , " he tells me .
va	PRES	He shrugs and I think I might like him a bit more because of it .
va	PAST	" ' The devils also believe , and tremble ' , " Mr. Bundy quoted , issuing an unpleasant laugh followed by a rattling cough .
va	PRES	" Outside the law huh ? "
va	PRES	" I du n no what happened .
va	PAST	And then I straightened .
va	PAST	The same rumors that whispered of a Hunter 's ability to cloak himself in shadows , also hinted that they could smell a lie a mile off .
va	PAST	Next she fished out some khaki capris and handed them to me .
va	PRES	She waits for me there inside the shop .
va	PAST	" I 'll send scouts back down to check the trail , " he assured Allan .
va	PRES	Des runs around the corner of the pavilion , panting .
va	PRES	Think of it more like you had sex with a friend of your great grandmother . "
va	PRES	My blood runs cold .
va	PAST	They quickly favored the idea of a new station where each of them would be given an honorary position .
va	PAST	But the part of him that had suffered snorted at her despair .
va	PAST	But then she whimpered and ... Damn it .
va	PRES	Livvy peppers me with questions .
va	PAST	The dog lunged , then darted back .
va	PAST	They marched the girls to a hidden door in the floor .
va	PAST	The old duke now sported devil horns and round spectacles .
va	PAST	He planted a kiss on my temple .
va	PRES	Including the fact that you ... Ah , yes , indeed , it is true . "
va	PRES	When I had moved back a few steps , I tripped and fell down .
va	PAST	And in spite of the situation and what she 'd just said , his heart softened with love and admiration for her .
va	PRES	No regrets for what they had done .
va	PAST	As long as it belonged to you , perhaps .
va	PRES	" As I was saying , Grace , Your world needs you , demands you leadership .
va	PAST	As he turned , he raked out with his poisonous claws , uncaring where he struck , only seeking to inject venom into his adversary .
va	PAST	Miriam avoided catching Neil 's eye .
va	PAST	" I invited you to come , remember ? "
va	PRES	" National Guard ? "
va	PRES	This whack job records his distorted voice on tape and then calls the station and uses the recording ? "
va	PRES	He smirks and looks me up and down .
va	PAST	Her heart quickened as another twig snapped .
va	PRES	By way of example , Mr. Knox believes that all men are equal in the sight of God and none is greater or lesser than another .
va	PAST	The ' Occupy Eugene ' Army marched into Salem to empty buildings .
va	PRES	His mouth moves against mine slowly .
va	PRES	After backing up slowly , the car vibrates as I make a right turn onto the main road and head to the office .
va	PAST	" Give me the stick , Spock , " I commanded .
va	PAST	Bee snorted with laughter .
va	PRES	Sean pulls up in front of my dorm .
va	PAST	Gottfried whirled around and walked out of the room , already on his personal communicator .
va	PRES	Jacob whispered , barely audible , " I never thought it 'd be like this .
va	PAST	" My name is Douglas Carswell , " he introduced himself at last .
va	PRES	Court me , take me , romance me .
va	PRES	" Aaah Great ! "
va	PAST	Her eyes fluttered closed , and she answered without thought .
va	PRES	She typed a few more words and then looked up at me with a smile .
va	PRES	When he nods , a piece of hair flops down over his left eye .
va	PAST	As we discussed weeks ago .
va	PRES	She believes in ideals that don 't exist and thinks that there is no wrong in the world .
va	PRES	What a truly royal treat !
va	PAST	Claire lurched forward , head down , onto the porch , struggling with an oversized suitcase .
va	PRES	" Aye , but " she hesitated , recollections of her encounter with the window at the inn filling her mind .
va	PRES	" Yeah , " Mr. Kent speaks slowly .
va	PAST	He contemplated his new assistant , trying for what had to be the millionth time to get a fix on the mystery that was Isabella Valdez .
va	PRES	* * * At ten minutes to noon , a note from the desk of Ethan Frost arrives at my cubicle .
va	PRES	The roof slopes steeply upward , coming to a sharp point high above .
va	PAST	" Bubba , you look good as a Member of the Council , " I patted Charles on the back when he let me go .
va	PAST	His eyes glistened and he backed away a little .
va	PRES	" In Earth 's lower atmosphere , an old P-51 Mustang .
va	PAST	He toed off his sneakers and stepped toward her .
va	PRES	She tells him about Maury , about how she found him not long after she saw Lee last .
va	PAST	Panic clawed at her stomach as she stared at the final stretch between her and the men .
va	PAST	he asks , his voice edged with some deep rage .
va	PRES	" Sounds like Sherry .
va	PRES	My entire body stiffens , and those red warning sirens turn back on , telling me I should stop him .
va	PRES	As he squeezed , he loosened the clamp .
va	PAST	I swallow , ignoring the tears on my cheeks .
va	PAST	She moaned as his teeth scraped across the sensitive tip and then she arched into him as he suckled her .
va	PRES	For curiosity 's sake , I tug at the bottom drawer .
va	PAST	I planted my feet , ready to swing at him or dodge the other way .
va	PRES	" About ... " " Life .
va	PRES	The blue pool lights shimmer against his back muscles as he expertly undoes Dana 's bra and pulls off her pants and underwear .
va	PAST	The more zombies approached , the faster I looped the whip and cut them down before they could even get within a foot of me .
va	PAST	Emily ducked out of their way .
va	PRES	I intend to track down those responsible for her destruction and make them pay for what they did . "
va	PRES	Leigh 's quest for justice leads her to a remote Apache camp in the company of a proud Pima Indian and a handsome cavalry officer .
va	PAST	Mel tore her eyes from the game .
va	PAST	That , combined with the packaged family and all the interesting people Caroline had met thus far , successfully piqued her raging curiosity .
va	PRES	Like Blake , the guy who says I 'm his soul mate yet ignores me and lets me go because of some unknown reason .
va	PRES	" Deny him hospitality and throw him out . "
va	PAST	Her blond eyebrows arched delicately over striking eyes of the deepest green .
va	PRES	" Because I 've worked here for years man , and I knew the place like the back o ' me hand .
va	PRES	" Sibyl - " he began , his voice patient .
va	PRES	" Don 't cry , Rory .
va	PAST	" To help me and fix things , he sold family heirlooms . "
va	PRES	She shoots me a dirty look , displeased with my disrespectful tone .
va	PAST	When she pulled away , he noted she was crying freely but she still went on .
va	PAST	Tara rode the elevator up to her floor and absently let herself back into her apartment , lost in the images of them together .
va	PRES	" I have given that a considerable amount of thought , " she tells me .
va	PAST	" Sorry , " she muttered , still distracted .
va	PRES	My skin responds immediately to the harsh pain and I immediately know it to be real .
va	PRES	He tilted my chin up to look at me , and I closed my eyes .
va	PAST	Minutes later , cold water splashed around them , stealing their breath and pulling at the backpacks weighing them down .
va	PAST	The holes are all being reinforced with steel studs .
va	PRES	Ashley hands Britney a check .
va	PRES	" Is something amiss ? "
va	PRES	Sounds like they didn 't even try . "
va	PAST	One of his hands cupped her cheek as the other wrapped around her waist .
va	PAST	Zane lunged for him and wrapped him up in a hug .
va	PAST	I linked my arm with Jase 's .
va	PRES	" And we ' ave weeks yet to endure . "
va	PAST	Soft , disbelieving laughter seeped from him .
va	PRES	' ' She looks really skinny . "
va	PRES	please ... " He gaped at me for a second , and then he closed his mouth and smiled .
va	PRES	" I wasn 't ordered to , " Warrior responds simply .
va	PRES	" Probably runs into a drain . "
va	PAST	' Should make better speed here , ' Duke puffed .
va	PAST	FIVE Jared I grabbed her hand and towed her outside .
va	PAST	She moaned into his mouth and he tilted his head in response , deepening an already drowning kiss .
va	PRES	A spatial anomaly . "
va	PAST	The free fall only lasted a split second .
va	PAST	sister Roberta asked , with unspoken longing , staring at the hologram of deep space dotted by stars .
va	PRES	" Get up , Lenny !
va	PRES	Courtney Cole 23 With My Last Breath , Book Three " Ginny ... " he began , using his pet name for Guinevere .
va	PRES	Or maybe records from other cities ? "
va	PAST	Then , to Reginald : " What 's your name , big boy ? "
va	PAST	Lukas ' words ricocheted in my head .
va	PRES	" Seeing everyone reminds me not of her sacrifice to save us , but of the fact that she 's gone . "
va	PAST	I staggered out into the moonlight .
va	PRES	My hand trembles at the revelation .
va	PAST	He escorted her to a chair , stood beside her while she rested .
va	PRES	Justin grit his teeth .
va	PRES	" And never without researching a new topic first . "
va	PRES	Icarus never emerges on the surface , to swim away , and try in vain to reform his wings and fly once more .
va	PRES	Michael hid in the hollow of a burned-out tree at the edge of the village and watched to see where that man would go to sleep .
va	PAST	" I kind of sort of invited him down yesterday .
va	PRES	I fidget and she hates it .
va	PRES	He rests his elbow on the car , his eyes penetrating under my skin .
va	PAST	We marched steadily upwards , instinctively navigating the tunnels , wading through water and waste .
va	PRES	And she pulls out the ' roids for the win ! "
va	PRES	In front of me , his shaggy eyebrows raise , making him look kind of startled again .
va	PRES	Heat flares over my skin , melting the ice from earlier .
va	PRES	' Sleeping basket , food , bowls for water and food , collar and leash , dog shampoo ... the whole works .
va	PRES	If possible , her eyes harden even further .
va	PAST	As she watched , the edge of one of the curtains fluttered .
va	PAST	She snuggled against me , wrapping her arms around my torso as if I was a pillow .
va	PRES	He grit his teeth as he thrust his h * ps upward and I felt the full length of him inside me .
va	PAST	Then , right in front of my face , she planted a big kiss directly on Rigel 's mouth .
va	PRES	" These beings wander amongst you creating interesting and often bizarre situations for you to observe .
va	PAST	" Go on , my lover , " she said in a voice that quivered , trembled .
va	PRES	" Yeah , but a little alcohol would have done us fine , " Dante responds .
va	PRES	Moving down to stand in front of her waist , I bend and put my tongue against the skin of her stomach .
va	PRES	It starts with a light prickle in my ankle , then moves to a radiating pain in my skull .
va	PAST	A maid bustled around the room , arranging flowers in an effort to scent the room with something pleasant .
va	PRES	For example , a man 's personal belongings retain some bit of his vitality ; and the body and bones , surely .
va	PAST	Andy longed for her mother .
va	PAST	The herd whirled and raced away from the meadow , back into the forest .
va	PRES	Logan covers his too .
va	PAST	So the court martial concentrated on his ' misappropriation of medical supplies ' instead .
va	PAST	Beside her , Gregori concentrated on the entrances to his lair , sealing them with ancient spells .
va	PRES	He rolls his eyes , appearing irritated .
va	PRES	" Would you prefer I kept those thoughts private ? "
va	PAST	Shaking off his disbelief , Jeremy fired another round at the male .
va	PRES	" Any leads in the sorcery area ? "
va	PAST	Then she wheeled herself out of the kitchen and into the hall , out of sight .
va	PAST	Before us is a vast room at least ten stories high illuminated by dim track lighting .
va	PRES	A boardwalk leads to the beach that 's private for inn guests .
va	PRES	" Not one of my priorities frankly . "
va	PRES	" I don 't know , " she said , breathless , her pupils dilated , her temper frantic .
va	PRES	Then he adds , " Not like the other four guys in the car , kicking and screaming . "
va	PRES	" They said , ' Think of how many people will be eating it . '
va	PAST	" You 'll - " Turning , she marched from the diner , head high , shoulders squared .
va	PRES	An electric pain stabs out from my finger and radiates through my head , as if I shocked myself .
va	PAST	The elder man snorted .
va	PAST	We delivered the food to the kitchen , where the women were in charge .
va	PAST	Balthazar stubbed out his cigarette on the stone windowsill .
va	PRES	" Watch , " he adds , pressing the intercom button that allows him to communicate with Agata from outside of the room .
va	PAST	Kali reacted , flinching away violently .
va	PRES	" Getting out of here , huh ? "
va	PRES	" Because you 're the big , bad alpha ? "
va	PRES	he yells to Eight .
va	PRES	The smoke now hid most of the stairs and I feared it would overcome us if we tried to go down them .
va	PAST	Nick chanted the words to himself , pushing the negative thoughts to the back of his mind .
va	PRES	" To raise my family in peace .
va	PRES	" The castle ? "
va	PRES	We scoot around awkwardly until I 'm positioned in front of the sink , and then he drapes a towel over the front of my dress .
va	PAST	A huge oak tree , its hanging branches draped in moss , loomed out of the fog , and we stopped beneath the ragged curtains .
va	PRES	My stomach knots up .
va	PAST	A small possession on the shores of Como belonged to him .
va	PRES	She slaps him across the face , doing more damage to her hand than to R17 .
va	PAST	So I raced through the open doorway and ducked into the mausoleum , stopping inside the entrance .
va	PRES	Ellis knocks back his drink .
va	PAST	I straddled the line between living and dead , so I didn 't belong with them .
va	PRES	" Eve Thompson ? "
va	PRES	The gold flecks in his eyes glittered with amusement .
va	PRES	" I apologize that I couldn 't find your gun .
va	PRES	Sometimes when your goal is surviving , the moment slips away from you .
va	PAST	With remarkable speed the old woman darted forwards with her arms outstretched and her crinkled lips puckered and waiting .
va	PAST	We invited them to dinner . "
va	PAST	" He 's still groggy , " Martin informed me when he had hung up the phone .
va	PAST	He clawed my chest .
va	PRES	She meets my eyes .
va	PAST	Arm materialized , and then sword , for the first quick slash of his dark flesh .
va	PAST	He laughed ruefully , his square jaw softened by the movement .
va	PAST	I whimpered at the sight of it , wanting him .
va	PAST	From it dribbled a steady stream of silver blood .
va	PAST	Her lashes fluttered over her blue eyes and he lost a part of himself to her .
va	PRES	He rests his head on my shoulder .
va	PRES	" Playing the insanity card does tend to throw people off their game . "
va	PRES	Something irrational that makes them terrified beyond reason .
va	PAST	She 's watching me closely , her eyes locked on my hand , her lips parted seemingly in fascination .
va	PAST	Four doctors had testified in behalf of the defendant and it looked overwhelmingly in the defendant 's favor .
va	PAST	A flare of pain rippled up from my lower back to sprinkle shivers across my shoulders and I tensed as Jake hovered above me , not moving .
va	PRES	" It 's our version of Italian Espresso , " she tells me as she closes her eyes and takes a long gulp .
va	PAST	He winked to the edge of it and looked down to where people from the Fifth Reality were fighting Jane 's creatures .
va	PAST	" Police , " Doris Freeman croaked .
va	PRES	I couldn 't see Mel , but I could hear her , screams so melancholy they neared a song .
va	PRES	she yells and looks between Bishop and me .
va	PAST	She challenged us to seek our own peace , and to not apologize for it . "
va	PAST	Everything Sasuke did resurfaced in my mind all of sudden .
va	PAST	Then he staggered upright , looked around at the rolling fields , and disappeared behind a hedge for the moment .
va	PAST	The audience clapped and cheered , but the band was pretty sure their adulation was for the snowplows , not for them .
va	PAST	Elena ducked out of sight when Andrei went to answer it .
va	PAST	She paced back and forth , silently cursing everything from the gods on high to the lowly puffs of dirt that she kicked up .
va	PRES	" Bring your books out here , " I suggest casually , testing the bolts on the manifold .
va	PAST	" A couple of us popped in there last week to cut off all electrics before Yorkshire Electricity cut off the whole building .
va	PAST	Carly huddled in the corner , arms wrapped around herself , shivering , her teeth chattering .
va	PRES	While the stones did seem to be volcanic , no mortar glued them together .
va	PAST	Fluffy snorted at this bit of liberal apostasy .
va	PAST	Her attitude , the calm way she was watching him , unnerved Rich more than anything .
va	PRES	This isn ´ t a rollercoaster ride .
va	PRES	" And that includes even our worst possible enemy ... the Antichrist himself .
va	PAST	The assembly rooms had been decorated for the dance , all draped in garlands of flowers .
va	PAST	The Fuse patted John and discovered a tranquilizer gun tucked away inside of his overcoat , along with a few throwing stars .
va	PRES	Kneeling in the sand , he picks through the crude rope and logs , and I crouch down beside him .
va	PRES	I jerk away but the shiny thing in his pocket is pulled out and discreetly aimed at my back .
va	PRES	Wren narrowed his eyes on his father in case he misunderstood Maggie 's words .
va	PRES	She looked at Max and held out her hand , palm upwards .
va	PAST	" You made this mess , " I grumbled .
va	PRES	" Did you find it , Rhyme ? "
va	PRES	' Oh , aye . '
va	PAST	Led by the maid , the three travellers descended a wide staircase directly into the main room of the house .
va	PAST	Sure , Emily whined sometimes and occasionally rolled her eyes .
va	PRES	Her color does seem a bit odd , it almost minds me of a legend I once heard . "
va	PRES	Then he picks it back up for examination .
va	PAST	They rode up to him , big grins on their faces , and as he dismounted they clapped him hard on the back , as old friends .
va	PRES	Not because he betrayed me .
va	PRES	I plug in my chronometer and lift up my shoeless foot .
va	PRES	" ... Winston . "
va	PAST	Dan 's posture straightened when she entered the room .
va	PAST	Alarmed , Vann whirled , his lightning rod coming to his hand .
va	PRES	I filter through the contents of my small bag to find my smart pen .
va	PRES	He valet parked , grabbed one of my bags and his only bag and walked us in .
va	PRES	One of Dina 's friends chimes in .
va	PAST	Watching Jess 's body in the moonlight ranked right up there with the Seven Wonders of the World .
va	PAST	Drumheller winked at me .
va	PAST	Susan patted his cheek .
va	PAST	" Nothing to worry about , Clay , " she assured me , waving me in so she could close the door .
va	PAST	Remnants of her orgasm glinted in the faint bathroom light .
va	PRES	Takes thousands of years .
va	PRES	To my surprise , the bag moves .
va	PAST	Bethan 's voice croaked with lack of use .
va	PRES	Haul anchor and prepare to unfurl the sails ! "
va	PRES	His tongue snakes out a lightly traces the tip of my ear .
va	PRES	I stretch out on the soft plastic bed .
va	PRES	" In addition to steak , salad and asparagus .
va	PRES	He positions himself and goes for a killer .
va	PRES	It involves some pretty expensive equipment and you don 't request one unless you have proof there might be something underground which needs discovering . "
va	PAST	The wind tore in off the ocean , bits of spray pinging on the windshield .
va	PRES	" Something tells me you were going to say too rich . "
va	PRES	I maintain my gaze and gesture out at the desert .
va	PAST	As her body betrayed her and snuggled closer to him , her mind latched on a way out of her first thing in the morning predicament .
va	PRES	" You 're such a show off , " I remark .
va	PRES	Will threads his way through and claims a table .
va	PRES	In the Gnostic myths she creates the god of the Old Testament , Yahweh , almost by accident .
va	PRES	She leads them in a sharp curve , practically cutting through the mass of Society gathered behind them .
va	PRES	The skin of my wrist aches , even though he didn 't grip me that hard .
va	PRES	She hid on the bottom shelf of the pet aisle behind several bags of dog food .
va	PRES	" You owe me nothing . "
va	PRES	" Fine , " I growl , and I turn on my heel and leave .
va	PRES	A slight breeze moves the hair above my ears .
va	PRES	Walked out of an econ lecture and never looked back . '
va	PAST	Wild eyed , hair flying , his supervisor tore towards the guards and their big black guns .
va	PRES	I tripped and fell to the ground , and it took me a very long moment to get back up .
va	PRES	It reminds me too much of the way Luthor looks at me , as if I 'm a thing , not a person .
va	PAST	Her eyes drifted to stare blankly up at the sky .
va	PAST	She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively .
va	PRES	" Right , I 'm just going to let you wander around at night alone . "
va	PAST	However , as she raised her arm , a flock of screaming ravens suddenly descended from nowhere , flapping around her .
va	PRES	Adel speaks softly , " You 're not the other woman .
va	PRES	He tilted his head to the side , how could she win him over with that smile .
va	PAST	Taking a deep breath , I processed what he 'd said .
va	PAST	Then one of em snatched off my cap and I knew I wasn 't asleep .
va	PAST	He braided the fingers of his hands into a single fist .
va	PAST	Rhapsody blushed self-consciously and then laughed at the indulgent smiles of the small group of doctors and nurses watching her .
va	PAST	He challenged her , and she knew it .
va	PAST	The two pieces of the earth drifted together , roughly in the same orbit that the earth had once occupied .
va	PRES	As if there were anyone but the two of us this far into the swamp .
va	PAST	" I have secret methods of cooking ribeye , " Byron bragged .
va	PRES	Such a ludicrous posse to hunt a Giant !
va	PRES	she demands after a time .
va	PAST	Rage erupted inside me .
va	PRES	Turbo drops a bag on the ground .
va	PAST	" They 'll be correct , " she seethed , though her expression was flawlessly beautiful and lit up in quite an enchanting forced smile .
va	PAST	Upon more than one level , he reluctantly conceded as he moved up the steps to Simone s town house .
va	PRES	But from where I 'm standing , competent enough . "
va	PRES	" And sometimes vampires register as a void on spells created for humans .
va	PRES	He pulls my dress over my dripping sex .
va	PRES	She slaps at him again and I have to laugh .
va	PAST	I flexed my inner magic , pushing the muted gold , my signature mixed with the demon essence , outward .
va	PRES	" It breaks my heart to think of you going through this .
va	PAST	He punctuated his last statement with an accusatory jab of his finger .
va	PRES	They were identical in size and shape , both being circles the size of a large coin , except in color .
va	PAST	Release her to me immediately , " Calvin thundered .
va	PRES	" Or reports of weakened conditions with no medical explanation . "
va	PAST	They shouldered the door , pushed into our house .
va	PRES	He runs his fingers through his hair .
va	PRES	" Thanks , " I spat some water and rinsed my face .
va	PRES	" Em - " Tears sparkled in her eyes .
va	PRES	Lina finally calmed and began to show the first real stages of regret .
va	PAST	Without warning he hurled himself at the older boy , pummelling him in the face and stomach .
va	PRES	' Because you crashed my wedding and tried to slash my bride ? '
va	PAST	He suspected this was a carefully strategized campaign to keep him at a distance .
va	PAST	A bare-chested man embraced a woman with his hands up the back of her shirt .
va	PAST	She texted him back : I love you , too .
va	PAST	" This place is much bigger than ours , " I commented as we gazed around the crowded common room and kitchen .
va	PRES	" She 's not you , " Rex responds .
va	PAST	With her fingers , Sara dug a hole into the dirt .
va	PAST	Stacia 's eyebrows nearly lurched to the ceiling .
va	PRES	" Because little girls who ditch class don 't get to go anywhere , " Mom reminds her .
va	PRES	He lowers my shirt .
va	PAST	Jen patted her hair self-consciously .
va	PAST	Flames scorched my already heated skin .
va	PAST	Styx halted too far away for Viper to strike without warning .
va	PAST	I 'm not doing too bad , he assured her .
va	PRES	Jesse startles me by tugging me onto his lap .
va	PRES	Prewitt pulls back , when I hug tighter .
va	PRES	I suspect I 'll be here another few nights . "
va	PAST	Paul lunged onto the fishing rods and tackle box as they scooted from the wall .
va	PAST	The burly Irishman hoisted himself into the back of the wooden wagon and raised his arms to the gathering crowd .
va	PRES	Well , you ' re probably going to think I ´ m crazy but I swear it was real .
va	PAST	Heat and passion erupted from our lips .
va	PAST	She draped a linen napkin across her lap , eyeing the cup of creamy crab soup .
va	PAST	Brooke and Ben swapped glances .
va	PAST	I shuddered , I was going to throw up , no I would not have kids ; I would never allow them to go through this misery .
va	PRES	He shines the flashlight all around .
va	PAST	Holding the mouse , Niles 's hand trembled , the cursor quivering on the screen .
va	PRES	" It tells me way too much about your past . "
va	PAST	Two hundred lancers of her personal bodyguard assured her safety .
va	PRES	" Ellen Rose . "
va	PAST	Her Highness staggered back to the chair and collapsed into it .
va	PRES	He repeatedly shoots glances over his shoulder at me .
va	PAST	I contemplated making a run for the door , but was unsure if I could make it without stumbling in the dark .
va	PRES	" The lords ! "
va	PRES	I intend to wipe out my enemies and make life safer for all .
va	PAST	The pair descended as she and Rodrigo headed on an intercept course .
va	PRES	Gary yells from behind me , but I ignore him .
va	PAST	A shower of sparks erupted .
va	PRES	" Hmmm ... " His fingers tangle through my hair as he press a kiss to my jawline .
va	PAST	Brick wandered behind the bar .
va	PRES	My attention wanders quickly away from the screen to Katarina 's face , which has gone soft with attention to the film 's plot .
va	PRES	Facing four games the first day , we swallow our pride and recruit a backpacking Englishman named James .
va	PRES	" And what about the tapes ? "
va	PAST	I rode along the gaps left by the missing rails until I reached the basement entrance to Elijah Blue 's cafe .
va	PAST	Instead , what attracted the most attention to him was something else , someone else .
va	PRES	As the waitress clears our plates , Landon excuses himself to go to the bathroom .
va	PRES	" And ... each evening we spend together ends in atom splitting , planet shifting , nuclear meltdown worthy sex . "
va	PAST	She appreciated it when Marcus didn 't make a big deal out of how nice the room was .
va	PAST	Sam winced , and then offered apologetically , " Yeah .
va	PRES	Fox just shrugs and gives me a quick glance .
va	PRES	Nora shuts the engine and sits dumbfounded .
va	PRES	" And what about Junior Commander Tork ? "
va	PAST	Again she scanned the countryside , still all was silent .
va	PAST	A moan of pleasure escaped him .
va	PRES	He circles the rag lightly over his genitals a few times .
va	PRES	" The Company ? "
va	PRES	That irritated the generals , and there were a number of ugly incidents .
va	PRES	" She drinks it .
va	PAST	" Don 't worry , I have a plan , " he assured her .
va	PAST	When he took it from my fingers , I noted the blood on his knuckles and gasped .
va	PRES	Agent Gillett 's eyes hardened , and I saw again that purpose that had made me believe he would find my father 's killer .
va	PAST	Silver tear marks streaked her pale cheeks .
va	PAST	" His blood won 't help anyone else Bishop , " I informed him before he got too carried away .
va	PAST	She trembled from the dark threat , but her body begged him for more , to show her everything he had and not hold back .
va	PRES	He drops to his knees and his fingers brush my temple .
va	PRES	We hid behind a wall and watched .
va	PRES	Eventually he lowers his head to my chest and rests his cheek against my breast while I trace the back of his neck with my finger .
va	PRES	My father rolls up the sleeves of his shirt like he 's getting ready to perform surgery .
va	PAST	I snuggled in tight against him .
va	PAST	My words erupted as more wail than comment .
va	PAST	But Myka ... his body embraced them .
va	PRES	A shiver runs up my spine and pools between my legs in a delicious ache .
va	PRES	And no one stabs at me .
va	PAST	Father Tomas questioned his new Brother .
va	PRES	I scratched at the lid , and shavings came off under my nails .
va	PAST	He poked into the refrigerator .
va	PRES	Rann views Rex , nodding then grins at Ty when Joy kisses his check .
va	PAST	He fired again and Addie stumbled as the bullet hit her chest .
va	PRES	" Try not to talk Darlin ' .
va	PRES	I perk up at the thought .
va	PRES	Her mouth quirks into a small smile .
va	PAST	Still in shock , her thoughts raced ahead to the family gathering planned for the next day .
va	PRES	" Sam , who was supposed to watch over the pack , huh ?
va	PRES	He picks up a tub of cream .
va	PAST	" You 're injured too , " he noted .
va	PRES	But , hatred rarely creates that measure of bitterness and frustration .
va	PAST	She edged away from the precipice toward Larry .
va	PAST	As we spoke of him , the German shepherd wandered into the light .
va	PAST	Despite the heat from all the torches , Rema shuddered .
va	PAST	Overcome by a rush of emotion , I slung my arm around his waist .
va	PAST	Padme silently cursed herself for losing her composure before shuffling into mess hall .
va	PAST	Hunter raced to the side of the car .
va	PAST	But her sister only grumbled that they had used her own iron to make it impervious to her sharpest stones .
va	PRES	He rolls over and turns to me .
va	PRES	A few kilometres away , the river ends in mid-air .
va	PRES	She slips into the Great Hall , taking her place in the shadows , unnoticed .
va	PAST	Her head popped up beside him , and he snaked his arm around her waist .
va	PAST	Nolen hefted the scourge in his hand .
va	PRES	That includes the occasional breather to let the drill cool off .
va	PAST	her cousin commanded eagerly .
va	PAST	Shadows receded until there was only the bed of flowers and the fragrance and scent of man and woman calling to each other .
va	PRES	" So ... fucking ... good . "
va	PRES	" If so , then I apologize . "
va	PAST	' All the women who are independent , ' " she sang , swaying in time to the imaginary music .
va	PAST	His eyes darted to Gunner , then right back to her .
va	PAST	Sam 's heart thundered against the wall of his chest and he wondered if he 'd ever get used to her saying those words to him .
va	PAST	With a roll of my eyes , I playfully nudged his shoulder and looked up in time to see Lainie puttering down the path to the car .
va	PAST	We raced down the road , ignoring my mother 's orders to take my time .
va	PRES	" You owe him and he will break your legs , my old man . "
va	PRES	" You dump the garbage into other people 's heads ?
va	PAST	As his tears began to form , his legs quickened .
va	PAST	" Stop , " Lloyd commanded .
va	PRES	Strangely enough , it calmed me being in the warm tiny room .
va	PAST	Kaitlyn whirled to see the most unlikely person imaginable .
va	PAST	The nerves wilted down ; someone was here to give me an update .
va	PRES	Aria soon realizes there is something terrible in the crowd .
va	PAST	She tore through the garage , into the hall leading to the back stairs into the main house .
va	PRES	And your ghost . "
va	PAST	Madeline arched a dark , delicate eyebrow .
va	PRES	" Mr. Collins . "
va	PAST	After the prayer the pastor issued an invitation to make a public profession of faith by those feeling God 's tug to come forward .
va	PAST	Then I fired up the EVA suit , leaving the helmet off .
va	PAST	Her cheeks flushed at the thought .
va	PRES	My hand trembles as I summon another breath , then giving myself no time to back out , I sink the needle into his skin .
va	PRES	Mr. Robinson tells me that the Wench is safe .
va	PAST	" One can see things fifty miles away , " he informed us .
va	PAST	Suddenly another sound erupted from the darkness .
va	PAST	As she waited for her drink , Olivia 's mind drifted back to the song she was singing before Alexander arrived .
va	PRES	" Nobody 's relationship is perfect , " Cassie clarified .
va	PAST	He sheathed his dagger .
va	PRES	We 've been driving for like twelve hours , " Six tells Nine , shoving a bag of equipment into his chest .
va	PAST	I 'm in the middle of a lawsuit with him , actually , " his voice trembled .
va	PRES	" Hold , " the ghost commands , his voice much more stern than previous encounters .
va	PRES	The impact knocks all the wind out of me .
va	PRES	Damn , I 'm sorry , Noelle . "
va	PRES	I rather fancy one of those . "
va	PRES	" And emotional . "
va	PRES	" This year , " Jared repeated , dubious .
va	PAST	Dorothy winced , frightened .
va	PRES	How I 'm going to be tripping over those shoes you kick off all over the place ? "
va	PRES	Still he cares for me .
va	PAST	I texted Marcie and told her I couldn 't go shopping because I 'm out of money .
va	PRES	" An awkward one , I grant you , but by no means specious .
va	PAST	A juvenile male , four or five years old , impulsively scurried forward , baring his teeth .
va	PAST	" Two guys rode after him .
va	PRES	Unless you feel you need to go to the hospital first , " she added , her hand on the door latch .
va	PAST	The door sparked with a brief blue light and swung open .
va	PAST	Hysterical laughter bubbled , but I choked it back .
va	PAST	Claire counted to ten , slowly and deliberately , and got to a whispered seven before there was a casual knock on the passenger window .
va	PRES	His eyes were cold , his voice colder .
va	PAST	I wink , again .
va	PRES	" The route has been altered , " a Guardian informs , looking at a small rectangular thing in his hand .
va	PAST	Lauren had even commented how uncharacteristic the dog acted when he came over .
va	PAST	The baby , a girl called Mason , wailed from above , and Ethan sighed .
va	PRES	I tug on the glass panel , and it slides open with a squeal of protest .
va	PAST	Her small tongue poked against his , and his groin pounded even harder .
va	PRES	" All the signs .
va	PAST	The room clearly once belonged to a small child .
va	PRES	He beckons me inside and indicates I should take a seat across from his desk .
va	PRES	The Sentinels glimpse movement and hear noises when the magic of my blood is burned .
va	PRES	His dark eyes shift back to me .
va	PRES	" Is Johnny here ? "
va	PRES	None of it matters anyway , and it 's tearing you apart . "
va	PAST	A magnificent blood bay horse , the stallion , trotted back and forth as he guarded the mare and foal .
va	PRES	He quickly responds with his hands on my hips , pulling me closer to his lips .
va	PAST	The head certainly resembled a jackal 's with tall , pointed ears .
va	PAST	After the brief instrumental introduction , Olivia sauntered back to the microphone , closing her eyes and beginning the sad song .
va	PAST	Elena yanked away as soon as his grip weakened .
va	PRES	With a carefree chuckle , the skull kid hops away from the chain and around the trunk before shoving this tree over just as the one before .
va	PRES	These first set of templates create a " benchmark " within human brain which are usually created within 12-14 years of human existence .
va	PAST	As the team lined up in their positions , I launched the apple in a perfect arc .
va	PAST	She shuddered , , panting , as his tongue traced circles around her sex and his fingers rubbed and stroked .
va	PAST	Stacy 's goofy mom tended to believe that the name you chose for your child could predetermine her life .
va	PAST	The sea monster sang a challenge .
va	PRES	All my dogs in a row . "
va	PRES	Not knowing what to say , Robert picks up the folder and starts reviewing Timothy 's test scores from the military entrance exam .
va	PRES	His thumb feathered along the side of her face .
va	PRES	My chest tightens and a plaguing vision of Junie trapped under the wreckage feeds my wrath .
va	PRES	As usual , Aunt Letty listens carefully before giving an opinion .
va	PRES	Fair words and fine promises .
va	PAST	Matthews cupped his hands over his face as the blood poured out through his fingers .
va	PRES	I cringe inwardly at what I 've done , even as I feel a creeping exhilaration at my own power .
va	PRES	" A lynx , strong , cat-like animal , jumps down on its prey from above .
va	PRES	Any relation to -- ? "
va	PAST	Only a few minutes later , another email popped up in my folder .
va	PAST	A group huddled in the corner .
va	PAST	Stunned silence descended on the room .
va	PAST	She whirled to see Matt Albright loping toward her , wearing running shoes , cargo shorts , and a yellow T shirt .
va	PRES	Then suddenly Nigel yells the lyrics of the hypnotic techno song .
va	PRES	" Sounds insane , but yeah why not ?
va	PAST	As I watched , her eyes darted quickly to the right , across the road , and back again .
va	PAST	" Right here , just a few stitches , then tie the whole thing together with a loose stitch .
va	PAST	Visions of the thunderbird blinded his thoughts into a sort of confounded madness .
va	PAST	I retrieved it and looked at the screen .
va	PAST	He darted into the bathroom , doused his face with cold water , and tried to make the bruises appear less threatening .
va	PAST	Because if she needs chastising ... ' ' No ! '
va	PAST	A huge sigh drifted out as she capitulated .
va	PRES	It sends little electrical impulses up my spine .
va	PRES	' Seems like you 're already having one .
va	PRES	Please enter your votes now . "
va	PAST	Her voice sharpened a notch .
va	PRES	" Pleased to meet you , " he tells them .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down her face .
va	PRES	Serena tucks her trident under her arm and draws an arrow .
va	PAST	Emeline noted that the wardrobe could certainly be improved .
va	PRES	" To what do I owe this pleasure ? "
va	PRES	" Sylvia Silver . "
va	PRES	" I 've been trying to get him to eat them for years , but it 's useless , " Meredith jokes .
va	PAST	" Not if it were latched tight . "
va	PRES	We manage , but it is unfair to ask the Brethren generally to suffer the sight . "
va	PAST	He scrambled to find Fabian .
va	PRES	A hardcore loser . "
va	PRES	She meets my gaze for one last instant .
va	PAST	Too many people wandered about .
va	PAST	" Makes sense , " Will conceded .
va	PRES	His shirt back scratched over the rough cement wall and he froze .
va	PAST	As if that settled everything , he straightened , crossed to the pool and dove in .
va	PRES	Serena acts that way because she 's scared . "
va	PAST	Eugenie 's eyes assessed Ethan and Kelly side by side , then Brittany , finally landing on the peeling paint .
va	PRES	" Just a colleague . "
va	PAST	" Hello , Ben , " she croaked out a greeting .
va	PRES	The ball of fear that 's taken up residence in my chest since our conversation swells .
va	PRES	" I intend to answer those questions during the course of my investigation .
va	PRES	" Our benefactor is China , they realise what a great country we have .
va	PRES	And an Opal Jewel .
va	PRES	' Yeah , we propose we work the songs acoustically and busk them in the streets . '
va	PRES	She hid her irritation at Marvin 's reaction well , but it was there .
va	PRES	He angles his body away from his neighbor to greet me .
va	PAST	I texted her and didn 't get a reply , so I really began to panic .
va	PRES	" Don 't you thrive on the publicity ? "
va	PAST	Black Belt recited , " I stop , close my eyes , take a deep breath , and count to ten , " and so demonstrated .
va	PAST	She wandered around , still too wired up to relax .
va	PRES	For some reason , this irritated me .
va	PAST	The finest white silk chiffon pulled across the bodice in a tight drape , fitted to my waist .
va	PAST	With his mouth and hands he fed her desire , a heaping spoonful at a time , until there was no space left for more .
va	PRES	" But not until I confirm what Ackerman just said .
va	PAST	The blue eyes abruptly sparkled at his words .
va	PRES	They hunt down murderers . "
va	PRES	Kim looked up , eyes awash , and smiled .
va	PRES	Instead she waits around until I called to ask about her joining us .
va	PRES	" Security footage ? "
va	PAST	She registered annoyance at another of Gordon 's weird euphemisms for sex , but said , " Are you serious ?
va	PAST	Sara proclaimed before the screen clicked off .
va	PAST	Anna planted her hands on her ghostly hips .
va	PAST	He counted out the balance of the roll , five more twenties , and threw them onto the table .
va	PAST	" And from his interest in her , you deduced that he must first have been interested in me ?
va	PAST	Then threatened her . "
va	PAST	Nicky arched an eyebrow at him and looked at the others .
va	PAST	He sold his first story at age 19 to a fantasy magazine and attended the Odyssey Writing Workshop in 2010 .
va	PRES	I blush as I pull my thighs back together .
va	PAST	His lightning strings attached to her body , paralyzing her .
va	PRES	" Mom 's funny , " I typed .
va	PAST	As the stick hit the surface of the desk , a window popped open displaying a numbered bank account in the Grand Caymans .
va	PAST	Ruth paced the room , nervously rubbing her palms .
va	PRES	Rebels ... " he spat .
va	PRES	The green ring still circles my iris but it looks more pronounced .
va	PRES	" You don 't want to see me when I 'm hopping mad , mister .
va	PRES	Mako and the queen hugged the wall while they descended to the first floor , the baby princess squirming in her mother 's arms .
va	PRES	" What kind of trade ? "
va	PRES	Does she cook ? "
va	PAST	She nearly moaned , but because of the blindfold she didn 't know who was around and didn 't dare .
va	PAST	When it slid against mine , my heart lurched .
va	PAST	Her long red gold hair framing a perfectly oval face with creamy skin dotted with small freckles and green eyes wild like uncut gems .
va	PRES	I guess , she shrugs .
va	PRES	Could we prevail on you also to write up a short dedication , evaluation of his work etc. ? "
va	PAST	" What - " Tolland hurled the pad of wadded Mylar into the air over their heads .
va	PRES	Michael never hid the fact that he had a history with Lia .
va	PRES	But Cricket lingers behind .
va	PRES	Such a tempting treat ? "
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PRES	He tells me to insert it into the tablet .
va	PAST	She rides a motorbike to work and parties all night .
va	PRES	" Don 't you dare presume to judge me , " Emerson growls .
va	PRES	18 Practice drags at a snail 's pace today .
va	PAST	She dug through her bag and pulled it out .
va	PRES	' ' Goodnight . "
va	PAST	Colton stood up , his eyes fixed on the door as the scream tapered off into silence .
va	PAST	Small sips of air scratched their way down Dean 's throat , into his lungs .
va	PRES	Besides , he thought with a growl , I still owe him for my tail .
va	PAST	The demon thrashed against its bindings and spat curses again .
va	PAST	" Stay , " he commanded and took another step .
va	PRES	" Did you ... " He struggles for words .
va	PRES	He sticks his tail in the air triumphantly as he meanders across the room to it .
va	PRES	I release a breath that 's cramming up my airway .
va	PRES	" A diversion ? "
va	PRES	The soldiers jerk back , stunned , shifting farther into their corners .
va	PAST	I crooked my thumb over my shoulder .
va	PRES	Megan lifts her finger from the line and it flies out with rod , landing almost perfectly in the water .
va	PRES	Even moisture in the air narrows the scope .
va	PRES	Edward jumps up , throws his arms out , spins around , and then looks under the desk .
va	PAST	" No , " Cale assured her quietly as he moved to turn off the coffeepot .
va	PAST	A large screen obscured my view , and I couldn 't tell what was beyond it .
va	PAST	A signal box loomed up in the blue dusk outside the window .
va	PRES	A pleasant zing shoots to my belly at his touch .
va	PAST	" Then you could have just called since you have my number and all , " she smirked as she waved her hand .
va	PAST	He cursed silently when he saw how straight the canal was at this point .
va	PRES	He picks it up and scans it over , pretending to only be half interested .
va	PAST	She arched a brow .
va	PRES	When Micha pauses at a stop sign , Mikey 's cherry red Camaro rolls up to the side of us .
va	PAST	He searched the road ahead of them , scanned the sky for a chopper .
va	PAST	She snorted before taking a sip of her lukewarm beverage .
va	PRES	She just cares about the money .
va	PRES	Radcliffe hurried forward as he spied The woman on the doorstep , his smile turning to a scowl when he noticed Tomas a step behind her .
va	PAST	Pigeons erupted from their roosts as he sped past , the other rats trailing behind him .
va	PAST	Instead , her aura expanded , filling the room .
va	PRES	But now , the opening in the wall gaped like a wound .
va	PRES	I scroll through dozens upon dozens of movies as Emerson cooks .
va	PRES	I just squeeze her tighter .
va	PRES	Lucas adds , " May we all become as strong as our women are ! "
va	PRES	A moment later , he runs the scanner over Lassie 's shoulder , like he is produce at the grocery store .
va	PRES	I tell you , it burns my eyes . "
va	PRES	When he drops , he pulls me down by the hair with him .
va	PRES	The wolf circles the tree once , tail swishing as he goes .
va	PAST	I scrambled to my feet , and Tristan did the same behind me .
va	PAST	" But Nora , you 'll love it , " he persuaded .
va	PAST	He contemplated the section of wood that he had separated from the bigger piece .
va	PAST	Then , twisting himself as he rose up without warning , he lunged head-first towards Bye-bye , his voice rising to a scream .
va	PRES	Hotter ... hotter ... hotter ... Amber continued to adjust the water until her finger instinctively pulled away out of discomfort .
va	PAST	Then in the nineteenth century , Darwin and Wallace developed the theory of evolution , and Mendel developed the theory of genetics .
va	PRES	William waits for me at the far end of the massive conference table .
va	PRES	" Oh wow , you remember my last name . "
va	PAST	The light box hummed on .
va	PRES	" And stunningly attractive ? "
va	PRES	" Mary Alice ? "
va	PAST	Even her feet ached .
va	PAST	He paced a small circle on the sidewalk without lowering his hands .
va	PRES	She shuffles across the yard and Blake hands her a pair of pruning shears .
va	PAST	You know , she actually invited me over to their house for dinner after , but ... I have a boyfriend ! "
va	PRES	" Promises , promises . "
va	PRES	Sutton was not doing anything improper , I assure you .
va	PAST	I questioned Zeke and Damien .
va	PAST	At the door a clerk cut him off , a fat man in a blue suit , pudding face flushed with indignation .
va	PRES	The bloodshot eyes and dark circles from too many cigarettes .
va	PAST	Beth clapped her hands .
va	PRES	" May I suggest , " the Captain interrupted , " That this is the dawn of a new era .
va	PRES	He picks up a camera lying on a nearby table .
va	PRES	" Of course , Avery .
va	PRES	He views the window then her , smiling .
va	PAST	I scanned it quickly and found a topic I was familiar with .
va	PAST	His head bashed into the armrest of a nearby seat , and someone else fell on top of him .
va	PAST	" King Bloodstone descended into the abyss to revive these spirits . "
va	PRES	" Way to go , huh ?
va	PRES	' Fuck this thing , ' she mumbles to herself .
va	PRES	" I think I owe you an explanation , " he tells me instead of agreeing .
va	PRES	" Once an accountant , always an accountant , huh ? "
va	PAST	Chase smirked but never breathe a word .
va	PAST	Tears streaked her face .
va	PAST	He scrambled , grabbing the ingredients and shoving them back in the pan , as footsteps quickly descended the stairs .
va	PRES	He tosses four times before nailing a shot and winning Shelby a brown stuffed horse .
va	PAST	The Death of Rats poked its nose out of the saddlebag .
va	PAST	He cursed himself for it and dressed hurriedly .
va	PRES	He wipes the corner of his mouth with a napkin .
va	PAST	He parted his lips and began to suck from Tammy 's finger .
va	PAST	Sofia snatched the canvas , hurriedly dashed out of the room and raced downstairs .
va	PAST	Unexpectedly , he smirked .
va	PRES	" Apparently they treat them as friends , as equals .
va	PAST	He raced ahead , leaving through the gates and turning left - his keen ears were closing in on the source of the noise .
va	PRES	" Where else indeed ? "
va	PAST	Lamar buttoned his top button and opened the door .
va	PRES	I suspect that neither is true .
va	PAST	Their drums throbbed an expectant rhythm .
va	PAST	They parted , Mary to her little house and Melvyn to the Manor .
va	PAST	Marissa dug into her bag and pulled out her camera .
va	PRES	" Please Enoch , don ´ t be upset .
va	PRES	We back away as Andrew speaks in a soothing voice .
va	PAST	Fletcher and I darted into a sitting room , raced through it and out into another hallway on the far side .
va	PAST	" I 'll be there , " I assured him .
va	PRES	I unlock the door , and the two girls waiting outside narrow their eyes when they see me .
va	PAST	The poor dog trembled , and Emma realized it hadn 't been an easy flight for her , either .
va	PRES	A bit of smoke trails from the dying end .
va	PAST	Then , all of a sudden , it administered a stinging backhand to the side of Ryan 's face .
va	PAST	It paved the way for whatever compulsion he chose to implant in his listener 's mind .
va	PAST	Okay , so maybe she had a pretty decent chance , Pendleton conceded .
va	PRES	" A service corridor ? "
va	PAST	Ellen scrambled to her feet .
va	PAST	His eyes fluttered as he nodded .
va	PAST	But my voice trembled .
va	PAST	He yanked open that back door .
va	PRES	He meets my eyes .
va	PRES	" Who cares ? "
va	PRES	" First of all , it involves alternate universes .
va	PRES	" Dr. Paul Murray here .
va	PRES	On the platinum blonde , Marilyn Monroe sex kitten wig .
va	PAST	Her hands jostled him back and forth as if to wake him , shifting him so violently that his body turned .
va	PRES	" Because I 'm tired of feeling helpless . "
va	PRES	She wipes her hands on the side of her dress .
va	PRES	He pulls back , a direct stream of moonlight pours over his features .
va	PAST	" I wouldn 't be so sure , " Thibault cautioned .
va	PRES	Eat as well , it adds to it . "
va	PRES	And I suspect in your heart , you already know that , " he whispered .
va	PRES	The red head 's eyes harden as he turns toward me , as if he 's not used to being threatened , but his tone remains mocking .
va	PAST	He winked at Mathew .
va	PAST	I stroke his ego and a few other things for him and he falls right into line . "
va	PRES	I answered softly , my voice cracking as I wondered who was calling me from my dad 's phone .
va	PRES	" Let me see , you 're the ... ... " " Manager . "
va	PRES	Monty hid a smile , but it took effort .
va	PRES	" Except ... " " Except what ? "
va	PAST	" Quit fussing . "
va	PRES	I rol ed over , wincing .
va	PAST	The sun warmed his skin , the breeze stirred his hair , and the soul within him felt as real as his heartbeat .
va	PRES	Before I can form the words that I want to say , she speaks .
va	PAST	The sunset sparkled on the water , creating a dreamlike picture .
va	PAST	A steamy breath seeped from Carrie 's lips .
va	PAST	At last the roadway dipped in front of her , and she could vaguely sense the level fields that spread themselves below .
va	PAST	Chapter 15 Matthew tore out the letter and stuffed it in his pocket .
va	PAST	" Because that 's what the Bible says , " she finally spat out , somewhat frustrated .
va	PRES	I suggest you get off them before we both get a golden shower . "
va	PRES	" What trick ? "
va	PAST	His head throbbed , his jaw ached , and when he saw Sebastian Hawthorne kneeling beside him , her remembered all .
va	PAST	Waves crashed like a frenzied heartbeat and Melinda looked ... pissed .
va	PAST	Her lips parted around a silent scream .
va	PRES	It leads to your personal sleep room , take the stairs on the right .
va	PRES	" Well , a first date that ends with a murder ?
va	PAST	Sean cursed and backed the hell away from them .
va	PRES	Fewer faeries to torment me .
va	PAST	His slow , sexy smile melted her heart and slightly mesmerized her .
va	PAST	She hired some workers in town , and the men worked at taming the garden .
va	PAST	Bowen reacted quickly and caught Eveline before she fell backward .
va	PAST	I planted the sword for him to find , but ... he never did ... where you said this Roark found it ... .
va	PRES	I try and encourage him , suggest he goes for a drink after work -- I know the other lads there do .
va	PAST	She ducked her head .
va	PRES	He pulls me closer .
va	PRES	When Lake notices everyone staring at her , she buries her face in her hands .
va	PRES	She tosses her caramel curls .
va	PRES	" Wyn , can you bend these bars apart ? "
va	PAST	Instead he sprinted to me , and opened his arms before I was even close enough to fall into them .
va	PAST	" That isn 't all they found , " interjected Gorn , bitterly .
va	PRES	" When I was on your lap , riding you .
va	PRES	She sets it by the door .
va	PRES	The hairs tighten another notch , biting into the flesh of my throat , cutting off the last of my air supply .
va	PAST	He squared his shoulders and wheeled away , heading to join the guards .
va	PRES	The bull horn tip touches the flag then all the bulls disappear , first , the flag , second , and finally the force field .
va	PRES	Everyone ties up their trousers at the ankles .
va	PAST	Quickly Viv calmed down and looked at Jen her face streaked with tears .
va	PAST	Though she scanned the lines , none of the words registered .
va	PAST	Heat surged from Tara 's hands .
va	PRES	The scientist instructs Rian to look after her as he leaves the room to run an errand .
va	PAST	She stared at me , her eyebrows knotted in alarm .
va	PRES	With a gentle hand , he picks up my foot and props it on his knee .
va	PAST	She straddled my lap .
va	PRES	He rubs his fingers together , asking for the twenty bucks I owe him .
va	PAST	Before he had a chance to question her , Wilton sauntered over , a glass of wine in hand and a smile on his face .
va	PAST	Connelly recited his background in a deliberate , bored tone that did not invite questions .
va	PAST	He moistened another cotton pad and began smoothing it over my jawline , down along my throat .
va	PAST	Barry smirked and patted me on the shoulder .
va	PAST	I dug my nails into his back as he thrust , his ass flexing and releasing against my calf muscles .
va	PRES	The flash bewildered her .
va	PAST	Cora wandered from within the various other monuments and they shared a weak smile .
va	PAST	Commentators proclaimed " the end of history . "
va	PAST	The blood streamed down his fingers and dripped on the floor .
va	PAST	He fished out his wallet to pay our tab .
va	PRES	One lost in ignorance seeks you .
va	PRES	" So crazy , " Lexi echoes .
va	PRES	Avery tilted her head back .
va	PAST	I moaned his name , awed by the vulnerability I felt every time he took me .
va	PRES	Crisis averted and wineglass in hand , I wander back into the living room .
va	PAST	He clapped his hands together , changing the subject .
va	PRES	The man reads the back of the photo .
va	PAST	He belonged to a church .
va	PAST	" That 's right , " I reinforced .
va	PAST	His gaze traveled to hers before he pulled her hand to his lips for a tender kiss .
va	PAST	Alejo paced to each of the windows , making sure they were secured and not easy to open .
va	PAST	The teams flooded the street and sidewalks .
va	PAST	The People 's Sentinel spy , marked by them to collect information on Viggo and Mortimer .
va	PRES	" Blast it , Hannah .
va	PRES	My world blooms with its beautiful never-ending ache .
va	PRES	His head cocks to the side .
va	PRES	But at night , the neon camouflaged everything .
va	PRES	Suddenly the world tilted .
va	PRES	" Any regrets ? "
va	PAST	She clamped down on Chastity 's energy as soon as she realized what she 'd said , but Josh 's lust very nearly overpowered her .
va	PRES	Others in low moans .
va	PAST	He sidestepped a jutting rock and raced into the darkness , where there were no streetlights to serve as guides or roads to act as maps .
va	PAST	He sang the next one looking at me , and I felt like my whole body would melt .
va	PAST	He ducked , rushed in , and effortlessly took it away from her .
va	PAST	If nothing else at least the incessant adulation would be directed to where he felt it properly belonged .
va	PRES	Cori Anderson still dated Marco , but didn 't want to go farther than that until she graduated from the University of Oklahoma .
va	PAST	Clay hired him on the spot for $ 75,000 a year .
va	PRES	" This window will give you a lot of natural light to work by , " he finishes .
va	PRES	This time it sticks .
va	PRES	" Sounds like good advice to me .
va	PAST	" Oh , God , " Olivia moaned as he filled her , stretching her to match his size .
va	PAST	I vowed never to tell him that my mother had passed away .
va	PRES	Your grandmother believes it will be alright . "
va	PRES	Jace asked , his voice quieter .
va	PAST	The music pumped on , a loud country song , but the Shifters stopped dancing , talking , and drinking to watch .
va	PRES	His expression hardened slightly .
va	PRES	If you had all done that , for instance , you would have noticed that ... " " Hang on ! "
va	PAST	My voice trembled as voices screamed between the growls and high pitched screeches of what I could only guess to be demons .
va	PRES	More farms up there on the flats .
va	PAST	I flipped it open to the beginning .
va	PAST	It flipped over and onto the copper spaghetti ball .
va	PRES	They ´ re the bad guys , we ´ re the good guys .
va	PRES	Jack drops my chin and walks past me to the refrigerator .
va	PAST	The heat waves intensified , making the chair 's center appear to bulge outward .
va	PAST	She applied a touch of mascara and stepped back to regard me , apparently satisfied with the result .
va	PRES	" No smoking . "
va	PAST	" So ... so ... " I gasp , my eyes screwing up in bliss .
va	PAST	She surged into him instead .
va	PRES	" Ahhh , so we 're back to the visibly challenged thing , huh ? "
va	PAST	Julian cursed loudly and spun on his heel as he stormed over to the door .
va	PRES	Fail , screw up , commit an oversight , and the FRN would be more vulnerable to the already overwhelming odds it faced .
va	PRES	Before I can sink too far into my guilt , Uriah drops his tray next to me .
va	PRES	She moves out into the hall now , too .
va	PAST	She sauntered into William 's study .
va	PAST	Something between a groan and a laugh bubbled up and out of her when her eyes settled on Christopher 's face .
va	PAST	Nicole yanked her eyes up to his a second too late .
va	PAST	In fact , I have always relished your moments of inappropriateness . "
va	PRES	Taken the children with her too , I presume . "
va	PAST	" Then tell me , " Vincent raged .
va	PAST	A collective gasp rippled through the crowd and I found myself overwhelmed by confusion .
va	PRES	He lowers my hand from my mouth .
va	PAST	His gaze raked over her from head to toe .
va	PRES	" Yah , it does , huh . "
va	PRES	" Figures , " Adam said , " Damned stunt doubles . "
va	PAST	Teagan 's head popped up at the mention of her name .
va	PAST	I darted in and out .
va	PAST	She flipped him off as she gulped back the ice cream .
va	PRES	Really , seriously , truthfully ... I hated thinking about anything from last year .
va	PRES	' Come on , who here speaks English ? '
va	PAST	Renton squirmed and yet dredged up an enthusiastic response .
va	PAST	This halted him immediately .
va	PAST	You 've read the reluctance in her eyes , suspected a false note in her promises .
va	PRES	" Then you know what you 're saying means nothing , " Mr Beacham spat .
va	PRES	" Now that everyone brings me their behavior problems , I average two transformations a day .
va	PAST	On one side of the park , traffic surged over the aging , high-flying Gardiner .
va	PRES	' And the painting ? '
va	PRES	He pulls in a long breath .
va	PAST	He snatched the empty rifle from his lap .
va	PRES	He squeezes it and returns his son 's loving hug .
va	PAST	Releasing the bonds that strapped her legs to his , he flipped her between one pump of his wings and the next so they were now face-to-face .
va	PRES	The astronauts float around inside the space shuttle 's cramped quarters , where there is no gravity .
va	PRES	" Is there anything nearby we can latch onto ? "
va	PRES	" All females . "
va	PAST	They rode the gondola at the Venetian and shopped at Caesars Palace , then ate lunch at Wolfgang Puck 's restaurant .
va	PRES	He slaps me hard , and then his hand grips my face , squeezing my jaw so hard I feel like the bones might shatter .
va	PRES	Maybe she figures she can relight some old flames . "
va	PAST	As soon as she saw him lying there , still naked , she flushed .
va	PAST	The motor coughed to life just as the wolf launched itself at the driver window and smashed hard into the glass .
va	PAST	" I 'm sorry sirs , I didn 't mean to offend " he stammered as the guards reached down to pick him up .
va	PRES	" Nothing too exciting , unfortunately .
va	PRES	Multiple fires in the same neighborhood ?
va	PRES	The familiar officer , whose name I think is Sowers , catches my eye and gives me an encouraging smile .
va	PAST	As I stepped inside , Jared rounded the corner from the short hall that led to our room .
va	PAST	Relief flushed through her body as Anna breathed slowly and gazed up at a pure white ceiling .
va	PAST	Caroline clamped onto Helen 's wrist with one hand and braced herself on the bed with the other .
va	PAST	Tears threatened to spill .
va	PAST	My stomach lurched the other way .
va	PRES	I tug hard but it doesn 't give way .
va	PRES	" United Kingdom . "
va	PAST	" I beheaded somebody . "
va	PAST	Nuala snorted and snatched it out of my hand before I could stop her .
va	PAST	Horace nudged his casing over to Abe 's foot .
va	PRES	It really boils down to the fact that our personal issues conflict .
va	PAST	My hip crashed into the rim of the sink and the side of my head smacked off the ceramic .
va	PRES	" Fraudulent happiness . "
va	PRES	After all this , they owe us some rec time . "
va	PAST	As if in reflex , his hands cupped her head and he pulled her in tighter .
va	PAST	Mikaela raced to the picture window that looked out on Brownlow Street .
va	PRES	He grimaces and shakes his head .
va	PRES	He drops everything onto the coals .
va	PAST	He flipped up the metal plate , exposed the two buttons , and pushed one .
va	PAST	I suspected he had the same steel as me , and that his quiet inner voice whispered things like , You won 't quit .
va	PRES	A family skeleton or something . '
va	PRES	" Under the vault !
va	PRES	" Guardian technology , " the dark girl informs me when she sees me looking .
va	PAST	I launched myself toward his arms , completely overcome by emotions .
va	PRES	" An exception ? "
va	PAST	" Well , I can assure you they bloody well exist , " Danny bristled .
va	PAST	Taking another step back , he fired another round into what was left of the creature 's head .
va	PRES	She sends out her signal .
va	PRES	Hollow sockets , and a scar on the middle .
va	PRES	That 's an understatement , I suspect .
va	PRES	Huey tells about them driving from middle Louisiana to the east coast , and then following the coast north in search of a place to hide .
va	PRES	But then the stumble backward crashes into the teeter totter , and we hit the boat 's railing with surprising force and go right overboard .
va	PAST	The crowd erupted in cheers .
va	PAST	" That didn 't sound good , " Liam noted .
va	PRES	He bundled his hands , leaped , and mounted the cable .
va	PRES	My arms tighten around her , worried that she 's suddenly going to push away and run , like she did a couple of months ago .
va	PRES	I owe them two hours babysitting now . "
va	PRES	One hot fling before he breaks it to me that he doesn 't see how things between us could actually work ?
va	PRES	No big chest cavity .
va	PRES	He scratched at his chin and the stubble made a slight grating sound .
va	PAST	Nikolai 's chin dipped low in embarrassment and growing anger , but he answered his cousin truthfully .
va	PRES	She moves backward , but Joe does not come any closer .
va	PRES	The robot picks up Wade 's gift in one hand and tells us to follow .
va	PAST	She patted Sarah 's face .
va	PRES	Robbie leads the way downstairs and we find chairs in the sewing room .
va	PRES	Who the hell cares that she can disappear ?
va	PRES	I curse and jump down from the window .
va	PRES	" Now , with your permission . "
va	PRES	He traces the figure eight tattoo on his forearm .
va	PRES	He tells me it was a glorious time in those days among the Mayans and other lost civilizations . "
va	PRES	" Well , the police are your friend , Mr. - uh ... " " Corwin .
va	PAST	Feeling as though a vise was squeezing her chest , she dug out the box and peered inside .
va	PAST	The golden wave traveled up over his chest , covering it with ancient gold armor and dark red leather and cloth .
va	PRES	She rolls her eyes at me .
va	PRES	He leads me toward one of the doors , and when we reach it , it leads to the stairs .
va	PRES	The sun shines dimly on my left-hand side - and a second sun shines weakly to my right !
va	PRES	He rolls onto his back and stares up at the ceiling .
va	PRES	Her voice trembles as she turns to look at him .
va	PAST	Shivering she arched her back and let out a little moan .
va	PRES	" Alessia , " he stammered , " what are you doing here ? "
va	PAST	She mentally flipped off the voice in her head and gathered her purse for lunch .
va	PAST	" You assent to my arrangement , then ? "
va	PRES	Stick rolls off me but then thinking twice he wraps his arms around me in the first hug he 's ever given .
va	PAST	A growing noise from outside the window distracted her from her thoughts .
va	PAST	His powerful hand pumped into her with relentless strokes .
va	PAST	His words lured me to him .
va	PAST	Now the guards scanned everyone on the way into the facility and routinely , although seemingly at random , scanned some on the way out .
va	PRES	Vel arrives , saving me the trouble of answering .
va	PAST	Vane actually squirmed a bit before he answered .
va	PRES	He drops his cigarette on the ground and stomps on it .
va	PAST	" Stop , T , play at half speed , forward , " Alex commanded .
va	PRES	" What colors ? "
va	PRES	" Isn 't your wife going to notice you coming home , smelling like booze ? "
va	PAST	One of them coughed fluid , probably Spider neck .
va	PAST	Sunlight drifted in through the translucent blinds , illuminating small specks of dust floating in the air .
va	PAST	A small frown creased his weathered forehead .
va	PAST	Soul questioned , moving back cautiously .
va	PRES	" When the others were kidnapped and held on St. Joseph Island .
va	PRES	" You 've done a better job taking care of me than anyone else ever has , Race .
va	PAST	" Fifteen million pounds , " Gavin grumbled .
va	PAST	Elodie winked as she got up to get it , saying , ' It 's satellite ... excuse me a moment . '
va	PRES	I release my breath but my heart continues to pound .
va	PRES	" Then I suggest you all get back to work .
va	PRES	Eva 's machine picks up .
va	PAST	Powerhouse scowled at the closed shutters .
va	PAST	The messenger raced down to the captain of the guards in the courtyard , and the man nodded as he turned to the servants .
va	PRES	I jerk my head up .
va	PAST	Flattery cursed the Tin Egg 's designers then .
va	PRES	She hunts the few rogues who haven 't come to the hall .
va	PRES	" No , you dumb ass .
va	PRES	Your former professor , Dr. Bradley , informs me that you have a fascination with sharks .
va	PAST	The Grunts around her murmured words of approval , as Charlie stood in the middle of the highway , frustrated yet furious .
va	PAST	" Get scrubbed up and we 'll begin . "
va	PRES	" And just in case I forget , she reminds me every day . "
va	PRES	She pulls me to my feet and we run into the corridor .
va	PRES	He shrugs , turning the page .
va	PAST	He concentrated and his wound vanished .
va	PRES	The wind picks up .
va	PRES	How they left me twisting in the wind to take their blame .
va	PAST	Tim 's face blushed .
va	PRES	" Coward , " repeats Past Prime .
va	PRES	My entire body trembles .
va	PAST	The yellow light gleaming in an upstairs bedroom winked out .
va	PRES	Who tells you where to send me ?
va	PRES	As my eyes lock upon the sparkles shining in his , his arms tighten around me .
va	PAST	Unless , of course , her family snack upon him first .
va	PAST	Now , Philip slashed and clawed at Philip Raymond Sr. 's throat , even as the gun his father carried fired .
va	PRES	" Sounds like you have the scoop on it .
va	PRES	He carefully drops the wooden sword , pushes my hand away from his side , and fixes my grip on the dagger 's handle .
va	PRES	His strained voice drags me to the surface .
va	PAST	His fingers splayed across her cheek .
va	PRES	I suggest you take a toothbrush with you to the office tomorrow . "
va	PRES	" Oh , brother , Jack , extreme astrology meets counterfactual archeology ?
va	PAST	The shout unnerved her , he could see , and he regretted it instantly .
va	PAST	She arched her back and let her knees buckle once more , lowering herself to his mouth .
va	PRES	Her expressions betrayed her acceptance .
va	PRES	Alex waits for me at the bottom .
va	PAST	Tessa concentrated but got the hang of it quickly .
va	PRES	" Smoke detector ... " Chance muttered as her feet touched the floor again .
va	PRES	Knox growls from behind me .
va	PAST	He recited that very song over and over again .
va	PAST	He wandered over to the American and shook his hand .
va	PRES	Warner 's hands squeeze my shoulders .
va	PAST	Her opinion counted where no other ever could .
va	PRES	I hid behind a tree , keeping my knives in hand , ready to help where I could .
va	PRES	I presume that you know that the Germans have landed ? '
va	PRES	A tear slips from her eye , " I miss you , Mason . "
va	PRES	Then he settles on the couch , smoothes my hair back from my face .
va	PRES	But I reckon you oughta shoot me now , he says , still smiling and licking his lips beneath the scraggly beard .
va	PAST	I scrambled to my feet , wiping away the leaves and dirt from my backside .
va	PAST	Once again , it fluttered in the sky , uncertain .
va	PRES	Or , at least , fewer of them .
va	PAST	The light glinted on the man 's spectacles , and on the blade of the knife .
va	PAST	Landor trotted off obediently .
va	PAST	The voice commanded , urgent , and from nowhere .
va	PAST	The Honda 's engine still hummed , untouched by the whole ordeal .
va	PRES	" What about Lia ?
va	PRES	she adds when he hesitates .
va	PAST	He snickered as he put me back down after having carried me over his shoulder down the stairs of the mall .
va	PAST	He scrunched his nose in thought .
va	PRES	" If that second plane is FBI , it definitely matters . "
va	PAST	She whined regretfully and was already texting wildly with her thumbs when Stella interrupted her .
va	PRES	Every touch sends me higher and higher .
va	PAST	Feeling a little nervous , I smoothed my gown over my hips , took a deep breath , and opened the door .
va	PRES	" Then why bother with receipts , or checkers or bag boys and cash registers ? "
va	PRES	The guard captain growls in his immature voice .
va	PAST	My lips parted , but no words came out , because the very last person I 'd expected had just walked through the door .
va	PAST	I halted my footsteps and flipped around .
va	PAST	At least his car was , she noted .
va	PRES	He seeks to steal what you merely mimic .
va	PAST	Knowing for a fact that wasn 't true , I snorted .
va	PRES	A soft moan escapes me .
va	PRES	I reckon you 'd be cool with a beard . "
va	PRES	She 'll drink , but anything solid I get into her mouth , she spits out .
va	PAST	Pate fired the weapon .
va	PAST	I tore off the top sheet and threw it over my shoulder .
va	PRES	" Running down rabbit trails trying to confirm some leads . "
va	PRES	Sometimes my thoughts wander back to my twelfth birthday and my head fills with what-ifs .
va	PAST	Skyler moistened her lips and ran her tongue over her already sharpening teeth .
va	PAST	It clattered to the marble floor , blade smeared black .
va	PRES	Most specifically , he studies my chest .
va	PAST	The fall harvest heaped more misery upon the peasants , adding to their discontent over the King and his ways .
va	PRES	It wrenched something inside of me loose , something that I had hidden long ago .
va	PRES	But I rather suspect that until the murder of Anthony Ortega is solved , he will be looking for you .
va	PAST	He embraced her , picking her up off the floor and swinging her around .
va	PRES	Sandor shoots me a look , and then pointedly repeats his question .
va	PAST	I arched into him , hands already kneading his shoulders .
va	PRES	His eyes flicked over the sob filled room , sobs I realized were coming from me .
va	PRES	Once she arrives at a large intersection and cannot decide which way to go .
va	PAST	I avoided them by staying in my room .
va	PAST	Emma pasted a false smile on her face , wondering if it were possible for cheeks to freeze from the cold .
va	PRES	He lowers his voice .
va	PRES	A haunted expression flickers over his face but it 's gone before I can ask .
va	PRES	That proves my point . "
va	PAST	Grace patted the bonnet .
va	PAST	Another red pouch arched toward him .
va	PAST	The cannon 's barrel ruptured and sparks flew out of the lightning generator .
va	PAST	Simon darted around her and out the door .
va	PRES	He pats me on the knee and holds my look .
va	PRES	I hate it when they look at me too , she always tells me .
va	PAST	A faint snore issued from his slightly open mouth .
va	PAST	Keeping my eyes trained on the sleek black sedan Scott had rented , I dug around in my bag for the bottle of emergency pills .
va	PAST	CHAPTER 7 For a few seconds , everything descended into pandemonium .
va	PRES	Still a princess yet , but one day . "
va	PRES	" They rob their victims .
va	PRES	He screams , pulling his hand back and slapping me hard .
va	PRES	" I have no water , " I spat in her direction -- quivering .
va	PAST	I snatched up the stake and flashed after him .
va	PAST	Customers streamed in and out of the café , a sea of strangers , but none of them were Malcolm .
va	PAST	CHAPTER FIVE GREY stone embankments erupted from the horizon .
va	PAST	Maybe some escaped , but I wasn 't in the mood to be thorough .
va	PAST	Not that she minded .
va	PRES	" Were you spying on us ? "
va	PRES	I squeeze the bridge of my nose , wishing I could curtail the increasing throb I feel behind my eyes .
va	PRES	His features reveal his shock and I decide I might as well lay down the last piece .
va	PRES	Now kick your feet . "
va	PRES	He stumbles back and hits the wall , sliding down .
va	PRES	" Uh huh ? "
va	PAST	He unrolled the paper held in his hand and let his eyes run down it slowly , reading it for the tenth or so time .
va	PAST	It resembled the kind of tree my mother used to love for the holidays .
va	PRES	" Me , Micha , Lila , Ethan , " I ramble off the list , counting down on my fingers .
va	PRES	" Well , after thinking about everything , I suggest we start with this . "
va	PRES	And now , she believes the worst .
va	PRES	I barely manage to get my panties to the floor when he steps back into me , grabbing my ass and hoisting me up .
va	PRES	" Some of the people have died , " he adds , to show how serious the situation is .
va	PRES	A line of sweat rolls down the side of his face .
va	PRES	Rounding another corner , I enter the desolate hallway near the country club 's kitchen .
va	PAST	" The people rejoiced when they understood what had happened .
va	PRES	He rests his weight on the cane , and his arms and legs look too thin to be moving .
va	PAST	He straightened slowly as Andrea shifted aside , giving him a clear view .
va	PAST	" She texted me yesterday that she was going to her dad 's cabin . "
va	PAST	Just when I thought he was getting in the shower , he peeked his head out of the door .
va	PAST	Michael ducked his head next to mine , a delightfully wicked smile on his face .
va	PRES	Womack studies the mountain .
va	PAST	Olivia moaned into his mouth .
va	PAST	Forte silently whirled and dropped to one knee , the shotgun level now .
va	PRES	Josh believes in my abilities .
va	PRES	" I love you , girl , " he tells her .
va	PAST	The left side of the table popped free of the door frame , exposing an elderly man trying to squeeze through the small opening .
va	PAST	A scowl creased Ethan 's forehead .
va	PRES	Rogers ' rolls his eyes .
va	PRES	Horror pours through me as I realize what 's causing the banging .
va	PAST	" I will , " the man whined and named his price .
va	PAST	Without awaiting a reply , Ned smoothly boosted himself onto the windowsill and disappeared onto the roof .
va	PRES	" Explain , " she demands .
va	PAST	He then mouthed that she should let him in whilst pointing at the window .
va	PRES	He tells me " Then why is it called Morelli 's Pizza ? "
va	PAST	Before she could respond , Quinn 's voice drifted through the bus 's still open door .
va	PRES	" You know there could be a few females alive that are not into you Levi , " Jared mocked .
va	PAST	It hindered our natural ability to kill , to hunt .
va	PAST	Amusement sparkled in his eyes .
va	PAST	I arched beneath him , clinging tighter as his pelvis rocked against mine .
va	PRES	If she had known that he was not alone ... ' Do not enter ! '
va	PRES	To fully wake up and become aware involves effort , study , a mentor , and perseverance .
va	PAST	" He fed his pilots ? "
va	PRES	It all adds up .
va	PAST	Her fingernails dug into his arms .
va	PRES	The bamboo ribs suggest the beginning of wings , or perhaps an immense sky lantern .
va	PRES	" You disgrace the name of Shadowhunters everywhere . "
va	PRES	He feeds a ball into the machine and it whizzes toward me .
va	PAST	Finding her hands released , Ainsley plucked the key from her mouth .
va	PAST	With a shake of her head at her foolishness , Simone squared her shoulders and forced herself to calmly make her way to the front salon .
va	PAST	Lily 's eyebrow arched .
va	PAST	As if she could hear my thoughts , she stepped in front of me , her dark eyes piercing .
va	PRES	" A rather ... actually , a very erotic novel . "
va	PRES	With that she kissed him on his cheek and made him blush .
va	PRES	" First , you determine that you can do this .
va	PAST	Her entire body reacted to his touch , awareness jolting through her like a sudden burst of electricity .
va	PRES	" For one , politics . "
va	PRES	" Seems to me that 's in the future for me and more of an immediate problem for you .
va	PRES	Pretty crappy breakfast . "
va	PAST	I maintained my composure ; my shoulders were back , head held high , while my heart hammered against a restrictive corset .
va	PRES	She shrugs her shoulders , something she seldom does anymore in place of speaking .
va	PRES	" Open your eyes , " Uriel tells me in a clear voice .
va	PRES	" Sometimes Crusty reminds me of my Max , willing to bypass recognition for the higher good of the mission .
va	PRES	" Now I want you to hold me , " he jokes , curling me against him as we lie back against the pillows .
va	PRES	Both girls tried to strike sexy poses as I approached them .
va	PAST	Uncle Jack dug his hands into the soil , slowing the reverend 's progress in dragging him to his doom .
va	PRES	I manage to sound casual , as if I haven 't spent hours having imaginary versions of this very conversation .
va	PRES	Bring the Orb , but leave the sword behind . "
va	PAST	All Jax 's muscles constricted , and he let go , gave himself over to it .
va	PAST	Duncan , apparently taking pity on her misery , winked .
va	PRES	Although the woman did manage to make Erica feel a little frumpy in her wrinkled clothes .
va	PRES	I 'm not usually a painter , I prefer pencils .
va	PRES	He picks the guards head up and lets it fall back down gently .
va	PRES	" Jim always tells me to smile .
va	PAST	I crashed into the cage and thrust the snail into the pocket of my jeans .
va	PAST	" Because they wrote something on my mirror with my lipstick - ' whore . ' "
va	PRES	' And now to the health of your new department , Comrade . '
va	PAST	Her head ached with the pain that came from holding back tears , and the deep ache of sorrow permeated her every thought and motion .
va	PRES	Her eyes widened , her wariness a palpable thing .
va	PRES	It creates a new species .
va	PAST	" I 'll stall him , " Sage crackled in .
va	PRES	The burning runs up my knee , and his eyes are level with mine , his face closer than ever before .
va	PRES	A look of distress clouding his face and his hands twisted into a knot on his lap .
va	PRES	He pulls the sliver out and then puts it in deeper , his fingers penetrating my entrance as he does .
va	PRES	The view screens all were active and shone with a bright white light .
va	PAST	I yanked my hand back and gripped onto the chair .
va	PAST	I tended to fidget when I was nervous , and I was exceedingly nervous right now .
va	PAST	Fat cows and woolly sheep dotted emerald fields bisected with rough hedgerows or silvery gray rock walls .
va	PRES	" Did you ever sail anywhere else ? "
va	PAST	Aiden winked at me and then disappeared down the steps .
va	PAST	Not even his ... " His eyes drifted back to the man , before returning to mine .
va	PRES	Various portions of it , when properly interpreted , contain a code of behavior which many men consider best suited to the ultimate happiness of mankind . "
va	PAST	She launched herself up and hit the guy in the jaw .
va	PRES	Anger explodes in his dark , soulless eyes .
va	PRES	He pulls me to my feet with ease .
va	PRES	" All our plans for naught . "
va	PRES	he shrugs " Nothing , Want me to teach you ?
va	PAST	Something about this tweaked a part of my brain , like a piece of popcorn on fire because it cooked too long .
va	PRES	His chest heaves in fear as he looks straight into my eyes .
va	PRES	" I manage . "
va	PAST	Keeping the rest of her body out of the water , she ducked her head under the spray and shivered as the water wet her hair .
va	PAST	Your aunt expressed her desire for us to continue our acquaintance . "
va	PAST	I counted this as progress .
va	PAST	Her irresistible smile doused his momentary exasperation and brought a reluctant answering smile to his eyes .
va	PRES	" And this project involves taking her to New York today ? "
va	PRES	Night shadows hid them in the small grotto .
va	PRES	Benjamin arrives then , and his special smile for me eases my tension .
va	PRES	" Of course it matters .
va	PRES	Ganondorf charges forward , looking for the upper hand as his foe recovers from the blast .
va	PRES	" Necessity sometimes demands a sacrifice , young Randolph .
va	PAST	Although they moved here to Snohomish when I was a kid , they maintained their English traditions .
va	PRES	" If only you were older , " she flirted with him .
va	PAST	Kevin halted Keno as soon as he saw the two goons drop from the branches .
va	PRES	March rolls him over , his motions economical and precise .
va	PRES	" I designed a heart , " he nearly yells .
va	PAST	Her blood surged and she didn 't want to wait any longer .
va	PAST	Relief flooded through me as I landed on solid ground on the other side .
va	PRES	If it does , then I suggest you get some , and you need to get a weapon too . '
va	PRES	I suspect you 'll be back burning the midnight oil at work and getting tanked with Ruth and Lou again in no time . "
va	PAST	One wall contained a long workbench with drawers beneath it and the rest of the place held everything from shovels to snowplows .
va	PAST	Instinct grumbled at him .
va	PAST	With every ounce of will she could summon , she commanded him with her eyes to follow her , while she retreated slowly out of the room .
va	PAST	He shuddered his way back to mental solidity .
va	PAST	I assured her fervently .
va	PRES	Quickly focusing the swirling darkness into a concentrated beam , he fires a colossal blast of energy , tearing open the dimensional doorway to the Sacred Realm .
va	PAST	His fingers once again threatened to knock the breath right out of me .
va	PRES	He jerks a thumb toward where Phil is standing .
va	PRES	The fire burns in my breast again .
va	PRES	" Did Dr. Gallo grant these requests for H9 very often ? "
va	PAST	His mouth was wide , his teeth bared .
va	PRES	Gavin being closest to the door bobs up off his chair and darts for the door quickly disappearing through it .
va	PRES	Too bad your time ends here .
va	PRES	The reactor flares and begins to hum .
va	PRES	When Rory and Vanessa arrive after getting snacks , he pulls out a paper bag full of beef jerky , chips , candy , and Cokes .
va	PAST	Samuels ' voice thundered in her ears , " Write , damn you , or I 'll break your fingers one by one . "
va	PAST	As he backed away from her , his eyes glimmered under the light .
va	PAST	I suspected it looked just like it did when Christian was alive .
va	PAST	" Ah , but a woman never tires of hearing it , " Eugenia informed him .
va	PAST	" Nope , still good , " I assured her .
va	PRES	Duke 's phone chimes , causing me to jump .
va	PRES	Somewhere in the house , a clock marks the hour .
va	PRES	He lifts his head .
va	PRES	" Total honesty . "
va	PAST	When she realized she 'd absent-mindedly twisted a strand of hair around her fingers , she undid it and helped herself to a slice of cheesecake .
va	PRES	" Okay , Your Honor , but don 't get mad .
va	PAST	" Let go of me , you bitch , " Claire raged .
va	PAST	Tesla whirled around angrily and said vehemently , " You 've broken the agreement !
va	PRES	' Any tunnels ? '
va	PRES	" Still holding on - " " Over here ! "
va	PAST	He nudged the door with his shoulder and looked behind it .
va	PAST	Next the Paramedics tended to Daddy .
va	PAST	the minstrel sang , and finally the words came out .
va	PAST	" Good morning to you too , " he finally spit out .
va	PRES	Sean pulls away breathless .
va	PRES	Her mane the color of fresh snow .
va	PRES	She drops me like a bad connection and leaps over to the mattress , smoothing her hand over the spot right next to her .
va	PRES	" Of course , Conall .
va	PRES	" You owe my brother ?
va	PAST	With a quiet gasp , she ducked out from his arms and ran for the door , slamming it shut behind her .
va	PAST	" That seems to be a popular excuse with you , " I drawled .
va	PAST	You 've cursed us all ! "
va	PRES	Not bothering to even attempt to make sense of the gibberish , the boy waits for Mai to deliver the obvious answer .
va	PRES	He shrugs his shoulders .
va	PAST	He dug through his brown paper bag and pulled out something encased in plastic wrap .
va	PAST	He scowled and she knew two moons ago she would have run screaming from that look .
va	PRES	" Listen to me , you pompous little jerk off , and listen damn good .
va	PAST	Guy 's thoughts wandered .
va	PAST	Her nipple peaked and he leaned forward and captured her breast in the scalding cauldron of his mouth .
va	PAST	So I concentrated on driving and not becoming any more furious than I already was .
va	PAST	When the bowl was empty he buttered some toast and tore the bread apart .
va	PRES	Carpet blazing , wall paint bubbling and catching fire .
va	PRES	Naturally , those who survived the crash tend to be the worst .
va	PRES	He switches the light off and backs away until he 's by my side .
va	PRES	o -- o -- o He came to my cell that night .
va	PAST	I blushed , knowing that my graphic imagination was what kept him from walking in my dreams with me .
va	PRES	" She runs ... you shoot her . "
va	PAST	His daughter grimaced and said , " Wanderlust ?
va	PRES	" The bill ... " " The card will go through .
va	PAST	A slow , deadly hiss escaped from Mikhail .
va	PRES	These other time travelers zip around and change stuff all the time .
va	PRES	' Morning sickness ? '
va	PAST	Then words spurted out of his lips .
va	PAST	I smirked , " Maybe so . "
va	PAST	The wounded man thrashed on the ground , cursing aloud , and she gripped the gun harder , her stomach churning .
va	PAST	She wrote a note and handed it to Jared .
va	PAST	Irma bustled toward her , her three-story beehive hairdo leading the way .
va	PAST	I rode him hard until we were both going over the edge .
va	PAST	On the rare occasions that he was at home , he busied himself inside his bedroom , building peculiar contraptions that flew and chimed and buzzed .
va	PRES	Tobias 's eyes shift to me .
va	PRES	They intend to use the lack of compensation as the reason to cut us off .
va	PRES	One question invariably leads to another , and so as not to waste time , I generally ask both and then seek the answer .
va	PRES	" Jesus Christ ! "
va	PRES	Her head shoots up .
va	PAST	He blushed and hit me again in the head a few more times and said , " I was tricked .
va	PAST	I edged forward , navigated my way to the kitchen , and found the fridge .
va	PRES	He tells the most wonderful stories when he 's drunk , and he 's ever so entertaining . "
va	PRES	Who reads comic books on paper these days ?
va	PRES	He figures that with an inexperienced director , he can get away with murder .
va	PRES	" Rose , " he repeats .
va	PAST	Her gut knotted with nerves .
va	PRES	" It tells weeks and months . "
va	PRES	" Does it really matter , dude ? "
va	PAST	I trotted to the downstairs bathroom , Robin at my heels .
va	PAST	Her pussy fluttered in anticipation .
va	PAST	Heat traveled down her spine and spread across her entire body .
va	PAST	Joey snorted , " A stake ?
va	PAST	She flipped the shirt around to examine the back .
va	PAST	Another grappling hook sailed overhead .
va	PAST	Her elbow nudged him in the chest , her dark brown eyes censuring him .
va	PAST	I noted the subway map above us .
va	PAST	She winced openly , gritting her teeth .
va	PRES	Kent shrugs , but above his goggles his brow is creased .
va	PAST	He then invited people to come up if they wanted to say something .
va	PAST	Razia scrambled to her feet , and pulled him the rest of the way .
va	PRES	A sharp crack echoes down the beach .
va	PRES	" Matthews promises me that you do , but if you need something else , please let me know . "
va	PAST	He elevated one brow .
va	PAST	The tiny sound vibrated through his body and every inch of his skin sang for more .
va	PAST	Her face softened as she listened and a smile formed .
va	PAST	My stomach lurched , and I found myself keeping my distance from her .
va	PAST	He dipped his head lower to hers , his voice going steely and cool .
va	PRES	He slices the palm of his hand open , his breath faltering as he carries my gaze and the carefully cuts mine .
va	PAST	She pumped her fist , shivering at the first contact .
va	PAST	In conversations with visitors , unless recognized , he tended to omit the fact that he owned the bar .
va	PAST	Melody shuddered at the thought of a toddler suffering from such intense pain .
va	PRES	Practical jokes nobody but him thought were funny , right ? "
va	PAST	While the drumhead tribunal proceeded in the cafe , a handful of soldiers marched into the alley .
va	PAST	Their armor and their flesh melted until there was nothing but embers .
va	PAST	Danika scrambled from one side of the room to the other , strange noises emerging from her throat .
va	PRES	" Can I still hitch a ride back ? "
va	PRES	With a heavy sigh she realizes that she is being silly and finally hits the button .
va	PRES	" Nice skirt , Irish , " he murmurs , his eyes now very obviously on my thighs .
va	PRES	The other officer repeats , " Don 't do it , Tommy . "
va	PAST	He puffed his belly out a bit more .
va	PRES	Two quick knocks and the hatch moves .
va	PAST	He shuddered , and his face paled .
va	PRES	The feminine voice on the other end responds .
va	PRES	He " d met deep-down dwarfs before .
va	PAST	Colorful tapestries splashed the walls there now .
va	PRES	" Yes , yes , everyone believes that being smiled upon by Mr. Grenville is the same thing as being touched by God . "
va	PAST	When the sales representative carried out a tray of cakes , Antonia stomach rebelled violently .
va	PAST	Belinda grimaced at Mrs. Hollings ' words .
va	PAST	Douglas spared her only a glance before he said , " We 'll go into the library . "
va	PRES	" Start the freaking chant before your crazy priestess wakes up from her little nap . "
va	PAST	Alexander and I sold all of our belongings , property , and booked passage to New York .
va	PRES	" Eddie ... lad , yer first .
va	PAST	" This concert is going to be epic , " Danny assured everyone .
va	PAST	Light streamed in , and I squinted down the makeshift hallway into the bright area that was the camp 's center .
va	PRES	The fierce fury in his green eyes stabs at me viciously .
va	PAST	His wrist was thick , his forearm muscled .
va	PAST	" Little Man , you were noted as about a 130 IQ , right ? "
va	PAST	" You don 't write fast enough , " another woman complained .
va	PAST	" A hundred bucks says you won 't , " Blake challenged .
va	PAST	Cook ducked his head and kneaded the lump of dough .
va	PRES	My mouth drops open as I hear him calmly describe one of the worst moments of my life .
va	PRES	She shrugs her little shoulders and walks into the kitchen .
va	PRES	Aria screams at her .
va	PAST	Hope shuddered with indignation .
va	PRES	The moon haunts the sky and the branches of the trees scratch the window .
va	PAST	His mocking tone raked over her .
va	PRES	One of the civilians tells us to , " Take a right at the end of this tunnel .
va	PAST	Ingrid 's eyes softened for but a moment before the familiar manic look returned .
va	PRES	Lenny , I presume .
va	PRES	My heart raced , the beat irregular .
va	PAST	Nikki tore the band out of her hair and started brushing it furiously .
va	PAST	With a yelp he crashed over backwards and landed in the undergrowth .
va	PRES	I kick a rock , feeling helpless and useless .
va	PAST	She wandered around the bar in a kind of daze .
va	PRES	Your queen commands it ! "
va	PAST	" What up , ghost hunters ? "
va	PAST	The rain blurred her vision .
va	PRES	I curse you , scum .
va	PRES	" As soon as the sun sets . "
va	PRES	Then we all shift in , using Kali and me as the locators , landing in the spots we had picked out .
va	PAST	Her heart raced , blood pumping through veins that had been sedentary for years , each pulse surging with an intoxicating rush she wanted to repeat .
va	PAST	But Canute scurried away , taking the bow with him .
va	PRES	It is big enough , I presume ? '
va	PAST	" I wrote you every day a month !
va	PRES	" Nothing magical about it .
va	PRES	" A flight recorder ? "
va	PAST	" Had Emma threatened suicide before ? "
va	PAST	Taking an apple from the kitchen , she fed it to a pregnant mare who had become her favorite .
va	PRES	" Minor injuries only . "
va	PAST	Rubbing my hand over my swollen eyes , I scowled .
va	PRES	" Because you were jealous ? "
va	PRES	They Want To Know If You Have Finished With These Dogs . '
va	PAST	When he saw me step off the elevator , he straightened and smiled .
va	PAST	Tavi 's vision blurred over , and the tears seemed to magnify the pain bursting through his chest .
va	PRES	Then I grit my teeth .
va	PAST	Scott shoveled in another bite of lasagna and raised an indifferent shoulder .
va	PRES	He spat on the ground .
va	PRES	' Elle Winters ? '
va	PAST	" Jett implied that marriage is for the foolish , and ... " I waved my head as my words choked me .
va	PAST	Though his skin was tan and weathered , smile lines softened his face .
va	PRES	His hand slips into mine as his gaze travels to Robin 's parents .
va	PRES	The girl forgets her pain , gets assured of her well-being and turns the usual self .
va	PAST	The parents welcomed them with joy .
va	PAST	" One night when we were closely linked and we were talking .
va	PAST	When he turned around , the skin on the back of my head contracted .
va	PAST	" The fountain never dried up in the history , and we have become oblivious to the possibility .
va	PRES	" Mr. Sullivan ... " " Don 't call me that . "
va	PRES	I slump down in the front seat with nowhere to go and nothing to do .
va	PRES	The holy man scratched his gleaming bald head .
va	PRES	" So my twin is ... " " Perfect . "
va	PAST	Large parties crammed into tightly seated tables , and the roar of conversation and laughter echoed in the air .
va	PRES	But still she forged ahead .
va	PAST	Spinner clapped his hands together greedily .
va	PAST	Her eyes dart to and from his and the blood draining heavily from his arm .
va	PAST	I raced to my car , threw the card on the seat , and started the engine .
va	PAST	Emerson dug in his pocket and found a handcuff key .
va	PAST	She wrestled it back on and stood searching for Markman .
va	PAST	The white-haired man smirked and said , " I 'm not entirely certain I believe that . "
va	PAST	He scratched behind Snowball 's ears and leaned down to whisper in he ear .
va	PRES	" Grace Archer ? "
va	PRES	He tells me he 'll be back in a few hours and I should probably start washing up .
va	PAST	Edward winced , but smoothed his expression with a little effort .
va	PAST	Savannah resisted his efforts and trotted around him , lured by the wild call .
va	PAST	You > ve got it !
va	PAST	Two dogs trotted back and forth in a cage not far from the Enlightenment Hall .
va	PRES	Dante grabs my arm , then breaks into a sprint .
va	PRES	" Do it , Countess ! "
va	PAST	However , she concentrated herself on every move of Jonas .
va	PAST	I straightened my shirt and pushed my shoulders back like my mother had taught me .
va	PRES	" Seems like it .
va	PAST	Jack interjected , pulling on his father 's clothing .
va	PAST	Water bubbled , the only remaining evidence that the God of the sea and his wife had just taken my sister away .
va	PAST	" I assured her that , for all my faults , stupidity isn 't one of them .
va	PAST	" My laptop crashed and he tried to fix it for me .
va	PAST	She straightened and yawned .
va	PRES	Donna shook her head , her curls bouncing .
va	PAST	" Selene , " she drawled , her eyes giving me the once over that I had given other women many times over the past few years .
va	PRES	The windows shatter with a deafening boom and the wind screams in my ears .
va	PAST	Adam 's eyes probed Shana 's .
va	PAST	Her thoughts wandered back to before the concert .
va	PRES	No other woman treats me like a man instead of a monarch .
va	PAST	Today , this woman longed in vain , because Tolliver never once glanced her way .
va	PRES	Violet wrenched her eyes away from him and peered around at her sisters .
va	PRES	He views the floor then her .
va	PAST	I flailed uselessly , sloshing through the dark water , and reached for anything to grab hold of .
va	PRES	" Please don 't kill me , " he sobs .
va	PAST	One of the remaining men cursed , rushing forward to attack .
va	PRES	Brand pulls me to my feet , and holds me up .
va	PRES	Something tells me the chip is incapable of processing the nuances , but I can read between the lines .
va	PAST	We scanned the village , and I cursed the night since it limited the range of what I could see .
va	PAST	A large figure stalked into view from around the corner , a pistol fitted with a silencer smoking in his grip .
va	PAST	Memories of being with Lucas tumbled through her mind .
va	PAST	The girl straightened up and also eyed the Prince , with a bold , frank audacity that was simply infuriating .
va	PRES	" You owe me one hundred thousand quid , my lord .
va	PRES	Her wings stretch the length of the picture .
va	PAST	It contained six large square tables that were clearly modules that could be assembled in various fashions .
va	PAST	His firm ass flexed beneath one of her hands while her other hand guided him in and out of her mouth .
va	PAST	I flushed to my feet and squirmed .
va	PRES	Determination burns in her eyes .
va	PAST	Unable to speak , she moaned aloud , clawing at the leather of the couch cushion .
va	PRES	" Are you okay , babe ? "
va	PRES	His eyes sharpened on her with ... interest ?
va	PAST	Bending over , he popped the oven open and looked inside .
va	PAST	" Has anyone contacted Izzy 's parents ? "
va	PAST	The speed at which he flew jostled us around and sent pain shooting up my leg .
va	PRES	Or a chastity belt .
va	PAST	Together they raced through the narrow passages until they found a large , steaming chamber .
va	PAST	They raided one of our encampments .
va	PRES	The traffic picks up as the lunch crowd rolls in .
va	PRES	My lips stretch into a smile .
va	PAST	He smelt the fresh earth and plants above him , and came to the conclusion that he was incarcerated in some outdoor prison of some kind .
va	PRES	No matter how much I want to feel that link again .
va	PRES	And he creates things for me , of course . "
va	PRES	Joey swallowed , his eyes teary .
va	PRES	Or worse , about all the stupidly traitorous feelings that had risen inside of her as though five years had never passed ?
va	PAST	His breath billowed thickly in the air , and the icy mud squelched under his boots .
va	PAST	" I see , " she noted .
va	PAST	Together they shouldered the crack in the rock a bit wider .
va	PAST	I cupped her breast as she tipped her head back .
va	PAST	She met his gaze , her lips clamped together for a long moment , before responding .
va	PAST	His eyes drifted to my arm .
va	PRES	" Roland ... " Tim surfaced the next morning after some liaison or another , and I decided not to mention that our wards had been broken .
va	PAST	One day , several locals informed us of a great boar that has hidden in the woods lately .
va	PAST	he materialized and shouted at Russell , Will and Trevor .
va	PRES	" How to disable their Weapon . "
va	PAST	The lamp tilted its head like a curious dog and simply regarded them for a moment .
va	PAST	Her lashes drifted down .
va	PRES	" That the fathers die in peace while their offspring 's suffer the brunt of the tyrant , no .
va	PRES	The funniest thing ever . '
va	PRES	" Fried chicken liver . "
va	PRES	' I was an idiot , I realise that now . '
va	PRES	He pulls me closer .
va	PRES	The light flickers above me .
va	PAST	What would have appeared to be the entire Twelve Cities descended upon the stone piazza outside Central Tower .
va	PAST	Andrew nudged at his shoulder .
va	PRES	Later in the evening , Julian runs outside when he sees fireflies in the front yard .
va	PRES	Sammie yanks Tim from his gazing .
va	PRES	Another set of footsteps pad down the hall .
va	PAST	His mind wandered back to the previous Saturday afternoon .
va	PRES	Kim studies Shelton 's lean , bearded face for answers .
va	PRES	" You inspire me , Brynn .
va	PAST	His steps quickened as he turned a corner , getting closer to the woman who consumed his thoughts more than he cared to admit .
va	PRES	This characteristic creates in element of surprise making its enemy unaware of its presence .
va	PAST	Chris cursed loudly as he recoiled , but he didn 't release her as the fireball slammed into the three of them .
va	PAST	Scott 's short legs pumped faster as he darted up the broken incline .
va	PAST	I straightened my posture .
va	PRES	He studies Gage a bit longer and then shrugs , seeming to dismiss the conundrum from his mind .
va	PAST	Yet , when they needed the rain to , say , put out a fire , it sprinkled or withheld .
va	PRES	I strongly suspect that she already knew about her sister 's condition . '
va	PRES	I presume this is double standards ... stark hypocrisy . "
va	PRES	Then these psycho dudes in black masks jump out and drag me into the backseat . "
va	PRES	" Josh again , huh ?
va	PAST	Finally , he veered onto the sidewalk and haphazardly dashed down the stairs , fighting to keep his balance .
va	PAST	I cursed everyone and everything as they dragged me away and slid me out of the tear in the wall of the blockade .
va	PRES	" I suspect , " Amy said , " that their ownership of that watch was rather recent .
va	PRES	At least its brim hid some of that flawless skin and the line of your jaw . "
va	PAST	" Make pie , " I wrote on my notepad .
va	PRES	" One of our spies reports that the community lies empty , now .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down her cheek as she tried to muffle her screams .
va	PRES	He feeds on it like the gods used to feed on mortals ' beliefs in them .
va	PRES	" Um ... " Nope , didn 't hear him wrong .
va	PAST	Mike shuddered at the thought .
va	PRES	She sets the basket on the desk and starts pulling stuff out and setting the table .
va	PRES	I suspect her heart will be broken .
va	PRES	" Most unfortunate . "
va	PAST	The dancer performed several very athletic , erotic maneuvers that showed off her flexibility , but still didn 't give Kira a good view of her face .
va	PAST	She trembled caresses over his beloved face .
va	PAST	She moaned , a high , desperate sound , and her fangs lengthened .
va	PRES	" This show ends at nine every night , so I asked them if I could borrow the place at 12 .
va	PRES	" Malcom tells me you 're some kind of detective ? "
va	PAST	The ground shuddered with the beating of the lightning and the roll of the thunder .
va	PRES	" Well , shit ... Sir , " he adds , scratching his practically bald head .
va	PAST	Her voice ached with longing .
va	PRES	You 're the tracker , " Lennox shoots back .
va	PRES	Blythe yells as she takes aim on the craft directly behind us using the radar screen .
va	PAST	Jess 's stomach lurched .
va	PAST	The older man clapped him on the shoulder with a friendly grin .
va	PAST	And I never complained about the life you gave me because I knew it wouldn 't make a difference .
va	PAST	Kowalski grumbled under his breath as he put the cruiser into gear .
va	PRES	Lisa suddenly sobs , the pain causing tears to form .
va	PRES	" Try it , asswipe , " he jokes as he punches my shoulder .
va	PRES	His head whips toward me and his voice is strained .
va	PAST	He flipped two pancakes onto a plate and filled a cup of orange juice .
va	PAST	Joan 's head throbbed .
va	PRES	" No one understands why you said no . "
va	PRES	The time arrives to pour it out completely . "
va	PRES	" The Alliance ? "
va	PAST	" Watch your step , " he cautioned the same moment a jutting branch scraped her bare ankle and she cursed under her breath .
va	PAST	She arranged the paraphernalia on Althea 's art table , then backed out of the room .
va	PAST	and with that the boy ducked down behind the stone and disappeared from sight .
va	PAST	I blushed and looked down at my feet .
va	PAST	She bustled around my bed a few minutes more in silence .
va	PAST	Ren coughed up more blood .
va	PAST	Stuart winked in return , and said , ' These really are some of the most beautiful flowers I 've ever seen . '
va	PAST	Cassidy squared her shoulders and raised her chin .
va	PRES	He rests his elbows on the table , letting a smile slip across his lips .
va	PAST	Rocking back in his chair , he contemplated the dirty beige wall directly opposite him .
va	PRES	I wink and smile at her .
va	PRES	" Dr. Ellis . "
va	PAST	I fired all of my shells , 16 times . "
va	PRES	A few short seconds later the machine spit the donuts out .
va	PAST	The smallest squirmed on its belly to lick the alpha male 's jaw .
va	PAST	She patted my arm and shook her head .
va	PAST	Frank 's heart melted .
va	PRES	" Sounds like a very desperate speech to me .
va	PRES	" Ben Carlson . "
va	PAST	My eyes popped open .
va	PRES	He drops down to squat in front of me .
va	PRES	Everyone assumes I must have inherited wind magic too , but so far ... well , I 've only been able to use it once . "
va	PAST	Nick paced the center of the room , stopped and looked at Dean .
va	PAST	Chapter 13 Elizabeth paced the length of her bed .
va	PRES	When they get to Steve 's bedroom , Marie tucks Steve in with his teddy bear .
va	PAST	' But we won 't have been on company business , ' cautioned Sylvie .
va	PAST	He noted that the doctor 's eyes had grown glassy and wide , her breathing harder .
va	PAST	She applied her face paint .
va	PRES	A weight lifts from my chest , and the rest of my anger comes flooding in .
va	PAST	In silence , we rode up in the elevator .
va	PAST	The tallest towers belonged to the main building , which seemed to have been built more for intimidation than for beauty .
va	PAST	" He will kill you , " she threatened .
va	PRES	And the group also includes diseases which are specific to certain subsets of the human population , particularly unfit subsets of the human population " .
va	PAST	Sharon 's eyes drifted over to where she had motioned to .
va	PAST	She whirled around , her hand going defensively to her throat .
va	PRES	" Oh , I intend to . "
va	PRES	Tanya perks up a little .
va	PAST	With a rush of air they dived , swooping towards the dense jungle at great speed .
va	PRES	For an instant she debated pulling back .
va	PAST	I bristled , but I forced my tongue silent .
va	PRES	" When he isn 't shamelessly chasing after you !
va	PAST	" I 've told you , " I assured them .
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PAST	She shuddered with revulsion , but did not pull away .
va	PRES	" Just a lot cooler . "
va	PAST	Arthur suspected that the sugar in the icing alone made the Dutchman 's efforts at hitting his ' five a day ' redundant .
va	PAST	The fire below illuminated an circle twenty paces across , and fourteen men lounged in its flickering light .
va	PRES	Adel soon realizes that the honeymoon is over before it had even begun .
va	PAST	The remaining liquid seeped out onto the dirt .
va	PRES	' And who runs the site ? '
va	PAST	To his right , forty feet ahead , Kane was also frozen , crouched atop a fallen trunk , his eyes fixed .
va	PAST	" Our forces marched north while I was left to watch the western front .
va	PRES	She hid a grimace with a grin and tried to ignore the sick feeling in her stomach .
va	PRES	The sun shines through a kitchen window onto her unlined face .
va	PRES	" When you arrive at your new home world , you intend to land the cargo portion of your craft and unpack its contents , correct ? "
va	PAST	Sure , I slugged Stick yesterday but that was no reason to keep me out of the loop .
va	PAST	John just winked at me .
va	PRES	Part of me enjoys it .
va	PRES	He shoots me a doubtful look as he starts flipping through a T-shirt rack .
va	PRES	The ball banks the backboard , circles the rim , and then goes out .
va	PRES	He jerks a thumb toward the pool .
va	PAST	A murmur of anticipation hummed through the decaying room , the first indication that the other Council members were capable of speaking .
va	PRES	He lifts one side of his mouth in a lazy smile .
va	PAST	Blake 's desire to prove to his father that he didn 't need the man 's money , or his title , fueled his drive .
va	PRES	I 'm embarrassed to admit , I envy her that .
va	PRES	" Yes it matters .
va	PAST	The trainers popped into view .
va	PAST	" Good , good , " Bricker assured her quickly .
va	PRES	My forehead creases as I assess her .
va	PAST	He cursed and Austin froze .
va	PRES	I presume he continued his philandering ways over here ? "
va	PRES	The white marrow particles in my blood stream float back into the fracture .
va	PRES	Albert Einstein " Hey .
va	PAST	A sound escaped , something suspiciously close to a rough growl .
va	PRES	" Well that 's kind of rude , " Jack adds .
va	PAST	A small sound escaped .
va	PRES	Never interrupt a teenage girl 's nap . "
va	PAST	" Quite so , " Mary conceded .
va	PAST	' It belonged to my late wife . ' '
va	PAST	Desire arced between them , moving through her like a jolt of electricity .
va	PRES	" ' Kay . "
va	PAST	A traffic jam ensued , nearly taking Dmitry off his feet in the process .
va	PAST	Anything that threatened to break her focus .
va	PAST	" Try again , " the Adventurous commanded .
va	PRES	He pulls his wallet out of his back pocket and extracts a check from it , which he hands to me .
va	PRES	Or it might catch you , the voice notes .
va	PRES	" To what do I owe this ? "
va	PRES	It cares nothing about dignity .
va	PAST	Jenny edged forward faster than she normally would have .
va	PAST	To the side , Laird McCabe halted his horse and issued an order for Cormac to ride ahead and alert the keep of their return .
va	PAST	A stray bullet grazed my cheek .
va	PAST	The Apple throbbed and seemed to pulse and Altair began to see images .
va	PRES	" But what if his family has the marriage undone ?
va	PAST	I pried the back away and gently let the picture fall to my lap as I laid her glass house aside .
va	PAST	Dad puffed out his chest .
va	PAST	Kate dug her nails in her palms and took it all .
va	PAST	She tore the garments out of his hand , and her French accent got the better of her .
va	PAST	They registered surprise and confusion .
va	PRES	Not a sound breaks the magic of repose .
va	PAST	His penis throbbed hard once , then twice in her mouth .
va	PAST	Not taking his eyes from her , he yanked the phone out of his pocket and put it to his ear .
va	PAST	I slam the burn on my arm , seeing my triangle etched with three colored emerald green letters , A , B , C at the tips .
va	PRES	" Don 't go , Winston ... " it pleaded .
va	PAST	Suddenly , however , she scowled as something dawned on her .
va	PAST	Both Tony Fisher , Quin 's best man , and Jade delivered moving readings about love and marriage .
va	PRES	His eyes glitter with tears as he offers a hesitant smile .
va	PAST	I peeked over my shoulder to see my mother 's dark form behind me and saw something that made my breath catch in my chest .
va	PAST	A cloud of dust showers the track as the riders race their first lap around the track .
va	PRES	He circles my neck with kisses , and it lights me up from the inside .
va	PRES	( laughs ) Stay out of courts , man , that 's my motto .
va	PAST	Every reason she had for pushing him away evaporated .
va	PRES	Every bone in my body aches to scream " mind your own business , " but I hold my tongue .
va	PRES	She stuffs it inside her jacket .
va	PAST	She paced slowly back and forth , not sure how to begin .
va	PAST	she croaked , the words hurting her throat .
va	PAST	Show me , Kira mouthed .
va	PRES	I prefer it with soda .
va	PAST	I launched myself out of that bed like a rocket .
va	PAST	Gregori yanked her arm as he emerged from the woods running , still half wolf , half man , changing as he ran .
va	PRES	I owe you one . "
va	PRES	Nicole catches on quickly and nods .
va	PRES	He slips his hands under the counter and chooses an object .
va	PAST	" All right , pilgrim , " Joe B. parried .
va	PAST	Tessa scrambled out of bed , wrapped herself in the bathrobe and looked around for the clothes discarded last night .
va	PAST	She wrote a note . "
va	PRES	Of course this provoked startled screams as the helpless woman , unable to see , fought desperately with the only limbs she had free .
va	PAST	I scanned my image in the mirror trying to figure out what I had missed .
va	PRES	" It just proves that someone like him doesn 't commit easily .
va	PRES	The relativity demands that we approach any idea or a matter in perfect objectivity .
va	PAST	The oarsmen ushered them to the ladders and went up behind them , making sure they got up properly , blindfolded as they were .
va	PRES	" In sort of blunt , brutal way . "
va	PAST	I staggered past him then remembered .
va	PRES	Nine growls a series of curses .
va	PRES	" I know , Mase .
va	PRES	I tuck my notebook into my bag and they help me to the wheelchair like I can 't walk .
va	PAST	A muscle popped in Nixon 's jaw .
va	PAST	Shelf after shelf , Will inspected the stores of food , from candied yams to raspberry jam and pickled venison .
va	PRES	They are driven by the sun and the time it commands .
va	PRES	" I want to see them , " I interrupt .
va	PAST	Cindi straightened up , a little tense .
va	PRES	He lifts his arms up to replace the coffee tin and I see the dark blue bruise on his left side .
va	PRES	And the Day Soldiers .
va	PRES	Nobody bullies me , says nasty things to me or tries to make me feel like I 'm a freak .
va	PAST	When my father and I set out to face King Richard , they sacked Brecon Castle and kidnapped my sisters , Elizabeth and Anne .
va	PRES	Wesley scratched his chin .
va	PRES	Fingers that spider together and are cobwebs .
va	PAST	Yet he raped the Earth , the sea and sand And coveted his neighbour 's land and sought to subjugate .
va	PRES	A tear runs down my chin and splashes to the cold stone floor .
va	PAST	" Riki , Riki , Riki , " the girl chanted and cast her eyes up to the heavens again .
va	PAST	He fed her his cock , one thick inch at a time .
va	PAST	I flexed my hand as I ran , and the last of the pain subsided .
va	PRES	Immediately , wild cries of joy , screams of delight resounded through the Russian afternoon sky .
va	PAST	Her face lit with pleasure , her eyes sparked merrily .
va	PRES	He pulls his hand out from my touch and looks left then right .
va	PRES	" I 'm fine , " I assure her , but it 's only partly true , because I 'm fine yet I 'm terrified .
va	PAST	She straddled him , her sweet body pressing down against him until he groaned and rolled his hips up into her .
va	PRES	" Shut off all leads to Dragon Medical Bay ! "
va	PRES	" No regrets even after what happened today ? "
va	PAST	the high priestess wailed as she fell to the ground in supplication .
va	PRES	Nate picks me up bridal style and says , " Okay , everyone , let 's go have ourselves a party . "
va	PAST	" Actually , Marie , I 've discovered I 'm a rare kind of gal , " she interjected as she grinned at Isaac .
va	PAST	Joshua winked at Elizabeth and opened the car door for her .
va	PAST	He longed to wake the hibernating bear .
va	PRES	It 's barely a city at all , he realizes , half the size of Narvik .
va	PRES	Pulsating and throbbing , I crumple to the pavement .
va	PRES	As the gorilla moved , the computer verified that the flat image was , indeed , three-dimensional and coherent .
va	PRES	Reeve yells at me .
va	PAST	Impressed with her spirit as well as her beauty , the King granted her wish .
va	PAST	His eyebrows bent inward in confusion .
va	PAST	Ella peeked out the front window .
va	PAST	My pulse raced , and I took great gulps of air , trying to calm myself down .
va	PRES	He only listens to her . "
va	PRES	They intend to kill the Green Fae and the others inside the curtain . "
va	PRES	" Slow down , princess .
va	PAST	Willow flipped her hair off her shoulder and walked away from Declan feeling rather proud .
va	PAST	As he drifted amidst the sea of anger a long buried memory surfaced to confront him .
va	PRES	Coto wakes up and licks at Leon 's fingers , silently saying ' don 't stop scratching ' .
va	PAST	Soren 's arms straightened , his gun swinging between the Guardians .
va	PAST	The vein on her forehead popped out with all the strength she was trying to muster .
va	PRES	Gabe 's voice jumps an octave .
va	PAST	Her mother straightened in her chair , eyes shining with emotion .
va	PRES	It loops around twice as we stand in silence .
va	PRES	" That 's great , " Rift chimes in , the trepidation in his voice still growing .
va	PAST	He straightened his spine and faced his father-in-law across the room .
va	PAST	Carefully poking her head in rooms , she wandered through the empty halls .
va	PAST	Though my vision floundered , my other senses sang .
va	PRES	A quick hop down and quick hop up .
va	PRES	" We 're aiding the process , getting them out of the gene pool so to speak , one little nip and suck at a time .
va	PAST	Ellie blushed and caught herself before shouting something nasty in Linda 's direction .
va	PRES	" Young man , " he said , " we owe you our lives . "
va	PRES	Hearing us close by , Juliet lifts her little head to see who 's talking .
va	PAST	" Listen to him , Eve , " Donovan prompted .
va	PRES	" Another picnic ? "
va	PAST	I whimpered in response .
va	PAST	I scowled at him .
va	PRES	It was said to have been a suicide , " Principal James tells us .
va	PRES	" I 'm just not sure how you can tell this closet from some of the other dark closets you zoomed past .
va	PAST	The temperature cooled as we sat in a circle sucking on our tasteless energy packs .
va	PAST	" Don 't sit back on your heels , " Alexander commanded .
va	PRES	With a sickening rip , my skin breaks free of the sticky web .
va	PRES	The thought of facing Thomas alone in a jail cell sends a wave of panic through me , but I steel myself .
va	PAST	She moaned , rising to meet him with every harder thrust .
va	PAST	The worry in Roxy 's voice tore at her .
va	PRES	Think Vegas , but on a river .
va	PRES	She hunts down lost children .
va	PRES	I tend to feel the Pump is harmful , but maybe that 's because I want to believe that . "
va	PAST	I tore through the door to the street instead , running as quickly as I could to the safety and loneliness of Avalon 's stolen Lexus .
va	PRES	I tighten my robe and pad down the stairs to let MacKenzie know we need to get dressed .
va	PAST	She concentrated her fingers on its chest , rubbing gently in small , circular motions .
va	PAST	" Maybe we could get you a plant or something next time , " Stella snickered falling into a pose against the wall .
va	PRES	" One way flights to Seattle . "
va	PAST	He dipped his head , his lips hovering over her ear , his hot breath fanning over her skin .
va	PAST	He winked at me , and before I knew what was happening , we were going underwater again .
va	PRES	" But what about Aiden ? "
va	PRES	" Just one soldier ... " " Yes Sir . "
va	PAST	I avoided eye contact with Trystan , which was part of my mistake today .
va	PAST	Brooke patted Emily 's stomach as her daughter stretched , wiggling her fingers and toes , yawning .
va	PRES	Not one of our best sets but then again the odds was stacked against a band like us at one of those nights .
va	PRES	Cora rolls her eyes and mouths to me silently , " Expendable . "
va	PRES	" Apparently Carl Luck drinks and gambles at an Indian casino near Simi , called Moon Feathers . "
va	PAST	Deborah scowled at her , then rolled her eyes and shrugged .
va	PRES	His deadpan features confirm the children are gone !
va	PAST	Heavy footsteps descended the stairs at a run , jerking me out of my speculations .
va	PRES	Lily wrinkled her pert nose , her corkscrew inky curls so like her mother 's own unruly hair .
va	PRES	I attend the dojo three times a week and enter into combat .
va	PRES	But Preston wouldn 't let go of me or the bridle , he calmed him down .
va	PAST	Randy 's voice softened as their eyes met .
va	PAST	A dry laugh escaped her throat , surprise crossing her face .
va	PAST	His sudden appearance on the sidewalk challenged Gretchen 's resolve to remain calm and focused .
va	PAST	Still grinning , Mad Dog raced across the snowy yard and bounded up the sagging porch steps .
va	PAST	A full moon mating , even more than a full sun ceremony , tended to raise the mating frenzy in others .
va	PRES	When she 's done , she pulls the FedEx letter out of the trash again .
va	PAST	I logged in and started going through my daily assault of emails .
va	PRES	He pulls me to my feet and presses a quick kiss to my lips .
va	PAST	She arched a brow .
va	PAST	His gentle touch surveyed the place on her belly that felt as if it were on fire .
va	PAST	Navarre interjected with a laugh .
va	PAST	" Leave her , " a voice suddenly commanded around us .
va	PRES	I jerk myself back .
va	PAST	My back is pressed against the wood , my arms and legs splayed awkwardly as I stare up at the rafters in the ceiling .
va	PRES	Coach Dieter yells from across the field .
va	PAST	I scrunched my face up .
va	PRES	Like , way hotter than it was at Thorne . "
va	PAST	He coughed , tasting salt and blood in his mouth .
va	PRES	He jumps into ' king ' mode . "
va	PAST	" I threatened to turn him in .
va	PAST	The majority of Troy 's men concentrated their efforts on William , Patrick , and Hector , although the remaining five didn 't have it easy .
va	PAST	I tore a headset off of the wall and quickly put it on .
va	PRES	" I guess we all have our own interpretation " the English royal responds with a stony face .
va	PRES	" Cleo , in here a minute . "
va	PRES	" A really bad dude .
va	PRES	She crashes on the bed without giving it a second thought .
va	PAST	The heavy scent of jasmine drifted to them and overhead , the moon was bright , dazzling in the sky .
va	PRES	He hid his shudder .
va	PRES	It reminds me of A Midsummer Night 's Dream with all the chaos caused by the fairies ' love spells ... like magic . "
va	PAST	Maybe she granted people 's wishes , but that didn 't seem right .
va	PAST	Romulus whined in response .
va	PRES	" His math ... " " We can do it after dinner ! "
va	PAST	The horses spooked and the wagon flipped over on Erik . "
va	PRES	" Of course , if that 's what Linda wants ... " " Excellent .
va	PRES	" Not even footprints .
va	PRES	I adjust my hat , " Where is she ? "
va	PAST	Iris flushed and let out a shocked little gasp .
va	PAST	He flipped the camera over , found the card slot and expertly ejected the memory card .
va	PRES	Two more hurried up to him , all begging and splashing for the fishy treats .
va	PRES	Burns spat at me .
va	PAST	" She said Randy 's girlfriend was dinner , " Dori snorted .
va	PRES	Demetrius stumbles backward at the moment of impact .
va	PRES	I nearly float on air making my way forward .
va	PAST	My hands were shaking so hard the pages fluttered from my fingers as I tried to read the story for the third time .
va	PRES	He pulls me tight against him , resting his head between my breasts , as we both take deep , gasping breaths .
va	PRES	With that , he blows his horn and is on his way .
va	PAST	The other woman , her pregnancy barely visible , probably there for her first scan , leafed through a magazine .
va	PAST	Roth moaned when I wiggled , slipping my hands under his shirt .
va	PRES	" You owe me dinner . "
va	PAST	He spared Rio a quick glance , full of regret and resignation .
va	PRES	Asher growls , glaring at my mom .
va	PAST	Giggling erupted from several girls standing near Lucas as he pinned his lips together in good-natured irritation and raked his dark hair back out of his face .
va	PAST	He fed between my legs with tongue and lips and , lightly , teeth , so that I made my own eager sounds into Mistral 's mouth .
va	PRES	An out-of-town visitor . "
va	PAST	But instead he pivoted slowly , his pupils flaring with recognition when his eyes landed on the bench .
va	PAST	A dim feeling of claustrophobia surfaced at the edge of my consciousness : my view was limited to the ceiling and the sidewall of the vehicle .
va	PRES	I raise my hand and he looks up at me and nods , then marks his form .
va	PAST	Then his mind latched onto a thought .
va	PRES	He lifts my hand and kisses each knuckle .
va	PAST	Claire drifted farther into the chapel sanctuary .
va	PRES	She moans , rising on her tiptoes again and pushing back against me .
va	PAST	" Just one or two small items , " she assured him cheerily .
va	PAST	Jonah 's stoic expression melted into a grimace .
va	PRES	Would you still seek revenge if we found that to be true ? "
va	PAST	I 'm coming , he mouthed .
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PRES	My heart hops inside my chest , but before I can do anything , it 's over .
va	PAST	And I suspected I already knew what might work .
va	PAST	" But you disagreed with Tolan . "
va	PAST	His Glock occupied the bedside table .
va	PRES	The President regrets General Lewis 's decision to retire and wishes the General success with his future endeavors . "
va	PRES	I scroll through the pictures on my phone to the older ones .
va	PAST	I planted my thumb firmly on her clit and rubbed it until she couldn 't take anymore and I sent her body to orgasm .
va	PRES	Their leader shoots back , " Tell that to a fighting force outnumbered 1,000 to one . "
va	PAST	Steve escorted her to the gate and watched as the pleasant young woman climbed in an ancient Land Rover .
va	PRES	But big-ass chopper just paints a more vivid picture . "
va	PAST	He fed the disc to the machine and waited for the first strains of the orchestra to drown out the distant hum of the lawnmower .
va	PAST	Despite all my efforts , Sara trembled more than before , her eyes unfocused .
va	PAST	She poked Guy playfully in the side with her elbow .
va	PAST	You suck , " Ryan grumbled , climbing into her car .
va	PAST	" I don 't forget , dear , " Celeste assured her .
va	PRES	the holographic guide in the temple tells us as his voice can be heard ... everywhere .
va	PRES	" Thanks Kris . "
va	PRES	" Well , I just require ten vampires as usual . "
va	PRES	The idea of Bastian wet and soapy , and totally naked , made my insides flutter and the space between my legs tighten .
va	PAST	He flipped open the buttons then pushed her top aside before reaching behind her to unhook her bra .
va	PAST	I delivered the carrots , as we agreed , and took the opportunity to ask her about it .
va	PRES	The way she 's looking up at me tells me there 's something else .
va	PAST	Her face expressed caution and discomfort .
va	PRES	" Mister Frost ? "
va	PAST	She yanked on his hair and screamed for mercy as he sent another finger in to join the first .
va	PAST	Her ankle throbbed , but she didn 't care .
va	PRES	I hid , and realized my armor would slow me down and protect me not at all against mages .
va	PRES	Daniel studies his son .
va	PAST	" When we did not hear back in a few hours , the majority of us voted to run for it .
va	PRES	Then we strike . "
va	PRES	He pulls my hair painfully , sending my hands to the back of my head .
va	PAST	The log crackled loudly sending a bright flare into the room and the cat yawned .
va	PAST	They belonged to a truck .
va	PRES	Her family reports that Prince Durante systematically destroyed her self-esteem , and she ended up despising herself .
va	PAST	Thank you madam , ' my student overjoyed .
va	PRES	Lissa here baked them .
va	PAST	" You hired me to get some proof that she was stalking you . "
va	PAST	The fire crackled and lit his features .
va	PRES	Pox views the floor then her .
va	PRES	Kenny wheeled around to see what the other two had done .
va	PRES	She directs me towards the back of the room .
va	PRES	His deep voice startles me again .
va	PAST	Slowly the elevator descended .
va	PRES	After a while , he realizes that everyone is watching him .
va	PAST	I quickly applied it and returned the tube to my purse just as he was parking his truck in the vacant space next to my car .
va	PAST	Her breasts ached , and as always , she was wet and welcoming for him .
va	PAST	Jason carefully avoided my gaze .
va	PRES	What part of the beast you ate matters not .
va	PAST	He strove knowingly with the second law of thermodynamics ; he was finely aware of steam tables , compressible flow , and the transform of Laplace .
va	PRES	" Awesome , will you excuse me please , Brittany ? "
va	PAST	Alistair cackled from across the room .
va	PRES	He runs beside Adel .
va	PAST	The little boy wiggled to the floor and packed his tote with toys .
va	PAST	" Don 't be such a baby , " Rhona chastised .
va	PAST	I introduced myself , told her how that lone light snagged my curiosity for no other reason than it was a light on a dark hillside .
va	PAST	Beyond them a navy sky dappled with specks of light .
va	PRES	" It 's not your problem , Jericho - " Chloe started and I could hear sincerity but I cut her off instead .
va	PRES	I release a breath as I floor the car , even though the Challenger is still stalled .
va	PRES	Then , if what we did wasn 't really very admirable , we tend to forget that it ever happened .
va	PRES	Nothing else matters . "
va	PRES	" Damien , " I whisper , then release him as I fumble at the knot on my hip .
va	PAST	Santino arched his eyebrow and turned to look over his shoulder .
va	PAST	" Energy is at eighty seven percent and holding " Power commented .
va	PRES	Emerson lowers his lips to mine , giving me a sweet , swift kiss goodnight .
va	PRES	No one shrieks or tries to push ahead .
va	PRES	Luckily , Gary saves me .
va	PRES	I intend to be the thorn in your side until I drive you mad with fury .
va	PRES	My assailant picks up the crossbow and backs away a few steps .
va	PAST	They tore through the air over everything else and traveled down that long hallway as if Bryson was standing right next to them .
va	PRES	" I suck at both . "
va	PAST	A panicked rat scrambled over the edge .
va	PAST	Her hand trembled as she opened the compartment .
va	PAST	They complemented each other .
va	PRES	You realise that concealing a body is a criminal offence and the CPS may consider that you 've obstructed the police ? "
va	PAST	She moaned softly , and he broke the kiss .
va	PRES	It pleases her to dress as she does , and she requires no more reason than that . "
va	PAST	Sweat beaded on his brow .
va	PAST	Her mother 's voice yanked her out of the euphoria that had descended .
va	PAST	James inspected the montage of happier times while he waited for Joni to come home .
va	PAST	" I heal fast , " I drawled .
va	PAST	Chairs and tables toppled or became missiles .
va	PRES	Reginald believes that the experiences which Mr. Miranda somehow described could be due to energy from events which his ancestors experienced .
va	PAST	Radcliffe arched a brow coldly .
va	PAST	She paced around Morgan again , muttering something under her breath .
va	PRES	" But not Casper . "
va	PAST	Robert flexed restlessly on the sheet as desire tightened his muscles , then forced himself to relax again to better enjoy her attentions .
va	PRES	I reckon we do .
va	PAST	He controlled the story .
va	PRES	" Just south of Bellow Hill . "
va	PRES	The bee represents the circularity of life and the unending buzz of immortality .
va	PRES	He slaps the outside of the cave .
va	PAST	Allen 's heart quickened sharply , " Barely , but I don 't want to talk about it now . "
va	PAST	We encountered plenty of zombies , but individually or in small groups they simply were no match for us .
va	PRES	" I reckon it is .
va	PRES	" We owe you so much . "
va	PAST	He visualized the surprise on the face of the first person he encountered when he walked out of this forbidding place .
va	PAST	She welcomed it and threw her head back when I squeezed it .
va	PRES	They shift and change .
va	PAST	I shuddered as Mallory pulled out a pair of high black heels and a fitted white button-up blouse .
va	PAST	When I took a crowbar to the hinges , they popped right off !
va	PAST	Then she dug her nail into his cheek .
va	PRES	" I 'm sure she will , " Monroe responds .
va	PAST	I winced as Tristan snarls filled my ears .
va	PAST	Black and forbidding it loomed above them , darker than the dark sky behind .
va	PRES	Her huge eyes dart to regard Doctor Hicks .
va	PRES	You animals you . "
va	PRES	All of the tension drops from him and his hands cease their shaking .
va	PAST	This male belonged to his Queen and shouldn 't be harmed .
va	PAST	Amos clapped him on the shoulder .
va	PAST	He cursed himself under his breath and tried to gather her close .
va	PRES	" Such a demanding beast . "
va	PAST	He rode through sheets of rain , scarce able to see the way in front of him .
va	PRES	" That reminds me .
va	PAST	His name erupted from her lips on a scream of pleasure as he opened her wide for his tongue and slid inside her clenching heat .
va	PAST	" To find something stolen most brutally from us .
va	PRES	" No , but - " The ground swayed , and I tasted bitter bile forming in the back of my throat .
va	PAST	" Yes , but I 'm missing classes because she didn 't show up on time , " I grumbled .
va	PRES	I just scowl in disgust and glare at him .
va	PAST	Terra coughed behind her and brought her out of the memory and back to the puzzled mortals staring at her .
va	PRES	And , again , I apologize for any distress I might have caused you tonight . "
va	PRES	" Then I apologize ! "
va	PRES	Elizabeth switches from disapproval to exasperation as a kettle hisses .
va	PRES	I gaped , at a loss for words .
va	PRES	' Is it servant ? '
va	PAST	Dan scurried off to fulfill the request .
va	PRES	Low moans come from the side of a pile of colored wood that once stood as the side of a greenhouse .
va	PRES	He feebly moves his arms and legs .
va	PRES	" Now he poses no threat .
va	PRES	I rub my finger along the stones of the ring , trying to calm the nervousness in my voice .
va	PAST	And I drifted into an agonizing swoon .
va	PAST	Thornton straightened his waistcoat .
va	PAST	His lips immediately parted , coaxing her inward .
va	PRES	I intend to take that up with him . "
va	PAST	Drew shuddered as her already tight body , started convulsing around him and he couldn 't hold off any longer .
va	PAST	John poked Dusty real hard in the chest with his middle and index fingers .
va	PRES	The general naiveté proves advantageous if only to distract him from far grander revelations .
va	PRES	Miya growls , " Because you 're going to die .
va	PRES	She wakes up , gasping .
va	PRES	" Sounds kind of cool .
va	PAST	The red light on the panel flipped green .
va	PRES	" But not his friends from his youth ? "
va	PRES	" How rude . "
va	PRES	He tells us often enough that Ship won 't let us leave .
va	PRES	I raise my eyebrows at Chloe , " She 's perfectly happy . "
va	PRES	It catches my eye as the light filters through the bronze glass .
va	PAST	" Not to worry , I traded off two of the cookies . "
va	PAST	The four of them sprinted through the endless space .
va	PAST	He moaned quietly as her fingers warmed his skin .
va	PAST	The great canoe , paddles flashing like fins , surged across the sea toward the sunrise .
va	PAST	She whimpered , buried her face against his neck once more , and held him more tightly than she 'd ever done before .
va	PRES	I gasp , and fling a fist out at whatever I can hit , which just happens to be Peter 's wrist .
va	PRES	I sip at water and remember all the clothes that Amy thrust upon me .
va	PAST	Grace retrieved her mat from the corner of the room , and placed it next to Olivia 's .
va	PAST	Her boss suspected her husband was cheating on her but he was clever and proving it was difficult .
va	PRES	" Two words : Fort Thompson . "
va	PAST	I snuggled into him and sighed happily .
va	PRES	I suspect he 's renting , so there would be no record of that .
va	PAST	I distracted my father .
va	PAST	Wilmot grumbled a bit .
va	PAST	I grit my teeth against the possibility that the answer is no .
va	PRES	Every breath in my body escapes me .
va	PRES	" Candidate consistently proves to achieve higher success rates in the completion of mission objectives than any other man in his group .
va	PAST	She inserted a card into the phone and dialed .
va	PAST	" You just ... erupted .
va	PAST	Artificial light flooded her tiny apartment and she heard the air conditioner kick on .
va	PAST	The guard scowled at her and left .
va	PAST	Dollop quickened his pace further .
va	PRES	The only thing that stopped him was the dark circles under her eyes that he could see even in the dim light .
va	PRES	I suspect that you jammed this under it . "
va	PAST	Even though she 'd flinched when she 'd touched Cale 's chest .
va	PRES	Another account picks up the story at this point , but offers a little more information .
va	PRES	" Really risque notes . "
va	PAST	Alaric and Jake crammed in with the Black Watch , who insisted on traveling last .
va	PAST	In fact , her very posture implied ... Goodness , no .
va	PRES	He pulls my hair harder , and I want more .
va	PRES	" Let me go , " growls Ares .
va	PAST	He moaned something indecipherable in his sleep , tucking his face into my neck .
va	PRES	The surprise audible in his raspy voice .
va	PAST	He arched a brow .
va	PRES	She rests her hand on his shoulder and he smiles .
va	PRES	He tosses the towel down on the back of the chair in the living room .
va	PRES	A woman carrying a baseball bat runs out and begins to strike against the windshield .
va	PRES	And , of course , for that conversation you owe me .
va	PRES	" Not that I wouldn 't hit on you , " he adds with a grin .
va	PRES	He never acts like this .
va	PAST	Tom staggered and clutched at the slick wall , while the figure paused for less than a heartbeat .
va	PRES	When he finally fell asleep Charlie dreamt he was listening to McKay lecture his class on Foucault .
va	PRES	" What about Elise ? "
va	PAST	And with that she hung up , satisfied that she 'd eliminated the one obstacle to her happiness .
va	PAST	Shifting Red so that she could carry the cat with one arm , she linked her free arm in John 's and pulled him toward the door .
va	PRES	The commands devolved into ... screams .
va	PAST	He concentrated on her , found she was terribly weak , her blood volume insufficient .
va	PAST	" Because we 're both attracted to each other and you wanted to get to know me better . "
va	PAST	" I hired her in September .
va	PAST	Will commanded as Bea snapped at him .
va	PRES	He drops his arms and turns around to face the lockers , hitting one of them with a flat palm .
va	PAST	New impressions crashed down on the friends like an avalanche .
va	PAST	Her headset crackled with calls from the ground .
va	PAST	I resisted the idea for weeks , thinking it was too mystical for me .
va	PRES	A glance at your history reminds us of that .
va	PRES	He pours the alcohol into one glass , handing it to me before pouring his own and setting the bottle down .
va	PRES	Brian furrows his eyebrows at me .
va	PAST	Fade arched a brow .
va	PRES	Then a loud screech from somewhere outside .
va	PRES	" It wasn 't me , " I assure her .
va	PRES	When they land they form cracks in the clouds that light shines through .
va	PRES	They reckon a lot of kids like you do . '
va	PAST	I quickly showered and dried my hair .
va	PAST	The scans materialized into data as the operations officers processed them .
va	PRES	He spat mud out of his mouth .
va	PRES	" What footprints ? "
va	PRES	Since ... " My voice trails off .
va	PRES	Probably twenty-three , but his gaze said he 'd seen things , done things , and would maybe like to do them with me .
va	PAST	Two ghastly puncture wounds over her jugular seeped blood , forming a pool all over Dixon 's bedspread .
va	PRES	The figure lurched into a sitting position and crawled forward , his breath audible over the roar in Dennis ' ears .
va	PRES	I sweep my hands , arms and waist to the side arching gracefully like a wind-blown tree with leaves on the first drum beat .
va	PAST	Another earthquake swelled up from below like an underground train exploding upward .
va	PRES	" I prefer nectar of oranges .
va	PRES	When I thanked Edmund for the scabbard , he colored and asked , " How did you know ? "
va	PRES	Dale said , " Well , good luck to ya mister . "
va	PRES	Her arms wriggle around my waist , and she gives me a tight squeeze .
va	PRES	He picks out an outfit from the yellow rack and hands it to me .
va	PRES	Something decidedly girly flutters in my chest .
va	PAST	" I just texted her .
va	PRES	I suggest you take it out of your bag of tricks for the persuading of young ladies . "
va	PRES	" How much farther ? "
va	PAST	I avoided the beam by rolling to the right and fired through the wall in a circling pattern .
va	PAST	Graham twined his fingers together and stretched his arms , knuckles cracking .
va	PAST	A smile softened the hard edge of his mouth .
va	PAST	fake Mira commanded , pointing at Jace .
va	PAST	Luna positioned herself about three steps in front of his planned path .
va	PAST	Travis ' fist crashed down on the desk , making every item on the surface tremble and roll .
va	PRES	" Yes , pages of them . "
va	PAST	The hurt in her eyes melted his anger .
va	PRES	In fact , I don ´ t hate him , I despise him .
va	PRES	Six upright marks and one slash sideways to make the seven .
va	PRES	Off in the distance , a car alarm shrieks .
va	PAST	They booked overnight bed and breakfast in Montreux , near the station , and caught the first train in the morning up to the summit .
va	PAST	Tears flooded her eyes .
va	PAST	He marched up to the nurse 's station again .
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry , I apologize .
va	PAST	She 'd slipped Ali a pair of diamond stud earrings before the ceremony that afternoon , a graduation gift .
va	PAST	Ebon retrieved the keys to the wagon , and then wiped his blade off on the dead man 's clothes before walking over .
va	PRES	Then he drops the pad and the pen to his lap .
va	PAST	Hundreds of pounds of weight stack on top of my chest , restricting air .
va	PAST	Yet , when his father refused to listen to reason and continued to raise taxes and oppress the governors , of course the people rebelled .
va	PAST	You flinched from me . "
va	PRES	" Nero Wolfe ? "
va	PRES	You 'll cooperate , 0 ' Halloran , the hard way or the easy way .
va	PAST	" Guess who 's coming to dinner , " Kade drawled under his breath .
va	PAST	She flipped through the pages of a book Kai had given her , the pages illuminated by the dying sun .
va	PRES	" Back to pancakes . "
va	PAST	Her breathing quickened as she contemplated the maneuver .
va	PAST	Despite the spitfire attitude he 'd witnessed all morning , her hesitation hinted at a shy side , captivating him even more .
va	PAST	He erupted in great liquid spurts as her hand cupped over him , holding him against her belly .
va	PRES	Nothing confidential happening here .
va	PAST	His thick eyebrows arched up and seemed to hold a secret amusement .
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he tells me again .
va	PRES	A smile leaps across his face .
va	PAST	Elizabeth straightened her spine .
va	PAST	She surrendered , laying all her emotions on the table .
va	PAST	My eyes drifted to Coca , and so did my hands .
va	PRES	He pulls me closer to him .
va	PRES	Everyone at work sends their best . "
va	PAST	He winced , shaking his head .
va	PAST	She moistened her lips and clung tighter to his hand .
va	PRES	Intensity hardened each word .
va	PAST	" Terrible , " he spat into the grate , getting rid not only from the liquid , but also from a weird aftertaste on his lips .
va	PAST	He teetered back to his feet .
va	PAST	Without thinking , I lunged for it , and caught it before it hit the ground .
va	PAST	Light shined weakly from where I 'd fell through , but suddenly it was as if someone switched it off , plummeting me into darkness .
va	PAST	He wandered up and down the street .
va	PRES	Then , Maryanne pulls out a baggy , with about ten pills inside .
va	PRES	He gestures to the doorway .
va	PRES	He acts like he 's sticking his fingers down his throat and makes a gagging noise .
va	PRES	He intends to poison you ! "
va	PAST	" Yes , but ... " Lynn was looking at a fissure in the floor that all the gas was coming out of .
va	PAST	Suddenly the mist bored into the heart of the spot , penetrating the wet soil and disappearing completely from the chamber .
va	PAST	He ducked into one of the buildings along the most constricted alley Smith had seen so far .
va	PAST	" Dexter Beesley , " he pumped Winkler 's hand enthusiastically .
va	PRES	Kayden immediately stiffens and the rubber band on his wrist snaps and snaps .
va	PRES	Mom pulls away , before touching Kira 's hair .
va	PRES	' A Morris 8 . '
va	PRES	" Although I thank you for defending my honor . "
va	PRES	Takes less time to say . '
va	PRES	Glancing over at my siblings and Charlie , this same fact registers with them .
va	PRES	I owe him more than I could ever repay .
va	PAST	They scrambled back up the ladder , stored their tools , and crept back out into the lights of the town .
va	PAST	- unsheathed double-edged swords and attacked .
va	PAST	They commented once in awhile on the marker inscriptions .
va	PAST	Thomas scowled as Etienne repeated that refrain and wished he 'd never mentioned his plans , but simply gone ahead and done it .
va	PRES	Places where technology hasn 't caught up and the trail will be full of dead ends .
va	PRES	I reckon brainpower isn 't always needed for a career in piracy .
va	PAST	He waited until she nodded , her face streaked with tears and her eyes wide and shocked .
va	PAST	Tavi arched an eyebrow at her .
va	PRES	The quieter the better . "
va	PRES	I suck in a slow breath at the idea of reading my mom 's thoughts , concerned what they 'll reveal , what they won 't reveal .
va	PRES	The grateful squeeze she gave him had nothing to do with holding on and sent his heart thudding painfully in his chest .
va	PAST	I tore it open .
va	PRES	She wrenched it out of her purse and looked at the number .
va	PRES	Gabe picks up the rabbit between his hands .
va	PAST	She clamped her lips tight against a sigh and asked one of her students to continue the yoga session .
va	PRES	Blake sets another plate in the drying rack .
va	PRES	And because , I ´ m guessing , we ´ re nearing our destination .
va	PRES	He pulls away , gives me a quick kiss , and then retrieves the football off the ground by my tire .
va	PAST	She flipped over , fingers grasping madly for something to hold onto .
va	PRES	" Hi , " she flirted .
va	PRES	Chapter Nine " Want a bite ? "
va	PAST	And it infuriated her .
va	PAST	Olivia whimpered in agony , knowing that Sebastian was bleeding from wounds she had helped to inflict .
va	PAST	She snatched her hand back , placing it on her hip .
va	PAST	Mr. Lonely patted Percival on the shoulder , a gentle friendly gesture considering how they were basically blackmailing him for his help .
va	PRES	The woman moans and grunts behind her gag .
va	PAST	She recovered quickly , Rich noted .
va	PRES	" This from the girl who tried to split my head open with a stick and break my eardrums with her horrendous screams . "
va	PAST	Jennifer suspected this Mr. Staunton served as a kind of wire service for the building .
va	PAST	My chest ached with each pitiful noise that came from her .
va	PRES	A few minutes early if you want to get your grubby hands on the breakfast treats . "
va	PAST	Simon tended to go with his gut on big decisions and that instinct had never let him down yet .
va	PAST	When he spun her around , she draped her arm over her breasts .
va	PRES	" Hey , sweetheart , " I greet her .
va	PRES	Scott rolls his eyes and finishes his coffee .
va	PRES	" Why the devil ?
va	PRES	she exclaims , beaming at us and holding out her hand .
va	PRES	The action startles Eddie and she jumps , spinning around to look at him .
va	PRES	Francesca waits for a reply but doesn 't get one .
va	PAST	Maya shuddered , agreeing silently with John 's statement .
va	PAST	I sulked my head once more .
va	PAST	I raked my mind for something else to say , but nothing smart came to me .
va	PRES	" It 's only meant to disorient us , " Mai shrugs , not at all shocked by the vast emptiness .
va	PAST	I inspected curiously at the three strangers , who did not look scary at all .
va	PAST	" Jake Salter cooked dinner for you ? "
va	PAST	" Oh , Deus , " Inez moaned .
va	PRES	Without a distinct thought or message to my body , my hand smashes it against the wall , sending shards of glass flying .
va	PAST	Maggie 's eyes fluttered and opened .
va	PAST	The mate bond warmed her , tried to soothe her hurts .
va	PRES	She always hid it and she thought , what she felt for him before didn 't really exist .
va	PRES	As if the world has suddenly slowed to a million frames a second , Commander Jameson spins around .
va	PRES	That terrified her , but he was officially the Morganville police 's problem , not hers .
va	PAST	With every step , tension hummed through her like the electricity passing through the high-voltage wires overhead .
va	PRES	Her tongue lapped at the chain burns high on his chest with her healing saliva .
va	PAST	" I 'm working on it , " Anthony assured her , though she didn 't look the least bit convinced .
va	PAST	My father 's eyebrows arched in surprise .
va	PAST	She noted the surprised look on his face when he saw her .
va	PRES	I jerk my leg away .
va	PRES	" And after that , wil you have a baby with me ? "
va	PAST	- Since when have you arrest those who was already raped ?
va	PAST	Romulus whined and nuzzled her cheek .
va	PAST	" But , Mom , " he whined .
va	PAST	" No ' repulsed by me ? "
va	PRES	" How could you , with that painted whore ordering you around all the time .
va	PAST	Hot pain surged in her chest and back as she struggled to stand .
va	PRES	Your mom tells me you 're quite the artist and I want to see for myself . "
va	PRES	" And I 'm starving , " Rachel adds .
va	PRES	" To greet my future in-laws . "
va	PRES	How could they possibly suspect -- Sir Richard was coming towards her , almost hurrying .
va	PAST	Her head rode his chest like a person who rode a tube on Lake Lanier .
va	PRES	' Well , I intend to make sure that this Christmas is the best ever . '
va	PRES	Grabbing up the phone , he orders more cookies and lemonade , and even asks for some champagne too .
va	PRES	" This is unexpected , " I remark .
va	PRES	The girl next to Dallas lowers her head .
va	PRES	He moves up a few more rungs and then I feel myself being hoisted up onto the platform by Connor .
va	PAST	Vain Glory arched an eyebrow .
va	PAST	" That dog 's like a canine extension of you , " she grumbled .
va	PAST	He flipped open his phone and called his mom , who didn 't pick up .
va	PRES	She rolls her eyes .
va	PRES	" I suspect you learned to fly helicopters while in the army ? "
va	PRES	Real nice , " he responds with a grin .
va	PRES	" How fare your calculations ? "
va	PAST	As we walk to school Erin says , " Russ , you interested in playing basketball ? "
va	PRES	Eli knocks on the door to my office a few minutes before we are set to open .
va	PAST	" Because you descended from colonists . "
va	PAST	His face melted and he smiled .
va	PAST	He graduated at the top of his class in three years and moved the family to Baltimore to do his surgical residency at Johns Hopkins .
va	PRES	Swords , bullets , none of that matters anymore .
va	PAST	She clapped her hands together and took a step back .
va	PRES	He sticks to the shadows of the rusted cars , following the dark shape through the whiteness , which grows thicker .
va	PRES	I guided him behind one of the cruisers - and out of the way of the paparazzi - before handing over the bucket .
va	PAST	But after what had happened at that village outside Kabul ... He shied from that painful memory .
va	PRES	You intend to save your sister from my evil clutches .
va	PRES	Fellow believers , if you will . "
va	PAST	' The knights want to help , but we can 't , ' Bastille complained .
va	PAST	I suppressed a giggle .
va	PAST	As I spoke I rounded a curve and found brightly colored yellow , lavender and blue buildings , green grass , and best of all , people .
va	PAST	Rand awkwardly patted her back , but said nothing .
va	PRES	He lunges forward and somehow manages to break free of the nurses ' grasp causing all three of them to fall to the ground .
va	PAST	Her neck arched as the man licked and sucked at her tender throat , his much taller body hunched over hers .
va	PAST	With little hesitation , she fired , jerking backward in surprise at the recoil that she felt through her wrist and arm .
va	PRES	Should I refer to you as simply Pissed ? "
va	PAST	With an expert touch , she tore open the wrapper and slid the rubber between her teeth and lips .
va	PRES	Connor shrugs , looking to me .
va	PAST	Even locked inside her broken body , Andrea never complained , still embracing life head-on .
va	PRES	she demands to know .
va	PAST	Neil cursed , eyed Miriam , and muttered an apology .
va	PAST	My husband then threatened Lawrence with being arrested for adultery .
va	PRES	Anything we should know about , Romeo ? "
va	PRES	" As I remember , you prefer them sweet , adorable , and naïve , true ? "
va	PRES	No one seeks to gain power over the rest ? "
va	PAST	But as soon as Percival reached for the weapon , green flames erupted from the grates beneath his feet .
va	PRES	' Hold on , dude .
va	PAST	We wrestled to the ground and I felt him getting the first blow in to my face .
va	PRES	Just the humming of a refrigerator and a blinding brightness .
va	PAST	Becky and Lois embraced for a long time .
va	PAST	I actually invited Bennett out to dinner with us tonight . "
va	PAST	The elevator dinged and the doors slid open .
va	PAST	Ashe raced out the door , Sali close behind .
va	PRES	* * * CHAPTER 48 " You sure Jael and Hit can pull this off ? "
va	PAST	He winked at Sara .
va	PRES	" Come with us , Rory .
va	PRES	Alex aims the sword at her .
va	PAST	She declined , although I wasn 't sure I expected her to accept .
va	PRES	A large fur collar hid his neck .
va	PAST	Cassie briefly contemplated it .
va	PAST	The big man blushed a bit around the ears .
va	PAST	Smoke billowed around the windows and I screamed , adding my voice to the shrieking behind me .
va	PRES	What about Stephanie ? "
va	PRES	The beast 's head moves up and down .
va	PAST	We 've got our orders , " she sang .
va	PRES	" Can you confirm that you have been utilizing your late husband 's insurance to fund surgeries for children who are uninsured ?
va	PAST	Nolan scowled at him .
va	PRES	She pulls her hair up off the back of her neck , fanning it with her hand .
va	PAST	I flipped through the book , finding the page I wanted easily .
va	PRES	Before I could even ful y register the swing , his fist connected with my face .
va	PAST	He yanked his shirt over his head and I was so grateful .
va	PAST	Over and over he sang the pattern .
va	PRES	I arch my back at the last second so he can sink even deeper inside , moaning at the pulsating sensation .
va	PAST	' There you are , Sally , ' I drawled .
va	PRES	He creates a solid Realm in his thoughts and pays a just penalty for the things he has done . "
va	PAST	Instead , he yanked his gaze away from her .
va	PRES	Hurt and gladness tangle together , until I don 't know what I feel or what I want .
va	PAST	Not of me , " he assured the two .
va	PAST	He snorted with derision .
va	PAST	" Nah , " Linden drawled .
va	PAST	Run another quarter mile ?
va	PRES	Side zip with a snake effect .
va	PRES	" First , I apologize for the phone call .
va	PRES	" Leave my study , Monica , " he mumbles , his voice shaky .
va	PRES	" Nineteen out of twenty , " Teel offered , " if you count the lesbians who want revenge against their partners . "
va	PRES	She 'd shared her emotions , her doubts and fears .
va	PAST	" Yep , I just counted all five . "
va	PRES	" I treat all words as though they 're equally credible .
va	PRES	As if hearing my harsh words , the Higher lifts its head , its eyes pale and tired .
va	PAST	" You wrote me a wonderful note telling me what an emotional cripple I was , packed your bags and ran off with your lover .
va	PRES	Reading fiction doesn 't bother me , mainly because there isn 't a true reality behind the words , just a perceived one the author creates .
va	PAST	Tourists and shoppers jammed the streets .
va	PRES	" Yes , but you botched it up and I 'm very angry .
va	PRES	With this scroll it proves the Bible is correct and God does know the future .
va	PRES	Did something awaken me ? "
va	PRES	He catches my wrist and kisses my open palm .
va	PAST	Before he could say another word , Sean popped him in the temple with a bullet .
va	PAST	They linked arms and waved madly at the crowd .
va	PRES	Glancing down at my hands , my mind explodes with the impossibility of this .
va	PRES	" What kind of good deeds ? "
va	PAST	She coughed at his face .
va	PAST	Her face was slightly flushed , her lips parted in a pretty smile of secret happiness .
va	PAST	Steam practically issued from her ears .
va	PAST	' Do tell , ' he drawled , knowing instantly what this call was about and resolving to sound uncaring .
va	PRES	" We ´ re still here , aren ´ t we ? "
va	PRES	" Figures , " Jack said , " No respect for the gay Jewish black dude . "
va	PRES	Until that sparkle in her eye comes back , that smile shines bright again .
va	PAST	" That 's impossible , " Iris interjected .
va	PAST	In the special instructions section , all he wrote was : 9 PM tonight .
va	PAST	Janie rode to work with Pete that morning .
va	PAST	Two feet stamped in frustration .
va	PAST	He just smirked and tied his hair .
va	PAST	His hands trembled as he buttoned her pants and shirt back into place .
va	PAST	She arched a brow .
va	PRES	Vanessa wakes me at ten .
va	PAST	I wandered around the store with not much direction and Roxie gave me a little space , making her way over to the new movie releases .
va	PRES	She grounds me and keeps me here .
va	PRES	My eyes flutter open and I 'm panting , pulse racing , sweating from the overheated blood coursing through my body .
va	PAST	He clapped his hands softly .
va	PRES	' What Day ? '
va	PAST	She dug in her pocket for her phone , dropped it on the ground .
va	PRES	We continuously monitor the entire area for ground deformations , like bulges or sudden rises in the surface area .
va	PRES	I suspect the rumors will surface here .
va	PRES	He bundled the baby up and rode into the valley , stopping at the first farm he came to .
va	PAST	I suspected earlier after talking to Hit , but I didn 't want to believe it .
va	PAST	He injected shock and horror into his voice to make her laugh .
va	PRES	Nice to ... meet you , " I responds as I extend my arm for a proper handshake .
va	PAST	" It sort of dived between her legs .
va	PRES	" JUST DO THIS ONE THING . "
va	PRES	' Thanks , Jim , I owe you one . '
va	PAST	Tentatively , I edged down the icy driveway .
va	PRES	" And that reminds me ... how did you get out here ?
va	PRES	' Then His Excellency regrets your decision and asks that you bear witness to a matter now in need of resolution .
va	PAST	But her heart melted at the word " alone . "
va	PRES	" Victoria , my name ´ s Victoria , " she responds .
va	PRES	He moves to the passenger 's seat and settled in .
va	PAST	My eyes fluttered closed , defeat already settling in the pit of my stomach .
va	PAST	Fear edged closer , neatly puncturing my bubble of confidence .
va	PAST	" Don 't you remember the last thing Maksim wrote ?
va	PRES	Besides , I owe him a favor or two , and Roger said the stash might have something in it older than my kids .
va	PAST	I borrowed Scotch tape from Diggs and began putting photos up on the walls : the barn before the fire , the barn after .
va	PRES	We thought we ´ d never see you again , " my dad tells me .
va	PRES	Or so he tells me . "
va	PRES	" So even if we wanted to accept a - " He broke off , his lips tightening .
va	PAST	Then Dale winked and gave him a big thumbs up .
va	PRES	" A night cap ? "
va	PRES	The wildness that lingered in me reared its head and urged me forward .
va	PAST	He wrote a whole chapter on this place in his book on ... oh , something to do with big masses of writing thinking for themselves .
va	PRES	" Expectation of the job versus the realities ? "
va	PRES	Rift creates an illuminated path leading out of the cave , blinking between the sporadically placed light sources in short bursts .
va	PRES	Bob pulls out his .357 magnum .
va	PAST	Perhaps the foggy dusk intensified it , but I was afraid .
va	PRES	Dolores thought , score one for Neil .
va	PAST	She yanked up that gun , and she fired at him .
va	PRES	He examines me for a while as I pretend not to notice .
va	PAST	Gray quoted from the diary by heart . "
va	PRES	Those eyes that made him feel inhuman .
va	PAST	The righteous indignation she was trying so desperately to corral evaporated completely when Kit felt one of his hands venturing in a southern direction .
va	PAST	Her gaze traveled over the rest of the license .
va	PAST	* Chapter 5 As she ducked yet again to avoid one of the hanging lamps , Beth cursed herself for her stupidity .
va	PRES	The blow-up bed moves as he sits on it .
va	PAST	She straightened her company polo shirt and took a quick look at her Motorola employee badge that hung around her neck .
va	PAST	My head throbbed and vague memories of a robed figure started coming back to me .
va	PRES	Right here , right now , I growl into her .
va	PRES	Marco asked , his voice incredulous .
va	PAST	And even though the ocean was still cool , I longed to experience it in every way I could , for the short time it was mine .
va	PRES	His long legs stretch as we cross the strip of lawn .
va	PAST	This time she got into the bed , wiggled her shoulders back against the pillows .
va	PAST	" Why don 't you call a detective or something , " Jackson scowled .
va	PAST	" You harness lightning where you come from ? "
va	PRES	My mouth nearly drops open .
va	PRES	He picks up a magazine from a coffee table just outside the closet and checks the cover .
va	PRES	Seems like it could be a lot worse . "
va	PAST	Elation flooded Elan 's face .
va	PRES	" Talk about a cliche all the way around , huh ?
va	PRES	Takes care of him a bit .
va	PRES	" Good wow ? "
va	PRES	It runs every Friday and Saturday night . "
va	PAST	" I survived before .
va	PRES	And I sure sympathize .
va	PAST	She grazed her teeth over her bottom lip .
va	PRES	Last time you used it , it was a false alarm , " Frank adds .
va	PAST	Desdemona surveyed the situation , nodded , and made motions indicating that Coral should land and join the troops .
va	PAST	Bright red blood smeared onto his wrist and trailed down to stain the perfectly white cuff of his shirt .
va	PAST	I wiggled my bare toes and looked down at my filthy , torn clothing , still reeking heavily of sulfur and sweat .
va	PRES	Blake pulls the car up next to a man bundled up in a thick , tan , Carhartt coat .
va	PRES	" None of that matters to me , baby .
va	PAST	Lina peaked out from beneath her hood to see Anton 's eyes .
va	PAST	His temple throbbed from the undeniable pleasure .
va	PAST	Teddy contemplated the neat stacks of quarters and piles of dollar bills .
va	PRES	' For Finn ? '
va	PRES	" Why , Irene Adler .
va	PRES	After that diatribe about smart people , he drops modern-day technology onto the ground outside of the office of one of the smartest men on earth .
va	PAST	Jeff winced with pain as he rubbed his back .
va	PAST	Then he yanked the gray cap from his head and tossed it beside his jacket .
va	PAST	As we stood there , kissing , another wave crashed against Dean 's back .
va	PRES	" Then kick her out of the movie .
va	PRES	I 'm putting it out of my mind , " I announce .
va	PRES	Lauren hid the jealousy that had begun raging inside .
va	PRES	Or , I suggest you lower the price .
va	PAST	He recommended I talk to Annie .
va	PAST	I processed everything that he had described .
va	PRES	" They left me , Myth .
va	PRES	Honour ignores him completely .
va	PRES	He views the chamber rooms .
va	PAST	proclaimed the man below .
va	PAST	He arched his back , biting at the empty air .
va	PRES	" The prophet ? "
va	PAST	Jumping to his feet , he paced to the counter .
va	PRES	Ed runs back to his office and looks on a clipboard next to the phone .
va	PAST	His eyes bulged and sweat beaded his forehead as he stared back at her .
va	PAST	Thoughts of betrayal flooded my mind and wrenched my heart as I gave way to chasing her fading figure deeper into the darkness .
va	PAST	Red skin peeked out of my shirt collar and trailed down my arms .
va	PRES	" Not for myself , Inspector .
va	PAST	The Prince merely disagreed with this boy on some minor detail and he stabbed him brutally ! "
va	PAST	When he saw me , he clamped his mouth shut .
va	PAST	Madame Claire and her assistants bustled off to bring more fabrics , while Ainsley undressed for her fitting .
va	PRES	His eyes shift to her .
va	PAST	The men winced and James nodded his commiseration .
va	PRES	" I ordered it " he adds , but she just rolls her eyes , and , slightly embarrassed , The General takes a drink of whisky .
va	PAST	Its head shredded away and the beast spun in a greenish bloom of its own blood .
va	PRES	He shrugs , bashful . '
va	PAST	I wrote to Storm asking her to give the jar back to me , but she didn 't even reply .
va	PAST	Zinnia bristled , but kept her mouth shut .
va	PAST	He developed the camera a few months after the funeral .
va	PRES	This is the very species that killed my parents , Serena reminds herself .
va	PRES	It matters not if he took an arrow to the back .
va	PAST	I scanned his dark eyes in the moonlight .
va	PRES	' WHERE WE ARE . '
va	PAST	She loops the jewelry around my neck , letting the charm fall against my skin .
va	PAST	He bared his teeth .
va	PRES	" In Minnesota ? "
va	PAST	Together , they traveled through town to meet with Lord Eldridge .
va	PAST	The flat land traveled impossibly toward the distant mountains .
va	PRES	She nudges me with her elbow .
va	PRES	But they rely on the prey 's movements , as well , to map out the general location of the victim .
va	PAST	He patted the bed beside him .
va	PRES	The thought of losing her closest friend terrified her .
va	PRES	" Seems to be in working order .
va	PAST	His hand grazed my cheek .
va	PRES	Henry shuts his eyes for a sec .
va	PAST	The growling engine whirred and pulsed before falling silent .
va	PRES	Erudite who switch to Dauntless tend to turn cruel and brutal .
va	PAST	Big fella 's head flinched , his eye winked , and he cracked his neck .
va	PAST	A single tear streaked down her cheek .
va	PRES	Robbie drops his eyes a moment , but then nods and looks back to me .
va	PRES	My jaw drops as I look from her to Grant .
va	PAST	Ember tumbled to the ground in disgust and dismay .
va	PAST	She suspected the room was used for - special - guests ; ones that needed a little extra watching .
va	PRES	" Pray you locate your friends first , senor , because they 'll both be dead if I find them before you . "
va	PRES	" I tend to always err a little too much on the side of morality .
va	PRES	His expression tells me whatever he 's up to he is very happy about it and his feelings are infectious .
va	PAST	A strangled laugh escaped Mira .
va	PRES	My jaw drops as my hand falls to my lap .
va	PAST	A strangled laugh escaped his lips at her candor .
va	PRES	You 're going to be a hit , " she promises and leans over to kiss my cheek .
va	PRES	" My latest invention .
va	PRES	As the whisky soaked in , it dulled the shock and enabled his brain to function more rationally .
va	PRES	We need to get as many people off this rock as possible , " he responds .
va	PRES	" Oh ... wow .
va	PRES	" Fetch the sword .
va	PRES	" Now , about the wedding cake ... " After a few seconds , Susan sighed audibly and handed the phone to Alix .
va	PAST	" I didn 't ask what your name was loser , " Ashley snickered , obviously pleased with herself for the set up .
va	PRES	And no doll trunk .
va	PRES	The sense that everything 's connected on some level I can 't grasp haunts me .
va	PAST	Madeline squared her shoulders .
va	PRES	Nor taken on three Guardians alone .
va	PRES	He reminds me of you , actually .
va	PAST	" A little before Juliet seduced Eric into cooperating . "
va	PRES	" I owe you , man . "
va	PRES	I tighten my one armed grip on him again .
va	PAST	As I overtook her , coming to a stop in front of her , she perched her hands on her hips .
va	PRES	" You murdering bastard . "
va	PRES	I cringe , the familiar horror lodged in my chest , surrounding my heart .
va	PAST	She peeked at the thermometer on the side of the house .
va	PRES	" Slow down , babe .
va	PRES	Now , each views the other as they would one of the many squirrels that inhabit the grounds .
va	PAST	" You can 't call her , Sir Richard , " Bronwen informed him .
va	PRES	Moser 's shoulders stiffen as he paces across the front of the classroom , glancing at me every few steps .
va	PAST	She twined her fingers in his hair and tugged his head back , trying to assert her dominance .
va	PAST	Blake moaned , or maybe she did as his lips left hers and started to trail over her jaw , her neck .
va	PAST	" It isn 't " Hector interjected , " that 's why we were so astounded when we saw the Deed of Trust .
va	PRES	They only al ow one spirit to come to you at a time , until you are able to cope . "
va	PAST	With one hand on the banister , she carefully descended the stairs , the vampires behind her mocking her powerlessness .
va	PRES	The knowledge You now possess marks You for prompt execution .
va	PAST	" So you survived your momentary brush with the lifestyles of the rich and infamous ? "
va	PAST	They staggered along , trying to swallow their laughs .
va	PRES	He soon discovers that sometimes , friendship spawns power more than any other the gods may have gifted .
va	PRES	What if Mom catches us ?
va	PAST	She avoided her brother 's eyes when he resumed his seat , knowing he wasn 't happy .
va	PRES	Admittedly , the routines of the Catholic Church bored me .
va	PAST	I flipped through the other cameras but everything looks completely normal .
va	PRES	He shoots back and I lift my eyebrows in acquiescence .
va	PRES	" Amen to that , " Marie responds automatically .
va	PAST	His mind whirled with the implications for what just happened .
va	PRES	He snatches his hand out , but she pulls the sweet out of his reach .
va	PAST	I maneuvered myself across the seat to follow my captive out of the vehicle once she opened the door .
va	PRES	" Of course , " I assure her .
va	PRES	" I reckon she needs a little more convincing . "
va	PRES	Once Simon was out of earshot , Liz grit her teeth and glared at Fin .
va	PRES	" Great game Friday , " Bates adds , knocking fists with me .
va	PRES	I owe that to you . "
va	PAST	Although the rooms , food and service were excellent , the size of the zeppelin limited the entertainment possibilities .
va	PAST	" You take care of yourself , " he cautioned .
va	PAST	Dinner 's ready , " Katie informed us , as we reached the floor of the cave at our camp .
va	PAST	Dark blood trickled from every opening .
va	PRES	The Witch Box Laura A. Ellison Smashwords Edition Copyright 2013 Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
va	PRES	" Oh , let me rephrase that for you Willow . "
va	PRES	He pulls me to him immediately , and I roll forward , putting my face against the light dusting of hair on this chest .
va	PRES	Once it 's open they waste no time in pushing me over the threshold .
va	PAST	Cricket ducked away first .
va	PAST	She poked her head in the cave .
va	PRES	' Then what an odd question to ask me , Inspector ! '
va	PAST	Ray scowled at her .
va	PRES	A shovel and pick axe .
va	PAST	He smirked at the desperation in my voice , my clenched teeth .
va	PRES	I suspect you four fall into that category . "
va	PRES	Nihil addresses his assistant : " Go and get today 's recordings . "
va	PRES	My forehead drops against my knees .
va	PAST	You hired me to do a job .
va	PRES	Even if something does go wrong , the computer shuts the whole thing down , not people .
va	PAST	A figure loomed at the entrance of the alley , silhouetted by the weak streetlight behind him .
va	PAST	She slung it over her shoulder , glaring at her mother .
va	PAST	I wrote up a mammoth report which included a reference and description of David 's video .
va	PAST	He noted the Kansas number plate .
va	PRES	A chair scrapes against the floor and I listen as feet begin pacing the room .
va	PAST	Nicole suspected most people who knew her would be a little freaked out by her decision .
va	PAST	He unrolled the tabloid rag and looked again at the damning photos splashed across the front page .
va	PAST	Her mom 's eyes fluttered open and Kylie refocused on the situation before her .
va	PRES	Someone screams at the top of their lungs .
va	PRES	Think you can get your dog to let go of my towel ? "
va	PRES	In other words , he discovers his bankruptcy .
va	PRES	' With you in a sec . '
va	PAST	His left ribs ached , and when he sharply gasped as he touched his head , his entire left side screamed at him in shock and pain .
va	PAST	His disappointment raced through me .
va	PAST	A refracting weave tied off by a simple knot sheathed the fork .
va	PAST	" Tell Mama everything , " she intoned .
va	PRES	Christ you have more money than I do . "
va	PAST	This time it definitely belonged to Flora .
va	PAST	" Incredible , " Dr. Z said , the scientist in him captivated .
va	PAST	Everyone huddled close together , inching into themselves to avoid the blood stains covering the ground .
va	PAST	Refusing to give up , I straightened my back and looked him straight in his demon-possessed eyes .
va	PAST	I cloaked my presence and willed the latch up and threw the gate open .
va	PRES	Her lips tug down as if she 's already surmised the answer for herself .
va	PRES	Then he moves back and pushes the aluminum walker toward me .
va	PRES	They hid in an alley behind some empty barrels .
va	PAST	Bachman scowled at Mitch .
va	PRES	" Not everything Bethany .
va	PRES	He lifts the towel , but blood trickles down over my lips again .
va	PAST	Becky flipped the cover of her book open .
va	PRES	He feathered kisses down her throat , his mouth traveling to the tip of her inviting breast .
va	PAST	And you betrayed them for Nephilim . "
va	PAST	She grimaced at her neighbors , expending all her restraint on not thumping the huge lout .
va	PRES	" As you know , I dated her a couple of times . "
va	PAST	He cursed softly , wondering how he had missed finding this place before .
va	PRES	Alex pats me softly on the back .
va	PRES	Gabriel moves toward us and freezes as he catches a glimpse of the computer screen .
va	PAST	The night beckoned to her with its velvety darkness , and she felt compelled to answer its gentle call .
va	PRES	" My animals ! "
va	PRES	I slump to the ground next to the grave and bury my head in my hands .
va	PAST	The ocean sparkled outside and the sun shined on a calm day .
va	PRES	He picks up the pistol and adjusts the setting to semi-automatic .
va	PAST	He clapped Zane on the back and turned to head for the tree line again to gather more firewood .
va	PAST	Mom surveyed the room .
va	PRES	One cute brunette pulls him onto the dance floor .
va	PAST	None of them developed a fondness for sunlight . "
va	PRES	Not that it really matters .
va	PAST	The Death of Rats scuttled up the path and through the door .
va	PAST	As the press stampeded to Barry , his cronies and clients sprinted away .
va	PRES	~ " It 's not working , " Megan 's voice echoes down the hall .
va	PAST	She still maintained that her parents were out of town , but Matthew wanted her to come over and meet his father .
va	PAST	An intelligent look occupied his eyes for the first time the two had been together that night .
va	PRES	Nothing but plastic bowls and spoons .
va	PRES	" Chocolate chip pancakes ? "
va	PAST	" The nurse will be here in about five minutes to take you back to the prep room , " Dr. Forbes informed Darren .
va	PRES	He responds with a groan .
va	PAST	Half expecting to see the stranger having another laugh at her expense , she whirled around .
va	PRES	" Gossips they may be , Hamish , but I 've heard things from them before I 've heard them from the High Mayor .
va	PAST	I concentrated on this image , as it finally transported me back to consciousness .
va	PAST	Fighting them away , Joshua sprinted for the clearing , praying to God they wouldn 't follow him outside the woods .
va	PAST	He controlled it with the inside of his left foot and cut in sharply toward Colton 's goalie box .
va	PAST	The bullet had just grazed his forearm .
va	PRES	It flickers on reluctantly , spluttering as if unwilling to show what the room contains .
va	PRES	" Rum and colas tend to be expensive . "
va	PRES	" After he 's painted the barn , Kyle .
va	PRES	His mouth instantly crashes into mine in an all-consuming kiss that weakens my knees and explodes my heart .
va	PRES	" I guess they 'll make room for those people , " he mumbles .
va	PAST	We converged on Paris , accepting his invitation for accommodations in a small hotel on the Left Bank . "
va	PAST	The blades whirled and swayed , flashing silver in the dark night .
va	PRES	My thoughts tend to drift these days . "
va	PRES	A woman no more than a few years older than me , wearing a bright pink dress dances on the countertop , holding a margarita glass .
va	PAST	" I am badly injured , " he whimpered .
va	PAST	Then the familiar mask of annoyance descended over her features .
va	PAST	Then she parted her lips , letting him drink deeply , until desire burned through him like a good shot of whiskey .
va	PRES	Two more bottles sail over the roof , landing in different spots among the nest , sending the walkers running in all directions , clueless and panicking .
va	PAST	She moaned , the sound harsh and full of fear .
va	PRES	Detective Callum ignores my unwelcoming response and takes a seat in front of me .
va	PRES	" Um , Devon , " she speaks his name so softly she knows he can 't possibly have heard it .
va	PRES	He believes in what he 's asking for . "
va	PAST	They never raped me .
va	PRES	The drums suck , and you 're a sucky teacher . "
va	PAST	They rode in silence all the way to Kelly 's driveway .
va	PAST	" Barely breathes , " smirking .
va	PAST	He grimaced inwardly as she set it down on the ground .
va	PRES	Just then a guard on the ground swings his rifle toward Pippa , locks her in his sights .
va	PRES	Good motor skills . "
va	PAST	Lil ducked and chuckled .
va	PRES	I 'm starting to feel my age a bit , I prefer to stay in some nights , watch a bit of TV .
va	PAST	Someone tacked tinsel on the ceiling and half-eaten boxes of candy and cookies were everywhere .
va	PAST	Lynn fired into the ceiling .
va	PRES	" A skill ? "
va	PAST	He conceded , " Good night , " and went to sleep .
va	PRES	" And then , when they 're grown , where do you compete ? "
va	PAST	My face scrunched in alarm .
va	PAST	But another part rebelled at the thought of making any concession .
va	PAST	Ethan racked a new shell , shot a slug through its teeth .
va	PRES	One hundred percent human . "
va	PAST	She smirked at me .
va	PRES	" Anything for you , babe .
va	PRES	I owe you everything , so don 't do this to yourself . "
va	PRES	All emotion drains from her face and leaves a hardness that frightens me .
va	PRES	" A mental-health professional . "
va	PAST	My friends persuaded me ... I was a fool to listen .
va	PAST	Even the blood part no longer repulsed her .
va	PAST	The book trembled in her arms .
va	PRES	" It will be okay , Luca , " she tells me calmly .
va	PAST	Pain seeped through his brain in dribbles at the thought of her .
va	PRES	I suspect that ninety-nine percent of it -- -- the table rapping , ghostly manifestations , voices from the great beyond -- -- is completely fraudulent .
va	PAST	Klaus sneered at me .
va	PRES	He tilted his head and stared into her eyes .
va	PRES	Frustrated , I mouthed the word , " Why ? "
va	PAST	Abbot arched a brow .
va	PRES	Basically , science understands pretty much what can be understood about matter in motion , at least locally in the corner of the universe where we live .
va	PRES	she repeats , looking a bit more flummoxed than is usual for store clerks on Rodeo Drive .
va	PAST	Without the distraction , my mind wandered .
va	PRES	Flip light switches on and off .
va	PRES	' Not fussy , huh ? '
va	PRES	Apparently I owe more for Tabby 's monthly tuition .
va	PAST	He launched himself at the mangy back instead , and hooked his fingers into its fur yanking it backwards and to the ground .
va	PRES	You owe me , she prodded , after the shitty way you treated me yesterday .
va	PRES	Without warning the woman jumps into the driver 's seat of Brielle 's car , and a man appears next to Drake .
va	PAST	Susan ached with the knowledge that they couldn 't stay like this .
va	PRES	I also suggest that you not bombard her with questions about what happened .
va	PAST	Ted squirmed in his sleep , lifting a hand to his brow as he obeyed .
va	PAST	His tears trickled into her collar .
va	PAST	Unable to say anything else , Prue linked her arm with her father 's , and then the music started playing .
va	PRES	His muscular arms tighten around my shoulder bringing me closer to his chest as he walks over uneven terrain .
va	PAST	Black robes billowed around the figure , hiding its limbs among its ever-changing layers of cloth .
va	PRES	Brielle slaps her mouth after she shrieks the words out .
va	PRES	You must realize , too many people depend on me to simply hand over everything and hope for the best . "
va	PAST	Rebecca wandered into the bathroom , leaned close to the mirror above the vanity and started applying mascara to her lashes .
va	PRES	Everyone drops for cover , and the gun finally spins to rest touching Nora 's toes .
va	PAST	Her damp hair grazed over his skin , making him shudder with pleasure .
va	PAST	And she relished having conditioner too .
va	PRES	My angel slaps me across the face hard and I blink .
va	PRES	It always ends in tears .
va	PAST	Carol informed him she was not .
va	PRES	" Calm down , Jean . "
va	PRES	I squeeze my eyes shut and consider I may have misjudged the situation .
va	PAST	She winked at me , and I reached over and grabbed her hand and squeezed it .
va	PAST	Several buttons popped off before he was able to throw it and his tie to the floor .
va	PAST	As she waited , icy cold seeped into her palm .
va	PRES	" The way His Lordship treats me ; he acts as if I were some scatterbrained child lacking all capacity to think for myself . "
va	PAST	The Warehouse Arts District occupied a relatively recent section of urban renewal near the river .
va	PAST	They unrolled large bundles and passed around drab cloaks to all the other members of the group .
va	PRES	" Just a small sip .
va	PRES	Uriah waits for us just outside the door .
va	PRES	She raises it up , then thrusts down .
va	PRES	" Really , you big jerk .
va	PAST	The dark tendrils latched onto him and brought him up into the air .
va	PAST	The dashboard lights sparked off the glint of humor in his green eyes .
va	PRES	" Or the lord who ordered this made promises his men thought he could keep .
va	PRES	A giggle slips through my lips and I 'm amazed how much better I feel just from talking to him .
va	PRES	" He regrets killing your brother , Eli .
va	PRES	The elusive Dorian boy , I presume .
va	PAST	I ducked out of the facility and down the road , where I grabbed a burger and coffee .
va	PRES	" While you prefer the distinctive Louisiana flavor ? "
va	PRES	" With regard to what , vicar ? "
va	PRES	Stricken with confusion , he drops to a single knee as his power flees from his body rapidly .
va	PAST	Then she borrowed his sunglasses , twisted her hair up under his cap and collected his cell phone .
va	PAST	Benji grimaced with every bump .
va	PAST	She tumbled to the ground , landing with a thud that knocked the breath from her and sent agony tearing through her body again .
va	PRES	Harlin growls his approval and pulls me closer .
va	PRES	Finally , I manage to say something .
va	PRES	Creepy , but neat .
va	PRES	He waits for my response , which I refuse to give .
va	PAST	She flipped the wallet closed and handed it to me .
va	PAST	Please don 't tear my soul apart , " she whimpered .
va	PAST	Power it couldn 't get with the solar panels hopelessly caked with dust .
va	PAST	I peeked around to see what it was .
va	PRES	I reckon you could get into serious trouble , stealing sheep .
va	PRES	Three comm systems , actually .
va	PRES	The sage wanders without knowing , looks without seeing , accomplishes without acting . "
va	PAST	He flipped the notebook closed .
va	PRES	In a feline motion , she drops back a few meters .
va	PRES	Private hospital , government hospital , it doesn , t matter .
va	PAST	Devon dug his arm in tighter , causing the man to sputter and choke , gasping for breath as he struggled against Devon 's hold .
va	PAST	" Take heart , brother , " I assured him .
va	PRES	Cooper pats me on the back , as does Jackson .
va	PAST	I darted a glance at him , but he only looked mildly inquiring .
va	PAST	Instead of dwelling on the terrifying possibilities that , no matter what Alice said , I did not intend to survive , I concentrated on lesser problems .
va	PAST	" Took me a while to find it .
va	PAST	I yanked open the office door .
va	PAST	The earth science teacher poked his head out his classroom door and raised his eyebrows .
va	PRES	The sound sends shivers of fear through me .
va	PRES	" Look - " Gage growls .
va	PAST	He crooked his head to the side .
va	PAST	Sally 's soft voice drifted from a formal dining area perched above the living room on an elevated podium .
va	PRES	It whips past the higher dunes and blows sand , in a whirlwind pattern off the edges and into the air .
va	PAST	Inside the circle he scratched a pentagram , using a rowan stick freshly cut by faerie hands .
va	PAST	The pressure of his hands increased and soon she was moaning against his mouth .
va	PRES	All of the people he had made promises to became invisible .
va	PRES	Go whither love leads you ; yet beware !
va	PRES	" If he ever responds .
va	PRES	" They tend to get problems once they pass two hundred . "
va	PAST	" Nice pyramid , " I commented .
va	PRES	The crumbling front stoop shelves an old mason jar full of cigarette butts and a small green ceramic frog .
va	PRES	Aidan yells , causing my ears to ring .
va	PRES	The machine moves forward when she stretches her limbs into a comfortable position inside the platform .
va	PAST	He wandered his days like a ghost .
va	PRES	" Run and I 'll shoot you in the back , " Elder Simms growls at me as if he 's reading my mind .
va	PRES	But Granny yells louder than Momma does . "
va	PAST	And reading about it nearly tore me to shreds .
va	PRES	I manage to get out in a hoarse whisper .
va	PAST	She darted forward , and then glared at him .
va	PAST	As the goddess of peace and harmony , I shied away from discord .
va	PAST	They rode for several minutes up to the old parking lot near the front gate .
va	PAST	Nicole sauntered down the hallway .
va	PRES	Everyone fashioned cloths around their mouths to avoid breathing in the thick haze of ash .
va	PRES	" I 'll call you Hateful , " Skyla yells over at her .
va	PRES	The Crystal Orb shines bright under the candlelight .
va	PRES	But that is beside the point because now , sir , you owe me . "
va	PRES	One of the reptiles swims very slowly toward the staircase .
va	PRES	Something that made those dogs attack people .
va	PRES	The raven scratched its beak .
va	PRES	Dolores tilted her head up .
va	PAST	He winked at me .
va	PAST	The excitement on the young girl 's face distracted both sisters from their discussion .
va	PRES	Where they adjust the machines and test them out before they float them to the outside . "
va	PRES	Then , I suggest we 'd better get out of here .
va	PAST	I whirled towards my bag .
va	PAST	And her heart constricted as she listened to Janine 's soft cries as the blood stains on the material became apparent .
va	PRES	" Because she was so terrified .
va	PRES	Henry screams , and all of us step back .
va	PRES	Orson pulls a length of wire from his pocket .
va	PRES	Logan runs his hands over the doors and walls as he moves past them .
va	PRES	Gabe shuts the door behind himself .
va	PRES	' Miss Wallis . '
va	PAST	I poked my head into the bus where Hal was sitting in the driver 's seat reading a book with his glasses on .
va	PAST	They drifted down slowly after the sun had set , pulling the net in as they went and coming to ground by a little oasis .
va	PAST	Amanda straightened her shoulders .
va	PRES	" The selection . "
va	PAST	While many of Melanie 's friends had turned to teaching voice or dance for their income , Melanie had always shunned the idea .
va	PAST	" A book robber , " she snorted , dialing her brother 's number .
va	PRES	His wife runs to him to pull him near his son .
va	PRES	I wipes me nose and me eyes on me sleeve and curls up into a tighter ball .
va	PRES	I cringe like I 've tasted something sour .
va	PAST	Nicole clawed through the bag , spilling money onto the floor in her haste .
va	PRES	" I seek the Path so that my eyes may be opened to the Light . "
va	PRES	It reminds us of how ephemeral these coats of flesh really are , especially when there 's someone your own age involved .
va	PRES	While I wait I browse the amenities app on my tablet trying to get an idea of what we should do .
va	PRES	He watched as she swallowed , her lips then parting as her breaths began coming out in shallow pants .
va	PAST	I shooed him over to the table and began to make him a plate .
va	PRES	" It hardly matters now , knowing who 's been talking .
va	PRES	" Not to stop you two , " proposed Scarborough , " But how about you play us another song on that fiddle of yours ? "
va	PRES	I inquire as he enters my room .
va	PAST	Gaps bloomed dark and vile amid her otherwise perfect teeth .
va	PAST	Then , she straightened her delicate shoulders and stepped away from the counter .
va	PAST	Rhiannon nudged Ashley with her elbow .
va	PRES	Proof of one werewolf out on other than a full moon was not enough caution to postpone or change the custom .
va	PRES	" You are very correct , son , " my Daddy pats his hair .
va	PAST	It warmed him in ways he was only beginning to understand .
va	PAST	Dirt caked his face , and fine lines crinkled at the corners of his eyes as he squinted into the sun .
va	PAST	She flushed prettily and bobbed a quick curtsy before retreating , leaving the two men alone .
va	PRES	Kiran and Talbott , I suggest you clean yourselves up and enjoy what is left of the night .
va	PAST	I escaped when she was not looking .
va	PRES	You shift into log phase growth where they 're doubling every two or three minutes .
va	PRES	It fools him , the apparent lassitude of his quarry .
va	PRES	" Yeah , " I manage to say .
va	PRES	George demands at least two per day , more if he can talk Ben into it . "
va	PAST	Fear raced through my body .
va	PAST	Each second that ticked by , my body longed for release .
va	PAST	It mended itself . "
va	PAST	Chris 's white teeth sparkled as he smiled down at her .
va	PAST	Mae squirmed , but her back was against the wall , and Julia held her head .
va	PAST	I printed out reports for all of them , stuffed them into metered school envelopes , and then put then in the mailbox . "
va	PAST	After I got back to my office , I texted Vincent about the news .
va	PRES	Laughing at the look of horror on Derrick 's face , he commanded , " Vena , DINNER TIME ! "
va	PAST	Her tongue parted my lips , and I deepened the kiss , my hands roaming down her back to her ass .
va	PAST	With a sigh , I ducked my head underwater and kicked across the pool to the other side .
va	PRES	My voice hardened with authority .
va	PRES	One shoots him a glare and he returns it with equal animosity .
va	PRES	He lifts his gas can and dumps the remaining contents all over the front door .
va	PRES	" Did you rape me ? "
va	PAST	She moaned as she heard his steps behind her .
va	PRES	" My family is complex , Evangeline .
va	PAST	I scoot to the edge of the bed where he 's standing and I sit up on my knees , grasping his shirt .
va	PAST	Not someone who was weak and needed rescuing .
va	PRES	" If Mary left that doll for Beth , that kind of blows our whole teacher theory out of the water . "
va	PAST	A bit distracted , yeah , right .
va	PAST	Light streaked the sky in colors whose names I 'd only recently learned .
va	PAST	He swatted at the barrels of the two guns , tipping them toward the ceiling just as the girl pulled the triggers .
va	PRES	The last line stabs Geist somewhere deep beyond his flesh , his expression twitching in a momentary submission to anger .
va	PAST	I shouldered open the door to my hotel room at the same time that she said , " Me . "
va	PAST	My distracting thoughts melted away after about forty steps , when my breath started to hitch .
va	PRES	I maintain a poker face , though I am thrilled to hear this .
va	PRES	I raise an eyebrow .
va	PRES	" Ray ... " " Shut your face !
va	PRES	" I owe it to her to at least show up for an hour .
va	PRES	" What jet ? "
va	PRES	Violent shivers prevent me from relaxing .
va	PAST	Sabrina flexed a finger , testing it , and clamped her jaw tight to stop herself from crying out from the pain .
va	PAST	There 's a gazebo in the center of the park also , its stanchions twined by wisteria that is moments away from blooming .
va	PAST	Then she performed the same wavering motion while reciting a similar incantation .
va	PRES	I owe you nothing ! "
va	PRES	He drags me to a door , opens it and pushes me in .
va	PAST	Wanting to get away from the crowd , she escaped outside and went to sit on the office porch ... to wait .
va	PRES	Emily tilted her head and smiled at Kelsey .
va	PRES	She hid her face behind her glass as she took another sip of her wine .
va	PAST	That her power eclipsed his didn 't matter .
va	PAST	Her eyelids fluttered open wide .
va	PAST	His fingers dug into her flesh beneath the layers of fabric she wore , and pain shot down her arm .
va	PAST	He altered his course , but by the time he did that the flash would appear in the original spot .
va	PAST	The vivid memory of it receded almost immediately but she knew quite clearly what it had been about : Bronwen .
va	PAST	" Lucky me , " I drawled .
va	PAST	Of the original crew , only Flattery and Dwarf MacIntosh still survived .
va	PAST	She raced toward him , a sword in one hand , a dagger in the other .
va	PAST	They exited the ship just as they entered , only this time severely dazed and weakened .
va	PRES	" Many fail to notice . "
va	PAST	Avery cackled at the wheel , realizing his illusion was working perfectly .
va	PAST	I rounded the last seat back to face Doug .
va	PRES	The other side , the rational one tells him to calm the hell down and not get stupid in here .
va	PAST	An anguished moan escaped from the drunken man as he threw his phone against the wall , watching it shatter into dozens of pieces .
va	PRES	She gestures for them to be seated .
va	PAST	Mikhail casually tore at his wrist with his teeth and extended his arm .
va	PRES	Vel studies me for a moment .
va	PAST	As the day wore on , her resolve dwindled .
va	PRES	" But you are an agent of the Low King , aren " t you ?
va	PAST	She patted my knee .
va	PAST	Tessa 's stomach lurched .
va	PAST	She seldom granted herself permission to look back on those times .
va	PRES	" The gun cleaner .
va	PRES	She pulls back to give me a curious look .
va	PAST	" The instant , " Holiday assured her .
va	PAST	Sam flipped the lights on and sank down on the stylish white futon .
va	PAST	Chapter 8 Zoe raced through the last of her meetings , feeling as if she were on cloud nine .
va	PRES	" Yes , yes , " mumbles Madame Antoinette .
va	PAST	At times , Rand longed for Tarn 's voice , his wisdom .
va	PAST	The ocean lapped against the Elemental with an easy , soothing rhythm , as if nothing at all had happened .
va	PRES	He drops my hand and puts his own in his pockets .
va	PRES	She acts as if - ! "
va	PAST	I blushed as I noticed the stares of those all around us , and my heart stilled at the tenderness in his voice .
va	PAST	The moment lasted until it was finished , and only then was time allowed to resume its course .
va	PRES	" Which just proves my point that you 're still not getting out enough , Sis . "
va	PRES	A startled squeak escapes my mouth and I stare , dumbfounded , at what 's in front of my eyes .
va	PAST	Had he behaved himself ?
va	PRES	Wes cocks his head sideways at me , but I only shrug .
va	PRES	She shoots a sideways glance at me .
va	PAST	The desire to suck him deep and hard surged .
va	PRES	drafted her and convinced Noelle to join our team .
va	PRES	One by one , the voices disappear , until there are none left .
va	PAST	We traveled back through the night and ended up back at the base just after dawn .
va	PAST	And the agent from the air force 's OSI who 'd questioned her was at work with some handheld device , scrolling and typing .
va	PAST	Closing her gold eyes , she drifted on dreams .
va	PAST	Sara sprinted to her father .
va	PAST	Her heart raced within her chest and her nerves urged her to flee , but she was determined to see it through .
va	PAST	So he dug deep , clenched his jaws together , and let the moment pass .
va	PRES	- But listen , Grant . "
va	PRES	" The Black Hollow Murder House . "
va	PRES	She meets my gaze head-on , her back very straight , her mouth very tight .
va	PRES	Sheppard waits for the murmurs to die down before continuing .
va	PAST	Sandra flexed her hands .
va	PAST	Selena loomed over me .
va	PAST	I 'd vowed to stay away from Torin and his talk of magic .
va	PAST	Alex flexed his jaw .
va	PAST	She suddenly longed to be a carefree bird that could simply fly away .
va	PAST	The strands sparkled in the light .
va	PAST	He switched to the camera app on his smartphone .
va	PRES	It adds fruit . "
va	PRES	" I prefer Florida at this time of year anyway .
va	PAST	A man cursed , looking for an end to his torment .
va	PRES	Standing up in front of all those people , even though there 'd be far fewer than the number originally invited , terrified her .
va	PRES	" You baked homemade brownies ? "
va	PAST	When the horn finally sounded , the crowd surged to its feet , roaring its approval .
va	PRES	' The things you say to me don 't help either , Bastille .
va	PAST	The scents of pine and sea drifted over her .
va	PRES	" Love , " Elizabeth spat .
va	PAST	He dried it very , very carefully , and when he was happy with his handicraft he passed the pendant to Jen .
va	PRES	Fiona rolls her eyes and tries to push past me , but I stand firm in the middle of the dark road .
va	PRES	I blush at my apparent lack of social skills .
va	PAST	She switched off the ignition , then sat there , staring at the mountain .
va	PRES	" I seek it , Kalen , because it is there .
va	PAST	I hired an attorney in Cancun and he filed the papers .
va	PAST	" Jared , I - " His hands clamped down on mine .
va	PAST	" I tumbled my first girl that night . "
va	PAST	The gilded edges glimmered in the moonlight .
va	PRES	Her expression hardened to one of determination .
va	PRES	He pulls his gaze from the road and glances at me .
va	PAST	The spies trickled in , timid at first at the large empty space and the cold cement floor .
va	PRES	Alec leads me up two levels to what I assume is the master bedroom .
va	PAST	They celebrated that night with chilled apple juice .
va	PRES	The blood red blooms swayed just slightly as the arrows passed through them .
va	PAST	He ducked down to shovel the dropped rope back into his arms .
va	PRES	Danica smacks him over the head and points at him .
va	PAST	The caution linked to something real , very real .
va	PRES	" Thank you , " he tells her .
va	PAST	Mikhail paced himself behind her .
va	PAST	This man challenged me in a way I 'd never been challenged .
va	PAST	They parted company , arranging to meet in Rome later in the day .
va	PRES	I shatter into a million pieces , moaning his name as my legs tighten around him .
va	PAST	Behind them , the evenly spaced bars of a cage peeked out from under a canvas .
va	PRES	Suddenly his lips crooked .
va	PAST	He snatched the fallen weapon , and set it to stun .
va	PRES	He slowly edges into the apartment .
va	PAST	Locke grumbled under his breath and strode away .
va	PRES	Mom mumbles too quiet for me to hear .
va	PRES	" And the Winter prince ? "
va	PRES	Original grand total , back in the day , twenty-one million dollars .
va	PRES	Chapter 12 Jill During a break in rehearsal the next day , Shelby pulls me into the group dressing room that all the chorus gals share .
va	PRES	My mother 's face shielded and silent , my father 's eyes will not meet mine , he moves one wooden step closer to his wife .
va	PRES	" What a waste .
va	PAST	When she saw us , she immediately straightened up and spoke into an earpiece .
va	PAST	Lydia prompted her sister .
va	PRES	A smattering of low-hanging clouds explodes with iridescent beauty .
va	PRES	A bit of a smile still lingers on his perfect lips .
va	PAST	" I thought you would like it , " Lowe commented .
va	PRES	When his call finally ends , he drops his hand and gives me a long , grave look .
va	PRES	Our legs tangle , our chests collide , and the tip of his tongue runs along my lips until I open my mouth and let him in .
va	PRES	I suggest that we go and see them all together tomorrow . "
va	PAST	They never suspected the first three were killed , or at least they never mentioned it to us .
va	PAST	Joe arched an eyebrow , watching me as I closed the door in his face .
va	PRES	" In the future , could you not go on anymore ' dates ' . "
va	PAST	His mind veered toward the tattoo on his neck -- " Dude , how long 's it take to drop a load ? "
va	PAST	Lila admonished , shaking her finger at her husband .
va	PAST	" If only , " Brian interjected , coming up behind her and pressing a quick hard kiss to her temple .
va	PAST	Don 't push him , " Edward cautioned in my ear .
va	PAST	Davion clapped her lightly on the back and walked away from the car , casually walking into the centre of the road .
va	PAST	He darted a look at her face but it was serene , innocent .
va	PRES	When we step out onto the stage , I raise my voice .
va	PAST	He arched a brow .
va	PRES	She sets the steaming cups in front of us .
va	PAST	His pulse quickened with hope and expectation .
va	PAST	------- Adele snuggled closer to Charger 's neck .
va	PRES	The guy hands Candy over to Zack who has to stagger back a few steps as he adjusts to the added weight of his sister .
va	PAST	He snatched a bottle up with eager hands , looking at the label .
va	PRES	Those aren 't slips .
va	PAST	He ducked , already crouching forward .
va	PAST	They all descended from the carriage and followed Liam along the decrepit and rotting dock .
va	PAST	The wagon trundled on , all the way to the water , where sailors worked the river .
va	PRES	" Did anything strike you as odd about those two at the induction ? "
va	PRES	Chapter Four Dear Diary , I suck at this .
va	PRES	She hops to her feet when we come into the room .
va	PRES	" Your conversion ? "
va	PRES	The nurse tilted her head and said , " More than a few .
va	PRES	In the fast approaching hour of his awakening , however , we require for you to follow our exact instruction . "
va	PAST	" What curse ? "
va	PAST	Wallis blushed with shame .
va	PAST	A wave of impatience crashed through me , and I wasn 't sure how I would react when I saw the bastard .
va	PAST	The cold from the ground seeped into my body .
va	PRES	" It will be okay , " Dante tells me as he reaches over and tucks my hair behind my ear .
va	PAST	My helmet scans registered a sound like that of thunder outside the ship and the air pressure and gravity pressure readings became scrambled .
va	PRES	When the last song is over Mason jumps off the stage and disappears into the back with the other guys .
va	PAST	I winced a little at that .
va	PAST	He winked at her and was gone .
va	PRES	But I suspect breaking Johnny out of Obscura is going to need teh advanced skillz .
va	PRES	The market sets up in the church plaza by the municipal building and the church itself .
va	PRES	Ian quickly marks her spot in the water and dashes toward the stern of the ship as he yells , " LUCAS , TAKE CHARGE .
va	PAST	Other imposing pieces loomed in the shadow , what seemed an immense armoire , and a number of old chests .
va	PRES	McCall and Karen looked at each other , their shoulders slumping simultaneously .
va	PAST	Needing to get out of this mindset , Bill logged on to The Cause 's website to see if there was additional information .
va	PRES	She gestures back at the apartment .
va	PAST	His wolf hummed his approval as the mating hormone flooded his veins .
va	PRES	" Hi momma ... " I couldn 't even get a word in .
va	PAST	" Working at thy wife , Martha 's family seed store , " he commented .
va	PAST	He showered , shaved , and asked to make a call .
va	PRES	You radiate this ' do not approach or else ' vibe .
va	PAST	Gill clapped him on the back .
va	PAST	My legs ache , but in the most wonderful way .
va	PAST	she questioned out loud .
va	PRES	She runs the pad of her thumb over the sharp point .
va	PRES	" Maybe we should go see him , " I suggest .
va	PRES	But I intend for you to live at any cost . "
va	PAST	The entire town celebrated along with Jack and life continued .
va	PRES	I jerk the screwdriver , holding the dark room door open , seeing through my red eyeballs the dull pointy steel .
va	PAST	he implored , not moving .
va	PRES	The shock , even more than the pain , wakes me up , kicks my body into motion .
va	PRES	" Two thousand years of combat tend to take a toll on the body . "
va	PAST	Alec dug into his pocket and gave me his sleek silver iPhone , typing in the password before he gave it to me .
va	PAST	" The kind that tortures and murders Immortals for the sake of an unexplained research project , " Kiran spat , completely disgusted .
va	PRES	" One hundred percent . "
va	PRES	It usually runs in family lines . "
va	PRES	" Father never , me rarely ; I would be frightened to wear it regularly , knowing it is probably valued at five thousand pounds .
va	PAST	I complained greatly , however , when he informed me that he would be infecting himself with the disease as a test subject .
va	PRES	" We enter a new life as will these survivors of the past within the chamber .
va	PAST	He commented on the weather , children and oranges .
va	PAST	Droplets of sweat instantly trickled down my face as I entered the muggy room behind the glass divider .
va	PRES	I reckon she was a professional wrestler before she got hold of her nurse 's uniform .
va	PAST	He smirked but didn 't seem offended by my accusing tone .
va	PRES	I sometimes prefer to drive myself , so Lloyd has time on his hands .
va	PAST	* * * Inside her room , Nora cursed herself a thousand times over .
va	PAST	" He started it , " Jason complained .
va	PAST	Howie inspected the tree closely , it was more than just peeling today , it looked charred .
va	PRES	" Create a. . .
va	PRES	" I prefer her friend , personally .
va	PAST	She tilted the candle over the wax paper package and dripped hot wax along its edge .
va	PAST	I cursed and sped up .
va	PAST	We only borrowed them and decided to go for a walk .
va	PRES	" I prefer to stand , thank you . "
va	PRES	He pulls me up and turns me so he can see the scrape .
va	PRES	His lips span to a naughty grin .
va	PAST	And Derek 's heart swelled .
va	PRES	And the bastard ex ?
va	PRES	He understands the importance of his work . "
va	PRES	She slips her arm through mine , hugging herself close to me as we walk .
va	PAST	Heavy clouds , pregnant with snow , obscured the waxing moon .
va	PAST	She scrambled out of reach , spun around , and dropped to her knees .
va	PAST	The Harrison Pump Station pumped surplus water from the canal back into the Mississippi .
va	PRES	At the top of her lungs she yells , " Kamil !
va	PAST	All the eyes that were locked on the boy switched towards Ayden in amazement .
va	PAST	" Nobody but one god knows what time it is we have , " Dee quoted .
va	PRES	" I might as well be , " she spits , then smiles painfully .
va	PRES	Everyone paints themselves white , and the women will cut themselves and bleed out of respect and sorrow for the family .
va	PRES	He bends his head closer .
va	PAST	Water sprays , coating the walls and blurring the light .
va	PAST	Teddy snorted in contempt .
va	PRES	" And that includes the ones on my car . "
va	PAST	" Yes , I do , " I conceded .
va	PAST	They dug out a couple of pieces of shrapnel .
va	PRES	He sets a tiny box on the table .
va	PAST	He sold me on the consulting and research businesses , but Alfred , in particular , is knee deep in illegal practices in the research division .
va	PRES	Rage pours through me .
va	PRES	I tend to see my God in the people and things around me , and that 's where I place my trust and faith .
va	PAST	And Paulo switched off the camping lamp .
va	PRES	After weeks of sinking all these information in my head I finally collapse .
va	PAST	More depressed than ever , Troy paced the kitchen , gulping down spoonfuls of chili as he considered his options .
va	PAST	Then , when he had neared her , he darted it at her .
va	PRES	She hid away in her room .
va	PRES	" He ´ s a madman , " Uriel adds .
va	PAST	Asher 's heart raced and hammered against his ribs .
va	PAST	Fila appreciated that she 'd come to help .
va	PAST	I splashed cold water on my face , and carefully took the butterfly bandages off the cut on my temple .
va	PRES	He pulls away , frowning then wipes her tears .
va	PRES	I sag under him as he gets ready to push into me .
va	PRES	Nicole 's quiet inquiry pulls me from my thoughts .
va	PAST	Lines of agony still creased the man 's face .
va	PRES	" But what matters is what he left behind .
va	PAST	The fur slowly melted from the beast 's body .
va	PRES	" I 'd ... rather ... " Sage said , suddenly looking nervous and like he 'd rather continue walking out the door .
va	PAST	What she saw there staggered her .
va	PRES	He drags himself up and looks behind to see that his body has been cut in half .
va	PAST	Rage bubbled up inside of her , fiercer and sharper than anything she 'd felt before .
va	PRES	And the very fact you believe it does proves just how far gone you are , General ! '
va	PRES	I defy you to eat some of everything ! '
va	PAST	For a long moment I wracked my brains , but I couldn 't remember if I 'd locked my room when I left .
va	PAST	A rush of heat warmed her cheeks when the priest pronounced them man and wife .
va	PRES	It explodes in flames , and Jesse and Dan are blown away from the thing , landing several feet away on the hard pavement .
va	PRES	His mouth trails off to my right shoulder and he begins to sweep across my scar line with tiny kisses , sending shivers everywhere .
va	PAST	" Or we can take it to the field , " Michael challenged .
va	PRES	" The blonde , " he clarified .
va	PRES	Duke drops my hand and extends his toward my dad .
va	PRES	A pit forms in my stomach , but I can 't tell if it 's from excitement or nerves .
va	PRES	" It slopes upwards .
va	PAST	She counted cards at casinos and had been shot with a gun before .
va	PAST	While the others argued about their next move , he never participated except to reiterate his agreement with Falconer .
va	PAST	" I , I think right now is about long enough to wait , " Sam stammered .
va	PAST	She launched off his back as he fell and lashed out at a woman at head height .
va	PRES	" Or the bats .
va	PAST	He cupped my face and gently stroked my cheek .
va	PAST	She sang the lyrics to it while she tended to the food .
va	PRES	Glancing around , Jake shrugs .
va	PAST	The old man coughed at the price that Clyde mentioned for today 's services .
va	PRES	No one speaks for a few seconds .
va	PRES	" He tells me . "
va	PRES	I suck in deep full breaths .
va	PAST	But just then a single and dazzling white streak of lightning erupted from the clouds above , heading straight towards the ground .
va	PRES	Tears barrel from her eyes .
va	PRES	" Are Romeo and Juliet still around in this future ? "
va	PAST	She flinched at his crudity and his assessment .
va	PRES	Unable to face anyone , I duck into one of the stacks .
va	PRES	Dak hid his smile .
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " he repeats again , too low for Raven and Tack to hear .
va	PAST	As he struggled up the shrill hiss of escaping air whined in his ears .
va	PRES	And then he moves again , all the way up to my heated center .
va	PAST	She snuggled against his shoulder .
va	PAST	Sliding to the floor , he cupped her tits , feeling the rounded tips fill his palms .
va	PAST	I also noted that a few of them actually looked relieved .
va	PAST	Lara 's stomach knotted .
va	PRES	Magic spins around this planet like the clouds , opening in greater pockets without our making .
va	PAST	More horrifying than any nightmare , Scott loomed over me , blood running from his nose spattering onto my chest .
va	PAST	He poked it again , using the pitchfork to open what appeared to be nothing more than a wad of cloaks and blankets .
va	PAST	Into the depth of the snow that had been drifted there , by the nonstop wind at that point .
va	PRES	Same with the animalistic growls he made .
va	PAST	His eyes were narrowed , his lips thinned , his teeth bared .
va	PRES	His eyes quickly dart to Andrew .
va	PRES	Lot of the craftspeople and artists here depend on the cash I bring back from those fairs .
va	PAST	I stroke her cheekbone with my fingers .
va	PRES	" A blood soul never forgets a promise once he gives out his words . "
va	PRES	That last comment breaks Mason out of his stupor , bringing on a grin .
va	PRES	The chicken wire structure underneath it smashes flat .
va	PAST	" You 've got me , " I assured him with a smile .
va	PRES	Her undying gratitude that he 'd stepped up as a man ?
va	PAST	He drifted over to her , crossing his arms when the urge to wrap them around her felt too strong to deny .
va	PRES	" And what of the errors of his ways ? "
va	PRES	Ben had taken to calling her " Wonder Woman , " the Amazonian princess .
va	PAST	My fingers grazed over the diamonds that ran across the top .
va	PRES	I owe your sister .
va	PAST	She appreciated his anger on her behalf , but she just wanted to get through the telling .
va	PAST	Drake and Drew , sitting beside me , snickered and pretended to look the other way .
va	PAST	She presented him with a gorgeous cinnamon apple muffin on a tin plate .
va	PRES	" What if she runs away again ? "
va	PRES	" Just proves how wrong you can be .
va	PRES	Jon scratched his chin .
va	PAST	A sassy smile slanted her lips .
va	PRES	" Nothing but static . "
va	PRES	Using encrypted e-mails , we manage to arrange a time and place .
va	PRES	" I put salt in it , " Finn tells me , as if this eliminates the need to be grateful .
va	PRES	She runs up onto the stage and right into my arms .
va	PRES	I plucked a blade of dry grass and broke it slowly into fractions , doing the math in my head .
va	PAST	The big warrior increased his pace to a jog .
va	PRES	Either way , you react . "
va	PAST	He scratched at the stubble on his chin with his right hand then tapped at his earpiece .
va	PRES	I kick the glass wall with my foot , hoping it 'll give in and let me cross into the outside world .
va	PRES	" Is Benjamin your real name ? "
va	PAST	Having my eyes poked out .
va	PRES	Heat flares within me and I dry quickly .
va	PRES	" I don 't know , " he replied , unless ... " " Unless ? "
va	PAST	Cassie 's heart ached for her , and the losses that she had experienced , but she couldn 't back down .
va	PAST	Missy ducked down and dropped the fern , but Kevin stayed steady .
va	PAST	A heartbeat later , the man fired the gun .
va	PRES	" I require four American passports , two for a man , that is me , only two different names .
va	PAST	She winked and then pulled a joint out of her slim black purse , " You want ? "
va	PAST	My forehead and stomach flushed with heat while my hands and shoulders turned to ice .
va	PRES	I kick and punch while screaming a battle cry of my own .
va	PAST	He rode next to her in the ambulance whispering reassurances and holding her hand .
va	PAST	A frown creased his forehead .
va	PAST	In French , he discussed a proposed business deal that was legitimate , if checked upon .
va	PAST	She trembled so violently she could barely catch her breath .
va	PRES	I smoothed it out .
va	PAST	The Bad Samaritan paced the room a bit , examining my attempt at modern decoration in an 80-year-old space .
va	PAST	Lexi flushed and took a drink of her wine .
va	PAST	She puffed out her cheeks and crossed her eyes .
va	PRES	His eyes glitter as they focus in on mine with great ferocity .
va	PAST	Ice winced as his wounds protested against the movement , but his ankle seemed capable of full motion .
va	PAST	She resisted the desire to kick him in the shins , struggling for serenity instead .
va	PRES	He lowers his lips to mine and kisses me while he removes my bra and underwear .
va	PAST	She immediately staggered back against a lectern , shrieked an obscenity , and sunk to the floor .
va	PRES	" It depends on what you think this is , " she mocked .
va	PRES	All around the doorframe the wall had been papered with notes , cards , photographs , banners .
va	PAST	Glen popped down the following evening : again no tenant .
va	PAST	" Some were a little out of line , " a sullen voice grumbled .
va	PRES	His gaze locks on my cheek , where a bit of red still remains .
va	PAST	More silence as they contemplated the creeks and the pressure .
va	PRES	Glenn spit at the ground and showed his toothless grin .
va	PAST	Alaric straightened his stance and pushed back his anguish .
va	PRES	Just a few hours each day , until we earn enough . "
va	PAST	Adrian straightened up , looking surprised .
va	PRES	" A possibility of Dacian involvement . "
va	PAST	A surfer effortlessly rode one in , and a bunch more of them bobbed out in the water .
va	PRES	Now I -- Through his pinched lips a sigh slips out .
va	PRES	• • • • • • • • • • " I discovered your name from your passport .
va	PAST	Shaking her head in wonder , she retraced her steps to the cottage .
va	PRES	She hid it well , beneath shapeless , layered tops and baggy jeans , but her cheeks were hollow and her wrists were knobby .
va	PRES	Dad tosses the bal to me .
va	PAST	She staggered to the right , running into a table , then to the left , hitting a wall .
va	PAST	That file contained all of his notes and results . "
va	PAST	" I figured you would be running off with that man , " commented Garrett .
va	PAST	Every part of the figure that could move thrashed frantically .
va	PRES	" Oh , wait , maybe it was the actual words you used that gave me that idea , " he adds .
va	PAST	She longed for someone to talk to , a girlfriend she could confide in .
va	PRES	" He cares for you so much , Lexie . "
va	PAST	The look on Marshall 's face during these haunting dreams captivated me .
va	PAST	He participated with several Danish ships in a Viking raid on the land of the Franks .
va	PAST	I immediately blushed upon entering ; he hadn 't exactly been decent yet .
va	PAST	Jace cupped her cheek .
va	PAST	He cheated on her and did unspeakable things to you .
va	PRES	" And sea lions .
va	PAST	A girl raced to escape the thick mist .
va	PAST	Mike 's throat swelled , and he couldn 't bring himself to speak .
va	PAST	" She should have given us more than one each , " Trevor complained .
va	PRES	First Ella and now you .
va	PRES	If they 're on lockdown ... " " A foreign god in their domain is an ugly thing . "
va	PAST	I tore off a pice of the bread , which was still slightly warm .
va	PAST	" I assure you what I 'm saying is true .
va	PAST	This lasted until Arjuna spoke and so decide himself that time should altogether stop .
va	PRES	" I think I can help you , " his voice vibrates on my lips .
va	PRES	Doug pets its head and puts down a few more pellets , which the cat proceeds to devour .
va	PRES	A tear rolls down my cheek , and he brushes it back with his thumb , his gaze soft and warm .
va	PAST	As Mac and Jace walked toward it , Mac 's gaze concentrated on the restricted area .
va	PAST	Her eyes sparkled with mischief .
va	PRES	A tiny muscle flutters above his clenched jaw .
va	PAST	I boarded the plane and we took off ten minutes early .
va	PAST	" Take off your pants , " she commanded .
va	PRES	I manage not to give her the satisfaction of spluttering .
va	PRES	The show of strength terrified her .
va	PAST	Biting her lip , she slung one leg over his hip , wanting him inside her more than she wanted to live to see another day .
va	PAST	Julian arched a puzzled brow .
va	PRES	Knox bites down on my nipple , hard but not too hard , and my back arches towards him .
va	PRES	I strongly suspect the FBI will monitor me for some time , at least until the day when Quinn Rucker is convicted and sent away .
va	PRES	He pats his pockets , feeling for his cell phone , but it must have been lost at the hotel penthouse .
va	PRES	" Yet somehow this tiny group of them hid from us and retained their foul magic .
va	PAST	Daniel cupped the back of Mary Elise 's neck , pulled her forward for a kiss , his forehead falling to rest on hers after .
va	PAST	I shuddered and rubbed my arms to stay warm against the chill of the room .
va	PAST	She flinched , obviously surprised by his tone of voice .
va	PAST	Directly above him , a dim electric fixture illuminated his misery .
va	PRES	he yells , grins wide , and scrambles to his feet .
va	PAST	As Klaudia had waited for her luggage , Aria poked Noel 's side .
va	PAST	I texted back : C U there !
va	PRES	But our message demands an immediate response , so the hope is that he 'll invite us in while he writes his own message back . "
va	PAST	The vampires winced away from the light of the seraph blade as it swept over them , all of them hissing like scalded cats .
va	PRES	" Once the Convention leadership is decapitated , we strike across the board .
va	PRES	Let 's go , Akane ! "
va	PRES	She reminds me of someone ... and she loves to ask questions .
va	PAST	I implored , seeking compromise .
va	PAST	" He forbade you because he didn 't own it . "
va	PAST	Her voice trembled , and hearing the question aloud only added to her terror .
va	PAST	Telling Myra how tempted she was might give her the wrong ideas .
va	PRES	She yells something back in French and tugs the door open a little more .
va	PRES	Your livelihood . ' '
va	PAST	Out of the corner of his eyes , he noted that the Empress was hardly moving .
va	PAST	So to alleviate that possible humiliation , I vowed to only own and wear sexy panties from that point forward .
va	PRES	" Because I 've taken a look at your personal balance sheet . "
va	PRES	Arguing as sisters do , they disappear over the brow of the hill .
va	PRES	Will pulls his chair out and sits .
va	PRES	" As long as we 're on the same page ... keep doing what you 're doing , " she said , her voice breathless .
va	PAST	I staggered to my feet .
va	PRES	" I suggest starting with the brush . "
va	PRES	" Ectopic pregnancy . "
va	PRES	" Isn 't opening a restaurant exciting ? "
va	PRES	Every time I enter this house she has the same reaction .
va	PAST	Heat warmed Max 's neck .
va	PAST	If she 'd wandered in alone ... " Her spine straightened .
va	PRES	" I refer to the death of the peasant . "
va	PAST	He flipped over , tucking a hand behind his head , straining his shirt against the muscles in his bicep .
va	PAST	She applied some make-up and a little perfume and using the flashlight , inspected herself in the mirror from all angles .
va	PAST	" And their collective wisdom recommended that you do what ? "
va	PAST	Jayne 's scent already drifted toward him .
va	PAST	The stone slabs dipped a bit in the middle , worn down by innumerable people treading on them during the long naval history of this place .
va	PRES	The clatter breaks the silence .
va	PRES	" And Elliot ? "
va	PAST	They drifted off , cuddled against each other .
va	PAST	Desire sang in Kelly 's veins as she parted her lips , sampling and tasting the texture of the tongue exploring her mouth .
va	PRES	Janelle yanks me inside after she steps into it .
va	PAST	Finally he plucked up his courage and headed for the Golem Trust .
va	PAST	With a trembling hand , I latched onto the strap of my bag , gripped my cup and slid from the booth .
va	PAST	Angelina 's eyes popped open and she stared straight into the boys ' eyes .
va	PAST	I cupped my hands much like I did when I was swimming freestyle and used their momentum to help keep my body from drifting down .
va	PRES	I suspect she 'll be back this afternoon . "
va	PAST	So , LaRouche wandered off into the thick grove of trees .
va	PAST	I patted Posy 's neck reassuringly .
va	PAST	Small chunks clattered around Beth 's feet , symbols of how close she had come to being struck by the heavier pieces .
va	PRES	I give him a brave smile , then scowl at the sallow watery blood that leaks out of the incision .
va	PRES	" I suggest you come aboard , so we can get under way at once .
va	PAST	Behind him , the large black car increased its speed , looming once more into his rear view mirror .
va	PAST	Her brows knotting , she scanned the other claw marks .
va	PRES	I rol ed over and groaned .
va	PAST	Cal her if you must , " he granted in an exasperated voice .
va	PRES	Only , she hid it before he could get his hands on it .
va	PRES	She slips out of her gown and pulls on the clothing I have brought .
va	PAST	Before Frank or Maggie could decide what to do , the person fired .
va	PRES	Nothing moves in the exposed rooms .
va	PRES	The Prince 's expression hardened .
va	PRES	" Deckard Blaine ! "
va	PRES	They rely on ambush and on isolating individuals and small groups .
va	PRES	The two of them enter the barn to find all their supplies thrown all over the place and their bags hanging from the ceiling of barn .
va	PAST	Her equally blue gaze performed a single sweep of the area , and she grinned .
va	PAST	When we made it outside , Nate and I informed firefighters where to go and settled in to start telling the cops what happened .
va	PAST	Several times in the next weeks , John collapsed , racked with that searing head pain .
va	PAST	Paul carefully stoked the fire under the saucepan , dipping his finger in hopefully to check the temperature .
va	PAST	Her eyebrow arched upward .
va	PRES	But joyous in its way as well .
va	PAST	Silence descended on them .
va	PAST	" That 's not a good plan , " Susan challenged , sitting back and regarding the two of them .
va	PAST	But in reality , it marked me as the Chosen One , the one who would eventually right the wrongs of Fate .
va	PRES	He rests it there , pressing our skin together , and I know that next he 'll touch his lips to mine .
va	PAST	She trembled and closed her eyes , heightening the pleasurable sensation .
va	PAST	He flipped the row of switches to start the source program through the inputs .
va	PAST	Edward coughed back , incredulous .
va	PRES	Her chest vibrates with a laugh , but she won 't give it .
va	PAST	Zach 's siblings texted and called to get the dirt on why the two of them had left his brother 's house so abruptly .
va	PRES	" DC , " he responds .
va	PAST	Black starbursts dotted my vision as I scrambled to my feet .
va	PRES	When we finally reach an acceptable spot alone in a corner on the overlook , Nicole drops her joking manner and turns serious eyes on me .
va	PAST	Dahlia ducked her head , unable to hide her expression from his probing gaze .
va	PAST	Kane tilted his nose up to her scent .
va	PAST	The water streamed off of the shoes like tiny rivers bending through a leather forest .
va	PAST	Her eyes darted back and forth over the cards after each number was announced .
va	PRES	Arnold , accepting he was superfluous for the nonce , scratched his belly and yawned , then went in search of some reviving water and toothpaste .
va	PRES	My firsts slam down , but hit cool palms .
va	PAST	He moaned , his forehead leaning into mine as his body moved against mine .
va	PRES	Zero talent there . "
va	PAST	Leta scanned the thin crowd on the platform .
va	PAST	A thoughtful look on his face , he hefted it in his hand a couple of times , as though considering its potential .
va	PRES	It burns my neck and burns my fingers when I try to tear it off .
va	PRES	Reggie adores Monique and he is the only person in the world who can manage her .
va	PRES	" Don 't , Garrett .
va	PRES	Helena screams inside my head , " I won 't let go of you , Gemma !
va	PAST	With lips compressed into a thin , cold line he swapped them over and went off to find the shift electrician .
va	PRES	" I presume arrangements have been made for a residence for Dr. Fitch . "
va	PRES	Obviously , a health nut .
va	PRES	The predator runs down its prey and rips it to shreds .
va	PAST	Gray trundled his Ski-Doo next to hers .
va	PAST	Dante winced as he tried unsuccessfully to roll onto his back .
va	PAST	He planted his fists on his hips and lifted his chin .
va	PAST	With great tenderness , she satisfied his desire again .
va	PRES	Not much elk sign anywhere .
va	PRES	The eye struggles to see a hair 's breadth and this is billions and trillions of time smaller .
va	PRES	Kneeling by the bed , he wiped her cheeks with his thumb and whispered , " Joni . "
va	PAST	To augment my meager income , I telephoned a man I had never met .
va	PRES	When I do manage to close my eyes , my past haunts me .
va	PRES	He tucks my hair behind my ear .
va	PAST	Janet popped her head in behind Luke .
va	PAST	With a groan , she scrunched up her nose and turned her face away .
va	PAST	She moaned as his tongue tangled and dueled with hers .
va	PRES	Cricket ties a long , white apron around his waist .
va	PAST	I applied for a job at the restaurant ; La Amour , and landed it even though I lied about my age on my resume .
va	PAST	Then my fingers grazed his palm and the raised scar from his wolf bite .
va	PAST	Clare scanned the list of instructions .
va	PAST	I undid his belt buckle and slowly undid the the button and zipper .
va	PRES	" Too warm for good elk hunting .
va	PAST	He ascended their ranks because none came close to challenging his power -- none would dare !
va	PAST	Pain jarred through his body as he bounced across the hard ground .
va	PRES	But come , lend me a cloth and I 'll repay the deed by offering the use of my arm in battle . "
va	PRES	Julia adds , " I 'll continue to take her place until she is completely healed .
va	PAST	Lavina mind whirled as she tried to absorb the information .
va	PAST	Percival only hoped he wouldn 't disappoint his new friends or the grand dream they longed to bring to fruition .
va	PRES	The name shatters through me .
va	PAST	When he flicked off the lights , a crashing darkness descended , and he followed the Explorer 's headlights through the falling snow .
va	PRES	" I suspect my virtue is safe . "
va	PRES	He shoots me a sly grin .
va	PAST	Gabriel dried his eyes with a handkerchief .
va	PRES	As far as he 's concerned , the only evidence we have consists of the fingerprints on the photographs and a lot of circumstantial evidence .
va	PRES	Declan 's hand slips under the table and he leans toward me , hot palm landing on my thigh .
va	PRES	And with a shaking hand I raise it to my lips and remember how life can be such sweet joy .
va	PRES	" But Gabe ... " I felt the tears well in my eyes .
va	PRES	The car scrapes along a water pipe but we squeeze through and skid into a broad street lined with tall trees .
va	PAST	He shuddered as he saw the gun .
va	PRES	' Lesbian , ' he spat at her .
va	PRES	" Oh , don 't be bashful , Gerald .
va	PAST	Hysteria bubbled up somewhere at the back of my throat .
va	PRES	I prefer unique characters .
va	PAST	He dipped the ladle through the heated syrup and poured it over his stack of pancakes , added some melted butter , and done .
va	PAST	Todd reluctantly lumbered out the makeup chair and extracted from his back pocket a business card , which Ashleigh snatched .
va	PRES	Which bites , really , because I bet a tired old doctor would 've just loved to have had a patient that was almost ok with dying .
va	PAST	She blushed at that but he touched her cheek gently .
va	PAST	Danica 's stomach lurched .
va	PAST	He took his time kissing her , his lips lingering on hers , savoring her mouth , lapping at her tongue .
va	PRES	As they continued downstairs , I debated whether to follow them .
va	PAST	He watched her , noted the look she returned and relief flooded through him .
va	PRES	I raise my eyebrows .
va	PAST	Each splash to the ground ricocheted in my ears .
va	PAST	But Duncan 's fake smile of greeting broadened .
va	PAST	Despite me looking over my shoulder for a while after , Lance never surfaced in any way .
va	PAST	He straightened his face at once .
va	PRES	Drugs , gasses , provocation .
va	PRES	A slow grin breaks out across his beautiful face .
va	PAST	She scanned his energy field but all she found was embarrassment and humility .
va	PRES	A familiar deep voice , speaking from far away , barely penetrated Abby 's void .
va	PRES	" Seems like a good enough religion to me .
va	PAST	She pivoted , toppling back to fall on her butt .
va	PRES	" Coffee , " she said , still a little breathless .
va	PRES	His question sends both our eyes toward the small slot in the door .
va	PRES	" Fuck you , dude . "
va	PAST	Palpatine suppressed a laugh and feigned ignorance .
va	PAST	She moaned as her entire body tightened .
va	PRES	You look good , " he adds .
va	PRES	She jumps up from her chair and reaches the wall with the empty frames in two steps .
va	PAST	He reacted instinctually , his aim deflecting to the side as the bolt shot harmlessly through the tent 's wall to our right .
va	PAST	My tongue pried her lips open and I explored her mouth , allowing my tongue to taste every inch of her .
va	PRES	He reads me so damn well ... and without the benefit of Psi powers .
va	PRES	She rolls her eyes , but she gets it all the time .
va	PAST	As soon as the glass lowered , the barrel of a high-caliber pistol poked inside .
va	PAST	She wandered toward where Isaac had landed and froze .
va	PRES	" And what if we follow the water stream ?
va	PAST	Padme winced as one of the twins kicked .
va	PAST	I encountered a wall , followed it for a few yards , found a wide crack and slipped through .
va	PAST	He raked his eyes up and down her toned body .
va	PAST	He imposed as much authority into his tone as possible without being disrespectful to the woman he loved .
va	PRES	But he believes it is .
va	PAST	Gray flipped it open and pressed it to his ear .
va	PRES	Emotion pours through me as I stare at his rough hands holding mine .
va	PAST	Then a white hand gently patted her head , and Andromeda sat beside her .
va	PAST	Once in the great hall , she surveyed the interior curiously .
va	PRES	" Holy crap ! "
va	PAST	Drops of water traveled along it against gravity , before trickling down a stalactite .
va	PRES	" Of course the bounty includes your woman here .
va	PRES	" Mr. Bishop ? "
va	PRES	Alex moves past me and starts to reach for Pike .
va	PRES	Sean drops his coat on the sand next to me and ties the string onto the kite .
va	PRES	If you want your red Moleskine notebook back , I suggest you leave instructions in the film of your choice with Amanda at the front desk .
va	PRES	" And that interests you ? "
va	PAST	Eleanor peeped under the table .
va	PRES	They create and they destroy .
va	PAST	Her eyes fluttered and she tried to reach for me but there was too much blood .
va	PRES	Will I spout wings and fly soon ? "
va	PAST	Great , she just reinforced what I thought .
va	PAST	He rode home and put his new clothes away then made a sandwich and poured a beer .
va	PRES	He ignores it and laughs low , the sound brushing my ears like a feather .
va	PAST	He quickly leafed through them and appeared satisfied that he had been given the amount he had requested , and tucked the money into his coat pocket .
va	PRES	" Thank you , Alexis .
va	PAST	A scream tore through the room , threatening to shake the walls to their foundations .
va	PRES	Normal walking resulted in rather large hops .
va	PRES	' Yes , Comrade General . '
va	PRES	A horrific boom shatters glass in a one-mile radius and forces everyone on the street to the pavement .
va	PAST	Royce McKnight flipped through the dossier and smiled .
va	PRES	Him , and not Cale ? "
va	PRES	" Who cares if it 's safe ? "
va	PAST	Yes , he minded , but that was a Warlord Prince 's instinctive possessiveness talking .
va	PRES	When Jack saw I meant it , he perched in one of the vinyl chairs .
va	PAST	Tess retraced her steps and swept past them all .
va	PRES	CHAPTER 7 -- How to Coin ( FYI ) Start mining your coins .
va	PAST	Her expression softened as all thoughts of the pseudo persona left her mind .
va	PRES	Don 't forget , babe , you owe me for this .
va	PRES	" A reporter ? "
va	PRES	Something tells me it 's not in a bakery baking cookies . "
va	PRES	A frightening thought emerges .
va	PRES	A creak of steel hinges breaks the silence as the doors open .
va	PAST	Hannah didn 't respond , she cursed herself for letting it get to this stage and thought hard about what she could do to redeem herself .
va	PAST	Derek looked at Sheree , one brow arched in amusement as he started the car .
va	PRES	Adam commands taking control of the situation .
va	PAST	She moaned in his arms , meeting him kiss for desperate kiss , her hands tangling in his hair , anchoring him .
va	PRES	Elliot whistled as he stepped around the power cords running across the floors connecting large boom microphones to the walls .
va	PAST	" Shhh , " Liza hushed her .
va	PAST	I grimaced at the needy sound in my voice .
va	PRES	Everyone else normally sticks with the wine . "
va	PRES	He scratched his jaw and continued to frown .
va	PRES	Della aims to preserve and rekindle human relations .
va	PRES	Jack 's friend Snake , actual name Franklyn Smith , jumps to his feet and punches the air , cheering a play on the recorded television game .
va	PRES	" I have matters I must address out east here . "
va	PAST	* * * Quinn raced to the prep room after lessons the next day , the day after that , and the day after that .
va	PRES	" It doesn " t get any heavier with people inside , either .
va	PAST	Liam snickered at her ultimatum .
va	PRES	" It 's become a mystery I have to solve , " Alexandra prodded , when Tony seemed disinclined to say more .
va	PAST	What finally persuaded you to dry out ? '
va	PAST	A broad and shallow valley spread before me , its lowest reaches smeared with a gray blotch of humanity .
va	PAST	A high-pitched roar erupted from the old electric motor .
va	PRES	He tilted her chin up to examine her flushed face and glazed eyes .
va	PRES	And some decent shoes .
va	PRES	" No prisoners ? "
va	PRES	A sliver of light shines from beneath my door .
va	PRES	I suspect Tiny would have to do those kind of searches . "
va	PAST	He lunged dramatically to maintain his balance .
va	PAST	She contemplated lying , then decided against it .
va	PAST	She surveyed the roof , and pointed to a concrete outcrop -- a door .
va	PAST	Then she belatedly clamped her mouth shut , afraid she 'd said too much .
va	PAST	He dipped down and kissed her , this time a lingering kiss .
va	PRES	Andy locks the door and sighs .
va	PRES	" I suspect Mr. Dwan of being the person who supplied the drug that Mr. Scrooge took tonight . "
va	PRES	Your father believes the sheep will show best with you attired in silver and blue . "
va	PAST	I wrote : " If I can talk to you about your future , does that mean I can talk to my grandson ? "
va	PRES	Her blood runs . "
va	PAST	She shuddered , her hips wanting to rock , but in the tight position , they could do nothing but be still and be joined .
va	PRES	A deep sinking feeling settles in my stomach again .
va	PAST	Viggo patted the air soothingly .
va	PRES	He adds with a hint of hesitation , " I have an appointment later , so I was going to be in Manhattan anyway . "
va	PRES	Which reminds me , how about some artwork ?
va	PAST	Bryce scowled and brushed off the back of his head , trying to remove zombie brain particles .
va	PRES	" He breaks things , babe .
va	PAST	Panic scratched at her nerves as tangibly as the sand and gravel under her cheek .
va	PRES	' Number of website views , seven .
va	PRES	She dances like a boss ! "
va	PAST	' This is really a lot of fun , grandfather , ' my fishing partner noted . '
va	PAST	Already his height threatened Liz 's .
va	PRES	She finishes lowering my zipper and peels back both sides of the fabric .
va	PAST	They certainly spared no expense for this one .
va	PRES	She moves a hand in my direction .
va	PAST	He skidded to his knees beside him .
va	PAST	I printed the article , cut out the headline , and took it over to my desk .
va	PRES	When the tiny door screeches shut , he pulls his jacket off , exposing his T-shirt beneath , the front of it wet .
va	PRES	" Because it 's all so damn uncontrollable .
va	PAST	Rifle 's cold , wet nose nudged her arm .
va	PRES	" What a loser .
va	PRES	The leader arrives after the rest of the group has congregated on the ledge , parting them to look down upon his prey .
va	PRES	Drifting backward , Link awkwardly shuffles his feet beneath him as the punch closes in on its target .
va	PAST	" One , two , three , " she counted to herself , shoving all her weight into her leg .
va	PRES	The voice of the storm speaks to me .
va	PAST	He even carved the trim by hand , " Gracie bragged .
va	PAST	She dived through the door into the gallery , grateful for the respite .
va	PAST	He scratched himself , he pinched himself ; still he could not think of anything .
va	PRES	Andy signs off and they call Phil .
va	PAST	Curious , Gavin scanned the return address .
va	PRES	A good Catholic one . ' '
va	PRES	A fat red dot marks my location on the electronic map on the glasses .
va	PAST	He never suspected that she had called the police .
va	PAST	Garnet 's attitude softened somewhat as he saw the crestfallen expression on Chin 's face as he realised that he was being dismissed .
va	PRES	" Can you shift ? "
va	PRES	" Well , if it 's just for a few hands ... " " Excellent . "
va	PAST	My eyes traveled to her face , wrinkled , without color or definition , beyond gender or emotion .
va	PRES	The tingles disappear from my leg , and I jump up .
va	PRES	Cause you have crumbs all over your mouth as well . "
va	PRES	Amy 's mouth drops open , but no sound comes out .
va	PAST	I pivoted on my heel and saw two men standing in the doorway , one with his arm cocked , ready to throw another spear .
va	PRES	That stings , because , in fact , I am , and it 's ridiculous .
va	PRES	Despair crashes over me as I say , " Fine , I 'll back off . "
va	PRES	Some real Barbie doll types . "
va	PRES	I quickly realise it 's highly unlikely I was overheard .
va	PRES	Usually she jokes when she says this , but now she just looks tired and kind of content .
va	PRES	" But Maddy . "
va	PAST	Tavis rode slightly ahead of his troops with his two sons at his sides .
va	PAST	I slanted a teasing glance up at him .
va	PRES	On the fourth frothy wave , the forest in front of her moves in the wind .
va	PAST	" That was mean , " noted Carter , idly stirring his bourbon .
va	PRES	When his shirt is buttoned up , he sets his eyes for strength and determination .
va	PAST	Altman Asia occupied the top ten floors of the building .
va	PAST	At once his expression softened .
va	PAST	Concern etched his angular face , twisting it into beautiful contortions .
va	PAST	Her heart skidded down a slippery slope and fell with a big , messy splat .
va	PRES	He complains a little of headaches , but his mind is definitely getting clearer .
va	PAST	He scrambled up to the windshield before the driver could shake him off .
va	PRES	A.J. looked at him , doubts hovering in her eyes .
va	PAST	And yet ... He draped one arm over the back of his chair and studied her .
va	PAST	Quickly , he scrambled off of Miss Rigby and parked his butt firmly on the grass .
va	PRES	Am I mistaken ? "
va	PRES	My dad shuffles past me into Emerson 's loft , looking as frail as I 've ever seen him .
va	PAST	Yuri 's face flushed .
va	PRES	Most men struggle to see women as a threat .
va	PRES	' In the cold ... ' " Vel repeats .
va	PAST	Lana introduced our beer supplier as Jack and closed the door behind us once we had all trooped inside .
va	PRES	Magnus plucked the invitation out of her hand and looked at it with fastidious distaste .
va	PAST	Arthur rapped his knuckles on the table .
va	PAST	" Admit that you want me , " he commanded .
va	PAST	" Remember to spit out your Moon Rock before using the Shock Bits , " Pigeon cautioned .
va	PRES	His entire throat burns and aches at the same time .
va	PAST	The tableau lasted only a second before the children suddenly turned and ran back to their own camp .
va	PAST	He swelled even more , huge and hard and inflamed as her teeth sank deep .
va	PAST	Seeing Winnie , again , overjoyed Mac .
va	PRES	" I usual y kick it behind wherever Freaky Fred is hanging out . "
va	PAST	She whirled around in fury .
va	PAST	Cursing under my breath , I hoisted myself up and tried not to hobble across the arena .
va	PRES	The badness consists in pursuing them by the wrong method , or in the wrong way , or too much .
va	PRES	A twinge of regret pokes at me as I remember that this is only temporary .
va	PAST	The Girl in Blue silently mouthed , " Sorry . "
va	PAST	" Fighting an adult Reboot , " he prompted .
va	PAST	The part of my being that had felt achy over what happened with Dee warmed , and that warmth spilled over .
va	PAST	" This land wilted beneath the hand of an oppressive ruler for a thousand years .
va	PRES	My inner dialogue speaks on the screen , about how I know it is wrong , but how it feels right -- how it is right .
va	PRES	' No , Comrade Colonel . '
va	PRES	This place screams ' demons ' every place we turn .
va	PAST	Hanna peeked over his shoulder ; it was an article about Tucker Wilkinson and how much money he gave to charities .
va	PAST	She tended bar at the Biergarten on weekends .
va	PAST	She completely cheated on him , and broke his heart .
va	PAST	She had been taken in on by a devil of a man , she suspected .
va	PAST	The water bubbled cheerfully over the smooth stones .
va	PAST	My fingers dug into his back , twisting his T-shirt .
va	PAST	" This isn 't the NBC tour , " I assured her .
va	PAST	President Davis invited him in and asked , " Would you like a tea or a coke . "
va	PRES	" If this doesn 't work out , you owe me free counseling . "
va	PAST	It whirled through the air , little more than a deadly blur .
va	PAST	Alec retrieved the box , pulled a chair up opposite Jace 's , and flung himself down onto it .
va	PAST	Adam seethed aloud as he took in her bruised and bloody face .
va	PRES	" Nobody breaks into my building . "
va	PAST	Ty moaned as he kissed Zane again , clearly willing to let him do anything he wanted .
va	PRES	" The paramedics - they 're coming out of the house . "
va	PRES	" And how do you propose to do that ?
va	PAST	His rectangular belt buckle , emblazoned with a bald eagle , glinted in the sunlight .
va	PAST	Chuck applied some baby oil from a bottle provided by the scrawny blond .
va	PRES	Of course , just digging a hole behind the wall to check , creates a weak spot . "
va	PRES	" What about Green ?
va	PAST	Another nurse peeked through the door and smiled .
va	PRES	He tilted his head as if remembering something .
va	PRES	" I prefer relationships .
va	PAST	For years , she governed under heavy guard from a secret location , which complicated her authority .
va	PAST	" Well , obviously , I was jogging before your bumper attempted to crawl up my leg , " Declan smirked .
va	PRES	It moves around , but I 've never been to space before !
va	PRES	Neither money nor greed destroy humanity , and they definitely don 't ruin the life of a single individual .
va	PAST	I sort of stalled and said I was only the girlfriend , and I didn 't know where the band held its auditions .
va	PAST	I nearly snorted in my drink .
va	PRES	" A temporary miracle , I believe , vicar . "
va	PAST	I drifted into my horrible nightmare instantly .
va	PAST	They just wanted to be helpful , Mike over reacted as usual .
va	PRES	His body drops to the ground with a thud that reverberates through my body .
va	PRES	Same rules apply to you , too .
va	PAST	Scott 's eyes glinted .
va	PAST	Losing his patience the governor finally switched tactics .
va	PAST	Kelly blushed at his mention of shared bedrooms .
va	PRES	I average one per hour .
va	PAST	" Jefferson sold Everett Kincaid the Dallas penthouse . "
va	PAST	Liza winced , remembering yesterday 's awkward incident .
va	PAST	" The one and only , " I drawled back .
va	PAST	As it got warmer , they shed the outer shirts , exposing matching gray tank tops underneath .
va	PRES	He shrugs , then leads me to a flower pot at the back edge of the porch .
va	PAST	We raced through the cabin and out the front door .
va	PAST	At least , the ones he offered contained more than a touch of fiction , and nothing was actually known about him beyond his caste and rank .
va	PAST	CM : One critic wrote , " Gardner seems content to wallow in his own past as if anyone else cared about it . "
va	PAST	He cupped her face in his hands , thumbs sliding over her silky skin .
va	PAST	She sat on a chair at the far wall , most of her face obscured by strings of matted hair , with dirt ingrained in the rest .
va	PAST	Katarina descended down again , placing her free arm on her waist while her other arm was raised up .
va	PAST	Those trailers you saw on the way in . "
va	PAST	" No , " he moaned quietly , not wanting to wake his queen .
va	PAST	" You may remove your blindfolds , " Tarik invited .
va	PRES	" But , my studies ? "
va	PRES	Alexis jumps atop the table and watches intently as the life slowly fades from Brian 's eyes .
va	PAST	They often traded chores with Levi just to get out of their turn of cooking for the family .
va	PAST	Coughing and spluttering , I planted both my hands on top of his head and pushed as hard as I could , submerging him under the water .
va	PRES	Because they didn 't want to pay taxes to support public health ? "
va	PRES	She smoothed waves of shiny hair back from her face and continued to beam an evil smile from lips painted with Hooker Red # 5 .
va	PAST	Julian cursed as he shook his head disapprovingly .
va	PRES	He lifts his gaze , looking into my face as he pulls them over my hips , and then he tugs my skirt down to cover them .
va	PRES	" Fine , but you owe me huge . "
va	PRES	Crops fail , and what do you have ?
va	PRES	He reaches the shower , runs the water at full speed .
va	PAST	Just the thought sparked an ache in her chest .
va	PRES	" The old you would never have done that , " he tells me quietly a few minutes later .
va	PAST	Crowds parted to allow him to pass .
va	PAST	Paul tore into his dinner like he hadn 't eaten in two days .
va	PAST	The Thames Estuary glistened under the fading rays , becoming a glaring orange sheet .
va	PAST	" President Reagan and Prime Minister Chirac of France issued a joint statement from the White House to clear up the confusion . "
va	PAST	" I sold Cole Productions to Jenna today . "
va	PAST	Someone sold a story about you . "
va	PRES	I concentrate on the wounded one , aiming a powerful roundhouse kick at what would be its ribs in a normal mammalian creature .
va	PAST	In fact , they both avoided me like the plague .
va	PRES	She spat at me and opened the door .
va	PAST	He resolved that when he reached the age of sixty , he would stop having mistresses .
va	PRES	I have all the images from your collection scanned and on my laptop , " I assure her .
va	PRES	Black swirls swam out from the wound , covering my well tanned skin from breast bone to my back .
va	PRES	A picture emerges of Mia and Melissa laughing in a crowded room .
va	PAST	We belonged together , in anytime , anyplace .
va	PRES	" Happy Birthday Willow .
va	PAST	" You tell me , " he fired back .
va	PRES	He shuffles all of the pages in his hands together and sets them aside .
va	PAST	And the fact that Jocelyn had chosen it when there were clearly sleeker options available doused her with a fresh slap of clammy fear .
va	PRES	" But not Tavi .
va	PAST	His breath shuddered out , and he surrendered , sinking into her kiss .
va	PAST	Anya skipped into the room , Ashlyn at her side , their arms linked .
va	PAST	I tug him toward the row of showers and scavenge the floor for any bits of soap lodged in the drain .
va	PAST	Your father exhibited many virtues -- please note ! "
va	PAST	He flinched beneath each strike that hit him .
va	PAST	Nora thumbed through messages on her phone .
va	PAST	She undid his button , and then his zipper .
va	PRES	My mom 's mouth drops at my description , probably because it is so detailed , but she says nothing .
va	PRES	" Dr. Soames ' office . "
va	PRES	He informs him quietly .
va	PRES	" Dumb , dumb , dumb . "
va	PAST	" I 'll stay hidden , don 't worry , " she assured me .
va	PRES	Without a word , he walked up the steps of the dais , sat in the throne and muttered , " Rise . "
va	PAST	A harsh dryness roughened my throat .
va	PRES	" No ladder . "
va	PRES	Now more than ever confusion circles me like a shark zeroing in on a meal .
va	PRES	' With regards to the kidnapping of the Princess Royal ... he sends his deepest regrets . '
va	PAST	Cade 's fingers dug into my waist and as I tilted my head back to meet his soulful eyes I saw true sadness there .
va	PRES	The rain stings my face and cold gusts of wind threaten to dislodge me , but I can 't look away from the destruction below .
va	PRES	" That includes none for your antics . "
va	PAST	She challenged him to turn anger to desire , to feel her lips slick and trembling under his , all sweetness and surrender and passion .
va	PRES	" On Renaissance ? "
va	PAST	Claire worked at a bar in downtown Lawrence , a college hangout favored by law students .
va	PRES	That kind of love reminds me of the human I once was .
va	PAST	The tip of her blade grazed his stomach .
va	PAST	" I want to have kids someday , remember that , Mo. " " Can 't make any promises , " I sang .
va	PAST	" I will not shoot Shiro , " Sanya assured me .
va	PRES	The pair stare at each other , an unspoken truce binding them together as they realize they might just have an ally in facing their obstacles .
va	PAST	She shuddered , but refused to let him see .
va	PAST	Smoke drifted up his nose , and he coughed , cursing himself for taking off his breathing mask .
va	PAST	" Wow , " she snickered , finally looking like a kid .
va	PRES	If you like thieves . "
va	PAST	I ... uh , escaped . "
va	PAST	I shuddered in revulsion ; I was trying hard not to throw up .
va	PAST	The other two reacted raising both of their weapons in the air .
va	PAST	James Silver welcomed them all into the hall .
va	PRES	" This scroll ? "
va	PRES	She discovers that while the jobs can be murderous , there usually aren 't dead bodies involved .
va	PRES	Huey tells Shelton and Shelton tells Kim : " For most of us life seems short , too short .
va	PRES	" It 's Kayden , " he tells her and then it gets quiet .
va	PAST	I stifle a laugh , shaking my head .
va	PRES	My heart drops into my knees and I can only let my mind race thinking about what she means .
va	PRES	We raise rodeo bulls . "
va	PAST	" Please , " I moaned , pulling at my bindings , my hips rising in a plea of their own .
va	PAST	She winked it out .
va	PAST	Jem 's eyes fluttered open for a moment ; they were silvery black , dark with sleep .
va	PAST	Instead of defending the king from Nimrod , the champion of the Amorites challenged the king for his throne .
va	PRES	But if our friendly neighborhood rancher is interested in our little sister , I suggest we keep an eye on things . "
va	PAST	When we arrived home , I raced into my room and into my closet .
va	PRES	He pulled me close to him , one arm going around my waist , the other sliding upwards to angle my face up towards his .
va	PAST	Catherine laughingly embraced her .
va	PAST	Caroline belonged to him now and he belonged to her .
va	PAST	She introduced herself to the location scout and asked about the house and the town with the frightful name .
va	PAST	Captain Beck scanned the crew for injuries .
va	PAST	The idea repulsed her in a big way .
va	PAST	I ducked , the folder slipping from my hand and landing on the wet ground with a dull thud .
va	PAST	Then I ducked into an open machine to change .
va	PRES	' None of this matters .
va	PAST	What if I vowed to keep her alive ?
va	PRES	I gasp , shocked beyond words .
va	PAST	She maneuvered the handlebars back and forth as each gust of wind jostled her from behind and bounced the airship off course .
va	PAST	The night sky winked above me , discarded papers and food cartons whirling on the concrete .
va	PRES	" Sounds like a plan , Liza .
va	PRES	When she finished , Pete scratched the back of his neck .
va	PRES	And , most importantly , why did they release Nate ?
va	PAST	At a loss for words , Sarah shuddered .
va	PAST	She whirled around , fear flashing across her face .
va	PAST	Warm awareness seeped in and tingled through her body .
va	PAST	A sob racked him , but he nodded .
va	PAST	" Open your legs for me , " he commanded softly , and threw his hat to the ground behind him .
va	PRES	His next blow catches me on my ear and it knocks me down .
va	PRES	" Of course , " mumbles Serena .
va	PRES	I destroy surprises . "
va	PAST	My sleepy gaze drifted to my desk .
va	PRES	My Daddy views his wife , drinking the water .
va	PAST	Grace cursed her luck .
va	PAST	He wiggled his feet and realized he was indeed wearing both shoes .
va	PRES	Becky and little Jackson disappear into the tent while Thom throws some more logs on the fire .
va	PAST	She winced at the wound she was responsible for .
va	PRES	It wil be fun . "
va	PAST	Something unreadable darted across his face and was gone .
va	PAST	In less than a minute of it being in front of me , I forked mouthfuls of spaghetti straight into my mouth .
va	PAST	She suspected that it was still too soon .
va	PRES	" Which reminds me .
va	PRES	" Then I ' l adjust .
va	PAST	" Not intentionally , " she assured him .
va	PRES	I suggest you pay special attention to any disused outhouses in the grounds of Knightly 's old school . "
va	PAST	Life scurried above her , not that anybody seemed to have heard her shouts .
va	PRES	He signs quite well . "
va	PRES	We always prevail . "
va	PAST	A lodge frequented by a high percentage of police officers .
va	PAST	I invited all of my friends from school and Cora invited some of the families she had gotten to know during football and the dances .
va	PAST	She embraced him , crushing his ribs in her haste , her teeth sinking deep into his neck .
va	PAST	" They constructed several cages quickly when they decided we were too powerful and posed too much danger as a group . "
va	PRES	The Senatorial Guard . "
va	PAST	Something terrible radiated from Durante .
va	PRES	" She runs a foundation for the arts . "
va	PRES	The cracks shift and connect back into the bone .
va	PRES	Local family , varsity football , pre-law , then Yale law school , and ten years as an attorney .
va	PAST	It ached to leave him , but she wanted to wash the sweat and dirt from her body while she had the chance .
va	PRES	She snagged his phone and lit out as she heard him protest .
va	PRES	I spat after the enduring silence .
va	PRES	A huge beast in my peripheral vision lunges at a smaller one and takes off its head with one deadly swipe of its massive , razor-sharp claws .
va	PAST	When the abbot finished his tale , words escaped from Fidel 's mouth .
va	PRES	Everyone listens to Eric . "
va	PAST	" Definitely related , " he moaned , holding himself on the ground .
va	PRES	What kind of match ends with a shoulder block ?
va	PRES	It consists simply of combat self-defense techniques .
va	PRES	Our condolences again , and ... good luck on your mission . "
va	PRES	" Are you freakin kidding me ?
va	PRES	" Jesus Fucking Christ !
va	PRES	What about Rags ? "
va	PAST	I avoided his calculating gaze and smiled at Anna .
va	PRES	I tilted his head up to look at me .
va	PAST	the Superintendent thundered on the Inspector 's entrance .
va	PAST	-- His body throbbed in a dozen different places , but Sam barely noticed .
va	PRES	I suggest we get moving . "
va	PAST	' I snatched her this evening as she was walking home from school .
va	PRES	he tells me curtly , when Dawn is delivered into the passenger seat .
va	PRES	When you came back , the senator hid me .
va	PAST	Natalie 's face softened and for a moment , I thought she was going to cry , but she just laughed dryly .
va	PRES	" Thanks Raymond . "
va	PRES	" Eva , we can 't bring a child into the world , " he tells me painfully .
va	PAST	Charlie unexpectedly ducked to the ground and covered his head with his arms , just as the deafening sound of exceptionally close gunfire filled the air .
va	PAST	Instead her face softened into a sadness he 'd been glimpsing regularly lately ; a sadness supporting his fears .
va	PAST	Her hands clenched upon her legs , her fingers dug into her jeans .
va	PRES	" We 'll have to think more on it , " he tells me at last .
va	PRES	Ashley snatches the check back .
va	PAST	He invited me out to see his village a week or so ago .
va	PAST	The two thugs were ordered out , then marched across the parking lot to face the woman they 'd been stalking .
va	PRES	And yet everyone acts like he 's the one doing something wrong .
va	PRES	Instead she stiffens and seals her lips .
va	PRES	" What a coincidence . "
va	PAST	Danny catching his eye privately mouthed , ' She 's breath-taking . '
va	PRES	" Clay Carter , from D.C. " " Oh yes , he 's been expecting you . "
va	PAST	Her stomach ached and she was weary to her very bones .
va	PRES	I padded downstairs and peered into the peephole .
va	PAST	The water descended from the sky as if it had been poured out of a jug .
va	PAST	' Fair enough , ' he granted , though he was frowning again , not liking this conversation one bit .
va	PAST	She patted my knee .
va	PAST	I flipped a few more .
va	PAST	He noted she 'd ignored his question .
va	PRES	" I really don 't care what you believe , little half breed .
va	PAST	Then she rounded on him .
va	PRES	Goodbye and God bless .
va	PRES	He pulls his cheek to the side almost apologetically .
va	PAST	Mr. Fitch , leading the cross-examination , noted that the defendant had received a minor wound , and it was to his back .
va	PRES	The fact that her father was a hunter only complicated matters .
va	PRES	" Oh we do remember , " Alexander with a nasty voice .
va	PRES	" Carpathian blood runs strong in her veins , but her mind sets human limits .
va	PAST	His fangs lengthened in response to the temptation she presented .
va	PRES	" Scoot over , I want to sit next to you today , " he tells me .
va	PAST	Glancing at the caller ID , she moaned again .
va	PRES	" He reminds me of someone . "
va	PAST	She loudly proclaimed her motive was money for marrying him .
va	PRES	" It is all in the presentation , I suspect .
va	PRES	Marie repeats with a shaky voice .
va	PRES	Goldie baked a small pizza for the girls , and they munched on the toasted cheese with gusto .
va	PRES	I wander through the store while I wait for him , and find myself standing in front of one of those old-fashioned coin machines .
va	PAST	" No , " Lana snorted and pulled my tank up over my arms .
va	PAST	I texted Dad this time , quickly , as I hurried down the halls .
va	PAST	Andy winced and tried to wriggle away as he put more pressure on her upper arm and dug in with the knife .
va	PAST	A whisper of a smile edged her mouth , her tongue darting out to wet her lips as she increased her pace .
va	PAST	A strange sense of inevitability drifted into the room .
va	PRES	We require a pledge of your good conduct in exchange for your release .
va	PAST	The list bugs me because it bears no relation to Barrett 's academic interests . "
va	PRES	The burn flares to life once more .
va	PRES	In the candlelight , his eyes gleam .
va	PAST	' It 's out of tune ' Gel complained as he started playing with the pegs at the lute 's head .
va	PRES	John Lorenz , head of the Latin Mob , strongly prodded Dwayne to join their organization .
va	PRES	And definitely her first grown-up gown .
va	PAST	The vamps bared their fangs , their faces twisted at the intrusion into their lair .
va	PAST	He straightened and stretched the kinks out of his back .
va	PRES	And even if I managed to talk Patch into cooperating , how would I ever earn back Scott 's trust ?
va	PRES	Seth exclaims over the loud music , slamming his hand on the table .
va	PRES	Instead of looking chagrined , Tasha and Meredith just snicker .
va	PAST	I paddled around , feeling my body respond to the movements of my hands .
va	PRES	Three knocks on the door and I know it 's Mom .
va	PAST	So we paddled down Fox Lake and I didn 't ask him why he threw his knife in the water .
va	PRES	But no promises . "
va	PAST	She squared her shoulders and turned to blast her selfish , ungrateful sister with her pathetic husband and bratty kids .
va	PAST	They huddled on the carpet , stunned .
va	PRES	" Oh hel - that 's the leg she plants to throw . "
va	PRES	" Michael Marcus DeLuca . "
va	PAST	I straightened up the bed and smoothed out his clothes from the night before .
va	PRES	He pours himself another shot of Scotch , and then takes a sip , as if pondering this knotty dilemma .
va	PRES	We seek safe passage through your lands .
va	PRES	" Perfect , " I growl .
va	PAST	I 'm sorry , he wrote .
va	PAST	Tears streaked across Olivia 's cheeks .
va	PAST	Wade hefted one end , trusting Franco would have the other in sync , and hustled toward the helicopter .
va	PAST	And he sang again .
va	PAST	A single bulb illuminated the elevator like a B horror flick .
va	PAST	Panic ensued and I had to think fast .
va	PAST	" He fired his musket first .
va	PRES	What about Hartley ? "
va	PAST	The words suddenly registered , as well as the accompanying movement behind her and , turning , Angela realized that she also recognized the second man .
va	PAST	The woman blushed , and laughed .
va	PRES	Waste creates jobs , jobs create consumers and consumers spend , usually on things they don 't need .
va	PRES	" You copied or stole back sensitive data and turned it over to Calhoun ? "
va	PRES	Two men appeared in the doorway , armed only with heavy sticks , and were immediately cut down by flashing blades .
va	PRES	With an eager hand he pulls an order pad out of his apron pocket and slips a pen out from behind his ear .
va	PRES	My thoughts consume me out here .
va	PAST	Devon stormed forward , fury radiated from him as he went straight at Dani .
va	PAST	His brows arched , a teasing grin curving his lips .
va	PRES	Who sends a naked picture of herself to a man who was in a relationship ?
va	PAST	Little touches like this marked her out as unique , different , special - in other words , an outcast .
va	PAST	My eyes wandered along the northern horizon , a mass of foothills and mountains .
va	PRES	Becca She tosses this question at the camera -- " Am I young or old ? "
va	PAST	Swinging into the driver 's seat , I gripped the joystick , elevated the truck and it hovered over towards the third shelf .
va	PRES	He moves against the breeze flowing from ahead , letting the scents wash over him , catching what he can with his upturned nose .
va	PAST	She shuddered , wrapping her arms tight around herself .
va	PRES	For a moment she struggles over the waves , and then she is swimming .
va	PRES	" And just how would you know that , Ms. Frazier ?
va	PRES	" In the last few entries . "
va	PRES	One hand on my hip , I crooked a finger at the car , daring the driver to move forward .
va	PRES	" Prewitt 's symbol represents no mate , no marriage , no engagement , technically a widower .
va	PRES	" That you don 't know the answer proves you aren 't the warrior I thought you were .
va	PRES	He 's never even flown a short recon , let alone gotten into a fight , " Jason notes .
va	PRES	CHAPTER 26 " THAT BITCH !
va	PAST	Sal sat in the middle of the group , a young brunette woman snuggled up to his right .
va	PAST	The short man staggered .
va	PRES	Wilder switches the call to his cell and says , " Rook .
va	PRES	The girl rolls her eyes .
va	PRES	" Or Neo Nazis . "
va	PAST	He 'll pick the worst one , " Zane grumbled as Ty moved past them .
va	PRES	Her red hair whips in the breeze , and she looks about ten years younger this day .
va	PAST	" Oh , we are into each other , " I assured him .
va	PRES	They disappear every once in a while , but then find their way back to the floor dancing and laughing .
va	PAST	They crashed together and tumbled to the floor .
va	PRES	Then straightening up fallen chairs , putting drawers back in place , closing open cabinet doors .
va	PRES	She studies me for a moment .
va	PRES	Travis pats me on the back and walks out .
va	PAST	Aria , who had just arrived in the kitchen , coughed .
va	PAST	Something gurgled , whistling , and I realized it was Lord Soren breathing .
va	PAST	Peter 's haughty air bloomed .
va	PAST	Then she flipped open her cell to make a call .
va	PAST	Deep engravings etched the walls .
va	PRES	He scratched his ear .
va	PAST	But when they were both in hunter mode , the very air trembled in fear .
va	PAST	Tasha fired and missed , spraying bark and pinecones across the frozen ground instead .
va	PAST	His hands cupped her hips , drawing her closer , as his tongue slid along the side of her neck .
va	PAST	Twelve months later I graduated from the foundational classes .
va	PRES	" A sea voyage ? "
va	PRES	He believes the Germans discovered something incredible , something buried under the ice . "
va	PAST	" I 'm sure you could , " he assured me .
va	PAST	The demon in the pentagram cackled .
va	PAST	The ship lurched aside again , not with the suddenness of a weapon hit but with the swing of a dodge .
va	PAST	When the boats were almost afloat the children scrambled into them .
va	PAST	The words tore her flesh like bullets .
va	PAST	I scrambled to my feet , aware that my right arm was broken at the wrist .
va	PAST	He cupped her shoulders to steady them both , but it only served to throw him off-balance .
va	PAST	Earl supplied him with the specific location , actually giving the ranger the GPS coordinates .
va	PRES	" Am I interrupting ? "
va	PRES	" The fact that he isn 't here just proves that I 'm right ! "
va	PRES	He shrugs , " This one is .
va	PRES	All but two students , Olga and Harley , raise their hands .
va	PAST	" Then join us for breakfast , " Daphne invited .
va	PRES	How could you " " Bessie ? "
va	PAST	" You may be right , " Hunter conceded .
va	PAST	Kali longed to sleep , but couldn 't .
va	PRES	" A kick in the groin . "
va	PRES	He hid a smile behind the rim of the bottle .
va	PAST	Then she fired off a series of questions , giving Nate no chance to answer them .
va	PRES	This can be your present day car trouble shot , " I suggest .
va	PRES	Face it , Gypsy .
va	PRES	Make sure Mom tells him I 'm glad those trench digging skills of his worked out so well . "
va	PRES	" Come for me , baby , " he growls again .
va	PAST	She reeled , shaking her head as the world swam .
va	PAST	Chapter Twenty Charlotte I paced around my room trying to make sense of the situation .
va	PAST	Tonight belonged to him , and he belonged to the court .
va	PAST	This kind of stuff enthralled people of all ages .
va	PRES	I spit at him .
va	PAST	My stomach knotted up thinking of how I 'd left Blaire .
va	PAST	She tilted her chin up so that her mouth was close to his ear and she whispered as if imparting something top secret .
va	PRES	If they escape and cannot find another maze , they create one .
va	PRES	I owe him that much .
va	PAST	Devon yanked at the front door , and it mercifully opened .
va	PAST	A compelling urge to smash the line she had drawn prompted him into adding , ' Actually , I think I 'll tag along with you .
va	PAST	" I 'm going to Seattle on Labor Day , " Rhapsody informed her intently .
va	PAST	Violet puffed up her chest .
va	PRES	" Thank your fiancé , " Leah mumbles , sitting at a table .
va	PAST	She scanned the rest of the letter .
va	PRES	Jack waits for my approval before he kisses me .
va	PAST	She bends sideways , retching again and again .
va	PRES	Gabriel responds before she can .
va	PRES	After a few minutes , Timothy finishes the article he 's reading , closes the magazine and begins the exam .
va	PRES	She squeezes my arm and then straightens up .
va	PRES	Between gasping breaths , he said , " And I suspect that ... I know what you contemplate . "
va	PAST	The coat tore to shreds and the fire extinguisher blew up sending Macro 's head through the wall behind him .
va	PAST	Refreshed , he dried himself and dressed .
va	PAST	It tore my heart out , because I heard his voice .
va	PRES	My lips collide with hers , hungrily I kissed her .
va	PRES	Dear David , I raise my eyebrows .
va	PRES	We owe them both so much . "
va	PRES	" Ethan Sullivan . "
va	PRES	Ronan didn " t like that look , and eased Kari completely behind him .
va	PAST	I scanned their faces but they refused to make eye contact with me and I realized that Taylor was staring each down in silent threat .
va	PRES	He acts like I 'm not even there .
va	PAST	They introduced themselves again and shook hands , then Mrs Beacham was at the door .
va	PRES	You trade in your horse ?
va	PAST	The resulting appearance resembled a ragged patchwork quilt in the waning daylight as the ground below slowly succumbed to the deepening evening shadows .
va	PRES	Some jot down notes with the graphite pens they got at the school store during orientation , while others soak in the information by listening .
va	PRES	" A fifth of a mile per second . "
va	PAST	He avoided the procession .
va	PAST	Those words ushered in silence , and a big man came in from another room .
va	PAST	Without even thinking about it , my steps quickened until I was nearly running to him .
va	PRES	by snapping its neck . "
va	PAST	His puffy chest almost glimmered under the host of light flowers over the stage .
va	PRES	" I debated whether it would be worse to only see you for a second , or to not see you at all . "
va	PRES	She pulls me out of the bathroom and we head back .
va	PRES	Her shoulders shift upward as she shrugs again and stares at the ground .
va	PAST	Though they wouldn 't get official confirmation until after the Thanksgiving holiday , the clients assured them that theirs was the best proposal they 'd seen .
va	PAST	I maintained a 4.0 GPA all throughout high school .
va	PAST	McCabe clapped him on the back once more before starting toward his Humvee .
va	PAST	As I watched , she straightened up , put her hand on Oliver 's arm and laughed .
va	PAST	I nudged Lainie 's foot under the table , urging her to be quiet .
va	PAST	Luka sheltered Astrid beneath a large golden shield .
va	PRES	" To what , princess ? "
va	PRES	My heart hid the true love for her by the false shadows of lies , which I said to myself for the sake of my vicinity .
va	PRES	" Rough day at school , huh ? "
va	PRES	" Your Majesty . "
va	PAST	Beth grumbled under her breath and said , " There 's supposed to be a storm sometime this afternoon .
va	PAST	He dug out his cell phone and called in an order for Chinese food .
va	PAST	She retrieved the errant soccer ball and tossed it back to the waiting goaltender .
va	PAST	A thin red beam erupted , freezing the first man in place .
va	PRES	Girl crouches at the edge of the cave , watching water fall from the sky .
va	PAST	He planted his feet in the sand and jumped upright .
va	PRES	They raise them from hatchlings , bonding them to their youngest children .
va	PRES	My mother stabs her fingernail against Doug 's chest .
va	PAST	When he focused on the girl 's face , his stomach plummeted south .
va	PRES	" I don 't know if that will ever stop happening , " Justine adds as she playfully jabs Emma in her ribs .
va	PAST	It now resembled an upscale coffee bar or a posh trendy spa .
va	PRES	The feel of his cheek against mine , his hands everywhere , his groan mingling with my own gasps transports me .
va	PRES	Mai exclaims , just as the colossal weapon begins to swing .
va	PRES	It colours what she feels with me , too .
va	PRES	" Big Lee and Johnny . "
va	PRES	" Of course I 'll help you , " Aunt Letty remarks .
va	PRES	" I 'm sorry I was gone so long , " Ethan tells me after we say a quick hello to the last soldiers in the ward .
va	PAST	I registered this only subliminally .
va	PRES	And both of those things suck . "
va	PRES	It tells you about maturity and quality .
va	PRES	So young , and without Tory 's claiming marks on my neck .
va	PRES	His angry eyes shift to me the instant I begin to speak .
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PAST	" We haven 't been able to check on Lissa ; too many cops crawling around , " Davis grumbled .
va	PAST	Zane grimaced as he turned to get his phone .
va	PRES	" You two stay here , oh and get some coffee going .
va	PAST	Kylie 's words evaporated from the tip of her tongue , or maybe they crawled down the back her throat .
va	PAST	" Obviously , " Claire grumbled .
va	PAST	At the last second he snatched it away and sniffed .
va	PAST	I squirmed back to feel him against me , still refusing to open my eyes .
va	PRES	After class Kevin pulls me aside and levels his stare on mine .
va	PAST	It clattered in the porcelain sink .
va	PAST	Her black , haunting gaze drifted over his face .
va	PRES	It reminds me of Rob .
va	PRES	" But my furniture ?
va	PRES	Movement of any kind wakes me .
va	PAST	Bill flipped around and saw Dana Weiss , only the hottest girl in school .
va	PAST	Gray 's mind raced alongside the director 's line of reasoning .
va	PAST	He loomed over me , tall and gorgeous , those curls blowing in the wind , smelling of sea , and salt , and man .
va	PAST	Jonathan Tremblay switched off the T.V. , shaking his head in exasperation .
va	PAST	My fingertips fluttered over his lips , and I whispered , " Perfect . "
va	PRES	" Goddammit , " Ty spat .
va	PRES	Various camera feeds from around the city are on display , archived footage from this morning frozen in time .
va	PRES	" It would be unkind to act otherwise , " he notes .
va	PAST	Faster , Mia , I commanded myself .
va	PAST	We rode in a surprisingly comfortable silence , even though I caught him watching me almost as much as he watched the road .
va	PRES	I amused myself by watching my sneakers as they squashed down the blades of moist green grass .
va	PRES	Another hit sends me sprawling .
va	PAST	He shuddered and took his stuff but threw it on the beach and sat .
va	PAST	From the deepest part of her soul , anger swelled as she remembered Jimmy 's earlier fear .
va	PAST	His cheeks flushed red and his eyes sparkled with new life .
va	PAST	Jewels of it nestled in his eyebrows .
va	PRES	The bank explodes in activity as soldiers scramble for their weapons .
va	PAST	Then again , reaching your mid-thirties tended to do that to a man .
va	PRES	He moves on , and I let my breath out slow .
va	PRES	I suggest you move this to the top of your list for right now . "
va	PAST	Kara scanned and found the email .
va	PAST	Two notorious fairies who 'd had their teeth sharpened like the elves ' had left me with some permanent physical damage .
va	PAST	Those memories loomed large in her mind .
va	PAST	He controlled my money , he controlled the car , he controlled my time -- when he could .
va	PAST	Gene fixed Tisha with a stare , " Sole support ?
va	PRES	I prefer trade . "
va	PRES	' Yes , Perry ? '
va	PRES	' The one in your side pouch . '
va	PAST	He flipped through the pages .
va	PRES	" It 's really nice to meet you , " I manage .
va	PRES	His breathing on my neck sends shivers down to my toes .
va	PAST	Drew yanked her down to the floor .
va	PAST	He ducked under the arm , shooting up behind the Arum .
va	PAST	I rounded on her , pissed off now .
va	PAST	Sighing , he stood and held out his hand , another plaintive cry resounding in his head before he could speak .
va	PAST	" Allen , " Dirk cautioned .
va	PAST	Her cheeks whitened as she pressed her lips together .
va	PRES	He scratched the question in his journal .
va	PAST	The wheels whined , a high pitched howl , but the car stood still .
va	PAST	She shuddered , realizing there were worse things than death .
va	PRES	" Fast and the Furious .
va	PAST	Maggie 's brain suddenly surged into overdrive .
va	PRES	Not a vendetta . "
va	PAST	She drifted in and out of consciousness , waking to see Papa standing over her .
va	PRES	he yells at me .
va	PAST	The coyotes darted into the underbrush and disappeared .
va	PAST	In the distance the loch glistened and shone like silver with nary a ripple to disturb the pristine surface . '
va	PAST	Amber snatches it from her grasp .
va	PAST	For a second the figure clawed and struggled strenuously , but silently .
va	PRES	Red paint slowly stains the rock , forming letters until it 's finished and then he lowers his hand .
va	PAST	Zane rounded the pile of equipment as the photographer walked over to the camera .
va	PRES	Alia 's bag slips out of her hands and thuds onto the floor .
va	PRES	" Of course , Mr. Lyons .
va	PRES	No positioning satellites register , sorry .
va	PAST	The moon shone lightly allowing then to see their way and the stars glistened like diamonds .
va	PRES	We breed good stock . "
va	PRES	And the potatoes ? "
va	PRES	Cole slowly moves on top of me , leaning all his weight on one arm .
va	PAST	Still , none of his precautions guaranteed no one was waiting .
va	PAST	Her heart swelled to near bursting .
va	PRES	Serena moves into position , balancing the trident in the palm of her hand and holding it steady just above her shoulder .
va	PAST	Her gasp swelled through the Cessna .
va	PAST	He resisted the impulse to drop it just an inch lower and toy with her hair .
va	PRES	Lacrosse matters in Green Bay .
va	PAST	My hands trembled as I folded my arms across my chest , ignoring the pain of my stitches pulling .
va	PAST	The text message blurred , and she blinked .
va	PAST	The heated gusts of him breathing harder steamed through her damp hair .
va	PRES	( Josie drinks quickly .
va	PRES	Kim sticks out her hand to shake but he only nods to her with his eyes rolled up under heavy lids .
va	PRES	he adds as Gabriel ´ s body is noticeably tense .
va	PAST	" What crazies , Brian ? "
va	PRES	She shrugs like she doesn 't care .
va	PRES	His voice drops to a low murmur and I speculate he is thinking of his own failed plight .
va	PAST	The smell of peanut butter cookies drifted into the living room .
va	PAST	Whoever wrote you that poem in your nightstand !
va	PAST	Their trail dipped down a bit , and for about ten yards it went under muddy water .
va	PAST	Emily whirled around and glared at Aria .
va	PRES	In frustration at our mutual stubbornness , and the same between Mum and Izzy , I slam the boot of the car harder than I intended .
va	PAST	Her sweet breath feathered a cascade of flaming tongues down his spine -- " I need to go now , Natalie . "
va	PRES	" Next customer ! "
va	PRES	Just thinking about it hurts my heart , squeezes it until it seems ready to split in two .
va	PRES	And a girl rides them ! "
va	PRES	He runs the Praetor Lupus , pretty much . "
va	PAST	He winced beneath her .
va	PAST	Immediately , ice encased the ground beneath her hand , spreading with extraordinary speed across the stone toward the oncoming Cobra .
va	PAST	The pitch of his voice increased with his growing excitement .
va	PRES	She wipes snow off the shoulder of her shirt .
va	PRES	In fact , we tend to think that animals came out onto the land as a positive step forward in the evolution of life .
va	PRES	Mason 's thumb grazes my knuckles lightly .
va	PRES	Again , he shrugs .
va	PRES	He hid it well , but she could see the pain he was dealing with as plainly as if it were her own .
va	PAST	He drifted with them .
va	PAST	Her left hand gently cupped his dead face .
va	PAST	Sheba inspected Gabe 's mind more closely .
va	PRES	Then he leads me to the door or the food can he wants opened . "
va	PAST	Peasants wandered in and out of the town gate , a sturdy wooden structure supported by strong stone towers .
va	PRES	Unfortunately he is right , you easily betrayed the men whom you were close to .
va	PRES	' Jesus Christ . '
va	PRES	" Sorry " said Visit cheerfully , " I reckon you " ve been stood up again . "
va	PAST	She dug her fingernails into his back and he ground out , " Oh , shit . "
va	PRES	He drops his arms and turns around , then walks to my nightstand .
va	PAST	Before Anna could reply a deafening sound filled their ears and the tunnel surrounding them trembled .
va	PAST	I smothered my smile as Julie held her own with my boss .
va	PAST	Unaware of the ever-growing tension , Danvers flipped the papers down on the desk before him and impatiently cleared his throat .
va	PAST	She flinched , not from pain but from the overwhelming shock of ecstasy when his mouth touched her nape .
va	PRES	All of them grim .
va	PRES	Are you immortal ? "
va	PAST	She dried her damp palms on her sundress .
va	PAST	He scrunched the paper in his hand and placed a supportive hand on my shoulder .
va	PRES	Callum also hid his reaction and turned to Sonia .
va	PRES	" Does the craving ever disappear ? "
va	PRES	His eyes lighted on the baby sitting at his feet looking up at him .
va	PRES	" I will take care of the body , " he adds .
va	PAST	" So now you wallow at my feet , seeking aid at my kindness .
va	PRES	Babies spit up and poopy , a lot , along with sleep .
va	PAST	Nobody questioned the grieving D.I. 's decision .
va	PRES	I inquire with interest .
va	PRES	" Because you 'll need to say good-bye .
va	PRES	Just four more rungs to go .
va	PAST	I nudged Thom in the ribs with my right elbow and smiled , a small reprieve from the drama of the day .
va	PAST	His handsome , young waiter always presented as the epitome of serene , deferential respect .
va	PRES	He waits for a minute , and I see the young men all ball into themselves .
va	PRES	" I suggest you get back to your unit as fast as you can and leave the guard duty to us . "
va	PAST	Only a square of light peeked out far above her head .
va	PRES	Echo catches the edge .
va	PRES	Who cares what Mason looks like ?
va	PRES	He pokes his head around the corner and sees Duke and me .
va	PAST	Her skin hummed under his touch , under his breath , making her long to be closer to him than ever .
va	PRES	I intend to honor that promise . "
va	PRES	" Is it taxes ? "
va	PRES	My eyes hotter than it already were , focused intently on him .
va	PRES	Laurence loosened his own straps and stood , turning around as he drew his pistols .
va	PRES	But I intend to , one day .
va	PRES	" Why would you ... why would you suggest something like that ? "
va	PAST	... Every question possible flooded my mind .
va	PAST	" But , " I stammered , thoroughly confused , beginning to turn on my heels .
va	PAST	Bernard staggered backwards , but even though she now had the ability to control water , it hadn 't been worth it .
va	PRES	How many customers ? "
va	PRES	Then , before I can think , another aims for me .
va	PRES	I spat back at him .
va	PRES	Because I have this thing ... " He shrugs .
va	PAST	Condensation beaded the glass .
va	PAST	He paced back and forth in front of the elf , chafing his hands together .
va	PAST	Shaun swapped a quick look with Dean and turned back to the brown haired boy .
va	PAST	He fired up the powerful car and headed away from the airport .
va	PAST	No way , now as for your son Danny , I may be willing to wait another ten years or so for him , " she winked .
va	PRES	The McCullough slips in the spilled blood , falling hard .
va	PRES	Think you can handle it ? "
va	PRES	" If you seek me , Lucian , simply reveal where you are and I will come to you in all haste . "
va	PRES	They shimmer like I do . "
va	PAST	I resolved that I would not aid in changing other humans into such hellish monsters .
va	PRES	The table moves slightly and I open my eyes , expecting it to be Jackson again or one of the girls .
va	PRES	He cares for you like you were his own younger brother .
va	PAST	He wrote down a few codes on a piece of scrap paper he found beside the computer and handed them to Ted .
va	PAST	I blushed , but I didn 't pull my hand away .
va	PRES	" Maybe he 'll spank you for being such a naughty girl , Cam , " I taunt playfully .
va	PRES	Elliott finishes my sentence .
va	PAST	I fired off three rounds and hit only one of them .
va	PRES	" And they consider using our ability in such a way a greater shame than resorting to cloth , " Vel adds .
va	PAST	She flushed with pleasure , ducking her head as if she couldn 't believe my response came without being laced with criticism .
va	PRES	And just like the good friend that he is , he catches on .
va	PAST	Gene 's feet drifted beyond the mysteries .
va	PRES	I reckon you 're that good .
va	PRES	Leah shrugs , not really concerned about being polite .
va	PRES	Eventually my brain catches up and we leave the kitchen and make our way down the hallway before climbing up the stairs to the second floor .
va	PAST	Spence evidently noted my discomfort with the topic .
va	PAST	Two figures whirled to face her as she entered the room .
va	PRES	Tad wipes his face while addressing my mother .
va	PAST	I scrambled up , smacking the mattress until I found the towel , covering myself as I darted off the bed , grabbing the pistol .
va	PAST	" Took an interest in everything .
va	PRES	I raise an eyebrow .
va	PRES	" In spades . "
va	PRES	He growls as he kneels on the bed , right between my spread legs .
va	PAST	Nolan inspected the jar -- heavy , ceramic , painted with a bronze and pink glaze .
va	PRES	Did you require anything else ? "
va	PAST	Her cheeks flushed a dark red .
va	PRES	I snort and pull out of his arms .
va	PAST	The thought popped into my mind that maybe I could get her to join the mile high club .
va	PRES	Warrior suddenly flaps her leather-like wings and soars away .
va	PRES	Still , most Houses prefer that the head of the House have at least two additional children .
va	PRES	I pride myself on being able to pick the right man .
va	PAST	Her knees dug deeper into the sheets , pressing herself more firmly against his aching hardness .
va	PRES	I owe him a lot . "
va	PRES	She moaned slightly as she arched her head back , her lips parting .
va	PAST	You will have to stay far away from me , " he cupped my face in his hands and I saw the pain in his eyes .
va	PAST	She moaned between them and threaded her fingers through his hair , pulling him even closer .
va	PRES	Obviously , I no longer judge those people so unfairly .
va	PAST	He flipped through the pages quickly and then stopped on one page in particular .
va	PRES	He rests the phone against his shoulder and says , " Lennox traded shifts and is now free tonight .
va	PAST	A streetlight briefly illuminated his tense face .
va	PAST	Water lapped against it , and the boat rocked , enveloped in the mist .
va	PAST	I traveled a good deal , but more and more I found myself thinking of New York , and the exiled Shadowhunters there .
va	PRES	Maybe ground level provides us with a kind of symbolic boundary marker , an artificial construct that helps us remember that we are alive .
va	PRES	Because it affects how I vote , too . "
va	PRES	" Bring it up with Master Philippe , mademoiselle .
va	PRES	He lifts up on his arm and looks down at me .
va	PRES	Finding a little bit of strength , I raise my head and crack open one eye .
va	PRES	" I doubt it , " I grunt .
va	PAST	It inserted the recorder in pocket and it set out toward the exit .
va	PRES	" Mojo understands . "
va	PAST	Pastor Levitz intoned , " Amen . "
va	PRES	Jase props himself up on an elbow , looking at me for a minute without saying anything .
va	PRES	" What did he mean by , ' The Dr. Quickly there ? " '
va	PRES	He drops the bag into my hand .
va	PRES	Our inner Neptune runs deep .
va	PAST	Above him , as the filth took him , the hooves of a million dead cows marched .
va	PAST	I drenched that thing , and then mercifully fell asleep .
va	PAST	Eric 's grip slackened in shock .
va	PAST	More of them dotted the trees above them , creating the same effect as roped Christmas lights .
va	PRES	They hid among the trees and discussed on what to do .
va	PAST	My eyes darted randomly , trying to find aid .
va	PRES	Michele narrows her eyes .
va	PRES	" What about basketball ? "
va	PRES	Lila pats Ella 's head and in a way I think she 's making a private joke with her .
va	PRES	Like this : fire away , gentleman . '
va	PRES	Again , it I don 't think it will be hard to find judges who will agree with us , " adds Hammer .
va	PRES	The arrows strike the walls nearly simultaneously , and two portals to the sacred realm are opened .
va	PAST	The small woman pivoted to display her gown and large floral hat .
va	PRES	" What about her planet ?
va	PAST	I suspected he , once again , shielded me from worse injury , but I wasn 't about to thank him .
va	PAST	His eyes scanned around us , able to see more than mine in the waning light .
va	PRES	My heart leaps until I realize it 's just Phil .
va	PAST	The party was five days away , and he 'd already picked out a dress for her to wear , something appropriate she suspected .
va	PRES	' Peter Marx ? '
va	PRES	Stephanie 's head immediately whips toward me .
va	PAST	He dug a neat trench twenty inches wide , six feet long , six feet deep .
va	PAST	She moaned into his mouth , her nails sinking into his scalp , as if to hold him in place .
va	PRES	She smoothed her dress and picked up her coat and purse .
va	PAST	Robbie 's voice crackled over the line .
va	PAST	" Follow me , " he commanded as he started to move toward one of the ' oh so exclusive ' doors .
va	PAST	The realization that she considered the Wolf Clan her family warmed her heart and gave her courage .
va	PRES	" I prefer my women taller , with dark hair . "
va	PRES	From this distance , the view reminds him of the fjords in Norway , where he used to visit his grandfather in summer .
va	PRES	I just grunt in frustration .
va	PAST	Jeweled rings winked from every finger .
va	PRES	" As my mistress commands . "
va	PAST	The seat leather scorched my legs .
va	PAST	The wolf howled it 's frustration as it disappeared over the edge of the hood , teeth bared , snarling .
va	PRES	" No I 'll quit because you don 't respect me , " I spat .
va	PAST	She scanned the news .
va	PRES	" I suppose I could stay a little longer , " I relent , silently cursing myself for it .
va	PAST	Reuben drifted , caught again in that chapel of the forest canopy gazing up at the stars .
va	PRES	Lucy pulls back and rolls her eyes .
va	PRES	If I got the gist correct , Nicholas believes I can help free you and them from something terrible that is holding you .
va	PAST	He squatted and said , " Hop on . "
va	PAST	The same one that attracted all the tourists and offered a splendid view of Phoenix and the valley below .
va	PRES	A new scar , my second , snakes its way across my skin .
va	PRES	My phone vibrates and my finger trembles as I awaken the screen .
va	PRES	" Okay , remember yesterday at my house when you went berserk after you saw her wearing your chain ? "
va	PRES	She was astonished at how much Taya knew , this princess who was renowned only for her interest in casual diversions .
va	PRES	" I have no lover , " she spat .
va	PAST	Jackson scowled , folded his arms over his chest and stared at the bulls in the field across from them .
va	PAST	As a fluttering woman draped her in a gown with too many frills and caked her face with too much paint .
va	PAST	My legs parted involuntarily as another finger joined the first one , and his movements grew rougher and more urgent .
va	PRES	But no woman in either of the guest chairs waiting to see him .
va	PAST	Through the black , a glimmer of light sparkled .
va	PRES	And now he sends you something in a huge red box .
va	PRES	He strides over , glaring at me because he knows damn well what 's required of him .
va	PRES	I suggest you all decide on a time for these presentations and let me know .
va	PAST	Grady rehearsed a few of his favorite kung-fu moves .
va	PRES	He pulls his cheek to the side sarcastically .
va	PRES	" Oh , chocolate pools flatter my wretchedness .
va	PAST	She straightened her spine and held her ground .
va	PRES	However , I manage to remain in my seat and keep my hands to myself .
va	PAST	He scowled and dropped to one knee to avoid a bolt of lightning , which grazed his spiked hair and made it stand up even more .
va	PAST	Even though no one had been able to see me thus far , I only peeked into the room beyond .
va	PAST	My mind raced as I jumped to conclusions .
va	PRES	Won 't you , Bertram ? "
va	PRES	I accidentally growl through gritted teeth .
va	PAST	We all straightened our spines , sitting up and doing our best to look like -- like what ?
va	PRES	A jolt of pain runs through my arm and I skid to my knees , gritting my teeth .
va	PRES	" We understand , Zeus .
va	PRES	His voice pulls my gaze back to his lips .
va	PAST	But then he rapped it down onto the table .
va	PAST	Having dressed , the jasmine woman straightened up and spared one last benevolent look , which he dismissed with a turned back .
va	PAST	The pilot grimaced , but said , " What Nurse Chan wants , Nurse Chan gets .
va	PRES	Straker provides bottled water for us .
va	PAST	Her need beckoned him , she felt his hand , and still he made no move to possess .
va	PRES	We tend to equate free will with the product rather than the passion .
va	PRES	The window wipers danced back and forth , clearing the rain drops long enough to let the next droplets splash into their place .
va	PAST	Tapestry lapped at the cool water , grateful , despite the hint of tobacco that lingered in the glass .
va	PAST	A muscle flexed in his jaw .
va	PRES	" Ta da . "
va	PRES	Besides , he repairs the watches and jewellery . "
va	PAST	Her chest expanded with each panted breath she took .
va	PRES	One struggles to his feet , while the other charges .
va	PAST	He embraced her , laughing .
va	PRES	" And dimple . "
va	PRES	I raise my hand gently stroking to his cheek .
va	PAST	Tia cursed on the line , her voice starting to fuzz as I hobbled away from the hotel .
va	PRES	He responds to my silent call .
va	PAST	" And the chemical controls should be right where I come out , " she clarified , wishing she knew hand speech as the TED nodded .
va	PAST	I moaned as I felt my ankle twisted .
va	PAST	She flushed at his facetious tone .
va	PAST	Abigail flushed bright pink and looked away , out the window .
va	PAST	" And good riddance , eh ?
va	PRES	He slips beside me .
va	PRES	" Thank you , Sabrina .
va	PRES	It matters very much . "
va	PRES	His fingers release my wrist when we get to the bike .
va	PAST	She still introduced herself with it .
va	PRES	When they think of you as a stone cold , rampaging beast , they tend to leave you alone .
va	PAST	The zombie dug its bony fingers into him , and Matt could hear the gasping sound it made before it would sink its teeth in .
va	PRES	He pulls the mouth of the bag open , then carefully pours its contents into the pan on the left .
va	PAST	About an hour later , Diana marched toward to camp to find Tasha and Jake , holding pen and paper .
va	PAST	Claire wrote it down .
va	PRES	My breath catches in my throat , and I close my eyes , choosing each word carefully .
va	PRES	The news squeezes my chest , and my voice waivers .
va	PAST	He escorted us to the Court Room where the trials would take place .
va	PRES	" Sydney Sage . "
va	PAST	I idly noted in passing that all the rights fell to the groom , and the duties and obligations were the bride 's domain .
va	PAST	They belonged together , both honest , both good .
va	PAST	They rode past a busy lumber camp on the river .
va	PRES	" Surprised and a little embarrassed , but not turned off . "
va	PAST	His eyes also avoided mine .
va	PRES	I struggle to tell myself that at least I am alive , and that perhaps one day I will be beyond his clutches .
va	PAST	Iain commanded his muscles to move , but they all stayed locked in place , rigid and unyielding .
va	PRES	She tosses her keys to the valet and we find ourselves standing on the front steps .
va	PAST	Her mother patted her cheek encouragingly .
va	PAST	From the moment Morris and I explained what had happened , anger and tension seeped into every room in the sprawling house .
va	PRES	" Please don 't let anything spook you .
va	PAST	He hummed in approval and moved one hand to cup the back of my neck while the other snaked around my middle , pulling me closer .
va	PAST	As she lay on her back , Gabby noted dully that there were way too many stars in a too bright , out-of-focus sky .
va	PRES	He rests his forehead against mine .
va	PRES	But this ghost ... ' ' I 'm off to see an expert .
va	PRES	You don 't have the proof to say she 's innocent , " Maria rages on .
va	PAST	My insanity raged against reality .
va	PAST	Harry snickered a little at the dealer 's comment but cut it off at Gavin 's frown .
va	PAST	She peeked around Josef .
va	PAST	Percival and Violet clamored over broken trees , through splintered branches and hit the ground running again .
va	PAST	" If you climb up on t ' shed t ' bathroom window 's in easy reach but that were shut .
va	PRES	She rolls off the bed and drags herself into the bathroom .
va	PAST	Link scrambled to his feet , but I looked away .
va	PAST	I wrote the script .
va	PAST	My tongue slicked against his , my movements more fierce than practiced .
va	PAST	He arched his hips , pressing into her flesh in just the right way so that she cried out .
va	PRES	His dark hair creates a shadow over his eyes .
va	PRES	" Every part of my body aches . "
va	PRES	I kick my boots off , one foot at a time , and join him .
va	PRES	Makes me shiver . "
va	PRES	After all , doesn 't " time heal all wounds ? "
va	PRES	" Uh huh . "
va	PAST	His forehead creased as he ran the tips of his fingers down his face .
va	PRES	And to make amends she continues to explain .
va	PAST	A computer genius , he developed computer games that had started the Hudson Corporation on its way to becoming a company worth billions . "
va	PRES	Blinding streaks of red light emerges from the writings .
va	PRES	My eyes dart across the selection of dry pastas .
va	PRES	" Were ... were you spying on me ? "
va	PRES	Now damn you , Rhys .
va	PRES	' Hello , gentlemen , and to what do I owe the pleasure . '
va	PRES	He tosses a look at our mother .
va	PAST	Duncan popped his head into her office .
va	PRES	" It matters a lot .
va	PAST	Her mouth parted to speak but Will 's expression steeled her .
va	PAST	To his surprise , Marjorie blushed , which struck him as quite endearing .
va	PRES	through enlarged photographs and professionally typed explanations of what they were seeing .
va	PAST	He scowled at Bryce , who had just walked into Incandescent Body with the news .
va	PAST	The others had sacked out in a bunk room at the back of the ranger station .
va	PRES	Dina waits until I 've taken a sip before adding , " The baby did . "
va	PAST	Wesley commented , smiling at his XO .
va	PRES	We ´ re their guests .
va	PRES	Lots of equipment covers the walls .
va	PAST	He dug through the pain and tried to call out to her telepathically , even though it hadn 't worked in a long time .
va	PAST	A storm raged outside the windows the likes of which I 'd seen once or twice before .
va	PRES	Although I can 't see how she views Nellie as anything but absolutely perfect .
va	PRES	Sophia 's gaze lowers to my resume as I 'm speaking .
va	PRES	" Pushed them into a pile just on the other side of those pines you planted along our north property line .
va	PAST	Since becoming friends with Jake and then later making his first million , women tended to throw themselves at him but none really provided an intelligent conversation .
va	PAST	Oliver staggered down the hall , pulling me along with him toward the locker room .
va	PRES	The crayon quivers in his hand .
va	PAST	The night air chilled my skin but sweat warmed it up again .
va	PRES	The professor spat out my hair , grabbed my ass , and started pulling me up and down on his slick rod , but I was done .
va	PAST	Her hands twined in her lap .
va	PAST	I scanned his face as I asked him .
va	PAST	I need to know about everything , Ancient One , ' he disagreed .
va	PRES	He shrugs his shoulders .
va	PAST	She melted against him but he pulled away .
va	PRES	I trade pages with Robbie .
va	PRES	Our neighborhood blooms year-round .
va	PAST	Fury sharpened his voice .
va	PRES	" Thank you , Colonel .
va	PAST	He arched an eyebrow .
va	PAST	Rif scurried behind a thicket , and away from the heat of battle and fire .
va	PRES	She slaps her thighs .
va	PRES	" But - " " Do it , " he commands and swats my butt as he pushes me away .
va	PAST	This slow sadness seeped through my veins .
va	PRES	The bearer of gifts enjoys watching the receiver unwrap the present almost as much as selecting it . "
va	PRES	The metal braces on his legs rattled and clicked as he locked them into place .
va	PRES	" Man ... This fuckin ' blows . "
va	PAST	The hallway ended in a high wooden door , reinforced with strips of iron riveted in place .
va	PRES	I suggest you fix it , before I fix all of you .
va	PRES	" Is it Mel ?
va	PRES	" Stoney Winston ; I told you . "
va	PAST	" Oh , it belonged to my brother Lucas !
va	PAST	I logged into my email service and groaned when I saw how many unread emails awaited .
va	PAST	He tore his mouth away to tug his gloves off with his teeth .
va	PAST	The tips of his fangs poked out from behind blood-stained lips .
va	PAST	When Melissa shook her head with disappointment , I conceded , eyes rolling to the ceiling .
va	PAST	The ' slim-fit ' suit demonstrated that .
va	PAST	" Don 't worry about it , " Bird One said , unable to mask the slight twinge of irritation in his voice .
va	PAST	He straightened his shoulders back .
va	PAST	He scanned the far horizon , hoping that miserable little cantina would appear to him soon .
va	PAST	He silently vowed to stop asking Mary Ellen such intimate questions .
va	PRES	Now I intend to ruin yours . "
va	PRES	He pulls on a pair of baggy sweats that hang low and give the most amazing view of his abs .
va	PRES	A tear escapes one eye and she seems startled by it .
va	PRES	He picks up one of the bigger maps .
va	PAST	A mutual friend introduced us months ago .
va	PAST	She marched up to the door , ready to tear it off its hinges .
va	PAST	With purpose , Kincaid reinforced the barrier between the two of them and the world .
va	PRES	A kiss good-bye ? "
va	PAST	The skin swelled and darkened .
va	PRES	" Fine , " Henry says , rol ing his eyes .
va	PRES	He only talks ' bout trains . "
va	PAST	The Body Guard fired repeatedly at Xavier .
va	PRES	Which ... " " Isn 't necessarily good for us . "
va	PAST	I flexed my hand .
va	PAST	" Come out , coward , " he commanded .
va	PAST	He yanked it away and hid it in his armpit before she could get a hold of it .
va	PRES	No fetishes or crazy piercings .
va	PRES	Surprisingly , Alice doesn 't get angry , just rolls her eyes and , without any self-consciousness at all , whips off her ruined shirt .
va	PRES	he growls , catching a handful of my blonde hair in his hand and turning me to face him .
va	PAST	" How 'd ya do Miss. " Haddington introduced them and finished introducing everybody else .
va	PAST	As he rounded the sofa , a noise halted them .
va	PAST	She noted this with apparent amusement , and flicked her long tongue at his mouth with playful frequency .
va	PAST	Spencer clapped her hands .
va	PAST	When he reached her , he linked his arm with hers .
va	PRES	A basketball player who only has to go to Big and Tall stores that we even have here in southeastern Washington .
va	PAST	Jack flinched a bit .
va	PRES	A flutter of excitement and nerves trembles in my stomach .
va	PAST	" I 'm leaving , " I mouthed , not making a sound .
va	PAST	Even in the shadows , Elizabeth noted how his hand shook .
va	PAST	When we got to my room , Katie dug through my dresser and pulled out a pale pink sweater .
va	PRES	I hover at the window , looking at the road outside .
va	PRES	His expression hardened as he spoke .
va	PAST	Flashing teeth latched around Josh 's leg .
va	PRES	He believes that nothing is arranged , but everything is an arrangement .
va	PAST	Echo 's heart still raced as she relived the short battle in her mind .
va	PRES	I suggest you make your choice quickly . "
va	PRES	" Joshua Hammond ! "
va	PAST	Kelly snatched the glass out of his hands before he could indulge further and walked out of the room .
va	PRES	And don " t you dare kill me . "
va	PAST	He cupped the back of her neck and massaged lightly , letting the mass of her silky hair engulf his hand as well as his senses .
va	PAST	He would be careful , he vowed .
va	PAST	Tired of torturing himself tonight , he pivoted away and walked back out to the living room .
va	PRES	If our murderers are caught , it provides some sense of justice .
va	PRES	" Tommy Hammond here .
va	PAST	I resisted the urge to self-consciously touch my shoulder length hair and steeled myself for whatever was about to happen .
va	PRES	Too many progress reports .
va	PRES	" He also tells me things are running smoothly at the ranch . "
va	PAST	A wide grin encompassed the older man 's face .
va	PAST	Neil dried off and dressed in the sticky heat of the shower room and went into the locker room to drop his uniform off .
va	PRES	Cricket pats his pockets for his house key .
va	PAST	Thomas grimaced , gave me a hesitant glance , and then said , " We 've got several . "
va	PAST	She fished it out of her purse with shaking hands .
va	PAST	" Bishop wrote me . "
va	PRES	A bulletproof , heavily armored and reinforced Ferrari .
va	PRES	He usually wakes up in fifty to sixty minutes , but feels more refreshed when he gets an hour and a half .
va	PAST	She fixed her eyes on the palace and abandoned her careful pace , running as fast as she dared .
va	PRES	Once her basket is full , she sets off for her nesting tree .
va	PAST	I scowled back , no longer able to hide my anger .
va	PAST	Her moans intensified once again .
va	PRES	Inwardly , I cringe .
va	PRES	" It matters . "
va	PRES	" Anything worthwhile ? "
va	PAST	It reeled and almost toppled with him , but somehow he kept it upright .
va	PRES	I defy you , will always resist you and I bind you to this spot ! "
va	PAST	Then the world erupted .
va	PRES	He tucks it into his pocket and shuts his eyes , like he thought he just lost an arm .
va	PRES	And now ... Think about how I felt .
va	PAST	She commanded convent security .
va	PAST	I simply resolved that I wasn 't about to lose Sofia .
va	PRES	Nobody tells me anything , least of all my mom . "
va	PRES	It reminds me of Dorset , although there are definite differences . "
va	PRES	" To Gaius ? "
va	PRES	She really believes this stuff .
va	PRES	" Bacon or peanut butter ? "
va	PAST	He shuddered , pumping himself into her heat , and his eyes closed .
va	PAST	She appreciated the architecture ; she even smiled .
va	PRES	Pinning him down with my foot , I raise the brick again .
va	PAST	He surveyed the late afternoon crowd , looking from face to face , making quick mental calculations about who was about to have a lucky day .
va	PAST	It all fed into her thoughts , mingling with every memory , every heartache , every slight , every misery .
va	PAST	I accelerated until I was going ten over the speed limit , but the driver of the SUV kept pace with me .
va	PAST	His face flushed with reluctant desire .
va	PRES	She buries her face into my shirt , ashamed .
va	PAST	Blue straightened and slowly looked at them .
va	PRES	His hands hover over the wheel as if he wants to hit it , but he doesn 't .
va	PRES	" These humans owe allegiance to the king of Mississippi . "
va	PRES	Instead she runs with her heart in her throat .
va	PRES	Before me stands brick walls , stretching above my small head , encircling the entire city .
va	PRES	I bonded with him because he saved my life ... twice .
va	PRES	" In general , I grant you .
va	PAST	" I haven 't heard it , " Will interjected .
va	PRES	He bites his lip and follows me to the baking aisle .
va	PAST	She bats her eyelashes as she looks up at me .
va	PAST	His systems were kept up to date and well-maintained , his vigilance never truly abated .
va	PRES	Lower than trumpets ... I wonder if it is because they can be longer , all curled up like that .
va	PRES	" And River ? "
va	PRES	I manage to balance on two thin branches a little below her .
va	PAST	A strange sense of knowing , of destiny , rippled through his mind .
va	PAST	Soraya coughed to get their attention .
va	PAST	Cece buttoned up her marigold yellow sweater and huddled into her down vest .
va	PAST	The Cossacks fired several volleys at the Turkish cavalry .
va	PRES	Making it possible for Amanda to have everything she desires .
va	PRES	" Also , I tend to monitor police broadcasts .
va	PAST	Lily splayed her hand across my chest .
va	PRES	Candles imply intimacy and that is not somewhere I can go , not now , in truth , probably not ever .
va	PRES	" You did , Hades .
va	PAST	She clapped her hands together .
va	PAST	Disappointment crackled over me and I sat up , swinging my legs over the bed .
va	PRES	The way he speaks .
va	PAST	' Tama is the Native-American word for thunderbolt , ' she informed him with a flirty little smile .
va	PRES	A flip switches in my mind .
va	PAST	Without warning he yanked the back door open and tossed Tori out .
va	PRES	" A favour ? "
va	PAST	The back of his coat parted with his movements , gifting her with a nice view of him .
va	PAST	Pressed skin to skin , she snuggled against him .
va	PAST	She trotted quickly toward the door and pushed her head against the bottom section .
va	PRES	A localized tornado ? "
va	PRES	" And he never uses the same place twice , " Nathan adds .
va	PAST	Abbey and Serena introduced themselves and welcomed him into the room .
va	PAST	I whirled around to find the real Patch standing in the fitting room behind me .
va	PRES	Darwin drops straight down into the clouds .
va	PAST	He concentrated on the empty void and freed his subconscious to make the connections .
va	PAST	I could hide in the bushes and stare at people -- God , I just creeped myself out .
va	PRES	The look consists of perfectly styled hair , designer clothes , and Gucci leather loafers with no socks .
va	PAST	She peeked out carefully and saw Sam standing at the end of the lunch counter , scanning the restaurant .
va	PRES	He angrily spit on the floor with disgust , like just the thought of him made him sick .
va	PAST	She straightened up , pressing a hand to her stomach , turning to look over her shoulder at Tom .
va	PRES	" Kinda rude to tear it up . "
va	PRES	I suggest you wait here until you come of age to take the throne .
va	PRES	Are these wine barrels ? "
va	PRES	Kim 's head whips left , then right .
va	PRES	Catching up , Anthony moves with purpose toward a woman , pulling the young girl behind him .
va	PAST	My eyes dart from Zeke to Josh as he opens the passenger door .
va	PAST	He pivoted , and saw a woman leaning over the railing of a gorilla exhibit a few yards away .
va	PAST	You - " Biting back the rest , she counted to ten before continuing .
va	PRES	He lowers his arm and starts dancing with me , spinning me until I laugh .
va	PAST	Instead , her own cheeks warmed , and without another word , she turned for the smaller bedroom and shut the door .
va	PRES	' When I heard the wolf 's skull cracking ' . "
va	PAST	I dug my nails into his back and used his lips to silence the scream that wanted to come out when he pushed me over the edge .
va	PAST	Her soft , dark , brown hair grew matted with sweat as the make-up people raced about in a flurry .
va	PRES	" Can 't see as how there 's much we can do except wait and see , " rattled Buck .
va	PAST	A wave of relief flooded over me as we smiled and laughed .
va	PAST	Andy patted his school bag .
va	PRES	He bends and kisses me and everything really does feel like it will be fine .
va	PAST	Her body melted beneath his touch .
va	PAST	She whimpered her pleasure as he had them pressing harder and harder circles with their fingers .
va	PAST	He coughs on his drink and shakes his head .
va	PRES	He moves like he 's stalking prey , slowly , methodically .
va	PAST	The pink tips lured him ba - " You 're ignoring the big picture .
va	PAST	His lips feathered over them with trembling kisses .
va	PAST	Mary poked her head in .
va	PRES	" Relationships , " she clarified .
va	PAST	He beckoned me over and threw a handful of sausages to me , then speared a fresh batch and stuck them over the flames .
va	PAST	He swatted at a mosquito that was whining its way around his ear .
va	PAST	The Crushers fired at cross trajectories , doing impressive damage to an innocent herd of howitzers and an unsuspecting Abrams tank .
va	PAST	I straightened to my full height and mustered all the courage I had to keep myself from running away from this stranger .
va	PAST	He avoided her eyes as he pulled his wallet from his back pocket and threw some bills on the bar .
va	PRES	I arch an eyebrow , waiting for his reaction , anything to suggest that he might return her feelings .
va	PAST	Life Inside " What 's it like Lina ? "
va	PAST	He flexed his fingers , taking deep , slow , controlled breaths , just as his father had taught him .
va	PRES	Danny realizes he should have given Elijah and Julia the dinner reservations .
va	PAST	He shouldered the door open , then laid her down on the bed .
va	PRES	The curse ... " " Won " t come between us again . "
va	PRES	Sometimes by chance he creates a wonderful work of art that transcends all his conventional efforts .
va	PRES	She feeds him well and takes good care of him .
va	PRES	It burns like acid !
va	PAST	An explosion of applause and cheers erupted from the crowd of recruits .
va	PRES	" Then go , gunslinger .
va	PAST	" Because I wanted to keep them occupied and out of our hair . "
va	PAST	" I hope your next instructions work out a little better than your last plan , " she complained .
va	PAST	He slowly parted his large hands , concentrating a bridged beam of light between his fingers .
va	PAST	" You will do no such thing , " his father threatened , but Matthew could see that the older man had lost the fight in him .
va	PAST	While everyone milled around looking for him , Jeanne edged close to Maggie .
va	PRES	Something tells me he 's going to show up at some point . "
va	PRES	Still , I pursue him .
va	PAST	His mouth wrestled with mine .
va	PRES	Chapter 21 - Greenhouse Dawn breaks over St. Lucy quickly and brightly , as if a celestial light switch had been flipped on .
va	PAST	Millions of aliens flooded in and there were millions here already .
va	PAST	The cortical implant maintained a steady-state level of stimulation , tailored to each child 's ability .
va	PAST	Face twisted with rage , Vince launched himself into the fray .
va	PAST	" Maybe you 'd better go see the place , " Phoebe cautioned .
va	PAST	Arron 's brows arched and his grip on Aiden tightened .
va	PRES	" All the operators at their screens .
va	PRES	" What about marks ? "
va	PRES	He reads complicated philosophy books written by people with names I can 't pronounce and watches tons of angry political documentaries .
va	PRES	Again , Driver ignores the question .
va	PAST	Jolene fished her phone out of her purse and dialed Michael 's cell phone .
va	PRES	" Would you prefer that I talk to someone else on the orchestra staff about this ? "
va	PRES	I raise an eyebrow , but do as he asks .
va	PAST	" This is only going to take a day , " assured the police chief .
va	PRES	" Sounds like a Budweiser commercial .
va	PRES	Like a mighty fire , they quickly consume whatever is fed them .
va	PRES	Then , once they were in some weird formation , the front vehicle emitted a sound .
va	PAST	He moaned , wincing as she pulled him as far away as he could go .
va	PRES	" Um , chums , do I -- oh .
va	PRES	Sabine pats his hands , then rises .
va	PRES	CHAPTER EIGHT " Tell me a secret , " I whispered in her ear .
va	PRES	Lips curling up in a snarl , the man on the beach growls .
va	PRES	' Have you been a priest long , Dios ? '
va	PAST	Neal 's head dipped toward hers .
va	PAST	She peeked into the dining room .
va	PRES	" Who cares ? "
va	PRES	After all , no matter what you do , for good or bad , everyone ends up dead in the end .
va	PAST	Isabelle snatched it off , scowling .
va	PAST	If this were Astrid , could you tell her no ? "
va	PAST	Her heart stuttered then lurched into a wild rhythm .
va	PAST	Daniel arched his back to give his arms room to move and punched Dryden twice in the ribs .
va	PAST	At the sound of his name he trotted over and lay at my feet .
va	PRES	When my hands collide with the water and smack it , droplets spray in every direction .
va	PRES	I hated crowds and having eyes upon me .
va	PAST	But no answer presented itself .
va	PRES	She speaks only in Stellar whenever she does speak .
va	PRES	Do you not agree , Mrs Lyon ? "
va	PRES	" Little baby , " the woman spat .
va	PAST	I resolved that I would spend more time with him .
va	PAST	She flailed against them , slapping wildly until both her wrists were shackled with fingers that felt like iron bands and pinned down to the bed .
va	PRES	" Sounds like a plan .
va	PAST	But once again , shadows obscured the fresco .
va	PRES	When her car travels down the street , Trystan pulls out the cell that Mari gave him .
va	PAST	The lightning bolt of panic crashed over him hard .
va	PRES	Tangled in his net , I regretted my ignorance in thinking our love could be calculated and tweaked like a formula .
va	PAST	She flushed , looking away .
va	PAST	He erupted from the water a moment later , scrubbing hard at his skin , a disgusted look on his face .
va	PAST	Emma 's hand fluttered to her collarbone and she shrugged helplessly .
va	PAST	I sue drug companies all the time when they put out harmful products . "
va	PAST	I cursed , ducking back into my alley , gripping my rifle tight and sweating .
va	PAST	Mike ~ March 20th We spent the day getting organized , everything we have , everything we need , what we need to get .
va	PRES	He pulls out a walkie-talkie .
va	PRES	" Bruce , where is he , " I repeat .
va	PRES	Then he blacked out .
va	PAST	When I asked my father for a few years to be on my own , he granted me one .
va	PRES	He picks up a picture frame from the bookcase next to him .
va	PRES	" Am I interrupting ? "
va	PAST	Two tiny white handprints marked her cheeks when he released her .
va	PRES	The mere thought of Kylie sends a thousand of desires , wants and regrets flowing through me .
va	PAST	Then she whirled away from the window and raced from the room .
va	PRES	" So ... were you here visiting someone ? "
va	PAST	" I don 't know what to advise you , " Renny expressed .
va	PRES	Scar instantly hid behind the dim , vine garden as we peeked at the dining room .
va	PAST	Demons masquerading as men materialized out of nowhere , yelling diabolically .
va	PAST	Dee wiggled under Daemon 's glare .
va	PAST	Wings fluttered above her , no two quite the same .
va	PAST	He commanded , sounding as if he 'd lost the spark that was flying in the hall .
va	PAST	I slide my arms into the sleeves , pulling it around me .
va	PRES	' They debate it a lot .
va	PRES	I suck at names , but I remember you . "
va	PRES	Not for him the primitive technologies of grainy and out of focus slideshows or a few rough trinkets to woo his listeners .
va	PRES	" Whatever you decide , I 'm with you , Tammie , " Devon squeezes her close to him and caresses her back .
va	PAST	He puffed out his chest .
va	PRES	None of that matters right now .
va	PAST	Damien 's head popped up from the lake surface behind her with a splash .
va	PRES	Cowboy Bob moves us back to May of 2001 on our first jump .
va	PRES	He pulls a ring of keys from his pocket and studies each one .
va	PRES	Chapter One Isabelle He begged me not to walk out the door .
va	PAST	The portal , suddenly charged with a different sort of energy , crackled with what appeared to be red lightning .
va	PRES	" Two hours and fifty-five minutes , Roar . "
va	PAST	He rapped on the door until it opened .
va	PAST	Memories raced through my mind .
va	PRES	" Once a year she bends the laws and sends a handful up .
va	PRES	Rachel scratched her arm .
va	PAST	He dips his head like an old-fashioned cowboy , like something that belongs in a razor commercial or a cologne ad .
va	PAST	Beneath the dripping brim of his hat , Bax 's eyes surveyed the street , his expression darkening to match the weather .
te	PRES	She keeps glancing at Ervin 's fins as they swim .
te	PRES	" In a moment , " the Professor replies without looking away from the television .
te	PAST	Are you kidding ? "
te	PAST	Insane laughter suddenly resounded throughout the house .
te	PAST	And ever the sky rained down fire and noise .
te	PAST	She choked out a laugh and backed up even further .
te	PAST	Devon kisses her softly on the lips .
te	PAST	He swore me to secrecy .
te	PRES	" No worries . "
te	PRES	" How about some ginger ale ? "
te	PAST	His hard smile belied his anger .
te	PAST	Thoughts of Francis plagued him .
te	PAST	I licked my finger and tried to dampen the stain , but instead made it horrifyingly worse .
te	PRES	She chases after it , screaming at anyone who gets too close to it .
te	PAST	Gavin 's face crinkled as he tried to figure that one out .
te	PAST	I choked on my eggs , bits and pieces spewing from my mouth and nose .
te	PAST	Carson exchanged a worried look with Margery .
te	PAST	" I never would 've guessed . "
te	PRES	" He eats plenty .
te	PAST	We punched our order into the wall unit , and soon Molly , a cute blond , brought our drinks and scampered away .
te	PAST	His love enveloped her , wrapping around her , easing the torture of her soul as only he could do .
te	PRES	Megan continues asking questions .
te	PAST	Without putting up a fight , Alex complied .
te	PRES	No more surprises , no more challenges to overcome .
te	PRES	" The Queen ? "
te	PRES	" The Source ? "
te	PAST	" I just want to hear about what high school was like , " I soothed him , keeping my voice even .
te	PRES	Someone puts it in your mind and you see it . "
te	PRES	I stumble over to lean on the closest car , a mumble of " thank God " slipping through my lips .
te	PRES	Walk around if you want . "
te	PRES	He leans down so his eyes are level with mine , smiling .
te	PRES	' Who the hell keeps that kind of thing in his house ? '
te	PAST	Ty licked his lips , meeting Zane 's eyes .
te	PAST	When he rose from the coffin , his face belied strained irritation .
te	PAST	she roared , her voice booming across the land .
te	PAST	Those milking contractions propelled him to his own climax .
te	PRES	The puff of air from my splat gun iced through me .
te	PAST	Understanding crept over her face , followed by urgency .
te	PAST	It roared through her , filling the room .
te	PRES	She spends all her time in the archives .
te	PRES	" You remaining silent , of course . "
te	PRES	" You 're not my dad , " I mumble into the pillow .
te	PAST	He smiles when he sees me , his short silver beard sparkles under the lights .
te	PAST	Vinnie , Reacher guessed .
te	PAST	Before Nate could answer , a raised voice echoed down the corridor .
te	PRES	Instantly I envisioned a massive explosion , clouds of smoke and debris mushrooming higher , endlessly higher .
te	PRES	He shakes the heat off his hand after pointing to a paperback bodice ripper .
te	PAST	He apologized to those he had disturbed and stumbled off , with his legs still half-asleep , in search of an open space in the crowded pen .
te	PRES	Petals from the branch above graze her hair .
te	PRES	His blood flows through our veins .
te	PAST	Said the eyes of Miss Blackie as she began to rearrange her fur with her tongue .
te	PAST	He eased back from the scene , keeping Cassidy in his sights .
te	PAST	Every crunch of snow beneath my boot grated my nerves .
te	PAST	Besides , I suddenly craved a lousy cup of coffee to wash down the grapefruit and guava and figured where else was I going to find one ?
te	PAST	" I sneaked out of the house , and we met in my mother 's garden .
te	PAST	The toe of her shoe tapped against the marble floor .
te	PRES	The man keeps going .
te	PAST	My mouth watered and I hated the idea of giving it away and eating a crusty granola bar .
te	PAST	Muscles in his jaw twitched .
te	PAST	A good question , to be sure , he mused as he pondered what his answer would be .
te	PAST	The spaceship sustained minor damage , but continued to ascend while the damaged ramp finished closing .
te	PRES	Rachel , now the preferred spokesperson , at least on the part of this machine , replies , " Ich dest origin , the earth . "
te	PRES	But - " " C " mon , Fred .
te	PRES	" Only if you 'll call me Billy . "
te	PRES	She decides to make the best use of the gas and time and get other needed groceries and supplies from the store .
te	PAST	His eyes misted , but he didn 't say anything .
te	PRES	" Emotional stress , frustration , annoying sounds , certain strong smells ... all of this can cause them . "
te	PRES	She sips her coffee .
te	PRES	She grabs my phone off the bed and walks toward the door .
te	PRES	" Okay , so we didn ´ t win !
te	PAST	He drank coffee and waited on his guest .
te	PAST	I deserved that for my snarky comment .
te	PRES	As soon as the projection screen appears , the man straightens up in his seat and his head blocks my view of the screen .
te	PAST	He exuded raw masculine power from the tips of his thousand dollar loafers , to the cut of his expertly done hair .
te	PRES	She tugs on my arm , ignoring me .
te	PAST	I wobbled at first , but kept myself balanced against the wall .
te	PAST	Michelle guessed that Sandra was probably very successful now .
te	PRES	He clicks his mandible in fastidious dismay , but to his credit , he does not pursue the matter further .
te	PRES	Cooks , cleans , keeps me in threads ; and he keeps my computer updated too .
te	PAST	And a truth ripped through him and left him bleeding .
te	PAST	" I spoke with Aster on my way here , " Jason recounted , sickened by the news that the vagrant had perished .
te	PAST	Daniel blocked it with an open palm and pushed the hand higher .
te	PRES	When Ty stood , though , his head swam , and he wavered .
te	PRES	" And your nose , " Mary pipes in .
te	PAST	She had to find him , everything depended on it .
te	PAST	The words echoed in her mind , creating havoc in her heart .
te	PAST	After a third fork , she spotted an opening door ahead .
te	PRES	" Your hard limits . "
te	PAST	Order the rebuilding completed immediately . "
te	PAST	She batted her eyelashes .
te	PRES	Lexie walks me up the narrow path between the trees on the blackened road .
te	PRES	" A lover ? "
te	PAST	Makes talking to you dashed difficult sometimes . "
te	PAST	Kylie recalled Hannah saying that it could have been Blake who killed her .
te	PRES	And all your amazing qualities . "
te	PAST	" I overheard some of your conversation with the barmaid .
te	PAST	He tapped the screen in annoyance .
te	PRES	They clink then crawl towards my naked face .
te	PAST	Only the slight rise and fall of her chest indicated that she was even alive still .
te	PRES	He pauses , rubbing the cat 's chin .
te	PRES	He laughs and clears his plate , putting it in the sink .
te	PRES	I lick my lips , my body already tingling in anticipation .
te	PRES	" To serve the stars .
te	PAST	A fire sprang to life in the hearth .
te	PRES	I move my hips against him , breathless as the familiar tension builds inside me .
te	PRES	I glare at her .
te	PRES	Lennox drives his car into the warehouse , carefully manoeuvring through the narrow opening .
te	PAST	Kurt chewed on that for a second .
te	PAST	Then I canceled that order , also mentally .
te	PRES	He keeps step with me and stays close .
te	PRES	My sister keeps me up-to-date on what 's going on at the garage .
te	PRES	Where it counts . "
te	PRES	I ´ m probably hoping they ´ ll take me serious .
te	PRES	" Video games ? "
te	PAST	She pursed her lips .
te	PAST	We signed with a bigger record label and had to stay out of trouble .
te	PRES	" Did the bastards complain ? "
te	PAST	He respected him deeply , both as a lawyer and as a man .
te	PRES	Everything she 'd done for me , the laughs she 'd given me and the way her face lit up when she smiled .
te	PRES	" Sure beats bales of tinfoil ! "
te	PAST	" It means nothing at all , " he contradicted .
te	PAST	Going inside , he tested the chains to make sure it wasn 't a trick .
te	PAST	Staffan 's fist punched the closet door so hard it went flying , its glass front crashing against the wall .
te	PRES	He sits at a desk , his back to me , writing .
te	PAST	It then dawned on me that the only row I could find a seat in turned out to be the front row of the choir .
te	PAST	" There was a lot of vampire hunting going on back in the early seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , " he remarked .
te	PRES	Finally he decides that he was going in .
te	PAST	" Iss in my closet , " I mumble , crawling for the closet door .
te	PAST	Their footsteps echoed as they trailed me .
te	PRES	I gather the clothes that I shed from the countertop , and exit the bathroom , nearly bumping into Crewe .
te	PAST	" Understood , " they all echoed back .
te	PAST	The man shivered and shook .
te	PAST	He breached the gap between our mouths , his warm lips brushing over mine , tingles rushing south .
te	PRES	He crosses the room in two strides .
te	PRES	Three jocks and one nerd .
te	PAST	She viewed him with suspicion .
te	PRES	James and I exchange a look , but ultimately we get of the car .
te	PAST	As far as the two of them were concerned , no one else in the world existed .
te	PAST	It 'd have to be something cheap , that 's all , he concluded .
te	PRES	But quick -- just a peck , really . "
te	PRES	Pierre cautiously walks over to Jon .
te	PAST	Neil captured her hand and held it to his face .
te	PRES	" Feeling any better , genius ? "
te	PAST	She wedged her slinky form into a bright red dress .
te	PRES	So many people counting on you .
te	PRES	Then he puts the car in drive and pulls out of the parking space .
te	PAST	' What do you mean he is refusing , ' she snarled .
te	PAST	Leo 's face drooped and his eyes turned incredulous .
te	PAST	And when Mark put it around his neck , he swore he felt a small spark .
te	PRES	" First the spells .
te	PRES	Her eyes shone brightly , hopes high .
te	PRES	" Samantha Reed . "
te	PRES	Looking deep into my eyes he grabs my bare ass with his powerful hands , ramming me all the way down that pillar of meat .
te	PAST	He kisses Rebecca 's head and wipes away her tears , but he can 't get her to move away from their dead son .
te	PRES	He raises one dark brow , no doubt wondering what I 'm grinning about .
te	PRES	Disgust twists in my stomach as I watch him counting off rolls of toilet paper and then marking the number on a clipboard .
te	PRES	Lance walks to the window and pulls the silver drapes aside , flooding the room with bright bluish sunlight .
te	PAST	Small details all clicked together with an audible snap .
te	PAST	They quivered with fear like children yearning for their mother 's touch .
te	PRES	" Oh my gosh , Sally . "
te	PAST	An understanding smile crept across Lysander 's face .
te	PRES	The fake monster slit his throat before he even knew there was anything wrong .
te	PRES	The sun grows brighter and the winds have grown sharper , yet still no one comes .
te	PAST	She never drank alcoholic beverages , but wasn 't about to spoil Peter 's good intentions .
te	PAST	He gestured to his brother .
te	PAST	The old hardbound pad creaked when I lifted the cover .
te	PAST	She intended to ask Frank the name of the American agent who had been " killed . "
te	PRES	Rosa keeps it stocked with things in hopes I 'll eat more . "
te	PAST	I clicked on my flashlight and pointed it at the steps below .
te	PAST	They dashed toward each other , swinging ; their weapons clashed together .
te	PAST	" You 're a coward , " Eli snarled , " Squall 's twice the handler you are .
te	PRES	The more you say it , the less believable it becomes . "
te	PAST	I owned this crowd !
te	PAST	Although it is not for want of trying ... " You 're blushing , " Jordan remarked , his eyes smiling into hers .
te	PRES	My head bounces like a melon , and the world dissolves to darkness .
te	PAST	I deserved it , but I didn 't have to enjoy it .
te	PRES	My lips twist up slightly .
te	PAST	He deserved it , after all .
te	PRES	You wan na play ? "
te	PRES	she cries , laughing loudly , she leans over and kisses my cheek , hers eyes beaming with happiness .
te	PAST	Tavi choked out a moment later .
te	PRES	" Are we going to go at this again , Sofia ?
te	PRES	She squint her eyes and puckered her mouth to show him what she meant .
te	PRES	She shakes her head as a mile wide smile spreads over her face .
te	PRES	He spends most of his time tending to the animals and the land around the ranch and hardly any time on himself .
te	PRES	Yet Asher fights me , his arms refusing to let me go , pressing me closer to his chest .
te	PAST	It instantly stirred a fierce rebellion in her mind .
te	PAST	And then he roared out his pleasure .
te	PRES	We swam , napped , and took long walks around the villa , but never ventured out to the bars or beaches or even the boat .
te	PAST	" That 's because I 've never done any real work , " I quipped .
te	PRES	" Firm condo ? "
te	PAST	How could she - She licked her lips .
te	PRES	He sits at the desk with arms on table surface .
te	PRES	Becky clicks on the phone .
te	PAST	Shadows in the night swinging to and fro , as in Africa , a long time ago .
te	PAST	Forcing it to extend even further , it propelled him back upward , but then he stopped it just short of the rooftop 's edge to think .
te	PAST	Without my conscious direction , my hand crept under the neck of my sweatshirt , rubbing the scars .
te	PRES	A shudder rocks through him .
te	PRES	With gathering speed , he swam toward the others who were still delaying , still watching for him .
te	PAST	More dust cascaded and danced down the beams of light .
te	PRES	The woman scowls in return .
te	PRES	My sister Jessica who 's two years older than I am , and our older brothers Liam and David .
te	PRES	A woman in her forties with a distinctive strong chin , definitely Sydney 's mom , walks out of the house and climbs into an SUV .
te	PAST	When Rhys joined them , they all vanished at once into thin air .
te	PAST	Just then , a distant shrill cry echoed down from the sky .
te	PAST	She summoned Selma to her side .
te	PRES	She nods and I carefully lower her feet to the ground .
te	PRES	" So say yes , " Marja said , the answer seeming obvious to her .
te	PRES	At this remark the light flared and rumbled in a deep voice .
te	PRES	" Does the last couple divide the chits ? "
te	PAST	It all depended on the severity of the medical situation .
te	PRES	She shakes her head slowly .
te	PAST	as he aimed at the left man and pulled his trigger several times .
te	PAST	" Yes , Ry , she 's still human , " Callum remarked with strained patience .
te	PAST	She stabbed it toward Ian .
te	PRES	The guy raises his eyebrows again .
te	PAST	Some tested individuals show a marked sensitivity to the card that is being viewed by the reader ; a demonstration of ESP .
te	PAST	His breath hissed out between clenched teeth .
te	PRES	" Pretty darn good . "
te	PRES	The gesture was brutal , the intention clearly murderous .
te	PRES	" Unlike you lot , I actually obey orders from all my commanding officers , not just my queen .
te	PRES	A standard training rule .
te	PAST	Something about the language soothed me , and I hoped it would soothe Violet .
te	PRES	Julian 's eyes flicker .
te	PRES	Johnny 's uncle leans around the back of the chair and grabs my mouth .
te	PRES	" End of the line you old hags , " a mature female 's voice declares .
te	PRES	He leans back in his chair , with a huge smile .
te	PAST	Bertrand gestured to his right and spoke again but it was still too fast for Darcy to follow .
te	PAST	Packed suitcases lined the walls of the hallways and the people inside were waiting patiently to be processed .
te	PAST	His eyes fixated on the window in front of him .
te	PRES	You wan na go get coffee ? "
te	PAST	His face darkened a deeper shade of red and still refused to meet her gaze .
te	PAST	The abrupt end to his transmission to Mace Windu only confirmed his worst fears .
te	PRES	I refuse to do anything in support of violence - even violence condoned by the U.S. government . "
te	PRES	The cardboard smells like incense and grime .
te	PRES	He leans on the side of the table and studies my face .
te	PAST	" Hi , " he greeted and stood as I approached .
te	PRES	He grins , but he 's checking me over , making sure I 'm all right .
te	PRES	She looked up at him , her eyes glowing , then turned and faced the table .
te	PRES	And then Holly whistles .
te	PRES	The longer it goes on , the more puzzled she appears .
te	PAST	Fallon aimed the flashlight at an object that lay on the floor next to the skull .
te	PRES	She leapt washouts and dips in the land .
te	PAST	" Let me go , " she panted .
te	PAST	She owed Scot everything ; it wasn 't his fault she was such a pathetic loser .
te	PRES	She closes her eyes , resigned to trusting James .
te	PRES	He leans against the bar opposite me .
te	PRES	Summer checks with me .
te	PRES	He glances down at his sweaty T-shirt , then peers up at me warily .
te	PRES	He nods as he wipes his greasy hands on a rag .
te	PRES	Battle cries under the two moons .
te	PRES	" The crowds of er ... air . "
te	PAST	My husband strode into the room , checking the kettle on the cook stove .
te	PRES	Jared pul ed me closer , and then leaned his cheek against my hair .
te	PRES	" I pray you 're right . "
te	PRES	Chapter 8 The express train whistled and ran fast across mountains and plains , through tunnels and over bridges .
te	PRES	' You just wish you had the patience to get through a whole book , ' he retorts .
te	PAST	Blood gushed from the three holes .
te	PAST	Mandy observed Jason 's antics with intent curiosity , eyeing the fishing line and responding with a low click whenever it jerked in the water .
te	PAST	Mac tapped his thumb against his thigh , looking off into the distance .
te	PAST	However , the store blocked any view of the outside dining area .
te	PRES	Nicholas laughs as he finishes his marshmallow .
te	PAST	She weighed her options .
te	PAST	He packed up his bags and put them in his car .
te	PAST	I guessed , of course , that it was a note .
te	PAST	Riley directed his warning toward Sam , and I rolled my eyes at his machismo .
te	PRES	" Because you love surprises . "
te	PRES	" Separate checks ? "
te	PRES	' Children replace us when we die .
te	PRES	He shakes his head as he stares at the ground .
te	PAST	Then the tramp stirred unexpectedly and beckoned with his hand for somebody .
te	PAST	A moment later , someone else snarled .
te	PRES	Leaning forward , he kissed her again , an achingly tender brush of his scorched lips across hers .
te	PRES	" Watermelon Festival ? "
te	PAST	His body protested his movements like being underwater and something in the drink gave him a desire for more until the cup came around again .
te	PAST	You holler , ' Hey , lady , lem me - ' " He thought about it for a moment and said , " Nothin ' . "
te	PAST	" You are not Quinn , " he barked .
te	PAST	" Yes , it occurred to me .
te	PRES	" Spill it , Dec !
te	PRES	It only lasts an hour , and you 'll experience some new things for your book . "
te	PRES	" There you are , gentlemen .
te	PAST	The young man cracked his head left and right , loosening up the muscles in his neck and shoulders .
te	PAST	" Typical , " Vader huffed .
te	PAST	A chill slithered up my back .
te	PRES	" No , " he agrees .
te	PRES	I receive another text which I expect to be Elle , but it 's from an unknown number .
te	PAST	She pictured someone deadly but not quite to that extent .
te	PAST	" Simone was like a daughter to me , " he stuttered .
te	PRES	" Other than a case of hysterics , she appears to be unharmed .
te	PRES	The neighbors -- " Her father was okay .
te	PRES	" It scares me for a lot of reasons .
te	PRES	Jacob unloaded the bikes swiftly from the truck bed , wheeling them one by one into the shrubbery where I hid .
te	PAST	Her heart nearly thumped out of her chest as she faced the voice , a man who was only a few feet away from her .
te	PRES	" His prison ? "
te	PAST	He deserved a short knife in the ribs .
te	PAST	The agent pursed his lips around a ripe curse .
te	PRES	The agent replies , " Pierre says he 's a scientist . "
te	PAST	Devon gagged as the burning liquid rushed down her throat .
te	PRES	" Whining , growling , barking , pacing ... pretty much whatever he could do to bug me . "
te	PRES	" Murphy and his brother , Fin . "
te	PRES	" The eagle flies high above the clouds which , at night , hide the moon and the stars from sight .
te	PRES	He keeps shouting that he wants to put you over his knee and spank you , so I decided not to kill him as Lucien instructed .
te	PAST	" He gets so huffy when he 's embarrassed , " Chester remarked after Devlin left .
te	PAST	His gaze flickered to my lips then back up to my face as he tilted his head .
te	PAST	Mary Ellen recalled William has said something similar after their first night at the theatre .
te	PAST	His wisdom stunned her .
te	PAST	It strained its engines trying to flee , but never lashed out at its tormentor .
te	PRES	" Carla I. . .
te	PAST	Michelle tapped her foot .
te	PAST	WPC Stevenson chirped up again .
te	PRES	Rift insists , overwhelmed with confusion .
te	PRES	Madeline 's cheery voice interrupts my thoughts .
te	PAST	I spotted my prey .
te	PRES	His face falters , his brown eyes weary as he rubs at them .
te	PAST	That capability , mixed with his deserved reputation for honesty , earned him respect beyond his years .
te	PRES	" He travels quite a bit for the company , and even more for his personal enjoyment .
te	PAST	He hovered above me , and kissed me with great intensity and passion .
te	PAST	One towel she tossed to Jason ; the other she used to quickly dry her hair .
te	PAST	Every night they withered and died , and every morning they were replaced , as fresh as the day before .
te	PAST	I even ventured among the ruins of lost Gnosis .
te	PRES	" I can handle this , " Vel assures me .
te	PRES	" Ohh , " Sam grins at me .
te	PAST	He just ... didn 't know ... " Devon trailed off .
te	PAST	A vicious four-legged creature blocked the way out .
te	PRES	Then something loosens , and it takes less than a second before I hop on both feet ready to eject myself from the vicinity .
te	PAST	The air stirred around me .
te	PAST	He steeled himself , prepared for anything .
te	PAST	Thomas shivered and decided that it was a word best left unsaid .
te	PAST	At last , he bowed his head in assent .
te	PAST	I signaled the others beneath the sink .
te	PAST	" Yes , I do , " he retorted .
te	PRES	And you Eden , are absolutely forbidden to go anywhere near that trial .
te	PAST	In the end , this habit contributed the evidence in my case .
te	PRES	The impulse travels down a hardwire from his brain to the Last Resort 's fuse .
te	PRES	He nods in return .
te	PAST	Embry pursed his lips , looking surprised .
te	PAST	" His pack is all of London 's wolves , " objected Jem .
te	PRES	She laughs and moves her attention to somewhere else inside the store .
te	PRES	Just below the window a utility pole was on fire , its transformer sputtering and popping sparks like fiery popcorn .
te	PAST	I drank a few sips .
te	PAST	In my rush to get out of the suffocating crowd I fall over , my knees slamming harshly against the ground .
te	PRES	" You too , " I mumble under my breath .
te	PRES	Cade interrupts my thoughts .
te	PAST	Said the Mayor once she had finished , " strange but wondrous tales indeed .
te	PRES	" Well , I was in several actually , " he replies .
te	PRES	That voice now rings in my ears .
te	PAST	My entire future , with no threat of death lurking around the corner any longer .
te	PRES	A fine web of worry lines surrounds his eyes , and there 's a touch of gray in his dark hair .
te	PRES	She finds a slit in the curtain and opens it wide .
te	PRES	" Aidan , hey , It 's me , John !
te	PAST	She intrigued him more by the minute , though he couldn 't pinpoint exactly what it was about her .
te	PAST	' And we 're never going to track down all the drivers who happened to be parked here at that time either , ' lamented the Inspector .
te	PAST	" When you are the one being difficult to start with , yes , " he retorted before thinking .
te	PAST	The farmer 's frantic cries roused his wife .
te	PAST	Abbey stirred at his movement .
te	PRES	Serena rubs one palm across the scratches on her arm , all too aware of the words she told Liam not an hour ago ; I quit .
te	PRES	It shows a picture of a girl hanging off of a pole with the words At Your Service Strippers .
te	PRES	Serena extends her hand toward Cordelia .
te	PRES	Her senses swam with the overload of visual and physical indulgence .
te	PRES	The demon flies straight at me , like an arrow fired from a bow .
te	PRES	' Good grief ! '
te	PAST	With that thought in mind , she examined the trees around her .
te	PRES	Escape routes be damned .
te	PRES	" I ´ m leaving this evening for Havana .
te	PAST	I admired his cleanliness , if nothing else .
te	PRES	" Military issue , actually . "
te	PRES	Some juvenile whale who breached and misjudged the distance between here and there .
te	PRES	Slowly willing himself to grow accustomed to her physical antics , Rift still finds himself staring in a thoughtless stupor every time she appears .
te	PRES	It hovers midway down before descending to within three feet of the ground .
te	PRES	" Which one of those freaks ? "
te	PRES	Tyler knelt beside me and grabbed a hold of my wrists .
te	PRES	Mr. Caster sits down across from me and rests his elbows on the table .
te	PRES	" Leave her alone , Kent , " Kenji says suddenly , his voice deathly sharp .
te	PRES	Duncan , I vouch for her .
te	PAST	At a glance , Kira guessed he was in his early twenties .
te	PRES	I shudder at the images .
te	PRES	" Clever bitch ! "
te	PRES	Johnny appears to be lost in thought and stares down at his feet .
te	PRES	" Oh you 'll always be a Marine , " Dr. Flynn assures him .
te	PRES	The cop leapt through the air and tackled him hard , sending him sprawling into the dirt .
te	PRES	Then without missing a beat she said , " Right this way , fellas . "
te	PAST	I wrinkled my nose .
te	PRES	You tortured and then killed him , and I wouldn 't mind shooting you down like the sick dog you are .
te	PAST	Has anyone ever analyzed your blood ? "
te	PAST	" Good afternoon , Mrs. Christoph , " an efficient woman greeted her in English .
te	PAST	Ice pictured the glimpse he 'd caught of Nesbitt , brandishing the bloody knife .
te	PAST	Her life depended on those suitcases .
te	PRES	In the glove compartment she finds the die-cast fighter jet she got in the toy store .
te	PAST	" He kind of guessed . "
te	PAST	Staring into the black , he relived the four murders he had already done .
te	PRES	Always , someone dies . "
te	PRES	" I 'm not always good at reading people , Pete , " she admits , blushing .
te	PRES	" Where have you been child , I waited , I need your help " pleads Cooper .
te	PAST	His cryptic warnings , hissed between his teeth .
te	PRES	" I uh ... " I glanced from him to Nina , who gave me a frosty look .
te	PRES	He closes his eyes for a second then says , " You 're right .
te	PRES	I admire her so damn much .
te	PRES	Autumn Springs even receives some funds from the state .
te	PRES	Her eyes widen as a breath eases out of her lips .
te	PRES	The internal knot loosens .
te	PAST	Will 's dark brows knitted behind his sunglasses , and that worry line appeared .
te	PAST	Hard cheese , too .
te	PRES	My hair hangs in my face like seaweed .
te	PRES	It grows so proud and guides your way Let truth be seen as clear as day .
te	PRES	" May I tell him what this in reference to , Detective ? "
te	PAST	Graham thumped his shot glass to the table and slammed his hand down next to it as he swallowed .
te	PAST	Colin had dodged him yesterday afternoon .
te	PAST	" It was amazing , " she corrected .
te	PAST	He tapped into his intuitive powers and pulled hard at the inner strength of his psychic talents .
te	PRES	He shakes his head at me , smiling like he 's impressed I fought back .
te	PRES	He replies anxiously , picking up his easel .
te	PAST	Finally he heaved a heavy sigh and nodded .
te	PRES	" Well Andy Anderson .
te	PRES	His eyes widen in shock .
te	PRES	" Family tradition . "
te	PRES	My fist hovers in front of the door .
te	PAST	It never occurred to her they were all family .
te	PAST	Shortly afterward she resumed pacing .
te	PRES	Gideon looked up , meeting Kay 's gaze , his expression impassive as the werewolf drank .
te	PAST	I immediately discarded the notion of my favorite alternative form .
te	PRES	She keeps telling me that it 's all going to work out . "
te	PRES	The Chief Justice enters , the others rise respectfully then take their seats again .
te	PRES	She shakes her head at the idea .
te	PRES	Speakers taller than Neil lined the walls , and Neil could feel the bass crunching against his bones .
te	PRES	" It 's fine , " she continues .
te	PRES	The team with the surviving players only wins .
te	PAST	" But to be honest , I 'm not the only one who wants her away from you , Novak .
te	PRES	Surely you jest . "
te	PRES	The contrast between her sister 's girly squeals as she tore into one package after another had finally become too much for him .
te	PAST	He uncovered his eyes and glared at Wes .
te	PRES	He cuts him off .
te	PAST	The candles flickered , again , softly lighting the dancing figures .
te	PRES	The air smells like gasoline .
te	PRES	" Agent Ward . "
te	PRES	I heave a sigh .
te	PRES	They complain for years if I happen to make a mistake . '
te	PRES	The Sun Dog . "
te	PRES	As if sensing the direction of my thoughts , Samantha tightens her arms around my waist .
te	PAST	His stomach heaved once more when he got to his car .
te	PAST	The limb creaked dangerously .
te	PRES	I aim to please . "
te	PAST	" You don 't care about me , " she argued .
te	PRES	She grabs my arms and positions them in front of me .
te	PRES	" He expects me to wait that long ?
te	PAST	His own voice cracked .
te	PAST	Panic ripped through his body as he sat bolt upright , searching the room for the source of the sound .
te	PRES	My life depends on it .
te	PRES	You dreamt of a task and here I am to give you just that .
te	PRES	Abe pauses in the archway between his living room and kitchen , hanging his head .
te	PRES	" A fusion event . "
te	PAST	They earned enough cash to buy the things they couldn 't make , shoot or grow , like gas , kerosene and shoes .
te	PRES	" ' Sleepy ' Rome ! "
te	PRES	Max sits comfortably in the chair across from Mr. Burke 's desk , then considers his posture and sits up straight .
te	PRES	The combo continues with a lunging punch to the torso , sending the warlock back a step before Link rolls forward into a heavy uppercut .
te	PRES	He leans back in his chair and tents his fingers against his mouth , watching me over top of them .
te	PRES	Successful but not pretentious .
te	PRES	" Those guys just rush in , guns blazing .
te	PRES	" Stefan Salvatore ! "
te	PRES	" Hopefully , " he agrees , coming to a stop in front of the mausoleum door .
te	PAST	" I don 't think I ever told you I don 't like bean burritos , " she blurted out .
te	PRES	Maybe I deserve this .
te	PAST	The boy choked and spat and coughed , trying to chew around his screams and sobs , wriggling to get free .
te	PAST	The trunk angled out over the pond so that one-half of the branches lightly brushed the surface of the water .
te	PAST	I guess , in that sense alone , I owed it to her to be all right again .
te	PAST	A gentle breeze filtered through .
te	PRES	The wagon continues forward , leaving me baffled .
te	PAST	This included the bronze statue of King George IV and its entire plinth .
te	PAST	He gestured to the limb lying on the carpet nearby .
te	PRES	Shea leapt over a rotting log and stopped abruptly under the canopy of a huge tree .
te	PRES	He hits me in the head with the pitcher so hard that stars form in front of my eyes , momentarily blinding me .
te	PAST	It echoed the words spoken by the Pharisees long ago when the church began .
te	PAST	As the essence that was MaryAnn retreated , the fury of the wolf sprang out , passing her as it went .
te	PAST	I drank in the sweet taste of his lips .
te	PRES	My head hurts . "
te	PRES	Her face twists in horror before the monster rips it off with large stained yellow teeth .
te	PRES	" Hurry up , " he urges .
te	PRES	Are y ' all moving ? "
te	PRES	I frown , a little disappointed as I back toward the water .
te	PAST	He hissed then , turning to Atalanta who had just dug the tip of her knife into his thigh .
te	PAST	He obeyed like an obedient son .
te	PAST	" Um , please don 't touch anything , " I pleaded .
te	PAST	" Well , that moment of insanity sealed your fate , woman .
te	PRES	Then Perry didn 't hear Sable any longer , only the waves pounding against the Hover .
te	PAST	" She still refusing to talk to you ? "
te	PRES	" The only way you 'd twist me is if you left .
te	PAST	Glancing up , she spotted a small park bench and plopped down before her legs gave way underneath her .
te	PRES	" Same thing , " I tease , but Ruth is lost in the memory of that day .
te	PRES	' Go on then enlighten me . '
te	PRES	As he tries to react , he shakes his head and repeats himself .
te	PAST	His thumb traced her lower lip , a ready passion darkening his eyes .
te	PRES	His grip tightens on my legs as the roundabout continues to spin .
te	PAST	He slumped , unable to utter one meaningful sound , paralysed by the devastation which had totally undermined his meticulous preparations .
te	PRES	Chapter 40 The holiday break continues and , surprisingly , I 'm okay .
te	PAST	Her black gauzy gown blended into the black of her couch , making it hard to see where one ended and the other began .
te	PAST	Surely , he also owed her the right to defend herself .
te	PRES	Everyone claps for me .
te	PRES	Scarborough and Napoleon danced to the fiddles music as Avery played joyously over and over again the classic sailors tunes .
te	PRES	My hand bucked once ... Twice .
te	PRES	She shifts a pin out of the way of her needle .
te	PRES	Ten pages about how a voice leaps out of nowhere , drills into your ear , stays there until you 're old , dying , and demented .
te	PAST	Lily gulped nervously before answering .
te	PRES	Two journeys he probably had not intended to make .
te	PRES	Kicking off the floor of the ocean , I swam upwards until I broke the surface .
te	PRES	Smiles Curios taking a drink .
te	PAST	" This is going to be fun , " Andrew mused , enthusiastically .
te	PRES	" At least if it was by choice because she was doing her errands .
te	PAST	My relatives bowed all together as they lifted the coffin .
te	PAST	You deserved that hang-up , Thea .
te	PAST	" I swore by my life not to breathe a word !
te	PAST	Something flickered in her at the endearment .
te	PAST	I owed it to him . "
te	PAST	His eyes flickered to his phone .
te	PAST	Waving casually to the mates on board , Sky strolled to the edge of the rock and waited .
te	PAST	Then she clicked -- he too was sorry .
te	PAST	Back in Asgard , the god taught the knowledge of runes to his loyal companions and Mortals who fought the forces of darkness .
te	PAST	Instead , I reveled in solitude .
te	PAST	Thomas had frightened her then as they paused to regain their breath on a little rock platform deep in a fissure .
te	PRES	" Island gossip chain ? "
te	PRES	I polished that off , then went back to the fridge , and got the Mounds bar I saw in the door .
te	PRES	Brielle leans in and whispers it like a dirty little secret .
te	PAST	" You bastard . "
te	PAST	Pain blazed through his limbs , and he must have made some kind of sound , because Aria tensed and jerked back .
te	PRES	I sprint down the stairs and throw open the door .
te	PAST	Her hands crept up around his neck , caressing the smooth male skin with her fingertips .
te	PAST	Jacob envied Ruth and to her own degree Ruth envied Jacob but only one believed in this truth .
te	PRES	I rule my class with a firm hand . "
te	PRES	Soon , workmen deliver chairs and cables , stacking the crates three deep against the far wall .
te	PAST	" I like you best nak * d , " she purred .
te	PAST	His presence before her blocked out the sun and cast her in shadow .
te	PAST	Maybe the energy leaked out in an unguarded moment .
te	PRES	" Is everything alright ? "
te	PRES	" What kind of errands ? "
te	PRES	" Whatever has come over you lately , it suits you well . "
te	PAST	" Not today , " Simon snarled back .
te	PAST	We were not dancing that closely , " Charlie argued with exasperation .
te	PAST	For the first time , it occurred to Balthazar that Skye was still an outsider in the world of the supernatural .
te	PAST	Instead of smacking Anton square across the face like I wanted to , I plastered on a fake smile .
te	PRES	It stirs mud and makes bouillabaisse .
te	PRES	No one stays together when they go to different colleges . "
te	PRES	Jason resumes fire with only a momentary pause .
te	PAST	Kane licked Tucker 's cheek .
te	PRES	The fog grows rapidly , threatening to cover everything and distorting my view .
te	PRES	Different immortal races wandered about , drinking and dancing , their hands wandering .
te	PRES	And who else exists in this timeline but not in the other ?
te	PAST	she echoed lamely , scrambling for something to say .
te	PAST	Dale snarled , but Ice thought he read a glint of fear in his eyes .
te	PRES	Repeated warnings from my service provider about going over my data limit .
te	PAST	A loud crash suddenly echoed through the room .
te	PAST	Tarkin bowed again before walking away .
te	PAST	" I never intended for you to leave the inn .
te	PRES	I frown , pacing to the sofa .
te	PAST	Radcliffe dismounted , wincing .
te	PAST	He traced her cheekbone with his thumb .
te	PRES	My grandparents roar with laughter .
te	PAST	A string of fluorescent lights overhead flickered on .
te	PRES	" Teaching enemies a lesson . "
te	PRES	* * * Back from his shift Danny watched Calvin stirring stew , both lads unaware of Katherine 's drama .
te	PAST	His lips trailed along my jaw to that spot below my ear that made every taut muscle in my body go limp .
te	PAST	He punched the cushions of the sofa .
te	PAST	The row behind them aimed their weapons as well .
te	PRES	Too many years divide us .
te	PRES	She shakes her head , " No .
te	PRES	His face freshly shaven his clothes changed .
te	PAST	In a flash of black fur , Chase leapt for me , leapt for him , but Wilson disappeared .
te	PRES	She puts the guitar in her lap .
te	PAST	You just ... well it 's just that ... you make me sweaty , " she finally blurted out , and then looked at Taylor horrified .
te	PRES	That was all it took , the sight of those tracks , to make her think about him .
te	PRES	Pulling her hair over one shoulder , he leans down and kisses her neck before he starts massaging it .
te	PAST	Sandra strode purposely up to the bar and ordered a gin for her , and , " ... .
te	PRES	One that made her stomach clench .
te	PAST	Dark bruises formed around her eyes , and her head was knocked this way and that by some unknown force .
te	PRES	Leaving tracks every step of the way ? "
te	PRES	Ares laughs wildly consumed with the bloodlust of battle as he turns towards Nike who is still busy fighting Eris .
te	PAST	The troops the creature brought in its wake swarmed past them to collide with their line to left and right .
te	PAST	The woman intrigued him , and he wanted to see her again .
te	PAST	" Stay down , " he hissed .
te	PRES	" I reject the claim ! "
te	PAST	And humankind , a painted puppet with overgrown masked face and shrunken heart , abuses her own children and stomps on the dying and the destitute .
te	PAST	Moving through a small clearing , Brandon spied the chapel ahead .
te	PRES	She grins at me .
te	PAST	When he spotted one of the pictures of her , sans clothing , reclining against a giant silver boulder , he hissed in a breath .
te	PRES	" Nothing appears normal these past few days . "
te	PAST	He enveloped her body in the warm towel and drew her into his arms .
te	PRES	I scan around trying to find some sort of a clue on how I got here in the first place .
te	PRES	Chapter 19 ~ Sean ~ Stage fright grabs a hold of me as I stand backstage with my friends .
te	PAST	He blazed with intensity , leaning toward Karou in the air , looking , looking , alive with a searing , wide-eyed searching .
te	PRES	Powerhouse memorized the sound .
te	PAST	The guard leveled a direct and hard gaze at Fiona .
te	PRES	Dark shapes swam deep in the kelp jungle - more attendants of the sea 's rulers .
te	PRES	I mumble as I walk away .
te	PAST	' I 've no interest in the Treasure , ' retorted Altair .
te	PRES	Gale finds me when they arrive late one afternoon .
te	PAST	" Dev - " " I swore I would do better and try harder .
te	PAST	Her long chestnut hair clung to her face and shoulders as perspiration glazed her pale , lightly freckled skin .
te	PRES	" Anyway , darling .
te	PAST	She shivered at the thought .
te	PAST	Her lungs deflated on a sigh .
te	PRES	" It totally is , " she replies in a low voice .
te	PRES	More than a peck but far shorter than what I wanted .
te	PAST	A zap of electricity flickered from the vortex starting to engulf her body and slammed her enemy against the far wall .
te	PAST	" Cheers , " she echoed even more softly .
te	PRES	Then , she said , " Excuse me for a moment . "
te	PAST	They argued and she gave him an ultimatum . "
te	PAST	" Keep it down , there , woman , " he barked .
te	PRES	The Great Seal of Cross Creek , Texas hangs on the wall behind the judge 's bench , reminding everyone exactly where they are .
te	PAST	Annabelle tapped a finger against her chin .
te	PAST	She hissed in pleasure , her back arching as he twirled his tongue before once again sinking his teeth into the tender flesh .
te	PAST	" I 'm sorry , " I immediately choked out .
te	PRES	" The landing struts of the MAV .
te	PAST	I wrinkled my nose which started a new coughing fit .
te	PAST	' Admit it Annie , ' he roared .
te	PRES	But still , her pulse hums through me .
te	PAST	" That Forgotten threw you pretty hard , " she mused , touching the wounded ear .
te	PRES	That kind of stunt requires careful planning , follow-through , quick-thinking , and terrific dumb luck .
te	PAST	Fury overcame her , and she forgot her fear .
te	PAST	She again pleaded to her husband , " The boy shouldn 't be seeing this .
te	PAST	Fear and pain wafted off her making him feel like a jerk .
te	PRES	He scans my tank top and skinny jeans .
te	PAST	I resented Aiden Claremont for keeping me prisoner and preventing me from finding Derek .
te	PRES	" Yes , mortals .
te	PRES	" Mom , it smells great in here . "
te	PAST	" No , " she argued , setting her elbow on the windowsill and her head in her hand .
te	PRES	He grins wickedly , and I know he 's thinking of my predilection for all things strawberry .
te	PRES	" Good grief . "
te	PRES	But he hangs onto me tight .
te	PRES	I advise you to be careful with whom you share this information .
te	PRES	The progression of these incidents -- first dreams , than waking visions -- suggests a deterioration of control over her abilities .
te	PRES	A sudden rush of guilt spreads over me .
te	PRES	she cries out , tears streaming down her cheeks .
te	PAST	" I brought you your breakfast , " she declared , holding a tray .
te	PRES	" What self-respecting bachelor owns a cat ?
te	PRES	Flynn notices me looking toward Innocents .
te	PRES	" And the artifacts ? "
te	PRES	Vincent knelt beside her .
te	PAST	He formed a fist .
te	PAST	" Yes well , " Lyssa gulped , wondering what sort of fall out she was going to get when Vel told him what had happened .
te	PAST	Then suddenly a bright burst of electricity emanated from the corpse and engulfed him .
te	PAST	The friends silently pitied the terrified boy as they regarded him with his quiver on his back and his father 's too large bow in hand .
te	PAST	Workers swarmed the grounds , a sea of yellow hard hats in the distance , bobbing and moving like rubber ducks in the water .
te	PAST	He gestured at one of the photos .
te	PRES	Victoria saw him flash past the kitchen , his feet pounding the hardwood floor .
te	PRES	Scrubbing them with fine wire mesh to polish down the ripples .
te	PAST	Reacher strolled the three hundred yards and looked at all of them .
te	PRES	Logan motions for me to take a seat at the table with him .
te	PRES	" You zone out .
te	PRES	" Thanks , Miz Scarlet , but I 'll be fine . "
te	PRES	Trust Arie to throw humor into any situation .
te	PAST	He strode toward the bus and was halfway there before he must have realized Kali was not with him .
te	PRES	" Get in , Mistress .
te	PAST	People fussed over me and asked me questions , and then I had to explain that the poacher market was no more .
te	PRES	The professor walks back to the microscope and begins to study the sample again .
te	PRES	" Ah , Grace and Aislinn arguing .
te	PRES	" Thanks for helping me , " she replies , " but you really don 't need to do this .
te	PAST	The plan deteriorated in my head .
te	PRES	Despite his lack in body features , he always dresses to impress in designer suits and shoes , gold jewelry , and diamond encrusted watches .
te	PAST	He strode to the railing overlooking the main deck where the entire crew assembled , not in any particular order ; they were not a military organisation .
te	PRES	" I admire that .
te	PAST	She nibbled his ear .
te	PRES	I compromised and said I would step out to the ladies ' room for a moment .
te	PRES	My sister , Abby , assures me there 's an entire world out there , past parents , money , expectations , and vanity .
te	PRES	For a thousand years She sleeps , then awakens for mere months before falling into another slumber .
te	PRES	But there ain 't much I can do ' bout it . "
te	PRES	She hesitates , fidgeting with her fingers .
te	PAST	Well , after a lot of begging and pleading , he finally consented to give me the number of one of the band members .
te	PRES	She pauses for an eternity and her breathing is ragged .
te	PAST	" Fine , " she relented and reluctantly took the small bottle from him .
te	PAST	The closer she got , the more defined her voice sounded .
te	PRES	He nods once and I correct the sigil .
te	PRES	The tour guide huffs in frustration and continues his speech about where all the offices are as he points at each door .
te	PRES	She folds her hands in her lap , eyes downcast .
te	PRES	Viola and I exchange a glance .
te	PRES	From where there was nothing something now exists : songs , recordings , an album .
te	PRES	She knelt on the ground and watched the still form of the beautiful beast before her .
te	PRES	He appears deep in concentration and I hear him murmur .
te	PRES	" Yeah , it appears so . "
te	PAST	Both teenagers wasted no time and commenced throwing a barrage of blows at each other .
te	PRES	She scans the side of the viewer window seeing the parallel neon blue of the river of time heading back towards the west like a divided roadway .
te	PRES	It appears to be what I 'm looking for : the ritual that I overheard Ryland mentioning .
te	PAST	A knot formed in my throat .
te	PAST	" He 's been under a long time , " Ruth fretted .
te	PRES	" I knew you looked familiar , " he continues .
te	PAST	When she frowned , I paged through my book and scooted closer to her on the bench seat , so that our hip bones were pressed together .
te	PRES	I refuse to consider the idea that it was all a ploy . "
te	PAST	Next he ripped the cotton of Annabelle 's top , causing it to gape open and her to inhale sharply .
te	PRES	" You bitch ! "
te	PRES	She sits down on the edge of her bed , gradually sinking until she connects with the floor .
te	PAST	She bowed her head and took a deep breath , then lifted her chin .
te	PAST	" Try it , " I snarled , leaping toward her .
te	PAST	I drown out the rest of Hunter 's words by pounding my feet extra hard .
te	PRES	" How very reassuring .
te	PAST	Hit cues me with the go-ahead , and I angle my head as best I can toward the comm array .
te	PRES	She meant no insult in your direction , " he excused .
te	PRES	His voice falters , but he quickly recovers .
te	PAST	She wormed through the gap toward McCoy 's crypt , knelt down and peered inside .
te	PRES	A strange sensation overtook me .
te	PRES	It becomes apparent our goal is the Blue Tower .
te	PAST	Embarrassed , I examined my behind , swiping at the mud .
te	PAST	He tested his limbs and discovered that nothing seemed broken .
te	PRES	Fear streaks through me and I start to wonder what else I don 't know .
te	PRES	Trystan shakes his head and wishes he didn 't .
te	PRES	He walks out of the bathroom and to the bed .
te	PAST	While I brushed out my hair and pinned half neatly up into a clip , I dwelled .
te	PAST	She exchanged nervous glances with Kyle , who stepped up and said , " That 's probably not a great idea right now ... " " Why ?
te	PAST	The thudding beat of her heart roared in her ears .
te	PRES	A tremor still manages to creep into my voice .
te	PAST	I tapped my finger impatiently on the table .
te	PAST	Finally , night crept across the yard , lengthening the shadows , pulling them out of the woods until they covered the whole world .
te	PAST	He soothed her by pulling her closer and squeezing her hand , but his mind whirled .
te	PRES	Twenty metres or so and they would both be out of sight of the dam .
te	PAST	" Damn shame that you didn 't stay dead , " I snarled .
te	PAST	' Disobedience , ' he spluttered .
te	PAST	I wasn 't even frightened anymore .
te	PAST	" We 're getting married , " I declared .
te	PAST	Confusion flickered across her lovely face , and it was all Daniel could do to hope that she would not deny him .
te	PRES	She shakes her head and scowls .
te	PAST	Her blue eyes watered , and she stared at me .
te	PRES	I stumble over the words a little as I try to get my brain cells back in working order .
te	PRES	" Don 't bark , you idiots ! "
te	PRES	A twinge of panic hits me .
te	PAST	He grasped both her hands in his .
te	PRES	Tiny LED lights race up the railings on either side of the stairs , and a thin row of lights mark the front of each step .
te	PAST	She bowed her head to allow her brown hair to cover part of her bleeding nose but it didn 't work .
te	PAST	Daemon tasted blood where his teeth had nicked his tongue .
te	PRES	Good day First Minister . '
te	PAST	She bowed her head and clasped her hands together once more .
te	PRES	Devon kisses her , and Tammie can 't hold her tears any longer .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PRES	About twenty trillion dollars worth . "
te	PAST	' Oh , ' Fallon cooed .
te	PRES	" It all depends on the results of this . "
te	PAST	She speared a tomato slice and ate it .
te	PAST	Mikhail 's form shimmered into solidity right before Shea 's eyes , nearly stopping her heart .
te	PRES	He puts it down and picks up another , this one with a blue tint .
te	PRES	" Thanks grandma . "
te	PAST	She stroked him with her tongue and throat , greedy for everything he would give her after so many years of wanting him .
te	PAST	Paige gulped and headed back toward the marina .
te	PRES	The computer always prevents them from happening . "
te	PAST	" I , m twenty-three , " he confessed .
te	PRES	She just hopes that her presence in Justine 's life does not ultimately cause her pain .
te	PRES	One of my best crows .
te	PAST	I spilled a little of my drink onto my dress and stopped to wipe at it .
te	PAST	Chapter Ten It was the morning of December 1st , exactly one week from Thanksgiving .
te	PRES	" Hello Rebecca , " Fergus almost purred .
te	PAST	That movie scarred me ... 're drum , ' and the pinky .
te	PRES	She emptied the ballast tanks and lowered the fins until the bow was pointing upwards sixty degrees , then opened the throttle fully again .
te	PAST	" My new roommate Colin , who is still my best friend to this day , taught me to play that first year I was at Milton .
te	PRES	Then he excused himself , and left .
te	PRES	Cat spreads her hands .
te	PAST	Alaric and the two Scottish elves then assisted FIDO to carry the inflated boat to the edge of the sea .
te	PAST	Simone readily complied , allowing him to deepen the kiss as his hands ran an impatient path over her back .
te	PRES	" She expects pants . "
te	PRES	Complex rhythms and vibrated penetrating the glass .
te	PRES	" I thought it was over between us , " she cries into his shirt .
te	PRES	Lila sits back on the bed , letting out a long breath .
te	PRES	But my heart pounds double time as I head for the big gray tent functioning as the clan hospital .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	Hundreds of people unconscious on the floor , shot with something other than bullets , and I have no idea why .
te	PAST	I thrust him away but it was only a very temporary respite .
te	PRES	" I beg your pardon .
te	PRES	A nervous twinge stirs in my stomach and I focus on the feeling for a second to realize that I adore it .
te	PAST	He pouted in mockery , continued dictating .
te	PRES	" Or the wind that sweeps across the plain .
te	PAST	Little mewling sounds from her throat encouraged bolder moves from him .
te	PRES	It drives me crazy , which makes no sense .
te	PRES	Radcliffe nods and a smile quirks the edges of his mouth .
te	PAST	Auron snarled , digging into his eyes with his knuckle as if he had awoken from deep slumber .
te	PAST	A rap song blasted onto the street , along with laughter and voices .
te	PAST	But the activity at the pool tables lacked the normal laughs and the game systems sat untouched in front of the televisions .
te	PAST	Alex lies face down , his hand flopped over the side , his breathing quiet and relaxed .
te	PAST	" If you don 't like it - " Keller threw her arms around him , and her tears spilled over .
te	PRES	The citrus they ship out . "
te	PAST	After a leisurely lunch , the three of them strolled along the busy waterfront .
te	PAST	His jaw pulsed as he clenched his teeth .
te	PAST	He thrust into her , pounding against the already sore spot , paining her with each forward movement .
te	PRES	" Ms. Parker . "
te	PRES	I acknowledge that the Game is real .
te	PAST	" I could live here , " I blurted out without thinking .
te	PAST	Fluorescent light filtered on in the room , lighting the hard tile and cold floor .
te	PRES	He motions for her to kneel .
te	PAST	Instantly Wade fumbled to retrieve the dart gun .
te	PRES	" Compound fracture of the radius , three broken fingers , eleven stitches , twisted ankle . "
te	PRES	The red head walks up to Livi , getting in her face .
te	PAST	Just as I did , it reopened , and three more soldiers poured in .
te	PAST	He pictured a daisy chain of blasts , one after the other , spreading around the globe .
te	PAST	I cracked the window open just enough so we could talk .
te	PAST	Reuben stirred it , brought it back to life , and took a book from the shelves and did something he had always wanted to do .
te	PRES	She nods in agreement then releases my arm .
te	PRES	Cautiously Corsair swam up to the latch and looked down .
te	PAST	Tall security fencing , screened by barrier fabric , lined both sides of the road , keeping pedestrians out of the construction zones .
te	PRES	He nods , but his aqua eyes are still fixed on me , like he 's trying to read my soul .
te	PRES	" Does it resent the expression ? "
te	PAST	Her step-mother inherited the house Randall Coulson had purchased for the Browning family .
te	PAST	Todd clicked his pen .
te	PRES	" Something smells good . "
te	PRES	" Mmm ... What is this , carrot ? "
te	PAST	Then he plugged in the wok and poured a cup of oil into it .
te	PRES	A broken down Ferris wheel .
te	PRES	Just when I think he might have left altogether , he replies , " I have your sister , whether you want to believe it or not .
te	PAST	A car roared past us and splashed cold , gritty water on my ankles .
te	PAST	" But her boobs , " Pat gestured , " They 're so much bigger .
te	PRES	You deserve better , but you were too blind to see the truth that was right in front of you . "
te	PRES	" He watches out for me .
te	PRES	" The seraph sorcerers . "
te	PRES	The food around here sucks when you 're gone . "
te	PAST	* * * * * Ashleigh dashed into the cinema toilets and checked that each cubicle was empty before returning to the door .
te	PAST	He shivered under my touch , whether from cold or because he knew what was coming , I didn 't know .
te	PAST	Rose and the others exchanged a dubious look .
te	PAST	I doubled over a little but I didn 't go down .
te	PAST	Cullen spilled out two tablets into his palm , very afraid for her .
te	PAST	He kisses her passionately , savagely , holding her head in both of his enormous hands .
te	PRES	" Hot springs . "
te	PAST	" No way , " John protested .
te	PAST	His fingers traced patterns across the skin of my arm , raising goose bumps .
te	PRES	he crosses his arms , and raises an eyebrow .
te	PAST	The gun gleamed in the icy starlight .
te	PRES	The feeling vanishes as he mutters embarrassed .
te	PRES	he asked , his face ashen .
te	PAST	Lifting my head , I nipped at his chin .
te	PAST	" The goddess gifts to me the power so I stand in this place , in this hour .
te	PAST	Searing white light detonated in front of him , throwing him through the air again .
te	PAST	When he stopped , the van blocked them from view .
te	PRES	Ivy nods at one point , but her eyes don 't leave mine .
te	PRES	" I can 't , " he gasps , sweating as we all are , buckling under the strain .
te	PRES	Tess keeps applying meds for a while longer , until I finally put a hand over hers to stop her .
te	PRES	I holler as I pull it open .
te	PAST	He trailed hot , open-mouthed kisses down her taut stomach .
te	PRES	Chapter 33 " QUICKLY NOW .
te	PRES	" Whoa ... Hold on now . "
te	PRES	He clicks on his blinker for the exit , and I straighten , ready to stretch my legs .
te	PRES	she shouts with laughter in her tone .
te	PAST	Please don 't be mad , " I pleaded .
te	PAST	She strode into the back room , a tight space littered with tools and scraps of leather , with a fierce , determined look .
te	PRES	Moore continues to stare , focusing so hard he 's zoning out .
te	PRES	" The Red Army ? "
te	PAST	You defied our rules of fighting .
te	PAST	Said you had a ceremony to perform , and oh , by the way , having a bit of trouble with your Collar . "
te	PAST	I wrinkled my nose as I looked down the line of docked ships .
te	PRES	" If a mirror is large , it becomes a portal large enough for the dead to cross into this realm .
te	PAST	The steps creaked as Hayley started down .
te	PRES	When men fought , they connected .
te	PRES	They leapt easily down .
te	PRES	Looking over at Pierre , Isabelle extends her arm toward him , " Come here , Pierre . "
te	PAST	Grace recognised the speaker as Irene Watkins , the one who had been cackling and making jokes earlier .
te	PAST	Talon snarled at him .
te	PAST	The river , about 500 yards wide , flowed slowly and smoothly through the heavily wooded Northern England .
te	PAST	I chewed my lip .
te	PAST	He gestured to the mirror and said , " Watch . "
te	PAST	He deserved the truth .
te	PRES	Liam leapt toward her .
te	PRES	" She insists that someone was talking about some sort of pit when we attended one of the meetings . "
te	PAST	She stood her ground though , her high-heeled feet digging into the floor as his brutal fingers jammed her jaw .
te	PRES	At last he sits in the dirt next to me , his cheeks slick with tears .
te	PAST	One flick of his wrist unbuckled his belt , and he quickly changed into a pair of gray sweatpants and matching T-shirt .
te	PRES	" Yeah , you wan na ' go somewhere else ? "
te	PRES	" In essence . "
te	PRES	My hand shakes and I silently cuss myself out .
te	PAST	He tapped her nose .
te	PRES	" I don 't know , " someone replies .
te	PRES	She tilts her head as she looks at me and almost smiles .
te	PAST	With one last effort he thrust his hand out of the mire and took that offered by Jace .
te	PAST	I heard voices from the kitchen as I came through the living room , its walls lined with mahogany wainscoting and built-in bookshelves .
te	PAST	They apologized and shook hands .
te	PAST	Then he noted , " Girl , you aimed high .
te	PAST	Conversation ebbed and flowed .
te	PAST	He propelled me up the steps of the porch and into the shadowed interior of the house .
te	PAST	Kim cracked a wide smile .
te	PAST	Said that the senior was actually a pretty honorable man . "
te	PAST	" I missed feeling you , " I purred against his ear , grasping his cock harder .
te	PAST	Vincent 's voice trailed off , as I glared at him .
te	PAST	Bay drank deeply from the icy water .
te	PAST	A couple of minutes later , the doors of the elevator pinged open on the highest floor of the castle .
te	PAST	Around him pedestrians milled , creating a feeling of safety in numbers .
te	PAST	" You won today , not only because you worked hard but because you believed in yourself .
te	PRES	She twists her lips and drives home the sarcasm .
te	PRES	" Oh please , " Eden answered for her .
te	PRES	' I s ' pose you can have some .
te	PRES	" I KNOW ! "
te	PAST	The Burkes adored their grandchildren , clung to them even tighter now that they 'd lost so much .
te	PAST	I choked out , hating that Woods was going to see me cry .
te	PAST	John swiftly knelt and then stood on the saddle , grabbed a high branch , and climbed .
te	PRES	" One builds it up in his head until he is afraid , but there was little pain . "
te	PAST	Just as I was about to go to him , he flopped down on the bed .
te	PRES	" Mentally recover ? "
te	PRES	She pictured him striding toward her and taking her in his arms , as he had last night .
te	PAST	In fact , he taught himself how to illustrate archaeological artifacts while completing his Master 's degree at Trent University .
te	PAST	My stomach heaved at the thought of Gabe and Wes watching me make out with Tristan like some horny teenager .
te	PRES	All the while Yama keeps his body alive by working its lungs , for Gerald has plain forgotten .
te	PRES	The air smells like warm earth .
te	PRES	You wan na stay present , but the past keeps intruding .
te	PAST	Collapsing back on the pillows , she heaved a sigh and closed her eyes .
te	PAST	" Rumor has it we 're having Larry 's father stay with us for Christmas , " Lacey declared .
te	PRES	The click of expensive shoes silenced the laughter immediately .
te	PRES	This thing hurts , whatever it is .
te	PRES	The last stray you took in . "
te	PAST	Samara complied and jumped down into the snow .
te	PAST	He confided in Alix that he hadn 't mentioned the broken engagement to anyone .
te	PRES	" Because you need express permission from the king . "
te	PRES	I squint my eyes , searching for truth or lies in his blue eyes .
te	PAST	He trailed his lips over her breast and pulled one erect nipple into his mouth .
te	PRES	My grip tightens on my pack .
te	PAST	The truth of it , the magic of it , possessed her .
te	PRES	He leans in , his breath stirring my hair , but for a long moment he doesn 't speak .
te	PAST	Her face twitched a little at this , but ambassador training quickly moved her past how strange she probably found that .
te	PAST	Grace shushed Valerie , when she noticed Allen nonchalantly walking past their table .
te	PRES	" I just wan na know . "
te	PAST	Don 't try to grill the lady too much , " Jake requested .
te	PRES	" It suits you . "
te	PRES	" Trial and error , " he replies .
te	PRES	He kisses my hand one more time and gently releases it .
te	PRES	Or maybe Rosemary Barr instead . "
te	PAST	He lacked both hat and gloves ( although that wasn 't unusual for the young inspector ) .
te	PRES	All filthy and dressed in tattered clothing .
te	PRES	He kneels in front of it to get more balance .
te	PRES	" We lack the authority to make any such statement . "
te	PRES	Each man focuses his sight in that direction .
te	PAST	He tapped rapidly and brought up the genealogical map of the Gant clan .
te	PRES	My head springs up with a deep breath of panic .
te	PAST	I hustled up the steps , two at a time .
te	PRES	" The Pack exists only because its members allow it .
te	PAST	Shoving the mirror away , she slumped in her seat .
te	PAST	It nauseated me to realize I was hoping he wouldn 't .
te	PRES	I zone out on our walk back to the house .
te	PAST	My father taught me from a young age that when a woman needs taken care of , men are always supposed to step up to the plate .
te	PRES	I lick off a glob of melted chocolate from my hand .
te	PAST	As I stared at Jake , it occurred to me that our friendship might be mirroring our friends ' .
te	PAST	She consented , although most reluctantly , after many assurances .
te	PAST	Bits of wood oozed between his fingers .
te	PAST	Their dark auburn hair , dampened by sweat , gleamed in the bright light of the wastelands .
te	PRES	" Exotic ink , " he replies .
te	PRES	Tim shakes his head .
te	PRES	" No , the baby eats and drinks and breathes just like you and me when it comes out . "
te	PAST	He charmed me with stories of his adventures around the world .
te	PRES	Outside , the tornado grows so close that I could only see the bottom half of the funnel .
te	PAST	I won him in a bet .
te	PAST	We strolled down First Avenue , looking into the windows of the various merchants and abundant antique shops , now closed for the evening .
te	PAST	The other interns filed out of the room , shaking hands and saying their goodbyes .
te	PRES	He shoves the gun harder into Jennifer 's head and tightens his hold on her arm ; she winces .
te	PRES	The hologram flickers then appears a snow-capped mountain .
te	PAST	And so , they dashed off down a side corridor , flashlights bobbing and pounding footsteps receding .
te	PRES	Unless you 'd be interested in the man 's top secret sangria recipe . "
te	PAST	He rocked back on his heels .
te	PRES	" What Dark Queen ? "
te	PRES	" Six alchemists an " fifty pound o " fresh Slide .
te	PRES	AWAY FROM HERE , IS WHAT I MEAN .
te	PAST	Harlin notices me , pausing a long moment before climbing off his bike .
te	PAST	Playing with her hair soothed both of us .
te	PRES	Since you were bitten . "
te	PAST	Summoning every ounce of Sutton Mercer coolness she had left , Emma leveled a steely glare at the boy in front of her .
te	PRES	" Catch ya later . "
te	PRES	She despised them , and wanted nothing more than to see them face retribution for their sins .
te	PRES	" Good grief . "
te	PAST	I rammed my palm into the wall again , just hard enough it would feel cathartic without punching a hole in the drywall .
te	PRES	When you start to look in it keeps getting bigger and bigger .
te	PAST	' Still , you are in good company , ' she resumed .
te	PAST	But then , they owned real estate just about everywhere .
te	PRES	The two chosen warriors sprint to either side of the large open emergency doors and take up defensive positions , holding their rifles at the ready .
te	PAST	I shivered as I looked around the empty entrance hall .
te	PRES	The guy from the Department of Energy raises his hand nervously .
te	PRES	Hart stretched out on the bed next to Eleanor , his eyes sparkling , though his face was too pale .
te	PAST	Takeshi gingerly bowed , wincing a bit with the motion , but trying to hide it .
te	PRES	she squeals as she grabs one quickly and slides it on .
te	PRES	" We 'll need to get a statement from you as well , " the male officer replies .
te	PRES	" Get up on these wall walks and prepare to cut down the enemy !
te	PRES	The need for answers sparks .
te	PRES	I pant as he does it again .
te	PRES	Flynn shakes his head in amazement , " Your instructors must have been terrible then .
te	PAST	We stilled , neither of us wanting to remove one another from our embrace .
te	PAST	In jeans and T-shirt , he strolled down the hallway .
te	PAST	She yelped and kicked out at him .
te	PRES	It spots the four humans who came through the panel ( or window , as the man called it ) .
te	PRES	" If we stay here , she dies ! "
te	PRES	" I refuse to see any kid , wild or not , go hungry or eat from a trash can . "
te	PAST	I forbid you to see him again .
te	PRES	" The Castle is behind that , " Will nods , confirming my suspicions .
te	PRES	" Why doth thou say that ? "
te	PAST	Her eyes pleaded , too .
te	PAST	The King snarled , " I thought these were men of peace ! "
te	PAST	The faceplate patch bowed outward , but otherwise held firm .
te	PRES	His worldliness distressed her .
te	PAST	I bid my time with patience and wisely did so , while learning new trades .
te	PAST	Two bodies collided and rushed for the railing .
te	PAST	When she waved goodbye and finally locked the door behind him , she sagged against the glass .
te	PRES	" Yeah , but raises a lot of new ones .
te	PRES	It appears something happened to him , similar to brain damage .
te	PRES	Savannah jerked awake , her heart pounding .
te	PRES	" Now , get going before I talk you into unconsciousness , " the sage bade .
te	PRES	" Yeah , that 's good , " Marie agrees .
te	PRES	Detective Lewis raises an eyebrow .
te	PRES	' No worries ! '
te	PRES	Max shakes his head .
te	PRES	Dallas 's smile falters slightly under the authority in James 's tone .
te	PAST	I bucked against him , wrapping my arms around his waist .
te	PAST	Leaning forward , this time he trailed his tongue along the edge of the lace , relishing each gasp and shiver his journey elicited .
te	PRES	Ian puts his hand on Courtney 's shoulder , silencing her , and then looks at me .
te	PRES	Finally , we separate .
te	PAST	She deserved only happiness and light , not misery .
te	PAST	The internal office telephone purred softly .
te	PAST	It never occurred to me that he could die , even when his fever spiked later that night .
te	PAST	Stan greeted the boy with , " so sorry about your mom , Bottles .
te	PRES	" What Constable ? "
te	PAST	' Uh ... ' I fumbled , noticing the phone number she 'd set in front of him .
te	PRES	Never mind Alan 's knock-down nearness ; never mind the society photographer who stuck a large camera in their faces and flashed .
te	PAST	With one quick sweep she ripped open the pearl snaps from his shirt .
te	PRES	I giggle , but of course it 's just Tobias , ducking under a branch .
te	PAST	I yearned to be blinded by their beauty , but I had to wait .
te	PRES	Moving , I extend my hand to her , but as I shake it , she pulls it up to her cheek .
te	PRES	" HE 'S -- " but the Emperor stopped shouting and watched .
te	PRES	" Something like that , " he agrees .
te	PAST	" I wanted you , " he corrected harshly .
te	PRES	He continues to stare at me , but I don 't back down .
te	PRES	" The formula . "
te	PAST	" I don 't feel like talking , " I confessed quietly .
te	PRES	I lean down , gripping the handrail for support .
te	PAST	She dashed off with the two young men .
te	PRES	Rann pauses by the starting line looking calm , confident , and cute to me .
te	PAST	We bumped into each other in the break room and I could tell he liked the view .
te	PAST	The back of his neck tingled and he spun around .
te	PRES	She twists her fingers around her curls .
te	PRES	my mother shouts quickly .
te	PRES	" I refuse to become the ultimate cliche and ask how it was for you . "
te	PAST	" You do realize you 've challenged me again , " he purred .
te	PAST	Gabrielle panted , her heart threatening to punch a hole in her chest .
te	PAST	His thumb feathered along her cheek , traced the path of an imaginary tear .
te	PAST	Kelly deserved better than being abandoned for a treasure hunt .
te	PAST	Prologue John Dart The airport shuttle squeaked to a stop in the parking lot of Leslie 's Diner .
te	PRES	" No suck on it , honey .
te	PRES	She keeps the package of cookies hugged to her chest , though , and refuses to let it go .
te	PRES	I could see the Eiffel Tower in the background , the ground slick with rain , some strangers still under their umbrellas .
te	PRES	The wind howls through the closed window , as if to tell me that I 'm not welcome and should head back to where I came from .
te	PAST	They shimmered and danced in the firelight which did not clearly reflect all the scars left on his grizzled features .
te	PAST	" Two men with a table bumped into me and knocked me to the ground , " she corrected with exasperation .
te	PRES	He grabs his briefcase , turns , and leaves .
te	PAST	The sea monster whistled and dived , chasing them , letting them escape , flicking spray into the air .
te	PRES	My survival instinct kicks in and I fight back , fists flying .
te	PRES	I clutch my damp dress close , but not even the cold fabric can keep me from tumbling into the memory .
te	PAST	Tiny licked his lips and watched as she slowly tugged it up and off over her head , revealing a perfect , porcelain torso .
te	PAST	Slowly and silently , they filed down to the beach .
te	PRES	Eleven days til the Last Midnight ?
te	PAST	Jasper sprang , disappearing .
te	PRES	Especially in regards to beautiful and wealthy women . "
te	PRES	It just pissed him off because if Leigh was going to let loose with anyone he wanted it to be him .
te	PRES	Even as he spoke , his penis lengthened and hardened .
te	PRES	As if in slow motion I saw him pull the trigger and the gun pop up slightly .
te	PRES	" Everyone keeps telling me that , but for some reason I have this strong feeling that isn 't going to be the case very much longer .
te	PAST	Her family 's future depended on her seeing this through to the end .
te	PRES	My priest , maybe - " " Excuse me ? "
te	PAST	The assembled notables , however , chatted and laughed among themselves as if nothing significant were taking place .
te	PAST	" Yeah , " Travis confessed .
te	PRES	Glitch shouts at me .
te	PAST	She hissed through her teeth and shook her head .
te	PRES	" Everyone sees something different in it , " the woman confirms , still smiling sweetly .
te	PAST	Sterling pursed her lips , then turned back to Sloane .
te	PRES	She hangs up on me .
te	PAST	She deserved a childhood .
te	PAST	I follow him , tears welling in the corners of my eyes as he leaves the store and heads into the parking lot .
te	PAST	Anyway I convinced myself I had to go to Vietnam . "
te	PRES	" Mistress Evelyn ... " He said , now addressing her twin .
te	PAST	As her dad stepped aside , her brothers sandwiched her into the tightest hug .
te	PAST	" She taught me how to be happy again .
te	PAST	I retorted , scooting a few inches away from him on the bed .
te	PAST	' We 'll salvage anything we can , ' Johnnie directed .
te	PRES	And all the energy ... it HAD to go somewhere ! "
te	PRES	" This guy hopes to be paid ten dollars an hour for being a waiter . "
te	PAST	Her voice trailed off .
te	PAST	Suddenly , more weaves sprang up around Egwene .
te	PRES	It even hurts me to watch .
te	PAST	" I intended to have dinner out . "
te	PRES	No , the burned hand teaches best .
te	PRES	It 's about what I deserve .
te	PAST	David stroked her hair and made soothing noises .
te	PAST	He adored this woman .
te	PRES	Looking at Des , he appears confident , not at all worried , and very , very excited .
te	PAST	Maddy 's laugh echoed down the hall as I headed off toward the dock to meet Tyler .
te	PAST	He grasped her , to keep her from falling over fully .
te	PAST	His knees buckled as he walked toward the bed , and he pitched forward onto the mattress .
te	PAST	When he spoke , his voice cracked , but he powered through it .
te	PRES	" And what of my formula ?
te	PAST	More of the demons crept away from the empty stock shelves to follow in his wake , pressing close .
te	PAST	the man declared , as if solving a puzzle .
te	PAST	He slithered over to Aria and covered her nose with his hands .
te	PAST	Karl and Ellen exchanged looks .
te	PAST	Hope stirred inside Hannah .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	confessed Francois after a while .
te	PAST	I capped my pen and dropped it back into the holder .
te	PRES	Strong , powerful , arrogant .
te	PRES	He finds my eyes .
te	PRES	* * * Harlin drives us across town to Diner 51 .
te	PRES	Pippa spreads her hands .
te	PRES	A little too feminine for his taste , but after the tower and the dungeon , he wasn 't about to complain .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PAST	Ashe flopped the paper onto his father 's desk with a sigh .
te	PAST	The unicorn recoiled slightly at the sight of him .
te	PRES	Christina laughs a little , which feels like a hard poke to the stomach .
te	PRES	Nothing exists that he didn 't make .
te	PAST	The spiders swarmed over the wall encasing the dragons .
te	PAST	The boat roared to life , flooding Aran with relief .
te	PAST	Unable to support my weight anymore my knees buckled and I slumped to the ground .
te	PRES	Young mother tortured and shot !
te	PAST	He pocketed the card while Zachary closed the encyclopedia 's box .
te	PRES	The growling grows louder .
te	PRES	" She checks in with me regularly . "
te	PRES	We stroll toward the science wing .
te	PRES	Was it Travis ? "
te	PAST	These thoughts and more flitted through her mind .
te	PRES	" Just a tad . "
te	PRES	Something silvery white in the late afternoon sun .
te	PRES	" But the pilot ! "
te	PRES	Chapter Two I grit my teeth as my mother tugs the wooden comb once again through my knotted hair .
te	PAST	He indicated she should find a chair and fasten her seat belt .
te	PAST	Little flies hovered low over the pool .
te	PRES	She closes her eyes and blows out a long breath .
te	PRES	Adam polished off his beer in three gulps .
te	PAST	He traced the brown speckles of the singing oak wood with his thumbnail .
te	PRES	The cuddle body eats the sand .
te	PRES	" Well , you girls deserve them and it 's about time someone noticed .
te	PRES	" Don 't say that , " Selma scolded .
te	PRES	Jon shakes his head in disbelief .
te	PRES	Uriel continues to walk as he observes the crowd .
te	PAST	It excited me , it angered me .
te	PAST	I summoned every ounce of intimidation I could muster and whispered , " Go , or I will drown you both in raw sewage . "
te	PRES	A sinkhole becomes a secret passageway and the Simpson family escapes to Alaska .
te	PRES	" Your inheritance ? "
te	PRES	" Happy to finally see you Mags .
te	PAST	Katie pounced on me as soon as I stepped out of the tent .
te	PRES	She crosses her arms and regards me with a slight tilt to her head , and her eyes seem cold and curious .
te	PAST	' He was interested in you , though , ' Lucy argued .
te	PAST	The noise sliced through his brain and sent his body on autopilot .
te	PRES	Just like last time , the air smells like cinnamon and apples from the candles burning on the shelf in the corner .
te	PAST	After stretching , she mounted one and bounced , pranced , flipped , and flopped back and forth across it .
te	PRES	That sometime ... " His voice faded into the background .
te	PAST	Something stirred inside me and it felt a hell of a lot like desire .
te	PAST	His fingers traced a pattern on my bare shoulder .
te	PAST	She taught me . "
te	PRES	Cassidy thought of the story Diego had told her about taking torture so that Xavier would be released by the gang leader .
te	PAST	The King purred and rolled on his back , letting Ben rub his tummy .
te	PAST	" Even I know how it works , " I argued .
te	PRES	He leans into the car , reaches for the seat belt , and pulls it across my chest , buckling me in .
te	PAST	" You diabolical bastard .
te	PAST	His mouth tasted like shit , and he glanced around the apartment he 'd rented out some time ago .
te	PAST	Something frightened those birds , and we 'd better find out what it was . "
te	PAST	She heaved a sigh .
te	PRES	Another glance down reveals that Lance is screaming up from the surface of Calliope .
te	PAST	She licked her lips slowly .
te	PRES	V grabs the target while Cake and I discourage any of his friends .
te	PAST	Her tears spilled more freely .
te	PAST	I furrowed my brow .
te	PRES	Elena chooses to move now and she smiles at me .
te	PRES	If they open up the embargo , Castro wins . "
te	PAST	She shivered , remembering what Simon had told her about the pregnant female fleas burrowing into the skin of human feet , where they die .
te	PRES	Body count equals bonuses .
te	PAST	" It makes sense to me only because I 'm drunk , " Joe B. sputtered and slumped lower over the bar .
te	PRES	I frown , pulling my hand out of my pocket without checking my phone .
te	PAST	She towered over Gel as she glared down her nose at him .
te	PAST	Only Tegan tackled other tasks ; she checked the townsfolk over and helped those she could .
te	PRES	chapter fifty-four Gliding out of the darkness , I emerge into brilliant light and bold colors .
te	PRES	" What of your lovers ? "
te	PRES	" How many nights ? "
te	PAST	Malcolm thickened his accent and branched off into the subtleties of shadowing techniques .
te	PAST	Sara vaguely recalled hearing of people who looked like this .
te	PAST	The triumphant knowledge of it simmered in his eyes as he said , " I put your bag in the ensuite bathroom . "
te	PRES	The MPs scatter like cockroaches , all but two of them getting out of dodge in time .
te	PRES	The coyote sat on its haunches , licking blood off its mouth , then paws .
te	PRES	" Broken hand , concussion of the brain , bruises .
te	PRES	' Effendi , I greatly regret .
te	PRES	Her head shook side to side , her brow furrowed so tightly , it pained my facial injuries .
te	PRES	" No anthropology texts ? "
te	PAST	The musicians resumed playing until mid-afternoon , when they had actually accumulated enough money for a grooming kit .
te	PAST	Straightening slightly , the woman murmured , " ' T is tasty , hearty food , my lord .
te	PRES	" I have to stop , " I moan , but a full belly is blissful .
te	PRES	Ball gowns and massive hair and jewels and guys with tight trousers . "
te	PRES	And he chooses to sit on stone .
te	PAST	" I am not , " Hannah objected .
te	PRES	Tyler snarls while the guy is down on the ground staring up at him in fear .
te	PAST	If I remember right an old man owned it before Archelaus . "
te	PAST	She swore under her breath then quickly walked to the front door and out onto the veranda to take the path to the bike shed .
te	PAST	His lips formed a slight smile due to her phrasing and all the images her words conjured up in his mind .
te	PRES	" What torture awaits me this day ? "
te	PAST	" Ms. Terwilliger ... didn 't you say you knew people at Carlton College ? "
te	PRES	He shouts as he commands me to stop .
te	PRES	Kenji cuts her off .
te	PAST	Leah stooped , picked up a heavy chuck of stone and threw it at him .
te	PAST	" But that is meant to be given back when the engagement is over , exchanged for runes .
te	PRES	' Thanks Dwight . '
te	PAST	A voice suddenly echoed through the parlor - louder than the quiet whispering of the working vamps .
te	PRES	" All in favor ? "
te	PAST	Her eyes darkened and he was stuck , caught in a web of fascination .
te	PAST	Gabe and Mitchell exchanged silent looks .
te	PRES	Really suits you . '
te	PRES	" Could I refuse ? "
te	PRES	I pray for your happiness , your safety , and your loved ones .
te	PAST	I recalled the first time I had spent time with Gavin .
te	PRES	Nobody spots the tiger , so the squad leader hunches over and quietly treks in the tiger 's direction .
te	PRES	" This surrounds us all the time .
te	PAST	Sheridan must 've unlocked them ahead of our visit before , but now I was out of luck .
te	PAST	Her lips gleamed damp and inviting as she gazed up at him .
te	PAST	He owed her that much since she 'd had none of the fanfare at her first wedding .
te	PAST	I blurted out again , crying .
te	PRES	One Year Later ' Inspector Renton , Please forgive the impersonal method of communication for our final contact .
te	PAST	Strong arms enveloped my waist and pulled me against him .
te	PAST	" But I still don 't know if he likes me like that , " I confessed .
te	PAST	He howled with laughter , then affected his own chomp in the air .
te	PAST	He rented the unit in readiness for your demise . "
te	PAST	Then I went near his mother to be a support for her , she actually fainted at the very moment she saw her knight laying still .
te	PRES	Reece watches me and I feel my lips curve into a smile , simply from the happy expression on my face in the picture .
te	PRES	All demons to your armament stations . "
te	PAST	" There was only one man , " Francesca corrected gently .
te	PRES	It still hurts when I breathe . "
te	PAST	One of the dogs barked excitedly , and a man shouted a command .
te	PRES	I peer through the tangle of pipes .
te	PRES	It drives me crazy to think they 're going to complete whatever task it is alone . "
te	PAST	Zillah bowed low , dismissing himself , beyond ready to be out of her company .
te	PRES	Henry 's father probably expects him to become some kind of a bum , working in a factory , or hel , driving a truck too .
te	PAST	Behind her , Camellia slumped against the closet door , gasping for breath and holding her throat .
te	PRES	" In the Bay Area ? "
te	PAST	Raymond directed Mac to the back seat and sat beside him .
te	PRES	It hurts me that some people can be so cruel towards us .
te	PAST	" Some warrior you are .
te	PRES	She pointed up and then with everything she had , she leapt straight into the air , barely fitting through the tight little exit .
te	PRES	" The lights on the building also serve as a deterrent . "
te	PRES	Sean laughs and shoves me back .
te	PAST	He rocked back onto his heals and then up onto the balls of his feet before going back to his heals again .
te	PAST	His eyes flickered up to the rearview mirror .
te	PAST	" Very well , " he relented , taking pity on his friend .
te	PAST	CHAPTER TWO I walked away from the Suburban , turning back once more to make sure Trina had her head down .
te	PRES	He claims to be someone named Wesley Boss who lives in L.A. , and for all we know that 's true . "
te	PAST	She could see them up there , robots with mounted cameras , controlled from a remote location , buzzing around like giant insects .
te	PRES	Fry never shows up .
te	PAST	It drowned out the sounds of the crowd completely .
te	PRES	" Never , Lana .
te	PRES	She walks to work and back .
te	PAST	It annoyed him more than any other trait .
te	PRES	So cruise on down . "
te	PRES	Nine springs right back to his feet .
te	PRES	Visions of me having to get naked before him swam through my head and created a flurry of panic within me .
te	PRES	If I 'd had any doubts that tonight would be more kinky than our recent sessions , they vanished the moment my eyes fell on the bed .
te	PRES	" A very nice bottle of Forty Creek . "
te	PRES	" No chip or don 't bother coming . "
te	PAST	was a little upset , " she confirmed , laughing harder .
te	PAST	Birds chirped in the trees while small animals scurried along the ground .
te	PAST	He glimpsed several of the warriors ushering Breed dignitaries to safe ground , far away from the building .
te	PRES	I twist and hold up my gun , but the shape disappears into the yawn of an alley .
te	PRES	Faster than the human eye could see her , she leapt over the tables between her and her prey .
te	PRES	He appears fatigued or injured .
te	PRES	An odd look crosses her face .
te	PRES	" Caffeine , " Dana replies .
te	PAST	Then over the top of a wave she glimpsed an aluminum hull , a small dinghy .
te	PAST	Flames lashed out hungrily , but briefly .
te	PRES	He watches me treat the other two paths up from the cliffs .
te	PAST	His eyes glittered in the darkness .
te	PAST	The two girls exchanged nods .
te	PAST	Helen shivered , knowing Philip didn 't stand a chance .
te	PRES	It hurts so very much when something breaks it down and I feel something .
te	PRES	Birth equals death , which equals birth .
te	PRES	" How about a compromise ? "
te	PAST	Ethan sputtered , spitting out the mouthful he 'd just sipped .
te	PAST	He resented the B and B mostly because I put it between us because I didn 't want to face the pain over our loss .
te	PAST	Her skin burned with heat and sweat dripped down her back .
te	PRES	All that proved that his father had been , or was , a snake goblin .
te	PAST	Behind him , Nick voiced a painful , incredulous laugh .
te	PRES	That depends on a lot of things .
te	PRES	He sits up in his chair .
te	PAST	Albert thumped his forehead with the palm of his hand .
te	PAST	Something akin to pain flickered across his otherwise stoic face .
te	PRES	Reluctantly , he nods in assent .
te	PRES	She watches the rearview mirror because it 's now such a habit , and she watches every other vehicle to avoid any chance of a collision .
te	PRES	" If you 're considering direct involvement , " Victor said , " you deserve to know all we do .
te	PRES	She excused herself and walked to the guest bathroom .
te	PAST	A second finger thrust inside , stretching her farther .
te	PRES	She mostly transcribes documents , prepares legal briefs -- that sort of thing . "
te	PAST	He blocked her path .
te	PAST	" Thank you , gentleman , " he declared .
te	PRES	" I see , " my dad replies , undeterred by Nine 's bluster .
te	PAST	She glimpsed his momentary look of surprise just before she closed her eyes , leaned forward and placed her lips on his .
te	PAST	The jaguar snarled at the mage , showing its teeth as it took several slow steps toward the mage .
te	PAST	Together , they hustled the dragon out into the mall .
te	PRES	Krauss shifts his feet to keep them from going numb in the half-inch of snow .
te	PAST	Cars crowded the parking lot ; some had overflowed to the street and the neighboring field .
te	PRES	I whistled and ran my finger along the sleek body of the car .
te	PRES	Albert prods again , undeterred , his voice bounces around the silent lunch hall .
te	PAST	Her mother scooped her keys off the desk and tossed them to her .
te	PAST	" Because I love him , more than you could possibly imagine , " I confessed truthfully .
te	PAST	PTA president six years running , Den mother , taught Sunday school , worked part time and ran a house with five children .
te	PAST	Uniforms milled around , waiting for the coroner to show up .
te	PAST	Afterwards , Annabel swore off kids again , more adamantly than ever , and I thought : we 're definitely done this time .
te	PRES	I tease after they go back to bed .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips .
te	PAST	She gestured to the tub and smiled .
te	PRES	Anthony 's clutch on her stayed unshaken and immovable .
te	PRES	Oh God , it hurts ... " his head rolled backward .
te	PRES	What if she dies ? "
te	PAST	" We 'll see about that , " he snarled .
te	PRES	Relief hits me , even in the midst of my agony .
te	PRES	His fingers bruised as he tried to pry my legs apart , but I squeezed them tighter and tighter .
te	PAST	I thrust a small square of yellow and black fabric at the gargoyle .
te	PRES	" But what if I can 't handle them changing ? "
te	PAST	The creature snarled as it lunged at her with hooked fingers and razor sharp fangs .
te	PAST	" Yes , " Cassidy huffed .
te	PAST	Seconds dripped by , slowly , so slowly .
te	PRES	" Mitchell Enterprises , " I blink a few times " Knox owns this building ? "
te	PRES	She hurried away , laughing , her skirts swirling around her ankles .
te	PRES	You need to put some of your hair in the kettle , it contains almost all of the powers of the Andras stone .
te	PAST	She thrust the box in my hands .
te	PRES	" Very distant . "
te	PRES	She beats cinnamon rolls any day of the week for " best olfactory experience ever . "
te	PAST	She detested the apartment though .
te	PAST	When he got word of it he actually pleaded with Deirdre to be given a part !
te	PRES	Some deliver the forgotten to Lucifer as they travel through the Underworld . "
te	PRES	He could see the tears she fought back , her eyes sparkling under the lights .
te	PAST	She 's also supposed to go to the fireworks with me tonight , " I confessed .
te	PAST	' My dad taught me a few moves ... useless against vampires of course , but good enough for a human . '
te	PRES	" A toast ! "
te	PRES	He rubs the colt 's nose then uses a soft brush to smooth his face .
te	PRES	" The Creek ? "
te	PRES	" If challenged they 'd deny it , Harry . "
te	PRES	He grips our son closer .
te	PRES	" Yes , Sir , " he replies before leaving to ready the equipment and team .
te	PRES	Chris knelt beside her ; his eyes were worried as he scanned her face .
te	PAST	He gulped the contents in the glass on the table and walked away , the second following him , shutting the door behind him .
te	PRES	" Doesn 't his mother or wife ever prepare his favourite dish ? "
te	PAST	I gulped in horror .
te	PAST	Bridget conveyed smiling with the glowing appearance of one totally infatuated .
te	PAST	I tapped on my email icon , checked my messages again , and still had no confirmation .
te	PRES	He leans his entire body into the wall , and his shoulders sag .
te	PRES	My eyes flutter open and I see my father 's horrified face .
te	PAST	His hand still cradled my head , keeping it from hitting the door .
te	PAST	No matter what , the people I loved had not deserved to be put through such a mess .
te	PRES	Elijah sits on a bench and stares again at the ceiling .
te	PAST	I apologized to him silently .
te	PAST	" Look at me , Eva , " he coaxed , noticing that she was more affected by the kiss than he 'd thought .
te	PRES	Ethan rushes over to Emma , taking her by surprise ; he places his arms around her and squeezes her tightly against his chest .
te	PRES	He nods to his car .
te	PAST	She gently nipped his skin .
te	PRES	Although , there was one good thing happening in our favor .
te	PAST	she observed brightly , to distract her guest while she surreptitiously wiped over a table with her skirt , behind her back .
te	PAST	He whistled a jaunty tune as he lined up his knives .
te	PAST	Admiration flowed through him , along with the desire that had become as familiar to him as breathing over the past few days .
te	PRES	" Are you quite sure it is not too cold for you , dearest ? "
te	PRES	" No plans yet , " Ty replies .
te	PAST	I eased over beside Elise , who took my hand while we stood listening to Estelle describe the wedding in great detail .
te	PRES	The guy practically owns me at the moment and I hate it .
te	PRES	Ethan laughs , and I feel the vibrations against my side .
te	PRES	He decides to say something else .
te	PRES	She descends on me with her hairbrush , tugging and pulling .
te	PAST	His voice swamped her .
te	PRES	But soon my forced calm dissipated because I still couldn 't find it .
te	PAST	" I 'm fine , " Gemma protested .
te	PRES	He closes his eyelids cuddling her into his chest , feels his Touch expand around them along with hotness of body and softness of fur .
te	PAST	It tasted good , but she stopped herself from reaching for another as her nerves were totally fried .
te	PAST	I ripped him a new - " " Would you like something to drink ? "
te	PRES	Hai Hai leapt about at the stairway 's exposed side , her sabers darting in and out , and wherever she leapt men bled .
te	PAST	The clock on the wall confirmed the late hour , but Robb didn 't seem to care .
te	PRES	" One person finds out , and then they go talk to someone else , and suddenly , everyone knows everything . "
te	PRES	I went through the big room to the small room Tuck keeps for Rob .
te	PAST	After a while , someone tapped her arm , and she turned .
te	PAST	" Bella , " she choked .
te	PAST	And then he snarled at her .
te	PRES	My hair flies around my shoulders .
te	PAST	Leaning down , she stroked the cats .
te	PAST	James signaled a nearby servant to refill his goblet .
te	PRES	The topic of conversation appears serious by the stern frown in Meredith 's forehead .
te	PRES	I swam to the side , then held the bag above the water as best I could , despite the fact that it was already soaking .
te	PRES	Actions I regret , actions that I 'll never be able to take back .
te	PAST	' Oh that is a pity about Cyril , ' Frances ventured , not willing to discuss the treacherous George and Agnes .
te	PRES	" Just like advertised , " he replies .
te	PRES	And in her mind , she pictured God shaking his head and pulling the sheet up higher over her shoulder .
te	PAST	I stuttered , looking at him in shock .
te	PRES	" Yeah , " he laughs .
te	PAST	The heavy ice weighed down on him .
te	PRES	" I don 't even have your number , " I remind him .
te	PRES	It calms me , but also reminds me that it 's okay to be afraid .
te	PRES	Will it drown ? "
te	PRES	" My wife prefers I get rid of all my distractions at the same time . "
te	PAST	She fumbled with both pieces of the buckle and brought them together over her chest .
te	PAST	Her fingers fumbled a lot of times but by the time he had her completely bare , she had at least succeeded in getting his shirt off .
te	PAST	Julie recoiled from his touch .
te	PRES	He closes his mouth over my sex , sucking and teasing .
te	PRES	Plot synopsis Low budget zombie flick switches gears and turns into a ghost movie -- sort of -- about halfway through .
te	PRES	She examined my face , her eyes unfathomable .
te	PAST	My parents argued the entire time .
te	PRES	It really hurts . '
te	PAST	The blue lights shimmered through my body like water , painting my skin with vivid colors of white and sea blue .
te	PAST	It exhausted me just thinking about it .
te	PRES	But think about the big picture here , Samantha . "
te	PAST	Her elbow rammed into his crotch .
te	PRES	" And if you 'll marry me , I guarantee the women will stop challenging you for possession . "
te	PAST	Sucked in my lower lip , that tasted all of summer and Nuala , and pushed it back out again .
te	PRES	' No she ain 't .
te	PRES	Nathan knelt beside the priest putting his hand on the frail shoulder .
te	PAST	" There might also be other disappearances you don 't know about , " she argued .
te	PAST	Realization dawned on Winston .
te	PAST	Chase 's passionate words resonated all the way down to the very depths of her soul .
te	PAST	Derek scraped his feet on the porch , brought his rocker to a fast halt , and stared at her .
te	PRES	" Congratulations , " I squeak out .
te	PAST	The door cracked open , and Garrett cautiously walked into the room .
te	PAST	God forbid he wake up others in the house and have one of them see Hugh running around the compound .
te	PAST	The fresh expectation revived her energies , and gave her an air of cheerfulness that was noticed by her husband .
te	PRES	" It costs me extra . "
te	PAST	His gaze flickered down once again .
te	PRES	A cold wind chills me as if someone walks on my grave .
te	PAST	" But as president of marketing you 're the perfect person to ask , " Erica retorted .
te	PAST	His cold green eyes wrinkled at the corners .
te	PRES	" And if we can 't delay the duel ? "
te	PAST	Once he was done , Frankie departed the house , locking the door behind him .
te	PAST	She greeted them warmly and put on her own coat to help them haul their luggage and instruments up to her apartment .
te	PRES	Although I must say I admire her for it . "
te	PRES	It always costs to stray from the ethereal plane . "
te	PAST	His green eyes gleamed down at her .
te	PAST	" It had a bullet hole in it , " the nurse argued .
te	PRES	" Never mind , " I stammer quickly .
te	PRES	Only my own footprints from the night before and the localized boot tracks that marked yesterday 's work .
te	PAST	Ezra reluctantly flopped onto Aria 's pillow .
te	PRES	Emma sits on her bed .
te	PRES	She admits that she and Kelsey have more of a surface-level friendship because Kelsey never lets people get close , which sort of shocks me .
te	PAST	Like you taught me . "
te	PAST	Nervous prickles ( the good kind ) shimmered along my spine .
te	PAST	And then he licked his lips .
te	PRES	His instant of hesitation vanishes .
te	PRES	The thickly scattered orange freckles on the shoulders ?
te	PAST	' Sometimes it 's definitely better to ignore all that stuff because it 's a distraction from really important things , ' she argued .
te	PRES	" So those first kisses ... you liked them ? "
te	PRES	" I deserve that . "
te	PAST	Little room existed now for her to struggle .
te	PRES	" It hurts me too .
te	PRES	" You encourage that ?
te	PRES	He pauses with his leg outside .
te	PAST	Spencer hovered over the food , amazed that every single item contained an illegal substance .
te	PRES	He scowls into me .
te	PAST	" But it can 't be -- not now , not -- " Jason eased me back .
te	PAST	The fringe of my hair crinkled with frozen sweat .
te	PAST	Resting on the banister , she viewed the scene taking place in the living room with a disparaging eye .
te	PAST	His fingers drummed a restless tattoo on the door handle .
te	PRES	" She says leave now , " Elliot translated .
te	PAST	The planning resumed later in the afternoon , and it did include five bedrooms and seven bathrooms , although Ryan could not be specific as to why .
te	PRES	I haven 't gotten a lick of sleep in two hours , she keeps banging that door asking if I need a ' tidy up ' . "
te	PAST	He scooped out what looked like a handful on wheat kernels .
te	PRES	Just when I start to think I belong here , Stephanie walks into the room .
te	PAST	Are you alright ? "
te	PRES	He just watches and waits for something else to happen to her . "
te	PAST	The last girl Rell was with wasn 't nearly as pretty as you , " she gushed .
te	PRES	Cole closes his eyes and immediately the feeling dissipates .
te	PAST	CHAPTER FIVE This is what I get for tangling with a human .
te	PRES	" And what about the baby , Chelsea ?
te	PAST	I bang my fists on the wall .
te	PAST	Potted trees , shrubs and flowers greeted her , creating wide paths throughout the room .
te	PAST	His voice pleaded with her as her heart pleaded with her .
te	PAST	Sparks hissed like angry cats .
te	PAST	The sound of a voice calling out with a whimper travelled through the shaft like the clear ringing of a trumpet in the wind .
te	PRES	When I do , he straightens .
te	PAST	Jamie cracked a grin .
te	PRES	Raffaele 's gentle face appears in my thoughts , and with it comes a stab of guilt .
te	PAST	The bike roared like a living animal .
te	PAST	That night they camped in a beautiful setting next to a creek , ringed by large oak trees .
te	PAST	Derek heaved a deep sigh , a stoic expression coming over his chiseled face .
te	PAST	Greg 's forehead crinkled in alarm .
te	PRES	My driver watches the tavern .
te	PAST	Eva drummed her fingers against the desk as she stared at the computer screen .
te	PRES	" Is there some kind of problem , Sheriff Moses ? "
te	PRES	He winces a little .
te	PAST	And something in her , just at the sound of his voice , stirred .
te	PAST	I overheard you and Joseph talking one day .
te	PAST	Maybe he misinterpreted utopia , translating the name as best he could as a heavenly place .
te	PAST	She wrinkled her nose .
te	PAST	After two years in remission with normal blood counts and an excellent prognosis , Megan suffered a relapse in her central nervous system .
te	PRES	She gathers more stars and stands and heads toward the front door with her hands clasped to her bra , still trying to hold on to them .
te	PRES	He appears to be in possession of all his faculties .
te	PRES	Denying who you are sucks the soul out of you . "
te	PRES	In fact I admire your directness , but I am sure you see my point of view also . '
te	PAST	A hand captured her foot while she advanced away .
te	PAST	Regardless of the perception , his musical endeavors only occurred on the main streets .
te	PRES	I refuse to let Gordon continue to dictate my life .
te	PRES	" Tell me you don 't love me , Mariah .
te	PAST	After a few turns , the steep ridges blocked more and more of the wailing .
te	PAST	Calliope hovered , wearing a giddy grin , and as her excitement grew , her grip on the chain around my neck loosened .
te	PRES	Emerson tightens his arms around me , holding me against his chest for a moment .
te	PAST	She accounted for at least twenty of the thirty-seven who tried to take dad down . "
te	PRES	" I rent for now .
te	PRES	She follows him into the bedroom .
te	PAST	She gestured toward where they 'd come from .
te	PAST	He recalled how Bellamy had berated Lori because she 'd been engaged to Geoff Duncan .
te	PAST	They all resumed their seats .
te	PRES	" You suck at this , " she teases .
te	PAST	Popcorn spilled out of the bowl beside us .
te	PRES	The boy walks toward us .
te	PRES	" I 'd hoped to sleep in late , " he continues , looking sideways at Annie again and then back at Doug .
te	PAST	I slouch in the sofa , staring at the colorful poster on the wall that has a picture of a guitar on it .
te	PAST	In frustration I bang the ballerina with the side of my fist .
te	PRES	The clue appears in the last word .
te	PRES	He nods , walking closer .
te	PAST	Demons rarely ventured into the heavens , much less to an angel 's residence , but it could be done .
te	PRES	" And my grandmother . "
te	PRES	" If you 're done complaining ... " he trailed off with a hint of a smile .
te	PRES	She laughs with a small roll of her eyes and I 'm relieved .
te	PAST	And then , he clocked himself out for break , took my arm , and marched me down the hall .
te	PAST	Milton barked out his displeasure at hearing this news .
te	PAST	The bar lined the other .
te	PRES	" The hot classics professor ? "
te	PRES	You two deserve each other ! "
te	PAST	He licked the green juice from between his fingers .
te	PRES	" And it appears there is no other way out besides those and the way we came . "
te	PRES	The two boys swam toward the western shore .
te	PRES	He leans down and kisses my forehead , causing Helena to take a sharp breath .
te	PAST	A flush stained her cheeks at his dismissive words .
te	PAST	He spotted the aircraft .
te	PRES	He puts a hand on my knee and I flinch .
te	PRES	Nothing lasts when you 're sixteen .
te	PAST	Ian queried , " these Priests , what do they say ? "
te	PRES	I repressed a sigh .
te	PRES	One wonders how they would find another somebody like this .
te	PRES	He puts down his pen .
te	PRES	He just sits back and prepares for the flight .
te	PRES	" With Angeline ? "
te	PRES	I tease you about him , but you know I think of him as a brother .
te	PRES	Unfortunately for you , I operate on a different set of laws that don 't work in your favor .
te	PRES	He hangs up and I feel guilty for lying to him .
te	PRES	No one hurts my family and gets away with it . "
te	PAST	Leo bellowed desperately from below .
te	PRES	" Can you beep back at John ?
te	PRES	The king owns your land , so you can 't sell .
te	PRES	He follows the trail to the windy and rainy city of Manchester .
te	PAST	His eyes looked lost , his posture exhausted .
te	PAST	With slender tools he coaxed the lock .
te	PRES	With all the hours she puts in I wonder sometimes who is the senator , Sara or Healy . "
te	PAST	But it still pissed him off , and judging by the looks on his brothers ' faces , they knew he was pissed .
te	PAST	The debris rained down on the spaceport .
te	PRES	Alec nods , his eyes never leaving mine .
te	PAST	She almost slumped into the chair .
te	PAST	Just behind them , the reports of pistols echoed .
te	PRES	" She ´ s crazy , " Finley interrupts .
te	PAST	" That 's not me in the video , " she protested .
te	PRES	" But none with a three week time limit . "
te	PAST	Chapter 14 Lesa practically pounced on me the moment I sat down in class .
te	PAST	After , he hailed her a cab and she went home and vomited on the front steps of the building .
te	PRES	He knelt with the spike and the hammer .
te	PRES	As for Christie 's and Sotheby 's and a couple of other well-known houses , they claim never to have heard of Dr. Wilson or Mr. McKay .
te	PRES	But watching me , nonetheless .
te	PRES	" When in doubt , error on the high side . "
te	PAST	Shaking his head , Dominic corrected him .
te	PAST	A dark hooded and terrible figure suspended in the air effortlessly , looking in my direction .
te	PAST	Her own legs twitched and kicked several times , as if she believed herself to be running away from something .
te	PAST	Liam thumped his back against the wall and sighed .
te	PAST	Mortality weighed more heavily on her now .
te	PRES	As if her thoughts opened a secret door into another consciousness -- a bodiless consciousness .
te	PRES	And word travels fast .
te	PAST	Detective Ingram kneeled beside his fallen partner with Jones 's gun in hand .
te	PRES	" It sure does , " agrees my aunt .
te	PRES	" Yeah , " Ethan quickly agrees .
te	PAST	Yet my heart thumped in my chest .
te	PRES	Miss Black crosses her legs at the knee and leans back in her chair .
te	PRES	" Only one besides the girl still resides on this plane , her older brother .
te	PAST	Even the teacher packed up and disappeared .
te	PRES	I mumble an apology to Ginger for taking more than fifteen minutes .
te	PRES	Riley knelt down on the dirt floor .
te	PRES	" You murdered my wife ? "
te	PAST	Hair formed around the face , and if I hadn 't seen her face a thousand times , I wouldn 't have known her .
te	PRES	My fingers itch to hold him too , but that 's beside the point .
te	PRES	' More demons ? '
te	PAST	He rammed the side entrance with his shoulder .
te	PRES	" How many green elephants ? "
te	PRES	" I think we 're compatible , " he groans against my mouth .
te	PRES	But ... all of a sudden , Advent happens and this Judge reveals himself when we make a wish ?
te	PAST	He owned it before I did . "
te	PAST	and shushed each other .
te	PAST	He sat alone while the others ate , his body and legs exhausted .
te	PRES	" No worries ! "
te	PRES	She leans into his face .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PRES	" That concerns me because ? "
te	PAST	Every time he walked a circuit of the cabin , his gut nagged him with worry .
te	PAST	" Not for me it 's not , " she retorted .
te	PRES	If they choose the latter , then it puts them under our theological control .
te	PAST	The answer , validated by the evidence of history , was so incontrovertible , her stomach heaved .
te	PRES	" And now we just wan na know why , Bob . "
te	PRES	My chest hurts like hell , but when I reach up and feel my nose , it don 't hurt , so that 's something , anyway .
te	PRES	She twists her hands in excitement .
te	PAST	He clicked his phone shut and shoved it into his suit coat pocket .
te	PRES	Evie sits up , wrapping the sheets around her .
te	PAST	She squeaked in surprise , startled out of her thoughts .
te	PAST	Zane howled in pain , and his body jerked hard as he took the volley of shots right in the chest .
te	PAST	' I do feel for you , Frances , ' she eventually declared , ' I really do .
te	PRES	She motions him to follow and leads him to a girl , unconscious and laying on the ground .
te	PRES	" But , your grace .
te	PAST	I drank long gulps from the water fountain .
te	PRES	I leapt to the cash register .
te	PAST	Although the darkness was still very much prevalent , the horizon displayed signs of the sun about to peek through .
te	PAST	Trucks packed , which is why I didn 't drive it down here . "
te	PRES	Then he leans back in his chair and folds his hands on his lap .
te	PRES	Nevertheless , the more he thought about it , the more he reconsidered that position .
te	PAST	He licked the tip of one .
te	PRES	But unfortunately , the two parts separate and the spirit never wanders back to the body ... at least not to my knowledge . "
te	PRES	I giggle , " Cool ! "
te	PAST	Lucan hissed a low curse .
te	PRES	He just laughs and sticks his hand out .
te	PRES	The other barons rule petty villages .
te	PRES	Grabbing her bow and arrow , she walks toward them .
te	PAST	He deserved it . "
te	PRES	A new danger awaits us .
te	PAST	" Thatch , Cobble ; it looks like you may yet be able to avoid your fates for failing me , " the Baron coldly cooed .
te	PAST	I punched him in the mouth and focused back on Ryder , which wasn 't hard to do .
te	PRES	He backs off , the increased distance almost imperceptible , but to me it is a dangerous gulf .
te	PRES	Cameron laughs inside my head .
te	PRES	To just let go of all those hopes that this had given me .
te	PRES	" No forwarding address ? "
te	PRES	" We have until Friday before the bank files an eviction notice .
te	PRES	He fears he has got away .
te	PRES	* * * All night Julia was tempted to text Clay .
te	PAST	Nina gulped at the name and surged with the relief .
te	PAST	" Sorry , sorry , " he quickly apologized .
te	PRES	" What rumors ? "
te	PAST	The polished marble floor gleamed under her feet .
te	PRES	I tease walking backwards .
te	PRES	She tilts her head .
te	PAST	He heaved a sigh and slid down into the water , the suds closing over him like a blanket .
te	PRES	" Cactus Springs . "
te	PAST	I obeyed and started licking my chocolate ice-cream .
te	PAST	There , in the darkness of the corridor , I shivered .
te	PRES	She squeals and spins around to loop her short arms around his neck .
te	PRES	His heart sinks when he realizes he has underestimated Stephanie 's decline .
te	PAST	I drank from my glass of milk .
te	PAST	A four-poster bed dominated the middle of the floor , and a matching antique dresser graced one wall .
te	PRES	' And arrogant . '
te	PRES	Then , in 1852 , reference to the dressing table .
te	PAST	Carina 's brow furrowed and she looked askance at me .
te	PRES	" Where ya off to ? "
te	PAST	" Personality matrix integration complete mistress , " JD chirped happily .
te	PRES	" You 're both acting like idiots , " I scolded .
te	PRES	' You still having that dream , Meatball ? '
te	PRES	The course of the Rhine below Mainz becomes much more picturesque .
te	PAST	Anne Marie and Ellen f it so perfectly together that their story had inspired me to look beyond my fears .
te	PRES	" Yes on all counts .
te	PAST	Its forward path blocked by even higher mountains , with others lifting even higher behind that .
te	PAST	He scooped up some snow and held it against her ankle .
te	PRES	" Oh , I insist alright . "
te	PAST	Plates in hand , they packed away pieces of Texas sheet cake .
te	PRES	" Isn 't he the heir ? "
te	PAST	Leah leaned in , brow furrowed in concentration .
te	PRES	" He dangled a carrot I couldn 't refuse . "
te	PRES	I possess some skills of healing and I wish to give assistance .
te	PAST	Birds chirped in the background , bright and cheerful in the warm afternoon that almost had the feel of spring to it .
te	PAST	he hissed , and they shuddered at the hideous change .
te	PAST	They crept forward and peered over the edge of the roof .
te	PRES	She swallows hard and focuses on her papers .
te	PAST	He eased his thumbs into her , pressing upward , finding the perfect spot just inside .
te	PRES	Jake pictured the glowing artifact in the British Museum .
te	PAST	Her fingers tapped the table as she stared at her mother .
te	PAST	She owned a couple of them , which she treasured , but didn 't intend to collect more .
te	PAST	He bowed his head .
te	PAST	He eased himself up against the headboard , propped his arms behind his head and waited .
te	PRES	She gasps at the sight of the torn docking column .
te	PRES	' And an elf ? '
te	PRES	It appears to be alright . '
te	PRES	Mr. Levi , who has a short fuse when he 's happy , keeps telling this kid to settle down .
te	PAST	She never realised that what I felt for Helena would never be jealousy .
te	PRES	None of them acknowledge me so I don 't feel any obligation to do different .
te	PAST	That intrigued me . "
te	PAST	He found Ted Smith squatted on the floor , peering up through a small opening by Boiler # 1 , flashlight in hand .
te	PAST	He recalled it from Jackson 's message .
te	PRES	What if she just decides to never approve my custody of Nathan ? "
te	PRES	" More soup ? "
te	PRES	Mr. Moretti appears shocked at the stony look I throw at him .
te	PRES	Especially if you can actually sneak me out . "
te	PAST	Dirt rained down on me as the earth shook and rolled .
te	PAST	The interior blasted them with heat from the magma chambers beneath them , forcing the Carpathians to regulate their temperature .
te	PAST	Cian signaled to Simon .
te	PRES	A cruel smile spreads behind my mask .
te	PAST	He gestured with a gloved hand to the sofa .
te	PAST	It hasn 't rained in a very long time around here , so I guess it can be taken as a sign .
te	PRES	My heart beats so fast I can feel it in my teeth .
te	PAST	I swore violently , almost throwing my phone against the wall .
te	PAST	" Vodka , straight up , please , " he gulped it down and ordered another one .
te	PRES	I traversed the streets without any clear conception of where I was or what I was doing .
te	PRES	But , get this me darling ; all they was stealing were paper !
te	PAST	He tapped his fingers restlessly on the wood tabletop between us .
te	PAST	Her eyes were shut , lips still pursed like she was reliving the kiss .
te	PAST	Autumn loaded Abby down with the flowers and lightest grocery bags and picked up the rest herself .
te	PRES	" Yeah , more or less , " Bob replies .
te	PAST	Deacon spotted my gaze and winked .
te	PAST	My gaze traced every line of his rugged face .
te	PRES	Kai crosses his arms .
te	PRES	" Just past eleven .
te	PRES	" Hey , you 'll mess up my system , " Mary scolded .
te	PAST	She shivers , practically vibrating with sexuality .
te	PAST	" She suffered so much .
te	PRES	Michael and Ben 's grandmother swam out into the middle of the river , got into difficulties and was beginning to drown .
te	PAST	Spider drank some of the water .
te	PAST	Fingers that looked talented .
te	PAST	She sized him up in a long glance .
te	PRES	But even if you don 't , my hair grows quicker than a weed . "
te	PRES	He felt her body tense , the fear invade , her heart picking up the pace as her hand resisted its ascent .
te	PAST	" But I didn 't ... I wouldn 't ... Ah you 're joking , " she recovered awkwardly .
te	PAST	King Baldur 's face paled and his hand dropped .
te	PRES	" That appears to be the case . "
te	PRES	" Shouldn 't be too much of an issue , depends on the timing really .
te	PRES	When I takes the cup she leans over the table and puts her hand on my knee .
te	PRES	He wonders vaguely if the doors here can be closed .
te	PAST	He deserved to know the truth !
te	PAST	His vision darkened at the corners as he read what was written there .
te	PAST	California formed its own country , as well as Montana .
te	PRES	Brielle shakes her head in disgust .
te	PRES	" Whatever , " I mumble as I make my way down to my apartment .
te	PRES	She squeals again and goes to get the broom .
te	PAST	Every single summer , before and after he retired someday .
te	PRES	He walks over to one of the single person bathrooms along the wall and opens the door .
te	PAST	" So , where 's Lover Boy today ? "
te	PRES	He grabs at my h * ps kissing me with so much desire and passion it heats my skin .
te	PRES	My voice sleeps and I have no terrible impulses to speak .
te	PAST	Cassie tapped her pencil on the surface of her notebook .
te	PAST	The floor creaked beneath his weight and she tried to hide her fatigue by jumping to her feet and shoving the chair back under the table .
te	PAST	She scooped up the large T-shirt that smelled like him .
te	PAST	Everything clicked into place then .
te	PRES	She stays where she is , unaffected by my instruction .
te	PAST	Blood dripped down the side of his face from a nasty gash on his forehead .
te	PAST	A crimson trail oozed from the gash on his head .
te	PAST	Clouds overhead blocked any star or moonlight , leaving him in darkness .
te	PAST	* The small pantry window creaked open and the two lithe figures slipped in one after the other .
te	PAST	He nearly splintered the wood as he pounded his fist on the door .
te	PAST	She also analyzed the layout of the roof and walls .
te	PAST	Miranda strode to her office to throw down her purse and pick up the file for Mr. Corbin .
te	PAST	His eyes flickered to the sunflower in my hand , then to my plain black t-shirt and jeans before looking me in the eyes .
te	PRES	" Because he fights for you ? "
te	PRES	" So that serves it then ... " He got out from my bed , and stood near my window , stretching his long arms and legs .
te	PRES	As his lips touch mine , my heart erupts like a volcano , sending overheated blood coursing through my veins like an out of control wildfire .
te	PAST	Rome sagged back in his chair , baffled .
te	PAST	" I 'd been wondering how Rose and Dimitri would handle having kids or not , " I remarked .
te	PRES	She backs up to the trunk , bends her knees slightly , and runs with sure , steady steps .
te	PAST	Tears coursed down the other Blue 's face .
te	PRES	" Edna and Pearl . "
te	PAST	Marcus spotted the captain up near the prow , speaking intently with Maestro Magnus .
te	PRES	Slowly , he spreads his arms , holding them out to his sides , away from his body .
te	PAST	Delicate , he guessed , but passionate .
te	PRES	You build something great , something large , something that gets people 's attention and you 're remembered forever .
te	PRES	" Ooh , I call dibs , " Markus claims .
te	PAST	Auron sipped on his tea with such annoyance watching his master laugh at his hair .
te	PAST	Said he with disinterest , " perhaps you are not as foolish as you seem , which is not saying much , however .
te	PRES	Blood trickles from a thousand different places , covering his flesh completely , despite the rain 's best effort to wash it all away .
te	PAST	The sound scraped Vivian 's spine like nails on a chalkboard because she didn 't know what it meant .
te	PRES	' None but the brave deserve the fair . '
te	PAST	No offense , " she sputtered .
te	PRES	Steve knelt down and felt the side of Janice 's neck .
te	PRES	She grabs his arm to stop him .
te	PAST	Slowly , she cracked the door open and peeked outside .
te	PAST	When at last he pulled back , he apologized to Vela for being so rude .
te	PAST	" Oh , and our team won the East Cowes quiz again , Sir .
te	PAST	Two dead creatures sprawled nearby , their severed arms making a neat frame around the downed man .
te	PRES	His jaw tightens , but his expression never changes .
te	PAST	Machine after machine greeted her .
te	PRES	A husky , little girl giggle .
te	PRES	I refuse to give in , to give up , like Sam did .
te	PAST	" Natalie ... " he pleaded , gruffly .
te	PAST	He guessed Presley had been on something .
te	PAST	The corner of his briefcase dripped cow shit .
te	PRES	" I 'll go pick her up and drop her off , " he assures me , still jittery from my threat .
te	PAST	I stashed the car and walked back .
te	PRES	Lucy shouts but still doesn 't turn around .
te	PRES	Cries of , " Watch out ! "
te	PRES	Defeated , each sank into their own , emptiness creeping into the stalks of waving palms that held vigil over failure .
te	PRES	Somewhere deeper maybe a pike stirs , pleased by the lower temperatures .
te	PRES	My heart twists with longing , hot and bitter .
te	PAST	He tiptoed quietly over to the gate and slowly lifted the open lock and put it down on his bed making absolutely no sounds at all .
te	PAST	My father taught me that he is a monster , yes , but my hatred of him gave him great power over me .
te	PRES	I gesture to her chest .
te	PRES	Verity sleeps with no one but me . "
te	PRES	" Do a power cell change before you absolutely need it , " she scolded .
te	PRES	In a way it scares me to be like him .
te	PRES	Low and behold , the tips double .
te	PAST	When she nibbled on her bottom lip before taking a drink from the amber liquid in her mason jar .
te	PAST	Iain 's jaw bunched as he let out a hissing curse .
te	PAST	James 's mother dabbed at her eyes with a carefully folded Kleenex .
te	PAST	As grey smoke billowed around him , he realised his wings were on fire .
te	PAST	My necklace bumped against my chest as I leaned down to offer Archer a hand .
te	PAST	' You were like a stuntman on the Nürburgring , ' Reid retorted darkly .
te	PAST	His shirt stained with sweat and grass and white bits of fluff .
te	PRES	She traced a line to its end , " This appears to end , but it also goes just a bit beyond where it stops . "
te	PAST	" Oh yeah , Kenna wants to check out some witch shop called cauldron something , " Bree blurted in her drunken state .
te	PRES	The old code breaker . "
te	PAST	" You bastard ! "
te	PRES	Although he looked to be a mean drunk .
te	PAST	A heavy weight roiled my stomach .
te	PAST	Warm fuzzies crept across my skin .
te	PAST	The lock on the outside door clicked .
te	PRES	' Sadie , you can 't cook , ' ' Sadie , your house is a mess , ' ' Sadie your children run wild . " '
te	PAST	He slashed with the seraph blade as they rolled across the floor , and she deflected his blows easily , moving so fast she was a blur .
te	PRES	" Not very nice weather ! "
te	PRES	She keeps calling the owl it .
te	PAST	Reaching out , he stroked one finger down her soft cheek .
te	PAST	Alaina chewed her lip .
te	PAST	Jonas 's hand stilled on her foot .
te	PRES	After about thirty minutes , Marty said , " Pull over . "
te	PAST	Then she crept to the door .
te	PRES	His hysteria and desperation seep through his words as he fights back the tears .
te	PAST	" Enjoying your country , you sick bastard ? "
te	PRES	You alright in there ? "
te	PAST	It suddenly occurred to Jaxon she could see as well as if the sun were shining on them far below the earth .
te	PRES	The Keeper of the Cabin controls the Mist .
te	PAST	He crumbled down into the earth , burying himself in the stone , and within moments there was little trace of the creature at all .
te	PAST	Breath hissed through Joe 's flaring nostrils .
te	PRES	It extends their effective power .
te	PRES	" Come on , Specter .
te	PAST	She 'd even recovered some things people were throwing away , and remade them well enough to get them into some of the shops that resold furniture .
te	PAST	Soon he resumed his long sure strokes .
te	PRES	I deserve to be treated better than this . "
te	PAST	" You will have to do better than that , monster , " he snarled at Lysander .
te	PRES	He grabs both of my wrists in one hand and pins them above my head .
te	PRES	He smells so fine , just like I remembered .
te	PRES	" The Guards will drop your belongings off , " Mrs Lake snarls .
te	PAST	" If you 're lucky , " Celaena purred , and walked away .
te	PRES	At the sidebar , Judge Watts also hopes she can cut this short .
te	PAST	As you 'll recall , the jury nailed them on RICO and conspiracy charges .
te	PRES	I lick my lips then turn around .
te	PAST	She grasped at the hope .
te	PAST	" You look like you need a holiday " she quipped .
te	PAST	She detested the smell of chicken blood .
te	PAST	Rough hands grasped Kaylee and dragged her off , moving down a few flights of stairs as she screamed and struggled .
te	PAST	She chewed her lip .
te	PAST	Shaheen echoed her suspicion .
te	PAST	Our search parties scoured all the public areas we could , checking some of them twice , without finding anything .
te	PRES	" You separated . "
te	PRES	Emelia dreamt transiently about running through the long grasses , clouds of seeds rising like vapour around her .
te	PRES	It grows worse with every repetition .
te	PRES	But then instinctively she becomes frightened and runs away to hide .
te	PRES	I almost burnt my tongue off . "
te	PRES	Rachel 's text weighs on me .
te	PRES	He hits it hard enough that we hear the air escape his lungs as he collapses in a heap on the ground .
te	PRES	Still under Din 's influence , he finds himself unable to even converse without growing enraged , every utterance of his subjects irritating him beyond reason .
te	PAST	" He is a better man and a more honorable man than either of you could ever hope to be , " Juanita retorted .
te	PRES	Every time the man screams , he shoves Trystan back into the wall , harder and harder , choking him .
te	PRES	" Marcus Grey ? "
te	PRES	Cold , " said Nehemiah Trot , proudly .
te	PRES	I whistle two fingers inside my mouth like a true cowgirl .
te	PAST	" I certainly am , " Jamie confirmed with a cheeky smile .
te	PAST	His words confirmed the admiration she read in his eyes .
te	PAST	" The show flopped , so we 're going to use the set for this one .
te	PAST	She slowly traced her finger over the spines , seeing many different names and titles .
te	PRES	He texts back right away .
te	PAST	What started off soft soon blazed into something red hot .
te	PAST	Her silver eyes glittered like the stones adorning her .
te	PRES	" Stop , " he begs , pained .
te	PRES	My head hurts , as though somebody took a sledgehammer and tried to split it in two .
te	PRES	As the boat sailed under the sinking balcony , a sleek shape vaulted into view , back paws kicking off the railing for extra distance .
te	PRES	" Because beautiful women deserve beautiful things . "
te	PRES	He shakes his head with confidence .
te	PRES	" My boyish charm .
te	PAST	" I have something you might find useful , " the elder elf declared , changing the subject .
te	PAST	" I discovered these at the back of the wardrobe only last week , " Mathison panted .
te	PAST	No substitute for the motorways existed or could exist .
te	PAST	" I 'm nothing like F. U. " Winston protested .
te	PAST	Fire sputtered from her hands , but it didn 't burn their suits .
te	PAST	Ten past nine , Kim Ju observed .
te	PRES	" Slow down , honey .
te	PRES	As I touch the envelope for the first time , it hits me yet again how different our lives are .
te	PAST	Heather mounted the stairs to the stage and approached the director to whisper something to him .
te	PRES	" And drives them in where , exactly ?
te	PRES	He swam toward it and soon he saw the bike trail climbing out of the water .
te	PRES	Golden hair curling innocently around a face somehow more devilish than saintly , Thane cast a wicked sapphire gaze his way .
te	PRES	Her understanding , of what I was trying to do , shows me that I have done it .
te	PAST	They rocked together , the chair creaking its protest , Ainsley 's legs wrapped firmly around him .
te	PRES	Roland sits next to me .
te	PRES	The entire pile shifts to take up the new vacancy .
te	PAST	A part of her brain analyzed that , how it could possibly be , but she went without fighting the strong compulsion .
te	PRES	According to Marshall , Gage spends most of his time imagining me without my underwear , and I keep wondering what he looks like with them on .
te	PAST	" Mutt , " Damon acknowledged , giving a half smile , and Matt rol ed his eyes .
te	PAST	His brows furrowed with confusion .
te	PAST	" Quick , let us get out of here , " barked the Frenchman leading the rebels .
te	PAST	A distant jogger and her two romping mongrels owned the whole beach .
te	PRES	" I know , Lot .
te	PRES	" What colonies ? "
te	PAST	The drizzle eased aloft , and through the drumming streams of rain cascading from the roof -- the low foghorn boom .
te	PAST	Worrying the hem of my shirt , I steeled myself .
te	PAST	Reece blended into the heavy pedestrian traffic and walked calmly until his description was broadcast to other officers .
te	PAST	Nicole slumps down in the chair opposite me , dropping her bag to the floor and burying her head in her hands .
te	PAST	He tapped his head .
te	PAST	He almost fainted from shocked , when he received the results three weeks later .
te	PRES	Nicole raises her eyebrows .
te	PAST	When they were alone , Ricky gestured Glock to seat .
te	PRES	" How about a compromise ? "
te	PRES	" But with restrictions . "
te	PAST	The lean Siamese stirred from his place in the gods and made his way down to floor level via the back of the sofa .
te	PAST	" You look at me , Johnny Reb , " he snarled .
te	PRES	Leaning into him , she said solemnly , " Because I didn 't want to hurt you again , Rico .
te	PAST	I choked up and had to pretend I had something in my eye .
te	PAST	Your arguments convinced me : the texts are authentic .
te	PRES	No harm to the Shifters or the human staff . "
te	PRES	And he rushes toward me .
te	PAST	But as the shimmering excitement began to clench her muscles , she grasped his face in her hands .
te	PAST	His manhood stirred in his pants .
te	PRES	As a member of the Council , I demand that you tell her I am here . "
te	PAST	Unhealthy tufts of scraggly weeds flanked the feeble rivulet .
te	PAST	Smoke wafted from one of the missile launchers attached to the bottom of the machine .
te	PRES	The palazzo smells like a garden . "
te	PRES	" But the dogs , Fisher , should we not -- ? "
te	PAST	We exchanged blow after blow , insult after insult , as the duel raged on .
te	PRES	My heart beats faster now , for I am well aware of what happens to those who refuse him .
te	PRES	I rol ed my eyes .
te	PAST	" In time , Dee , " Boone cooed using Delilah 's words against her .
te	PAST	The sentry licked thin lips and smiled greedy , little , brown teeth .
te	PRES	" Yeah I know , " Jon replies ... " the whole first name thing can take some getting used to .
te	PAST	He intended to do that on St. Joseph Island , located to the north of Mustang Island .
te	PRES	Alec nods , his eyes piercing my soul as he searches for ... something .
te	PRES	Not that I object . "
te	PRES	I serve Him , not her .
te	PRES	" What about the pilot ? "
te	PRES	The door closes behind her and the room falls silent .
te	PRES	That is who God seeks , he claims .
te	PAST	" It 'll be fun to do some team bonding off the court , " Laurel chirped .
te	PAST	The man with the shaved head from the other night plugged his acoustic guitar into an amp and strummed self-consciously .
te	PRES	Nina leans down and covers her patient with the loose part of the comforter where he lies , sleeping bag style .
te	PAST	I had guessed this , but hearing the words come out of this creepy animal caused a slight gasp to spill out .
te	PAST	She huffed and turned her face away .
te	PRES	Mason nods , " Who 's the dude ? "
te	PRES	Utilizing his own momentum once again , she forces her weight backward , resulting in the both of them twirling in a circle .
te	PRES	She knelt down in the deep , rich dirt next to a large patch of dill , admiring the circular head of yellow flowers .
te	PRES	One deep breath , and she swings her free arm up .
te	PAST	Soon his back was in tatters , one of his horns chewed loose , a tendon severed .
te	PRES	His shoulders were broad , his upper arms muscular .
te	PAST	The lights flickered on as they walked , obviously motion sensitive .
te	PAST	Frio tapped Eloy 's photo .
te	PRES	" Alfred , that road appears to go straight up . "
te	PAST	Clementine basked in the ambient light 's glory a little while longer before responding .
te	PRES	Lily leapt up as if his touch were burning her .
te	PRES	I leapt from the bath at the sight of a heavily armed Warrior striding into my private bath .
te	PRES	" But ... he tried to hire a hooker ! "
te	PRES	I repent of all . "
te	PRES	He shakes his head , again .
te	PAST	" But not romantic , " she argued .
te	PRES	Rapid splashing footsteps accompanied by a pair of glowing , red eyes betray the imminent attack as Mai instructs Rift to dodge .
te	PAST	Jack scooped up a couple of my concept drawings .
te	PRES	I argue with her , and she gives in a little .
te	PAST	His hands won by a hair as he reached out to cup her .
te	PAST	And then something else occurred to her .
te	PAST	I guessed from his brilliant crimson irises that he couldn 't have been a vampire for very long .
te	PAST	He stroked her arm and let out a deep , satisfied breath , letting her feel his sense of satisfaction and utter rightness .
te	PAST	First he photographed an exceptional expansion joint in a circular concrete beam , which surrounded each floor 's external passages of the Infirmary Atrium .
te	PRES	Inside , I scented the air again .
te	PRES	But then my commonsense kicks in , and I pull my tongue out and bite down on his bottom lip hard .
te	PAST	Noah 's gaze flickered , though the rest of his face appeared etched in cement , and sexual awareness wrapped itself around her like a blanket .
te	PRES	My entire future depends on luck , on not getting caught .
te	PAST	He panned his binoculars beyond the town 's outskirts , taking in the lay of the land .
te	PRES	They excel in different areas , one picking up the other 's slack . "
te	PAST	The two other boats bumped together with staggering force , sending Mercer plunging into the river .
te	PAST	Short and weathered pillars of stone encircled them .
te	PRES	When he sees me , he nods a distracted greeting .
te	PRES	Will you marry me , Lucky ? "
te	PAST	" A pretty city bred thing like you will never make it out in these parts . "
te	PAST	It 's what best friends do , I reasoned .
te	PAST	" I did ... and I 've been greatly anticipating your homecoming , " she purred .
te	PRES	He nods , brushing his curls from his forehead .
te	PRES	I swam over to the edge , right next to him .
te	PAST	She sagged like a rag doll in her chair .
te	PRES	' No , clean shaven .
te	PRES	" Chem lab ? "
te	PAST	I yearned to feel something ... anything .
te	PAST	Ash 's eyes gleamed , the shadow of an evil grin crossing his face .
te	PRES	Uriah nods like that means something .
te	PAST	The skin around her eyes wrinkled with happiness .
te	PRES	' Well , possibly Spike , yes .
te	PRES	" Yes , " he replies .
te	PAST	She wrinkled her nose when she heard Cliff 's nasal voice .
te	PAST	Her throat bobbed as she swallowed it .
te	PRES	" No one dies of a broken heart .
te	PRES	" It warns us about what 's happening outside ... you know , on Earth . "
te	PAST	Kylie blurted out as she barged into Holiday 's office later that night .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	She closed her eyes , dreaming of a giant , ocean sized pond full of friends .
te	PRES	Damon rol ed his eyes .
te	PAST	I respected Fade for telling the truth , but his words offered no comfort .
te	PAST	His thumb traced her cheek , softly wiping a single anger filled tear making its way down her face .
te	PRES	How he would enjoy watching her eyes widen with wonder at the beauty of China and the wild , untamed lands of the Americas .
te	PAST	Aya gulped down some of the wine , then covered her mouth for a polite burp .
te	PAST	Shock and anger sliced through me .
te	PAST	He strolled away , stepping outside as he pulled out his phone .
te	PRES	Sometime , the prey becomes the predator , but only for a while .
te	PAST	This consisted of a large grassy mound covered with a scattering of small , prickly round bushes .
te	PRES	Will leans in toward my lips , his hair flopping against my nose , and I want this to happen but it can 't .
te	PRES	She spelled it out .
te	PRES	The man collapses on top of me , his hands going limp .
te	PRES	Whatever it takes to get you and your asshole buddies to show up there . "
te	PRES	" Please do not question me , Thornton .
te	PAST	The sudden realization ripped a gasp from him .
te	PRES	Sable moaned softly , her pose almost one of supplication , if not for the predator 's fangs that betrayed her true nature .
te	PAST	The rush of traffic eased .
te	PAST	He fell back weeping , his fists pounding into the ice until they , too , were bloody .
te	PAST	And the phone connection clicked off .
te	PRES	" Machine guns ? "
te	PAST	Kylie roared ; every instinct in her seemed to be turned on .
te	PAST	He stooped over and felt for a pulse .
te	PRES	I almost chicken out as I listen to the phone ring .
te	PRES	I pray that deep down she knows I wouldn 't cheat on her .
te	PAST	Erin rocked back as if she had taken a blow to the face .
te	PAST	" Say it , " he pleaded in a whisper .
te	PRES	" Generosity versus selfishness . "
te	PRES	He raises an eyebrow , still smiling , and drops his arms .
te	PAST	Gherkin tapped his finger against his jaw .
te	PRES	You brighten the light this world needs to see . "
te	PAST	His lips tasted salty , like the chips .
te	PAST	Now she was achingly , breathlessly aroused , her cunt creamy with lust and softening in eager anticipation of another wondrous orgasm .
te	PRES	Children still ran to their mothers , their tiny features now shiny black masks .
te	PAST	The bridesmaids consisted of Veronica , Violet , Anya , Becky , Isabella , and Rebecca .
te	PAST	Are they lurking in the shadows , Gunner ? "
te	PAST	Ali 's nose twitched with the scent of something close and sour , and after a moment , she realized it was herself .
te	PAST	I blurted before I could stop myself .
te	PAST	Slamming his truck door closed , he spotted Jill a couple of car rows down .
te	PAST	" You should do your job better , " the woman hissed .
te	PAST	I should 've guessed there was someone else .
te	PAST	I don 't think that 's how it 's supposed to work , " I remarked , placing a hand sympathetically on his shoulder .
te	PAST	Standing close , she dabbed at his mouth .
te	PRES	She laughs , angrily .
te	PRES	I shudder on his behalf as I watch the long hairy legs twitching against his palm .
te	PAST	He gestured beyond the crater .
te	PAST	Katie obeyed and handed her some bills .
te	PRES	I knelt down to try to help .
te	PRES	" Reckless bitch ! "
te	PAST	Peace enveloped him , soothed him , relaxed every muscle and tendon , loosened the fist of heartbreak that tightened his chest .
te	PAST	Adam strode past , leaning toward her .
te	PAST	Wireless sensors attached to his chest and head displayed readings on several monitors .
te	PRES	" I 'm sure it was just a mistake , " excused Spencer Cartwright , " perhaps he wasn 't aware of it ? "
te	PRES	She knelt down to have a look .
te	PAST	Ashby and Melinda leveled her with identical looks of hopelessness .
te	PAST	She gestured toward the duplicate on the table .
te	PAST	He stroked the Black Hand 's ring , still snug around his finger .
te	PRES	When he 's not comatose anyway . "
te	PRES	" Calls on your divine aid as ... ... his merciless enemies ... ... surround him . "
te	PAST	He clung to the edge of the open cracker box , looking in with dazed , unbelieving eyes .
te	PAST	She slouched against the cushions like she 'd used up every ounce of energy .
te	PRES	He blinks a lot , glances at me more , runs a tongue over his bottom lip .
te	PRES	My insides twist with warmth , and more than anything , I want to step into his arms and let him hold me .
te	PAST	He tapped the side of his head .
te	PAST	Concern immediately darkened both Rachel 's and Ethan 's eyes .
te	PRES	She swam to him .
te	PRES	" But a map , a model - these have a basic limitation .
te	PRES	They sparkle like drops of an ebony pond in his handsome face .
te	PAST	At least he had managed to ward Simone 's house to warn him if the traitor attempted to enter , he consoled himself .
te	PRES	" It smells much worse . "
te	PRES	Marshall ditches upstairs at supersonic speeds , creating a suction with his overeager sprint .
te	PRES	" Always a danger underwater . "
te	PRES	" Not even a peck . "
te	PAST	Lucian thrust one arm forward , a powerful blur that buried his fist deeply in the creature 's chest cavity .
te	PAST	Her breath hissed out between her teeth .
te	PRES	CHAPTER TWELVE The six weeks seemed to fly by for Tessa .
te	PAST	Clementine leveled them off .
te	PRES	" When I was growing up we were still the land of fifty united states , " she beams .
te	PAST	Ember only yearned for the old standbys , but chose to starve herself in any case , refusing even water .
te	PAST	I snarled , the pain growing more intense as balls of white light protruded from my palms .
te	PRES	Bobby sits across from me .
te	PAST	Salvation has functioned successfully on these principles for a hundred years . "
te	PRES	The entire crowd surges forward , and the silence they held before is broken .
te	PAST	A finger tapped my shoulder .
te	PAST	They mounted and dismounted from the mules a few minutes from the summit .
te	PAST	She choked back a laugh at his seeming sincerity .
te	PAST	Up ahead , dark clouds hovered .
te	PRES	Fried ripe tomatoes , fried green tomatoes , fried eggplant , fried okra , fried squash , fried anything and everything .
te	PAST	The book also taught Lucas that there are certain spells which do not necessarily require a particular center , known as rituals .
te	PAST	Her eyes darkened , and she allowed her robe to slip from her shoulders .
te	PAST	Hardened faces with veiled expressions observed the travelers warily .
te	PRES	She keeps saying over and over again that she isn 't allowed to go anywhere outside of the torture chamber .
te	PAST	Grace teasingly punched him in the arm .
te	PRES	It appears she was wrong . "
te	PAST	I wobbled my legs back and forth to keep warm .
te	PAST	Evil owned him once .
te	PRES	Did they develop AIDS ? "
te	PAST	She trailed off at her first close look at him .
te	PAST	he ventured , beckoning to be allowed to move closer to one particularly large oak .
te	PAST	Its glass faceplate cracked , and Jimmy grabbed its wrists .
te	PRES	" An endless supply of smart zombies . "
te	PRES	When I had ... my sons . '
te	PAST	[ There was a hoot of applause from the crowd . ]
te	PRES	My old partner from the force stays here and guards the camp from snoops and feds .
te	PAST	The comment hovered in the compartment , neither of us responding for a very long moment .
te	PAST	His service in the Army as a Military Police officer enabled him to learn and adapt quickly to the rigors and requirements of civilian law enforcement .
te	PAST	I flopped back on my bed .
te	PAST	The microwave pinged to let her know the food was cooked just as she finished sorting out cutlery , dishes and a drink for herself .
te	PAST	But the adrenaline masked the pain , even the deep microscopic holes in my back .
te	PRES	No one beats King Bobby at his favorite game . "
te	PAST	Her heart summoned tears , but she had lost the ability to shed them .
te	PRES	Flynn sits on the opposite side of the room , staring at the floor .
te	PAST	Her words echoed amid the empty rooms .
te	PRES	I peer into the envelope and pull out a ticket .
te	PAST	I got it from your mother , ' he confessed .
te	PAST	I should have guessed the reason .
te	PRES	Blade 's dark face appears on the screen , surrounded by stars , his blue eyes glowing , three sharp horns sticking out of his knobby forehead .
te	PAST	She stirred in his arms , and he could tell by the change in her breathing that she was awake .
te	PRES	" The bastards . "
te	PRES	Emily 's mother grabs the flower from her daughter 's hand and tosses it into a trash can .
te	PRES	calls out DeWitt as she leans back in her desk chair .
te	PRES	Silence filled the dark walls as she sat there , alone and scared , her body aching as she began having flashbacks of that night .
te	PRES	She beams , looking proud .
te	PAST	I intended to take my own reward and that 's how I ended up in this mess , with East Ham Engineering .
te	PAST	She gestured me with her hands to wait .
te	PRES	She raises her shoulders .
te	PAST	Most girls gained a freshman fifteen .
te	PAST	I mumble , reaching up to remove the makeshift blindfold from my eyes .
te	PAST	They exchanged a grim smile and then focused on the surviving villains , the foremost of which was standing over them and glowering fiercely .
te	PRES	I demand , my voice nearly shaking with anger .
te	PRES	" I would accept you , " Ethan quickly replies .
te	PAST	Then , we all hovered in place , sweeping the ground clean of our tracks with some cedar boughs before joining Yolanda in the sky .
te	PAST	I would have enlisted , but I had to volunteer for the draft instead .
te	PRES	Eric stays with Sharon , understand ? "
te	PAST	" There is no opportunity , Jared , " I hissed at him angrily .
te	PRES	My hand flies up to my throat as I jump backwards into the sink .
te	PAST	Milton choked on nothing .
te	PRES	He laughs without meaning to .
te	PRES	The last page of this album reveals another uncle , a clergyman , ambushed and killed in the vestibule of his church .
te	PRES	Serena 's neck prickles with chills .
te	PRES	Inside of Alexis 's room , it appears some kind of force is keeping me locked in here .
te	PRES	Just the two bags . "
te	PAST	" I am skilled , " protested Jace .
te	PAST	Controlling my anger , I complied with his request .
te	PAST	Spencer gestured in the direction of the police station .
te	PAST	Oh yes , he suffered . "
te	PRES	Thus those who are treated for demon pox today often receive this treatment while in the prisons of the Silent City .
te	PAST	Jaime apologized in his mind .
te	PAST	Soon , Caterina 's moans of pleasure drowned out any other noise to his ear .
te	PRES	" I 'm going to teach you a lesson , Skyla , " he pauses , " if you run I may not catch you .
te	PRES	" Success and achievement becomes a habit and second nature for them .
te	PAST	My mom kneeled next to Bobby . "
te	PRES	Helga puts the shotgun to Grinder 's forehead .
te	PRES	He rubs the cushion next him and gestures for me to sit down .
te	PAST	When the chains touched his arm , everything cracked like it had been made of glass .
te	PAST	She dashed away , overwhelmed with terror , taking the first corner she saw , ducking into an alleyway .
te	PRES	But Adam , to my surprise , stays where he is , his hands buried deep in his pockets .
te	PAST	People addressed the commander , but no one suspected Rema was hidden on the food cart .
te	PRES	From the vegetation , cries of wild beasts .
te	PAST	I licked my lips , tasting him there , and sought to draw his attention back to me .
te	PAST	He pranced around his mother .
te	PAST	another friend chirped in .
te	PRES	" The abduction of Jane Thornton smells of his vulgarity .
te	PRES	" Your opinion always counts , but I already told you I 'm not calling you what everyone else does .
te	PAST	The man then apologized to her .
te	PAST	You see , he never intended to make anything that was really alive . "
te	PAST	* * * * Pushing a luggage cart through Changi Airport , I strolled into Terminal Three with Sasuke quietly .
te	PAST	It only lacked her signature .
te	PRES	He tugs and tightens the buckles .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	" So this is quite a gathering , " Brian observed innocently , albeit a little sarcastically .
te	PAST	" I 'm not working with him , " I protested to Mr. Stone .
te	PAST	The door cracked open behind me .
te	PAST	He and Benjy exchanged a look , and Benjy 's grip on my shoulders tightened .
te	PAST	The text message from Duncan weighed on Colin 's mind .
te	PAST	This earned him a respect from the rough Vikings that all his knowledge could not .
te	PRES	Michelle spots me from across the room and salutes me with her red plastic cup .
te	PAST	Eyes wide , she fumbled with the seat belt .
te	PRES	The blood rushes from my head when I realize how irrational that sounds .
te	PAST	She hovered near his lips , tempted to kiss them .
te	PAST	She was drenched and breathless , her perfect hair plastered to her head and dripping .
te	PAST	" That doesn 't make any sense , " she protested .
te	PAST	It consisted of three screens and an ignition switch .
te	PAST	Argos summoned her to clear the way for the next Captain in Transit -- to eliminate any trace of them or their final days of madness .
te	PRES	You guys deliver , and I 'll do bonuses .
te	PAST	" Damn it , " I snarled .
te	PRES	No hits , try JFK again yesterday morning . "
te	PRES	Serena swings her trident in a wide arc over her head , gaining momentum .
te	PAST	On either side of her , trees blocked out the sun .
te	PRES	" An explosion ? "
te	PRES	How eagerly she awaits the arrival of a grandchild when she never had any use for her own son . "
te	PRES	" Of course , Ant .
te	PRES	It teaches us that there is a unity to all existence and that unity is the manifold of spacetime .
te	PAST	I bucked and moaned .
te	PRES	" Women rule . "
te	PAST	They exchanged looks , excused themselves and followed him out into the hall .
te	PAST	" This must be my lucky day , " he quipped to himself .
te	PAST	The rest of the house echoed the cavernous void .
te	PRES	The bell-shaped bloom skips along the ground , turning end over end .
te	PAST	He heaved a deep sigh .
te	PRES	We stroll on , the sun climbing in the morning sky on a ladder of wispy clouds , and I am so glad she is here .
te	PAST	Like water through a dam that has broken , they roar in my ears as I read the name engraved on the stone .
te	PAST	" Ours , " she corrected , knowing he could still hear her even though the door was closed .
te	PRES	She skips back inside , her blond hair swinging back and forth .
te	PRES	I learn to recognize Quickly 's handwriting easily , his long lettered cursive flows across the backs of the photos in fluid strokes .
te	PAST	Icicles formed in his blood .
te	PAST	I flopped into bed and laid there , forcing myself to think about happier things , about the new job I would start on Monday .
te	PRES	" Jas ... " Knox trails off .
te	PRES	" The three of us , " I mumble as I walk to my room .
te	PRES	" He lame ? "
te	PRES	" Just some paperwork . "
te	PAST	The power flowed through my veins , like a spring of cold crystal buried deep inside me .
te	PRES	Not only that , it appears the Chinese have been lining up to invest . "
te	PAST	He tasted like the spiced rum and faintly of cigarettes .
te	PAST	Sasha scooped the last of the cake into her mouth , then went on , " I don 't know .
te	PAST	No pun intended . "
te	PAST	I guessed Tommy had no way of contacting my parents directly , to check out my story , but he could have gone to Annie .
te	PAST	His father 's words haunted his subconscious as he stared at an ebony trunk sitting against the wall , half covered by an old , rotting cloak .
te	PRES	I roar , but I don 't say " eff " , now do I ?
te	PRES	Dressed in her oldest jeans next to Katherine 's supernova brilliance she felt invisible until Johnny noticed her albeit after he 'd smiled at Linda .
te	PAST	He gestured to the desk where James 's work was spread out .
te	PAST	Sergio 's eyes darkened as he leaned in and brushed his lips against mine .
te	PRES	" Yes , for us white colonial settlers I think so , but it is as it should be .
te	PAST	" I overheard some women , back at the village .
te	PRES	The grey of the famous Imperial roads slit the green and gold of the fading fields as autumn slid inexorably towards winter .
te	PRES	Then another awful thought fil ed my mind .
te	PAST	The nearest of their number , probably Crassus , hovered almost directly overhead , only just visible in the cloud .
te	PRES	She appears to be on the move .
te	PRES	They demand we share it , or else they put all of their strength behind a full-scale invasion of the Republic .
te	PRES	" Your filing contains many allegations , but no evidence to support them .
te	PAST	I inherited the amenity and was allowed to purchase it when the government starting divesting .
te	PRES	As we pull off my shirt , someone gasps behind me .
te	PRES	Juliet blinks at me , not moving .
te	PRES	They deem them liars .
te	PAST	She blended in with the final boarding passengers as they inched into the plane .
te	PRES	Part of me curses my foolishness for being captured .
te	PAST	He indicated the smudged carbon .
te	PAST	He cranked the engine while holding onto the stick shift .
te	PAST	" More like a terrified one , " Cole Bell quipped .
te	PAST	The man bellowed with laughter .
te	PAST	Ari recognised the accent as Australian , yet the boy had used the Greek word for grandmother , arousing his curiosity .
te	PAST	First looking at her watch and then at Rita , Julie remarked .
te	PAST	I possessed a big manor with no furniture . "
te	PRES	" Sure , " Tammie replies , anxious to get her off the phone .
te	PAST	Running through the living room , he spotted Quinn on the balcony .
te	PRES	Death awaits you . "
te	PRES	Then all of a sudden , something unexpected and inexplicable hits me , almost knocking me off my central balance .
te	PAST	He tasted like alcohol .
te	PRES	I moan as he takes a long lick of me , pulling my legs apart and repositioning his body between them .
te	PAST	The blue flame covering her body flickered but did not disappear .
te	PAST	He savored those books when he got them , but limited himself to a chapter a day , at the most .
te	PAST	That earned her another round of torture by side pinching .
te	PRES	" Some bald asshole in a suit . "
te	PRES	" Tiffany Black . "
te	PAST	The scouts aimed their bows at her chest to stop her .
te	PRES	Holly nods as if it 's the first time she 's heard this piece of information .
te	PAST	He winced at the salty beef in his mouth and made a face every time he chewed .
te	PAST	Kim drank her wine slowly .
te	PAST	A wet patch of blood darkened the left leg of her pants .
te	PRES	The world only rewards one thing , and the closer you get to it , the more rewards you 'll take . "
te	PRES	They pat each other on the back hard and then pull away .
te	PAST	Nicolas scooped up several and put them inside his pack .
te	PRES	When you escape it all , everything becomes so much clearer .
te	PRES	They still recognise you , and trust you .
te	PAST	When the class was over , the students chatted excitedly on their way back to the main building .
te	PRES	" Ron , you nailed it man .
te	PRES	The woman leans back in her chair and shakes her head .
te	PAST	He eased the machine out of its earthen garage and drove it under a nearby tree .
te	PRES	" Some crimes deserve to be punished by a man eating his own liver , others can be overlooked ; the laws stretched to accommodate .
te	PAST	A circle of light wafted over the top of the figure , like the shadows of the moon - a face , old almost scowling .
te	PAST	I echoed , confused .
te	PAST	The report of the rifle echoed in the small house , drowning out any cry of pain , but Kell knew he hadn 't missed .
te	PRES	Sighing , he swings his arm around me and leads me up the stairs .
te	PAST	The loud bass of the music thumped and it was almost as if the fire was flickering and weaving in time to the music .
te	PRES	He pauses and his hands grip the steering wheel and he forces a lump down in his throat .
te	PAST	He cracked a smile .
te	PRES	One shelf contains a beautiful wooden chest .
te	PAST	And he certainly owned a great number of books ... for a barbarian .
te	PRES	My stomach rumbles and I realize that though I might appreciate the rest , my body is crying out for something substantial .
te	PAST	And they suffered , bled out and died horribly just like we often did .
te	PAST	Damion swore and sat there for a moment with his mouth wide open and his heart beating fast .
te	PAST	But sometimes , just sometimes , he swore he saw something more .
te	PRES	She shakes her head and draws her lower lip between her teeth .
te	PRES	" You deserve better than this , you deserve so much more than this . "
te	PRES	" What if the Axis bastards pray ? "
te	PRES	Immediately falling through , Rift lands clumsily upon solid ground as the hole above him quickly closes .
te	PAST	' I think he ¯ ' ' I think I know what my own family need , ' Jerry barked .
te	PRES	To our brotherhood ... and to the empire itself . "
te	PAST	" Okay , " she relented .
te	PRES	It smells of death . "
te	PAST	" Totally in agreement , here , " Gary echoed .
te	PAST	Out of the corner of his eye he spied Daisy and Jack racing towards the door up ahead .
te	PRES	" Puerto Rico by way of Rome ? "
te	PAST	Isaac licked the crimson liquid from my arm .
te	PRES	It beats paying for an extra day .
te	PAST	Instruments of torture lined the walls , and cages of iron hung suspended from the ceiling by chains .
te	PRES	Neon orange clouds streak across a midnight blue sky .
te	PAST	I dismounted and headed in her direction .
te	PAST	Emily huffed quietly beside me at Kara 's hypocrisy , but there was no humor in it .
te	PAST	Then the arrow whacked into his right shoulder , through the body armor there .
te	PRES	" Yes , " Emma replies with a single nod .
te	PAST	" I don 't know , " Goodness confessed .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PAST	his voice roared after a moment .
te	PAST	What had already , in all probability , occurred .
te	PAST	Darryl wasted no time .
te	PRES	And with that , Violetta and I backtrack out of our alley and flee down a quieter path , away from the carnage .
te	PAST	He nibbled off a piece of the succulent meat and settled back into his chair to watch the match .
te	PRES	CHAPTER FIVE ' You 're mad ! '
te	PAST	Nothing screws people up worse than the truth . "
te	PRES	" Go someplace and play with your Barbies or something , okay ?
te	PRES	He laughs and Andrew punches his shoulder .
te	PRES	" What about the balls ? "
te	PAST	Chapter 3 " Ohh , isn 't it cute , " Nina cooed , holding up the multicolored cotton shawl .
te	PAST	As he grew older , he remarked often that this was a job for the young . "
te	PRES	That requires a lot of eating .
te	PRES	The pounding on the door continues .
te	PRES	He nods but makes no move to leave .
te	PRES	You wan na come ? "
te	PAST	I inhale , trying to erase the thoughts .
te	PRES	He swam toward a large rock nearby , indicating that I follow .
te	PAST	The glass bottle banged against the nightstand .
te	PAST	Hepworth confirmed Parrish 's guess that he ended up in the King 's Road .
te	PRES	" Is Sadie alright ? "
te	PAST	Her gaze pleaded with his .
te	PAST	Her fingertip traced a symbol near one of the hinges .
te	PRES	Then she walks out quietly , her ever faithful canine companion at her heels .
te	PAST	Suddenly he owned the company and I 've never really been able to find out exactly how that came about .
te	PAST	I straighten up , but didn 't let go of the human .
te	PAST	When the instrumental section came to a close , he finally reopened his inhumanly beautiful eyes .
te	PRES	Vel shakes his head .
te	PAST	The red masked one had been right , the Protectors were like sheep and he was their shepherd .
te	PRES	Plastic files for the not so important clients which included the police .
te	PRES	Logan rushes and gets me a glass of ice water .
te	PAST	Graham 's laughter echoed against the cave walls , which were still too damn eerie for his taste .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	" Who fears knowledge ? "
te	PAST	How could they believe that she had made this up to bring more attention to herself -- like that was something she lacked .
te	PRES	We possess real freedom . '
te	PRES	Hostility hummed through his large , football players build .
te	PAST	The fey swarmed together in a chaotic , writhing mass , leaping , howling and twirling madly , rejoicing in the coming of winter .
te	PRES	" God it 's good to hear your voice , Sophie . "
te	PAST	His acknowledgement consisted of no more than a subdued nod .
te	PAST	Ben and Rico sealed off the cabin and strapped in .
te	PRES	Her weight bruised the contents of my chest and was gradually forcing my spine right through the mattress .
te	PRES	" Beef burgers or veggie burgers ? "
te	PRES	She crosses the parking lot and yells something out when Luke appears on the sidewalk , heading for her .
te	PAST	Yolanda speared a chunk of shrimp and a bit of scrambled egg and ate quickly .
te	PAST	It merely clung , and might scrape loose if he wasn 't careful .
te	PRES	He whistles at the big purple welt forming .
te	PAST	I never really intended to hide the truth from you .
te	PAST	And she probably lacked the get up and go of other LA agents , especially on Monday mornings before gulping down her second cup of coffee .
te	PAST	My exasperation mounted as a woman reached around me to grab a gallon of milk from the adjacent milk case .
te	PAST	I heaved a huge sigh and buried my head against Gavin 's shoulder as we drove toward Nichols Hills .
te	PRES	" Or a grilled chicken ? "
te	PAST	I crept forward , prepared for any sort of traps she or Cronus might have set , but we made it to Nicholas 's room without interruption .
te	PAST	Dex rocked back on his heels , still grinning .
te	PRES	" Weddings , starting a life together , relationships ; all of it .
te	PAST	Just wanting the fact confirmed by her , forcing the admission with ruthless determination .
te	PAST	" I 'll never stand for it , " Stefan snarled .
te	PAST	I glimpsed movement on the stage , but it was too dark to be sure .
te	PRES	Not a moment after my mind comprehended the thought , I gunned the reverse .
te	PRES	She knelt beside me .
te	PRES	" For the fields ? "
te	PAST	" Sure baby , " she pouted .
te	PRES	" With what , a school recycling campaign ? "
te	PAST	The kettle clicked at that moment as he knew it would .
te	PRES	She really expects that her sister will just come out of the ground and join her .
te	PAST	Scarlett swore that if she hadn 't been standing right there next to Kat , she would have fainted .
te	PAST	Then I packed up my briefcase and headed home .
te	PRES	Tangled bits of flesh and entrails dangle from the tightly wound wires at random points .
te	PRES	He nods , as if to himself .
te	PRES	Cupping my face , he kisses me in a way that burns away all of my anxiety .
te	PAST	The old Cursor 's mouth twitched at one corner .
te	PAST	Again , I encouraged him to finish it .
te	PRES	His mind twists around the thought of being with her , only her .
te	PAST	He sipped on his goblet .
te	PRES	Vin flared pewter as she smashed her fist into the beast 's head .
te	PRES	A lazy grin spreads across his face as he watches me through hooded eyes , looking very pleased with himself .
te	PAST	Rodney jogged back and tossed the ball to me .
te	PRES	The disease hits everyone different .
te	PRES	The AI greets us politely as we cross the floor .
te	PAST	" No one 's perfect , " the Countess of Camden cheerfully and magnanimously declared , pardoning Alexandra .
te	PAST	The days crept onward and blurred , one very much like another ; and with a quality of strangeness .
te	PRES	Branding Sensing a world beyond the cul-de-sac , a nervy suburban kid fights back in his own way .
te	PRES	" I demand to be shown the way out , or I 'll scream for help . "
te	PAST	Set up in the middle of nowhere , the checkpoint consisted of a line of soldiers .
te	PAST	Across the yard in the parking area , Brandon slumped in the front seat of his truck .
te	PRES	" It scares me , Abby .
te	PAST	Students shielded their eyes from the glare .
te	PAST	He taught a citizen activist ecology class at the Senior Center .
te	PAST	I 'll look out for you , " she pleaded in her awful innocence .
te	PRES	She owns a store on the square with her mom .
te	PRES	When I asked my mom why , she said , " It hurts the other kids ' feelings . "
te	PAST	Deidre tapped on the keyboard .
te	PRES	He rarely stays more than a year in any one location .
te	PRES	Grotesque metal helmets with iron tongues that gagged the victim .
te	PRES	" Yes , and that limits the number of places to look .
te	PAST	Before anyone could say anything else , Mr. Noel strode quickly from the room , heading back toward the little closet where he had first appeared .
te	PAST	I weighed both options as quickly as the time allotted .
te	PRES	" Several potions . "
te	PAST	He pursed his lips and gave me a good looking over .
te	PRES	Every time he travels I worry he 's going to have some horrible accident with all the risky sports he 's doing . "
te	PAST	The guards resumed their places flanking us as we entered the back doors of the palace .
te	PAST	" I don 't think you had sleeping in mind , " Kaden ventured .
te	PAST	" He lashed out once .
te	PRES	Can we skip it this time and just get to killing you ? "
te	PRES	" Perhaps he thought nobody would believe us , " Nell suggests weakly .
te	PAST	Rafe swore , grabbed her hand and they ran to see what was going on .
te	PRES	Tobias grabs the Dauntless woman by the back of her neck and wrenches her to her feet .
te	PRES	As if I negotiated contracts worth thousands of dollars every day .
te	PAST	Her tongue tasted the flat point of his nipple and his breath hissed between his teeth .
te	PRES	He leapt upon his former mentor , sword flashing in the sun .
te	PAST	He nibbled the Jaffa cake .
te	PAST	Leaning against the oak , he drank himself into oblivion .
te	PAST	Roy quivered but didn 't awaken .
te	PAST	I punched him in the arm , hard , and responded to his smile with a scowl .
te	PRES	I ´ m being very cautious as I approach her .
te	PAST	Paul spotted a cobweb dangling from the ceiling and thought , lazy bitch !
te	PRES	" It depends on what it is . "
te	PAST	' There 's a river here , ' he hissed .
te	PRES	She walks to me and takes my face in her hands .
te	PAST	Carmine 's brow furrowed .
te	PRES	I rol ed my eyes .
te	PRES	She is fighting the impulse to dig into the Hershey 's Kisses she keeps in a bowl on the counter for her customers .
te	PRES	Sam puts his arm around my shoulder to comfort me .
te	PAST	At her front door they stop and she turns toward him , face upturned .
te	PAST	This woman rocked the ground until his vision fogged .
te	PAST	The headboard tapped against the wall .
te	PRES	" Nothing ever stays the same , uncle . "
te	PRES	When I mention that I 'd like to see what Locke has brought back from his travels , Geist agrees with reluctance .
te	PRES	He spends a lot of time out in his work shed out back .
te	PRES	" It frightens me .
te	PRES	And no witnesses besides myself . "
te	PRES	Tenchi grabs me , points down the street and says something , but I can 't hear .
te	PRES	Elizabeth Carter leapt up from her chair .
te	PAST	he bellowed , his thick accent making his already resonate voice sound even deeper .
te	PRES	Warmth spreads through my body and the desire to fuck something so I can come suddenly takes over my thoughts .
te	PAST	Patrick 's eyes gleamed .
te	PRES	She leapt aside , felt steel bite her shoulder as she slammed into a carved door , splintering slats .
te	PAST	Gunfire echoed down to them .
te	PAST	Brian 's color paled .
te	PRES	A wicked smile spreads across his face .
te	PAST	Caged light bulbs protruded from the ceiling every twenty feet , casting bright circles of light onto the dull grey floor and walls .
te	PAST	Arriving at They 's house Brick depressed the doorbell and awaited their host .
te	PRES	This becomes more potent when you can create the special person for your special purpose .
te	PRES	" Kamil , I demand you to wake Adel up .
te	PAST	They quickly enveloped her , holding her secure .
te	PRES	My body stays rigid as ecstasy consumes me .
te	PRES	Of course , the wronged ones combine to make a stronger force than such imagined ! "
te	PAST	he hissed , getting Chris 's attention .
te	PRES	It drives them crazy in their spirit .
te	PAST	" Don 't be stupid , " I hissed , moving past him .
te	PRES	Seeking the Truth - Chapter 1 England , 1212 Happiness depends upon ourselves .
te	PAST	When she would have retreated , Drake captured her hand in his and gently tugged her toward him .
te	PAST	Her mouth quivered for an instant , and her eyes glistened .
te	PRES	He leans back , taps out a few beats on the wooden arms of the chair , and waves me in .
te	PRES	He keeps pulling the sheet down , and finally pulls it over the barely-there panties .
te	PRES	No problem , Rashford assures me .
te	PAST	His legs buckled underneath him when he saw Williams leaning against the wall where he was supposed to be standing .
te	PRES	An ache spreads across my back .
te	PAST	Isn 't it time to stop pretending that everything shocks or confuses you ? ' '
te	PRES	He nods , leaning against the open stall door .
te	PAST	Eduard tackled him from the side and they grappled furiously in the dirt .
te	PRES	Another sharp look from Mom cuts her off .
te	PRES	Pete claps him on the shoulder , and then he hugs me way too tightly and leaves .
te	PRES	Jemima approach her friends ' table , ' Finn , are you coming up to play ? '
te	PRES	He shakes his head with dissatisfaction .
te	PAST	He roused back with a jolt .
te	PAST	He kidnapped and killed one of the old king 's daughters .
te	PAST	Skye pursed her lips .
te	PRES	I approach one of the glass cylinder booths and step inside .
te	PAST	She signaled violently to him , but he didn 't understand what could be causing her such distress .
te	PRES	Instead she grabs her keys and purse .
te	PAST	' Yes , you are , ' she protested fiercely , frustrated by his careless manner .
te	PAST	I merely collided with him .
te	PAST	With guaranteed money and a stern hatred for all men , Linda renewed her radical spirit and took up the cause of oppressed women everywhere .
te	PAST	The Great Dying occurred in 2081 AD and was caused by an artificial virus .
te	PRES	" I 'll race you to the cove Diana , " her mother challenges as she starts running .
te	PAST	The soft flush that stole across her cheeks confirmed it .
te	PAST	And such a lord . "
te	PAST	You inherited your ability to do this from your Wyatt ancestors .
te	PAST	James thumped his billiard cue on the floor and cursed .
te	PAST	" By the Heavens above , I bind you to this place .
te	PRES	' Good for you , Jolene .
te	PAST	" Easy , " Jackson soothed , pulling my glass down from my mouth before I drained it .
te	PAST	" The possibility wouldn 't bear thinking about except that you 've already proven yourself to be a wolf in sheep 's clothing , " Pia retorted .
te	PAST	" Mansion , " Ron corrected arrogantly , and I rolled my eyes , trying a bit of Cindy 's pie .
te	PAST	With a scream Mab threw herself back against the door , fighting it , her feet scrabbling and sliding as the wolves snarled and lunged at it .
te	PAST	Eugenie , " he hissed , leaning close .
te	PRES	" Probably because you were possessed , " I mumble .
te	PAST	She owed Aunt Martha that much .
te	PRES	" That 's a much nicer way of saying it , " I concede .
te	PRES	" You 've got witches across the street , fairies here in this building , and both are planning your execution .
te	PAST	Tad screws the lid back on a jar of orange marmalade .
te	PRES	Whatever he saw there silenced any further complaints .
te	PAST	And Michael respected her father 's research .
te	PAST	" So break them , " I brush a finger across his lips .
te	PRES	The sweetest kind of torture .
te	PRES	I knelt down as sirens finally pierced the air .
te	PAST	I blasted into the intersection as the light turned and gunned the car down Ocean Boulevard .
te	PRES	And it chases the Silvia who is me and who is also someone else , because we are two , but nobody knows .
te	PAST	The detective examined the ground : it may have been softer on Saturday , but it was rock hard now .
te	PAST	I signed a contract with a cosmetic company to do ads .
te	PRES	Tammie raises her eyebrows in shock and breaks into laughter , unable to contain herself .
te	PAST	Steve clicked on the entrance link to the main story and then read intently .
te	PRES	Then she freaks . "
te	PAST	A small smiled formed on my face and disappeared as I hugged him and began to sob .
te	PRES	In sadness , he watches me .
te	PRES	He backs up two steps .
te	PRES	' Are you coming , Boss ? '
te	PAST	Coughing , he pocketed the key .
te	PAST	He instantly recalled the town from the materials Lord had found in the archives .
te	PAST	Then I spotted her .
te	PRES	His fingers graze my skin before he squats down to whisper to his dog .
te	PAST	But the dark one stooped and picked up the tree , lifting it off the fallen one .
te	PRES	" It appears so .
te	PAST	Too many years on his own , he guessed .
te	PRES	He kicks us all out by the afternoon even though he had said I could spend the night .
te	PAST	Of course , mistakes occurred all the time , but they were always in the program , not in the machine .
te	PRES	" Well , whatever dork Lori wants to date is her problem , not mine .
te	PRES	" Back at you , Mandi .
te	PAST	Still , I hunkered down , protecting my head as best I could .
te	PRES	" Good mornin ' . "
te	PAST	It has spoiled . "
te	PRES	She shakes her head , balling her fists at her sides .
te	PRES	" Now serving number THREE ... SIX ... TWO ... at counter number FOUR . "
te	PRES	I snarl at her .
te	PRES	All the time , ma petite .
te	PAST	With his eyes accustomed to the dimness , Jake spotted movement at Kady 's shoulder .
te	PRES	" Well if this isn 't a love story why do you two insist on ramming your obvious love down our throats ? "
te	PAST	It tasted terrible , but Speed learned to ignore it after a few weeks .
te	PAST	Gratitude flickered in his gaze .
te	PAST	Balancing the screen door open , Luther unlocked the door and thrust it open .
te	PAST	" Please , tell me , " I beg , going over to my closet and getting a few hangers out .
te	PAST	The whisper echoed through the cavern halls like a chorus of ghosts .
te	PAST	Sabrina tapped her fingertips together .
te	PAST	This time one of the shells cracked .
te	PRES	Few crafters develop the discipline to hone many skills .
te	PAST	Her tongue licked over his skin .
te	PRES	" You refuse me ? "
te	PAST	She dialled the number still on the back of her hand and prepared for the unknown .
te	PRES	Her face glows with a warmth I will remember forever .
te	PRES	And the staff you have is so well-trained , Theo . "
te	PAST	Her body flamed and froze at the same time .
te	PRES	Terror swam over her every bone .
te	PRES	No matter what anyone says , I refuse to believe you actually walked into the cage at the zoo with the lions . "
te	PRES	" Why do you use a different name to do your work in - " " I believe it 's my turn , " he interrupts calmly .
te	PRES	Sean nods and seems to accept that as my answer .
te	PRES	" Hey , you wan na read one of the stories together like we used to ? "
te	PAST	Moonlight spilled through a window across from the bed , and next to it was a door leading to what appeared to be a small parapet .
te	PAST	She hissed under her breath .
te	PRES	" I undress to impress . "
te	PRES	He fal s face first onto the pil ow I just threw at him .
te	PAST	He disliked the sentiment but that was part of the smokescreen .
te	PAST	The clouds enveloped him , creating a dream haze .
te	PAST	He grasped William 's shoulder in a friendly gesture and waved to the crowd .
te	PRES	" A little sore , but otherwise fine . "
te	PAST	Hayden pursed his lips for a few seconds .
te	PAST	" Faith is a powerful thing , " Gabe remarked as though reading Jason 's thoughts .
te	PAST	A warm tingling sensation spread from her chest outward all the way to her fingers and toes .
te	PRES	" Control freak . "
te	PAST	And then she sipped his hot cocoa , and disliking him became easier .
te	PRES	It hurts , it hurts .
te	PRES	And don 't get yer hopes up that I won 't find it neither .
te	PRES	A warm tingling flows through me that has nothing to do with our conversation .
te	PRES	" Consciousness requires a goal ? "
te	PRES	She grins with mischief .
te	PRES	He didn " t know .
te	PAST	The same quizzical look which formed on both Maryellen and Tisha 's face indicated to Gene that they were surprised that he knew what Pooh sticks were .
te	PRES	He closes his eyes as though weary .
te	PAST	Understanding dawned on Casper 's face .
te	PRES	My mouth hangs open for a moment , and then I start to laugh .
te	PAST	A cheer greeted Moist when he came down the steps .
te	PRES	" But what of the Council ? "
te	PAST	" You must be very strong , " she mused as they waited for the elevator .
te	PAST	Said she had something to tell me ... almost like she couldn 't wait to spit it out . "
te	PRES	One peek in Sara 's room shows me she 's asleep , the picture of me and Barney in her hand .
te	PAST	" Not with different meanings , " the leader argued .
te	PRES	she asked , her tone belligerent .
te	PRES	He didn , t really hope for that , but it was possible .
te	PAST	Megan gagged again and put her hand over her mouth .
te	PRES	She kisses the top of my head .
te	PAST	" Kinda thought we were stuck in an elevator there for a moment , " Adele mused .
te	PAST	As he reached for his wallet , he addressed Yolanda .
te	PAST	" I didn 't panic , " she protested .
te	PAST	A ridiculous notion , that is , " Yoda tapped his cane on the floor .
te	PAST	She leaned down , her blue lips frosted over .
te	PRES	Shai gasps when she catches sight of the bronze blade , gleaming even in this dull , muted light .
te	PAST	A rustling in the distance alerted her to assistance and she scrambled forward with a new found dexterity .
te	PAST	Josh 's anger boiled inside him .
te	PAST	She signaled to her husband to press Play on the machine to start the video running .
te	PRES	" Yeah , " Rex agrees , shaking his head .
te	PAST	Some of the casualness leaked out of his posture , tightening his biceps .
te	PRES	A lot of things amuse me , but prison wouldn 't , and that 's why my parents send me up here every summer .
te	PRES	" Life is good , ain 't it ?
te	PRES	Met him a few times at meetings like this but he spends most of his time with much bigger fish than us .
te	PRES	He groans , holding his head .
te	PRES	Over time , it grows stronger , until the two are able to communicate telepathically .
te	PRES	Tears well in his eyes but he shakes them away and smiles .
te	PRES	" Yes , my job , and maybe my life , too , Sookie - not just yours , and Bill 's .
te	PRES	Screams , cries for help .
te	PAST	A fire licked yellow flame up a soot blackened chimney .
te	PAST	" Yes , " she hissed , her channel rejoicing at his taking .
te	PAST	The two men supervised the exchange as the day went on .
te	PAST	I love you so much , Buddy , " Mandy confessed .
te	PRES	Leaning forward , she puts her hand on Tim 's shoulder as he tries , unsuccessfully , to maneuver the key into the ignition .
te	PRES	He expects only to be back in three weeks . "
te	PRES	It dies with our bodies . "
te	PRES	Not that I deserve it after what she did . "
te	PRES	All the dimensions demand answers , and until they receive them , you stand here as an enemy ! "
te	PAST	Gabby trailed a step behind the group , adjusting the T-shirt she 'd worn over her bikini .
te	PAST	Chimes signaled the end of class , and I turned to go , leaving him gaping .
te	PAST	He thumped his Bible with his knuckles .
te	PRES	Holden appears to be frozen .
te	PAST	Simon barked out a laugh .
te	PAST	But I only partially succeeded . "
te	PRES	The fiery heat of his chest spreads to mine and my back curves upward as his fingers graze my nipple .
te	PAST	Then the motion detector light above the back door clicked on and flooded the porch with yellow light .
te	PRES	Got ta weird shadow in the frame . "
te	PRES	That requires vast amounts of energy , energy readily available in deep-sea hydrothermal vents . "
te	PRES	Jacques nods , but doesn 't smile .
te	PAST	" This is none of your business , " Christopher contradicted .
te	PRES	With lightening speed he arcs a blade through the air , slicing the sharp edge through the neck of a hapless young woman , practically decapitating her .
te	PAST	She relented in the end , but at first she begged him to stay .
te	PAST	At a little after nine , he strolled over to Corrado , his body relaxing naturally as relief set in .
te	PRES	I held you as a man holds a morsel with his fork , then cuts and eats .
te	PAST	" If you ask me that again when you know the answer , I 'll bite your precious girl , " I hissed .
te	PRES	" Shut up , Brielle .
te	PRES	It grows in intensity as if aimed at me to torment me .
te	PRES	" A large bubble bath awaits you . "
te	PAST	Several of the girls affirmed .
te	PRES	A week later , I receive an email showing the eagle flying across the moonlit lake , returning to his natural habitat .
te	PAST	" Just get it covered , " Mage said , her nose wrinkled as if she were fighting a repulsive odor .
te	PAST	* * * It is a rare secret indeed that never goes uncovered .
te	PRES	He grumbles before walking inside .
te	PAST	I packed and wondered whether Delta would send the folks at Harry Scott an email notifying them of the flight change since they had bought the ticket .
te	PAST	" Three hundred years of this , " Conrad hissed , his red eyes blazing with hate .
te	PRES	" The Crimson Saint ! "
te	PRES	He wonders how quickly this vast and total deprivation will drive him crazy .
te	PAST	Niall licked his lips nervously .
te	PAST	The , uh , other stuff came later , and well , it was okay , " I amended .
te	PAST	When they landed , Gregor dismounted but couldn 't straighten up without bumping his hard hat .
te	PAST	" And so I journeyed from India to Egypt , which to me has always been a hateful place .
te	PRES	Beth walks up beside me .
te	PRES	" Uhhh , " I said , unsure what to do .
te	PRES	Mr. Wayne , I refuse to allow her to accompany us . "
te	PAST	I asked for a blue dress , Daddy , not green , ' " he mimicked in a high voice .
te	PAST	Arrows swam through the air like schools of flying fish seeking dark scaled dragon flesh to pierce .
te	PAST	The beer dripped from her mouth and she caught it with her other hand .
te	PRES	The dim light of the dark dimension 's sun reveals they 've emerged onto the temple 's rooftop .
te	PAST	Luc thrust his jaw forward .
te	PAST	Dayne stroked his chin .
te	PRES	He grabs my foot and shakes it .
te	PRES	" A poker chip . "
te	PAST	But first thing in the morning , blasted with first light , it was a friggin ' cathedral .
te	PAST	He shivered with excitement and anticipation as she unfastened his trousers .
te	PRES	Belial claims you were in London only days past . "
te	PAST	Cassidy batted her eyelashes at him and put on a sugary voice .
te	PAST	Turning , I lashed out with the second blade , catching another rushing me from behind .
te	PRES	" I peeled his face back , as he did to me .
te	PAST	" The night I drove you away from the 7-Eleven , you ripped my shirt and touched my wing scars .
te	PRES	This new wave of vicious creatures allowed the demonic hordes to quickly overwhelm the already struggling mortal ranks .
te	PAST	The air grated his throat like fire .
te	PAST	She acknowledged a large share of hypocrisy in that statement .
te	PAST	She acknowledged this with another grunt , and he slid the door closed and hurried away .
te	PAST	Holding her purse close , she eased around them , then left the courthouse .
te	PRES	My responsibility absolutely prevents that .
te	PAST	He swore he 'd kill me before he ever let me wind up Elsewhere , but here I am .
te	PAST	Jimmy pursed his lips , chin wobbling .
te	PAST	Leslie recalled the evening with Oliver .
te	PAST	He slumped back on the bed and laid his hand over his forehead .
te	PAST	Iseo dismounted before Celestino could help her and barged into the house , with the two priests behind her .
te	PRES	I pictured Bennett lying beside me , his strong arms embracing me , his warm mouth against my lips .
te	PRES	She laughs and uses me to show some moves .
te	PAST	He gestured , pulling out her seat .
te	PAST	Guadalupe grasped Magnus 's hand before he went , though , and her fingers clung to him .
te	PRES	Cool air rushes in .
te	PRES	" It does not feel altogether real , " he admits .
te	PAST	He wrinkled his nose in response , and my hands itched to follow the line of his nose down to his lips .
te	PRES	" Just like you know it 's forbidden to touch one the way you have , " Cameron retorts , giving the car a slight swerve .
te	PRES	" Libby , could you do me a favor ? "
te	PAST	The light emanated from glorious , multi-coloured gems containing their own inner light .
te	PRES	" So , honey , how in the hell did we get ourselves in this mess and what are we doing today ? "
te	PRES	He rubs at the back of his neck .
te	PRES	His green eyes swam with desperation and sorrow because now , that was an impossible dream .
te	PAST	Sergio licked his lips and took her hands in his .
te	PRES	Grubbs nods reluctantly , then squints at Bec .
te	PAST	Kelly licked his lips , then grinned slowly .
te	PAST	He lapsed into thoughtful silence for a moment .
te	PRES	He grabs a piece of chalk , writes something and then steps aside .
te	PAST	Jim 's face twitched , in contempt .
te	PRES	The packed room erupts with cheers , several of the struggling citizens breaking into tears at the thought of their sons and husbands returning .
te	PAST	" Eventually they succeeded in planting enough of the vampire blood into a human , without changing them completely , or leaving them in the void .
te	PAST	He scooped three , hoisting them over his broad arm .
te	PRES	He was so beautiful , her Luis .
te	PRES	She stays motionless for a second and then nods her head .
te	PAST	Pain sliced through the limb .
te	PRES	Messick pauses for a second and looks at Hoffmann .
te	PRES	Roses , daisies , and I love tulips . "
te	PRES	He appears in front of me with agony in his bright eyes and longing in his lips .
te	PRES	" Knowing you murdered someone and got off free ?
te	PAST	The short length emphasized her eyes -- and her slightly oversize mouth .
te	PRES	Emma rubs my back when she says it .
te	PAST	" She 's too young , " he now argued .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	" Where ya goin ' old man ? "
te	PAST	A pair of liver spotted arthritic hands pushed a cookie laden baking sheet into the oven .
te	PRES	Ducking behind the sofa , Myles called out , " Hold it right there or I 'll shoot ! "
te	PRES	She tilts to the side and grabs the journal off my nightstand and then hands it to me .
te	PRES	Have a nice trip , Reece , " Dante grins once more before he joins a group of men who are apparently waiting for him .
te	PRES	You deserve it . "
te	PRES	" A majority of the complex sits above a dry underground lake .
te	PRES	Wi ' a diddy aye o ' an ' a fal an ' doe And a diddy aye o ' aye ay . "
te	PRES	To my delight I uncover a spare pair of scrubs .
te	PAST	He knelt in front of her , clasping her hand .
te	PRES	Because the pool surrounds the table .
te	PAST	" Don 't look now , " Anna hissed at me from across the table .
te	PAST	Her fingers fumbled blindly at his shirt buttons , somehow managing to get them all undone .
te	PRES	Will extend food supply , but not enough to last until Ares 4 landing .
te	PRES	When he 'd leaned to kiss her goodbye .
te	PAST	Foxy stroked his moustache .
te	PAST	Need and curiosity overcame the anxiety , and she watched , mesmerized , as his mouth descended toward her own .
te	PRES	Before the Sentinel finds out about them ! "
te	PRES	Taking one look at Gloria , he whirled around and called out , " Corrie ! "
te	PRES	I regret having upset you , but I 'm glad if it gave you an opportunity to get something off your chest .
te	PAST	With his other hand , he grasped her breast , brushing his thumb over her jutting nipple .
te	PRES	Slipping his arms through the sleeves , he puts it on .
te	PRES	He kisses me harder .
te	PRES	He shakes his head , storms down to the water and sits on a rock , back to us .
te	PRES	Tears swam in her eyes .
te	PRES	" Oh , she eats .
te	PRES	Sometimes the pressure hurts , but the shame is worse .
te	PRES	They rented an apartment .
te	PRES	Before she answered I leapt up and ran into Ron 's bathroom .
te	PRES	" It sure does , Aunt Caroline .
te	PRES	" My family gathers for church and lunch each Sunday .
te	PRES	But , for us , a prison nonetheless . "
te	PAST	Tad gestured toward the room .
te	PAST	He grasped me at the last second and I breathed a sigh of relief .
te	PAST	And they 're right - you aren 't speaking with any of them , " she protested .
te	PRES	" I think I like this Charlie , " she teases .
te	PRES	Serena leans away as the braided rope swings back through .
te	PAST	She disregarded his hand and shook her head .
te	PRES	His eyes flick over the paper again .
te	PAST	Heat spilled between her legs .
te	PAST	I examined the three entries ; they looked the same as before .
te	PRES	The seating surrounds a wooden table with a map of the world painted on it .
te	PRES	" Hi , it 's , uh ... Amy .
te	PAST	He thrust into me , making me gasp again .
te	PRES	My heart races anxiously .
te	PAST	Maybe he exchanged some kind of secret shake or something ; I don 't know .
te	PRES	Consequently , my ceilings slant beneath the line of the roof .
te	PAST	The long wail of the steam powered siren drowned out any shouts that may have reached her .
te	PAST	When he saw no one behind me he feigned surprise .
te	PRES	He tilts his head to the side and regards me for moment .
te	PAST	Charlie Barnett swore under his breath .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips and thrust a finger towards Bert .
te	PAST	Those shining orange lights pulsed now , flaring and receding , flaring and receding , as if the hideous thing actually had a heart somewhere inside .
te	PRES	Sebastian rushes her and grabs her around one ankle .
te	PAST	Music thumped in a back room .
te	PRES	" Yeah , I guess , " I mumble .
te	PRES	He closes the door behind him and I hear his footsteps coming closer .
te	PRES	For a moment Noah laughs , but it fades just as quickly as it comes .
te	PRES	" I pray . "
te	PAST	Only a single pace separated her from him now .
te	PRES	" In my heart , I 'm an exotic dancer , " Jack replies .
te	PAST	At the age of 13 , his parents divorced due to his mother having an affair .
te	PAST	A low laugh resonated through the room .
te	PRES	It seems to have its own mind , one separate from my consciousness .
te	PRES	The light 's better , " I instruct him .
te	PAST	Chelle greeted me the moment I walked through the door .
te	PRES	" She only puts research notes on her personal computer .
te	PRES	" It depends on how aggressive the tumour is .
te	PAST	She traced them , giving each one attention with her fingers , brushing against him .
te	PRES	Vanessa focuses on capturing mystical animals .
te	PAST	It annoyed her in return .
te	PRES	Dust flies high in the air in whipping fashion clutching all manner of furniture and stray items in its wake .
te	PRES	Again , glum nods all around .
te	PRES	" It really sucks that he died , huh ? "
te	PRES	She pauses for a moment , takes a deep breath and then looks at us .
te	PAST	She strolled around the balcony and held out her hands to the shaggy animal .
te	PRES	He scans the booths for girls they know .
te	PRES	He kisses my cheek .
te	PRES	He reluctantly , gently placed his palms on the mound of her body .
te	PRES	The captain curses under his breath .
te	PRES	She puts the lightbulb up to her mouth .
te	PRES	When I reach the third floor , I approach the wooden doors cautiously .
te	PAST	The streets of Orchard Valley greeted her like a long-lost friend .
te	PRES	Then he vanished whistle and music and looked at his grandfather .
te	PRES	There ain 't no such place .
te	PRES	One of the boys leans forward .
te	PAST	" Good , " Neil praised .
te	PAST	She traced down his stomach .
te	PAST	Hanging up , he pocketed his phone and glared at the floor .
te	PRES	" What about medical science ?
te	PRES	" Suddenly so urgent , and you didn 't even want to enter the Academy . "
te	PAST	His life depended on his making good decisions in the next few minutes .
te	PRES	" What weather ? "
te	PAST	Kenzie stroked the elk 's furry neck .
te	PRES	A rush of tension swept through her and released immediately into a bucking orgasm , her h * ps twitching against his firm grip .
te	PAST	Emily ripped open the envelope and pulled out a postcard .
te	PRES	When Jane finds a scrap of shopping list , she grows curious about Alice , the vicar 's wife who lived there years before .
te	PRES	I peer into Mia 's .
te	PRES	We serve the Orb ; that 's our only purpose .
te	PAST	Ice cold water encircled her feet , and showed no signs of stopping .
te	PRES	He leans back into his velvet chair resting his back and studies the room .
te	PAST	With that , he cracked a smile and quickly faded out , fading in only to pick up his discarded staff .
te	PAST	Dylan sized up the man .
te	PAST	Brand gulped and looked around .
te	PAST	Color stained her cheeks when she sat on the floor and examined the scars on her legs .
te	PAST	He tapped an intercom .
te	PAST	The man 's gaze rifled to the three coyotes that were still watching him .
te	PRES	He usually keeps his word . "
te	PAST	But then her thin shoulders drooped and she brushed again at her cheeks .
te	PAST	He channeled spirit as before , but was frustrated to see that it didn 't work .
te	PAST	He complied without protesting , feeling only the slightest tinge of guilt as he realized he was the one responsible for delaying their exit from the car .
te	PRES	She laughs at herself .
te	PRES	17 A Story about a Story that is Not This Story Challenge # 8 : Write a flash fiction piece that is autobiographical in nature .
te	PAST	That won her another irritated look , and Eric said quickly , " I don 't need coffee . "
te	PAST	" Oh , " Spencer blurted .
te	PRES	The door to the slave quarters swings abruptly open , waking me up .
te	PAST	" You musta gotten some last night , " she observed .
te	PAST	Told him over and over to get off me , but he seemed to like it the more I fought him .
te	PAST	And not all his army obeyed him out of loyalty .
te	PRES	" Smells delicious . "
te	PAST	Her aspirations included marrying Eric and moving to San Francisco .
te	PAST	Ella gestured to the Formica table and they all grabbed a seat , same chairs they 'd each eaten in growing up .
te	PAST	He indicated an empty seat at the end of the table .
te	PRES	He snapped his jaws once , a wet chuck .
te	PRES	" I beg your pardon .
te	PAST	He slashed a line across it with his blade .
te	PRES	I giggle extending my glove , when he shakes his head walking slowly to me .
te	PAST	But Adrien 's arms soothed her and helped dissipate all that rising horror and emotion .
te	PRES	" I respect and honor my queen 's opinion .
te	PAST	I snarled and jerked , twisting and punching him in the stomach .
te	PRES	I didn 't have spells , but I had the will .
te	PRES	Her death weighs on me with untold heaviness .
te	PRES	I shudder at the thought of it and then I say , " You tell them ? "
te	PAST	Expecting her barrier , he eased himself inside with slow degrees .
te	PAST	' Most certainly , ' Anton confirmed .
te	PRES	Mist travels as a rule close to the ground .
te	PRES	Will you pop the trunk , Liam ? "
te	PRES	I pat my pocket .
te	PAST	He skimmed his hands down the chair 's sides , gently caressing , and Min 's mouth went unaccountably dry .
te	PAST	She knelt and stared at it .
te	PRES	" It follows the entire tree line to the cliffs and then north , where the ocean meets the forest . "
te	PAST	He furrowed his brows .
te	PRES	But he regards the way Reagan looks at me with an even more solemn expression .
te	PAST	Blood roared in her ears , and the ember pulsed brightly in her head .
te	PAST	It oozed over his fingers , soaking his hands in seconds .
te	PAST	I eased around to the other side of the truck and said , " What was that all about ? "
te	PRES	Kelly prodded Tess to walk faster .
te	PRES	Jews and Arabs refuse to be enemies !
te	PRES	" Sweet girlie things ? "
te	PRES	Especial y at seven in the morning .
te	PRES	He probably hopes to test the theory experimentally , here . "
te	PRES	He grasped his cock , his expression pained .
te	PAST	Cassandra exchanged a determined look with Kat .
te	PAST	The all African regiment earned their fierce reputation in many battles with the Cheyenne .
te	PAST	" Yeah , I deserved it . "
te	PAST	" One body , " Mrs. White corrected .
te	PRES	" Why , of course , Laurel .
te	PAST	When the front door swung open it creaked and startled her .
te	PAST	She professed to love them , but they made her cry .
te	PAST	He exuded a raw sensuality that was nothing less than addictive .
te	PRES	Buddhism teaches that because of the Law of cause and effect , we need to repay our debt of gratitude to those who have helped us .
te	PAST	" Come on Miriam , " coaxed Dreamer .
te	PRES	" Here 's your ugly shirt , " I tease .
te	PRES	Sorry , that was almost a hundred years ago ... the year is now 2014 ... " " STOP !
te	PRES	An uncomfortable silence hangs over everyone 's head as Ganondorf continues to ponder the meaning of the recently transpired events .
te	PRES	Quarrel puts together a mean cup of coffee .
te	PRES	Yeah alright then . '
te	PAST	He loosed an arrow toward a charging wolf .
te	PRES	Miguel quickly raises his hand .
te	PRES	" I was sent , Priestess .
te	PAST	His tawny eyes glittered like chips of amber .
te	PAST	The guts stained my shirt and thus the stench stayed with me .
te	PRES	" The pattern of metal taps continues . "
te	PAST	Although she need not have bothered , as she started to feel choked up : Yuki .
te	PRES	He nods down at them .
te	PAST	Nicolas Kumar explored this idea more and his fears rose .
te	PRES	Hopefully they drift towards her shore .
te	PAST	I blurted , sounding like a complete idiot .
te	PRES	He never hums unless he 's really happy . "
te	PAST	Vee licked my arm .
te	PRES	Shadows emerge from the surroundings , some from the river banks , others from behind trees or abandoned buildings .
te	PAST	His lips tasted salty , and I kissed him back .
te	PAST	A cautious smile teased the corners of her lips as she slipped her feet inside her slippers , strode toward her door and turned the key .
te	PRES	My heart races and takes a few moments to calm down even after he 's pulled away .
te	PRES	Her older twin brothers entered with scowls on their faces .
te	PRES	" Because I almost beat you at softball ? "
te	PRES	" Hold this to your heart , " he gestured and then gave her the other stone , " Hold this one to the wound . "
te	PAST	I weighed his words .
te	PAST	She scraped off the last bit of skin and dumped the potato in the bowl .
te	PRES	Phil retorts , " Engineer actually . "
te	PAST	At length , without ever forking , the tunnel emptied into the largest room yet .
te	PRES	Chapter 28 Daemon This had to be one of the craziest stunts I 'd ever pulled .
te	PRES	People swarmed around me , none of them seeming to notice I 'd appeared out of thin air .
te	PRES	" Morning , Mrs. Heath . " "
te	PAST	Of course , she lacked experience , training , and discipline , but that was no excuse .
te	PRES	Your light inside me glows when we are together .
te	PRES	" Which hurts less , being eaten alive by ants or torn apart by crocodiles ? "
te	PAST	" You haven 't even met Chuck , " Violet retorted .
te	PRES	" November 17th , here we come , " Cowboy Bob declares .
te	PAST	" An excellent den , " she observed .
te	PAST	Going up the stairs posed an even bigger obstacle , while trying not to bump her over hanging head against the handrail posts .
te	PAST	His words echoed in my head .
te	PRES	" An angel . "
te	PAST	After all , he reasoned , if revenge wasn 't right , then the plan would have failed .
te	PRES	" Only if I 'm a heartless bitch .
te	PRES	Dante hesitates for a moment .
te	PRES	" Love you too , " I mumble back , but he 's falling asleep again already .
te	PAST	Lilith 's scythe slashed at my head as I lifted my demos to block it .
te	PRES	" Stupid werewolf hearing . "
te	PRES	" Seventh century outdid itself with this one , " Marshall leans in and whispers from the table behind me .
te	PRES	" It all depends on what kind of life you 've led .
te	PRES	And it smells like it too . "
te	PAST	Her hands and fingers stroked his muscled arms , ran down his developed chest , felt the ripples of his honed abs .
te	PRES	" Chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes ? "
te	PRES	Logan twists in his shoes looking back into the kitchen .
te	PAST	She chewed on the inside of her cheek .
te	PAST	The engine roared to life .
te	PAST	" Only her friend , " Redgrave whispered as he stroked Skye 's hair away from her face .
te	PRES	" Whatever you say , Doc . "
te	PRES	" What director ? "
te	PAST	Jazz fumbled for her gun , but Lucia lunged for the passenger door .
te	PAST	A small fireball formed above him , which quickly expanded to three feet in diameter .
te	PAST	The ball collided with the back of one of the Gods as he his mouth opened in a silent scream .
te	PRES	Nobody separates from the group .
te	PAST	" Oh , you don 't have to do that , " she argued automatically .
te	PAST	I owned that love .
te	PAST	Hatch clicked through a series of keys on the laptop in front of him .
te	PRES	He raises his eyebrows at me .
te	PAST	She clung to him , arms and legs , opening for his tongue , for the thrust of his arousal against her heat through their barriers .
te	PRES	The sky grumbles like an empty belly and my eyes elevate to the clouds .
te	PRES	" Please display it . "
te	PAST	He owned a big house a long way away .
te	PAST	She recalled professor 's words : " Push it for no less than five seconds " .
te	PAST	She roared equally loud , then taking a breath .
te	PAST	" My lord ? "
te	PAST	Her words echoed in my brain .
te	PRES	Eric and Jorge leapt to their feet , chairs tipping wildly .
te	PAST	Its brief inconsequential existence snuffed out arbitrarily .
te	PAST	I stroked a hand down his wide , feathered snout , ignoring the way the feathers shed .
te	PAST	She chewed on that a moment .
te	PRES	Amar claps his hands together .
te	PAST	In the meantime , a doctor examined Abby and treated her injuries .
te	PAST	How about shag dancing ? "
te	PAST	" We don 't know yet , but - " The radios squawked .
te	PRES	" Maybe , " I said , my eyes downcast .
te	PRES	As she allows the fear to wash away , she rushes to Elizabeth and helps her back up to a sitting position on the table .
te	PRES	One word becomes two .
te	PAST	But then Mac reasoned he shouldn 't go anywhere near that sacred gown again , especially carrying a sharp instrument .
te	PRES	" Mailbox , " Francesca suggests .
te	PAST	" Tha ' won ' work , girlie .
te	PAST	A large moustache dominated his face , and he was mostly bald with hair growing out only above his ears .
te	PRES	Grass scratched at her skirts .
te	PAST	Determination gleamed in his eyes .
te	PAST	Savannah furrowed her eyebrows .
te	PRES	Only where it shows . "
te	PAST	" By order of His Holiness , Pope Julius II , I arrest you for the crimes of murder , betrayal , and incest ! "
te	PAST	The old man hailed the boy and told him to take a walk up to the orchard with him and so the boy did .
te	PAST	He pounded into her over and over as he poured himself into her .
te	PAST	Caleb chewed on his lower lip .
te	PAST	" That is a lovely cross , " she ventured to the duchess .
te	PAST	No one deserved the fate of that girl in the paper .
te	PAST	We loaded ourselves into the car .
te	PRES	I knelt beside her and gently rested my hands on her shoulders .
te	PAST	In 60 BC , Caesar , Crassus and Pompey formed a political alliance that was to dominate Roman politics for several years .
te	PAST	The rest of us exchanged puzzled glances .
te	PAST	As with Ambient Absorber , Distributors also varied in their ranges and their distribution rates .
te	PAST	Winston and Star recoiled , even Iridium lost his usual aplomb .
te	PAST	A useless enterprise that would do nothing but make her annoyed .
te	PAST	Grace exchanged a look with me that said , Good guess , Sam .
te	PAST	Frustration nipped at his nerve endings .
te	PAST	Brooke sagged to sit beside her , the verdant scents from the tropical flowers not strong enough to override the acrid air of betrayal .
te	PRES	" You 're forgetting one little detail , " I remind him .
te	PAST	She stirred the spaetzle .
te	PAST	I gesture for Rex to climb in , and Dust hops over the side after him .
te	PAST	He gestured at a deputy .
te	PRES	When Carmen pauses again , her voice grows ominous and dark .
te	PAST	The robot Winston had knocked down wobbled back to his feet .
te	PRES	" Your plan won 't work , " Lance declares confidently .
te	PAST	Glass rained down on the seats and the car almost swerved over the center line before he steered it back .
te	PRES	He closes the door and flips the lock and slides the chain over .
te	PAST	Saga tapped a calloused finger near the top of the map , near the river .
te	PRES	She leans in and talks in a low voice .
te	PRES	She nods her head slowly , gazing at him , then pulls her eyes away from him to look at me .
te	PAST	He slashed a wound in his chest , cradled her head to him , and commanded her to drink .
te	PAST	" That was a bad day , too , " I acknowledged .
te	PAST	Curling into a ball , she relived her wedding day , detail by detail .
te	PAST	Sunday furrowed her eyebrow , genuinely not getting his point .
te	PRES	He leans in closer , and blinks .
te	PRES	" Up the stairs and to the right .
te	PAST	Were you the one cursed ? "
te	PRES	However , when a young woman from from his past threatens to steal him away , Tracy finds herself in less control than she thought .
te	PAST	" Silence that mouth of yours before I do , " her father roared .
te	PRES	" I 'll tell you why I need you , you pathetic creature .
te	PRES	" My parents ... " she falters .
te	PAST	I guessed Brent was the man holding Lucy , and David had to have been the bald man .
te	PRES	he shouts , clapping the guard on the shoulder , " You look worse and worse every time I see you .
te	PRES	She squints one eye a little , shifts her weight , and fires .
te	PRES	" Momma and Daddy wan na see you downstairs . "
te	PAST	He choked back a laugh .
te	PAST	My body quivered again .
te	PRES	I glare at him .
te	PRES	I prepare a scrying bowl and two elixirs , one with the ash and another with Tara 's blood .
te	PAST	Water dripped down his face .
te	PRES	Lila shifts her weight and forces the uncomfortable conversation elsewhere .
te	PAST	A slight breeze stirred , sending waves through the tall grass .
te	PRES	My body shakes just having her close as my fingers dig into her soft flesh .
te	PRES	Aimee sits up and stretches .
te	PRES	A sick , sinking feeling hits my stomach .
te	PRES	Jack hangs up and slides his finger down to the second of the thirty names on the page .
te	PAST	" Because you drank from me ? "
te	PRES	" Isn 't your outfit the cutest thing ever ? "
te	PAST	They echoed in her own heart .
te	PRES	No I ain 't ?
te	PAST	" No , " she said , stunned that he would even ask such a thing , " certainly not . "
te	PRES	" I regret that to this day . "
te	PAST	Rhys knelt beside him , holding his hand .
te	PRES	" What doth thou mean ? "
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	Depressed , he argued with himself that fighting the elements alone would be enough to keep them too busy to brawl among themselves .
te	PAST	" My lord -- " He held up a hand to quiet her .
te	PAST	Tom paled noticeably but gulped and nodded and , squaring his shoulders , followed Lord John out onto the terrace .
te	PRES	He peers up into her eyes and makes his bottom lip quiver .
te	PAST	The cruiser stunned another dwarf .
te	PAST	Magic stirred within me , surging out and upward to the tree above us .
te	PRES	It hammers my head with a mace while simultaneously stabbing me with a long bladed arm .
te	PRES	" And the sour ice cream that day in the store ?
te	PRES	" Acknowledged , Cretaceous Clay here , my monitor shows us in civilian space , Ground Control .
te	PAST	I grasped her hips with my hands and brought her close to me .
te	PRES	The ball races down the lane , and this time it reaches all the way to the pins and knocks five of them down .
te	PAST	Painter gently directed him back to the mystery at hand .
te	PRES	When the food arrives , it becomes obvious why he did it .
te	PRES	" Daemon Black . "
te	PAST	" I fade , " he corrected .
te	PAST	Lina 's eyes rimmed with tears .
te	PAST	Straining forward , he stabbed the center of the cyclops 's big blue eye , the momentum of the jump adding considerable power to his thrust .
te	PRES	Nothing grabs my attention today , so I wander over to rock .
te	PAST	From the tunnel behind them , a strange yowling cry echoed out to them .
te	PRES	My eyes widen as I taste myself on his lips and he pushes his tongue inside me with abandon .
te	PAST	She just inflamed the ones she already had .
te	PAST	It was the same on Naxos , the little island in the Aegean dominated by marble quarries that had chewed holes in the hillsides .
te	PAST	Looking at Claire in horror , Suzy sputtered out " Geez , where do these guys come from ?
te	PRES	I inhale one last time and begin .
te	PAST	" It certainly did , my lord .
te	PAST	" Contract ... " " ... prohibits revealing her location , " McKie completed .
te	PAST	I feigned casualness , still trying my hardest to beat him in this twisted , curious game .
te	PRES	An old friend of mine manages this place . "
te	PRES	Mach walks over to the car that has no door handles , and the door opens before he touches it .
te	PAST	Her eyes misted over as she bit her lip .
te	PRES	Apparently once you break the interdiction for somebody , It stays broken . "
te	PAST	" How very ... very nauseating . "
te	PAST	Matt deflected it with one swipe and punched Kevin hard enough to send him sprawling .
te	PAST	Immediately the Blues Brother 's - Everybody Needs Somebody to Love blasted over the speakers .
te	PRES	Then , returning , she knelt before him and slipped off his shoes .
te	PAST	Heredity accounted for their ascendency .
te	PAST	He wrinkled his brow .
te	PRES	I refuse to lose another brother . "
te	PRES	' And the flaming cows ? '
te	PRES	Then it sinks in .
te	PRES	He grabs a cleaver and stands in the doorway , daring anyone to attack .
te	PRES	Adel walks by an expensive hotel .
te	PRES	It rings and he holds his breath again .
te	PAST	Carl owned the biggest house on the street .
te	PRES	Finn just watches because he hasn 't decided whether or not it 's a sin .
te	PAST	I choked on my coffee and spewed it all over the counter top .
te	PRES	She prefers winter sports .
te	PRES	" Some psychic . "
te	PAST	" Yes , you affect me that much , " he confirmed .
te	PRES	Doc regards me with a faintly worried expression .
te	PAST	The pads of his thumbs stroked over her lips , whisper soft , and she instinctively opened for him to lick at the tip of one finger .
te	PAST	Thousands upon thousands lined the streets outside and waited for the results of the trial .
te	PRES	The same kaleidoscope he had given her the night before at the movies .
te	PAST	The warden barked a command .
te	PAST	He doubled over , briefly wracked with pain as a throbbing sensation emanated from the hit .
te	PRES	They haunt my waking life , like roots from a tree I thought I 'd cut down .
te	PRES	" Close your eyes , angel .
te	PAST	At zero , he punched the actual mode , and the vibration worsened for a few moments before subsiding and finally stopping .
te	PRES	A brown four door saloon .
te	PAST	He hitched the safety line to a small ring on the ship 's metal skin and waved his arm .
te	PAST	A needle on the dial wobbled around a little bit and stopped .
te	PRES	You wan na play with me ? "
te	PAST	He overwhelmed her with his presence and made her feel uncomfortable , irritated .
te	PAST	I dashed out my cigarette in a glass ash tray around the corner , then went back to my post just inside the hallway .
te	PRES	" It appears you were right , Sir . "
te	PRES	A rough hand clamps down on my arm .
te	PAST	" Donna taught you well , " I remarked .
te	PAST	Greg gestured toward his golden , whose bushy tail and fluffy ruff were chunky with ice and snow .
te	PRES	I demand to know which amongst you gave the order . "
te	PAST	I loop the reins around a nearby branch and begin to move quietly through the trees toward the house .
te	PRES	Reason requires your urgent attention .
te	PRES	His family owns half of the major hotels in the area .
te	PAST	This confirmed what he had suspected .
te	PAST	She blocked magic and retaliated quickly , never hesitating , never backing down .
te	PAST	Bri and Priya exchanged worried looks , but with some reluctance , Priya lumbered to Brat and began lifting his heavy friend as best he could .
te	PAST	Strolling through the street , looking at the storefronts , I pretend it 's just any other day .
te	PAST	Della , being wheeled by someone I didn 't recognize , hailed us .
te	PRES	He backs away from the door and we enter .
te	PRES	Without words , he pictured the bodies of Jacob and Emily .
te	PRES	My brother snores . "
te	PRES	With all those demons . "
te	PRES	" Tonight , " he replies .
te	PAST	He leant forward slightly and placed his gloves on the table in front of him .
te	PAST	She guessed that Dewi wouldn 't dare to do anything that would tarnish any of their reputations in public .
te	PRES	' My people rule an empire of many million citizens .
te	PAST	Her boots creaked ; her socks pressed against her toes .
te	PAST	I know that none of you are stupid , you each earned a place under my command .
te	PRES	" What kind of probation ? "
te	PAST	Kimbra 's voice trailed off .
te	PRES	I approach with caution .
te	PRES	As I watched over the next few moments , they vanished completely .
te	PAST	She thrust her arm through mine and said , ' We 're supposed to be having fun . '
te	PAST	" I wish you would be reasonable , " the emperor lamented .
te	PRES	" This really sucks . "
te	PAST	A wave of exhaustion overcame her , and she moved over to the blankets , wearily laying down on them .
te	PRES	On the patio he seated her , lit the candles he 'd placed in the center of the table and then poured the cabernet franc .
te	PAST	" Then these five football jocks spotted her .
te	PAST	The time I spotted it was already too late .
te	PAST	She sipped her drink , suddenly feeling awkward to be alone .
te	PRES	Amy punches me lightly on the shoulder .
te	PRES	I peer at the blood pressure machine , wishing I could stop feeling .
te	PRES	He nods in agreement .
te	PRES	Dust appears from behind a crate and slides into my pocket as Rex is jumping out into the rail yard .
te	PRES	Nope , she honed right in on the genetic question of why he had blue eyes .
te	PAST	Swinging in a wide arc , she gained velocity .
te	PRES	" Yes , " replies Bader .
te	PAST	She gestured to the necklace clutched in his huge clawed hands .
te	PAST	The motion of the bus rocked them back and forth in one rhythm .
te	PAST	She squawked in protest but he pressed on .
te	PRES	" But it hurts to be beautiful . "
te	PRES	He fights to hide a smirk at my little outburst .
te	PRES	She playfully teases me by pretending to take my temperature with her hand .
te	PAST	The doctor licked his lips and said , " Imperator , what if cooperation is required ? "
te	PRES	" Like backtrack ? "
te	PAST	His thumbs traced the lines of my jaw .
te	PAST	As she left , her eyes skimmed over Max , but she said nothing .
te	PAST	The youngster observed , ' It 's like we 're all being honest with each other at last . '
te	PAST	He licked at the drops to remove them .
te	PRES	" Yeah well the doors deserve it . "
te	PRES	The fire crackled with settling logs , hissing at the damp tinder .
te	PAST	I realised if I only had one day left then I would want you to know the truth . '
te	PAST	Her breathing slowed , her heart stilled .
te	PRES	He grunts and makes a noise low in his throat .
te	PRES	The one with the red hair , mark my words . "
te	PRES	On the verge of burning up completely , I groan and cling to her small frame .
te	PAST	Vince choked as his stomach sank .
te	PRES	Loud , painful groans that were too loud and too irregular to explain away as sounds of the storm .
te	PAST	He signaled to the dealer and signed the usual table form to draw money against his line of credit .
te	PRES	" If Lissa agrees . "
te	PAST	His brows puckered and he closed his eyes , as if in pain .
te	PRES	Logan walks over and scoops me into a hug without hesitating .
te	PRES	A boy around our age raises his hand .
te	PRES	He grins and starts to reach for the bowl .
te	PAST	He realised he hadn 't even asked about money when he was with Herr Bauer .
te	PAST	I just open the next three boxes in the stack , " Manfred confessed .
te	PRES	I rol ed my eyes .
te	PRES	He walks over and picks up an almost identical disc from where he reappeared .
te	PAST	" So much for trying to impress her , " I remarked dejectedly while slowly shaking my head .
te	PRES	Jayden puts his face right up to Sean 's .
te	PRES	I frown at the hologram , shaking my curls .
te	PAST	The cynicism dripped heavily .
te	PAST	" Miss Juliet Fenn scores eight above you . "
te	PAST	He sagged slightly in relief .
te	PRES	" Is Mr. Grayson in ? "
te	PRES	She walked behind one of the jailers , a female vampire of Indian origin , her skin slightly paler than that of her human counterparts .
te	PAST	Gregori examined her work , found it flawless .
te	PAST	I leapt up the steps towards the gate to the patio .
te	PRES	' It hardly weighs anything ! '
te	PAST	The older whore strolled to his side and slipped an arm around his waist .
te	PRES	He extends his hand and they shake .
te	PAST	He stilled , turned back to her .
te	PAST	Perhaps it lacked imagination , this enforcer routine , compared to his original scheme to use the Warden as an artwork .
te	PRES	After dinner , he drives back home .
te	PRES	Tasks Each angel usually receives his or her Task when they turn eighteen , but then again not everyone will receive a task .
te	PAST	He obeyed as I leaned around to look over his shoulder .
te	PAST	" Luck follows idiocy , you mean , " Emerson corrected gloomily .
te	PRES	Trick stays close to me , but Dham and Cat have gone off in a corner to wait away from the rest .
te	PRES	Cameron kept up the pressure , and Ainsley gave in to it , her fears dissolving .
te	PAST	My spine tingled until it felt like it might burst out of my skin .
te	PRES	He backs us towards the cool crisp water .
te	PRES	She raises a single finger , a single dainty digit , to get me to wait a moment .
te	PRES	Above us , another dull thud shakes the earth .
te	PAST	" He spoiled me rotten . "
te	PRES	" Well congratulations , " Hosni entered the room , " you , Mr. Bobby , successfully got yourself killed tonight . "
te	PAST	One corner of his lips twitched as he nodded .
te	PAST	So I packed up the children and decided to surprise her in the Catskills .
te	PAST	She shivered , battling back the grim memory of the past thirty years .
te	PRES	He laughs at me .
te	PAST	The root crunched in his mouth as he chewed it like a cow .
te	PAST	" I saw some girl wearing one the other day , tracked her down , and paid her a hundred bucks for it .
te	PRES	" The guy with the dick . "
te	PRES	He sucks in a slow breath .
te	PRES	she asked , her every feature as perfect as he remembered every night .
te	PAST	" Including the roses , evidently , " he observed , feeling slightly guilty for ignoring her these last several days .
te	PAST	I punched him out and then my anger turned on you .
te	PRES	" Trees ain 't . "
te	PRES	Jayden walks over to me .
te	PAST	I drank blood from the chilling chambers . "
te	PAST	Raising one of her arms upward , he nibbled along her inner arm , upward .
te	PAST	" I donated it of course . "
te	PAST	But that kind of humility only occurred when religious leaders were sincere , self-effacing .
te	PRES	I extend my hand , and instead of shaking it , he lifts it to his lips .
te	PRES	" To the east ? "
te	PRES	" Because you 'd have gone crazy , Ara .
te	PAST	" Switch it off , " Mack hissed .
te	PRES	His hand tightens on my elbow , not enough to hurt , but enough to let me know that he 's there .
te	PRES	She grabs a yellow sweater with a white collar and pulls it over her white t-shirt .
te	PAST	Johnny guessed from the way he 'd stare at the money on the table that he 'd be every bit the greedy businessman Geoff had described .
te	PAST	" He 's something alright , " I grated between clenched teeth .
te	PAST	Draco 's comfort with a sword was superior , his confidence and control displayed with every step and swing .
te	PRES	" They print out a receipt .
te	PAST	and he unlatched the gate , letting the dogs run free .
te	PAST	Kat yelped when the gun went off , and she grabbed my hand .
te	PRES	" He fights wars , and war is the ultimate competition , wouldn 't you say ? "
te	PAST	He knelt beside her , weeping , as he ran his hands through her hair .
te	PAST	Her soul eased as they followed the quiet road through the woods .
te	PAST	Several other females summoned him over , but he ignored them , too .
te	PRES	He nods in return .
te	PAST	She observed it all .
te	PRES	I stumble over my words , " Uh , I , I 'm Julianne . "
te	PRES	The first page contains two pictures of babies .
te	PAST	He stroked his beard .
te	PRES	He laughs at me .
te	PRES	It flared and died down , and then some leaves caught .
te	PAST	Luther admired the photos and artwork without a word as the months marched along .
te	PAST	Back in high school she never would 've guessed he 'd get a tattoo , yet it looked good on him .
te	PAST	She skimmed her fingers along his chest , right where the scar rested under his T-shirt .
te	PAST	As you know , Fuchs sifted through the palace 's staff , removing all the lower classes -- a distasteful business .
te	PRES	The staring continues and Eric glances away first .
te	PAST	Eyes wild , dick sticking out of his pants , body twitching with a need he had no hope of controlling .
te	PRES	She quickly gathers her things .
te	PRES	More often he 'd say , ' Duck ! '
te	PAST	Once she was done , she bowed in front of the five judges and awaited her scoring .
te	PRES	Why print out any of these things ?
te	PRES	" To torture my soul ? "
te	PAST	Ashleigh silently acknowledged that her opening question was a tad stupid .
te	PAST	Dee gestured with the candle at Michael 's sweatpants .
te	PRES	Compliments Greg and the girls giggle .
te	PAST	Mona ripped at the tape with her fingernails and pried back the cardboard .
te	PAST	" You act as if I trust you , " Desjardins retorted , standing .
te	PAST	They mounted , and the armoured men formed up around them .
te	PRES	I stumble to my feet .
te	PRES	Her blue eyes scattered sparks .
te	PRES	A familiar man with a thin build and sandy hair came out first .
te	PRES	Jael shakes his head .
te	PRES	She sits down to count it while I unload more items onto the bed .
te	PAST	The men howled , screamed , and made loud animal noises while dancing obscenely .
te	PRES	Hell , with those words , he owns me now .
te	PAST	" But I am not amused , " Tamara protested halfheartedly .
te	PRES	A woman walks in singing a church song , " up on the mountain ... " I open my eyes and squint .
te	PAST	A smile twitched Holiday 's lips .
te	PAST	She paled as if he 'd struck her , but then she seemed to dismiss the entire matter .
te	PAST	From the corner of her eye , she spotted Renny running over , clutching another skull in his fist .
te	PRES	We approach the heavy double doors .
te	PRES	He helps to break up my deal with Stacy , then follows that up with nabbing Isabelle .
te	PAST	I heaved to my feet .
te	PAST	The child stirred on her lap , trying to push himself back .
te	PAST	She nibbled her lip as they approached the lot where they 'd left the car .
te	PAST	A bathing tub 's worth of liquid abruptly leapt out of the water and gathered upon her left arm .
te	PRES	" Miss Peregrine ! "
te	PRES	He leans in towards me .
te	PAST	I also included Mom , who 's help with Vision probably would be needed .
te	PAST	Amara 's cheeks flamed .
te	PAST	Fiona 's brow crinkled .
te	PRES	A wave rushes up over the shore as if it were sent from Logan himself and spills its fury over the slick expanse , white as milk .
te	PAST	" Yeah , I think so , " he echoed back from the stall .
te	PAST	Our footsteps echoed over the linoleum floor , the ER quiet as we exited out the door .
te	PAST	We exchanged introductions , Rebekah and I got in the back seat of the black Lincoln Town Car and we drove off .
te	PRES	" Are you going to tell me congratulations ? "
te	PRES	" Pete , can you do me a favor ? "
te	PRES	You dictate how this is going to go .
te	PRES	Emerald overtook his gaze once again .
te	PRES	" Away from light suckers like you , " Pen retorts .
te	PAST	She slowly bowed her head in a knowing nod .
te	PAST	I blurted out before I could decide if it was any of my business .
te	PRES	The majority was kept intact to sustain my imprisonment , " she reveals , a substantial bitterness lingering in her words .
te	PRES	It sits , dry and forlorn , filled with old coins , leaves , and bird poop .
te	PRES	" My congratulations . "
te	PAST	He nibbled at her bottom lip , coaxing her to open for him .
te	PRES	" Mystic crime fighters . "
te	PRES	When a loved one dies , the survivor continues to be loved from Heaven .
te	PRES	Of course , that all depends on what the doctors say .
te	PAST	Unfortunately , one of the drill sergeants spotted Amy 's look .
te	PRES	Before the man could react , Kelly whistled behind him .
te	PAST	The sounds of the parade echoed through the little alley we were tucked away in .
te	PAST	I whack the dull combs of a small sparkling pink gem tiara into my messy silver hair .
te	PAST	The warmth of his touch seared her skin .
te	PRES	" Way to go , Caroline .
te	PRES	My breathing stirs up more dust and that shows me which way is up , and also that there 's a little light seeping in from somewhere .
te	PAST	Elijah hissed at him and punched him in the nose .
te	PAST	Because his eyes darkened as they plumbed the depths of hers .
te	PAST	He is on the Board of Trustees for the new college , " Sarah conveyed .
te	PRES	Raffaele tightens his lips .
te	PRES	" God , it hurts . "
te	PRES	" To climb a tree .
te	PAST	Zuzana batted at him , then squealed as he buried his face in the curve of her throat and made exaggerated kissing noises .
te	PRES	A rabbit crosses my path as I walk the short path that leads to my front door .
te	PRES	" What kind of tracks ? "
te	PAST	Color stained Camila 's cheeks .
te	PRES	" So he continues , ' Well , she has passed away . " '
te	PRES	" And he accepts me the way I am . "
te	PRES	" Not a bagel guy . "
te	PRES	One hand shifts subtly , a nervous repetition .
te	PRES	No limits there , nor boundaries , only the nostrils quivering at the game , the surging musculature , the body fluids , the scent of decadence .
te	PAST	At last in the dense brush he spotted the antlers of the large buck .
te	PRES	Vanessa sits in my lap .
te	PAST	He sprang aside as she thrust it out like a spear , and a beam of crimson fire lanced from the pomegranate .
te	PAST	Jam bowed as the new crew assessed their surroundings .
te	PRES	I inhale the scent of Noah 's shampoo and smile as I reach over in bed to pull him closer .
te	PRES	Opening my eyes I survey my work .
te	PAST	" Tell my own disrespectful child that I am not that stuffy , " Flavio declared upon hearing Charles 's muffled laughter .
te	PAST	In the end , the former won out and she opened her eyes slowly .
te	PRES	It hurts inside and confuses me to no end .
te	PRES	As I 'm about to knock on the door , it flies open , startling me .
te	PAST	' I 'm anything but boring , ' I retorted , focused on his clear blue eyes . '
te	PRES	The sunlight reflects in his eyes as he contemplates something deeply .
te	PAST	The snake recoiled to strike .
te	PAST	Staring at a beautiful autumn wreath hanging at eye level , Rebecca punched the doorbell .
te	PRES	" I don 't want to use his exact language , you bein ' a lady an ' all .
te	PAST	My body still tingled from the shower , and I rolled to face him , leaning over to kiss him .
te	PRES	Every day I climb ropes , run treadmills , spar the training robot and use the learning helmets until I think my brain might explode .
te	PRES	Holding my breath , my body shudders as someone streaks toward the forest .
te	PRES	He grabs his lunch bag from the kitchen counter and leaves .
te	PAST	Then he signed at the bottom , returned the forms to her and pulled out his wallet .
te	PRES	My family stays out of our lives , and that 's final . "
te	PRES	I flick my tongue across his swollen head .
te	PAST	Ali licked her lips and considered telling him how the real Ali had threatened her , but then her words echoed in her mind .
te	PAST	Knees shaking , Marian crept into the kitchen .
te	PAST	He buckled his sword belt .
te	PAST	That thought had stirred his blood .
te	PRES	Then a hand brushes against my shoulder .
te	PRES	My heart leapt at the intensity of his gaze .
te	PRES	Now their captured smiles filled his heart with longing , a sadness so profound that he began to cry .
te	PAST	The dragon bowed low , and Lizzie found herself blushing that this magnificent creature would honour her so with this gesture .
te	PRES	He motions for me to try .
te	PRES	Everyone greets me in a cordial , if not chipper , way .
te	PAST	Elizabeth stirred her coffee .
te	PAST	The giant arachnid punched the collar off and then spun around to locate that annoying kid .
te	PAST	A new fear cranked within her .
te	PAST	She dodged to the right and swung around when he missed her .
te	PAST	A ding signaled that I had an email .
te	PAST	I observed several teachers patrolling the perimeter .
te	PRES	" Perhaps , " he admits .
te	PAST	She fingered his balls gently as she sucked him as hard and fast as she could .
te	PAST	But she deserved the praise .
te	PRES	" Funny you care more about Stella than your own lungs , " I tease .
te	PRES	" A football cheerleader ? "
te	PAST	Shaking my head in denial I pleaded with her , my voice a whisper to keep myself from screaming .
te	PAST	Valerian swore softly and tugged vainly , with his legs braced against the chair .
te	PAST	Hope flickered in Cassidy 's eyes .
te	PAST	" Hodge has one , " Alec observed .
te	PRES	Camille shakes her head .
te	PRES	I pictured Dai Li 's gleaming red eyes and swallowed uneasily .
te	PAST	I just puckered sickly .
te	PRES	" Who - " I croak .
te	PAST	We observed the battlefield from the nearby ridges .
te	PAST	He ripped that damn stake from her .
te	PAST	" It wasn 't a far-fetched conclusion to jump to , " she asserted again .
te	PAST	On the wall , the little lamb rocked the night away .
te	PRES	" So now you regret marrying me ? "
te	PRES	He cuts his eyes to me and smirks like he doesn 't believe a thing I 'm saying .
te	PRES	The orgasm splintered and broke through me .
te	PAST	he bellowed to be heard over the wind .
te	PAST	It suddenly dawned on me that this must have been the reason for the three separate cars on the way to dinner that night .
te	PRES	Dark slime rubs off all over Logan 's white t-shirt and down my legs , thick as grease .
te	PAST	The Lady stroked her hair .
te	PAST	The car swerved on the smooth packed snow .
te	PRES	But the man keeps it up , laughing and laughing and laughing .
te	PAST	The humans sagged , unconscious at their consoles .
te	PAST	They tapped glasses watching Hunter through the large open door .
te	PRES	" Rebound lover ? "
te	PRES	I admire someone with a signature accessory .
te	PAST	She clasped her hands in front of her , head bowed and not meeting his eyes .
te	PAST	A family friend taught me . "
te	PAST	Curled up in his bed , surrounded by a smell that was distinctly his , I summoned his memory to haunt me .
te	PAST	Errol pursed his lips at her .
te	PRES	" Stay with me , angel . "
te	PRES	When Mandy reached her , she knelt down and grasped her by the shoulders .
te	PRES	It teaches them humility . "
te	PRES	Red spots with white centers the size of nickels had appeared all over my face and neck .
te	PRES	She puts in a sandwich and pours the coffee into a travel mug .
te	PRES	That concerns me a bit because , rumor has it ... he doesn 't like Mormons . "
te	PAST	His manhood pulsed and slipped out of her as if it knew retreating was the best course of action .
te	PAST	he squawked over the radio .
te	PRES	He assumes the figure which initially gained his attention was some sort of demonic character but upon closer examination he appears to be a relatively ordinary man .
te	PAST	His lips trailed down her throat to her breasts , eliciting a moan pleasure .
te	PRES	" I rented a Challenger for tonight .
te	PRES	" Oh god , " Riley groans , looking up at me , " Your grandparents . "
te	PAST	Jade sipped her drink .
te	PAST	A massive ball of Skyfire roared out of the staff , and hovered above the room .
te	PAST	Horror pulsed off of him in a nauseating cloud .
te	PRES	On cloud nine ? "
te	PRES	" What industrial facilities ? "
te	PRES	She grins and obeys .
te	PRES	He pauses as if allowing all that he has said to sink in , and I feel like I 'm going to be sick .
te	PRES	" No changing your mind . "
te	PAST	Elora chewed thoughtfully , wondering why the boy was dangerous .
te	PAST	I reined in my horse .
te	PRES	The world population continues to grow , but it cannot grow forever .
te	PRES	He adjusts the pillow below his head and reverts his gaze to the television .
te	PAST	Chapter Ten I 'm over this adventure .
te	PAST	" Be careful , " she hissed .
te	PRES	Raven bit back a scream , struggled for air , her grief so overwhelming , that for a moment her mind couldn 't function .
te	PRES	After Big Church , everyone shakes hands and chats for a while before leaving .
te	PRES	She sits beside me and looks out .
te	PAST	The scene in the Senate Chamber stirred every one profoundly .
te	PAST	A look of realization dawned on Jerome 's face and he nodded .
te	PRES	Tears barrel from her eyes and her heart beats so fast now that she briefly pictures it exploding .
te	PRES	I shudder again at that thought .
te	PRES	" Okay , tell me Trish . "
te	PAST	" Having a wife and a kid must make it so much harder to concentrate on the job in hand , " he observed .
te	PAST	Joe B. 's shoulders drooped as he gazed at the gift and softly thanked her .
te	PAST	Do not be imagining them dead because it is not so , ' he gruffly declared .
te	PRES	The scent of blood finds the beast 's nostrils as it circles away , ushering it back in for the kill .
te	PAST	Who would have guessed it ? "
te	PAST	A certain quiet blanketed the bus like flakes of snow on the playground .
te	PRES	" What about your childhood ?
te	PRES	" What kind of theory ? "
te	PAST	" Go watch some sitcoms , " Carol directed .
te	PAST	Jason eased back in his seat , a feeling of success washing over him as yet another company joined the Montenegro conglomerate .
te	PRES	Matthew sits , and spins in his chair once .
te	PAST	I confirmed with everyone involved in taking your X-Rays .
te	PAST	Kelsey 's lips puckered .
te	PRES	" Perdido Beach Hilton .
te	PAST	She cradled her mug with both hands and looked down into the cooling coffee .
te	PAST	My forehead crinkled with my confusion .
te	PRES	" And who manages this fortress ? "
te	PRES	* * * As soon as I see the pinstriped suit I groan .
te	PAST	Paul cuddled into Sam on the couch .
te	PRES	Through Vel , we exchange a good five minutes of small talk , paying each other compliments .
te	PAST	He stroked her hand as it laid on the table .
te	PRES	She ain 't really here .
te	PRES	Drew introduces me to the coach , who starts explaining my responsibilities .
te	PAST	Or what exactly they tracked .
te	PAST	I plastered on a smile , my insides turning to mush and my knees feeling wobbly when I thought about Zeke .
te	PRES	' Nice Master ! '
te	PRES	" We have to be careful , Solange .
te	PRES	She scoops up her backpack from the floor , swings it onto her shoulder , and heads for me .
te	PAST	He tested the first rung of the ladder , pulled himself up on the first step and then stepped back down .
te	PAST	Turning her over , he stroked her inner thighs and smiled at the painted toenails .
te	PAST	He brushes his fingers through a strand of my hair and tucks it behind my ear .
te	PAST	As her orgasm ripped through her , his shaft thickened even more , swelling until he could barely move inside her .
te	PRES	' Yes , pretty much all paperwork . '
te	PRES	My neck springs back and I feel my eyes blink a dozen times .
te	PAST	Someone thrust a cup into her hands , and McPherson put his arm around her in a fatherly way .
te	PAST	Maya huffed and crossed her arms , giving up .
te	PRES	' About Clare ! '
te	PAST	To not be judged , to be , like , admired . "
te	PAST	I swore an oath -- tried to tell you the truth , but it is killing me . "
te	PAST	Carefully surveying the bustling street , John assisted Sarah inside the small flat and introduced her to an older couple named Agnes and Walter .
te	PAST	You practiced the real witchcraft and cursed your town with plague that had killed everyone .
te	PAST	His shoulders slumped as if he 'd just accepted an unacceptable defeat .
te	PRES	When I shut the door behind me , I almost regret what I just did .
te	PRES	After she 'd gotten our iced tea , she vanished .
te	PRES	Many a day with dawn of gold this earth will lighten , many a flower will yet unfold , ere the cornfields whiten .
te	PRES	I stumble , and he sweeps an arm at my shins and sends me sprawling flat .
te	PRES	It has boundless power and moves through history with a certain autonomy .
te	PAST	I savored the sweet buttery meat , the dry clarity of the wine .
te	PAST	" Hurry , " I growled and slipped onto the steps , jogging lightly down the walk toward the driveway .
te	PRES	" Ell , " Theo 's voice was calm , " Listen to me . "
te	PAST	I scooped up the last puddle of chocolate in my bowl .
te	PRES	Dina raises a brow at me .
te	PAST	" Nobody guessed where the tools were , not even Black John .
te	PRES	Unless you 'd rather stay here and drown your sorrows with the masses . "
te	PAST	She suddenly recalled the pond and the children she had come so close to , but none of them had affected her in this way .
te	PRES	Deep lines scarred his forehead .
te	PAST	People owned cats , too .
te	PRES	He nods in approval at the dress .
te	PRES	I didn 't doubt that this system went beneath the entire city , a subterranean subway system for the paranormal express .
te	PRES	Your father grows restless in Italy if he 's there for too long .
te	PAST	He thrust his h * ps forward and his c * ck glided through the valley between her buttocks , his path eased by the weeping head .
te	PAST	The storm howled , throwing a gust of wind through the open doorway .
te	PRES	" Is Simone the one you branded ? "
te	PRES	I recommend you use this setting most of the time .
te	PAST	the second voice garbled out .
te	PRES	" How hopeful ? "
te	PAST	Man ... can he eat . "
te	PRES	He kisses my temple .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PAST	He unpacked his case and went out to the pub round the corner for a late lunch .
te	PRES	When I peek up at his face , he swallows and looks out the window .
te	PAST	Saul stroked his beard , while eyeing the creature .
te	PRES	He kisses my stomach , his hands on my back .
te	PRES	She nods to a place halfway between the house and the stable .
te	PAST	" I 'll bet they did , " Mason quipped .
te	PAST	He turned back to her , his eyes fevered .
te	PAST	She punched in a few numbers on the keypad and the wide door swung open .
te	PRES	" Oh ... that sucks . "
te	PAST	Seconds withered on and slow murmurs turned into whispers and escalated into conversations with food being stuffed into talking lips .
te	PAST	I mustered the standard Alchemist rhetoric .
te	PAST	A muscle twitched in Luke 's cheek .
te	PRES	He was a middle-aged man with graying hair and a tall , slender build .
te	PRES	' How romantic of you ! '
te	PAST	Because I owed my life .
te	PRES	The party continues until well into the night , and it 's almost two by the time we get home .
te	PAST	I pleaded with her , so close to dropping to my knees and begging it was a physical ache in my legs .
te	PRES	" You should have stayed at the hospital , " she scolded .
te	PAST	She shivered and turned her eyes back to the darkened ceiling , breathing deeply .
te	PAST	I sipped the wine , as he swallowed hard , saying , " More than you know . "
te	PRES	He glances mischievously at the old man , then leans in closer to me .
te	PAST	Eva and Kathleen traced Xavier to what they assumed was still his home .
te	PRES	" Could Bran -- " He stopped .
te	PRES	Jake 's eyes suddenly narrowed , dangerous sparks shooting out of them as he started strolling towards her .
te	PAST	He sagged with relief .
te	PRES	His face sinks like a misbegotten souffle as he checks the frame .
te	PAST	The people we granted sanctuary existed centuries ahead of you , and were indeed in human form .
te	PAST	The death of his sister seriously affected his work and conduct .
te	PRES	Within five seconds , it all clicks in .
te	PAST	But it soothed his nerves to make a circuit of the upstairs hallways .
te	PAST	Barkers , who had waited all night for this moment , hailed cabs for the very rich , then waited with their hand out for a tip .
te	PAST	He spied a glimpse of tattered sail clinging to the one remaining mast of the Bella Nicola as she barely bobbed over the waves .
te	PRES	Izzy raises her eyebrows and sips on her beer .
te	PAST	Such wasted talent if the piece is a forgery .
te	PAST	Her mind rejected the idea of the pile in front of her being used for murder .
te	PRES	And looking up your mom online .
te	PAST	Well , she wrinkled her nose with the thought , to live next to , more precisely , but that was just as good .
te	PRES	She laughs and even though it might be kind of funny , it pisses me off .
te	PRES	" Does ' everything ' include you ? "
te	PAST	Cassie choked back a sob as she shook her head .
te	PAST	Jalal 's derision scraped his already raw nerves .
te	PRES	" If they 're dungeons , I wan na see them ! "
te	PRES	Logistics appears to be a legit outfit .
te	PAST	The vicar then solemnly pronounced them man and wife .
te	PAST	The cheers in the arena echoed so loudly Sarah had to cover her ears to stop the ringing .
te	PRES	He crosses the room in three strides and pours two glasses of what looks to be Scotch .
te	PAST	" Even better , someone who knows us and is kindly disposed toward us .
te	PAST	She sagged there against the wall , clutching it , gasping for air .
te	PAST	I shrug , feeling abashed .
te	PRES	Little lady , he 'd called me , so disrespectful even as he showed me respect by shaking my hand .
te	PAST	Presently he ventured to rise on one elbow .
te	PAST	Wanda stirred some gummy bears into hers and sprinkled cheese on top .
te	PAST	The level of attraction she felt for Quinlan mystified her .
te	PAST	His voice echoed hauntingly in the chilly cavern .
te	PAST	Something shaped like a box hovered around me , humming .
te	PRES	Her eyes move from one object to another as she studies everything beyond the window .
te	PAST	he hissed at himself .
te	PAST	Her hair , maintained a soft golden red , formed a stylish wedge around her face .
te	PAST	He stroked her bare back with his thumb and she shivered .
te	PRES	Well , fortunately , Mandy keeps me company . "
te	PRES	The Undead frenzied to action , blood , excitement , and noise .
te	PAST	I adored Tally , in spite of her moods and her secrets , in spite of her funny business with Cowboy .
te	PAST	" Well , his family owned the license for the design and the manufacture of those boxes throughout Europe .
te	PRES	" Because they won 't listen , Rico .
te	PRES	Ring , church , honeymoon . "
te	PRES	" I beg to differ .
te	PAST	An officer from earlier that night named Torres signaled for me to bring Harper into a nearby office .
te	PAST	My heart thumped harder just as my belly melted .
te	PAST	He taught me how to read the signs for these kinds of things .
te	PRES	He prefers my jeans and T-shirts .
te	PAST	Wednesday , it rained , so I decided to go sit in the empty English classroom .
te	PRES	' But - ' ' No buts . '
te	PAST	He poisons our thoughts as he poisons his blade .
te	PAST	Today , Albert intended to sail Teleport across the bay to the eastern shore .
te	PRES	' It has a familiar ring to it , I gather ? '
te	PAST	Her runway entrance extinguished our conversation .
te	PAST	She drank deeply and capped the water bottle .
te	PRES	" The Feds ? "
te	PAST	She gently stroked him up and down .
te	PRES	Like wit ' Harold an ' Anita 's gang , the Skull Bones .
te	PRES	He nods his head .
te	PAST	An edge of frustration crept into his tone .
te	PRES	Them those NVG goggles . "
te	PAST	" I don 't think so , " the leader of the new group of suited men hissed through his teeth .
te	PRES	Cassidy scented it , Reid 's body heating into the flare that built right before he vanished .
te	PRES	" Isn 't that Rabbit with the others ? "
te	PAST	Suddenly he clicked his fingers and a huge smile covered his face .
te	PRES	" Oh you flatter me , Uncle .
te	PRES	I seize the opportunity , racing into the relative safety of the land outside the airfield .
te	PRES	Rachel grins wickedly from the side .
te	PRES	She nods and picks up her purse .
te	PAST	she gingerly asked Matthew in awe , her hair plastered to her head .
te	PAST	He lashed out at the attacker with short , quick punches while keeping his head down and covered with his fists .
te	PAST	Then I spotted you at mini-golf and then later on some guy 's porch .
te	PAST	He thrust deep one more time and erupted .
te	PRES	He supports our efforts to find his killer and has not hanged anyone for it yet , though he thought about it .
te	PRES	The door closes , lock engaged , alarm armed .
te	PAST	The fear withered in the heat of the anger .
te	PAST	" My lord , do you think that 's what they intend for you ? "
te	PAST	The clinic confirmed his story .
te	PRES	The room beeps and blares to life and Adam stiffens , pulls back ; his face collapses .
te	PAST	They must 've had a strong bond , Brad guessed .
te	PRES	He leans forward suddenly .
te	PRES	- Walk around in giddy shock and then be called into my boss ' office for a meeting I forgot about .
te	PAST	Several guards milled around outside , some with swords drawn , but they hastily sheathed them when they saw who approached .
te	PRES	Numbness spreads through me like poison , lurching from my fingertips to my toes .
te	PAST	Chapter 4 Kelly trailed Ethan 's aunt to the sofa .
te	PRES	His Majesty requires reparation .
te	PRES	So it appears that we are both startled as we stare at each other .
te	PRES	President Davis controls most of the army . "
te	PRES	" That I 'm g * y ?
te	PRES	He sometimes rushes into things too fast and won 't watch his own back . "
te	PRES	A hand clamps down on my shoulder .
te	PAST	The dog barked a few more times and then sniffed her , licking her foot .
te	PRES	The author reserves the right to modify or change the rules , as need dictates .
te	PRES	" Yes sir , " Lisa replies with disinterest while continuing to work .
te	PAST	The lawyer heaved a sigh .
te	PRES	He raises his brows as if the proposition were far from fiscal .
te	PRES	" Turning Lucifer heel ?
te	PRES	" I only serve that when I really want to impress a girl . "
te	PAST	His eyes gleamed with amusement as they landed on Ashby , and a disbelieving smile curved his thin lips .
te	PRES	" Because they punched the crap out of my ribs and it hurts to sit . "
te	PAST	A shadow crept across Dunk 's face as the sun was swallowed by a cloud .
te	PRES	You rule the fairest land in all the realms of time , and yet you do not seem content .
te	PRES	" In that case , prepare to spend half of our married life knocked senseless . "
te	PRES	In his mind , he pictured it moving along the cold floor .
te	PRES	One killer ... and he 's already dead .
te	PRES	One of the watchers forgot himself , began to applaud , and suddenly backed away , eyes cloudy with terror .
te	PAST	The armrest of the seat punched her in the stomach and the floor came up and hit her in the face .
te	PAST	She chewed her lip in a cute , frustrated sort of way .
te	PAST	If I stay with you ... " He trailed off .
te	PRES	He sinks further into his seat .
te	PRES	Her tone reflects her elation at the thought .
te	PAST	He deserved no such courtesy .
te	PAST	I fol owed his gaze to her white , unmarked neck .
te	PRES	She nods , waving her arms with excitement , says .
te	PAST	Three dogs barked at the back of the house , but because they did not venture forward , the policemen correctly assumed they were chained up .
te	PRES	Pop nods once and then looks out the window .
te	PAST	A darkness flickered in her eyes as she licked blood from her lips .
te	PAST	And he swore to help her .
te	PRES	The king of cheese , and made right here .
te	PAST	She speared her hand through her hair , a little frown creasing her forehead .
te	PAST	She stroked the side of my face as she looked at me with wide eyes .
te	PRES	She beams as if it were long overdue and hard won .
te	PRES	Someone grabs my hand , and I jerk it away , startled until I see it 's Pen .
te	PAST	The corporal sprang to attention .
te	PAST	Relief slithered through Sam as she stepped off the path and felt sand underfoot .
te	PAST	Instead of answering he chewed his lip and let his gaze slip down .
te	PAST	Sam detested the quiet sympathy in Rye 's tone , as if he 'd already tried and condemned the general .
te	PRES	Xavier owns the ice caves .
te	PRES	" Is this what you wanted to see , Sofia ? "
te	PAST	The powerful cameras easily defined the smallest of objects , including a golf ball lying in the grass , about a hundred feet from where I sat .
te	PAST	He realised that he had never really looked at a robin before , not really looked .
te	PRES	" Fuck it all , Rio .
te	PAST	I pocketed my phone , took my gun back from Zen , and nodded to Audrey .
te	PRES	Why can 't Puck just glamour me some clothes - " " Darling , darling , darling . "
te	PAST	They tiptoed past and , at last , reached the stern of the boat .
te	PAST	Other variants lined the workbench .
te	PAST	Miranda swiveled her head and frowned .
te	PRES	Taking a step back , Serena forces her gaze away .
te	PRES	" That rather depends on what Alexia has summoned us together to discuss . "
te	PRES	One who was willing to lay down his life to protect two strangers from his best friends , even though he needed the money to eat .
te	PAST	Everything reeked of death .
te	PAST	Joe spotted Ted immediately .
te	PRES	She rubs her hands up and down her arms and then her eyes fall to the floor .
te	PAST	So I lashed out , driving my foot into the back of her knee and making her land on her ass on the walkway .
te	PAST	Amusement twitched my mouth into a smirk .
te	PAST	The movement stirred Ethan , and he pulled his chair closer to the bed with a smile .
te	PRES	He gently rubs the skin on my abs , kissing firmer until his mouth moves to my neck .
te	PAST	Sloane grasped his hand beneath the table .
te	PRES	Cole puts his arm around my shoulder , " Come on , Hailey .
te	PRES	You deserve better than this .
te	PAST	My love for him overwhelmed me and I couldn 't imagine spending one moment in the world without him .
te	PAST	Yes , even fleetingly , she definitely deserved something .
te	PAST	His golden eyes glittered as he turned toward the south tower .
te	PAST	He licked across her mouth and tasted wine and woman .
te	PRES	Her heart splintered at the thought of Blake hurting .
te	PRES	He shoves me back , as if shaking out a handkerchief .
te	PAST	His nose wrinkled in disgust , like she was cow dung .
te	PRES	To shut him up , she leans over and kisses him hard on the lips .
te	PAST	The ones who didn 't ingest the NIL either recovered slowly or succumbed .
te	PRES	He confirms my suspicions .
te	PRES	Her eyelids flutter a few times , but her body 's still slack .
te	PAST	" By you , " he corrected .
te	PRES	With fresh hurt on his face , Harlin nods and steps away .
te	PAST	He swiveled around , in case Raven managed to dart by without him seeing .
te	PRES	" Mean man , " she scolded him .
te	PRES	I knelt beside her and placed my hand on her shoulder .
te	PAST	I guessed he was afraid I wouldn 't like his bluntness .
te	PAST	" He 's a good man , " the red head snarled , " You 're nothing but a whore , Devin .
te	PAST	In OCR is Not the Only Font , I acknowledged that this sort of event tends to prompt fun , silly stories over serious ones .
te	PAST	No longer thinking of the benefits or problems of getting himself off , he stroked his shaft harder .
te	PRES	Evidently , they 're old friends ... " " So ? "
te	PRES	Daniel grabs his backpack and helps Bobby out of the car .
te	PAST	The crazy thoughts crept in and thought that maybe one day I could have this with Jasmine then I quickly pushed that far out of my head .
te	PAST	' The Council in Constance results not only in the abdication of Gregory XII , ' he resumed .
te	PRES	The sky peers in through the dismal branches .
te	PRES	" How about we undress each other ? "
te	PRES	What stays and what goes . "
te	PRES	Jake handles the legal side .
te	PAST	" I love you , " Kelly blurted , unsure of why he felt inclined to say it just then .
te	PAST	Theo rifled through ; lots of large checked jackets in lurid blue or red , or black dinner jackets with satin lapels .
te	PAST	A lump formed in my throat .
te	PRES	He obviously still owns the domain name and has transferred it to another server .
te	PAST	I clicked over to my text messaging .
te	PRES	Still , I daresay , more was guessed than was known , though doubtless Mr. Baggins remained a bit of a mystery .
te	PRES	" I hope you don 't mind , " Lucky interrupted me .
te	PAST	I could reward you , " Asha purred , " Don 't you still want to kiss me ?
te	PAST	He strode out of the room with the cell in hand .
te	PRES	' Are we ready , Hugo ? '
te	PRES	Byron shakes his head slightly .
te	PAST	' No , no , that 's your department , ' Chicky protested .
te	PRES	He shakes his head and then waves it off .
te	PRES	Blood trickles down my ear .
te	PRES	" Even with a milk mustache . "
te	PRES	When the crowd 's noise fades to a hush , he straightens , then clears his throat .
te	PAST	He had thought to court her first , she certainly deserved that much .
te	PRES	" Trail this way , " he barks , shifting from foot to foot .
te	PRES	The heat between my legs warms my entire body .
te	PAST	" Honey , I 'm here for lunch , " bellowed a voice from downstairs .
te	PAST	She was bundled into a blue down jacket and scarf , picking at her fingernails , her head bowed .
te	PRES	Inside the tent , the sea monster whistled and growled .
te	PAST	Angelica swiveled in her seat .
te	PAST	His voice gained enthusiasm as he warmed to the idea .
te	PAST	I kneeled down next to him .
te	PAST	It occurred to me that if there was an agent walking around then there would be a point that our paths would cross and he would notice .
te	PAST	She stroked his chest .
te	PAST	Amber 's fingers stilled .
te	PRES	" Is there someplace where you can lock me up ? "
te	PAST	Below the catwalk , she pranced about the stage , singing " Run with Me . "
te	PRES	... Okay any ideas ? "
te	PAST	Out of nowhere , the sky darkened further .
te	PRES	I gather it 's common knowledge she was prone to do that sort of thing . "
te	PRES	" Unusual weather for this time of year . "
te	PRES	What 's the hobbit going to do with it , we wonders , yes we wonders . ' '
te	PAST	He revolved , seeing the bowman standing some feet away , rocking back on his heels with laughter .
te	PRES	Isaiah tugs on my hand , guiding me closer to him .
te	PAST	A capricious wind stirred the leaves on the trees .
te	PRES	She motions to Duval , who shows me to a chair of my own and hands me a goblet of wine .
te	PAST	He clambered up the ladder as quickly as he could .
te	PAST	Her voice cracked with emotion .
te	PAST	" But what about granddad ? "
te	PAST	Large decorated pillars lined a marble walkway to a platform at the end of the hall .
te	PRES	Strange feelings clench at my chest , ones I was taught to shut off .
te	PRES	The glass splintered but did not break as the man slid down .
te	PRES	He calls , he cries .
te	PAST	Elizabeth dabbed her mouth with her napkin .
te	PAST	Jason confirmed my suspicions , although I have to admit I would never have guessed you 'd agree to artificial insemination . "
te	PRES	" Even Matteo expects that . "
te	PRES	Emma puts the car into drive and sighs heavily .
te	PRES	" The Crown Prince ? "
te	PRES	Kayla appears nervous , but Charlie leans over .
te	PAST	" Most likely , my lord . "
te	PRES	" Beans equals knuckles ? "
te	PRES	As a matter of fact , I insist upon it . "
te	PAST	Nip leapt out through the swing doors and followed Jack .
te	PRES	His body tense with exhaustion and worry .
te	PAST	They galloped over to the rack of hats , trying each one on and making sexy poses in front of the mirror .
te	PAST	The frigid air scraped my lungs raw .
te	PRES	Tabitha leapt onto Jacobs turned back and the strangest feeling came over her .
te	PRES	Look , McGill , results ... we need results quickly ... or at least something I can point to when I 'm pressed for information .
te	PRES	He gently grabs my arm again .
te	PAST	Neither of us moved , his lips hovered over mine .
te	PAST	Allie strode forward , past shops and signs : Schmidt 's Beer , Planter 's Peanuts , Saltwater Taffy , Chicken in a Basket .
te	PAST	He dodged as she swung a punch his way .
te	PAST	A flickering blue glow hovered around it .
te	PAST	The kelp aimed itself at Rega , the only sun in their sky at the moment .
te	PRES	The file contains numerous dated pictures which progressively become better defined .
te	PRES	Mai shouts , giving Rift significantly less time to react compared to his previous battle .
te	PRES	" Just stay calm , " Alex lulled .
te	PAST	They formed a wall of suits and bodies .
te	PRES	She swam away from him .
te	PAST	A part of me yearned to reach out to him , to see if he was okay , but my family talked me out of it .
te	PAST	With that final warning , the woman effortlessly mounted her horse and galloped toward the conflict too .
te	PRES	Beside him , Henry Potty mark one was in an even worse state .
te	PRES	" His own aging would have killed him soon anyway , Mistress .
te	PAST	But even as I thought it , I pictured Adonis 's face in the snow and the bear that loomed over him .
te	PRES	And with that Nash was gone , leaving them to their bounty , Grey noting the urgency in Nash 's desire to reconnect with his team .
te	PAST	He cradled me against him .
te	PAST	Her expressions , too , especially when she frowned and tipped her eyes up , lips pursed .
te	PRES	" Even that bitch with the bad lipstick ? "
te	PRES	Now , with the recent attack , the Justice Building sits about ten yards away from the edge of a new crater .
te	PRES	It weighs more to me than it does for regular people .
te	PAST	" Hello , gorgeous , " she cooed .
te	PAST	A devilish twinkle crept into her eyes .
te	PRES	The image of the ship appears .
te	PAST	He grins , pulling me closer .
te	PAST	the secretary crept closer , though carefully as though the paper might reach out its grip and take hold of her .
te	PAST	The sun cross pendant gleamed at the base of her throat .
te	PAST	The ice blade sliced down , through her collarbone and out the other side , cutting her clean in two .
te	PRES	Running a kingdom well depends on a certain level of ... smooth talk , and I am the king . "
te	PRES	" If Sarah or Andrea were bit " He shakes his head .
te	PRES	I hate winning by forfeit , " Robbie grumbles .
te	PAST	" We won 't make Winterville without a break , " I panted .
te	PRES	No antibiotics , and all the doctors are ignorant and useless . "
te	PRES	" That it is , " he agrees without looking at me .
te	PAST	Kay sipped her coffee and watched the ducks .
te	PAST	" Hey little misses , stay away from my darling , " Hana blurted out .
te	PAST	I had guessed that about him .
te	PAST	and , still running , I swiveled to see a great white bird fluttering high above the street .
te	PAST	Adda , the goat Neil enjoyed visiting , greeted him and he petted her .
te	PAST	Apparently Jack 's story aroused some interest there .
te	PAST	Exhausted , his body slumped hard , flat against the steps .
te	PAST	Brianna 's hands skimmed along the muscles of his shoulders and arms , amazed at all the muscles that flexed under her fingers .
te	PAST	A door creaked open , followed by Helen and Caroline 's suppressed giggles .
te	PRES	Sweat forms on the back of my neck and a lone drop trickles down between my shoulder blades .
te	PAST	' It would be an insult if you did , ' Roman retorted mildly .
te	PAST	Every time she thought she had made up her mind , a memory or a thought occurred , and she again found herself pondering her choices .
te	PRES	He leans in and kisses me gently .
te	PRES	Samantha nods , her fingers worrying the edges of the paper .
te	PRES	" For my sake ? "
te	PAST	He even encouraged it .
te	PAST	Annie grudgingly acquiesced , and when she returned from taking the tray upstairs , she thanked Wong for intervening .
te	PRES	He admits it . "
te	PAST	Darkness hovered at the edges of his mind .
te	PRES	Liars disgust and infuriate me .
te	PAST	He angled his mouth over hers , teasing her with light brushes and gentle tugs on her bottom lip .
te	PRES	The ninja knelt where Ledo had stood and touched the ground with a few fingers and then with his palm .
te	PRES	" But what if the medication hurts him , now that he 's a blood drinker ? "
te	PRES	He usually greets me pleasantly and I leave .
te	PAST	I tapped hesitantly on the open door .
te	PRES	Another column of flame punches into the ceiling , obliterating the group of bats he just leapt away from .
te	PRES	Those horrible hateful words leapt out at her .
te	PRES	A boy sits at a low table , putting gears together with nimble fingers .
te	PRES	" God dammit ! "
te	PRES	' Yes , Gordian . '
te	PAST	I confessed to her I was sick of the local , with the Irish acting more Irish than Irish back home and the English doing the same .
te	PAST	Maybe I deserved it , too , after what I said to you . "
te	PAST	Hades strolled up to me and clasped my cheeks .
te	PAST	She sliced the tentacles , moving and dodging between them .
te	PAST	The vision of Mason sitting on that motorcycle oozed sex straight from his dark buzzed hair down to the chrome spokes on the wheels .
te	PAST	He spotted Logan Maxwell in the crowd , and Martin Howard at the bar .
te	PAST	We deserved to just enjoy each other .
te	PRES	Or reason to stay separate . '
te	PAST	I tapped my chest .
te	PAST	Not him , I hissed .
te	PAST	Two guys attacked the place yesterday and shot the pastor 's wife .
te	PAST	" You bastard ! "
te	PAST	An air taxi swerved , narrowly missing a tower only to crash into a freighter and explode .
te	PAST	Ken clicked to a different station .
te	PAST	He tasted of whiskey already .
te	PRES	" To protect me from harm ?
te	PRES	She adjusts her posture .
te	PAST	Breedlove presumed she was a God-fearing woman .
te	PRES	So Larry grabs a cleaver and heads for the dining room .
te	PRES	Kayden closes his menu and places it into the middle of the table beside the ketchup and mustard rack .
te	PAST	But as the kicks and punches rained in she eventually fell .
te	PAST	Tears stained his dust engrained face as he listened to the police sirens above , coming ever closer then moving away .
te	PRES	He grins , pulls out the squirt gun and proceeds to soak her .
te	PRES	" Although not quite clever enough .
te	PRES	Except for Sneed who had counted seven of his own rabbits not too long ago .
te	PAST	It paled slightly when I didn 't return it .
te	PAST	She tasted fear in her mouth .
te	PRES	I didn ´ t quite catch that image .
te	PAST	No use pretending not to know what the man in front of him taught him .
te	PRES	Shadows swam through the sky above .
te	PAST	He speared the knife into his anus and he has now collapsed dead to the floor . "
te	PRES	I said , my heart pounding .
te	PAST	These little girls yearned to know what made suffering , in the now and the hereafter .
te	PRES	" And what about my existing client ?
te	PRES	" Not a typical but . "
te	PAST	" You shall come , " I panted .
te	PAST	" She smiles at him , " she choked out .
te	PRES	He shakes his head , gulps down the rest of the beer , and then tosses the empty bottle into the trash .
te	PAST	Leah spotted it on top of a hot dog cart greedily stuffing hot dogs down its throat .
te	PRES	Those who did challenge us were easily knocked aside with our combined magic , falling over like dominos as we cleared them out of our way .
te	PRES	" Come ON , Harold .
te	PAST	An empty magazine rack along with another floor lamp completed the minimalist furnishings .
te	PRES	And then , just as I 'm thinking all of this , Holly grins this amazingly big grin .
te	PAST	" I rearranged my office and leaving the window open is a green initiative . "
te	PAST	Hoping to stay out of her peripheral vision , I tiptoed past the class as noiselessly as I could manage .
te	PRES	Stout , gray-haired and perhaps sixty-five , she brushes her hands off on an apron as she turns to greet us .
te	PRES	He hits him again and again , not stopping even when Kayden crumples to the ground .
te	PRES	" You alright ? "
te	PAST	" It 's not Alethea , " Lil blurted then instantly looked contrite .
te	PAST	I ... I overheard Duncan saying he was targeting organs .
te	PRES	She grabs her purse and meets him at the door .
te	PRES	She slumps over onto the ground , dead .
te	PRES	I heave in a sigh .
te	PAST	" I 'd like to know what happened to that crystal , " he remarked , yanking on his jeans .
te	PAST	Linda fussed over her purse .
te	PRES	" A bakery ! "
te	PAST	His vision shimmered , and suddenly he was looking up into his own face .
te	PRES	Her hand grabs at the hair on the sides of her temples and I hear the distress in her voice .
te	PRES	It depends on the person .
te	PAST	Daren formed the ice wall again , and nodded to Alyosha .
te	PAST	Lucy visibly shivered and held her arms tight around her chest .
te	PRES	" Poor wounded warrior .
te	PRES	He winces as he pulls himself back up to his feet .
te	PAST	Half a dozen lockers lined the left wall , and I opened the one Noelle pointed to .
te	PRES	Best sandwich in the city . "
te	PAST	For a moment , a spark of Reaper red fire shimmered in her eyes .
te	PAST	" I 'm not feeling good at all , " I remarked .
te	PAST	I intended to usurp Marcie 's Diva Queen throne tonight , my own propriety be damned .
te	PAST	Mr. Domingo taught at the University and had access to most buildings but not this one .
te	PAST	" Good Christ , " Gideon remarked from beside Hunter , shoving his hand through the short blond spikes of his hair .
te	PAST	She punched in the number of one of her latest .
te	PRES	" Poor Bates . "
te	PAST	He intended to show Morgan what he could do beneath the sheets , and meant to leave them both craving their wedding night .
te	PRES	Steve puts his right hand on his forehead and looks up at his uncle with his mouth hung open .
te	PRES	The enormous creature swam closer , and one of the sailors aloft shouted with alarm .
te	PRES	The douche follows her .
te	PRES	As Erin " slept " in the suspension chamber , she also dreamt .
te	PRES	See , the red streaks from the dull overhead lights . "
te	PRES	I heave a sigh .
te	PRES	Raffaele 's eyes widen , then narrow .
te	PAST	" No , it 's not you , " I apologized in return , understanding that it wasn 't all her .
te	PAST	He rocked into her , running a hand along her back .
te	PAST	" There 's is something else I need to tell you before we go in here , " he blurted out .
te	PRES	It flies like an arrow through honey , straight toward me .
te	PAST	He drops the knife , its hilt stained with his blood , to reveal a matching wound along his own palm .
te	PAST	With no time to waste , Daemon scooped me up and rushed from the warehouse .
te	PRES	Erik leapt backward , but could not bring his blade around to block it in time .
te	PRES	" Apparently this extends to one 's oldest child 's oldest child .
te	PRES	" It really sucks , " Benjamin retorts .
te	PRES	" That it was , Lou .
te	PRES	Murphy descends the stairs , his steps echoing in the silent cavern .
te	PRES	" Turn around , " he orders me , and a thrill of desire rushes through me .
te	PAST	Before their very eyes , Arianna shimmered and changed into something a third of the size she had been . "
te	PAST	Then it dawned on me .
te	PRES	While he snores ? "
te	PRES	Still just a shell , but I could see what it was going to be .
te	PRES	Not me , " Bruce warns .
te	PAST	When sanity returned , he rocked back on his heels , horrified by what he had done .
te	PAST	She unlocked a door and led him into an office .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips .
te	PRES	' You dreamt all these things ? '
te	PRES	Run Fast shouts , rubbing his stomach .
te	PRES	Second place equals second rate .
te	PAST	As Bones spun around , he spotted a redheaded vampire perched on the roof on the other side of the alley .
te	PRES	The silence sits in the air between us , heavy with grief .
te	PAST	Howling in pain , the faery resorted to pounding at me with its huge fists .
te	PAST	She then rambled , stepping away from me .
te	PRES	Despite the coffee and the aspirin , my head continues swimming and it is difficult to concentrate on what he is saying .
te	PAST	The muscles in his arms bulged , raising his T-shirt 's sleeve and showing me the coiled red snake .
te	PRES	Cora leans past me to look down the hall .
te	PAST	She stirred restlessly underneath him and he clenched his teeth together , his jaw going achingly tight as he fought his release .
te	PRES	Almost immediately , he appears confused , and I can only imagine how fast his heart is starting to beat .
te	PAST	A charm , me lord .
te	PAST	Lily summoned enough strength to smack him with the pillow .
te	PRES	Nobody stays the same .
te	PAST	" I stabbed her again and again , trying to get just ... I don 't know .
te	PAST	She kisses me back , her mouth soft and insistent against mine .
te	PAST	Another barrel blasted up into the blue , exploding to cheers .
te	PAST	" You summoned a god and didn 't think it worth telling your best friend ? "
te	PRES	It appears now that she never did .
te	PAST	Someone else overheard her conversation . "
te	PRES	" Great goodness ! "
te	PRES	And then Tammy . "
te	PAST	Whoever could get from Point A to Point B in the shortest amount of time using the vents won . "
te	PAST	Here , I existed .
te	PAST	One thought occurred to him as he stood there -- he never again wanted to feel as he did at that moment .
te	PAST	" Wait , " Tim protested .
te	PAST	Immediately I slumped to the ground , my chest heaving .
te	PRES	Holding the life line , which had miraculously been left on deck , Ian continues to sprint to the stern and dives overboard .
te	PAST	He hissed in a breath .
te	PRES	Others - " " Demons can create worlds ? "
te	PRES	She nods as if conceding .
te	PAST	The night it rained so much ? "
te	PAST	He bowed with a faint smile , then straightened and spoke in a crisp , businesslike manner .
te	PAST	His mouth weakened her , and that was that .
te	PRES	Drives Blade crazy , too . "
te	PAST	She puckered and kissed his thumb slowly and sensuously , forgetting about her struggle to breathe .
te	PAST	Joshua shielded himself , waiting for it to settle .
te	PAST	Her thoughts spiraled into intricate fantasies about what other places he might kiss on her body .
te	PAST	" Well that 's one less thug to worry about at least , " he observed hopefully , refilling his own cup .
te	PRES	Enzo stays where he is , his expression guarded , his eyes trained on the Spider 's back , thinking .
te	PRES	Stay away from guys online that approach you claiming they 're in love with you !
te	PRES	Coach unlocks the gym door and we all go inside .
te	PRES	Like a predator , she scans the fresh meat through the window , picking out her prey .
te	PAST	She breezed toward the door .
te	PRES	Looking down at Reginald , he appears to be healing .
te	PRES	Institutes function like the embassies of mundane governments .
te	PAST	Miriam 's pen dripped , and she covered her writing with a sheet of blotting paper .
te	PAST	After a few minutes , Joseph stirred in his chair , slowly opening one eye and then the other .
te	PAST	His seemingly casual attitude masked a deeper truth .
te	PAST	Chapter 4 The sand was warm against the back of her thighs as Dylan slowly trailed kisses across her jaw and down her neck .
te	PAST	Lights flickered beyond the dirty windows .
te	PRES	Prince scratches his forehead and pushes back .
te	PRES	It smells of burnt grease , but it seems smaller in my eyes , now that I know it 's not moving the ship .
te	PRES	Dana raises her brow .
te	PAST	Louisa shivered , her hands moving restlessly .
te	PAST	Surreal swore until she could feel the words swirling around the room like smoke .
te	PRES	" Me too , " he replies softly .
te	PRES	I just adore Pauline , and I know he could not care less about her . "
te	PRES	He straightens up with a wide grin .
te	PRES	' Nice block . '
te	PRES	He backs up , wipes them , and moves forward .
te	PAST	The young woman sized up the stranger , undoubtedly wondering why he was staring at her with such dead eyes .
te	PRES	" Is everything alright ? "
te	PAST	Their feet protruded beyond the boxes , and if Cal suddenly moved behind her , she knew the speculation that would go on .
te	PAST	He twisted around , pistol leveled , to guard their backs .
te	PRES	" He 's the gent you were asking me about , ain 't he ?
te	PRES	I seize the opportunity to free myself and get up .
te	PAST	Out of the corner of his eye , Sebastian spied beings easing up the stairs to eavesdrop on them .
te	PAST	Lindsey 's scowl emphasized the wrinkles around her eyes .
te	PAST	The dragon bellowed , clapping a hand to his head .
te	PRES	" But it still sucks that I can 't get out of here . "
te	PRES	" Please , " I beg .
te	PAST	His finger indicated a rotund fellow , whose face looked glossy with sweat .
te	PRES	My eyes flick to James .
te	PAST	" Don 't serve him , Kev " Jo bellowed , coming up behind him .
te	PRES	Someone sits next to me .
te	PAST	Jim snarled , his black lips framing enormous fangs , and stepped between me and the prisoner .
te	PRES	" After you helped her torture me ?
te	PAST	Emily taught me that .
te	PAST	She stirred in her sleep .
te	PRES	" My lobster sandwich from lunch ... here it is ! "
te	PAST	' Shut it Bambi , ' snarled Ryan .
te	PAST	For a spell every time he got promoted he would have a picture taken and send it to his mother .
te	PAST	" I should have guessed it was you giving the sarge such a hard time . "
te	PRES	He pictured her lying in bed , waiting for him .
te	PAST	Ashe scooped ice cream , a determined set to his mouth .
te	PRES	" Only after I 'm able to hold her in my arms and say goodbye . "
te	PAST	Mentally sighing , he misted back to his bedroom where an illusion of him lay as if sleeping on his cot .
te	PAST	Sebastian stirred , sitting up and leaning toward her , his eyes dark slits .
te	PRES	Kimbra 's eyes widen in shock .
te	PAST	" So the police are interested , " the man remarked .
te	PRES	He shakes his head slightly .
te	PRES	" Or other tanks . "
te	PAST	This earned another nod .
te	PAST	During the cab ride Zena clung to me like a frightened child .
te	PAST	Admitting that ripped apart something inside him .
te	PRES	' On the face of it , it appears to have just broken down . '
te	PAST	Ella cuddled closer to him , relieved that there had been a simple explanation for what she had walked in on .
te	PAST	Chapter 21 We stood on the sidewalk , between Zander 's car and the storefronts lined with garbage bins .
te	PRES	It hits too close to home , and the horror of discovering my little brother had been murdered in a similar fashion sweeps through me .
te	PRES	" Congratulations , Mr. and Mrs. Harrison .
te	PRES	We all want to know what is happening , " Dresden replies impatiently .
te	PRES	" You tired , Aly Cat ? "
te	PRES	It rushes towards me , so fast and stilted that I hardly have a chance to move .
te	PAST	He creaked around as quietly as possible , stepping carefully .
te	PAST	I ripped my arm from his grasp and stumbled backward , falling onto my butt , the hard landing effectively shoving my stomach back where it belonged .
te	PAST	I huffed out a breath .
te	PRES	" Of course , Master .
te	PAST	" You never told me how beautiful the network is to watch , " Jeremy remarked .
te	PRES	His eyes widen unexpectedly .
te	PRES	" But thanks for coming by , Tammy .
te	PAST	His voice , his fingers shook as he operated the door , posed on the threshold of the rest of his life .
te	PRES	She raises her chin and meets his gaze .
te	PRES	The next one rushes toward me , but does not phase out in time and knocks me to the ground .
te	PAST	You perished with her .
te	PRES	I love the dobro but , never , never would I claim to be master of it .
te	PAST	But that paled in comparison to another matter .
te	PAST	I declared , feeling proud of myself for standing up to Eden .
te	PAST	" Damian Luxe , please satisfy requested command or we will speak to this human female outside to verify .
te	PAST	The bitter thought occurred to me that I ought to dig my own grave while I was at it .
te	PRES	Spencer raises his head and drool drips down his cheek .
te	PAST	She traced her fingertips down his back , loving the feel of velvet poured over electrified steel .
te	PRES	When they are all dead , the three of us emerge from the trees .
te	PRES	( ; hope I didn 't make things too awkward ... just been dying to do that ! "
te	PRES	" Mmm hmm , " he hums , shifting his good hand to cup my face while he continues to plunge my mouth with his tongue .
te	PAST	Iona 's eyes gleamed .
te	PAST	He grasped my forearms in his big hands .
te	PRES	Marcus leans in and I 'm debating whether or not to toss the water on him when Jack appears in the doorway .
te	PRES	Deliberate , controlled , delaying what waits for her upstairs .
te	PRES	It just appears to be thinking . '
te	PRES	" Abram , I did not - " " Quiet ! "
te	PAST	He spotted her and stepped around the wall 's ledges to greet her .
te	PAST	I never intended on doing this , but I have lost everything .
te	PRES	They all clapped , their football helmets bobbing back and forth .
te	PRES	She didn ´ t want to worry her maker .
te	PAST	His eyes scraped over me .
te	PRES	I demand an answer immediately . "
te	PAST	He fully intended to destroy your ethereal beauty , the most precious thing you or anyone can ever possess . "
te	PRES	He groans , rubbing his hands up my back .
te	PRES	But four years ago , he vanished .
te	PAST	Heat seared her hands as she pressed them against the chest of the ridiculously gorgeous man whose low voice had just rumbled through her .
te	PAST	Nowhere she wanted to go , she amended reluctantly .
te	PAST	She earned her freedom . "
te	PAST	James strolled down the street and listened to his own soles of his own shoes scraping with each step .
te	PAST	Following his commands , she eased her arms back , then spread her legs .
te	PRES	spat one of the men as they dragged her into the back entrance of a small building adjoining the alley .
te	PRES	" There appears to be a firefight underway a couple hundred meters to our west .
te	PAST	Elliott toys with a match that he 's taken from his pocket and doesn 't say anything .
te	PAST	The corner of his mouth twitched upward .
te	PRES	Because the lavender was enough to make her gag too .
te	PRES	She raises a brow at me , but I shake my head and return to the others .
te	PRES	He laughs then and gets up .
te	PRES	I demand incredulously looking at the sheer drop off below me , " We actually have to climb down that ? "
te	PAST	You won , and you pocketed the cash and walked away .
te	PAST	He punched in a floor .
te	PAST	A luxurious rug spanned almost every inch of the circular room , threads every shade of gray and silver .
te	PRES	" And with Flying Dragon 's original invoice manifest . "
te	PRES	The stone glows red .
te	PRES	What kind of father keeps his children away from their mother ? "
te	PRES	" And again I say , non !
te	PAST	Keeley 's brow wrinkled a moment . " '
te	PAST	I chatted a little with her friend when she went to the bathroom . "
te	PRES	Someone introduces you at a party ?
te	PRES	" The Shadows create the horror of this world , " she continues .
te	PAST	The young man 's voice sounding clear and strong , eased the tension that had built up in Tom 's neck and shoulders .
te	PRES	" How about an ice cream cone ? "
te	PAST	For that matter , he wouldn 't have confided in her even now if his boss hadn 't demanded it .
te	PAST	Cain 's eyes flickered to the orange flames on the horizon and he shut his mouth , subdued into nodding .
te	PAST	And those antagonistic aliens -- which were essentially asterisks -- flickered across the screen like expiring fluorescent bulbs .
te	PRES	He polished off his Scotch .
te	PRES	That role still resides with each state governor or provincial minister meeting in the Governor 's Council .
te	PRES	Marlene puts her on speaker .
te	PRES	" My Great Grandma ? "
te	PAST	No , a voice roared inside his head .
te	PRES	She closes the door .
te	PAST	She sipped from the edge of the mug and shrugged .
te	PAST	Jealousy scoured his insides like lye on exposed skin .
te	PRES	" Um ... " He pauses , standing still on the path .
te	PAST	Explosions and screams roared around Tom making it impossible for him to think .
te	PAST	' And what about that drug dealer in New York , the one who stabbed you in the back ? '
te	PRES	The butterfly continues to flutter around me .
te	PAST	I sipped my beer and listened .
te	PAST	When he was gone , and the door was closed again behind him , silence reigned .
te	PAST	He blocked her path .
te	PAST	Eddie observed her wet clothes .
te	PAST	It won " t. Because you " ve got a werewolf and a vampire down here , understand ?
te	PRES	" Scotty Brooks . "
te	PRES	" Unfortunately , Martial Knight no longer exists . "
te	PAST	As the floor was opened for comments , a line quickly formed at the microphone .
te	PAST	I swore I heard an uptick in Thomas 's heart .
te	PRES	Hailey grabs my arm .
te	PAST	I should have guessed . "
te	PRES	My indecisive expression becomes more accepting as I smile back up at him .
te	PAST	" Hello again , " purred the silver-haired vampire who 'd left me to die in a burning club .
te	PAST	Mrs. Kilpatrick looked at Julia , she blinked and then , he could swear , the ends of her lips twitched upward .
te	PRES	I unbutton the next button on her shirt and move my lips a little lower .
te	PAST	So Dagmar fol owed Rhiannon .
te	PAST	His nose wrinkled some more .
te	PAST	The Volvo 's window hissed closed , as if Ashley had just realized that this had become a conversation she wasn 't meant to hear .
te	PAST	" Don 't touch me , " he barked .
te	PAST	Angelica eased back against her pillows , closing her eyes briefly .
te	PRES	he replies just as quietly as I did .
te	PRES	" The Grand Fleet claims they sent a signal across the planet to try to get people to evacuate . "
te	PRES	" What program ? "
te	PRES	" Ren , " he half scolded into my shoulder .
te	PRES	" Alice Savage ? "
te	PRES	The fiery meteorite builds upon the wall making it stronger and longer for protecting the moon ... " Duce frowns with confusion .
te	PAST	As if her blood flowed with fire .
te	PRES	I clench my bottom lip between my teeth .
te	PAST	As his solitude grew , Sebastian 's resolve to stay away from Serenity weakened .
te	PAST	Happiness shimmered in the old woman 's eyes as she placed one hand on Carrie 's shoulder and leaned heavily against her .
te	PAST	Behind us , other men crowded around .
te	PAST	Milos looked at her , a bit stunned by her response .
te	PAST	At the same moment , it occurred to him that the night was far hotter than any he 'd ever experienced .
te	PAST	Isaac resumed his spot at the podium with a bounce in his step .
te	PRES	" Because you refuse to accept the obvious . "
te	PAST	Silence reigned between us as God 's song , the wind , rustled each leaf .
te	PRES	After finally finding his voice , he leans across the desk .
te	PAST	She deliberately adopted a business-like air as she seated herself in front of his desk , preparing to sort through the mail with him .
te	PRES	- I regret this but we have to obey the patient 's wish .
te	PRES	" What smells so good ? "
te	PAST	I observed her as she made her way through the line .
te	PRES	It suits you . "
te	PAST	Panic seared through my chest and tears stung my vision .
te	PRES	I instruct Greg and we pull up outside it .
te	PAST	The lieutenant 's footsteps echoed down the alleyway .
te	PAST	Sandra punched a button and answered the call .
te	PRES	His eyes flick open and I see how drained he looks .
te	PAST	I giggle softly at her confidence .
te	PAST	That combined with their kiss from earlier had his blood rushing to the southern parts of his body .
te	PRES	" On hopes and fears -- the Hermit .
te	PAST	Three helicopters thumped in the distance , coming closer .
te	PRES	And then the bouncer shows up and William was demanding to see the manager ... " " And that 's when we came over .
te	PAST	Knowledge of what to do sprang into her head as another flickering light glowed in the vast black landscape at the back of her mind .
te	PRES	" Scarlet , finally . "
te	PRES	He hadn 't known she was bleeding out on the inside , a kidney and her liver ruptured , her intestines bruised beyond repair .
te	PRES	He laughs and catches it .
te	PRES	I giggle , staring at him .
te	PAST	The lingering fragrance of her perfume teased his nostrils , the scent of her blood aroused all his senses .
te	PRES	Everything depends on whether they keep those records in an accessible form for the public . "
te	PAST	" I 'm okay , " I squeaked , coughing to find my voice .
te	PRES	" Yeah , until Ty decides how to pay ya back . "
te	PRES	You don 't know anything , " she retorts stomping off .
te	PRES	But , not with Khloe .
te	PRES	Ketchup interrupts before she can .
te	PAST	Throughout the next day , the winds howled but by late afternoon , it began to subside .
te	PAST	" You 've already said as much , " I retorted , unimpressed .
te	PRES	" Not the dungeons .
te	PRES	" Isn 't this insane for a hotel ? "
te	PAST	He swore when he realized there were two hunters on the premises and one of them was Kadie 's father .
te	PRES	Sykes flies backward , a jet of steam squirting from the hole .
te	PAST	They greeted her , but quickly went about their business .
te	PRES	She leans forward and kisses me , then pulls back and starts to loosen the edge of the package .
te	PAST	He sipped his coffee while his friends waited .
te	PAST	" He attacked me ! "
te	PRES	Because it smells so bad .
te	PAST	' What if she recognised you ? '
te	PAST	Objection , sustained , and then Mrs. Foy raised her arms to heaven and cried out , " Oh , Judge , that is terrible .
te	PRES	The cabin backs to the woods .
te	PRES	Serena peers closer at the wrinkles around his eyes .
te	PRES	" No worries . "
te	PAST	Her words included Mr. Stuart as well as the two of us .
te	PRES	She leans forward and gives me a kiss on the mouth .
te	PRES	" He keeps the beads in a treasury building just east of here .
te	PAST	She licked her lips , nodded and squeezed my hands .
te	PAST	Pretty ballsy for someone who 'd almost just got his head ripped off .
te	PAST	No craft permitted to land at Redoubt .
te	PRES	Correct , and circle plus circle equals square .
te	PAST	All of human history traced back to this one question .
te	PAST	He zoomed in on it and saw that it had her saucer in gripped with its legs .
te	PAST	" I thought you two might be busy , " I mumble , stepping inside .
te	PRES	Moss and wild vines overtook the house like a giant spiderweb .
te	PAST	' Would to the gods I could have fled away alone - or with an equal , ' he lamented as he peered out into the darkness .
te	PAST	She deserved this moment .
te	PAST	Morgan grasped a wand in his left hand which spat gold sparks and light as the stored power became active .
te	PRES	He nods , oblivious .
te	PAST	He knelt down on one knee to check over her .
te	PAST	Adam Clayton Powell once owned the house .
te	PRES	A bit sore , but that 's alright .
te	PRES	A wave of nausea hits me and I have the overwhelming sensation to hurl .
te	PAST	Back in camp , two widely spaced receivers recorded their signals so that their computer could plot them in two dimensions .
te	PRES	He notices everything and leaves out nothing .
te	PRES	He values my opinion .
te	PRES	In fact , I guarantee it . "
te	PAST	Edwin examined the grate .
te	PRES	Francesca pictured the insolent grin Butch had worn while shoveling all that bullshit her way in his office .
te	PRES	It appears as a , a little ember , perhaps .
te	PRES	I refuse to go until I know you 're going to be okay . "
te	PAST	Confidence permeated her voice .
te	PRES	" So old Clay ... " Tim takes six sticks of gum , half the package .
te	PRES	He leans back towards his desk and places his left elbow firmly on top of it .
te	PAST	Doing this not only alerted her prey , but it also made him furious .
te	PRES	' Blue skies ! '
te	PRES	Graham 's temper , which he 'd barely been holding on to , splintered .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PRES	The guy sitting next to me laughs and joins in with their conversation , his arm never straying from my shoulders .
te	PRES	she gasps through tears .
te	PAST	Grace admired his willpower .
te	PRES	His great snout sinks backward into the skull .
te	PRES	" Embry , you bitch . "
te	PRES	He watches me as my hands move down .
te	PRES	Beep , beep , beep .
te	PAST	" Victor - " With a firm motion he thrust her back and turned to place himself between her and the approaching danger .
te	PRES	She reached her arms around his waist , her hands gripping the back of his white shirt .
te	PRES	" Then say it , " he laughed with his hair in his face , beautiful eyes sparkling .
te	PRES	All the compartments were empty , all sparkling clean .
te	PAST	The fangs that had penetrated her throat a moment ago gleamed as white as pearls , sharp points filling his mouth .
te	PAST	" What about the boxes from my apartment ? "
te	PRES	The sky glows a light purple .
te	PAST	Her lobe tingled with the warmth of his breath .
te	PRES	She pauses again and I wonder if for a split second , she 's contemplating my words on a deeper level .
te	PRES	Like a slippery eel , she twists and twice I lose my grip .
te	PAST	She heaved a sigh and kept the flower pot at its place .
te	PAST	And we suffered pillage at the hands of Prince Maurice and his men . '
te	PAST	" We sorted things with Mr. Allison , Captain .
te	PAST	The scribe bowed to her and then reached across the table and put a clay tablet covered in cuneiform writing in front of her .
te	PAST	Hmm ... " I tapped my chin .
te	PAST	The boards scraped and chafed her bare legs and rear .
te	PAST	" So enlighten me , Amjad .
te	PRES	It appears like they are trying to provoke the gods . "
te	PAST	He 'd been wrong , her skin tasted lovely but her blood was glorious .
te	PRES	" Death , " Will replies , looking past the crowd and directly at me .
te	PRES	" Over time and thru my travels I have gathered much information about the Queen .
te	PAST	" That 's why she insisted I take that ticket , " Hannah mused .
te	PAST	I mimicked her , trying to relay the utter respect I felt for her .
te	PRES	She shows up every morning to give him the goods on what Christopher 's doing .
te	PAST	Damn , he deserved to have his other pinky twisted .
te	PRES	It requires only a narrow gap for an undernourished body .
te	PRES	Dham walks over and collects his bell .
te	PRES	" Enjoying yourselves ? "
te	PRES	Then , lamely , she iced the cake .
te	PAST	Jasmine 's gasp confirmed my many realizations .
te	PRES	" You don 't have to do that , " I insist .
te	PAST	He pursed his lips .
te	PRES	Like hearing your own heartbeat , but being unable to alter it , I obey his command .
te	PAST	" Ula , " I hissed in the moonlit room .
te	PAST	" They ... " I trailed off , trying to think of the best answer that wouldn 't lead to more questions .
te	PAST	Jimmy Lee 's eyes yielded nothing .
te	PAST	Slipping his tongue inside , he explored and increased the pressure .
te	PRES	" You wan na do something about it ? "
te	PRES	" You shouldn 't cuss , " Amber scolded .
te	PRES	I flick through the folders , but they 're of no use to me .
te	PAST	" They 're mad , " the guardsman panted .
te	PAST	And the animal inside her craved him with a need born of madness .
te	PRES	Like that Ayatollah asshole . "
te	PRES	He shook his head in denial , although it cost him dearly , as the pain increased , spikes seeming to stab through his skull .
te	PAST	Her parents ' behavior toward her only encouraged her foreboding thoughts .
te	PAST	My lip quivered for a second before I drew back the grief and replaced it with fighting strength .
te	PRES	" Oh , come on , Jimmy .
te	PAST	A smile formed on his lips .
te	PRES	Let 's map out our day , shall we ? "
te	PAST	" Kill these foreigners , " the old man standing at the desk barked .
te	PRES	" And maybe close that robe . "
te	PAST	It all boiled down to whether or not he could forgive her for sleeping with the enemy .
te	PRES	My heart hammers harder .
te	PRES	" Volcanic ash ? "
te	PAST	Then he , too , swarmed up the side of the ship and through the hole in the hull .
te	PAST	" It howled once . "
te	PAST	But when my fingertip touched the flower , it instantly darkened , withering and drying as each petal turned black .
te	PAST	I taught him to fence .
te	PRES	A cloud of numbness sweeps over me .
te	PRES	He leans in close , putting his lips right up beside my ear , and wraps my wrist in his hand , feeling my erratic pulse .
te	PRES	She turned over , heart pounding .
te	PAST	" Me , too , " huffed April .
te	PRES	" You don 't have a headache , " she scolded me .
te	PRES	It already appears we are overly familiar .
te	PRES	Rian nods and writes something down .
te	PRES	Six stirs in my lap .
te	PRES	' In the nick of time ! '
te	PAST	com All rights reserved .
te	PAST	Ryan strolled by after helping to stow some of the equipment for the evening , and stopped for a brief chat .
te	PAST	Despite the cold , perspiration misted her forehead .
te	PAST	My stubbornness pissed him off even more , so he pushed me back on the bed and started screaming at me .
te	PAST	It occurred to him he 'd just delivered the tenderest speech he 'd ever spoken to a woman .
te	PAST	Sweet grains slithered on my tongue .
te	PRES	" His buddies . "
te	PRES	Chapter 15 I stumble to my feet , wanting to run away from the sight , but it follows me .
te	PRES	Ian orders a combo platter , and Mr. Martinez retreats back to the kitchen .
te	PRES	Divorce messes with your head . "
te	PRES	Logan 's football coach hovers over me .
te	PAST	A jagged piece of metal protruded from the ground inches from my left eye .
te	PAST	He craved the essence of her , pure Solange , the taste and rush unlike any other .
te	PAST	Liam blocked the blow with his forearm , then rolled over his own shoulder to crouch several feet away .
te	PAST	He then mounted and headed for the river to see if there had been any change in its disposition .
te	PAST	He bowed his head before it , the way a man might when faced with the inevitable cold of winter 's first wind .
te	PAST	Marcus roared and shoved his knee between her legs , sinking betwixt them intimately .
te	PRES	" Oh now , that hurts . "
te	PAST	Echo quickly skimmed over the rest of the writing .
te	PRES	Or its cage . "
te	PAST	Willa furrowed her brow , confused by his remark .
te	PRES	He grins and holds out a hand for me to shake .
te	PRES	" Civil war , " he leans over and mitigates me with a soft penetrating grin .
te	PRES	she continues with another aggressive sneer .
te	PAST	The cool water tasted good .
te	PAST	The sheets formed attachments to the liquid of her wounds , pulling free painfully when she tossed or turned .
te	PRES	" But what I can 't handle , Sky ?
te	PAST	I shivered at the picture his words painted .
te	PRES	" The technology that created you keeps me alive .
te	PAST	I intended to tell you only about the accident , but you seem to have pieced together our puzzle . "
te	PAST	Davies roared at the men , saying that inspections would be made , and any who hadn 't their full ration pack should straightaway remedy the situation .
te	PRES	He focuses his attention on the image of himself with his arm wrapped around Nora .
te	PRES	MaryAnn watched the mage through the window , imagining his fatigue , hoping he was exhausted standing there , the rain pounding down on his unprotected head .
te	PAST	Lucas deserved better than that , so I would have to overcome my shame .
te	PAST	He knelt , checking for a pulse and finding none .
te	PAST	Her brow wrinkled in confusion .
te	PAST	" I swore I would never let her name be known even if ... even if you came looking for me . "
te	PAST	" Might work , " Cal mused .
te	PRES	Our gaze shifts to Rian simultaneously .
te	PAST	Gloria sipped her tea , sending him a thoughtful look over the rim of her cup .
te	PRES	I weave around the tables , saying hi to kids from school , then grab the corner booth .
te	PRES	" And I refuse to put her in harm 's way , so figure something else out . "
te	PRES	" Until tomorrow , Tara . "
te	PAST	" Savvy Bent , don 't you ever let anyone hold you back .
te	PAST	" Always so awkward , so ... " When she hesitated , Emily finished her sentence .
te	PRES	I receive any injury that I directly inflict upon another .
te	PRES	" And that pain definitely keeps someone immobile . "
te	PAST	He flopped back down on the bed and I felt his hands on my ass squeezing firmly .
te	PRES	" We admire your gifts and talents . "
te	PAST	I owed him that .
te	PRES	The rappelling ropes dangle like wiggling snakes from my warrior attacks .
te	PRES	His dad towered at six feet tall with an athletic build and played football in high school .
te	PAST	Ignoring those for now , Iain waded deeper into combat , fending off one attack after another , moving on animal instinct and centuries of practice .
te	PRES	His forelegs lashed out , lightning swift , raking his steel spines against the scorpion 's shoulder .
te	PRES	And all this while he sinks deeper and deeper into the water so that its surface is up to his neck .
te	PRES	Then I practically sprint toward the kitchen .
te	PRES	A bubble of air hits my back and I soar up higher .
te	PRES	Francesca spends the majority of the wait alternating between snickering and admiration of the colorful outfits .
te	PRES	When the kegs and brandy appeared on the bar , she vanished them and jumped off the stool .
te	PRES	' Might brighten up your night . '
te	PRES	" My Ariana . "
te	PAST	The sack of oats , which had landed between Earl and Clint , twitched .
te	PAST	Twirling the twin blades around , she sliced her way through the souls with ease .
te	PAST	As they started walking up the trail the Speaker resumed talking .
te	PAST	" But there 's been no military increase in nearly half a century , " the Prince protested .
te	PAST	He stabbed her -- one jab in the neck .
te	PAST	One corner of his mouth twitched , just a little .
te	PAST	People crowded the small stretch of grass before the Block 7 , and in the whirlwind of faces , he saw Nanny 's familiar gangly form .
te	PRES	His face contorted as if he were trying to block it all out .
te	PRES	" Crista Galli safely in the hands of Vashon Security Force . "
te	PRES	The big man knelt down in front of him .
te	PAST	Then when I was halfway through my first bottle , I sprang from my seat and rushed to the window .
te	PRES	" Not bad Charles ... not bad . "
te	PRES	She cuts her eyes in my direction .
te	PAST	Her boot creaked on the old wooden floors and she paused , taking the entire bookstore in at one glance .
te	PRES	The pain becomes more than I can bear ; wrenching , bones cracking , the blood in my body ceases to flow .
te	PRES	Hearing that remark , Ian 's eyes widen .
te	PAST	" I met him during my first Season in London , " she slowly confessed .
te	PAST	I never realised that -- " As she 'd known he would , Geoffrey quickly lost interest and cut her off .
te	PRES	" I gather , then , that all is not honey and roses here between the reunited couple ? "
te	PRES	He walks in silence for a few seconds before speaking again .
te	PRES	" Maybe if someone ran a wire into the pleasure centers of her brain and kept stimulating them .
te	PAST	She sagged in the Inquisitor 's grip , no longer struggling .
te	PRES	" The tennis pro ? "
te	PRES	" Aren 't these the missing helmets from Weaver High ? "
te	PRES	Jack sucks in his gut and flexes his flabby arm .
te	PRES	No , better yet , before you do , pour me a drink .
te	PRES	" I am sorry , " Emma softly replies as she bows .
te	PRES	Friday , Lacey 's roommate , walks into the room .
te	PAST	I punched in the code and went into the room and waited .
te	PRES	" James F. Preston .
te	PAST	She sipped her coffee , letting the warmth seep through her .
te	PAST	" No , I haven 't , " she protested sharply and then quickly looked away .
te	PAST	Some selfish instinct dominated my actions .
te	PRES	I deserve that and you know it .
te	PRES	" May I approach the bench ? "
te	PRES	" Can you overdose ? "
te	PAST	With my nerves on fire , I crept through the house and felt this malevolent intensity rolling out from Declan 's door .
te	PRES	It bubbles up through the cracks when I 'm not paying attention , and pulls at me with greedy fingers .
te	PAST	I skimmed through the papers and let out a low whistle .
te	PRES	Peter 's condition appears to be stabilising .
te	PAST	With trembling fingers , Simon loaded his weapon with a metal ball .
te	PAST	No shortening permitted , no pet family name , just Genevieve .
te	PAST	Nola spotted the king and her sister in front of the fire , and gulped .
te	PAST	This time the wood gave in the middle , breaking and pushing jagged shards outward .
te	PRES	I stroll down the hallway toward Carmen 's bedroom .
te	PRES	She sits up and mirrors my position against her headboard .
te	PRES	" Is Zack as ... bad as his reputation suggests ? "
te	PAST	Jackson rocked his h * ps in a fluid motion , working his way ever deeper inside .
te	PAST	Her hands crept up into his hair , holding him hostage .
te	PAST	I chewed my lip , knowing that I was probably smearing my lipstick .
te	PAST	A flick of her wand unlocked the door at the bottom of the steps .
te	PRES	Let 's go , gentlemen . "
te	PAST	Someone fumbled it so badly once they called me Cantaloupe .
te	PRES	" Are you certain , Nicolas ? "
te	PRES	Gage grunts it out dissatisfied because he knows I won 't .
te	PAST	He eased off the gas .
te	PAST	She drank the whole glass of her wine in a few swallows and almost fell when she stood .
te	PAST	Max chirped eagerly in my head .
te	PAST	The process of cleaning his guns always stirred up conflicting emotions .
te	PAST	A ribbon of possibility unfurled in her .
te	PRES	JJ keeps smiling at his crossword book , obviously trying not to laugh at me .
te	PAST	Fifty feet in front of him the air cracked in a purple lightning bolt pattern .
te	PAST	They greeted me with silence .
te	PAST	and that included my Daddy .
te	PRES	" Again , it depends on where it attaches , but if it 's true ABS , it could be serious . "
te	PRES	Inches from his right hand sits a remote .
te	PAST	Robert 's eyebrows knitted in mock innocence .
te	PRES	Doug stays calm as he balances the notebook on his arm and writes something down .
te	PAST	In this emigration I exceedingly lamented the loss of the fire which I had obtained through accident and knew not how to reproduce it .
te	PRES	" What scares you Mom . "
te	PAST	Her hands crept up to slip around his neck as she obviously remembered the night before and began to respond .
te	PAST	Whenever , " she nearly pleaded .
te	PRES	" Things are okay I guess , " Tammie replies before filling her mouth with salad , her least favorite food .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	What joy to feel the night around him , and the air , after so long .
te	PAST	Most of the guys jogged on the base using either the track or the playing fields .
te	PRES	It serves as a root word for so many variations .
te	PAST	The new king pursed his lips .
te	PAST	It all depended on which day you caught him .
te	PRES	He pinned me down on a pile of debris and let his cold , horrible spittle drip onto my face .
te	PRES	I tense and frown .
te	PRES	He recovers the power of speech .
te	PAST	After a short pause , Travis tapped on the door with his finger .
te	PAST	Baran sat down with his forearms on his knees , his head bowed as if he was asleep .
te	PRES	Accepting those soft , tender kisses , when she knew that -- yet again -- her shadowy past had come back to tease them .
te	PAST	They greeted everyone warmly and started explaining what would happen the first night .
te	PAST	Drained emotionally and physically , he slumped against the handcuffs and heard her murmur his name .
te	PRES	" Well , you deserve it .
te	PAST	He punched each panel harder , two or three times , and got no response .
te	PRES	He sits down on my bed and rests his arms on my knees .
te	PRES	Her cat leapt just as the muffled sound of powerful wings from above registered .
te	PRES	Erased e-mails and deleted texts .
te	PAST	It roared and sprang into the air , spinning itself in a half circle so that when it landed it was facing the opposite direction .
te	PRES	- And you , Mia , what do you associate with Easter holidays ?
te	PRES	He spends hundreds of millions of dollars every year on whatever the institute deems necessary .
te	PRES	" I 'm a special sort of handler , " he continues .
te	PRES	" None whatsoever . "
te	PRES	The train whistled and blew real smoke as it raced around to the end of its run , incidentally knocking down the next domino in the chain .
te	PRES	Rita puts up her hand to interrupt , like she was in school or something , but I keep on talking .
te	PRES	When that knife went in your Mom , it took part of me with her , " he replies .
te	PRES	She tightens her lips , lost in her own thoughts , and then meets his eyes again .
te	PRES	The tangy , marine scent of newborn life intoxicated her .
te	PAST	Maybe not that extreme , but at least a metal detector or an artifact wand .
te	PRES	" Your Royal majesty ! "
te	PAST	Hillary set aside her fork , a strawberry still speared on the end .
te	PRES	" Sounds good to me , " her mother laughs .
te	PAST	A gathering crowd enveloped us , chanting , " Fight !
te	PAST	He sipped his coffee , his eyes still on mine .
te	PAST	Each piece knit together smoothly and sealed , leaving a line of new skin under the dry blood .
te	PRES	He shakes his head quickly with his attention immersed in a box .
te	PRES	I pat his arm as he puts me down .
te	PRES	' This , I imagine , requires the hiring of more hunters ? '
te	PAST	She strolled as throngs of people moved about her neighborhood .
te	PRES	But what about Quinn ? "
te	PRES	I frown a bit , confused , but nod .
te	PAST	" Calm down , " Lukas 's voice hissed from above her .
te	PAST	With those words , and with box in hand , they departed .
te	PRES	His face swam above me , blurring with tears , but I refused to release him to wipe my eyes .
te	PAST	" Oh , Lucas ... " She reopened them , pain and joy clear in her face .
te	PRES	" Pearson Black insists he 's not the one who leaked that information to the defense .
te	PAST	I had always admired him for his steadfastness and vision , and now he was shown to have feet of clay .
te	PRES	He kneels to unbutton her jeans , and she knows that Zion is watching this .
te	PAST	The figure in the center of the nest stirred , cocking its head like it was listening for us .
te	PAST	Nefarious Good slashed and skewered the converging droves .
te	PRES	She nods , smiles and leaves .
te	PRES	A bushy gray dog walks up to him and sits .
te	PRES	A bitter smile twists my face .
te	PAST	Larry 's voice cracked .
te	PAST	Sheila remarked , picking up a French fry .
te	PAST	He skimmed a finger up her chilled arm , raising fresh goose bumps that had nothing to do with the cold now .
te	PAST	He bowed low and left the chamber .
te	PRES	" Don 't worry , Callum .
te	PAST	A literal river flowed through the floor on the left hand side .
te	PAST	As Painter prepared to answer that , a more pressing question weighed on his mind .
te	PRES	I lick my lips .
te	PAST	Acid crept in her chest , to the back of the top of her throat , and she coughed .
te	PAST	" It 's weird , that 's all I 'm saying , " she hissed in reply .
te	PRES	Those lonely evenings I spend on the road -- " Yeah .
te	PRES	The coil in my stomach warns me not to go with him , but my feet move on their own following Mach through the massive gate .
te	PAST	The window creaked and broke into pieces of glasses spattering everywhere .
te	PAST	" I doubt we could do that nak * d. " His lips twitched .
te	PAST	He signaled for Marcus to bring him a third scotch to fortify him for the conversation ahead .
te	PAST	' Lord , look at the time , ' declared Bel .
te	PAST	The man hissed as if the bracelet burned his skin .
te	PRES	She hesitates for a second before saying , " Yes , sir . "
te	PAST	They exchanged nods and were successfully communicating via radio .
te	PAST	The pedestal blocked a gunshot aimed at the girls .
te	PRES	It 's just me and Hayden left , " Dax admits shamefully .
te	PAST	" Ohhhhh , " I moan , clutching at his hair .
te	PAST	Susan voiced what each of them was thinking .
te	PRES	She only manages secret agents , not us statisticians .
te	PRES	I guarantee it . "
te	PAST	She buckled up then asked , " So , ask me ... what 's up ? "
te	PAST	Someone leaked the safe house .
te	PRES	Some of the citizens are hurt or unhurt or dead , " the nameless warrior nods .
te	PRES	They deserve to know the truth . "
te	PRES	Another glass flies and shatters .
te	PRES	Sometimes it suddenly clicks and goes fast ; other times it 's more of a slow and steady progression .
te	PAST	" Sure , " Thomas acknowledged .
te	PRES	My voice shakes , " Don 't leave . "
te	PRES	" So ... you wan na just sit for a while , or are you ready to head on over ? "
te	PRES	Tobias checks his watch , and then holds his arm out to me to show me the time .
te	PAST	" Do you want to ... " Rema trailed off .
te	PAST	That earned me an amused but slightly predatory grin from the college-aged bartender with floppy black hair and neck tattoos .
te	PRES	He claims he killed the fourth member and doesn 't want to run . "
te	PRES	My stomach twists in beautiful knots .
te	PRES	Your voice caresses my body like waves .
te	PAST	" It 's very pretty , Caroline , " Miss Foster cooed .
te	PAST	At the far end of the hall , he observed a woman descending the left branch of the grand stairway that split from a wide landing .
te	PAST	I signed on and sure enough , I saw copies of Ben Horton 's incoming and sent emails .
te	PAST	Cursing himself quietly , he knelt down on one knee , taking the girl 's face in his oversized hands .
te	PAST	I shrug and pull harder .
te	PAST	Thelma shivered once more and approached the door .
te	PRES	" Emma Adams . "
te	PRES	We conduct all of our business here , away from the archaic laws of the countries that try to stymie progressive ideas , highly profitable ideas .
te	PAST	With one finger I traced the outline of my bedroom .
te	PRES	Bang , bang , bang , bang ; Dan took Mr. David 's hand but he could not grasp what was happening .
te	PRES	But Will , ever the gentleman , extends a hand to her .
te	PAST	He apologized , took it , and made his way back down the bus , looking for a seat as he went .
te	PRES	Now it appears they are moving to engage prey for sport or pleasure .
te	PAST	Satisfied with the window , she tested the bed .
te	PAST	Nothing existed outside the flames .
te	PAST	I attacked it from one side and nothing happened .
te	PAST	Sarcasm dripped from my tongue .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes at me .
te	PRES	Inside the castle a guard walks up to the Lord of the Manor .
te	PAST	" Ryder , " I stuttered again confused .
te	PAST	Ripe for renovation , he guessed .
te	PRES	The public insists that City robots be built with a strong friendship circuit .
te	PAST	The fire travelled fast .
te	PRES	His eyes widen as he fights back his sobs .
te	PRES	His scent and heat surrounds me , and I let myself fall a little deeper into him .
te	PRES	Kamil checks the TV .
te	PRES	He kicks the cup out of the way and steps closer to me , restraining a grin as he pats me on the back .
te	PAST	Walter pursed his lips , tapped his fingers against the table and finally heaved a long sigh .
te	PRES	I pray that no one got hurt by stray bullets .
te	PAST	Cassidy stumbled , stunned , and her Collar bit pain deep into her .
te	PAST	His fingers twitched , fidgeting with his mustache .
te	PRES	I demand to see Luis ! '
te	PAST	The Arctic wind blasted down through the mountains .
te	PRES	Gavin leans forward in his chair and puts his elbows on his knees .
te	PRES	I knelt down and immediately scooped it up and left the shovel .
te	PAST	She licked her lips , brow arching .
te	PAST	Derek and I exchanged glances .
te	PAST	I sagged down on my bed .
te	PRES	Me equals jalapeno pepper .
te	PRES	" What about Peyton ? "
te	PAST	Michael swore it to himself over and over .
te	PAST	" I infiltrated the group to get as much dirt on Braydon as possible .
te	PRES	She always finds herself in need of a pause because even though it wouldn 't hurt her , yet , it will hurt everyone else around her .
te	PRES	Jasper rushes in front to shield me , but it 's too late .
te	PRES	Marae shakes her head , thrown off by my question .
te	PRES	Lisa 's eyes widen .
te	PAST	She tapped her foot against the floor dramatically .
te	PAST	Most of it depended on her .
te	PRES	I pray that the police car will follow us , but it speeds on by , siren blaring .
te	PRES	Tree tops spin through the branches above her .
te	PRES	I refuse to be aware of this . "
te	PRES	CHAPTER TWELVE There wasn 't a light where I headed .
te	PAST	We 're asking you to stop her , " she retorted .
te	PRES	He watches me for a moment before his lips start to unnaturally move .
te	PRES	Her eyes flick to mine again .
te	PRES	As soon as someone teaches you how to act like a man . "
te	PRES	Slowly , he walks closer , sits next to me , and bumps his shoulder on mine .
te	PRES	She came hard and fast , her h * ps lifting from the chair , her hands fisting in Cole 's hair .
te	PRES	Walk a little ... turn around ... okay , yeah .
te	PRES	asked Mona . " '
te	PAST	" You 're telling me that I should not report an illegal trade I witnessed because you are paranoid about some possible backlash , " Amy confirmed .
te	PAST	Air stirred around me as Aiden shot forward , grasping my shoulders .
te	PRES	He shoves his hands into his pockets .
te	PRES	For mom , Penny , Gramps ... for me .
te	PAST	" It displayed distinctive swarming behavior , that sort of swirling in the cloud that you 've seen .
te	PRES	I cling to the memories of Sandor and Maddy , reliving their last moments .
te	PAST	Kata wrinkled her nose , not nearly so confident .
te	PAST	I requested one of the security mechs accompany me back to my room .
te	PRES	" As you wish , ser . "
te	PAST	" Becka sipped again and waved at the house with her free hand .
te	PRES	Peter was the first to arrive , Catrina reluctantly at his side .
te	PAST	Every year thereafter my bonds weakened a bit more , and I could roam a bit farther and cause a little more trouble closer to town .
te	PAST	He traced it with his hands to its hooked end .
te	PAST	Ramsey barked back at Tony .
te	PAST	He savored the taste of her - hot , exotic , the promise of passion .
te	PAST	Once again , the golden glow of her healing magic enveloped them both .
te	PRES	' To avenge what cannot be defended . ' "
te	PAST	" And he chewed up the head of my steel axe . "
te	PAST	He walked down the hall toward the employee break room , his shoulders slumped .
te	PAST	" I 'd say that 's more likely than not , " he mused and turned down the radio .
te	PRES	she shouts and I jerk my head up .
te	PRES	Red and white blotches swam across my knuckles .
te	PAST	" You 're up early , " she observed as he entered .
te	PRES	Shepherd continues , " Of course , we 'll do whatever we can for Sophie , Jacques .
te	PAST	Kiara heaved a sigh of relief .
te	PAST	She hunkered down and eyed Bliss with distrust .
te	PRES	His answer surprises and disappoints me .
te	PAST	Heat flamed in her cheeks .
te	PAST	He intended to contact all five hundred volunteers , and there was no better time to reach people at home than after five and on the weekends .
te	PAST	His chest heaved as he stood with his hands braced on each side of her head .
te	PRES	The large guy strolls in right behind him , shutting the door and closing us in .
te	PAST	Sure enough , her skin tingled when her gaze found Atlas .
te	PRES	" Whoa , " Leigh muttered , " Sorry ' bout that . "
te	PAST	" Yes , man gone , " roared the second beast , and slammed his drink down .
te	PAST	Once he got there , he jogged down the corridor to the intensive care unit , heart pumping erratically , afraid he was already too late .
te	PRES	As he encompassed her in caresses and murmurs of appreciation , awe overtook her at everything that had happened tonight .
te	PAST	Then he blurted out between bites , " Mom , I 'm moving to Detroit . "
te	PRES	Dervish laughs and pushes the startled stage magician through .
te	PAST	Caroline 's fingers lightly traced the air , remaking the room in her own mind .
te	PAST	I clicked on the ' My Profile ' link at the top .
te	PAST	" We can 't leave Yung Ji behind , " Matthew resumed .
te	PAST	He chewed at his lip as he tried to assemble the pieces in his mind .
te	PAST	His teeth scraped , nipped ; his tongue caressed .
te	PAST	a man 's voice bellowed despairingly .
te	PRES	The dam sits right at the top of the park and makes electricity from the water flowing northward from those two manmade lakes .
te	PRES	He continues with long , languid strokes of his lips on my neck , and then he sucks ever so gently on my earlobe .
te	PRES	I stumble over a body .
te	PAST	" Declan Neil , " she corrected .
te	PRES	My mom clasps her hands together and glances over her shoulder at the snowflakes drifting down from the cloudy sky .
te	PAST	The scientist indicated the lab , stocked with all manner of gadgets .
te	PAST	Aria 's car roared up next , and she and Hanna jumped out and sprinted toward the bridge .
te	PRES	The rain beats faster , showing no sign of letting up .
te	PAST	Quite frankly , she respected men who took the time to become experts in the things that interested them .
te	PRES	Nameless , faceless , disposable .
te	PRES	Never so many , and never -- attacking .
te	PAST	" I have to admit , I 'm kind of nervous about this , " I confessed as we got out of the car .
te	PAST	Gravel crunched beneath my boots , echoed as isolation as I made my way to the sleepy street and walked to its end .
te	PRES	" Shelly , " the other guard says , jogging over .
te	PAST	For a few seconds , the river flowed by peacefully , and then the camera swung violently downstream .
te	PRES	Her curtain closes , and I strain my ears to listen for her movements .
te	PRES	In a low voice she said , " Come in , Stefan . "
te	PRES	She puts my hand on her stomach .
te	PRES	Knox walks over to me and takes my iPhone out of my armband .
te	PRES	Some of that battered and bruised ego that had taken one too many hits over the days I had spent on this horrid planet .
te	PRES	" Is it on the property your relative owns ? "
te	PAST	Still only thirty-five , he now owned three , the one here in Angel Butte , one in Sisters and a third in Bend .
te	PAST	" You put the charge into here , " she indicated the cables heading to each of the lasers .
te	PRES	Look , if we are going to make progress it requires a certain amount of trust .
te	PRES	I tense up at his presence .
te	PAST	Even his shadow recoiled , rolling back away from the open door .
te	PRES	" How about my most cherished 1977 Grateful Dead concert T-shirt ? "
te	PAST	My eyes bulged and the room went silent , waiting for my reaction .
te	PRES	Answers to ' Jace , ' or ' Hot Stuff . ' "
te	PAST	" You 're awful fatalistic for a dude who lived through being shot in the head , " Hagan observed .
te	PRES	The tide always flows faster in the middle . "
te	PRES	" Oh shut up , " Carson retorts .
te	PAST	He taught them to hunt and to fish .
te	PRES	The bar presses into my back as his hands wander all over my body , fingers delving into my skin .
te	PRES	Magic exists in everything ... water , air , rocks , plants , animals , people .
te	PRES	He pauses , slowly turning around to face me .
te	PAST	Johnny crunched out a riff whilst the girls and Stu clapped time .
te	PAST	The black slate , now swirling like a thick black slime , soon enveloped her entire hand , pulling that appendage further and further into the wall .
te	PRES	' There were no other survivors , I gather ? '
te	PRES	Her mind leapt to full alert .
te	PAST	" That is not true , if I go missing , my father would not stop looking for me , " declared Pedro .
te	PAST	The tempting aroma of a cooking turkey greeted us as we opened the door .
te	PRES	That tips Blanche over the edge .
te	PRES	Tammie sucks in her breath .
te	PAST	He thrust upward , taking control , plunging into her as her hips ground back into his .
te	PRES	Next to him , Holly laughs , her own cheeks pink .
te	PRES	Crow flies out of the void .
te	PAST	She banged her fists on the table , her hair flung over her eyes , and she ran out of the room .
te	PRES	What about Luis ? "
te	PAST	I gestured at the knight I 'd just converted into ambulatory bacon , and he returned to his own form .
te	PRES	She leapt down the stairs , balancing the need to be quiet with the need to move .
te	PRES	" Lady Christina -- " " Is Nicole Lassiter , " Amanda finished .
te	PRES	she shouts ; a wisp of visible breath spats from her lips like a puff of smoke .
te	PAST	He swore softly , ripping the clothes from his fettered body , leaping upon her like an attacking jungle cat .
te	PRES	" You know who I am , " Enzo replies in a clear voice .
te	PAST	She shivered once ; the temperature had dipped some and while it wasn 't chilly yet , she was only wearing his white button-down shirt .
te	PRES	Looking through the refracted waves with a soft motion of his hand , Daniel watches the fish as they swim through the deep water .
te	PAST	I obeyed , but this time , didn 't stop .
te	PRES	She shakes her curls .
te	PAST	He quickly thrust his cards to the ground and covered them with his hands .
te	PAST	Isabella drummed her fingers on the side of the door frame .
te	PAST	Will you trap them as well ? "
te	PRES	' But still cute . '
te	PAST	He guessed she was feeling sensitive , especially because she so badly wanted a child of her own .
te	PAST	He stroked reverently along her side , over her hip , savoring the warm caramel sheen of her skin .
te	PAST	Fintan memorized the map so he could figure out where Bob 's ' secret ' entrance to the city was located .
te	PAST	Aine carefully , deliberately , punched in her name and her choices .
te	PAST	He tapped his head , as if trying to knock out a noise .
te	PAST	When he hesitated , she recalled whom she was dealing with .
te	PRES	Shimmer snorted and pawed at the stony earth , sending intimidating sparks into the air .
te	PAST	She shivered when I moved to kiss her jawline , down to her neck and back to the place behind her earlobe .
te	PAST	She stroked his rippled chest and planted a kiss on one flat nipple .
te	PRES	Like now , with Amy Jones , she chooses to see me akin to her mother , thus making her feel safer .
te	PAST	" You always smell good , " Juliet purred .
te	PRES	But as he struggles through unfamiliar emotions for Vane , a political plot threatens to destroy their unlikely love .
te	PRES	My feeling about a lie depends upon the liar , the occasion , and the reason . "
te	PAST	I stroked his black hair back from his forehead , then leaned down and kissed him on the cheek .
te	PAST	Lorraine drank the contents in several noisy gulps and briefly closed her eyes , trying to take in what she 'd learned .
te	PAST	He dashed down the hallway toward us , his black loafers thumping like hooves against the dingy carpet .
te	PAST	If that didn 't warn him away , he deserved whatever he got .
te	PRES	Kampala and Lake Victoria .
te	PRES	Now this prank with live farm animals .
te	PRES	Aiden leans against the door .
te	PAST	She scooped the bar of soap from the dish and worked up a lather .
te	PAST	My heart cracked a little more with every word he shared with me .
te	PAST	Giorgio snarled as if responding to a secret conversation .
te	PRES	" Now you 're talking , " he beams .
te	PRES	Agent Young walks around the desk and says , " They 're not gon na buy it Maggie .
te	PAST	He leapt off , breathing hard .
te	PAST	Men swarmed inside , men wearing all black and armed with guns of their own .
te	PRES	She counters and my mouth hangs open .
te	PAST	In the road they idled for a moment , and she glanced at the dashboard .
te	PAST	Her shoulders slumped and she dropped her head to stare down at her hands , still balled up in her lap .
te	PAST	Brittany protested , a little too much .
te	PRES	Your daughter 's life depends on it .
te	PAST	" Father summoned me to tell you some bad news . "
te	PRES	Rusty sits in one of the four chairs and pulls Jenna onto his lap .
te	PAST	Celeste 's eyes nearly bulged out of her sockets .
te	PAST	Even the new one uncovered .
te	PRES	His breath smells like gin and his eyes are red .
te	PRES	" Rachel accepts the risks .
te	PAST	I wasted my time .
te	PRES	Her letters ... " " Are to the girls .
te	PRES	" It forces you to use your ability for those who truly need it , while brushing off the ones who are full of bullshit .
te	PAST	Chips and currency cascaded every which way as the table tottered and nearly fell over .
te	PAST	Neither of them possessed an impulsive personality .
te	PRES	Hence her never focusing her amorous charms in his direction .
te	PAST	Mo eased the Phoenix through an enormous gap in the rock face , looking like a forbidding gate .
te	PAST	Claire sipped the mocha , which was actually pretty good .
te	PAST	He fumbled with the doorknob , then pushed the storm door open and told me to go inside .
te	PAST	Jackie 's chest heaved , and then it let out a roar , and lunged at Sara .
te	PRES	" Don 't you dare call this junk , " Jack 's voice threatens .
te	PAST	Distant crashes almost like thunder alerted Stacy that time was running out .
te	PRES	* * * A LOCAL DOC , a lady with bright red hair , glowering eyes and tough hands , stitched Jasper up .
te	PAST	Noise and the press of the crowd had always frightened her , at least since she had been blasted free of the kelp five years past .
te	PAST	She owed it to him .
te	PAST	He drummed his fingers on his gambling records .
te	PAST	He almost gagged as he flicked it away .
te	PRES	It weighs a ton and you can 't take it .
te	PRES	Sebastian squeals with laughter .
te	PAST	Still , I never would have guessed I was any sort of comfort to her .
te	PAST	Stacy 's pulse drummed in the silence .
te	PRES	My father nods then opens the back door of Seth 's Camry .
te	PAST	And the shaky words whispered against Ty 's cheek just stuttered to a stop .
te	PRES	My grip on Tobias 's hand loosens .
te	PRES	" What an astute observation coming from someone who couldn 't hear the sirens blaring down the street of her latest conquest . "
te	PAST	he bellowed , putting his mouth near the hole .
te	PAST	Two of the kids jogged off to search the buildings .
te	PRES	" Just a diamond and a guy who drives a Chevy . "
te	PAST	He directed his question subtly at Tara , who shook her head and smiled .
te	PRES	" Bye Vincent . "
te	PAST	It never occurred to her that Jesus might not have had blue eyes .
te	PRES	It never stays around for long , but it definitely exists .
te	PAST	His hand grasped my fingers .
te	PAST	The pilots soon confirmed that a large freighter was heading north on a course that would take it into New York Harbor .
te	PAST	The screen displayed the reason for Sanderson 's frustration .
te	PAST	With his one hand , Heart of the People upturned the wooden cup and swished the saliva cocktail around his mouth as if rinsing with mouthwash .
te	PAST	That earned an eye roll .
te	PRES	" No meds ? "
te	PRES	And also a rubber bracelet . "
te	PRES	" We pray for your good assistance .
te	PRES	" There will always be idiots around , I insist that we must have faith in Great Colombian people .
te	PAST	The Enforcement Agency investigators concluded there had been a rupture in the estate 's gas main .
te	PRES	Dham levers up a large chunk and pitches it over the side .
te	PRES	Cricket adjusts his tie .
te	PAST	But after only two steps it dawned on me the door to the restroom had never opened .
te	PRES	And " Todd ! "
te	PAST	The wooden box splintered apart on impact , spilling weights onto the floor .
te	PRES	" May I get you anything else , madam ? "
te	PAST	Chapter 22 Dagmar fol owed the captain of the guards to the barracks .
te	PAST	He signaled the others with a jerk of his chin , and they all filed out the door .
te	PAST	That earned him a slam into the wire mesh so forceful it cut the pattern into his skin .
te	PRES	Hence , the command centre .
te	PAST	Nash included , and despite the gnawing ache and ever-present anger , he couldn 't stop his love for the man from pushing through .
te	PRES	He swallows carefully before leaning back and looking me in the eye .
te	PAST	I examined the magazines but none appealed to me .
te	PRES	Flowing with the motion Hagar 's training kicks in performing a back hand spring at the end of which he draws his sword ready to fight .
te	PAST	Shock tinged his voice .
te	PAST	It ripped up the furniture , broke a window , scratched the walls . "
te	PRES	A small smile forces its way onto my face .
te	PAST	" Can I have ... " I swore I could feel her heartbeat hammering so hard I was worried it might not be healthy for her .
te	PAST	Whatever it was , nearly half of my math class congratulated me as though the nomination was something to be proud of , rather than embarrassed about .
te	PAST	A faint smile traced his lips .
te	PAST	declared Mercier , his applause loud and clear despite the conductor 's baton in his hand .
te	PRES	Dark hair , dark brown eyes , olive complexion ... Daniel smiled at the thoughts of heads turning in Prairie , Tennessee .
te	PAST	He licked his lips like he had a foot fetish .
te	PRES	" And what of Cesare ? "
te	PRES	" No , " my dad replies .
te	PAST	Ed 's eyes glittered .
te	PRES	" And no internet ? "
te	PAST	" I want to be with you , " she blurted .
te	PRES	" Yes , but what price will I pay for it ? "
te	PRES	" Weird , me too . "
te	PAST	It reeked of desperation .
te	PRES	She twisted around to face him , her eyes chilly .
te	PAST	To her dismay , the projectile rebounded off his chest as Thad recoiled from the impact .
te	PAST	I shivered and stared straight ahead as I walked , imagining some of the experiments that could be hiding behind the closed doors .
te	PAST	For a brief second silence reigned in the busy city of Seattle .
te	PAST	Sato shielded his eyes , and at first he thought that what he saw in front of him was a trick of the light on his mind .
te	PRES	He picked up his club and charged , eyes ablaze .
te	PAST	" I would never have guessed . "
te	PAST	A dog barked somewhere to her left , set her heart pounding .
te	PAST	The Oracle refilled it with a casual wave of her hand and he again leaned close , waiting for the Magic to grow again .
te	PRES	A menu appears in mid-air .
te	PAST	" That 's better , " Mandy encouraged them .
te	PRES	" With Mr. Peterson . "
te	PRES	he asked , his voice still casual .
te	PRES	Verity immediately backs down .
te	PRES	No one expects you to perform when you feel this crummy . "
te	PAST	With the numbness pulsing through my veins and the rage of a lifetime of loss fueling me , I lashed out .
te	PRES	It sucks the life from them , draining them of their talent , their hopes , and their dreams .
te	PAST	The Assembly Hall echoed with sudden screaming and shouts .
te	PAST	" Oriole , don 't you be so smug .
te	PRES	" All kidding aside , Storm .
te	PRES	Cordelia nods , then their faces disappear momentarily .
te	PAST	I realised that fate had already started a new chapter already , in this island corner of spacetime .
te	PAST	Not concentrating where I went , I bumped into someone hard and fell down .
te	PRES	" That puts a lot on my shoulders , doesn 't it ? "
te	PAST	He only thrust harder .
te	PRES	The memory of a woman 's smell dies hardest of all .
te	PAST	Wilson 's brow wrinkled .
te	PAST	Then the President gestured for the bodyguard to order .
te	PRES	" A fine appetizer , but much more awaits us this blessed night . "
te	PRES	A collective " Oooh ! "
te	PRES	Its doors which were drawn up on tracks at the sides of the fuselage .
te	PAST	Alec 's dark head swiveled toward her .
te	PRES	In the middle of the parade ground sits the Lynx .
te	PRES	" Alright , " he said to Bertie , " alright , I agree with your terms , no cages , freedom of the forest . "
te	PRES	" If you want to stay with your friend , I wont stop you .
te	PAST	Her sheath clenched , melted , dripped wild honey , calling to him .
te	PRES	But I pray you , allow me first to speak with the King of Rohan , my neighbour , and once my friend .
te	PRES	Because I want to do just that , scornful laughter erupts from my throat .
te	PAST	" Wake me when the moon is at its zenith , " he directed .
te	PAST	" But there 's no other option ; you carry my heirs , " he argued .
te	PRES	I tease as I twist my hair onto the back of my head and secure it with a clip .
te	PRES	His touch spreads a longing through my body .
te	PRES	He leans away from the intercom and brushes down the fabric of his tan suit with his damp hands .
te	PRES	Her eyes stray , and she looks at my hand .
te	PRES	He pauses , simply standing there and observing my face for a moment .
te	PRES	Rufus shakes his head in disgust .
te	PAST	Hugo recoiled , rubbing his eyes and coughing uncontrollably .
te	PAST	As we rode the car down to the first floor , it dawned on me that Max , like Bur , had a crush on Larry .
te	PAST	The radio on the table squawked as some person on the other end shouted for a response .
te	PAST	It blazed across the sky like a glittering emerald and streaked toward him .
te	PRES	" On what , darling ? "
te	PRES	At the door with briefcase in hand , she said simply , " Make sure you load the washer . "
te	PAST	I guessed that she was trying to be helpful , but it was a little much .
te	PAST	Ronan 's skin knit beneath her fingers , tightening and drying , slowly becoming whole again .
te	PRES	Rug rats , dying cougars , elephants . "
te	PAST	Everyone 's plugged in all the time , to something .
te	PAST	The dress clung to my bust and had a cinched empire waist before it billowed in soft waves to end before my knees .
te	PAST	Suddenly dizzy , he swooned and fell to his knees .
te	PRES	Dallas leans her elbows on the table .
te	PRES	And , " walking to her husband , she puts her arms around his neck , " it keeps you here , Jacque . "
te	PAST	Apparently , Huff overheard her .
te	PRES	He laughs into the words .
te	PRES	" Lucas Ross . "
te	PAST	I 've apologized . "
te	PRES	Clear sunlight trickles down between buildings .
te	PAST	Nicolas exploded , his patience and good intentions suddenly ripped to shreds .
te	PRES	' Everyone pretends to be something they 're not .
te	PRES	He teaches me a few more self-defense techniques and then we 're ready to put my newfound knowledge to the test .
te	PAST	Who would have even guessed that the next world war would again be fought over religion and yet it most likely will be ?
te	PAST	Beijing Capital International Airport 's Terminal 3 echoed with the cacophony common to huge air terminals .
te	PAST	Indignation stirred in her chest .
te	PRES	Darien kisses me again , this time seriously , and I don 't care .
te	PRES	In amazingly short time she mastered her control of the steering wheel .
te	PAST	I swore daily to the god of hell as mere invective , but there were some guards at Mercy who swore to Hell in earnest .
te	PAST	Olivia clearly notices my confusion and whispers in my ear .
te	PAST	The engine roared to life , growling like a panther .
te	PAST	I guessed it would come as a shock .
te	PAST	The metal heap shivered .
te	PAST	The image of Matteo kissing Cassie plagued my every thought .
te	PAST	He packed up his family and went south .
te	PAST	Gretchen drank coffee and ate what remained of last night 's Chinese meal , wistfully remembering the enormous all-American breakfasts of her past .
te	PRES	Even as the logical part of my mind rejects what he is saying , some inner wisdom nods with satisfaction at this confirmation .
te	PRES	" How tiresome . " "
te	PAST	He strode back to the door and let himself in just in time to see Duncan grinning and preening in front of the crowd .
te	PRES	" And the ranch ? "
te	PAST	Charlotte 's lower lip quivered , her fingers picking restlessly at her skirts .
te	PRES	My parents ' wedding photos .
te	PRES	' This sock creature ... does it just steal them , or does it eat them ? '
te	PRES	And Julio follows her once more , but as last year , the events that follow are not as simple .
te	PAST	Seven stalls lined the walls as well as seven showerheads with poor plastic coverage .
te	PAST	He heaved a sigh and surfed more channels .
te	PAST	He sipped at the cup of water Brandt brought him .
te	PAST	He leapt down from his horse and led it across the square .
te	PAST	Derek dashed all the way to the opposite end zone .
te	PRES	My office manager always warns people about it before they make an appointment -- that if they accept coffee it creates a legally binding contractual agreement . "
te	PAST	Tobias and I strolled the hallway of the mansion .
te	PRES	He pat my shoulder and then he walked over to his desk and looked back at me .
te	PAST	He grips my elbow to steady my path and I glance back at him .
te	PAST	We filed out of his office , stepping onto the conveyer .
te	PAST	She pouted for a moment , looking at her glass , but then trotted off to a deck chair .
te	PRES	His head hangs back as he looks up at the ceiling when he comes .
te	PAST	The look in his eyes as his expression crumbled .
te	PAST	The jaw spanned fifteen inches .
te	PRES	Sheer cliffs emerge from the ocean .
te	PRES	After the fish was cooked , he peeled away the layers of leaf and dried clay , and he had a delicious baked fish .
te	PRES	He sits in front of me now , unable to respond , unable to see me , probably , with his eyes all glued up .
te	PAST	He snarled , a frustrated sound .
te	PRES	I knelt next to the fireplace .
te	PAST	The breath hissed out of him as he reared back and plunged deep .
te	PRES	" Sure , go on in , " she replies , waving me in .
te	PRES	" Alright , " he agrees .
te	PRES	This puts us right in the frame .
te	PAST	Timothy huffed and left at a flash , slamming the door so hard it nearly swung off its hinges .
te	PAST	" Please sit , Mr. Deckard . "
te	PAST	" I 'm a very competent surgeon , " she argued .
te	PAST	Eventually , I crept upstairs with Tegan , and nobody seemed to notice .
te	PAST	The door creaked open , and he pulled me into his arms .
te	PAST	I cracked a smile .
te	PRES	His head still swam within the fog of sleep , but it started to disperse as he shuffled around his office , working out the cramped muscles .
te	PRES	Whereas you told me outlines .
te	PAST	" For crying out loud , " she said , incensed .
te	PAST	" Talk to me , " Lance pleaded .
te	PRES	Before long , Nora raises her head .
te	PRES	" How romantic . "
te	PRES	My footsteps bounce off every wall as the metal of the walkway creaks and groans beneath my weight .
te	PRES	" Yeah , " Kiersten laughs .
te	PAST	Beside me , Taylor snarled in frustration .
te	PAST	Francesco summoned Carl to his study .
te	PAST	Horrendous shrieked , busy coaxing the bottles away from Henry , one by one .
te	PRES	Standards dictate that we must leave some suspense so she is it .
te	PAST	Most of all , his face lacked the command his clothes required .
te	PRES	Dad backs into the shadows .
te	PAST	She sipped the coffee and looked at the television .
te	PAST	Something still nagged at her , though - the one fear above all others : What if he does love me ?
te	PAST	With a sharp gesture he signaled for everyone to prepare themselves to rush in .
te	PAST	" Escape is important , " Mira corrected .
te	PRES	" Butter is doing drills , " I inform him .
te	PAST	" But you don 't have to do this now , " Toby protested .
te	PRES	He keeps them from colliding with the Earth .
te	PAST	" Yeah , well , I wasn 't there to meet anyone , if that 's what you mean , " I remarked .
te	PRES	My dad owns a marketing firm , so it 's all about appearance .
te	PAST	Relief speared her , and she leaped to her feet .
te	PRES	" So unfair . "
te	PRES	" Where ya going , Steve ? "
te	PAST	" It 's been a while , " she panted , wrapping her arms around his neck to hold on tight .
te	PAST	When we arrived , the hostess greeted Monte by name .
te	PAST	Blood tinged his mouth , and I watched his nostrils flare repeatedly as he attempted to get his anger under control .
te	PAST	The boom box clicked off .
te	PRES	" Call him next time , " she suggests .
te	PAST	he roared at last .
te	PAST	Erasmus sprang forward , and Hobbes on his other side , to pull her free .
te	PAST	Reaching over , he skimmed his hand up my leg , swerving to miss a nasty bruise .
te	PAST	She guessed it was Joe 's bedroom .
te	PAST	Liquids flowed beneath its surface .
te	PAST	At last I unfastened the final button , shrugged out of the dress and dropped it onto the beach beside Peter 's clothes .
te	PAST	The project leader frightened him .
te	PAST	Sali hissed into his cell phone .
te	PAST	We exchanged short greetings and then I helped him into the car in silence .
te	PRES	The center prong skips off the spine .
te	PAST	' I love you , Frances , ' Michael declared , almost in a whisper .
te	PRES	Then he tilts back , surveying me .
te	PRES	She nods and jerks a thumb toward the door .
te	PRES	Vr ' tish nods and says .
te	PAST	Charlotte signaled back with one finger , indicating she 'd be another minute or so .
te	PRES	" And what if we did defeat her ... " Serenity finally continued .
te	PRES	Things build up ; people have long memories .
te	PAST	" Because he split his soul into seven pieces and hid them all over Justice City , " Toby retorted .
te	PAST	A meaningful jerk of Zack 's head ensured that a soldier decided he needed a sauna rather than a spa right now .
te	PAST	He tapped the face of the directional indicator and sighed .
te	PAST	She scooped her sweatshirt from the floor and yanked it over her head .
te	PAST	I intended to make sure that the situation in Universe Zero was safe before exposing you to the trip . "
te	PRES	" Isn 't it , darling ? "
te	PRES	Folded pieces of paper , spells he had written .
te	PRES	" Ah , but now the cycle of hurt and abuse continues .
te	PRES	He brushes his lips across mine , an apology for so many things that have gone wrong .
te	PAST	Her daughter wasn 't far off the mark there , Anne Marie mused .
te	PAST	When the show started , we spotted for the other boys while they took their turns .
te	PAST	" I drank your blood .
te	PAST	" You 're a perv , " she snarled .
te	PRES	" What about the mail ? "
te	PAST	" The same applied to keeping that letter from being delivered , " I contradicted her .
te	PRES	Friend , ally , companion , comrade . "
te	PAST	Worry still plagued me , but at least I wasn 't wrapped up in Ax .
te	PRES	He pants then gasps looking at the king .
te	PRES	Medusa leapt from her bed in search of the silvery moon beam which had guided her at the last full moon .
te	PAST	I stride straight to them and lock the door behind me .
te	PAST	Celaena examined the gloved hand holding her arm .
te	PRES	The noise dies down after a few minutes , and the bats return to their perches .
te	PRES	He grabs his bags and shoes and takes them down the hallway to the spare bedroom .
te	PRES	Everyone who ever tried to keep me from doing what I want , or to punish me afterwards : Ivan .
te	PRES	Then he puts his hand out for the nurse to lead him into the testing station .
te	PRES	" I adore that game ! "
te	PRES	" Everything , " she cries , her shoulders heaving with each breath as she grips me .
te	PAST	He deserved a respite .
te	PRES	And certainly not Carrie .
te	PRES	" Is William alright ? "
te	PAST	Feeling angry and abused , she slashed at Trevor with her crop to wake him up and ordered him to drive her home .
te	PRES	Your wish is my command , Adel replies .
te	PRES	" Bradley Hutchins . "
te	PAST	Lark grips it to her chest as if she is about to refuse .
te	PRES	" Liza , when are you going to give me an answer ?
te	PAST	He tapped the butt of the whip handle against the side of the cart , nodded at the piled cargo .
te	PRES	" But not polished .
te	PAST	I rammed the blade through its owner 's chest and it disintegrated before me .
te	PRES	Until you started insulting your sister .
te	PRES	Paul grumbles playfully and wraps Friday up in his beefy arms .
te	PRES	He walks with me , keeping close to my side as we maneuver through the crowd coming at us .
te	PRES	" One piece keeps skimming , tumbling toward Ellesmere Island ... " He brought it right up to her toe .
te	PRES	She gripped his shoulders , her fingers digging into his flesh .
te	PRES	" It 's hollow , " Emma replies as she points out a chip in the brick .
te	PAST	You wrinkled my clothes . "
te	PAST	She refilled their cups without looking .
te	PAST	" They were all Felines at that bar , you said , " Liam mused .
te	PAST	May I remind you that you are under oath ? "
te	PAST	It dawned on me suddenly why he 'd insisted on coming to my place .
te	PRES	" Other than knives ? "
te	PAST	" A man attacked me in the bar .
te	PRES	I bounce around him a little and then , BAM !
te	PAST	I aimed the scope into her living room , where her mother was crying .
te	PAST	" Hi , " Michelle greeted , after hesitating .
te	PAST	He stooped to wash the blood off Amelia 's cheek .
te	PRES	She pictured Bren 's lifeless body in her arms , sticky blood covering her hands and dress .
te	PAST	Glenda Monaghan 's silence thickened until it weighed down on her .
te	PAST	They drank and giggled while Sara went about her morning duties .
te	PRES	26 " THIS IS NOT A GOOD idea , Mistress . "
te	PAST	Only minutes ago of lying on the ground and half in death , he now unbuckled his belt .
te	PAST	Eli punched in the floor number and then they were whizzing upward .
te	PRES	He kisses my cheek and says afterwards , " I told you about this , remember ? "
te	PRES	A motherly peck , at best . "
te	PRES	He shakes his head and attempts to brush off my comment .
te	PRES	" I demand to speak with your master at once ! "
te	PRES	He laughs , his brown hair flopping in the wind .
te	PAST	Amusement gleamed in his eyes .
te	PRES	He pauses , propping up on his elbow as he pivots to his side .
te	PRES	He declares drawing power to his hands and making them glow .
te	PRES	Jon sits up , glad that he hadn 't taken the time to get undressed before crashing the night before .
te	PAST	One guy owed him $ 450 for nearly a year and consistently skirted Bosco 's efforts to collect .
te	PRES	Scarcely breathing , Link awaits her promised end with dread , but not fear .
te	PAST	the teacher wrinkled her nose .
te	PRES	Mai insists with attitude , not having a moment to congratulate her partner .
te	PAST	She recalled he 'd been unconscious then .
te	PRES	" You claim you 're trying to protect Mason , but I wonder if it isn 't just selfishness fueling your choices .
te	PAST	She huffed out through her nostrils , narrowed her eyes .
te	PRES	A scornful laugh forces its way out of me .
te	PAST	To see that the Tree was kept clean , watered and trimmed .
te	PAST	When I was quivering , he assisted me to rise .
te	PRES	Tears tinged her voice , " can you forgive me ? "
te	PAST	" Yes , " he confirmed .
te	PAST	Ryan recounted his recovery , and Claire halfheartedly complained about being his nursemaid .
te	PAST	Tongues of flame licked across his back , but died out as the shirt turned to ash .
te	PAST	Said we had to look nice . "
te	PRES	She smiled and said , " Both them bad girls are nice , " a Detroit Pistons Championship Season Highlight video bootlegged quote .
te	PAST	Jack signaled that the coast was clear .
te	PAST	' Were you frightened and lonely at the time ? '
te	PAST	He hovered over me , studying me with worried eyes as I prepared to leave .
te	PRES	Then he backs to the stereo in the corner and turns up the music so loudly that I can barely hear anything but the beat and lyrics .
te	PRES	" And be sitting ducks .
te	PAST	So many factors contributed to this fateful night . '
te	PRES	" He hopes to be a chiropractor like Dad . "
te	PAST	" Not a complete bust , " she argued .
te	PAST	" We can handle them , " she pleaded .
te	PRES	" Is Todd all right ? "
te	PRES	She whimpers and lets me , and then I move to the other breast .
te	PRES	I obey , feeling my breasts squish against the plain blue comforter .
te	PRES	Hands sweating through his fingerless gloves .
te	PAST	The building directory listed the law offices of a former governor , two former mayors and a US senator .
te	PRES	Henry keeps him short of money and picks his household himself because he fears what his son will do once he breaks free ! "
te	PRES	He follows his comment up with a grin and makes for his cramped office .
te	PRES	Then a thought springs into my mind : Can Olaf read my feelings ?
te	PRES	" I , er ... " Ponder felt the eyes of the wizards on him .
te	PRES	My feet itch . "
te	PRES	" Although he may be lurking here somewhere . "
te	PRES	The Mortal Sword hurts . "
te	PRES	Rachel clasps her hands behind her back like she doesn 't know what else to do with them .
te	PAST	Her body flopped around the corridor .
te	PAST	In the end her reflexes won and she took out her opponents .
te	PRES	She shakes her head because she already knows the answer .
te	PAST	Then they strolled to the manager 's office .
te	PRES	" Mr. Ryder ! "
te	PAST	" Of course you did , " Winston protested .
te	PAST	A whole big project depended on his approval .
te	PAST	The car propelled forward , the rain smacking the windshield forcefully .
te	PRES	His mouth grows tighter when our eyes meet , and he is most definitely staring at me , until he isn 't .
te	PRES	" I apologize , Nina .
te	PAST	The smell of cigar smoke wafted in the air , and reached her nose .
te	PRES	Whatever happens to you in the cloud realm becomes real in your physical life . "
te	PAST	They spotted me , so I did the only sane thing I could think of .
te	PRES	Well I wont ever again , unless something big happens or he makes me really mad ... * * * " Matthew ?
te	PRES	Confused , she spends a second night there .
te	PAST	The air stirred around him , swirling in response to the surge of his power .
te	PAST	You and Emily adopted me right away , though .
te	PRES	She sits looking silently out over the icy winter scene that surrounds her .
te	PRES	Pete raises his brow at me , but his eyes are twinkling so brightly that I can tell he 's amused .
te	PRES	Is he ... headless ?
te	PAST	Sable flopped into her chair .
te	PRES	" Your Honor , we strongly object .
te	PRES	He nods and I breathe again .
te	PAST	She glimpsed silver sparks among the mass of soldiers : mages , turned for a moment so that their silver light was visible even at this distance .
te	PRES	" My father pretends to be an idealist and must do foolish things at times to support the pretense .
te	PRES	She rubs her hand back and forth over his shaved head and feels the bristly hair coming in .
te	PRES	Steve mumbled something unintelligible as a means of reply .
te	PAST	" Order me two fully assembled mountain bikes .
te	PRES	The bridge collapses , the One Beneath can 't get here , Elizabeth 's defeated , and it 's the best Thanksgiving ever .
te	PAST	Michael further investigated the other rooms on the second level .
te	PAST	He drummed his fingers on his leg .
te	PRES	" Fair enough , " Martin agrees and hands Max the ball .
te	PRES	The Closing Dark ... I don " t know about that one , but there " s an Opening Dark , too .
te	PAST	The sailor hovered nervously beside the throne , awaiting his instructions from the Necromancer .
te	PAST	He soon departed the system , leaving the Knights to impose his will .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PRES	Nothing that would trigger any alarm bells .
te	PRES	A small drop of sweat trickles from the hairline at her neck down her back .
te	PAST	" Son of a bitch , " he barked , swinging it onto an oncoming biter and folding the bony monster to the ground like an accordion .
te	PRES	I pour some water grateful he removed the tray and sip slowly .
te	PAST	A line of squad cars and emergency vehicles formed a long train out to the road .
te	PRES	It sucks to lose a parent , doesn 't it ? "
te	PAST	Dozens of soldiers bailed out and got into position , targeting the XV and preparing for a final shootout .
te	PRES	" Then you know if you ever pass your knowledge along I 'll make sure you regret it .
te	PAST	They exchanged an eerie silence .
te	PRES	† † † September 23 , 1621 Finally Alfonso managed to get me to Cisco .
te	PRES	" Guess ... " He guesses right , because he takes me by the elbows and pul s my body up so our noses touch .
te	PRES	" Really high standards , " Ryan continues , " so , we 'll need enforcers who can patrol all around the island .
te	PAST	Dax rubs his hands together and continues .
te	PAST	She clicked the remote , the camera scanning the view until she found Conrad standing with Dr. Boothe .
te	PAST	But when you look at the whole picture ... " He trailed off .
te	PAST	I spotted Saira crouching down on the floor near the helm .
te	PAST	A fat , bald man he knew only as Larry grasped onto him in a crushing embrace before being pushed away by the oncoming masses .
te	PRES	Especial y since this was not how things were done in the north .
te	PAST	Lucien leveled his eyes at her .
te	PRES	She shakes her head , smiling now .
te	PRES	" It must be back in the first room , " he admits , not looking forward to taking the plunge through the narrow again .
te	PAST	She bowed her head in defeat , as if even that comment was meant to disarm her .
te	PRES	He shakes his head and pushes his bowl away from him .
te	PAST	From my dad I also inherited a love for reading .
te	PAST	That pissed Jason off and humbled him at the same time .
te	PAST	Disgust dripped from his father 's voice .
te	PAST	She obeyed immediately , knowing he liked control , liked watching her lose her sanity before he gave in to his own satisfaction .
te	PRES	" Because I have no idea who drives those things .
te	PRES	Kate 's dark eyes cloud over with concern .
te	PAST	The emperor shielded his eyes with his sleeve .
te	PRES	" Yes ... Prince .
te	PRES	Shedding the muddle of sheets and blanket , I lurch out of bed and look outside .
te	PAST	She clambered over the edge and dropped down into his arms .
te	PRES	He teases and taunts it as well .
te	PAST	Grams just taught me the recipe this morning . "
te	PAST	Warmth eased through me , unwrapping the knot which had settled into my back .
te	PAST	Throwing back his head , he howled his rage .
te	PRES	She keeps in touch ; I also hear how she 's doing from Vera , her grandmother .
te	PAST	And I know I didn 't say handsome , " she hissed in return .
te	PAST	In the Face of Darkness Sarah Dell Copyright © 2013 Sarah Dell All rights reserved .
te	PAST	We chatted about his work on the way .
te	PRES	" Because I can be discreet ? "
te	PAST	When they were in the third grade , Michael signed them up for little league soccer .
te	PRES	" This way , my dear , " viewing a reserved table with my name .
te	PAST	His fingers softly trailed down her cheek .
te	PAST	Reece buckled into a comfortable leather seat that faced a table .
te	PRES	It sort of depends on the weather .
te	PRES	He nods and then turns suddenly to hug me .
te	PRES	I pray that God will take my spirit .
te	PRES	" Really , Gary .
te	PAST	Her foot weighed as heavy as lead as she transferred it from the brake to the gas pedal .
te	PRES	Did you poison him ? "
te	PAST	Claude Friedrich 's face darkened .
te	PAST	" Then how come she never taught Isabelle ? "
te	PAST	She gestured at the pistol he 'd just put down , and the ballistic tank of water he 'd fired into .
te	PRES	" San Francisco Memorial Hospital ... " " Dr. Steven Patterson . "
te	PRES	From the open bay of the garage , Isaiah watches us with his hands shoved in his pockets .
te	PRES	Then , slowly , she closes her mouth and looks back out to sea , revealing nothing .
te	PRES	Then he excused himself to go over some plays with his team .
te	PAST	Her arms flopped to her side , her anger fading into defeat .
te	PAST	" They funded the digs . "
te	PAST	She swiveled back to him .
te	PAST	He greeted Rock with a toothy smile .
te	PAST	Silence echoed through the room as I reached for the towel I 'd slung over the side .
te	PAST	Gorman sized her up at the hospital .
te	PRES	I associate with riff-raff like you . "
te	PRES	The one Sebastian controls . "
te	PAST	Party noise droning behind him like the buzz of aircraft engines , Kyle rocked back on his heels , his polished uniform shoes squeaking .
te	PRES	Krauss nods and the pair clamber into the back of a waiting wagon and start the slow ride out of the city .
te	PAST	she barked , " Get the hell out of here , and don 't come back . "
te	PAST	" Obviously someone wadded up her body and stuffed it in there . "
te	PAST	I cracked open the can and took a sip .
te	PAST	He skimmed her off his shoulder , still holding her tight , and burst through the front door , nearly ripping the wood from its hinges .
te	PAST	There 's still a job to do , " Captain Mack barked .
te	PAST	He bellowed with fury as the force of his pyro rolled over him and around him .
te	PAST	He sprang up and over the bench seat , looked at me , and planted a huge kiss on my lips .
te	PAST	The one who always stepped out of the shadows of the forest right after the Death Walker captured me .
te	PRES	" Ella , I think it 's the guy from your drawing , that Micha guy you insist you never dated . "
te	PRES	She squeals and drops off Dove .
te	PAST	The thought only occurred halfway , ' I still have time ... ' I slipped .
te	PAST	No , she amended silently , that wasn 't true .
te	PAST	he barked right in her face .
te	PAST	" One big happy family , " she echoed , but with just enough irony to earn a sharp glance from James .
te	PRES	They drool at the chance to implement her scheme of comprehensive state economic regulation in all its bureaucratic splendor and detail .
te	PAST	A hulk of a man strode in , followed , incongruously , by two small boys .
te	PAST	They adored their uncle Ry .
te	PRES	" I admire your honesty , commander , but it doesn 't matter .
te	PRES	Camilla sobs even louder , her cries shuddering out of her pathetically .
te	PRES	I smirk with my bible comment .
te	PRES	But walking on it hurts .
te	PRES	He repressed the simmering urge to slap her down .
te	PAST	Mage barked , her sudden acidity breaking my concentration .
te	PRES	Not when she was holding such a tender object .
te	PAST	I blurted out the words .
te	PRES	Alex sits up and pulls the covers over both our bodies .
te	PAST	Attis snarled , his dark eyes smoldering for a moment with quite literal fire .
te	PRES	Jackson arched an eyebrow , his eyes sparkling with anticipation .
te	PRES	Pushing herself up onto her knees she spots Liam in a heap , head ducked under paws .
te	PAST	The accommodations consisted of a bed with a straw stuffed mattress and ... that was all .
te	PRES	He laughs and lifts my hand to his lips .
te	PAST	You arrogant son-of-a-bitch , get out of here ! "
te	PAST	he protested , when I turned the volume down .
te	PAST	They spotted him , too , and waved him over to their table where he listened to the music until it was his turn .
te	PAST	That included last night .
te	PAST	Though he tried to hide it , Aria detected disbelief in the man 's voice .
te	PRES	" Because sometimes you just can 't , honey . "
te	PAST	" Yes , lord . "
te	PRES	" His fever ? "
te	PRES	He shakes his hand and I catch Paul 's wife beaming as Amanda steams .
te	PAST	The man choked , his eyes rolled up into his head and he fell to the dock .
te	PRES	" What bum ? "
te	PAST	Lainie and I exchanged glances , the first sign I had seen of unease from her .
te	PRES	I adore our cousin , but Keita is reckless and plays where she should not . "
te	PAST	I guessed , " Do you play football ? "
te	PRES	He grabs my shoulders , his fingers digging into my skin .
te	PRES	" My family owns a condo in Westport . "
te	PAST	This time we succeeded in making love slowly and it was infinitely poignant and soul stirring as we worshipped each other 's bodies .
te	PAST	She ventured another step closer to him .
te	PAST	Cassandra Landry strolled into the court like she owned the place .
te	PRES	As it is , only determination drives her , and that is not enough to achieve the heights she might be capable of . "
te	PRES	Garrett suddenly leans across the table , eyeing my pretzel .
te	PAST	She shivered at his warm breath on her earlobe , before taking a deep breath and pushing back her shoulders .
te	PAST	None of the family photos included Phil , and there were times when she tried to conjure his face and couldn 't .
te	PAST	It sealed my decision .
te	PAST	What if her heart never recovered , and she could never satisfy him physically ?
te	PRES	Max watches Tammie 's demeanor shift and glances behind him .
te	PRES	That requires bunk space .
te	PAST	They swore by its healing properties .
te	PAST	I yelped in surprise at the sound of Sofie 's voice , and bolted upright .
te	PRES	It shows up in these marshy areas all the time . "
te	PRES	A perfect couple , I giggle .
te	PRES	She nods but is close to tears so I simply say , " Maybe you won 't have to resort to this .
te	PAST	He dashed up to the reception desk and almost reached out and throttled the nurse when she calmly told him to take a number and sit down .
te	PAST	" Everyone remain here , " he directed giving quick glares at Ashley , Derek , and Madame Suzette before he continued .
te	PRES	Not jobs or miles or creepy bastards .
te	PRES	You have two more shells , " Tommy guided Lex .
te	PRES	Rachel puts up her cut finger and says , " Apart from this , what else could we do to ourselves ? "
te	PAST	Then , the wall of water drowned the running belles , who couldn 't reach a transport in time .
te	PAST	The plume doubled and redoubled again , and the rising column of steam began to approach their position on the wall .
te	PRES	My expression falters at the soft colors created with delicacy , as if each stroke of the brush meant something .
te	PAST	I had already guessed that , so his words didn 't scare me very much .
te	PRES	After I tell him what happened , he sits quietly for the longest time , swiveling in my computer chair .
te	PRES	He replies even prouder still .
te	PAST	" I taught you better than that , don 't you think ? "
te	PAST	He extinguished his torch .
te	PAST	Thank heaven she 'd left her car unlocked .
te	PRES	I admire your determination .
te	PRES	Her anguish mounts as she races to the sea , knowing that she must save him and in doing so , forever loses him !
te	PAST	" The oracle has spoken , " his father declared .
te	PRES	I memorized them all , before she was taken away .
te	PRES	32 " Oh , no , no .
te	PAST	The inconsistencies in her penmanship indicated many stops and starts during the composition , as if she 'd had a difficult time determining what to write .
te	PRES	Nick Gautier hangs at Temptations Then again , knowing Nick , I have a feeling it 's probably not a good place for you , either . "
te	PAST	A heavy arm pinned me down across the chest .
te	PAST	The Keeper hurriedly complied .
te	PRES	She all but shouts on the verge of tears .
te	PAST	" I wonder if she 's in any danger of going soon , " McKie mused aloud .
te	PAST	They taught us much . "
te	PAST	" This is the strangest conversation I 've ever had with a woman , " Derek remarked .
te	PRES	It trickles down the crease between my butt cheeks .
te	PAST	' Not broken , just a little dented around the edges .
te	PAST	" I , uh , " Toby stuttered trying to think of an explanation .
te	PRES	But , the urge hits me out of nowhere sometimes .
te	PAST	Once they 'd roared out of the parking lot , Rachel knelt in front of the puppy , extending her hand for the cowering pup to sniff .
te	PAST	Loneliness crept in along with the amber glow of the lamps .
te	PRES	" Firing gate pulse , " Wraith replies , his calm voice reverberating through the entire observation deck .
te	PAST	" But the men can do all that , " Elizabeth protested mildly .
te	PRES	He scoops a pail of water from the deepest part of the stream .
te	PRES	No meds equals creativity .
te	PAST	" Stop leering , although I can tell you 're very experienced at it , " she retorted .
te	PRES	" The connection Jim and I had ?
te	PRES	" I advise you to shut up , Quinn . "
te	PAST	The heady smell of sex and lust stirred the air as I grabbed my pass and headed in , and my pulse quickened .
te	PRES	God , it hurts . "
te	PAST	A thud as the gate sealed .
te	PAST	" I feel so sorry about the little bugs , " she soothed .
te	PAST	Mary Jo stirred her latte .
te	PRES	Jack pauses for several seconds .
te	PAST	" Because you won ! "
te	PRES	But then Gavin decides to join us .
te	PRES	A smart man hits his hardest at the end of a battle , when his opponent is weakest .
te	PAST	" I dropped the Frenchman , " Sam confirmed , laughing .
te	PAST	pleaded Dead Meat , holding up his hands in defense .
te	PAST	A small smile hovered on his lips .
te	PAST	Though not exactly the order he expected from his senior officer , Pete complied , and together they poked their heads up from the tower wall .
te	PRES	I promised Chris , " I pant .
te	PRES	' How tedious . '
te	PAST	He tapped his buzzing hearing aid .
te	PAST	" Sibyl , " he greeted .
te	PRES	But when evil finds transmission through a weakened soul such as Nebuchadnezzar ; man fights man and peace is lost to the wind .
te	PRES	The orphans leapt up and raced for the stairwell .
te	PAST	Before I could react to that , The Scribe bellowed , " Aha !
te	PRES	Everyone in the restaurant gasps , as they watch his unsuccessful attempts .
te	PAST	he choked out , trying to pull away .
te	PAST	A short arm lashed out , lightning fast , cleaving a sapling in half .
te	PAST	As Clay drove , Rodney sipped cold coffee from a tall paper cup .
te	PAST	But as soon as I grabbed it , Jagger 's boot pinned it to the earth .
te	PAST	" Important enough to sell me out , " she mused aloud .
te	PAST	' That was uncalled for , ' Cora barked as they entered Adri 's quarters .
te	PRES	One set of tire tracks .
te	PRES	They encourage the creation of minorities so as to play them off against each other and fragment society .
te	PRES	CHAPTER 22 " In the hands of a knitter , yarn becomes the medium that binds the heart and soul . "
te	PRES	" The Clave ? "
te	PRES	" Now listen to me , " scolded Jack .
te	PRES	Even while he was unconscious , Harald 's face contorted in agony .
te	PRES	Tristan interrupts my thoughts as he inches closer to me so that the side of his leg is pressed up against mine .
te	PAST	Michael indicated for her to sit .
te	PAST	She strode purposefully to the doors , which opened in front of her , and passed through them to the open air .
te	PAST	" Damn , " I swore .
te	PAST	He grasped her hand and kissed it .
te	PRES	He keeps going and going and -- " Marty snorted . "
te	PRES	Connor 's heart leapt as he felt Maria 's warm lips on his skin .
te	PRES	For both our sakes . "
te	PRES	" He never sleeps here ? "
te	PAST	Were there others like her out there ?
te	PRES	This , " he says , tugging on the lapel of his tux , " serves a purpose .
te	PRES	" Fire Dragons are not allowed in here , " a female dragon scolded from the depths .
te	PAST	Then , she scraped the inside of his wrist and forearm with her fingernails , raising chills the length of his body .
te	PRES	Hearts separate with no faces .
te	PAST	Chris 's hands fisted , a muscle twitched in his cheek as he clenched his jaw tight .
te	PAST	" You banged him up that bad without a reason ? "
te	PRES	" What prophecy ? "
te	PRES	He nods in affirmative as he keeps writing in his notepad .
te	PRES	Shouts and low cries .
te	PAST	" I haven 't made up my mind , " Otto pleaded .
te	PRES	Danny gasps in his most scandalized voice .
te	PRES	" Does your job description include harassment ? "
te	PAST	She gestured toward a group of women by the water .
te	PAST	Opening it , he barked , " Hello . "
te	PRES	The opening door crashes against the wall and the children 's quickened heart beats become sonic booms .
te	PRES	" A little sore . "
te	PAST	The seed wobbled , cracked .
te	PRES	" Prepare yourself , " Aiden warns and steps back , letting me walk in first .
te	PAST	' Well get on with it , ' she barked .
te	PAST	Immediately it ignited into a thick cloud of black smoke , flooding the room in a thick heavy smog , momentarily blinding the squad .
te	PAST	Then , as if the only thing holding him together was the task of delivering those official details , tears spilled from his eyes .
te	PRES	" What about the snake ? "
te	PRES	" The farm labor issue ? "
te	PAST	We tasted blood and we wanted more .
te	PRES	" Well , we uh , well , we 're on foot -- " " Nobody would travel that road on foot !
te	PAST	Teague chewed his lip , then made a decision and pulled out the radio , keyed his buddies ' radios .
te	PAST	A figure trailed behind him , having encircled the Uffizi for hours , like a shark , waiting for him to emerge .
te	PRES	The pieces I bought include a lighthouse and a picturesque scene of a crystal lake with horses and a picnic setting .
te	PRES	Scales emerge on her back , up her neck , and even on her scalp , protecting her fragile bones from several hard hits against the tree .
te	PAST	Her voice echoed in the cavern , seeming to come from many mouths at once .
te	PAST	She fumbled and found the lock and opened .
te	PRES	' Why do you associate yourself with such bastards ? '
te	PAST	' What about Rosewood ? '
te	PAST	I licked my lips and sat up further .
te	PRES	Soleil laughs like she wouldn 't dream of asking .
te	PAST	Sugar crept back to the bathroom , full of a guilty , despicable relief that the worst was probably over .
te	PAST	A warm , fuzzy feeling overcame her and she let her lips linger against his freshly shaven skin .
te	PRES	" Okay , " Kara obliged .
te	PRES	" Am I dreaming ? "
te	PAST	As part of the ritual of accepting the throne , she sliced out her own heart and lay it on the pedestal .
te	PRES	It would be crowded and warm inside , lots of little girls in short skirts dancing up a storm .
te	PAST	How could anyone not treasure someone so sweet ?
te	PRES	" Did he reject you ? "
te	PRES	" Always , " Cy replies .
te	PRES	A smirk appears on my lips .
te	PAST	The kicker blasted it !
te	PRES	" And that sucks , okay .
te	PRES	" Evangeline , I advise you not to get close to that one .
te	PRES	" As was my intention . "
te	PAST	" I understand , my lord .
te	PAST	Bewildered and disoriented , Riley suddenly realised she was staring at the ground far below .
te	PRES	Dallas nods toward the car .
te	PAST	I reveled in it for another minute , slowly letting myself slip back into reality .
te	PAST	She bowed her head so he 'd see she didn 't mean any disrespect .
te	PRES	No way could she resist .
te	PRES	Wrapping his arms around me , Andrew kisses my head .
te	PRES	In the silence that follows , he leans toward me until we are separated only by inches .
te	PRES	" Well , it smells delicious and I 'm suddenly very hungry .
te	PRES	Look at the way she dresses !
te	PRES	Three stores later , he finds it : a hand-sewn journal , its cover a painted river .
te	PRES	" Well , then , Miss ... " " McKenzie .
te	PAST	I signed up for a couple of credits .
te	PRES	The question becomes whether we proceed with or without our mounts . "
te	PRES	Unwilling to take no for an answer , the girl leapt at him .
te	PRES	Those X rays ... " " He could be wrong , Scott , " she said .
te	PAST	Were you out of your mind ?
te	PAST	That he really existed .
te	PAST	Something eased in the vicinity of his heart .
te	PAST	He reasoned that he had dropped it last night , and , at least for the moment , luck had prevented it from falling in the water .
te	PAST	She dashed the tears from her eyes .
te	PAST	" Actually I got an email from an old friend of my daddy 's , " Delilah confessed .
te	PRES	' Sometimes ... ' ' Now might also be a good time to tell you that I 'm having my boobs done . '
te	PRES	The male of the species finds humor in the oddest things . "
te	PAST	The mountains bowed and the seas sang .
te	PAST	Her voice echoed off the walls and the polished floors .
te	PAST	Then , as the snow cascaded around her , Marcus thrust himself into her from behind , burying himself deeply .
te	PRES	It warms my stomach and I feel a gentle , soothing build up of energy that builds like a crescendo inside of me .
te	PAST	His black eyes glittered as he perused me .
te	PAST	He licked the hollow of her neck .
te	PRES	" She a medium ? "
te	PRES	Rian just laughs and shoves them into my hand .
te	PRES	President Shepherd walks over to a tray , pours himself some coffee , and says , " Now ... we 've got a long flight home .
te	PAST	A wound sustained as a youth still troubled him on such damp days .
te	PRES	barked Agnes , making Dreamer recoil .
te	PRES	He continues to dart through the parking lot looking for the car .
te	PAST	" I 'm just glad they had certificates on them , or I never would have known , " she confided , then gestured to my room .
te	PAST	I bowed out shortly thereafter , intent on only one thing : Bed .
te	PRES	" A queen ? "
te	PRES	" They scan our calls .
te	PRES	She layers them over the shirt she 's wearing .
te	PRES	Seeming to recognize my confusion , he continues .
te	PAST	But the gnome 's spell completed , and he vanished before our eyes .
te	PRES	" My heart twists in my chest at the thought . "
te	PRES	Gods , he 'd been so furious , murderous really , but shock had rippled through our bond the second before it had ended .
te	PAST	Alec trailed behind , but not before stopping at my desk .
te	PAST	His internal monitor displayed a low-energy alert , but it did not register in his conscious brain .
te	PRES	The living room bumps up against the dining room , and the couch where I 'm sitting is positioned in between .
te	PAST	Mike swore under his breath .
te	PAST	" I just , you know , miss him , " Nick summed up .
te	PAST	The cave doubled in size without his shoulders and booming voice .
te	PRES	" So eight symbols .
te	PAST	I cradle my left elbow to my stomach and rest my right arm on the table .
te	PRES	- Excerpt from the journal of Dr. Harold Quickly , 1986 Flames lick out of a crack at the top of the door .
te	PRES	Damn , not enough illumination for him to read the words .
te	PAST	The metal walkway creaked under the shock of his weight .
te	PRES	Nicholas grabs me to stop me from falling .
te	PAST	Just grant me another chance , he pleaded with fate .
te	PAST	Solid hands grasped my shoulders , shaking me .
te	PRES	And it shows up in one out of every six people , which is a lot of people . "
te	PAST	With every pass over her ass , she practically purred .
te	PAST	He respected her decision to keep their romance private , but he was tired of hiding and sneaking around .
te	PAST	The bag on her shoulder probably weighed more than she did , and I clutched the steering wheel at the sudden bout of anger that lit inside .
te	PAST	Norwell heaved a sigh .
te	PAST	I am sure you would do the same for me if I needed it , " Lira remarked .
te	PAST	You punched a girl for saying something mean about her .
te	PRES	" I ... uh ... what ? "
te	PRES	Hang me up as a warning to all the other low-level security officers he employed .
te	PAST	Glen loaded himself down with the equipment he 'd used to do the housework and descended .
te	PRES	Marianne owns the place .
te	PAST	" Well , I guessed that !
te	PAST	" You can eat steak , " she mused .
te	PAST	I licked my lips and felt my throat burn with anticipation .
te	PAST	They were all dead scared of the notion , me lord , ' he said earnestly , looking up . '
te	PAST	I admired her from afar . "
te	PAST	" Indeed , " Damion huffed with irritation .
te	PRES	" I hate you all , " Rory replies .
te	PAST	He rocked his h * ps towards her suggestively .
te	PRES	" Surrender now , intruders .
te	PAST	Victor obeyed , standing up straight and resuming his emotionless exterior .
te	PRES	Tammie accepts the papers as gracefully as possible and makes her way to a chair .
te	PRES	He shifts , and I slide from his lap , hitting the floor hard .
te	PAST	Her scream echoed along with the blast from the gun .
te	PAST	We dismounted and tied the tired horses to a hitching post near the water troughs .
te	PRES	" You just stood there , like a deer in headlights , " Mary argues .
te	PRES	" Yeah , I 'm fine , " I choke , with my palm pressed to my chest .
te	PAST	" Maybe I don 't like things easy , " he hissed .
te	PRES	" I 'm not brave , " Rift painfully admits , not wanting to enter into a contract under false pretenses .
te	PAST	We exchanged notes , stories , opinions .
te	PRES	She insists she 's fine , though , and I don 't want to push it .
te	PAST	The tree slumped to one side as it approached , leaning on the thumper with each stride .
te	PAST	A child they deserved .
te	PRES	" Little daddy . "
te	PRES	They quicken their steps .
te	PAST	Sean panned his camera across a row of abandoned homes , each with a knee-high wire fence and gate needlessly protecting a tiny patch of untended garden .
te	PAST	She tapped her chest , over her heart .
te	PRES	' Her fingernails ? '
te	PAST	His eyes darkened , and he closed the distance between them , his tongue sweeping into her mouth without delay .
te	PRES	My heart beats twice fast but it didn 't skip much beats like how Blake does it .
te	PAST	The redhead immediately eased back .
te	PRES	She stinks of not thinking about it . "
te	PRES	" If you insist . "
te	PAST	" I don 't suppose respect for your elders was something they taught you in your last pack , " Jordan hissed .
te	PAST	Without a second thought , Mark sprang out of his seat .
te	PRES	Serena cuts off at her own gasp when they push her forward , right over the hole .
te	PRES	" You planning to love me and leave me , snow angel ? "
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	It dawned upon Alex that she didn 't know what to say to the man if he came to the phone .
te	PAST	She silenced him with one hand and paced , searching desperately for answers .
te	PAST	He spotted bodies on the ground .
te	PRES	" You sore too ? "
te	PRES	Constant beeps emitted from the machinery .
te	PRES	" How did yo -- " An ear piercing siren that wailed loudly outside the room , broke her sentence .
te	PRES	" To return to your schedule , it appears that you have nineteen plus a private today . "
te	PAST	I strolled over to where he sat on our log with Tres in his lap .
te	PAST	Sixteen later , models succeeded GP 1 over a hundred and twenty years , after that Harun Industries collapsed .
te	PAST	She gestured toward the trailer .
te	PRES	" If it 's any consolation , Crystal still keeps me under her power . "
te	PRES	" How about you Azalea ? "
te	PAST	Something gleamed in her palm ; it was Tessa 's angel pendant .
te	PAST	One of my soldiers investigated and reported it to me .
te	PRES	And whether they 've been around for centuries depends on your perspective .
te	PAST	Jessica eased herself carefully into a lawn chair , half expecting it to collapse .
te	PRES	But once she becomes a teenager ... well , sometimes there 's nothing you can do .
te	PRES	" Hold on , " Iris interrupted .
te	PRES	Faint at first , it grows louder fast , and more distinct .
te	PRES	" Is it h -- him m -- aking us c -- cry ? "
te	PRES	" We hold on , " he replies .
te	PRES	Fear , anger , grief .
te	PRES	" A bowl of cool water as well ? "
te	PRES	He keeps touching me , yet he acts like he shouldn 't .
te	PRES	" What execution ? "
te	PRES	And Derek 's stupid abs he flaunted today .
te	PAST	" Obviously , those are anonymous , " I retorted , with attitude .
te	PRES	" You deserve much better than me . "
te	PAST	Some stirred restlessly , as if sensing danger .
te	PAST	I huffed out toward Kennan as he ran behind me .
te	PAST	She banged it into her open palm and winced .
te	PAST	They lacked the careless free flow of the human being .
te	PRES	" Yes Mother " Jon replies , " seek and destroy " .
te	PAST	" I show my face to any immortal , and I 'm a dead man , " choked Dante .
te	PRES	" Let go , Callum .
te	PRES	A total control freak .
te	PRES	Okay this is really freaky , it appears that she 's in the past with me , at least mentally .
te	PRES	Friday -- really , that 's her name -- laughs and signs , " You 're welcome . "
te	PAST	He spotted the big black bird and the bird saw him .
te	PRES	Cole knelt on a flat rock that slightly overhung the pond .
te	PRES	' ' And chips . '
te	PAST	Blood dripped down her arm .
te	PAST	Horns blared all around him , but only for a few seconds and then they were out of range .
te	PRES	Strange smells and sounds started to creep into my consciousness .
te	PAST	She deserved better than these people . "
te	PRES	" And the Reboot was ... what ?
te	PAST	At his nod , a fire sprang to life in the hearth .
te	PAST	Finally , red-faced and sweating hard , he slumped to his chair .
te	PRES	This appears to be something like a public park .
te	PRES	" How many puppies ? "
te	PRES	" And may I compliment you on your driving prowess ?
te	PAST	The officer requested that the soldiers be reassigned to protect the enhancement program 's spotless record .
te	PAST	" I can handle myself , " I argued .
te	PRES	She laced her fingers together to stop the shaking .
te	PAST	" Indeed , " concluded the fifth and final monk .
te	PAST	" That 's helping , " Peyton protested , scowling at his older brother .
te	PRES	" Show me what you like , Nicole . "
te	PRES	As I open the door , a plume of steam hits Mom .
te	PAST	As she floated back down , he nipped the tender flesh and slid back up her body .
te	PRES	My gaze travels over to the house on the other side of the car .
te	PAST	Jack 's shoulders sagged .
te	PAST	He rings me most days but he 's not nearly so flirty since London . '
te	PRES	The map keeps changing ; I head down a small road that is piled with corpses on each side .
te	PAST	There was a blue van parked in a yard to one side but no other vehicles , his earpiece squawked , " Any movement yet ? "
te	PRES	" Greetings , Council of the Confederacy , " Phoebe greets blandly .
te	PRES	The realization finally hits her .
te	PAST	He blurted the whole sentence out at once , then he slowed down .
te	PAST	Jackson 's eyes darkened , his face taut with tension .
te	PAST	The place looked exactly as the voice had said , she mused , shadowed and spiked along the top , a horror movie come to life .
te	PRES	" I see we have an understanding , " William nods .
te	PRES	When you curse two people together , you bind them .
te	PRES	Anxiety and worry twist in my gut , and I don 't know what to do .
te	PAST	He crept up the stairs to the entrance .
te	PRES	Considering all of the patients here , it hits me like a wrecking ball .
te	PRES	She pauses at the sound of footsteps down the hall .
te	PRES	CUT TO : - Outside in the hallway .
te	PAST	A ball formed , heading straight for the ditch on the other side of the road .
te	PAST	They tasted like summer grass and cool water . "
te	PRES	I sprayed myself one last time with my coconut and ginger body spray and threw it in my bag .
te	PAST	The door sealed behind them .
te	PAST	" Like you 'd know , " I huffed .
te	PAST	Around them lights flickered like ghost ships in a sea fog .
te	PRES	She tilts her head .
te	PAST	Mike heaved a sigh of pleasant relief .
te	PRES	She eats another bonbon then flops her hand around to circle the room .
te	PRES	" You wan na ' grab some dinner ? "
te	PAST	" Not a word , but when you called an hour ago , I pinged her recording devices .
te	PRES	From fifty feet below , a vile stench hits my nose , like rotted corpses in the summer heat .
te	PRES	Sean leans hard on my back , knocking the air out of my lungs as he ties my wrists .
te	PAST	I jogged home , feeling safe only after I was shut inside , the door tightly locked behind me .
te	PRES	" I advise you to learn .
te	PRES	" Hope they find common ground and can speak , yo .
te	PRES	Gage and I exchange glances .
te	PAST	" It just occurred to me that I could so I tried it . "
te	PAST	A lump formed in my throat and I focused on the empty bookshelves .
te	PRES	" The forms he filled in , all the files we have on him .
te	PAST	Chair scraped against the floor as the guests stood to give their final wishes and leave .
te	PAST	" What if ... " I began , but trailed off .
te	PAST	" You should have confessed this before we were married , Victoria .
te	PRES	He leapt through that window and rushed into the house .
te	PRES	Mason shifts on the couch so his body is facing mine .
te	PRES	Like the bul ets were flies .
te	PRES	Heading this time in the other direction , he descends the other staircase at the far end of the attic .
te	PAST	We drowned for a moment , then the world literally moved .
te	PRES	She claims she never called Holly and doesn 't know anything about a note from anyone named Tye . "
te	PRES	" Nay , Alaric . '
te	PRES	" What about the electronics .
te	PRES	Inside me , the stone grows larger .
te	PRES	Kat knelt by his side .
te	PAST	I punched James in the arm as hard as I could .
te	PRES	" I hear the Arabs are taking an interest in your Professor , too , " queried the CIA man .
te	PAST	A tattoo of a viper spiraled across his features , its inked tail running across the expanse of his bare chest .
te	PRES	" Cursed girl grows more like you every day .
te	PRES	" Terrible , " I mumble .
te	PAST	In the foyer , he strode to the reception desk and waited impatiently for the dark-haired woman on duty to finish checking in another guest .
te	PAST	" You bellowed , sir ? "
te	PAST	The plane bucked as if straining against invisible ropes .
te	PAST	The sounds only echoed lightly and momentarily .
te	PAST	Institute taught courses in English , and native English speakers were rare in this part of Moscow .
te	PRES	He pauses and then looks away and up at the craft above us .
te	PRES	He rushes to sip his beer .
te	PRES	" Three scoops ! "
te	PRES	She scratches her head .
te	PAST	She pounded jokingly on the table and smiled at him .
te	PRES	Someplace else , someplace they can 't make a scene .
te	PRES	She nods to the right and when I don 't move , she heads down the hallway , looking back to make sure I follow .
te	PAST	Tears of relief rained down her cheeks .
te	PAST	For example , today , Kevin teacher taught introductions .
te	PRES	And you , my silly little bread basket , deserve to die . "
te	PRES	" Ms. Merit , please , bound for Cadogan House . "
te	PRES	I gather that 's something like a hug .
te	PRES	Reginald agrees to remain with Cassandra , Lucas and Francis .
te	PRES	Mia stares at me incredulously , her green eyes slightly unfocused .
te	PRES	It scares me even though I 'm the one doing it .
te	PRES	Shelton and Huey pray first and then Kim , who , because of Jean , now can pray .
te	PAST	At first it occurred to Ronnie that it seemed odd for such an ethereal , powerful being to have to walk .
te	PAST	And all for nothing , too -- because Napoleon had abdicated four days before the battle occurred .
te	PRES	" We 'll catch up , " Gage shouts over at Marshall .
te	PRES	Stirring pots , adjusting volume levels , adding shakes of salt , clapping .
te	PRES	Where O where am I ?
te	PAST	Blood and chunks of meat splattered on the stonework behind him .
te	PRES	" You 're trying to think of a way to get out of this , ain 't you ?
te	PRES	" That sounds good , " Ryan replies , tapping his fork on his placemat .
te	PRES	I was that knight , " he reveals , the statement radiating regret and remorse .
te	PRES	" Because you took a sledgehammer to my heart , you asshole ! "
te	PRES	Blood trickles down my arms , from my nose and the corner of my mouth .
te	PAST	Then understanding apparently dawned , and with a shout , he threw his arms around Carol 's neck .
te	PRES	He leans back without perforating his bleak expression .
te	PAST	I shivered and wrapped it around me as I approached the white wall .
te	PAST	" All owned by Hemisphere Air .
te	PRES	' For the Ball ? '
te	PRES	" And the cuffs .
te	PRES	Gemma leans over to me as I take a sip of my wine .
te	PAST	" So they worked well together , " Ken concluded .
te	PAST	His hands stroked her back and she realized that he was going to be true to his word .
te	PAST	She licked her lips .
te	PAST	A plan for the afternoon 's entertainment formed .
te	PRES	For patient and healer alike . "
te	PRES	Sorry about that , spiders just freak me out . "
te	PAST	" I can 't take your vehicle , " she protested adamantly .
te	PAST	The three servers bowed as they left without a word .
te	PAST	Ryan punched the star quarterback a little too hard in the shoulder pad .
te	PAST	Sluggish black blood oozed out from around it .
te	PRES	Jackson mock punches him in the shoulder .
te	PAST	She stroked his hair back into his eyes with a flourish and a short laugh .
te	PRES	" How disappointing . "
te	PRES	A warm rush of liquid travels down over my eye and I blink through it , wiping the blood away with my hand .
te	PRES	Martin nods his head .
te	PRES	Maisie shouts : " Girl , you are crazy !
te	PAST	Flames roared around me .
te	PRES	Some meditate through music , some through books .
te	PRES	Eric wont disturb you much either .
te	PAST	Claire chewed the side of her nail and stared along the road , willing the bus to appear amidst the traffic .
te	PRES	" Her soul merely sleeps . "
te	PRES	He nods his head in agreement with the plan and tells Dane and Monti to proceed .
te	PRES	It still hurts that I can 't be with her .
te	PAST	Lux snarled and flew toward us so fast that I didn 't have time to move away .
te	PAST	A better girl than I deserved .
te	PRES	I emptied my glass and poured myself a second .
te	PRES	" But what would a deception like that gain him ?
te	PAST	" Lady , " he protested .
te	PAST	Not a speck of dust blanketed the exposed woodwork .
te	PAST	Helen promptly resumed scratching herself .
te	PRES	" You deserve far better than me .
te	PAST	Outside the tent , Seth Clearwater 's vicious snarls echoed off the rocks .
te	PAST	At least you overcame your initial protests .
te	PRES	It certainly appears that way .
te	PRES	The little bunny nods , sniffing .
te	PAST	The older man , by comparison , exuded the composure that comes with advancing years .
te	PAST	Now they exchanged a small smile .
te	PAST	Something about them stirred a faint memory in the back of my mind , some vague , half-formed thought .
te	PRES	" It hurts ! "
te	PAST	The first elevator doors pinged seconds before I reached them .
te	PAST	" The leaders , yes , " Lilly confirmed .
te	PAST	" Hey , " he protested , dodging .
te	PRES	Holding her tightly , I secure my arms underneath her ass and kiss her fiercely as the rain nearly drowns us .
te	PRES	My pulse races faster when he looks at me like that .
te	PAST	I whine , wiping sweat on my clothes .
te	PAST	And God forbid I have even one family relationship that doesn 't give me indigestion for the rest of my life . "
te	PRES	" He keeps the hearts .
te	PRES	Closing my eyes , I pictured Sofie ready to kick the stool out from under me .
te	PRES	Even after the bathroom door clicks shut , my heart continues to beat an accelerated rhythm .
te	PAST	His statement formed a picture in her mind and brought a small pained smile to Arden 's face .
te	PAST	A current of hot and cold seared up my arm , all the way to my shoulder .
te	PAST	A short and chubby man addressed the prince .
te	PAST	His voice dripped with insinuation .
te	PRES	" Well , this is rustic , " Emerson laughs , swinging himself up onto the platform to join me .
te	PAST	His hand shaped her face , caressed her soft skin , traced her delicate cheekbones .
te	PRES	Every download results in a donation to the LA Youth Orchestra .
te	PRES	" Cereal is fine , " I squeak as I shake my mother 's hand .
te	PRES	" This serves a dual purpose , Ogg .
te	PRES	He motions his hand .
te	PRES	Luke nods and then starts chatting with the girl .
te	PRES	" If you insist .
te	PAST	Radcliffe hissed up at the same moment as he spotted Bessie peering out the window beside her .
te	PAST	No music emanated from the room .
te	PAST	Sheila paled and backed away in the face of his anger .
te	PRES	" Listen , asshole .
te	PRES	I giggle , " Green for go !
te	PAST	The woman dashed into the house .
te	PRES	Bad Memories watches me , but says nothing .
te	PRES	He leapt through the broken glass , fell one storey and landed without a sound on the cold ground .
te	PAST	Then he intended to swing back through Arizona and New Mexico , before doing Colorado last of all .
te	PAST	" At least , Mr. Sniper won 't disturb us this night , " Stephanie observed with optimism .
te	PRES	I wan na get some fresh air . "
te	PAST	The prop engines sputtered to life , and I thanked myself in retrospect for shutting them off when I had .
te	PAST	I depended on her .
te	PRES	" I saw the two of you huddled over here , " Maia continues .
te	PAST	Chase bucked him off .
te	PRES	My road crosses another at an intersection one house away from mine .
te	PAST	he squeaked out , turning his head and riveting his eyes on Jaxon .
te	PAST	Wait here with us , " pleaded Ida .
te	PRES	She almost shivers at the memory .
te	PAST	His words stunned me .
te	PAST	Elena gushed with indignation , " Amazing !
te	PAST	As Lucia watched silently , she paged through numbers until she found the one she wanted and connected .
te	PAST	He wasted no time .
te	PRES	" In the gym . "
te	PAST	She clung to him , making a little moaning sound .
te	PAST	My brow furrowed together , and I frowned .
te	PRES	The servants claim to have heard the two arguing and then a single gunshot .
te	PAST	" It 's getting light , " I observed while the other two noisily gnawed their beans .
te	PRES	I pray this fare arises to your liking , sir . "
te	PAST	His employees ripped open the back of the van and leapt out .
te	PRES	He loosens his grip on my hand and focuses his eyes on mine .
te	PRES	" Okay , so we 've got the super evil club , " Gabe continues .
te	PAST	Why deny them both ?
te	PAST	He heaved once , violently .
te	PRES	' None of the other staff there today recognise Thomas from the photo . '
te	PAST	At last , he spied an alcove .
te	PRES	Coop rides shotgun and I climb in the back seat .
te	PRES	For the first time , he hangs on , refusing to let go .
te	PRES	A man who had caused him infinite grief and tried to alienate him from his father and from their people .
te	PRES	He watches me closely .
te	PAST	He weighed them : 255 pounds and 347 pounds .
te	PRES	" Because it was your decision to make , Gwen .
te	PRES	We develop our own photographs . "
te	PAST	They pretend not to have heard or seen or noticed anything . '
te	PRES	" Nothing beats Ragu Old World style . "
te	PAST	They departed under the cover of darkness even though the time was twelve noon .
te	PAST	I tiptoed to the queen mattress and lifted the sheets .
te	PRES	Cal nods at Ray and she unlocks the cuffs .
te	PRES	If we die , the Alliance dies with us and the peace we have worked so hard to create and maintain will cease to exist . "
te	PAST	I need you to go to South-East Asia with my mother , ' he blurted out .
te	PAST	The poor man obeyed .
te	PRES	' My friend Timothy .
te	PRES	Fear builds in my mind that I missed something in Mason that could make the difference between staying hidden from the Sentinels and being killed .
te	PRES	I claim too quickly , my voice shrill .
te	PAST	Just then , Mike 's cell phone pinged .
te	PAST	Chow thrust Eric into the passenger 's seat , so it appeared I was the designated driver .
te	PAST	Dean 's sharp laughter bellowed out .
te	PRES	The same long , straight fair hair , like silk in different shades of wheat color , spilling over her shoulders .
te	PAST	I cuddled up next to him .
te	PAST	I glare at him and then look away , refusing to meet his gaze .
te	PRES	A quick look at the sky reveals the sun is sinking fast .
te	PAST	Something suddenly occurred to Rabbit .
te	PRES	" I know , " she admits in a whisper .
te	PAST	" Jonathan always encouraged Sarah to speak her mind .
te	PAST	Grady has bailed as well , off down the street on his skateboard , so it 's just the two of us left .
te	PAST	She tapped over to him on her high heels , grabbed his sleeve and dragged him down a short hall to a small , windowless office .
te	PRES	She shakes her chest and her tits bounce against my chest .
te	PRES	It all shoves its way into my head and I don 't want it there .
te	PAST	Gregori 's silver eyes glittered dangerously in the darkened room , pale and menacing .
te	PRES	" Not for sure ... probably next week sometime .
te	PAST	Mara lightly stroked his arm .
te	PAST	With that thought driving me , I waded into the jungle of metal .
te	PRES	All of a sudden she smells overwhelmingly of the sea .
te	PRES	A wedge of light cuts through the open doorway , and I hear muffled laughter from the next room .
te	PAST	His dark eyes pleaded with her .
te	PAST	Culver 's thin dark mustache twitched with his words .
te	PAST	Riley and I. And mapped the ... " She hesitated , obviously choosing words carefully .
te	PAST	The flames at the top formed strange shapes .
te	PAST	With slow deliberation , his fingers crept over one breast and then over the other in soft strokes .
te	PAST	Sadness hovered over him , shadowing his eyes .
te	PRES	But as I start to wander across the stars , my heart sinks in despair .
te	PAST	He also confirmed that he was about to go down to investigate .
te	PRES	Then , out of nowhere , rushes of wind .
te	PAST	His momentum propelled them both to the floor with her sprawled on top .
te	PAST	Paul should 've blasted the frown off your face . "
te	PRES	" For God 's sake , Blanche ! "
te	PAST	He pecked my lips , then scooped up my clothes and led me back into the house .
te	PAST	One cop blocked the door while another began snooping around my apartment .
te	PAST	The gun blasted and her ears rang and the bullet slammed into his stomach .
te	PAST	They could hear machinery somewhere and the echoing of tools being dropped or something banging , voices also echoed back and forth .
te	PAST	The sound of it bouncing off the concrete echoed in the domed room before it plopped into the water .
te	PAST	Besides , she owed him .
te	PRES	He watches the window for any sign of movement for nearly an hour .
te	PAST	It tasted like peppermint and smoke and warmed him on the cold surface of the rock .
te	PRES	You deserve actions . "
te	PRES	" Aren 't you the boxing champion ? "
te	PAST	Don 't go yet , " pleaded Jackson .
te	PRES	All hail the conquering hero . "
te	PAST	I eased away from the statue .
te	PAST	He confessed to our agent that Damian took an earlier flight , a smaller plane that should be arriving at Cooper airport in fifteen minutes .
te	PAST	Hoping they were distracted arguing , she crept backward .
te	PRES	Pulling out the newspaper , he discovered mail underneath that looked to be unopened credit card solicitations , junk mail and ... " Oh no !
te	PAST	My brain clicked over from one gear to the next , accepting the reality and realising that physical violence was now needed to escape the situation .
te	PRES	Just as suddenly their outer rim dives steeply , cliffs crashing into the sea .
te	PAST	My gaze flitted to the speedometer , and I realized how fast we were going .
te	PRES	" No , " she shouts down at him .
te	PAST	She shivered again , almost twitching .
te	PAST	" Funny , you don 't taste like candy , " she remarked .
te	PAST	Liz angled the mirror and studied it with a frown .
te	PAST	He stroked the black felt over and over .
te	PRES	" Hey , hey , hey .
te	PAST	I obeyed , rising to a seated position that conveniently put me eye level with his belt buckle .
te	PRES	Keep us together I pray you .
te	PAST	A clouded cone formed around his labored breath .
te	PRES	The centre glows warm .
te	PRES	I twist around on the bench to find my sister with Thayer , giant Scooby in tow .
te	PAST	Bone cracked ; blood spurted .
te	PAST	" You know of women more beautiful than I , " she retorted .
te	PAST	" You are crazy , " I goaded , settling in beside Simon .
te	PRES	All of the jewelry contains colorful glass squares and intricate designs .
te	PRES	He knelt beside the bed .
te	PRES	Eli shakes his head and gets back up to his feet .
te	PRES	He finds the water quickly , and the sound of him gulping it down lasts far too long .
te	PAST	Lina gestured for the fountain that was much larger than she remembered .
te	PAST	Back in the cold war , the government tested nukes in Nevada , many of them underground .
te	PRES	And now they tortured him with things he knew he couldn 't have .
te	PAST	A tall oval of black smoke formed in the middle of Molly 's bedroom .
te	PRES	She nods and jerks a thumb toward the door .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	Come on , " I huffed in frustration .
te	PAST	Erin strode into the room and leaned on the corner of the old desk .
te	PAST	he declared , throwing himself into a chair and arranging his scarf around him .
te	PRES	Reminds me of the drug raids in the sixties .
te	PRES	Duncan whistled and hit the lights .
te	PRES	And when they died , they vanished into nothing .
te	PAST	With a groan , he rammed into her one final time as he too reached his release .
te	PAST	Thinking back , I recalled how my hesitation about fighting brats had led to Fade and me being captured .
te	PRES	The ice dragon was large , half again the size of the scaled green war dragons that Hal and his fellows flew .
te	PAST	Before she could ponder that , a pain that was becoming all too familiar ripped through Kira .
te	PRES	But you deserve to know the truth . "
te	PAST	Kneeling , he captured her hands .
te	PAST	It suddenly dawned on her that she couldn 't change the past , how could she ?
te	PRES	In the shower , when my skin comes in contact with water , the familiar pricking sensation spreads across my back .
te	PAST	His eyes skimmed her face .
te	PAST	I vaulted over the railing around the porch and landed with both feet on the ground , giving my innards a jolt that sent them reeling .
te	PRES	My heart leapt , and a hope I hadn 't felt in ages filled me anew .
te	PAST	So I 'll show her you , from in here , " he tapped his temple .
te	PRES	Climbing out of the sand herself , Less shakes her head as her dizzying perception slowly returns to normal .
te	PRES	" Isn 't that typical ? "
te	PAST	It bobbed slightly as it approached the stream , then glided out of the trees and hovered just across from Jason for several long moments .
te	PAST	She pocketed her DSM , tiptoed across the room and pressed her ear against the wall .
te	PAST	Fresh tears sprang to my eyes .
te	PAST	Mama 's eyes pleaded in tandem with her words .
te	PAST	And so he did not hesitate to disclose his misfortunes to our protagonists , the first living beings he had seen in ages .
te	PRES	We both serve Him . "
te	PAST	I bowed my head in acknowledgment .
te	PAST	He nibbled on my earlobe .
te	PAST	With that , he thrust into me .
te	PRES	" I know , " he replies in a slightly softer tone , turning to look at me .
te	PAST	Pierre confirmed it within the hour and the rest I am sure neither of us wishes to voice . '
te	PAST	he barked , " do you know who I am ? "
te	PAST	I 'm awake , " a muffled voice protested .
te	PAST	Water dripped from sodden moss on the ceiling .
te	PRES	" And now you regret it ? "
te	PAST	I glare back and flip her off , which only makes her laugh even more .
te	PRES	Inside he finds large room with a massive staircase leading up in front of him before turning one hundred eighty degrees to meet a doorway high above .
te	PRES	" We can be friends again , " I inform her .
te	PRES	Chloe cuts me off .
te	PRES	He briskly walks over to the cadaver , pulls it from the bag and flips it over .
te	PAST	" Chief , " he acknowledged , with a brief nod , before going back to his scrutiny of my facial scratches .
te	PAST	" This ship is different , " Hector resumed when there was silence again .
te	PRES	A technician in light blue checks my pulse and takes more blood as I eat .
te	PAST	Then Bin Laden attacked the U.S. Forty-eight hours later everything had changed .
te	PRES	A short distance from me , the human girl shrieked and ran to the door , pounding it for all it was worth .
te	PAST	Her dress clung to her long torso and water darkened the thick leather belt around her waist .
te	PAST	" Bull , " I retorted .
te	PRES	When not writing , he spends his time investigating the paranormal and indulging in a good book or movie .
te	PRES	" No grown-ups here .
te	PRES	" You may not , " The king leans forward in his throne .
te	PAST	He adopted the cheerfulness of a lifelong friend .
te	PRES	His hands hook around my wrists , and he pulls them away from my face .
te	PAST	Deacon slumped back , as if it had just occurred to him that Aiden had been seconds away from death .
te	PAST	" Mine will need me , when I go back in six months ' time , " echoed Ben .
te	PAST	I dodged the kick easily .
te	PAST	His arms caged me .
te	PAST	" Look , Mr. Princeton ... " " Tyler , " he corrected .
te	PRES	More spots swam before his eyes .
te	PAST	It stained my hands , pants , and all parts of my clothing .
te	PRES	A sly grin sweeps across his face .
te	PAST	Alexander signaled at two little skunks that had joined them earlier to come closer .
te	PRES	" Funny , Sergeant ... REAL funny , " Moore replies , laughing right along with him .
te	PAST	" Eventually , Loki convinced others to follow him , and he created his own army of gods , creatures , and mortal warriors .
te	PRES	" None , " Ryan replies just as he reaches the top step .
te	PRES	" What about Gary ?
te	PRES	Winkler leapt after him .
te	PRES	" What bruises ? "
te	PAST	Then he cradled the flower box in his left arm and gripped a power cell torch in his right hand .
te	PAST	Roxy strode past Janie and Aunt Margaret to the big walnut desk .
te	PRES	" Let 's try , " he insists .
te	PAST	One chewing out too many taught him this .
te	PRES	Miss Black tilts her head to the side .
te	PRES	Without thinking , I knelt down , grabbed her around the waist and wheeled us around to our previous position against the shower wall .
te	PAST	David and I resumed our positions on either side of the bed .
te	PRES	He doesn 't say anything about it , just scans his badge in the door sensor to open it .
te	PAST	The intact bullet recovered from the pool .
te	PRES	" She just keeps saying ' He 's gone . ' "
te	PRES	Let 's just approach them carefully so we don 't look foolish .
te	PRES	The Dauntless traitors closest to us hear him , and press against the walls to make way for us .
te	PAST	The blade sliced into her forearm and it felt like a burn , hot , yet cold at the same time .
te	PAST	Before we could escape , a black airship blocked our exit .
te	PRES	" Jacob , there 's something I need to - " " How much did we decide on , Leila ? "
te	PAST	We practiced this block several more times .
te	PRES	" What about the other tenants ? "
te	PAST	The forest crept to the windows .
te	PAST	" I didn 't ask you to come , " she protested .
te	PAST	" It 's been a long time since we were all together at school , " remarked Prince Darryl with a sneer .
te	PRES	Once she was seated , he knelt beside her .
te	PRES	Three " Wake up . "
te	PRES	It pained me to even call up the memory .
te	PRES	At the last second , panic overtook Haven 's face .
te	PAST	We jogged to the end of the hallway where a large sign said EXIT .
te	PRES	He scooped up a loosely packed snowball and hit her with it .
te	PAST	Orchid , Clyde , Samson and the rest crowded in eagerly .
te	PRES	" Oh , bloody crows . "
te	PAST	Said he , glancing about to ensure they were alone , " I know we have not always seen eye to eye . "
te	PAST	The prince meekly complied .
te	PAST	Without hesitation , Mr. Hoover sprang into action , dashing across the grass in Melody 's direction .
te	PAST	By the time we reached the room , Marcus pleaded for the bathroom .
te	PRES	I drove into her repeatedly , strong , measured thrusts , as she silently gasped , my finger relentless on her clit .
te	PAST	His calming voice soothed me .
te	PRES	Gabe laughs and shakes his head .
te	PRES	" A few more minutes before the parade hits the right mile marker .
te	PRES	His eyes blaze with emotion and he just nods , looking away after a moment and taking a deep , balancing breath .
te	PAST	When I say broken I mean more so demolished .
te	PRES	To me it smells of pain and fear and blood and death .
te	PAST	Her beautiful gray eyes leveled with his .
te	PAST	Blood splattered her cheeks .
te	PRES	" That ... doesn 't sound like a weakness , Mistress . "
te	PRES	When he reached the door and wrenched it open , his dagger still in his fist , he found only another long , dim passageway .
te	PAST	Looking thoughtful he requested they play the chorus again .
te	PAST	Michael rejoined Charlie and William .
te	PAST	" Uhhh , " I stuttered .
te	PRES	He nods , smiling .
te	PRES	He pauses before he asks , " Not even Gale ? "
te	PAST	He stroked her hair , eyes closed , satisfied with the evening 's exercise , " Good .
te	PAST	His eyes crinkled faintly at the corners , as if he were trying to figure her out , but he slowly sat down .
te	PAST	The three formed a small arc between the rest of the party and the tunnel entrance .
te	PAST	He resented having them within their gates .
te	PRES	He sits in his chamber , and waits .
te	PAST	" There are Chinese words here , " he remarked .
te	PRES	I gently pat Wrigley 's muzzle , as I stare up at the white manor house .
te	PRES	" You switching departments ? "
te	PRES	My life sucks ! "
te	PAST	With trembling fingers , I fumbled with the snap on her pants .
te	PRES	He grabs my head before I can get away and dunks me .
te	PAST	Jared 's eyes stroked over me , resting a beat longer on the back of my bare thigh .
te	PRES	Not our Christian . "
te	PRES	" Your soup ! "
te	PRES	His body shakes with the anger radiating off his body , chilling mine .
te	PAST	A small , thin , pale child holding tightly to his father 's big hand greeted Sally when she opened the door .
te	PRES	The Shelby sits in front of the garage when I pull up to Viktor and Alex 's house .
te	PAST	In the same movement she thrust forward with the sword .
te	PAST	His teeth elongated ; his nails sharpened .
te	PRES	Pain erupts through my arm and I can 't breathe .
te	PRES	" And a greater amount of irony surrounds that name than you can possibly imagine . "
te	PRES	" Listen , " she continues , letting go of my hand .
te	PRES	" She cries every time we talk . "
te	PRES	He cuts me off .
te	PRES	The wind blows against my cheeks and the air smells like salt and cotton candy .
te	PRES	It reveals his intentions to his court . "
te	PAST	I strutted away from the car , maintaining the persona I 'd created .
te	PRES	I lick my lips provocatively , then very deliberately drop my gaze to his crotch .
te	PRES	I refuse to let him get away with frightening you anymore regardless of what others think of him .
te	PAST	At least we give him a chance to save the leg , " David reasoned .
te	PAST	Marcus ' brow furrowed and he didn 't move his head .
te	PAST	I summoned a deep breath , wishing she 'd hug me or something , or try to make me feel a little better .
te	PAST	" Nothing you should be concerned about , " Mayo deflected .
te	PRES	He tilts his head to the side , " How the hell can you tell what all that is .
te	PRES	" Dear Mr Clarence . "
te	PRES	It pained him to think that Anika was dead , but then he felt guilty for feeling pain for anyone but Alma .
te	PRES	I regret that I cannot recall anymore what was said , but it was the briefest of exchanges , I assure you . "
te	PAST	Eden 's black eyes flickered up to mine and we shared an understanding look .
te	PAST	Lucien leveled his gaze on Avery , warning , " I have very little time and less patience . "
te	PRES	The cars in front of us roar .
te	PRES	Katerina usually stays within , waiting for the odd mortal to venture through the graveyard . "
te	PRES	" Because you 're not one of us , Dominic .
te	PRES	She leapt to her feet , blinking away her tears so she could see .
te	PRES	Even though Sara 's too old for one , Mom still keeps a monitor so she can hear everything that happens in her room .
te	PRES	So , the death keeps up pace with their tight schedule .
te	PAST	Calliope bowed her head , the first sign of deference she 'd shown since I 'd arrived .
te	PRES	In his visual field appears a menu .
te	PRES	Fabricated stories about mistresses , bribes , drug use , drunkenness , unpaid taxes , billions in off-shore bank accounts arise like clockwork .
te	PRES	" How romantic . "
te	PAST	Maple trees lined the landscape , their leaves fluttering in the late morning breeze .
te	PRES	" And after the ice cream ? "
te	PAST	She sipped her orange juice while her eyes took me in .
te	PAST	" Hi , " I pant , leaning slightly over with my hands on my knees .
te	PRES	What if Brian finds out ?
te	PAST	Eric yelped and hopped off the metal table .
te	PAST	He then licked his way along another invisible trail there .
te	PRES	She crosses her arms over her chest .
te	PRES	Will rewards me with a smile .
te	PAST	" That 's Eve 's phone , " he solemnly pronounced .
te	PRES	The depot contains the recording of the first interstellar voyage .
te	PRES	A stream laps against my thigh .
te	PRES	No , it smells good and my stomach aches for it .
te	PRES	He puts his hands in his pockets .
te	PRES	I clench my jaw shut and turn away from him .
te	PAST	" You 'll do , " Alice amended .
te	PAST	Then , next to me , my father stirred .
te	PAST	Finally , I concluded that I was being hasty and reckless .
te	PAST	I overheard Athena and Apollo talking about it .
te	PRES	But he didn , t send the letter .
te	PAST	My left hand tingled and I fought the urge to pull her against my chest .
te	PAST	I beam , taking in his cord pants and navy pullover .
te	PRES	That he admits to .
te	PAST	" You guessed it .
te	PAST	Garcia usually scheduled his trips for July when the average temperature was over sixty degrees and the city had the maximum amount of daylight hours .
te	PAST	Was of the mind that sparing the rod spoiled the child .
te	PAST	She guessed the elastic element must alternate between firm and flaccid states to enable such powerful locomotion .
te	PAST	Blood gushed to the surface of the skin .
te	PRES	Quinn laughs , a sound that is husky and rich in the night .
te	PRES	" Up and right now , Owens .
te	PAST	" Your skin is warm , " Selena declared .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	" I won again !
te	PAST	She confirmed that the name of Nisha 's boyfriend was Parrish , but could not be sure of the forename .
te	PAST	After my shower , I tiptoed down to the kitchen , careful not to wake my mother .
te	PRES	When Blackwell tries to allow her some more rein , she darts toward the ocean .
te	PRES	He leans back , amused .
te	PAST	Sini 's lips quivered .
te	PRES	Grace shouts , " EVERYONE , THEY 'RE HERE .
te	PAST	Clearer vision is coming your way , " Robert affirmed .
te	PRES	" That hardly counts . "
te	PAST	He strolled back over to where Monica Dixon was laid out .
te	PAST	He tapped as he continued to cough .
te	PRES	The butterflies in my stomach flutter wildly as my uncle 's apartment comes into view .
te	PRES	" Perhaps my basic clearances will work on a communication terminal , " Constance suggests .
te	PAST	He leveled his pistol at the rotten head of the thing ; it was the size of a large truck .
te	PAST	I dreamt of Sophia that night .
te	PRES	I shudder at the image but don 't turn away .
te	PAST	Realization dawned on Cole 's face .
te	PAST	I sniff the salt in the air from it and so want to run my tongue down the side of his face .
te	PRES	' Watch it Violet , ' the detective warns .
te	PAST	" In the dark she concluded it was a pit , but that doesn 't mean it was . "
te	PAST	Lauren eased the baby out of the front pack and offered him to Angie .
te	PRES	The sea woman leapt again , caught it , and ate it in two bites .
te	PAST	He aimed it at their attackers and a deafening blast took out his hearing .
te	PAST	I hated myself a little for being jealous of the happiness she deserved .
te	PRES	About us disrupting things ? '
te	PAST	Now Aly 's mother , Karen Moore , clung to me as if she 'd just witnessed a resurrection of the dead .
te	PRES	' To flick or jerk . '
te	PAST	I realised the room was empty but for the five of us .
te	PRES	Rex leans up against the railing , " Yup , her and Summer . "
te	PAST	She complied , her soft , taunting laughter only teasing his senses more .
te	PAST	Since Jeff and Blackie didn 't seem to be within earshot , she guessed they were in the fort .
te	PAST	Margaret 's frown darkened .
te	PAST	Don swiveled his chair around so he could look outside .
te	PRES	Paul pauses right between her legs , and it 's such a sight I stop running and I 'm dying of laughter .
te	PAST	Madeline 's fingers crept up to her own necklace , and she finally realized what I meant .
te	PRES	Squatting down in front of the unearthed stone he was struck by something , something once again squirming at the back of his mind .
te	PAST	I tiptoed over and noticed an unpainted plain old oak armoire beneath the window .
te	PAST	I reasoned that they would make great targets for Bull and Allie .
te	PRES	The Warlord 's torso burst open , his guts spilling out .
te	PAST	Tanner 's eyes trailed Kathleen without his consent .
te	PAST	" Come on , angel , " he purred , using the pet name only he 'd ever used .
te	PAST	It hovered over the treetops , lit by moonlight .
te	PRES	He grabs me by the arm and practically drags me down the hallway .
te	PAST	Raj eased the apparent awkwardness , " Looks like you needed to tell us something , please sit ; we 're listening . "
te	PAST	She bumped me with her front .
te	PRES	" In his DNA ; in the very make-up of his genetic code . "
te	PRES	Little Rock , big city , lots there . "
te	PRES	The room we 've put you in wasn 't being used , so no worries there .
te	PAST	They filed out of the room wordlessly .
te	PAST	The transport docked , and the officers disembarked , their boots creating an uneven rhythm on the smooth surface of the transport .
te	PAST	" Right , " Tavi panted .
te	PAST	He scooped her up in his arms , and began walked cautiously against the wind .
te	PRES	If that weren 't enough , he still fears that any resolution which they find will not bring his family peace .
te	PAST	She dodged his reach , avoiding his comforting hand and pitying eyes .
te	PAST	" This is not the time for the archangels to be territorial , " Mariel protested .
te	PRES	' Oh , please , Miss Level ! '
te	PAST	He bent to her , kissing her gently , tasting his blood upon her lips as he relished in her .
te	PRES	" Would Lord Gilbert not come to your aid ? "
te	PAST	Still , obviously Elizabeth left her house sometimes , and the next time she did , Nadia intended to seize the chance .
te	PRES	" Please , Mrs. Conger -- " " Call me Bessie .
te	PRES	She fixes on a thing , and she hears no argument .
te	PRES	She nods to herself .
te	PAST	They crept toward the building .
te	PRES	She crosses her arms over her chest .
te	PRES	A frantic voice mail .
te	PAST	Nora drank in the sight of it , her girls , back together on Summer Island .
te	PAST	Already he owed her an incredible debt , and he had no way to repay it .
te	PRES	Henry stood with his back to me , his shoulders hunched as he stared at something I couldn 't see .
te	PAST	I strode out of the room and down the steps to the ground floor , into the grand entryway .
te	PAST	Their headlights stabbed their way through the night blinding the oncoming cars .
te	PRES	" A crowd gathers while you waste time .
te	PAST	Alone in the room , A.J. 's shoulders sagged .
te	PAST	" Yes , my lord .
te	PAST	The police confirmed it . "
te	PAST	How could she have guessed my deepest , most embarrassing secret ?
te	PRES	Not even werewolf blood or saliva .
te	PRES	He hesitates as if weighing what to say , but then settles on humor .
te	PAST	She kneeled down over the body of the man whose neck she had pierced .
te	PRES	Lucent nods in admiration .
te	PRES	The guard squints his eyes , creating craters of wrinkles in his face as he sneers at Madam Enid .
te	PRES	Dham swings the bells , and their sound reverberates throughout the confines of the tunnel .
te	PRES	Team A scattered and began a methodical search without any conscious communication .
te	PAST	One of them dabbed at her eye , holding the lid open .
te	PAST	I usually drank slower , paced myself , but given the text I received , I had extra motivation to get smashed .
te	PAST	Takeo blocked all of his strikes , then threw a front kick of his own .
te	PAST	The sky still boiled but was no longer storming .
te	PRES	He finds it difficult to pinpoint the source , as it seems to be coming from all directions .
te	PAST	" I 'd say you saved him , " he retorted .
te	PRES	" But no luck , I gather . "
te	PRES	In the original , the last paragraph of the quoted text appears to have been added by a much later hand .
te	PAST	Alaina 's golden eyes quivered .
te	PRES	Justine nods as she walks over to the bed and plops down allowing a sigh to escape .
te	PAST	The farmer leant forward , resting his hands on the car door .
te	PAST	She licked her lips and stared out across the farm .
te	PAST	Nose wrinkled against the smell , I knelt and gingerly picked one out .
te	PRES	Sarah assures him though that she is in good hands .
te	PRES	" I wouldn " t suggest attacking us .
te	PAST	McBride strode down to the other stove , tapped Ben on the back .
te	PAST	Edwin realised he 'd been out manoeuvred .
te	PRES	My gaze focuses on the tower .
te	PRES	Instead , he sweeps into the council chambers like he owns the place .
te	PRES	Tenchi hits the brakes and we slide into a tree .
te	PAST	He tapped the dash with the head of his stick which he insisted on keeping between his legs as we drove .
te	PAST	Octavia owned and operated an influential gallery , Bright Visions , here in Portland .
te	PRES	Nora follows at my elbow , and as I 'm twisting to drop into the chair , she gasps .
te	PAST	" Mmm , " she purred , but she wasn 't oblivious to her promise .
te	PAST	Every single Cane in sight turned his head toward Tavi , ears swiveled entirely forward .
te	PRES	" But , Crawlers , " I insist .
te	PAST	It dawned on Kylie that in the vision , the person in the casket could have been Ellie .
te	PAST	Another pause as Rick rearranged his hands .
te	PRES	He nods over to my mother with her hair pulled back in its tight knit bun .
te	PAST	Blood and disintegrating flesh splattered across John from his feet to his slashed stomach .
te	PAST	Roxie 's father bobbed his head sharply .
te	PRES	Aria 's dark eyes widen with the recognition of her adversary .
te	PRES	One of the detectives , a middle-aged guy who actually has a rather spectacular handlebar moustache , follows me .
te	PAST	He and Rose do care for them , " Sarah conveyed .
te	PAST	She squeaked out , " Gosh , look at the time .
te	PAST	I argued with myself on either doing homework or writing .
te	PRES	His brows knit as he stared down at his half-eaten meat pie .
te	PRES	And I admire anyone who chooses to live . "
te	PRES	Except worse , because you 'll be much more conspicuous . "
te	PRES	Let 's stop chatting and let 's go to work . "
te	PRES	" My grandmother . "
te	PRES	He leaned forward , his eyes sparkling .
te	PRES	" Septimus was particularly ... intuitive .
te	PRES	He grabs me by the foot and hangs me up in the air .
te	PAST	" Liam Conner , " Luc snarled , confirming her sudden fear .
te	PAST	Her voice quivered more than she liked .
te	PRES	" A Painted House " A fight erupted behind the Co-op , a popular spot for the older boys to gather and trade punches .
te	PRES	A man knelt next to him , fingers pressed to Charlie 's neck .
te	PRES	He even keeps me around so he can vent his anger on a daily basis .
te	PAST	I shrug because I didn 't mean to .
te	PRES	" What property ? "
te	PAST	Beth protested , but the evidence was plain .
te	PRES	And , some of you emphasize , that you have heard that after you die there are more rewards for those who struggled the most . "
te	PAST	Especially with the drugs making her exhausted and the pain wearing her out .
te	PRES	Liz knelt down by the edge of the path leaning close to the water .
te	PAST	She owed her friend more than she could ever repay .
te	PAST	Amanda realised that she must be slightly younger than herself .
te	PRES	His front paws snagged and caught the tip of the branch .
te	PRES	He backs up to the truck , holding onto me , and opens the door .
te	PRES	He keeps saying your name over and over again . "
te	PAST	Adam fumbled with the front door key before letting them into the flat .
te	PAST	The lights flickered as the train entered the tunnel that would lead to his stop ; Watford Junction .
te	PRES	But she follows it immediately with a wink .
te	PAST	Corinne crept inside carefully .
te	PAST	He panted , ' I couldn 't ... reach the dock . '
te	PRES	Blake shakes his head also .
te	PRES	This scandal - " He tossed a look of disdain in my direction . "
te	PRES	For a crazy moment , he pictured himself going to her right now .
te	PRES	But I recommend the salad instead of the vegetable .
te	PAST	Even as he spoke the name of the Stone , a thunder roared in the sky and a tremor howled in the earth .
te	PAST	she batted her eyes playfully .
te	PAST	Hanna cracked a smile at how lame that line was .
te	PRES	" Pink , " Jack whistled from the top of the stairs .
te	PRES	The last thing she remembered before blessed oblivion overtook her was the feel of soft blankets being placed over her .
te	PRES	She nods and then walks her fingers up my bare chest that 's covered up by a sheet .
te	PAST	" Lauren ... " His voice trailed off as he nodded and walked into the room .
te	PRES	I nearly stumble over my own feet .
te	PRES	Land this thing already ! "
te	PRES	The thought of Kyla threatens to bring tears to my eyes .
te	PRES	She leans her head on my shoulder .
te	PRES	Breakfast and lunch shifts .
te	PRES	A bed , hard dark wood , just planks on it , no bedding , a stool , and a table .
te	PAST	" It was for my daughter , " she declared to his amazement .
te	PRES	So many memories haunted this place .
te	PRES	Kylie scratched Socks under his kitty chin as she tried to think of anything that might help them understand the vision .
te	PAST	" It 's my turn , " Edward protested .
te	PRES	Above us , thousands of wings flutter .
te	PRES	He distributes honors carelessly , declares himself a god and orders that all the heads of the Greek deity statues be replaced by his .
te	PRES	During the day , they swam the Caribbean , and he caught lobsters that they cooked at night over their beach fires .
te	PRES	He owns the Beacon . "
te	PAST	It depended on when it would become necessary for a new reaping .
te	PAST	Now he strode into the room and slipped on the mead , started to fall .
te	PRES	" Might I ask , Mistress , the purpose of that chase ? "
te	PRES	" What molecular acceleration ? "
te	PRES	Old , worn , welcoming .
te	PAST	A bright spray of mums flanked either side of the steps .
te	PAST	The last postcard I saved for the notebook 's next destination .
te	PRES	" Screw them , Nicole .
te	PAST	" Bloody crows , " he hissed .
te	PAST	Tim banged on the cockpit ceiling .
te	PRES	I remembered watching my brother pound our fathers face til my mother complained how the hell she 'd get the bloodstains out of the carpet .
te	PRES	He grabs my hands and raises them so those watching can see the restraints .
te	PRES	A Canadian geologist transmits meteorite coordinates on a frequency that only NASA can hear ?
te	PRES	A pig double feature ?
te	PRES	Dirty , dirty punishments involving chains , whips , and a nurse maid . "
te	PRES	" To the dungeons ! "
te	PRES	Katherine says , her voice becomes deadly serious .
te	PAST	" One of the pipes leaked .
te	PAST	Jake bowed deeply and went back into the kitchen .
te	PRES	" He no longer exists .
te	PRES	" It snows here ? "
te	PAST	Sand rained down from my fingers .
te	PRES	But the first shuttle off-loading from the Queen Favor has arrived , and among its passengers walks a giant .
te	PRES	It appears expectancy is embedded within it , an expectancy that makes people feel at ease and reassured that things will be fine from here on in .
te	PAST	He swiveled around and slowly crept towards the sound .
te	PRES	" The sculptor . "
te	PRES	Catriona drives while I watch for a tail .
te	PAST	He probably possessed the ability to maintain his grip , but the surprise was overwhelming .
te	PRES	A brilliant robot or a world champion chess player who outwitted a computer posing a serious threat to the human race ! "
te	PRES	" I deserve to be sent straight to bed . "
te	PRES	' From the day we met until the seconds that pass as I speak this sentence , I betray you .
te	PAST	Shaking his head , Harrison signaled the waiter for another drink .
te	PAST	We experimented with a mix of counseling and medication , intense psychotherapy .
te	PRES	His face , riddled with shock , becomes more unreadable as it shifts from one expression to another in rapid , conflicting phases .
te	PRES	" Isabella Swan ? "
te	PAST	He brushed a lock of hair behind her ear , then trailed his fingertips down her cheek .
te	PAST	Hamilton signaled for Hunter to stay put then he crept away , disappearing behind a large tree .
te	PRES	she warns with a pointed finger .
te	PRES	I peer over his shoulder , curling my hands into fists around his shirt .
te	PAST	Shame overwhelmed me , and I wept in denial as the river of arousal flowed from me in a rush that confirmed his intolerable power over me .
te	PAST	" No ... No hospital , " she protested , her voice hoarse and weak .
te	PRES	Once the door is unlocked he flies around the locker room and pushes his way into the small foyer leading outside .
te	PAST	He aimed a handgun at the man in the sweater vest .
te	PRES	" Oh be nice , " Lance declares whimsically over the speakers .
te	PRES	She adjusts my zipper and stands back , surveying me proudly .
te	PAST	" That bastard . "
te	PRES	My senses bounce and I connect with Jacob as his eyes slowly scan the room taking in every detail .
te	PAST	Her sarcastic stare burrowed through me , " Hypocrisy .
te	PRES	" Sal -- " " Help me . "
te	PAST	She sipped the drink .
te	PAST	Julia instantly deflated like she was an overblown balloon that had been pricked by a pin .
te	PAST	She tapped her lip with one black fingernail and smiled .
te	PRES	" And yet Helix Scientific still exists .
te	PRES	I recommend starting with the front one . "
te	PAST	All the while she greedily drank in the sight of him .
te	PAST	He tapped the inside of his eardrum .
te	PAST	Eve smiled , that secret little smile , and her eyes glittered brightly .
te	PRES	He pictured the reunion : Shana would be at the ice-cream parlor with a dozen kids all placing their orders at once .
te	PRES	I demand that they tell me where my sister is , but they only laugh harder .
te	PAST	She stroked his cheek .
te	PAST	Toby guessed the whole room dated from before the era of fire regulations and flame retardant material .
te	PAST	She quickly tamed the fluffiness as best she could , wrapping her hair into a bun .
te	PAST	he roared , eyes crackling .
te	PAST	Her head bobbed around like a ragdoll , her eyes lifeless and looking skyward .
te	PAST	" Brimstone ... " she choked out , and then stopped .
te	PAST	He rocked on the edge of his chair routing them on .
te	PRES	A slightly taller , equally energetic boy chases after her with a Nerf dart gun spraying foam bullets in every direction .
te	PRES	' Is Professor Kramer in ... inside ? '
te	PRES	I stumble towards the pantry of food items , sliding open a door .
te	PAST	" I apologize , sir , " Kiran addressed Principal Saint , disdainfully .
te	PRES	My hopes pray that the place is safe .
te	PRES	" No argument there , honey .
te	PRES	" The Rainbow Maker Project .
te	PAST	A dark fluid leaked from the gnome 's punctured skin .
te	PRES	" He attacks me .
te	PRES	I regret that we have caused you potential harm .
te	PAST	He grated the word .
te	PAST	He bumped over the inactive railroad line , its remnants still asserting a right from a wrong side of the tracks despite the equalizing weeds .
te	PAST	Her brows furrowed , and she fixed him with a puzzled look .
te	PAST	The slowly setting sun gleamed off the alabaster walls and spires of the fortress but seemed not to hurt their eyes in anyway .
te	PRES	The lid twists between my fingertips .
te	PRES	She leans over and kisses his cheek .
te	PAST	Ponder tapped at the huge wooden keyboard .
te	PRES	" I think it could be delayed grief from your mother 's passing , " he continues .
te	PAST	Phoebe unbuckled her seat belt and stood , stretching with a sensual moan of pleasure that shot straight to his groin .
te	PAST	A willow drooped its fronds into the river lap .
te	PAST	" And you saw Dad drive in , just as you were getting there , " I guessed .
te	PAST	" How about Sunday night ?
te	PAST	It functioned better as a noise maker than an air conditioner .
te	PRES	" Just sneak me in .
te	PAST	I hissed , ignoring the hot tingling sensation running through my body .
te	PAST	They dismounted and Brin wondered at their sudden change of garb .
te	PRES	We peer around the edge .
te	PRES	Arthur took a sip from his glass , tasting only wine , none of the supposed miracle it held .
te	PRES	" Sure do , Donna !
te	PRES	" Fast healers . "
te	PRES	" Don 't call me that , " tumbles out of my mouth .
te	PAST	He bumped my shoulder , sending me flying into the wall .
te	PRES	And it scares me too . "
te	PAST	Guilt crept back in and I broke away .
te	PAST	The loneliness in her tone affected him deeply .
te	PRES	A lion attacks a gazelle on the plains of Africa and kills it .
te	PAST	Lucia squeaked , darting behind a tree .
te	PRES	Until then , he stays hidden . "
te	PRES	A primal roar to dwarf all others erupts from his throat as an atomic blast of pure , evil force levels the entire section of town .
te	PRES	* * * Meg knelt in front of Sam 's cage .
te	PAST	Max eased the collective and the throttle , allowing the Sikorsky to begin its descent .
te	PAST	She grins , thinking I 'm surrendering , but she 's wrong .
te	PRES	Her eyes widen as a she looks past my shoulder .
te	PAST	Fog encircled them like halos .
te	PAST	She plugged it into the wall and smiled when it lit up .
te	PAST	Violet turned to him , her upturned face ful of interest .
te	PRES	" So you just ruin people for the fun of it ? "
te	PAST	And the museum theft occurred the night before .
te	PAST	He even angled his way to a job there . "
te	PRES	Always , someone dies .
te	PRES	He shows up late at night , throwing pebbles at my window , just to tell me not to get the wrong idea ?
te	PRES	Amy walks by and smiles .
te	PAST	Kincaid bobbed his head in a nod .
te	PAST	Five women slouched in their chairs , as if in a trance , but each held one arm raised toward the smoky boy .
te	PRES	" My turn , " he declares happily , and I laugh as he stands so he 's looming over me .
te	PAST	A lot of things unsaid .
te	PAST	" She sent me a lovely letter , General , " Lily acknowledged , " inviting me to come and stay with you .
te	PRES	And it smells bad to me .
te	PAST	His depravity sickened her .
te	PAST	A single strand of pearls enhanced the sculpted nose , thin , unpainted lips , and tanned skin .
te	PRES	" My secret recipe .
te	PRES	She sits up on her knees and inches closer to me .
te	PAST	The ground sort of rocked under my feet like it does when you 're drunk and tired .
te	PRES	Derrick faked gasps and then cried , " Who 's there ? "
te	PRES	Without thinking , Jessica leapt up onto the hood .
te	PRES	When we hear slow footsteps from inside , Elliott shifts from one foot to the other .
te	PAST	His eyes flickered over me , questioning .
te	PAST	His wife swore otherwise . "
te	PRES	We mount them and ride back to the castle .
te	PRES	" Sometimes they serve a purpose .
te	PRES	The bar 's understaffed and the main dining room only serves lunch and dinner .
te	PRES	At the doorway stood ... Mariah .
te	PAST	Strong heat no longer emanated .
te	PAST	Despite these perceived childhood slights , I adored my mom .
te	PAST	" If I did I wouldn 't give you the address , " Frankie retorted .
te	PRES	Mara fell forward past him , her claws scrabbling at the pine needles , trying to find purchase .
te	PAST	Whatever these creatures were they possessed great unseen strength .
te	PAST	He drank his Jamaican breakfast blend and resolved to be productive .
te	PRES	My lips part in surprise and he ducks his head , forcing me to meet his gaze .
te	PRES	" And it keeps my ass nice and firm , " she whispered as she leaned closer to him .
te	PRES	And only one block from the subway . "
te	PAST	Wren hovered in the doorway .
te	PRES	Come on , faster , Kiko !
te	PAST	Her breath came in ragged gasps , her perfume swamped his senses .
te	PAST	Between bites , I recounted the conversation , including Erik 's interest in Seth and my contract .
te	PAST	Sebastian choked on his coffee and coughed loudly .
te	PRES	My stomach sinks like a rock .
te	PRES	It teaches me not to make friends , though .
te	PRES	" Honey , this is Amy and her daughter , Renee . "
te	PAST	The man flopped over onto his back .
te	PAST	The survivors gathered , some governments combined .
te	PRES	" Even upside down . "
te	PRES	" Do you really chant spells and make blood sacrifices ? "
te	PRES	With his hands against the steering wheel , he said , " I was thinking , hoping , really - " " Hoping ? "
te	PAST	I shivered as he softly stroked it over the back of my knee and down to my foot .
te	PAST	The magazine listed his net worth as equal to Bill Gates .
te	PRES	He grabs her and begins crushing her .
te	PAST	He thrust again , and Abbey 's eyes sprang open as she gasped .
te	PRES	" Especial y if you like swimming . "
te	PAST	One side clicked into place .
te	PAST	He scoured the small patio , looked at Jill and back out again .
te	PAST	" You escaping from the commotion , too ? "
te	PAST	" I thought I 'd done something to make you mad , " Fiona confessed quietly .
te	PRES	Her hand finds the hilt of her sword .
te	PRES	" I regret that reaction so much , Aly .
te	PAST	His white teeth gleamed in the setting sun and candlelight .
te	PAST	After those words came , piercing her and extinguishing any last shred of hope she had of saving herself , Kira slumped against the wall .
te	PAST	* * * " Tory , leave me alone , " I sputtered weakly when he began washing my face with the wet cloth .
te	PAST	I know how to walk in that gray area , " I retorted .
te	PRES	Your girls have your dicks in the palms of their hands , " I remind them .
te	PAST	After watering our new plants in their fresh soil , she tapped her fingers on the counter .
te	PAST	The words fumbled out of my mouth and I watched as my mother 's eyes began to close .
te	PRES	" Sir , " Aria replies .
te	PAST	His head and upper body rocked from side to side , as he favored his left leg .
te	PRES	I should have let you pick the first time , " she admits , turning the conversation away from embarrassing topics .
te	PRES	Nobody stays home . "
te	PRES	That way all our troubles our over . '
te	PRES	Part of me wonders if Brian will want to hang out tomorrow , while another part of me wants to spend time with Will .
te	PRES	I sneak out of the room , and make my way to meet Kayla .
te	PRES	Cold and colorless as ice . "
te	PRES	Mina nods , though her eyes are larger than usual .
te	PAST	" We do more than merely hope , " he protested .
te	PRES	" Goat cheese . "
te	PAST	Chuck grinned , embarrassed , then twitched his nose and said , " Do you think cow methane expulsion is contributing to global warming ? "
te	PAST	Even as I spoke about my childhood an unintentional smile crept across my face .
te	PAST	" Let me feed , " he requested gently as Leah moved in with the cool cloth to press it to Sonia 's forehead .
te	PAST	He stroked her gently , trying to comfort her .
te	PRES	So he shoves me along toward the shuttle , taking hit after hit .
te	PAST	Sid gestured for Dollop to sit opposite .
te	PAST	Henry , confused , attacked Matt , his fists like a windmill .
te	PAST	The hermit heaved the door back in place , cursing the lot of them under his breath .
te	PRES	Dudes too huh , " Hicks replies nodding his head .
te	PAST	He stroked her cl * t before grabbing the cane he 'd picked up .
te	PAST	" Last night I convinced Peyton to come over .
te	PRES	" It depends on what you want to hear . "
te	PRES	The stranger scowls and reaches into his long black leather jacket .
te	PAST	Satisfaction simmered in his eyes and he pulled his hand away , leaving her feeling bereft of his touch .
te	PAST	The rest of his life gushed out of that fatal wound , spilling his life 's blood everywhere .
te	PRES	They serve wines from almost every country in the world . "
te	PRES	A taped up moving box full of family photos now resides in the basement .
te	PAST	Voss lurked about well into the night , easily evading notice .
te	PAST	" Understood , " Harper acknowledged .
te	PRES	Apparently overcoming her inhibitions , she leapt forward and beat aside the blade of one man .
te	PAST	I bellowed in my best law enforcement voice .
te	PRES	" Minor mishap , " I said , consciously not pulling away this time .
te	PAST	Desire shimmered in her eyes , just as it pummeled inside of him .
te	PRES	It continues to seep away , but it is there .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips thoughtfully for a second and then said , " I can 't go any higher than insane . "
te	PAST	A feeling of deja vu crept over him as he stepped into the room and closed the door .
te	PAST	Rowena 's nose wrinkled .
te	PRES	He closes the door behind him .
te	PAST	His tongue stroked her .
te	PAST	" Some of the stitches ripped .
te	PRES	I walks on and everythin 's all bright and clear but not real somehow .
te	PRES	He hits the dirt .
te	PRES	He continues staring at me as if weighing my inquiry .
te	PRES	One of them zombies on the top of the pile reared his ugly head and looked right up at us sitting ducks , idol on the bridge .
te	PRES	But then she pauses .
te	PAST	I commend you on your fine taste , " complimented the steward turning away .
te	PRES	Caleb 's backpack , with the clean suit and explosives inside it , bounces against his lower back as we walk .
te	PRES	I refuse to let anything or anyone ruin this happy time of my life .
te	PRES	Her paws crawling at the glass of the window .
te	PRES	Heads he wins ; tails he wins .
te	PRES	Once I 'm settled in , and given fresh painkillers , she sits with me for a while and tries to tell me to rest .
te	PRES	Adrenaline surges as I switch my weapon 's settings from stun to kill without hesitation .
te	PAST	" Our brother has certainly set his cap , " William remarked as he caught Alexandra 's eye .
te	PAST	He stroked the back of her neck .
te	PAST	She strode through the water till she returned to the patch of ocean in front of The Old Gray Barn .
te	PAST	His fingers absently stroked her hand .
te	PAST	He scooped his shorts off the floor and slid into them , positioning them comfortably around his waist .
te	PRES	He rubs his eyes and then blinks as he gazes up at the ceiling .
te	PAST	Abraham shielded his eyes , trying to determine if Hunting was really gone .
te	PAST	" Dex , " she sputtered , her red head bobbing to the surface again .
te	PRES	" Poor Billy . "
te	PAST	I knelt and touched the fur where it was clean of blood .
te	PAST	So she stirred Professor Pratt 's pot again .
te	PRES	' The villagers are being told soon , the next few suns .
te	PRES	Shifting again , Anthony grabs Peter and rips his hand from Andrew 's wrist and he is pleading with Peter .
te	PAST	The joints cracked , pain coursed , lungs seized , heart fluttered , and vision blurred into ecstatic white despite the fullness of night .
te	PRES	The world keeps getting bigger .
te	PAST	He knelt on the floor before her , took her hand in his and kissed her palm .
te	PRES	" Who teaches them now ? "
te	PAST	Her heels clicked behind him .
te	PRES	" It connects us to her and that night .
te	PAST	God forbid his task should be easy for him .
te	PRES	She scoops one up and lets it scurry across her hand , tilting her wrist to steer it .
te	PRES	It hits Bryce in the chest , bounces up , and Goodson grabs it , gallops to the promised land .
te	PRES	Eyes narrowing , he peered off , just able to see Rachel 's house in the distance , wisps of smoke teasing glaring blue sky and knew .
te	PRES	She stirs and slowly opens her eyes .
te	PRES	Then , there a horn blast .
te	PAST	Inside in dining room , an embroidered tablecloth cascaded to the floor .
te	PAST	He tapped his pen against his palm .
te	PRES	' I 'm weary , ' whispered Miss Level .
te	PAST	she hissed , but Roberto did not flinch as pirates roared , calling her names .
te	PAST	The word resonated , lending unmistakable significance .
te	PRES	He swings a hand at the trailer .
te	PRES	People glanced uncertainly to the milling strangers either side , restless for a cue as to what to do next .
te	PRES	" Hello Cade . "
te	PRES	" It appears they 've made an exception . "
te	PRES	" Thanks Brandon . "
te	PAST	Chapter Five Nervous anticipation ran like fire ants up and down Giles 's spine .
te	PRES	And of course neutral . "
te	PRES	" Be my dog , ser .
te	PAST	After I steadied myself , he said , " Remove your shirt please . "
te	PRES	" And a great teacher . "
te	PAST	Grace batted her eyelashes to punctuate the point .
te	PAST	I never drowned myself in all the materials I could attain ; instead I yearned for life experiences , freedom , and most of all true love .
te	PAST	Water dripped from the walls .
te	PRES	The captain follows my gaze to Crewe , and he too notices the stiffness of Crewe 's demeanor .
te	PRES	" Wow , thanks , " Blade declares .
te	PAST	Jonathan Capone strode over to Mark and looked down his large crooked nose at him .
te	PRES	" To the Whittier House Inn . "
te	PRES	Especial y weapons . "
te	PAST	" I think you 're the monster , " Cassie retorted .
te	PRES	" Thanks , " I said , beaming .
te	PRES	Sarah remained silent , eyes downcast .
te	PRES	No man hurts a woman .
te	PRES	" He also owns Charlie 's Limos .
te	PAST	Painfully , I gulped and stabbed all those memories away from my head , panicking .
te	PAST	Adam 's shoulders sagged and his eyes burned with sudden tears .
te	PAST	He fumbled around on the floor , found them , and turned his face to mine , giving me his best icy stare .
te	PAST	Nic 's hand crept toward his gun and I put mine on his .
te	PAST	She knelt beside him on the floor .
te	PAST	Marcus stilled at the name of the popular pirate .
te	PRES	Christopher groaned and threw back his head , gripping a handful of unruly hair .
te	PRES	" You aching to hear angels sing or something ? "
te	PAST	Nash bowed his head , gathering his thoughts , waiting for his temper to cool .
te	PRES	said Walter , his eyes beaming .
te	PRES	He leapt up and sauntered toward the door .
te	PAST	She dabbed her eyes , then Beth 's cheeks .
te	PRES	" Come on , Cat .
te	PRES	He keeps saying all the right things , but those things are irritating the crap out of me right now .
te	PRES	No fluorescent lights and checkered linoleum here .
te	PRES	Behind the panel , white pipes and black cables snake to and fro .
te	PAST	He licked his lips .
te	PRES	" No costumes . "
te	PAST	Beth guessed that the young woman felt pity for her .
te	PAST	I pissed in my pants .
te	PRES	My bank statement grows considerably each week .
te	PRES	Simply staring at him fondly , Mai clasps her hands behind her back , humbled by the emotion a mere mortal has generated within her .
te	PRES	My heart sinks fast .
te	PRES	" Of course not , Deuce .
te	PRES	" Nina , " Jared whispered , fol owing my name with smooth , short phrases in French .
te	PAST	I clung to him as he pumped into me , thrusting so hard that I felt the head of his arousal slamming into the end of me .
te	PRES	Kamil shakes his head but pleased that Adel remembered .
te	PRES	You 're working so hard , " Kamil replies .
te	PAST	She aimed a sharp look at him while he maintained an innocent expression .
te	PRES	Somehow that becomes fixed in our minds .
te	PRES	He wipes out the forces fleeing into the mountains , then chooses a new stronghold from which to rule for a thousand years .
te	PRES	" You should have told me you have such delicate skin , " he scolded .
te	PAST	" It 's a big name for such a little guy , " Sean mused .
te	PRES	The Living Dead The last day of Ezra 's life dawned clear and dry .
te	PRES	" Not my Heaven .
te	PAST	She exuded a sensual vibe that said they were two grown adults and could do what they wanted .
te	PAST	It occurred to him that it would be possible to walk endlessly around and around the island and never get to the cottage .
te	PAST	Drummond gulped , having worked at the Manor long enough to know that despite his calm tone , Lord Lodge was furious .
te	PRES	I took a quick survey of the room , and dropped to my knees , my hands gripping over my mouth .
te	PAST	He trailed the captain into a large dome shaped room with a raised platform in the center .
te	PAST	The fog in his mind thickened , and he failed to register the dainty hands now pushing at his shoulders , trying to dislodge him .
te	PRES	She sits back so she can look up at my face .
te	PAST	Behind the iron fences the elegant brick structure sprawled over the landscape with a visible arrogance .
te	PRES	Perhaps then you could have fulfil ed your purpose here . "
te	PAST	" I don 't feel I 've changed , " she confessed .
te	PAST	I know I 'd hate for this to happen to any of my students " , Philip concluded .
te	PRES	Above his head , a crystal sphere the size of an orange floated serenely .
te	PAST	" I won last night , " he remarked .
te	PRES	The school dress code hasn 't changed for at least six years now , " Mr. Burke replies gruffly .
te	PAST	Yet her senses objected .
te	PRES	Miss Weaver raises her voice .
te	PRES	" He owns a mansion at the edge of the swamp , but the thing 's all fallin ' down .
te	PRES	Cassie sits down on one of the stools and starts to assist Molly in making a salad .
te	PAST	Inside the club , spotlights suspended from the ceiling tinted everything a deadly shade of red .
te	PRES	She wonders if it 's still a violation to let children ride without car seats .
te	PRES	" Even the strong have to fall someday , nothing lasts forever .
te	PRES	As if the arrow struck some unseen weakness , his aura falters , warbling and flickering as if its source of strength has been disconnected .
te	PRES	" Sidney Sheldon . "
te	PRES	" And no Jonah . "
te	PRES	Your family dies with you . "
te	PAST	His eyes crinkled at the corners .
te	PAST	But if one never choked ?
te	PAST	When Purple Python later emerged from backstage Raphael greeted them with exaggerated enthusiasm .
te	PRES	If she could just somehow land there ... Two steps til jump-off .
te	PRES	A look of confusion overtook his panicked expression , and a bright line of drool on his chin sparkled in the sunlight .
te	PRES	A handler walks in .
te	PRES	James wrinkles his nose .
te	PAST	She clung to him in the frenzy , inside and out as if she 'd assimilate him , dissolve around him .
te	PRES	Flickering yellow outlines in her display .
te	PAST	" Then the dragon attacked . "
te	PRES	Tom hits the ball as hard as he can back to the wall .
te	PRES	" In short , I execute the things that go bump in the night . "
te	PAST	" It all seemed rational , " Gabrielle concluded .
te	PRES	Actually , the processor chips themselves were fine .
te	PRES	He nods and smiles , gratified by the notion .
te	PRES	" After you , comrade ! "
te	PAST	It also occurred to me in a dangerous revelation , that I wasn 't sorry at all .
te	PRES	' No surprise whatsoever . '
te	PRES	They coveted the industrial part of the city naturally .
te	PRES	She finds the bra catch , and releases my breasts into her hands , gently massaging them .
te	PAST	Birds soared overhead , and the haunting images of the misted , winding mountain pass were forgotten in the summertime visage before us .
te	PAST	" Of course she will , " William argued as if explaining something to a child .
te	PAST	Screaming for someone to help , I rocked him as he lay on my lap .
te	PAST	The air thickened into a heavy mass , a dark cloud of roiling energy until it was difficult to breathe .
te	PAST	" The note in the box indicated she probably was .
te	PAST	For the second time that day , guilt ripped through me .
te	PRES	" It will be okay , Jonah .
te	PRES	My side hurts like hell and I can 't stop picking at the wounds underneath the bandage on my wrist .
te	PAST	It annoyed the hell out of him that she took his fifty thousand pounds and managed to make him feel guilty about it .
te	PRES	I lack all but basic emergency training .
te	PRES	" And anyone who wants to hear more , check us out online to listen to our debut EP . "
te	PAST	As the rest of the undead mob advanced , I recovered my senses enough to start pulling the trigger .
te	PAST	The hills resounded with the din of war .
te	PRES	" But that concerns me .
te	PAST	Thomas practically propelled her in Jack 's direction .
te	PRES	Like many indie authors , Susan depends on the reviews and word of mouth referrals of her readers .
te	PRES	" What kind of files ? "
te	PAST	" He could 've been killed by anyone , living in this cesspit , " the viscount panted .
te	PRES	" Not that , " I scolded him .
te	PRES	" You wan na play Candyland , Daddy ? "
te	PRES	Chin up , eyes blazing with strength and resignation .
te	PRES	Just a little exit hatch you could disappear through when you 'd utterly and completely mortified yourself .
te	PRES	You deserve better than to sleep on the floor or on that old twin bed of mine . "
te	PRES	When Pete begins to tire , Steve gently puts his arms around him .
te	PRES	Footsteps approach from inside about thirty seconds later .
te	PAST	I punched him across the face , hard , and tossed him along the floor , in the direction of the door .
te	PAST	The Action News Morning Report song blared out of the speakers .
te	PRES	CHAPTER TWELVE The tour started in Florida .
te	PAST	" Overdose combined with post-traumatic denial , " Pope diagnosed rapidly .
te	PRES	CHAPTER 20 Hit handles the departure with the docking authority and receives our clearance to depart .
te	PAST	A step-by-step checklist stored in the sub 's computer .
te	PAST	He guessed there were about sixty or more lines and wondered what they were for before turning it over again .
te	PRES	" I would never have left you , " Ruth assures me .
te	PRES	Black and purple bruises on one of her arms , like she fell or ran into something really hard .
te	PRES	Jamie 's voice cuts through the static in my brain .
te	PRES	I frown , viewing the floor .
te	PAST	He blocked her jab and countered with one of his own , but she saw it coming and danced back just in time .
te	PRES	But a drug nonetheless .
te	PAST	Her passage stirred the feasting crows and ravens , chasing them up into great black clouds in her wake .
te	PAST	Instead , we filed along a sidewalk , flanked on either side by what had essentially been apartments for guests of Shah Jahan .
te	PAST	Her lips dripped venom at the name .
te	PRES	Her fist connects with my gut .
te	PRES	My so-called ' art ' ? "
te	PRES	Jonathan stays close to me , holding my hand or wrapping his arm around my waist .
te	PRES	" She 's in here , " she shouts .
te	PAST	Wayne had always accused her of the same thing , telling her she deserved his punishments , because she couldn 't keep her mouth closed .
te	PAST	Sometimes they hovered just above the floor or shot up to the far corners of the room .
te	PAST	He shivered as he blocked Hawk 's blade and then struck out with his own , " a dreadful few days at that . "
te	PAST	" And April , too . "
te	PRES	" Elevator C , " and pointed to the back of the library .
te	PRES	Finally recognizing the sincerity in my voice , Jake just nods and turns away , limping faintly from my well-placed kick .
te	PRES	" Smell Viola , " he barks , jumping off the other side .
te	PAST	I tapped on the window .
te	PRES	From what I assume used to be the entrance to the building , he walks a straight line close to the wall .
te	PRES	He leans over the bed and switches off the button that I 'd pressed .
te	PRES	He nods seriously , and I shove his chest , shaking my head and laughing .
te	PAST	She would have actually apologized to the man for it , but apparently Belmont had done all the talking he felt he needed to .
te	PAST	" How nice of you to join us , " she greeted Victoria .
te	PAST	An insane few weeks , really . "
te	PRES	He nods , eyes widening with interest when I pull a twenty from the depths of the black leather .
te	PRES	He shows us where the cap is for the septic tank .
te	PAST	The iron smell of his blood blanketed the airborne vehicle .
te	PRES	He pauses and proudly leans against the doorframe .
te	PAST	He blasted a door off its hinges -- and then the hinges followed .
te	PRES	Megan shakes her head .
te	PAST	Isabelle 's lip quivered as if she were about to smile .
te	PAST	Jack pleaded with her to remain calm but it was no use .
te	PAST	I sipped the last of my bourbon , burning my gums .
te	PRES	" Was it Marie ? "
te	PAST	Emma 's eyes sprang open .
te	PRES	' Beautiful , intelligent , and with a fighting spirit I admire .
te	PAST	Thomas obeyed , wondering what it was that Oakes found so satisfying .
te	PRES	He kisses me softly , then leans so his lips brush against my ear .
te	PAST	I shivered and stiffened as an eerie vibe came over me .
te	PRES	" The book contains nothing ... Not even a worthy spell .
te	PAST	" He got some girl pregnant , " she blurted , bursting into tears .
te	PAST	" Well , whatever charm you might be noticing has been developed over many years of practice .
te	PAST	On the coffin , a candelabra flickered among the raindrops , wax dripping down its pewter spine .
te	PRES	He smells of good cologne .
te	PAST	Silence reigned , and was broken some thirty seconds later by Peter .
te	PRES	" Clayton Reed ? "
te	PAST	The atmosphere eased as everyone admitted that they were starved .
te	PAST	Jacob 's voice speared through the other sounds of chaos .
te	PAST	First , a silver Mercedes convertible sports car roared out the car park exit .
te	PRES	Where ya at Blondie ? "
te	PAST	The spirit obviously lacked the power or the knowledge to complete the manifestation .
te	PRES	Sean kisses my temple and adds , " Everyone hates me , babe .
te	PAST	As the days passed , Lyons taught me art of living in the trenches .
te	PRES	" Mr. Owens ! "
te	PRES	He insists it is for you and you alone . "
te	PAST	Odd , she mused .
te	PAST	His lips twitched , but he said nothing as they rolled the rest of the way down the street .
te	PAST	Please , " he pleaded .
te	PAST	" It came out of him , it oozed ... " I stuttered out .
te	PAST	" Albert drank heavily , John .
te	PAST	His name ripped from my throat as tears escaped from my eyes .
te	PAST	I realised that not everyone on the side I 'd chosen had the wellbeing of humans in mind after all .
te	PRES	She keeps running , with him behind her .
te	PRES	No cost whatsoever . '
te	PAST	Up close he robbed her of breath .
te	PRES	It travels back and forth between here and Australia .
te	PAST	The image stunned her , of herself naked , in the darkening , lying on a stone floor .
te	PAST	I wrinkled my brow .
te	PAST	Only the sound of their footsteps , or rather , her footsteps resonated in the silence .
te	PAST	She quivered less , and her skin began to warm under his fingertips .
te	PAST	With the throttle in his hand , he cranked over the engines , first the left , and then the right .
te	PRES	" And the faithful .
te	PAST	Boone crinkled his eyes .
te	PRES	Inside the small room , he shoves a bookcase aside with little effort revealing a secret passage leading down .
te	PRES	" I know , " she admits .
te	PAST	His heart galloped ahead at full speed , and something inside of him shifted and gave way for her .
te	PAST	Rand 's excuses sickened him , true though they might be .
te	PAST	I yearned to draw her closer , to touch her face once more , gods , to press my lips to hers .
te	PRES	the Blue Jester challenges .
te	PRES	" Were they slimy ? "
te	PAST	Sonny instead crunched his way to the kick ball field that had a few inches of snow over its smooth surface .
te	PRES	He shoves me back ... mostly because he can , I suspect .
te	PRES	Her heart leapt again , then settled down to a steady drumming .
te	PAST	Disappointment crept over Amy 's features , and immediately turned into a highly focused , razor-sharp hate .
te	PRES	" You grasp the situation .
te	PAST	The door creaked open and a young woman stuck her head out .
te	PAST	A battle I won .
te	PAST	He tapped the phone and then let out a sigh before standing up and walking over to me .
te	PRES	His deep coffee colored skin gleamed in the flashlight beams as he crept forward .
te	PRES	He knelt between her thighs and parted them wider , opening her up to his gaze .
te	PAST	Gretchen fumbled in the dark for the phone and knocked it to the floor .
te	PRES	I grinned at her , all worries gone from my mind .
te	PAST	He sipped out of the goblet , nodded at her .
te	PAST	He reined back his mount - just in time , because suddenly Saracen archers began to appear from the treeline some way ahead of him .
te	PAST	Several rusty nails protruded from it , making it a useful weapon .
te	PRES	" This is excellent news , lads .
te	PRES	They currently traversed an area of the forest that was sparsely populated with trees .
te	PAST	I disengaged and stepped forward .
te	PAST	Sven hissed in pain , and my hand shot out and caught him before he could hit the ground .
te	PRES	It whistles and howls around the boulders as the rain continues to bear down its misery .
te	PRES	Pierre shouts back , " Martin , he 's a scientist . "
te	PAST	McBride won the first hand , and pulled in just short of a hundred pounds .
te	PAST	A shiver tingled along my nerve endings .
te	PRES	" And that freaks you out a little ? "
te	PRES	Besides , I wager he 's very skilled with his blade . "
te	PAST	Logan furrowed his brow in thought .
te	PAST	The only injuries sustained were from friendly fire or moments of panic . "
te	PRES	She nods , hopping off the counter , and I drape my arm around her back to hold her steady .
te	PAST	The meat sizzled and Paul coated it liberally with some garlicky kind of sauce .
te	PRES	I admire the desire but you went too far . "
te	PRES	" This sucks . "
te	PRES	You - " " Okay , I 'm going to have to stop you there , Amara . "
te	PAST	Tears shimmered in his beautiful eyes .
te	PAST	" I stole it , " he confessed .
te	PRES	Timothy desperately gasps for air , as Marcus 's head pops up near him .
te	PAST	Again the crowd roared , equally as loud as before .
te	PRES	He then walks back upstairs to the party and approaches Scott , who 's talking to a couple , John and Nicole .
te	PRES	" But I gather we aren 't making any wedding announcements soon . "
te	PAST	I sympathized with and partly understood them , but I was unformed in mind ; I was dependent on none and related to none .
te	PAST	Chase thrust again , and she felt him to be all the way in then .
te	PAST	Patti confirmed that she had a file of photographs of all Lane 's men stretching back through the four years that she had occupied the Majestic apartment .
te	PAST	Diana admired his ability in the home improvement department , and Colby knew he occasionally gave in to the urge to show off .
te	PRES	I despised the talk but felt helpless , yet also knew now that it was worthless talking to someone who I believed had caused this all .
te	PAST	My eyes skimmed through a few grocery ads before stopping at an official letter from the Dean 's Office .
te	PRES	" Is this where you 've been living all this time , Zarah ? "
te	PRES	He forces me back to his eyes with a stronger grip .
te	PAST	They likely deserved it ; however ... a little excessive , wouldn 't you agree ? "
te	PAST	He tested one near the edge , then picked it up .
te	PRES	He gathers all his energies .
te	PRES	I stumble some and crash into a china hutch .
te	PRES	She sits on the bed next to me as I 'm writing in my notebook .
te	PAST	I spotted the activation switches .
te	PAST	Her long hair cascaded over her shoulder as she played dress up with her wedding finery .
te	PAST	Nothing existed beyond this moment .
te	PAST	She tapped her chin with one bloody fingernail .
te	PRES	One evening the earth shakes for a couple of hours ; the sky roars .
te	PRES	Life just sucks ! "
te	PAST	As silently as she could , she tiptoed over the dusty floor toward the stairs .
te	PRES	This drives them to a degree of rashness that is not to be found among the elves .
te	PRES	She tilts her head , evaluating me .
te	PRES	" Is that what you want , Jeremy ? "
te	PRES	" As in Oak Hollow here ? "
te	PRES	Simone nods and starts quickly tapping away at her tablet again .
te	PAST	The thought occurred to her that his shoulders were definitely wide enough and strong enough to give her a place to cry out her fears .
te	PRES	" Identify yourselves . "
te	PRES	And that I 'll be back whenever . "
te	PRES	It hurts not only the individual but the entire community , creates strife and discord .
te	PAST	I sprang to my feet and swung , hitting him hard upside the head with the metal bedpan .
te	PAST	His smile charmed me .
te	PRES	And she knelt before the great tree and was enveloped by the glow of Ahriman and the child came bleeding , and they all rejoiced .
te	PAST	Then I remind myself that dreams are something you wake up from . "
te	PAST	I packed only enough for two , and for only three days .
te	PAST	Which confirmed what he already knew .
te	PRES	" We mourn the loss of thousands of precious lives , but I will not rejoice in the death of one , not even an enemy .
te	PRES	Kinda twists and turns , but that 's how everything is now .
te	PRES	" Dr. Quinn ? "
te	PAST	Feeling the pain shooting up her wrists , Cami unfurled her hands , which had fisted tight enough to crush bone .
te	PRES	I pry the piece of paper out of her hand and open it up .
te	PRES	He extends a hand , and I take it , letting his fingers lace comfortably through mine .
te	PRES	Max continues with his accent and places her hands in his .
te	PAST	He packed some serious guns under his hard-ass exterior .
te	PAST	Following another pause , Lucas elaborated .
te	PAST	She tottered over to the pitcher and poured the pungent fluid into a cup .
te	PRES	Because I sort of feel nothing but regret .
te	PAST	The guarded bellowed out , " That is impossible . "
te	PAST	He signaled a soldier to open the door .
te	PAST	" Yep , I 've been a Muslim since I was eighteen , " Alejo confirmed dryly , wondering where his father was going with this .
te	PAST	They withered before reaching her .
te	PAST	" Yes , " Simon barked .
te	PRES	But ... now he disguised himself as well .
te	PAST	From the feel of it , I guessed it was , ironically , my Barcelona tee .
te	PAST	After only about two lessons on how to hold the reins and direct a horse they saddled up and hopped on , never to hop off again .
te	PRES	Leaving the dolphin , I swam back to the beach and pulled on my clothes .
te	PAST	Too late he realised that this was some other boat .
te	PAST	I recognised a few faces and could almost put names to a few others but most of the robes cloaked grey featureless paper dolls .
te	PAST	Then he tapped Kelly 's knee and shook his head .
te	PRES	I refuse to sleep with a Yankees fan . "
te	PRES	Especial y if the Templars had enough foolish pride in their own abilities to believe there was little true peril .
te	PRES	' The import , methinks , doth rest upon him who shall confront me at the battle 's height .
te	PAST	" No problem , I have what you requested .
te	PRES	" Make him stop , Elena ; he 's only doing more harm .
te	PRES	It hurts , hurts to be thought of in this way .
te	PRES	True happiness only requires a minute a day .
te	PRES	" Blasphemy , " Carter replies .
te	PRES	He leapt forward and managed to grab hold of Robert again as the ground beneath him began to open up .
te	PAST	Jake mounted it , placing feet on both armrests and pushed a finger in the water .
te	PRES	Then , as quickly as my anger appeared , it vanished .
te	PRES	Vasile depends upon them heavily to be a better hunter .
te	PAST	Jeremy 's voice trailed from out front .
te	PRES	She twists your thoughts and uses what she can until it 's gone . "
te	PRES	The house war , therefore , becomes of paramount importance . "
te	PRES	" And Manuel ? "
te	PAST	The suction of her lips , the slippery glide of her tongue over and over his shaft , the complete rightness of the moment overwhelmed him .
te	PRES	" Hot beef in the name of peace , " I murmured , then hustled across the street to my ride , a boxy orange Volvo .
te	PRES	His heart leapt as he surged into her again , sliding against her most sensitive spot .
te	PRES	The woman walks into her office and takes a seat at her desk , nodding to the chairs in front of her .
te	PAST	And then he stroked that hard little button where every nerve ending centered .
te	PAST	She fumbled around on the counter in front of her for the mobile phone , afraid to take her eyes off of the intruder .
te	PRES	She gathers our mostly full cups and dumps the tea down the drain .
te	PAST	' Because she was depressed .
te	PAST	The guilt in Kylie 's chest doubled , but this time she couldn 't stop herself from looking over the woman 's shoulder at Derek .
te	PAST	And it only pissed him off more when they all laughed at him .
te	PRES	" You dork . "
te	PRES	Maddy leans close to me and begins to whisper , even though we 're alone .
te	PRES	He even sometimes stays at the greenhouse overnight .
te	PAST	Identical Kincaid chins jacked up .
te	PAST	The walls were concrete , the floor dominated by blue gymnastics mats .
te	PAST	After the house fell silent and the echo of Phillip 's car had died down , Beverly finally roused herself .
te	PAST	I owed the handsome young man so much more than I was willing to admit .
te	PRES	She even manages a tight smile .
te	PRES	Lucius accepted the scroll tentatively , his eyes scanning the text until he found where she 'd left off . " ?
te	PAST	Quack plugged the machine back in .
te	PAST	It creaked , and the light fixtures fell , exploding the gas lines .
te	PRES	" Oh god , Brynn , I have to have you , " he groans .
te	PAST	He whistled it softly as he got into his car .
te	PRES	She knelt awkwardly to retrieve it .
te	PAST	Gio swore he 'd never return here . "
te	PRES	" They still deserve food ! "
te	PAST	You 're already pissed , he retorted .
te	PAST	Hannah 's heart thumped in her chest and she couldn 't wipe the smile off her face .
te	PRES	" Lock boxes ? "
te	PAST	My heels clicked on the concrete floors .
te	PRES	I peer over the edge of the gondola and see that the anchor is buried under a pile of healthy grass .
te	PAST	" Oh , Sloane darling it 's been forever .
te	PRES	Warmth spreads through my chest because he 's completely right .
te	PAST	Blood dripped from his hands .
te	PAST	It tingled , traveling into her wrist then up into her shoulder , zapping the spot square between her shoulder blades .
te	PAST	She licked her lips .
te	PRES	I dodge out into the Northwest tunnel to see the soldiers coming , fronted by the General .
te	PRES	Everyone scattered , splitting into smaller groups as we moved off the road and into the uneven terrain .
te	PAST	He unlocked the collar at her throat while she watched him with narrow eyes .
te	PRES	The curves and edges of the bodies emerge .
te	PAST	She easily isolated the angry red energy strands weaving through his etheric body .
te	PRES	" I gather she wishes to marry her off . "
te	PAST	" We tread softly here .
te	PAST	" I don 't like it , " Cameron declared .
te	PRES	Your dad and I have had a few dinners together , a few walks on the beach , a few conversations about our lives .
te	PRES	' I guess , ' I mumble .
te	PAST	The Elder retained full control of my movements .
te	PRES	' What kind of criminals ? '
te	PAST	Chapter Seven A sharp knock on my door woke me out of my restless sleep .
te	PRES	" Regardless , it is about to go critical and we still have people aboard , " Blade replies .
te	PRES	What he witnessed appalled him .
te	PAST	If not for the love she felt for her best friend , she probably would 've resented the fact that Joe preferred her .
te	PRES	Lark grabs my arm as I move toward the artery , and I look at her .
te	PAST	Heavy panting crept closer stalked by the constant crunching of gravel .
te	PRES	' Do any of you have hurts ? '
te	PRES	Melita knelt down on one knee in front of the African-American woman .
te	PAST	" Jane Engle said the same thing , " I recalled belatedly .
te	PAST	She clung to the woman 's forearms in the dark .
te	PRES	" But not for our kind , My Queen .
te	PRES	Serena shifts , glancing at her trident .
te	PRES	The grasshopper finally leapt across my desk toward the window sill , George two leaps behind .
te	PRES	He leapt away and struggled to wrest his sword from its scabbard .
te	PAST	She steeled her resolve .
te	PAST	Horrible as it sounded , excitement pulsed through me .
te	PAST	Outside the tent , His Majesty 's wheeled cart creaked ; hooves crunched in gravel ; footsteps tramped .
te	PRES	His powers include a great proficiency with all forms of martial arts and -- " " Let me guess -- he 's white , right ? "
te	PRES	Now , I refuse to let you go .
te	PRES	" You wan na make a run for it and see if they can keep up ? "
te	PRES	" And I 've never wanted you to go , " he replies .
te	PRES	" You 've got a lot to deal with yourself , Max , " Mr. Kent shakes his head .
te	PAST	" Jesus Christ , " Tegan hissed from nearby .
te	PRES	You deserve nothing less . "
te	PRES	She leapt off the sofa , away from him .
te	PRES	" Every single thread that connects everything to everything else .
te	PRES	My dad sits down on the foot of the bed .
te	PRES	He swam to the raft and laid the skull up on the logs .
te	PRES	" Black double doors ? "
te	PAST	Fintan pinged his bracelet .
te	PAST	They glittered like bits of starlight on a black velvet sky .
te	PRES	" But ... you 're my client . "
te	PRES	" Interesting approach . "
te	PAST	Outside the palisade the bodies mounted .
te	PAST	" Maybe you 're not excited enough , " she retorted .
te	PAST	It twitched and then smoked .
te	PRES	" Am I annoying you , Lord Dragon ? "
te	PRES	" What about the other trucks ? "
te	PRES	The image commanding his attention ... piercing his very being .
te	PAST	Katherine 's faint smile gleamed in the darkness .
te	PRES	Nixon tilted back the bottle of whiskey and took two giant swallows , his face impassive as if he was drinking water .
te	PRES	" Just wondering if she was the type to blackmail someone , Doc .
te	PRES	Dane appears to be a little down this morning .
te	PAST	He knelt and began to wedge out the worst of the rotten sections with the claw of the hammer .
te	PRES	" With threats and promises to kill Merit if we didn 't cooperate . "
te	PRES	Blake walks around the side of the van and looks past the driver 's head to address the passengers .
te	PRES	" And totally awesome , of course . "
te	PAST	" It isn 't for the best , " he argued .
te	PRES	Skyla walks from room to room whispering a steady choir of no , no , no .
te	PAST	1863 Alfred departed Monday .
te	PRES	He squints at me through the gloom , his eyes bloodshot and unfocused .
te	PRES	" The Crew keeps her supplied . "
te	PRES	" Of course not , " Cal manages .
te	PRES	Then , the co-pilot radios back in a serious voice , " Hold it . "
te	PAST	Show me what you like , " he coaxed .
te	PRES	By your rules , it only counts if I lose .
te	PAST	Amusement glittered in his eyes , but he shook his head slowly .
te	PRES	" Thanks Signor Beppe .
te	PAST	At first , it just earned a few raised hairs .
te	PRES	I demand that you open up ! '
te	PAST	When I was working yesterday , I overheard a conversation between Geoffrey and Stan .
te	PAST	" Ok , give me a moment while I check my records , " she sifted through the patient records on her desk .
te	PRES	Lennox sits next to me , a grin plastered on his face .
te	PAST	Gregor cracked a smile .
te	PRES	He kisses me on the forehead again and his thumbs brush delicately over my cheekbones .
te	PRES	Plutarch nods to Cressida , who consults a clipboard .
te	PRES	" What feathers ? "
te	PRES	Nicole just shakes her head .
te	PAST	I hissed , my cheeks burning .
te	PRES	The bite hurts as well , and I shouldn 't have exacerbated it , but Mary , the idea that we might finally make some progress ?
te	PAST	" You must be hungry , " he remarked when they returned to the parlor .
te	PAST	5 Chief Stacy banged on the door first thing the next morning .
te	PRES	" My dad owns it .
te	PRES	Certainly a select company , not likely to amuse any gentleman in search of crime or low comedy .
te	PRES	" It appears I 've just discovered one of your indulgences .
te	PRES	He smells my fear .
te	PRES	" Really , anything you say , Anthony . "
te	PRES	The good old Baroda Calypso mark III , or as I affectionately named her : Chieftains Desire . "
te	PRES	Sam cuts her off before Sarah says something he won 't be able to overlook .
te	PRES	Her face becomes serious .
te	PAST	He crept down to the first floor , and made his way along the hallway towards the darkened front room .
te	PRES	Wiping my eyes , I activate the comm and enter the code for funeral services .
te	PAST	" Kiss me again , " I instruct him , wrapping my arms around his neck .
te	PRES	" He teases you ? "
te	PAST	I shrug , maintaining his gaze as I walk back to the bed and hand him the book .
te	PAST	Sara and Jackie chatted near the corner .
te	PRES	" A bank account in the name of a robot ? "
te	PRES	Mars awaits , too .
te	PRES	" That depends on what you want ? "
te	PAST	A moment of tension crept in , but I shook it away .
te	PAST	Darnell overheard Jiao 's command .
te	PRES	It was thick with poisonous , noxious gas , a toxic combination of evil and hatred that threatened to choke her .
te	PAST	When he reached me , the back of his hand trailed down my cheek .
te	PAST	She eased the man out of her arms and he fell limply to the floor .
te	PRES	Walk away without a flare of the melodramatic .
te	PRES	Such a little prude . "
te	PAST	His eyebrows furrowed , and Renna reached up to smooth away the wrinkle .
te	PAST	The heroic pair apologised with their faces and wandered round to the main vault .
te	PAST	The downstairs consisted of a longish living room and dining area and the kitchen .
te	PAST	Her mom fol owed her lead and lay back .
te	PAST	Her cheeks gained a pink , rosy tint against the flawless cream of her oval face .
te	PAST	He almost choked on the word .
te	PAST	His eyebrows twitched , and his eyes flashed angrily , but nothing else moved .
te	PRES	Chapter 6 It did not take long for Chase to find his quarry in the orange groves .
te	PRES	" Oh , that was ... tense .
te	PAST	It wrinkled in her hands and she loosened the string .
te	PAST	" I 'm quitting , " he declared .
te	PRES	" The sooner the better .
te	PRES	" The Middle Ages ? "
te	PAST	Slowly he stilled , became silent .
te	PRES	It connects the bar area to the hotel Ethernet backbone . "
te	PRES	He shakes his head and raises his hands palms out in defeat .
te	PAST	" That dress is adorable on you , " Alice cooed .
te	PAST	Julian asked , his brow furrowed with worry .
te	PRES	We exchange our sorrowful smiles .
te	PAST	He captured both and pressed a kiss into each palm as desire punched low and hard , taking his breath .
te	PAST	Landed face down , blood sealed hole .
te	PAST	She laced her fingers through his and followed him down the spiral stairs .
te	PAST	I owed her that at least . "
te	PAST	And then the burning eased , little by little , cooling as did the baking desert under a soft fall of rain .
te	PAST	" With a beat-up pick-up truck who wears the same pair of overalls every day , " I concluded .
te	PRES	That smells of an interest in politics ! "
te	PRES	" Strawberry milkshake ... ? "
te	PRES	" Yes , Papa ... " " Listen Papa !
te	PRES	Closely watching a crystal display that illuminated red .
te	PRES	He knelt beside me .
te	PRES	It prevents them from changing forms .
te	PAST	She tested some movement and miraculously , she actually felt fine .
te	PRES	Emma shouts down the hallway .
te	PAST	He tapped on the door and was beckoned to enter .
te	PAST	His eyes pleaded with me to stop fighting him , but I couldn 't .
te	PRES	" Let go of me , you bastards ! "
te	PAST	A pain ripped through his throat as if he hadn 't drank anything in months .
te	PRES	You deserve admiration ; you deserve the gifts of the people 's devotion , too .
te	PRES	" But the cuts ... " " Same deal .
te	PAST	My heels clicked on the floor , a steady echo that kept me company .
te	PRES	" Fuck , " I groan .
te	PRES	It drives me crazy .
te	PAST	They chatted about the old days when Preston was still in uniform .
te	PAST	Deckard crept over swiftly and looked at the skylight .
te	PRES	Julienne leans away from the table .
te	PRES	She hangs up and I 'm left wondering how she knows that .
te	PAST	" Not all humans are evil , " I protested .
te	PAST	I panted and slapped at my scales , fearing the flames were still upon me or that the hundreds of crawling legs would return .
te	PRES	" Are you mistreated , Hester ? "
te	PAST	* * * We decided to go ahead on to the zoo even though what we were all feeling weighed on us .
te	PRES	Beside Elijah , Danny shifts in his seat and signals to the flight attendant for another Diet Coke .
te	PAST	Sunshine shivered as he nibbled the pastry , then he moved to kiss her lips .
te	PRES	Adelaide hesitates , climbs out of bed and runs over to Jack .
te	PRES	" Hey , Sean , " Kayla greets me when I got to the counter .
te	PAST	He roared in anger and lunged at her .
te	PAST	Jake had obviously stashed them here as weapons , but the women only saw them as treasures .
te	PAST	" It 's darker than I 'd expect , " she remarked at one point .
te	PAST	" Mmm , " she purred as his lean , hard body took her on the beginning of what she hoped would be a very sensual ride .
te	PRES	Holly laughs as he puts it down beside me .
te	PRES	A space heater groans from the corner of the break room .
te	PRES	The Official erupts with a stream of vicious curse words ; a dagger attacks his shoulder , his chest , his arm .
te	PRES	Pierce puts his arms up to defend himself as Nate steps forward and wraps his arms around her , hemming her in and then pulling her away .
te	PAST	Where exactly ... " My words trailed off as the ground started swaying .
te	PAST	" That 's true , men , as a whole , are our private little joke , " Scarlett confirmed cynically .
te	PRES	Ladies dressed in the finest silk and lace , their gems sparkling beneath the thousands of candles that filled three massive chandeliers .
te	PRES	The hardware store keeps us busy .
te	PAST	Franz unlocked the second door to the left and they went inside .
te	PRES	" Kind of sad , Maddie .
te	PRES	He barks a sharp , humourless laugh , and then looks down at me through cold blue eyes .
te	PRES	The rain streaks down his face and pools in his wounds .
te	PRES	An ache springs up because I know what it means .
te	PRES	Well , not the ones with the calling cards . "
te	PRES	It hopes to capture the paradigm of the age .
te	PAST	The only girl she adored more than anything in this world .
te	PAST	My body bowed and shuddered as he teased the spark inside me into a raging fire , one exquisite kiss at a time .
te	PAST	He earned points by saying that .
te	PRES	" This conversation grows tiresome . "
te	PAST	Not a trace of sunlight crept inside her home .
te	PRES	When I realize she just said my line , my lips separate from hers and I look over at the officiant .
te	PRES	" Maybe a hairline fracture .
te	PAST	Believe me , I obsessed over it .
te	PRES	Through the thinning mist along the wall of his loft , Rift spots a fairy bobbing along an uncertain path .
te	PRES	She claps her hands .
te	PRES	Then , carefully , I peer out my door .
te	PAST	Only fifty-two nations signed that treaty .
te	PRES	Because the Council was a moving target , the algorithm coordinated this entire process as well .
te	PRES	This Neanderthal treating you right ? "
te	PAST	She recalled her father mentioning something about recommending retirement homes .
te	PAST	In the morning , I gulped water , hard tack and then sought Tegan in the field .
te	PRES	She nods her understanding and a wistful expression clouds her eyes .
te	PRES	Surprise only shows in his eyes for a split second before he covers it with a smile .
te	PAST	I argued as she dropped her shorts to the ground .
te	PRES	The man who loves travel and danger suddenly chooses the Hamptons .
te	PAST	The simple biscuit tasted far better than he would have expected and he found himself thinking of home with a sudden longing .
te	PAST	The young man gulped and nodded .
te	PAST	Iris bolted in front of Lucas and spread her fingers wide , crossing her arms near her chest with her palms facing outward .
te	PRES	He nods and gives me a smile .
te	PAST	The smell of sizzling meat overwhelmed the air , and the TVs over the bar blared the day 's sports highlights .
te	PAST	It occurred to me then that he might be wondering , but feeling too shy to ask .
te	PAST	Withdrawing , his right eyebrow twitched , and his face wore abhorrence .
te	PAST	" I overheard him talking to his assistant about a conspiratorial meeting and then he said -- " The female assistant jumps up .
te	PAST	Smiling , Tara flopped back on her bed .
te	PAST	Elves directed the companions to another home where they were able to take baths and get clean clothes .
te	PRES	Her vanilla scent floods my body and I can 't help it , I brush my lips across the side of her head .
te	PAST	They kidnapped the parents , destroyed your cameras , and infiltrated your lab . "
te	PRES	He grabs his jacket .
te	PAST	The thought of asking Daniel to come for a second opinion occurred to me , but in the end , I decided against it .
te	PAST	His golden eyes shimmered as he smiled .
te	PRES	' No , you ain 't . '
te	PAST	Lips so glossed they looked like an oil slick .
te	PRES	He motions at my body .
te	PRES	She checks the amount of the slight medication .
te	PRES	His hand pulled my hair back gently , a motion so tender it made my heart beat a million times an hour .
te	PRES	Several witnesses claim they saw his young , muscular body writhe between the tires .
te	PAST	The carriage eased to a stop in the street in front of her .
te	PRES	" We could use a department store , " Francesca replies .
te	PAST	I alternated looking at the camera and at the giant , but he wasn 't an elemental , so he didn 't sense me using my magic .
te	PRES	She swallows and I can hear it in the silence of the room .
te	PAST	Her stomach roiled just thinking of those phrases he 'd given her .
te	PRES	It even smells like one .
te	PRES	Chapter Eight Nina " Oh my God !
te	PRES	The tunnel definitely continues .
te	PRES	So , she kicks me , hard enough to make me yelp .
te	PRES	I glance over to find Jase still studying her too , his expression impassive .
te	PAST	However , Bradford guessed that Sven 's attorneys were telling them that they could stop him , especially if they discovered fraud on the Cabo casino project .
te	PAST	" May the Lord bless ya , " McDougal panted as he flopped down on the oak flooring of the car .
te	PAST	Quickly , he punched in the code on the alarm panel next to the door .
te	PRES	Educating and tending to a child becomes more difficult . "
te	PRES	Knox nods , " Yup .
te	PRES	" What about his pet snake ?
te	PAST	You Bastard kicked him .
te	PAST	Or just how much she wished she could give him everything he so rightfully deserved .
te	PRES	" It appears she was right ! "
te	PRES	" Joe Carter weighs 250 pounds .
te	PRES	I smirk at Sam .
te	PRES	Damn them , she thought , the smile fierce now , damn them all .
te	PRES	Painter asked , his heart pounding harder .
te	PRES	Jase puts his thumb under my chin and tips it up .
te	PAST	What she saw , however , sickened her .
te	PRES	" As recent events would indicate . "
te	PRES	Gabriel sits beside me , placing his arm around me .
te	PAST	A dark shape stirred at the threshold .
te	PAST	A beam of light disrupted my plan of hibernation , sweeping across the walls , landing on my gold sandals .
te	PAST	" They popped Federer 's helmet off so they could watch him die , " he snarled .
te	PAST	In the distance he glimpsed his companions riding , and as he charged after them he screamed .
te	PRES	Eating it keeps me from passing out .
te	PAST	Her dress plastered every phenomenal curve .
te	PRES	The other cop readied himself to attack me with his sword but Zena spoke up , " He saved me , you idiots . "
te	PAST	We ... need ... condom , " Liza panted .
te	PAST	Luke unlocked the door for them .
te	PAST	The two objects collided in midair .
te	PRES	A dangerous pulse beats through my veins .
te	PRES	He swam to the shore and followed Udall .
te	PAST	Janet and Hunter quietly chatted about a few things when Betty suddenly sat up .
te	PRES	He rubs his eyes , exhausted .
te	PRES	Savannah clamps her mouth shut as Adam stares in a Mexican stand-off with her .
te	PRES	" God , it smells good in here . "
te	PRES	" What about the demons ? "
te	PAST	Today always makes me sad , " she argued .
te	PAST	Once inside , checking his windows and doors were secure , he retired to a small room between his bedchamber and personal library .
te	PAST	The pain filled scream stirred the crowd as they shouted for more bloodshed .
te	PAST	Alex drank his tea slowly , looking at the people in the room .
te	PRES	Isaac urges me , still anxious about getting on the road and maybe a little tired of all the obstacles being thrown in our path .
te	PAST	' He 's not the Police , ' Baldy hissed to the others ' What do you mean ? '
te	PRES	He keeps stealing my chocolate . "
te	PAST	The air tasted of mould .
te	PAST	His heartbeat flickered across a screen in a pattern that even I could tell indicated he was a mess .
te	PAST	" You 're a dangerous woman , Miss Benson , " Adam quipped .
te	PAST	" The bedroom is finally finished , " she declared .
te	PAST	" No , wait , keep the door open , " Zinnia panted .
te	PAST	As her partner backed away , Maryellen fussed with the drape of the fabric .
te	PRES	A gust of air hits me , wrapping around my throat like a hand .
te	PRES	Donald chases after them like a game of tag .
te	PAST	He yearned for a sense of normalcy beyond the stifling walls of the palace .
te	PRES	Any scientific expedition to the Arctic expects plenty of risk .
te	PRES	I uh , got it for her and paid the deposit and everything .
te	PRES	Faerie grows stronger on the belief of mortals , so we will give them ourselves to believe in . "
te	PRES	Or , if madam prefers something else ... ? "
te	PRES	I refuse to break down in front of this woman .
te	PAST	No smile lined his lips .
te	PAST	I packed up my stuff and got up clumsily as I was still sore and my legs had fallen asleep as I sat for so long .
te	PRES	Marie grabs a pillow to muffle a sob , and with her face pressed against it , she smells Mike .
te	PAST	Some sixty Hunters lined the edge of the clearing .
te	PAST	The words only existed for so long as they were on the screen , vulnerable , waiting to be printed or struck .
te	PAST	Bax bounded over the gap to where they awaited him .
te	PRES	They 're completely different , " Asher retorts with hate in his eyes that 's entirely directed at his brother .
te	PRES	" Trust me , " she said , urgent .
te	PAST	They also thwarted certain debt restructures that nations in the region were offering to solve the crisis .
te	PAST	" You 'll have to ask Dragos , " Murdock sputtered through a split lip and swelling jaw .
te	PAST	But she quickly recovered her composure and motioned toward the two guards .
te	PRES	" I pray when I 'm up at night , too .
te	PAST	He angled her an amused look , raising an eyebrow as he wrapped the ties around his hips .
te	PAST	Emily heaved a sigh .
te	PAST	He slammed the door and shuffled forward along the road , his head bent forward , his shoulders slumped .
te	PAST	Trying to remember what she 'd done to hurt her head , she recalled arguing with Ashton before everything went black .
te	PRES	" He stays each night . "
te	PAST	She stuttered out a yes .
te	PRES	" What about the babies ? "
te	PRES	The stone sparkles an iridescent blue .
te	PAST	My foot bumped the edge of something hard in the middle of the room .
te	PAST	Up close , it towered above us and was easily four stories high .
te	PAST	Isaac guessed the idea had originated with Keith , but he was curious to know why she 'd gone along with it .
te	PAST	Its warmth sickened her , making her clench her grip around her scythe all the tighter .
te	PRES	" Well , it appears this note is for you , John . "
te	PRES	Every now and then , it just hits me .
te	PRES	If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions .
te	PAST	Garrett directed her down a side street and pointed out the glass exterior to the Joffrey Ballet .
te	PRES	Victoria watches the scene carefully , but now the two are wrapped by a cocoon of light hiding them completely .
te	PAST	He chucked from somewhere above her .
te	PAST	he quickly blurted it out .
te	PRES	" Wouldn 't be the first time you 've caused mental and physical harm . "
te	PAST	Apart from their waving in the gentle breeze , not a single motion stirred the stagnation on board the vessel .
te	PAST	He almost swooned with pain because it felt like he had been hit with steel .
te	PAST	They oozed and burned and - worse - itched .
te	PAST	His cool lips brush across mine , causing an electrical surge throughout my entire being .
te	PAST	Turns out my experience qualified me for a Florida P. I. license .
te	PAST	Lisa directed the question to Susannah .
te	PAST	I overheard you say that you fight only to survive .
te	PRES	Tamara grabs me by the arm and pulls me to a stop .
te	PRES	" Yep , not too far from aunt Sarah and uncle Joshua .
te	PAST	Too tired for conversation , each flopped onto her bed and opened her laptop .
te	PAST	She turns to me , laughter stilled .
te	PAST	" I was one of the coordinators , " I elaborated .
te	PRES	Nobody chooses their fate when they get involved with dark beings .
te	PRES	A small scale , slightly , stinging attack on the skin that excited it to respond with defensive elements of the body .
te	PAST	The ape departed , quiet as a mouse .
te	PRES	Feeling that I might need some time to myself , Mark excused himself and went to get some boxes .
te	PRES	And sitting in the middle of it , altogether unexpected , his broad back as motionless as stone , her darling Darling .
te	PRES	' It still hurts me Duncan and always will .
te	PAST	" But that 's what we 're paying him for , " Kyle snarled .
te	PAST	Emily leveled a warm smile at him .
te	PRES	" Difficult to quantify what constitutes irrational behavior in a mate , " Baldwin observes aloud .
te	PAST	After more thought , I recalled the looks of recognition between the Mob Guy and Skinhead .
te	PAST	43 The sky echoed , trembling to the might of our power .
te	PAST	I directed my eyes toward Natalie .
te	PAST	Josh 's words seared my brain , and I could hardly focus on placing one foot in front of the other as I followed Sawyer .
te	PAST	Maynard recounted a few things to fill in for Bert , but remained reluctant to tell everything he remembered .
te	PAST	The cat face twitched as the emotions churned inside him .
te	PRES	Over time , it hurts a little less .
te	PRES	The lights build and build .
te	PRES	Bones in his fingers pop as they become disjointed , then meld back together .
te	PRES	Marcus just shakes his head , " We can 't get involved . "
te	PAST	She protested more for the thought of standing still , then from the pain .
te	PRES	He greets my mother while my mood worsens on the inside .
te	PRES	" It appears that whoever broke into your suite took intimate apparel .
te	PRES	I lapsed into a waking dream .
te	PRES	He walks right into a twisted tree and falls .
te	PRES	" Good afternoon , Lord Montrose .
te	PAST	I roared , pulling back my fist to hit him again .
te	PRES	" Protecting somebody . "
te	PRES	With a sharp click the blade vanished back into Jem 's cane .
te	PAST	As darkness descended and Henry sank into the jungle 's final and eternal embrace , a smile formed on his lips .
te	PRES	I grasp onto Alex as my feet dangle into the bottomless hole .
te	PAST	Those frightened eyes came back to me and I grinned then moved forward and began some cutting of my own .
te	PAST	He knelt and held out his hand , and Gabriel came over to sniff for more bacon .
te	PRES	Mitch laughs , and Becca gives me a wave .
te	PRES	And his scumbag buddies ?
te	PRES	The bulbous tops of the tentacles reared back , revealing coiling snake heads that struck with brutal speed .
te	PRES	To a club Horse owns . "
te	PAST	" The second guy doesn 't want to , " she observed .
te	PAST	" Don 't you dare , " Alice hissed .
te	PAST	" You argued with him didn 't you ? "
te	PAST	I thumped the note with a finger .
te	PRES	Finley puts his head down in shame .
te	PRES	" Who puts bacon on a hot dog ? "
te	PRES	" Mr. Quinn . "
te	PAST	Wren licked his lips .
te	PAST	The animal roared again .
te	PRES	The way he rubs his eyes shows the worry mixed with the anger .
te	PRES	It sparks in fiery red and yellow specs from the boiling surface of heated and hot radiation .
te	PRES	As he lay back in the warm water , he emptied his mind .
te	PAST	She experimented more with rising and falling , growing accustomed to easing herself to a stop and to keeping her body properly oriented .
te	PAST	He pressed firm against her frame , one hand cradled her head while the other rested intimately at the small of her back .
te	PAST	" I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to give your true name .
te	PRES	A lump appears in my throat .
te	PAST	He scooped me up in his arms , my feet almost leaving the ground .
te	PRES	She keeps black ink , loose broom straws and turpentine .
te	PAST	Ryland swore , a harsh , brutal string of words , venting his frustration .
te	PRES	Each luxury item costs additional job points per month .
te	PAST	My sister , once again , stunned me speechless .
te	PAST	She panted , whimpered , and cried out .
te	PAST	His dick twitched in his pants at the thought .
te	PRES	The clone kneels beside me , grinning .
te	PAST	In an instant , the golden ship hovered and then blasted away .
te	PRES	The one who was killed trying to stop Lilith in order to keep Fate on the right path for all of us . "
te	PRES	It squeals , then falls aside .
te	PRES	" When it starts tasting good . "
te	PAST	Amy blurted out , and her father gave her a sharp look .
te	PRES	" You and your mom better arm yourselves in the wagon for the night -- I 'll stay guard till morning . "
te	PAST	Gwen peeled back the black plastic and took out the most beautiful dress Lyssa had ever seen .
te	PRES	" No , I deserve to know .
te	PAST	His fingers stroked down her neck , making her pulse leap and her skin tingle .
te	PRES	Amusement laces his voice .
te	PAST	He always savored her .
te	PRES	Maggie peeled herself away and looked him in the eyes .
te	PAST	Rob 's blood still stained the snow .
te	PAST	" Ye take your bloody stallion and get out , " Cameron bellowed .
te	PRES	He knelt down and started shaking him .
te	PAST	You suffered a head injury .
te	PRES	" On it , Tess . "
te	PAST	The blades sliced through his arms , severing his hands and forearms from his body .
te	PAST	Melissa 's heels clicked on the sidewalk .
te	PRES	The gate swings a little underneath me , so I drop back to my feet and push the gate open .
te	PAST	I heaved a sigh of relief to see that nobody had followed me yet .
te	PAST	The knot itself didn 't look too hard to undo , but with my hands bound behind my back , undoing it was next to impossible .
te	PAST	Unfortunately the " glow " lacked the appeal of something beautiful as Debbie remained disconnected and somewhat bitter towards her husband .
te	PAST	I have a bad feeling about this , " she protested .
te	PRES	Its face displays absolutely nothing .
te	PAST	And he thrust into her .
te	PRES	Dr. Jess Cromwell 's research summary inside .
te	PRES	" Your fried chicken . "
te	PRES	Nathan even manages to work up a few more tears , and Slade zooms in for a close-up .
te	PRES	I demand , panic running like ice through my veins .
te	PAST	Unparalleled craving rocked through me , and I grabbed a handful of his shirt to keep from falling .
te	PAST	Ivy summoned her husband with a little flap of her hand .
te	PAST	She spotted him and broke into a wider smile .
te	PRES	My grandchildren adore them .
te	PRES	Her fears visibly melted and with a sigh he caught his love as she collapsed into his arms .
te	PRES	A crumpled bag of Lays chips in a cupboard with a handful of crumbs inside .
te	PRES	I stroll over to the plate .
te	PRES	Paddling strongly , he swam in circles mesmerised by the fish darting between his paws .
te	PRES	" Call me , Fergus , please . "
te	PRES	The rest of them scatter in terror ; diving into the bushes , flying away , and running across the grass .
te	PAST	" That would work best , " he confirmed .
te	PAST	" But child , he kidnapped you . "
te	PRES	Her head swam at the sight of luggage that cost more than what she made in a month .
te	PAST	My mind seared with agony ; my cries of anger and frustration stifled by the hand across my mouth .
te	PAST	Nevertheless , it angered Sky a little bit that she kept telling Max how uncertain she was at every important step of their journey .
te	PRES	His violence jolted through her , the jumble of reactions gripping her face and body all his to decipher now .
te	PAST	The security buzzer blared through the silence .
te	PAST	" Gorman could have shot me before the change , weakened me .
te	PAST	He unlocked the cell and opened the door .
te	PAST	My heart leapt for joy as I fondled with you .
te	PRES	" It smells like dead people .
te	PAST	And they drank this stuff ?
te	PAST	A heat stained her cheeks as Juliet belatedly recalled her frantic kisses over his bloody face .
te	PRES	Gabriel replied , his voice tense , " We Will stand with Father , of course .
te	PRES	She shakes her curls .
te	PRES	Cricket 's expression grows sly .
te	PAST	When the area became visible , he spotted the stranger looking directly at him .
te	PAST	Then he captured her other wrist , as if ensuring she wouldn 't try using that hand instead .
te	PRES	He bruised me and humiliated me .
te	PRES	his men , and his servants making sure everyone is fed , clothed . "
te	PAST	He blurted the question in his surprise , even though he was already certain of the answer .
te	PRES	Which I 'll do , before I escort you to your new master . "
te	PRES	I shudder to think about what will happen to them if they ever decide to stop taking it . "
te	PAST	A few people even bowed as they passed .
te	PAST	" Yep , " Avalon barely acknowledged me before making his exit .
te	PAST	Then , I recalled what else my grandmother had said about the person with the letter P in their name .
te	PAST	He fumbled with it , his eyes wide , as I brought the Beetle to life with a roar .
te	PAST	Elena leaned forward and tilted her head up , lips pursed slightly .
te	PAST	The queen tapped her nails with a rhythmic clicking sound , making me jump .
te	PAST	As he rose into the air , he shimmered into feathers and swooped away .
te	PAST	Nick recognised this part of the story for what it was intended to be -- a warning .
te	PAST	Her hair skimmed my chest , creating goose bumps .
te	PRES	I drained my juice , poured another glass , and opened the fridge to put the container back .
te	PRES	Kate shakes her head .
te	PRES	Bethany and Mitch proudly claim credit for having brought this couple together as a result of some timely advice to the bride to be .
te	PAST	Just as he had on the door , he tapped a small area of the floor twice and inserted his dagger .
te	PAST	After his encounter with the wrong end of the shotgun Kurt recovered well from his injuries , only to fall foul of the hospital .
te	PAST	His deep , throaty voice echoed off the walls .
te	PAST	Garrett hustled through the dining room , casting one last glance over his shoulder at Ethan as he went .
te	PAST	They gained eternal life from other people 's blood .
te	PRES	" It contains his writings .
te	PAST	The door creaked open .
te	PAST	He took it and as meticulously as she 'd ever seen anyone eat a mango , he slowly consumed .
te	PRES	My face contorted as I stood , taking a step back .
te	PRES	He shakes his head with no hesitancy .
te	PAST	Bitterness crept into her voice .
te	PAST	" I see you 're still hanging around that woman , " Zev observed .
te	PRES	" A student ID perhaps ? "
te	PRES	The truth hurts . "
te	PAST	For me , they flowed toward Cat , and for her , they flowed toward me .
te	PAST	She examined her nails .
te	PAST	I whacked him lightly on the chest .
te	PRES	While speaking with him , she had pulled out her pepper spray , gripping the small bottle in her hand , ready to use it if necessary .
te	PRES	On the internet . "
te	PAST	Angie mounted the white mare .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	Thus the Gatherings , the emphasis on constant cultural performances , etc. .
te	PRES	Charlotte raises her eyebrows .
te	PAST	When he heard the faint distant sound of an engine , he dogged out his fag and waited .
te	PAST	didn 't have a clue as to how to find you , " she argued .
te	PAST	Simon tottered to one of the windows and brushed away the curtain .
te	PRES	" She cares about everyone , " I mumble as the awkwardness between us rises .
te	PRES	And the greater the fight , the more ruthless the fighter .
te	PRES	' Lucky you , ' I imitated under my breath .
te	PRES	She leapt at me again .
te	PAST	Soon , the lines resumed their protective hum .
te	PRES	Seth nods , searching through the racks with a disgusted look on his face .
te	PAST	He stabbed another strawberry and brought it to her lips , watching as her pretty , white teeth bit down on the succulent fruit .
te	PRES	And then she leans forward and falls off the roof once again .
te	PAST	She loaded it in the cart and began wheeling it out of the store .
te	PAST	She complied with silent , trembling expectation .
te	PAST	Evie unlocked the padlock that secured the gate , and they stepped onto the floating dock , which bobbed gently on the water .
te	PRES	" No , but not from lack of trying .
te	PAST	Rob nearly spit out the mouthful of beer he 'd just sipped .
te	PAST	Damon cracked a booming laugh .
te	PAST	" Apologize , Nora , " directed Dad .
te	PAST	It consisted of chipping away at a piece of wood with a stone axe .
te	PAST	He sliced a piece off and gently fed it to her , even though the crowd was calling for them to get a little messier .
te	PRES	" But what of Keeley ? "
te	PRES	" Aye , and worse than that .
te	PAST	She spied Kelsey in the audience immediately .
te	PAST	The younger vampire 's lips twitched .
te	PRES	Someone shoves me from behind , and I nearly go sprawling to the ground .
te	PRES	" You wan na do it on the concrete ? "
te	PRES	Raffaele watches me with his small smile , his eyes bright with interest .
te	PAST	I crept around to the back door , retrieved the spare key under the mat , and unlocked the door .
te	PRES	But aren 't Sunday nights for family ? "
te	PAST	" Fuck that , I 'll take you to Night Shift .
te	PRES	" A werewolf ? "
te	PRES	She repressed the urge to laugh when she found the last , satisfying position and they lined up perfectly for her .
te	PAST	I sprawled on the ground in the room .
te	PAST	The trees near there reeked of their marks .
te	PRES	" It grows on you . "
te	PRES	" It will not , " she insists , bending over and stepping into the dress .
te	PAST	" You 're sinfully gorgeous in the morning , " he whispered in her ear , then nipped her ear lobe .
te	PRES	" Yes , Sire , " sits , nods , and grins Rann , when I wink at him .
te	PRES	" Yes , how cruel , " Maya agrees nervously .
te	PAST	Farther back sprawled a large , wood-paneled hot tub with an ice bucket resting in a black wrought-iron stand beside it .
te	PAST	He 's crazy , Gracey , crazy , " Officer Newell declared , looking at Gracey apologetically .
te	PAST	Beads of moisture formed on the can .
te	PAST	" I carefully looked over the recommendation sent when you were prescribed a stay here to help you learn to deal with the trauma you suffered .
te	PRES	" Well , I doubt you 'll be safe up there , " he shouts , disappearing from my line of vision .
te	PAST	' TAKE IT BACK ?
te	PAST	Mr. White feigned shock .
te	PRES	" Oh man , that sucks . "
te	PAST	Vanessa sprang at her , stabbing her with the other tiny dart .
te	PRES	" At least not according to my parents whenever the academy e-mails them my grades .
te	PRES	" One version of you does at least , " Benji replies .
te	PAST	She suffered through a shiver of revulsion , debating her options .
te	PRES	She kind of keeps to herself . "
te	PRES	The air smells greasy . "
te	PRES	He grows more uneasy over the idea of Cameron taking over his borders .
te	PAST	Natalie drank a cup of the most wonderfully aromatic tea and the sisters began to take their leave of their kind host .
te	PRES	Fred whistled and sidestepped out of the light .
te	PAST	I deemed there were always possibilities in many things .
te	PRES	" You didn , t believe in the gods , but you believed in the soul . "
te	PRES	He leans his head back and speaks toward the ceiling to no one in particular .
te	PAST	Chapter Ten Dank The soul standing beside me watched anxiously as the little boy standing over the soul 's former body cried loudly .
te	PAST	Just as hideous , consumed fully by the Flare , raging mad and injured head to toe .
te	PRES	He pauses , dropping his mouth open in a spasm of sarcasm .
te	PAST	Because of that , he stilled his anger , shoving it down deep where it would not show .
te	PAST	Maddie 's shriek trailed off and the toddler threw herself at Ava as soon as she reached the bed .
te	PAST	Adam strode into the intersection , oblivious to traffic .
te	PRES	Marissa leans back and frowns down at me .
te	PAST	Fire ripped through his gut , seeking an outlet .
te	PRES	" Blimey , whose that ?
te	PAST	" I overheard your argument with my son at the chamber of commerce banquet . "
te	PAST	Justin 's eyes darkened for a moment .
te	PAST	His arms and legs thickened , tearing through his clothes .
te	PRES	Anyone taller than you must be ... I mean ... uh , I like your height .
te	PRES	' Am I dreaming ? '
te	PAST	Their pelvic bones thrust against each other , clicking in rhythm with the clicking of the train wheels .
te	PAST	She huffed a sigh .
te	PAST	Frustration boiled through her .
te	PAST	Lights lined the narrow tunnel , carved earth with jagged holes winding ahead of them .
te	PAST	He strolled on , nodding to watchmen he knew , slapping others on the back , and trying not to get trapped in anyone " s gaze .
te	PAST	His mouth tasted of wine and him .
te	PAST	His subdued demeanor after an outburst frightened her more than the outburst .
te	PRES	" My darling . "
te	PRES	The woman was on him , thumbs digging into his temples , long fingers curling around his head .
te	PAST	Steam rimmed the broken shores , marking the spot where molten rock seeped into the icy waters .
te	PRES	No one expects a lawyer to talk about his clients . "
te	PAST	News items and rumors only affected stock values momentarily .
te	PRES	The hard lines of the metal blur .
te	PRES	Something tells me she spends a lot of time alone .
te	PRES	Realm sits up , resting his elbows on his bent knees as he lets the blood continue to run down his face .
te	PAST	I nearly choked on my water .
te	PRES	Then he hits a button on the underside of his desk .
te	PAST	My entire wardrobe consisted of black jeans , black T-shirts , and a selection of hoodies .
te	PRES	He pretends to be busy stacking chairs just like I am , but he 's astute and I know it .
te	PRES	A great white bird , as tall as he was , taller , willowy as a reed .
te	PRES	The algorithm coordinated their travel -- via discreet and different paths -- to their final location .
te	PRES	Stamp out them coals . "
te	PAST	He pitied her and wished he could help her , but didn 't know how .
te	PRES	The ocean actually serves to calm us down even if we 're nervous wrecks because of it .
te	PRES	She carried the doll through the castle , her eyes sparkling .
te	PRES	She walks forward and stands outside the opening to the lab and stared inside .
te	PRES	Then she knelt on her hearth , ladled the plate full , and brought me a meal such as I had not seen in years .
te	PAST	Heads swiveled to the doorway , and Domenico finally let himself relax at the familiar voice .
te	PRES	Smiles Tyr as a giant sword appears in his hand .
te	PAST	Overhead , a black bloom of mold stained the roof , marking an old leak .
te	PAST	He stroked her hair , and she smiled up at him .
te	PAST	Fade jogged alongside me and I remembered our desperate journey to Nassau down below .
te	PRES	" What about the retainer fee ? "
te	PRES	We shan 't lack water , and hunger - without thirst - isn 't too bad .
te	PRES	And if you can do that I will acknowledge you a genius , little brother ! "
te	PAST	I admired the fact that despite his hard upbringing , he had managed to keep his soul intact , unlike many of the other students .
te	PRES	But he keeps moving , slow but sure , following the path of the tunnel as it curves and dips ever lower .
te	PRES	" The Oxford Student ran an expose , " Natasha continues , " right before the board meeting .
te	PRES	And the light hurts my eyes .
te	PAST	For a moment , the air in the corner shimmered , then Todd materialized , charging forward with an upraised baseball bat .
te	PRES	And - " Irish ! "
te	PAST	My heart doubled its beat .
te	PAST	He deserved whatever they threw at him . "
te	PRES	It drives his uptight ass crazy , but he 's never said a word to anybody .
te	PAST	She hissed , and he pulled back , frightened , before she grabbed his hand and led him off to another part of the room to dance .
te	PRES	" Now that hurts . "
te	PRES	Within the keep you see a maze of corridors and an evil voice laughs in your minds .
te	PAST	Vladimir 's hand hovered over Phoebe 's face and Sasha watched in horror as that same hand covered her nose and mouth .
te	PRES	Just double-checking , " she replies , looking up at me .
te	PAST	" Don 't give me that , " The Reaper retorted .
te	PRES	And gag him . "
te	PAST	Vin tapped her finger against the windowsill , frowning as she tried to decide if the information was useful .
te	PRES	He checks his watch .
te	PRES	Max pauses and looks at Mr. Kent .
te	PRES	I groan long and loud .
te	PAST	Scotty deserved to celebrate his achievement , no matter how Alex felt about his own playing .
te	PAST	The warrior signaled me to take the door on the left as he slowly opened the door to the right .
te	PRES	He puts the cap back on the bottle .
te	PRES	" A Druid awaits you in the future .
te	PAST	Once through , he panted like he wanted us to follow .
te	PRES	He shifts himself so that he is stretched out over me as if doing a push up , before I register his movement .
te	PRES	( When she finishes passing out the butterflies , she walks back onto the stage and places the microphone back into the stand . )
te	PRES	Tammie shakes her head .
te	PAST	My wolf snarled , but I couldn 't see her .
te	PRES	" We issue three thousand units a day .
te	PAST	When she was naked , he drank her in .
te	PRES	" He scares me , Peter .
te	PRES	Serpentine roads , well-kept flowerbeds of indefinite shapes , benches with curved backs ... Around the park , there were people in hospital gowns .
te	PAST	Cora tested her bowstring drew strongly and gazed back out to the approaching army .
te	PAST	She roared an echoing , haunting sound , now able to stare down at the warlock from ten feet off the ground .
te	PRES	You crafty old scoundrel !
te	PRES	Gavin laughs at this .
te	PRES	Ria leans wearily against my shoulder ; I feel her hair tickle my ear .
te	PRES	Rose keeps seeing what will happen and changes major events so it 's difficult to see details .
te	PRES	He slowly backs his face away from mine and looks down into my eyes .
te	PAST	Leo barked a laugh .
te	PRES	Rob kicks me in the side and a pained cough escapes me .
te	PRES	Her eyes widen as she looks me over .
te	PAST	Together they formed a broad wide path that was neither wet nor slick .
te	PAST	His fingers crept across my right breast and paused .
te	PRES	" You wan na get a drink ?
te	PAST	" I don 't mean the kid any harm , " Ziggy apologized .
te	PAST	He curses to himself with annoyance as he taps his CU .
te	PRES	You rule nothing Gideon .
te	PRES	" Yes madam " .
te	PRES	With one hand cupping my ass , his other hand travels to my breast .
te	PRES	" Harry Benson ? "
te	PRES	It pained him to know her anger had driven her so far away .
te	PAST	Music thumped , bleeding through the walls , and I sighed .
te	PAST	When it looked like a mouse , the cat pounced upon it ; when it looked like a ball , she played with it .
te	PAST	" I 'm staying at a friend 's house , " Alex retorted .
te	PAST	The tension between her shoulders eased .
te	PRES	" Jet Clarence ? "
te	PAST	Spencer licked her lips , which were so dry they hurt .
te	PRES	" But it hurts you to be around me . "
te	PAST	Paris huffed as he hopped up on the desk .
te	PAST	" Stephan , " corrected the boy , flushing as some of his friends giggled .
te	PAST	" Y ... your father , " Palme stuttered , " your father would never approve of this .
te	PAST	" You make me nervous , " I confessed .
te	PAST	Reverend Poe 's sermon resumed .
te	PAST	And they unpacked them with great delight .
te	PAST	Then he fixes his attention on the menu in front of him , his forehead creasing .
te	PRES	" Before each meal , we pray to God for His blessings . "
te	PAST	I " d hoped that he would think I was his mate but - " she choked .
te	PRES	Alexandra leapt to her feet and wildly shook her head , trying to deny it .
te	PAST	On a lark , Hank rambled back around to the front for a try .
te	PRES	You deserve a guy who will stand by you , no matter what . "
te	PAST	" You still won you a Pulitzer . "
te	PRES	Praises Caroline and wraps her daughter in an even tighter grip .
te	PRES	I guarantee you won 't survive if you try it a third time . "
te	PAST	Bonnie eased up to the drive-thru window .
te	PAST	Diggs had rejoined me somewhere along the line .
te	PRES	She crosses her arms as if daring me to argue .
te	PAST	I sneaked up unnoticed .
te	PAST	" Thank you ... for fetching me , " I oozed out .
te	PAST	Obviously she overheard his conversation with Phillips .
te	PRES	The smell of the burning wood from the campfire floods him with memories of camping with his father back home .
te	PAST	My eye signal requested him to direct the complaint to the passengers in the rear seats as I didn 't want to take the blame .
te	PRES	He straightens , casts his tiredness off and steps into the water , starting on the next set of spells .
te	PRES	He leapt across the cell .
te	PAST	" Nope , I forbid it . "
te	PRES	" Still a little sore ? "
te	PAST	Sure we lacked a certain sentimentality that most mistaken for love .
te	PRES	I just pray that you do not get punished too severely over it . "
te	PRES	He sits next to me and hands me a flask .
te	PRES	It continues after your first menstruation .
te	PAST	Ezio summoned a meeting of the Brotherhood on Tiber Island that night .
te	PAST	" You misunderstand me entirely . "
te	PRES	Gene , his breath as strained as Gretel 's , watches as down the stream she goes .
te	PAST	" Were you frightened ? "
te	PRES	" I just can 't seem to do it , Iris .
te	PRES	Aragorn knelt beside him .
te	PAST	We teasingly argued over who was hogging the baby .
te	PAST	" Alfred Kropp , " the dead man hissed .
te	PRES	I refuse to do it . "
te	PRES	" To say the very least , Jules . "
te	PRES	Tammie shakes her head emphatically .
te	PRES	" No , but - " " Shh , " he said , lifting Olive into his arms .
te	PAST	It all boiled down to him , to Sam .
te	PRES	And , by the way , this place sucks .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips and looked away for a second .
te	PRES	I lick my lips and meet his eyes .
te	PRES	Painfully she cries out .
te	PRES	" And lay the blame squarely upon the Italians ' doorstep .
te	PAST	Julian thrust an accusatory finger at the panicked man in the chair .
te	PRES	Chapter 31 NOT FUNNY , BITCHES The blurry , shadowed figure grabs my shoulders and pulls me out of the trunk .
te	PRES	Stacey nods slowly , then leans forward , rests her arms on the rail .
te	PRES	" You wan na go over this math now or what ? "
te	PAST	She skimmed to the current month and her mouth dropped open .
te	PAST	She hissed as pain shot up her leg .
te	PRES	" Please give her my warmest regards . "
te	PRES	Allie rushes down the stairs , but I keep going .
te	PAST	He bowed briefly to me and then exited the room at his usual stately waddle .
te	PAST	I gulped my drink and turned back to Drew , simultaneously pleased and chagrined to be on my own .
te	PRES	Blake grabs a rack of shuffleboard biscuits from a pile outside and turns back to Francesca .
te	PRES	Jack shakes his head .
te	PRES	She handles all my affairs very efficiently .
te	PRES	Seven years previous , the Christian world had been shocked to hear the Church and King Philip of France accuse the Templar Knights of heresy .
te	PRES	I yank 'em off in the mornings when I 'm lighting the grates .
te	PRES	Moody , intense , careless .
te	PRES	Like , how many in this squad ?
te	PAST	She admired his passion , but , like life , archaeology didn 't hand out jackpots after a single morning 's work .
te	PRES	Nimble as a cricket , Teagan leapt on in front of her .
te	PAST	The captain drummed the fingertips of one hand against the hilt of his sword .
te	PAST	Most included Paradise Winds , but there were others : Christmas mornings , camping , fishing , and baseball games .
te	PRES	" So , they skate the perimeters of the law . "
te	PAST	" Believe me , that old bird is a survivor , " he corrected , his tone indicating he had no pity for his grandmother .
te	PAST	His scream echoed through the valley , " Geronimo ! "
te	PAST	Alarm tingled through her .
te	PRES	He shakes his head and tucks a loose strand of hair behind my ear .
te	PAST	At the last possible second , he jogged from the terminal onto the tarmac and climbed on board .
te	PAST	I tapped my chin thoughtfully .
te	PRES	The tissue paper shamrocks sway and the confetti stirs on the nearest table .
te	PRES	a voice shouts from behind me .
te	PRES	She nods and smiles standing at the low podium .
te	PAST	" Lying bastard . "
te	PRES	" But then he scares you . "
te	PAST	The front of his hair flopped onto his forehead .
te	PRES	" It depends on how much money and what you want .
te	PAST	Drusilla barked , " I want bombers pummeling that heavy concentration in Region 31 . "
te	PRES	To escape the drama , she accepts an offer to tag along with her best friend for a week in Florida .
te	PRES	I stumble , running into her room .
te	PAST	She grins from ear to ear .
te	PRES	He keeps readjusting his hat and rubbing his hands together .
te	PRES	Then prepare to fulfill the obligations of ... " " One moment ! "
te	PRES	' Garnier keeps mainly to his quarters inside the hospital , though he leaves occasionally to inspect his patients .
te	PAST	Noelle 's green eyes darkened as she looked at his nak * d chest and she let out a feminine sigh of approval .
te	PRES	" Basically , help Belle and me , run errands , answer the phone , and make sure our office supplies are stocked . "
te	PAST	" All opposed ? "
te	PAST	He bowed his head when I approached and gestured at the car .
te	PRES	I chain up my bike and start walking .
te	PAST	Two men kneeled on the floor , straddling his legs .
te	PRES	Kai extends a hand , palm open .
te	PRES	He shakes his head and smiles at me .
te	PAST	A large lump protruded from his head , and scratches criss-crossed his face .
te	PAST	He thumped his tail , ready for anything .
te	PAST	She shivered with grim amusement .
te	PAST	It licked its lips , saliva dripping from the corners of its paper thin mouth .
te	PRES	Intense wave after intense wave , he continues to stare into my eyes , sharing with me his body , his soul and his heart .
te	PAST	Already a fire blazed in the big stone hearth and the room was alive with the twinkling Christmas lights strung from the tree and along the mantel .
te	PAST	I licked my lips and pondered my next words carefully .
te	PAST	Her presence goaded him like a painful spur in his flank .
te	PAST	Chain snarled , smiling evilly at all of them before landing on Victoria .
te	PRES	" On the sidewalk near my apartment building . "
te	PAST	He jogged to a walk and then jogged back .
te	PAST	His mouth memorized the skin of my neck and shoulders as we developed a rhythm between us .
te	PRES	The mother appears passed out on the couch .
te	PAST	The rays of the sun filtered from arbor on the porch and she could no longer read .
te	PAST	' They were always going to start giving us these jobs at some point , ' she reasoned .
te	PAST	His teeth scraped along her shoulder , nibbled her breast .
te	PRES	" Every minute counts . "
te	PRES	Except for the fact he said something , Noah appears asleep .
te	PRES	" He owns a National Trust property and he isn 't a member !
te	PRES	He nods dumbly and looks at Matt .
te	PAST	She licked over her lips in a nervous gesture just as the tip of his c * ck brushed against her mouth .
te	PAST	He won the auction , but lost the chance at a second date .
te	PRES	Nora straightens her clothes and pats down her hair , doing a pretty good job of looking embarrassed .
te	PAST	The dogs snarled in the background and cries from the men pursuing them echoed around the vast gardens of the castle estate .
te	PRES	Ruth pauses and I know she is trying to choose her words carefully .
te	PAST	She thrust them out without a word and slammed the door behind her .
te	PRES	" And for your sake ? "
te	PRES	Warner blinks at him .
te	PAST	Albert spotted Elizabeth in three pictures .
te	PRES	Something in her frightened eyes shifts slightly , and I can see her grasp my words like a drowning man grabs a rope .
te	PRES	Quite clearly he values something else more these days . "
te	PAST	The two men loaded her onto it and strapped her in .
te	PAST	He swore and frowned all the more fiercely at her .
te	PRES	He nods with understanding .
te	PRES	He crosses the room and opens the fridge .
te	PRES	Golden hair spilling down over her shoulders , long streak of violet ribbon .
te	PAST	I packed what I need in a saddlebag .
te	PRES	Shelton unlocks his door and eases it open , making a big fuss over her , before opening the back door .
te	PAST	Nicolas leapt smoothly into the air , slashing as he did so , razor-sharp talons slicing across the throat of the aggressor .
te	PRES	" What delicate question ? "
te	PAST	I scurry from area of cover to area of cover -- usually just bodies or broken crypts -- as visibility begins to waver .
te	PRES	Nicolas knelt beside them .
te	PRES	" Nobody dies when Rachel creates a false impression . "
te	PAST	Cole recalled a time at the movies when Dalton accidentally left his ticket stub in the restroom before the show .
te	PRES	The glass double doors swung behind her .
te	PRES	She sits in my chair and types her own name into a search engine .
te	PAST	The sparkling sapphires glittered even more .
te	PRES	" Where ya goin ' , boy ? "
te	PAST	As he moves through the last of the surf , I bolt quickly towards him and throw myself into his awaiting arms .
te	PRES	" With any luck , Jody Donaldson and not my sister .
te	PAST	A lot depended on her acting ability .
te	PAST	I apologized to Einstein for being the worst dog owner on the planet and once more relegated him to the car while I went inside .
te	PAST	She gestured at the profusion of flowers and balloons .
te	PAST	Sheriff Finnegan spotted us and came running over , while another trooper pushed people back so an ambulance could get closer to the house .
te	PRES	" Watch yourselves . "
te	PRES	Chapter One December 1884 Ian Mackenzie hated funerals .
te	PAST	When Janie arrived on the following Monday , didgeridoo music blared from the far cubicle and the office felt lighter , somehow .
te	PAST	He quickly mounted his horse .
te	PAST	The Great River flowed by blissfully unconcerned .
te	PAST	Then she stacked the branches beside the firepit .
te	PAST	I ripped off a branch and tried smearing them around , but that didn 't work so well .
te	PAST	That included covering up for him .
te	PAST	No one ever won this argument , which was why it still continued .
te	PAST	Don 't let the bastards grind you down . "
te	PRES	And who the hell hurts a little girl ? "
te	PRES	" You know dad , " I mumble .
te	PRES	She shakes her head and laughs .
te	PAST	' Once upon a time , maybe , ' Peter lamented .
te	PRES	Rosie rushes forwards and smacks the creature over its scarred and scabby scalp .
te	PRES	It sits at the northern tip of the island surrounded by churches as though they needed the strength of brick and mortar to shelter the dead .
te	PRES	Never had I seen a man refuse a purse .
te	PRES	He swallows , absorbing this .
te	PAST	The smell in the air reeked of brandy and dirt .
te	PRES	" Coffee shop , " Quickly replies .
te	PAST	" Yeah , that occurred to me , too .
te	PRES	I regret being so harsh .
te	PAST	Fingers stroked through my hair a couple of times .
te	PRES	The realisation hits me with a dull thud .
te	PRES	" My King , I demand that you listen ! "
te	PRES	" I object ! "
te	PRES	smiled Grandma , and I smiled back at her .
te	PAST	The question annoyed Alonso and he glared at Lea .
te	PRES	I refuse to waste breath going over details twice . "
te	PRES	" Oh , come on , Eli .
te	PAST	In an attempt to stop Lea from throwing the attack , Payton dashed forward in a lower stance .
te	PAST	" The poor child suffered .
te	PRES	Show yourselves now ! "
te	PRES	" I can read you like a book , Brynn , " he replies , leaning in .
te	PRES	He swallows hard and pulls out his gloves .
te	PRES	* Beth leapt to her feet .
te	PRES	As he opens the door to the Ford Focus , he walks directly under the streetlight .
te	PRES	Where Maya can 't reach five foot without the assistance of heels , anything more than two inches puts me over six .
te	PAST	he declared theatrically , pulling out a tiny EVA suit , complete with the name Grayson and a little camouflaged American flag on the shoulder .
te	PAST	I cracked a smile then pushed against his muscled chest .
te	PAST	Abruptly Gregori 's large frame shimmered , dissolving into water crystals , and streamed from the house out into the welcoming arms of the night .
te	PRES	She laughs now , a haunting and horrible laugh .
te	PRES	" And tell Nathan to do the same thing .
te	PAST	The scent of his desire flowed around Angelica as he focused his attention solely on her .
te	PAST	A chill slithered over my body , my heart thumping in total silence .
te	PRES	She shakes her head again .
te	PAST	" If I wasn 't good with weird , I would have bailed already .
te	PAST	" What about goodbye ? "
te	PRES	" Didn 't you explain , Sofie ? "
te	PAST	Amira bowed very slightly , meaning to insult the rude old woman .
te	PAST	I beg you -- tell me what I must do . "
te	PRES	Then he kisses me .
te	PRES	" World leaders . "
te	PAST	Fire flickered as his flesh began to burn , and he made a gargling sound .
te	PRES	he continues on unknowingly .
te	PAST	Chloe chewed the inside of her cheek for a moment .
te	PRES	" What about Lilith ? "
te	PRES	My gaze tracked back to him and I could see he was shouldering the blame , eyes downcast as a heavy sigh escaped him .
te	PRES	The ship rumbles , and I feel the pilot working with the thrusters to bring us off the ground .
te	PAST	" You unlocked the fifth blast technique when you dispelled all your anger and hatred away .
te	PAST	A flash of movement captured my attention .
te	PAST	Dorian admired the happy , dancing couples and then gave me a knowing look .
te	PRES	" I 'm not telling just yet , " I tease as she grinds her pelvis into mine , making me groan .
te	PAST	He taught history at BC .
te	PAST	He hissed as another wave of orgasm went through him .
te	PAST	Upon her announcement that he should buy them a small island where they could live in sin , he realised she wasn 't going to leave him .
te	PAST	By the quality of the faint light coming in through the half-open window , she guessed it was dawn , or just after .
te	PAST	Then it dawned on him .
te	PAST	Then I flopped back on the king-size bed .
te	PAST	Griff stuttered , reaching for his sword in terror , " I did not think the Brethren believed in ghosts ! "
te	PRES	" I beg pardon for my intrusion , " a young woman insists , her immaturity masked well in her confidence .
te	PAST	- I heaved , holding back a torrent of tears .
te	PRES	" Oh , I see , " Jon laughs .
te	PRES	" My unique stature ?
te	PRES	His pale shirt compliments his sky blue eyes which shimmer like the blue flames of a baked Alaska .
te	PRES	Animals out there , yes , things rustling in the dark .
te	PRES	Tarn continues , " Our worst fear has come to pass .
te	PRES	She regards him with a mixture of amazement and frustration . '
te	PRES	" Because I trust your random guesses more than my own . "
te	PAST	The sound confirmed his fears .
te	PRES	Because he was still arguing with Rachel , he obliged her .
te	PRES	I just wan na to die already .
te	PRES	Kenji barks out a laugh .
te	PRES	She follows my brother 's example and listens for sounds of life from the inside .
te	PAST	I grasped her hand and she jumped , eyes wide with fear , as I used her as support to heave myself to my feet .
te	PAST	" Matthew , he 's coming this way , " blurted out Stephanie .
te	PAST	" Rachel , " he pleaded .
te	PRES	" You deserve all , Iona , and not a bit less . "
te	PAST	Whether the Red Cap being lifted slowly off of me was a good thing or a bad thing depended entirely on who was doing the lifting .
te	PRES	mumbled sister Joseph more morose than ever .
te	PRES	My minivan has crank handles to roll up the windows and no air conditioner .
te	PRES	Somewhere a dragon king or queen serpent stirs and tastes the air with a forked tongue .
te	PAST	" This is not necessary , " she protested as her cheeks filled with heat .
te	PRES	They exchange glances , their expressions hopeless and ready to welcome death .
te	PAST	Alone , the president swiveled to the high windows behind his desk .
te	PRES	My smile automatically appears .
te	PAST	I refocused the cameras .
te	PRES	The battle continues without pause , and intensifies every 25,000 years according to Earth time . "
te	PRES	" That depends on whether there 's a flashlight in here .
te	PAST	They wouldn 't be the first people who were late and they probably wouldn 't be the last , no pun intended .
te	PAST	Oh , God , Jazz thought , and a wave of hilarity cascaded over her .
te	PRES	" This way , " he barks .
te	PAST	Its twin head lamps speared into the blackness .
te	PAST	" This way , " Andrei gestured and led him into the workroom .
te	PAST	His teeth nipped at my lips .
te	PRES	The yard swam before him , a billowing mist of white .
te	PAST	Dean eased the camera from his eye and went to his brother , kneeling down .
te	PRES	more energy shakes me into near unconsciousness .
te	PRES	The cooking food filled the cabin with delicious smells and more than one stomach rumbled in anticipation .
te	PRES	Bette Midler 's " Wind Beneath My Wings . "
te	PRES	" Very amusing . "
te	PAST	He gulped and nodded .
te	PRES	Alex leans toward her , boldly , " Neither .
te	PRES	Maybe he receives transmissions from Mars on it .
te	PRES	" Understood sir , " Valerie replies with a sigh .
te	PRES	Strength exists in numbers , at least that is what I heard when I lived in the village years ago .
te	PAST	" I never guessed that my son would become a knitter . "
te	PAST	" I wonder if I should give him a painkiller , " she mused in the direction of my mother .
te	PAST	Simon snarled , his arm curling around Kara 's waist , pulling her body against him protectively .
te	PAST	Have you never taught yourself control ? "
te	PAST	Thankfully , a half wall blocked her from the customers ' view .
te	PRES	He leans in toward my ear and I inhale sharply .
te	PAST	Leaving the safety of the doorway , he fumbled along the wall for the light switch .
te	PRES	I thanked her , my heart pounding .
te	PAST	I cracked the glass storm door and grabbed the doorknob .
te	PRES	Her hand flies up with a will of its own , pushing the stranger away .
te	PRES	The Scribe looked at him , his eyes sparkling in obscurity .
te	PRES	It hurts hearing Dad say that .
te	PAST	" Nowhere to be found , " I confirmed .
te	PAST	She shivered at the touch of his lips .
te	PAST	Not that he deserved it .
te	PAST	Then , with an impatient flick of her hair behind one ear , she pursed her lips , bent over the paper and began to write .
te	PRES	Fuck travel rations ; I had lived on enough hard bread and cheese to last me the rest of my life .
te	PAST	" I swore I wouldn 't tell . "
te	PAST	He bowed and left me alone in my little cabin .
te	PRES	' The real Anne Morrow ! '
te	PAST	" Stay out of this and mind your own business , " hissed Brad with smoke practically billowing out of his ears .
te	PAST	Charlotte and Ben exchanged a glance .
te	PRES	Surely they attach and relate to each other .
te	PAST	Taking a firm hold of him , Billie licked him from base to tip before she swirled her tongue around the head .
te	PAST	Frank greeted the solitary man walking up from the river .
te	PAST	He craved the liquor , his body screaming for just a little taste to keep it satiated .
te	PRES	" Lance Collins , this is my mother , Madelyn , and my sister , Caroline .
te	PRES	The sky shifts to a pale blue and stays that way for an eternity .
te	PRES	Bloody hell , if this didn " t make him the family freak .
te	PAST	The frustration of it all spilled out of her .
te	PAST	" They ripped people to pieces , devouring them like snacks . "
te	PRES	He grabbed my chin roughly , his fingers digging in as he leaned over me and forced me to face him .
te	PRES	She hums softly as her hand slides over the paper .
te	PRES	" But they ' l send their Elites that way .
te	PRES	Well , okay , maybe not quite that luxurious , but it was close .
te	PRES	Doug nods , smiling only slightly , the expression in his eyes thanking her for the effort .
te	PRES	Moreover , He resides right here with us ; we don 't pretend that He 's ubiquitous . "
te	PRES	So if I knew that a certain drug was needed , I prescribed it .
te	PRES	Not Tara Anthony . "
te	PRES	He kisses my temple again , and I feel every word .
te	PRES	The least Sebastian could do was acknowledge receipt .
te	PAST	Chapter 33 I wake up in the middle of the night with the unsettling feeling that someone is watching me .
te	PRES	" You wan na take my truck ?
te	PAST	Her husband earned thirty-six thousand dollars as a private pilot .
te	PAST	He gestured with it as he spoke .
te	PRES	I spilt some into the second batch of healing salve I made . "
te	PAST	" I ain 't a mind reader , John , " I snarled .
te	PAST	And this Dr. Hinder , whoever he was , experimented on people while they were still alive .
te	PRES	She raises her left hand .
te	PAST	Suddenly a frenzied snarl echoed through the distance .
te	PRES	She pauses a moment , watching us , then cuts through to reach Carrie .
te	PRES	" And his mother growing increasingly hysterical to see her son alive .
te	PRES	Berg taking pictures , ogling Lou , Hammer asking endless questions .
te	PAST	Then suddenly , out of nowhere , a whip cracked .
te	PRES	" I ´ m talking to you .
te	PAST	squealed Rayna as she stooped to pick up something from the floor .
te	PRES	Maybe people deserve more than what 's easy .
te	PRES	Instead of answering , Jase walks back to the Jetta and opens the passenger door , gesturing for me to climb in .
te	PRES	" You could do a fund-raising dinner , " he suggests .
te	PRES	" Oh , well , the ... er ... " He paused and smiled wryly .
te	PRES	" Big pot for just the three of you . "
te	PAST	He strode to the other side of the partition , grabbed Zack 's arm and walked out the door .
te	PRES	When I sing it hums and I feel it tug at ... my heart .
te	PRES	As Pierre stands next to him , Timothy continues his work , not looking up .
te	PRES	I glare at him .
te	PRES	" But let me ask you a question , Stein .
te	PAST	My last few words trailed off as the realization of what might have been hit me full force .
te	PRES	She shakes her head quickly .
te	PAST	As before , something from the inside blocked it .
te	PAST	The plumber carefully examined the internal circuitry and determined that shorting the incoming 120 volts would most likely cause significant damage to the circuit board .
te	PRES	" Especial y Mum .
te	PAST	Simple Time Travel Experiment Send a digital energy signal about yourself or your message into a black hole .
te	PRES	" Because you just had chips . "
te	PAST	Knotted tree branches overhead blocked some of the moonlight , but it was still fairly bright .
te	PRES	She still sleeps . '
te	PAST	Deckard mulled over the information that he had acquired , and incomplete was the word .
te	PRES	I cling to it for support .
te	PRES	Everyone keeps their nose out of everyone else 's business . "
te	PRES	" Alright , Fergus , alright .
te	PAST	His eyes pleaded with me to understand , even though I had no idea what I was supposed to understand yet .
te	PRES	With that , she skips up the stairs .
te	PAST	" Shut up , you bastard ! "
te	PRES	A bird flies into the window with a hard thump , and falls dead to the windowsill .
te	PAST	She mounted the scrambler , wrapped her arms around him , and took a deep breath .
te	PAST	Before she was able to retrieve her pistol , I pinned her wrist to the ground .
te	PRES	The High Court sits in Canberra , Australia 's capital city .
te	PRES	If you do see him , I advise you very strongly not to engage him unless he makes it necessary . "
te	PAST	The man was holding a wrinkled hand to his mouth , his eyes crinkled and sparkling with amusement .
te	PRES	Mr Barns shakes it enthusiastically with a toothless smile .
te	PAST	Ann deserved credit for the choices of colors , artworks , and plants .
te	PRES	She still sits in the driver 's seat with both hands on the wheel .
te	PAST	He howled in pain , tenting his hands over his face .
te	PAST	She licked her lips .
te	PAST	Why , in six months you 'll be playing football , you 'll see , " she retorted gaily .
te	PRES	Ruben 's mouth hangs open .
te	PAST	She slit her cat 's eyes as she kept her grudge against the fat , pulsing vein in its business suit in front of her .
te	PRES	" But ... a foot massage ? "
te	PAST	She banged on the coffin lid with her fist .
te	PAST	A solid steel gate blocked the passageway leading away from the small chamber -- a digital lock securing it shut .
te	PAST	His eyes gleamed with respect and admiration .
te	PAST	" Appreciated , " the voice remarked noticing that Gabriel 's pulse struggled to keep from weakening any further .
te	PRES	For example , the last ad in the Times worries me because -- " He broke off , for the encoding machine had groaned to a stop .
te	PAST	Max 's shoulders slumped .
te	PAST	I pleaded with her .
te	PAST	He knelt , began to saw , and then paused .
te	PAST	The scribe bowed again and then backed out the door .
te	PRES	Gramps grabs his pole , hooks his bait , and casts out onto the water .
te	PAST	She deserved all the gentleness and wooing he could muster , though God only knew he 'd deserve sainthood before this was over with . " '
te	PAST	" But Jon ... " she protested .
te	PAST	Logan strode into the office as Ryan pushed Melody away .
te	PAST	His knees buckled , and he crumpled to the floor amid a mess of plant , dirt , and broken earthenware .
te	PAST	Her breath heaved out , and Claire hunched over , clutching her stomach .
te	PRES	He walks over to us and asks if we are the customers waiting to be taken to Hall 's Creek .
te	PAST	Anger stirred right out of me , almost making me lose my mind .
te	PRES	' That 's right , that 's right , you keeps goin ' ! '
te	PRES	He watches Teddy a lot .
te	PAST	With that , a line formed , and names began to appear on the scroll .
te	PAST	Then she dashed back inside where Kylie stood staring at Pierce , her eyes wide with distress .
te	PAST	Iain bowed his head and kissed her .
te	PAST	Rachel unlocked the front door and opened it , stepping out on the front porch .
te	PRES	" We 're going to be right outside , " Kenji shouts .
te	PAST	She respected them even as she struggled to keep up with them .
te	PRES	She smells so clean .
te	PAST	Tears formed in his eyes .
te	PAST	His rigid shaft sprang free .
te	PAST	My closet consisted of clothes from the Salvation Army and some gifted to me from Natalie 's family .
te	PRES	West continues Ethan 's story , no doubt hoping I wouldn 't make the connection .
te	PAST	" She sorta fainted . "
te	PAST	I gestured towards her neck .
te	PAST	Corinne roused herself enough to lift her long lashes and peer at Lisa .
te	PRES	" Oh hell no you won 't , " Nathan argues , narrowing his eyes .
te	PRES	Somehow that sound calms me .
te	PAST	She yelped her questions .
te	PAST	Terror ripped through Cassie 's body .
te	PRES	I asked , my heart pounding .
te	PRES	' I wounded him . '
te	PAST	The large policeman 's shoulders slumped .
te	PAST	I weighed the distance to the digger and wondered what forces were between us and it .
te	PRES	" She owns a company in Japan .
te	PAST	He faintly but distinctly overheard the demon telling the man there was a woman coming his way and wondered if she was good-looking .
te	PAST	" Liz , " I huffed , righting myself .
te	PRES	Poor burnt Bill . "
te	PRES	" My ID ? "
te	PRES	After throwing a dart at the dartboard , JJ finds my eyes for a sec , then looks away .
te	PRES	Baron continues , ignoring the venom her tone .
te	PAST	Ruth examined the ceiling with considered thought .
te	PAST	She argued with all , even Gopal was not spared at times .
te	PAST	The verbal battles progressed to physical pushing and shoving and threats , and I saw within an hour that the entire future of the valley was threatened .
te	PAST	Her golden brown eyes simmered with disgust and a faint creep of heat made its way from the back of my neck to my cheeks .
te	PRES	The infantry one shows that you 're proud of what you do .
te	PRES	It appears to be a man wearing a cape that makes him look vaguely like a bat .
te	PRES	Besides the benefits you have listed in your report , it fights hair loss , acne , reverses aging , and soothes a sore throat .
te	PRES	My dad shakes her lightly to get her to answer .
te	PAST	I bowed in the doorway to show respect , and entered .
te	PRES	The two exchange a look .
te	PAST	One foot constantly tapped , splashing in a mud puddle .
te	PRES	He knelt over it , and said , " I need some light please . "
te	PRES	" So , shall we beg - " A snapping sound of what it would now be generous to refer to as a jaw .
te	PAST	For just a second , angst stirred in the pit of my belly .
te	PAST	I recalled a story I had been told as a boy .
te	PRES	Our world -- our order -- depends on you .
te	PRES	" I uh ... I 'm kind of tired Victor , I think I 'm gon na go to bed . "
te	PAST	My hand twitched involuntarily in his .
te	PRES	Once the rabbit is cooked , I serve June first .
te	PAST	In the car with Mike , she steeled herself .
te	PRES	How sil y of me . "
te	PAST	The huge church dominated the village 's skyline with its lofty dome of living turf that was akin to a rectangular green hill .
te	PAST	As they had with Connor , several people hailed him .
te	PAST	Rather she sat looking up , her eyes placid , waiting for him to respond .
te	PRES	He nods and starts to walk away but pauses .
te	PRES	The officer watches them all with a mean glare as if waiting for one of them to come over and try to free me .
te	PRES	He puts the end of the cigarette back into his mouth as he tosses the pack onto the dash .
te	PAST	" Just do it quick , " he requested .
te	PAST	When I reached the wall , I located the nearest exit to me .
te	PRES	Her heart hammering in panic , she knelt beside him .
te	PAST	Zane shushed him and twisted his fingers harder and deeper before leaning back to grab the condom .
te	PAST	Then he covered it up with the blanket and sat down in the chair again , his head bowed .
te	PAST	" Ho , Longbow , " a lean archer with steely eyes greeted his friend .
te	PAST	* * * Justus swooned .
te	PRES	June squeals excitedly from the tree .
te	PAST	The candle in the center of the table flickered , casting Sara 's face in a warm glow .
te	PAST	Her heart soared into the sky .
te	PRES	St. Clair shakes his head .
te	PAST	" You really are making things hard on the man , aren 't you , " Amira observed .
te	PAST	Once inside his office and back to safety , Stuart fumbled for his personal communication device .
te	PAST	Taking the various train routes and walking along highways , we assembled near the palace .
te	PAST	The stairs creaked with each step , echoing though the deafening silence that hung over the house .
te	PRES	I cocked my head like a befuddled puppy , a fave pose of mine , as you 've probably noticed by now .
te	PRES	" Fire jumping ? "
te	PRES	" Jonas , I think we should call it quits . "
te	PRES	They , like me , resist the urge to turn over and get a little more sleep .
te	PRES	" Let 's try the right panel first , " Dervish suggests .
te	PRES	" A collection of a dozen of the finest craftsmanship . "
te	PRES	I sprint toward the lot at the station .
te	PAST	Along with his energy , he yielded some of his emotions and thoughts , and I could literally feel his lust and affection for me .
te	PRES	He held out his hand , a gesture calculated to force her to look at him , truly acknowledge him , touch him .
te	PRES	But then Realm introduces me to Derek and Shep .
te	PRES	It 's almost like Avery left her with us so we wouldn 't miss her being gone as much , " Nate replies .
te	PRES	I shudder at the memory ; so much has changed since then .
te	PAST	I eased , gently kissed along the underside of her breast , then ran my nose back up over the sensitive skin .
te	PAST	" When I drank from you before - " " Why bring that up to me ? "
te	PAST	" Oh , I owe him everything , " Halen objected with a sudden , angry glint in his eyes .
te	PRES	He excused himself , went around the table , and grabbed a bowl of pretzels from the counter .
te	PRES	" When Marlena bit me , I connected to her tying us together .
te	PAST	" Because you 're exhausted . "
te	PAST	" Because he looked me square in the eye when he answered . "
te	PAST	As he went in , he bumped into Bonnie , who was rushing out .
te	PAST	As if on cue , three lions pounced , wielding eight-inch long claws aimed at turning Mike 's face into mincemeat .
te	PRES	He keeps his hands on her head , gently tapping her hair to assure her of his presence .
te	PAST	Misty unloaded Dougal and the cubs from her truck , unlocked her store , and let everyone in .
te	PRES	Her most recent works include the three books which comprise The Larkspur Valley Series .
te	PAST	Because they knew just what sort of threat he posed .
te	PRES	Realizing his retreat is futile , Rift resumes a defensive stance , unsure what he should do next .
te	PRES	I swam deeper underwater .
te	PRES	Master Sole keeps talking .
te	PAST	I plugged one end in to the battery and the other in to the infamous sample drill .
te	PAST	His hand stroked back the fall of hair around her face .
te	PRES	He keeps walking and stops in front of the boy to my left .
te	PRES	" Bloody crows and great furies , he did it ! "
te	PRES	Yeah , he keeps it pretty close . "
te	PAST	He saddled his horse and hurried to meet Mandy .
te	PAST	I stabbed the first one through its wicked little eye and raced to grab the shield of Ares .
te	PRES	She nods and nibbles on her lower lip .
te	PRES	Those rituals offer reassurance .
te	PAST	Her fingers fumbled with his belt .
te	PAST	She shivered thinking about how everyone had known she was minutes away from being marked , yet no one said anything or interceded in any way .
te	PRES	" If Julie ever finds out ... " " She won 't , " he promised .
te	PAST	But instead he slashed at the thin biting ropes which held me to he chair until they fell away .
te	PRES	A low chuckle interrupts Flynn and the crowd of Murderers part at the sound revealing a tall man dressed entirely in black .
te	PRES	You wan na ' know what she 's bought in all this time ? "
te	PRES	The sunlight sparkles through the trees , and I close my eyes , taking everything in .
te	PRES	" I can 't believe I 'm actually getting to meet you , " she replies shyly .
te	PRES	He groans against my mouth as he cups my breast .
te	PRES	Blake raises his hands to his head and grabs his hair .
te	PRES	He leans his head back and stares up at the sky .
te	PAST	" It 's a sign of anxiety , you know , " Caitlin remarked from the other side of the pool .
te	PAST	He grasped hold of her shoulders , silencing her protest .
te	PRES	She kisses my forehead and then hugs Laila .
te	PRES	The warmth only grows as he kicks his jeans and boxers off and slips inside me .
te	PAST	Bits of memory brush me , revealing what he treasures most .
te	PAST	Heat flowed between them .
te	PAST	Marty punched Vincent in the gut , knocking the wind from his lungs .
te	PRES	Her pace so frantic in the beginning , turned lethargic .
te	PAST	I cradled his face in my hands .
te	PRES	" Don 't stop , " I beg and he slants his head to look at me .
te	PRES	" What hurts ? "
te	PRES	Doctor Hartman hovers up and quickly presses the caption with a metallic fingertip .
te	PAST	She punched me as hard as she could in the chest .
te	PAST	I glossed over what I couldn 't explain , not wanting to say , " I don 't know . "
te	PAST	Then he slowly crept forward because he didn 't want to get into a wreck .
te	PAST	Hindsight being what it was , she concluded that she should have ordered the meatloaf .
te	PRES	Brooke 's face twists slightly .
te	PRES	He beams in response , but his eyes are fierce , as though he 'd take on every person in the ARC to keep me safe .
te	PAST	Real terror rocked through Terese when she saw Eric teleport right before her eyes .
te	PRES	" But first aid to lift the badly wounded on these couches where we may bandage their hurts . "
te	PRES	My reassuring demeanor wins him over .
te	PAST	Henry heaved a massive shrug .
te	PAST	Takeo blocked everything Connor attacked with and Connor withstood all of Takeo 's counter strikes .
te	PAST	Colette was right next to me , I realised with a start .
te	PRES	She pauses , clears her throat . '
te	PAST	Fo ... for sure , " I stutter , leaning against the machine for support as my legs turn to jelly .
te	PRES	He knelt forward and placed the two scrolls side by side on the ground so they could see them better in the light from the fountain .
te	PAST	Her eyes glossed over .
te	PAST	He shivered and rubbed his hands together .
te	PAST	And then the man himself , wandering out of the desert and wrapped up like a patent . "
te	PAST	The men crowded in and looked at the plan before orienting themselves to the site .
te	PAST	But nothing frightened Nadia .
te	PRES	she shouts into the phone so loudly my ear rings .
te	PRES	" Of course not , foolish warlock .
te	PRES	" Until the next battle , warrior . "
te	PAST	It collided with my body as a car screeched past not even twenty centimeters from where I had come to a halt .
te	PAST	A blush crept up my cheeks and he leaned forward to kiss me , making me blush more deeply .
te	PAST	" You bastard ! "
te	PRES	Her truck continues to warm up , and I have the biggest urge to drive off in it .
te	PRES	The meeting lasts for another hour .
te	PAST	The chieftain 's harsh and unproven accusation summoned up a roar of comments from all sides of the assembly .
te	PAST	Cassie shivered at the stark reminder of just how different they were .
te	PRES	Reaching Jeff , he kisses the child and then her .
te	PRES	" More discreet ? "
te	PAST	I tapped my glass to get everyone 's attention .
te	PAST	This she grasped and yanked it forward to propel the hapless and doomed human missile into the final two attackers .
te	PAST	" A witch , are you kidding ? "
te	PAST	He pursed his lips then left the tent .
te	PRES	I pretend not to notice .
te	PAST	Eliot 's mouth tasted dry , bitter .
te	PAST	This isn 't giving you either time or space , " Buddy apologized solemnly .
te	PRES	" Street address . "
te	PRES	" While we 're going mad with mating frenzy ? "
te	PRES	He leans down toward me , planting a fist on the seat beside me , and I tilt my chin up .
te	PAST	I cracked my charming smile to let her know I was joking , but the daggers she was shooting at me did not disappear .
te	PRES	Life scares the hell out of me . "
te	PRES	Before my confused , frightened brain can even formulate a reply , Blake appears at my side and takes my arm .
te	PAST	He pictured her in the chair behind the sill , in the gloom .
te	PRES	The last halting word hangs in the air as the Eye sheds the dimness of sleep and shines down on us with baleful brilliance .
te	PAST	Pillows lined the room , and an ornate hookah sat on a low table at one end .
te	PRES	And I refuse to think any further than that .
te	PRES	" What 's left of a race who came from a Territory that no longer exists .
te	PAST	But I ripped no bones .
te	PAST	Everything I could figure indicated it was three of em .
te	PAST	As one , they swarmed to the edge .
te	PRES	" Come on , Sally !
te	PAST	Brett eased back on the throttle , the boat slowed , and her heart sped .
te	PRES	" In Los Angeles , even the sight of you clothed hardened my body .
te	PRES	' Well , I adore eating , so I 'll definitely look for an opportunity . '
te	PAST	Susan 's eyes darkened .
te	PRES	She tilts her head and the answer comes fast and easy for her .
te	PAST	Vale drummed his fingers on the arm of his chair in an incredibly annoying manner .
te	PRES	" Love you too Dad , " Jack replies .
te	PRES	The girl nods , her eyes wide .
te	PAST	She clung to him with fear as she felt a plant grab at her .
te	PAST	Sinking into the bliss of his devouring kiss , she stroked restless hands over the satin smoothness of his chest .
te	PAST	To the south , Mauri Point speared the ocean eastward , with the lighthouse crowning its tip .
te	PAST	" She wants you to bow , " hissed the chancellor .
te	PAST	She licked her way down to his pecs , fingers playing with the wiry hair dusting his chest .
te	PAST	But from here to Rome , citizens remarked how strange it is that no one has seen the Roman for at least a century .
te	PAST	Emma pleaded but to no avail .
te	PAST	Palme packed enough bread and water to last four days into a small brown bag .
te	PRES	The thought of children scares the shit out of me .
te	PRES	" And if my sources are right , " Sam said , coming alive , " his reign lasts for two more weeks . "
te	PRES	Chloe Bishop slit my throat .
te	PAST	The small group ahead of us mounted their torches into frames already nailed to the walls .
te	PRES	" We should be cautious , Solange .
te	PAST	Sitting back worriedly , my eyes ventured toward the edge of the roof at the front of the house .
te	PAST	" She can 't control herself , Steph , " Matthew reasoned .
te	PRES	His hand tenses on my leg .
te	PAST	A foot below that horror , a nest of plastic tubing suspended a human heart .
te	PAST	Red eyes swiveled upward and focused on her .
te	PRES	The man sits down , each small movement deliberate , and Alba speak again .
te	PAST	I rocked my hips , the movement sending shivers across his skin .
te	PAST	The two men exchanged glances .
te	PRES	Or just insulting ? "
te	PRES	Then she knelt at the boy 's side .
te	PRES	I stumble right out of my shoes .
te	PRES	She leans up on her elbows , amazed as it augments to the size of a lavender watermelon .
te	PAST	Desire darkened his eyes , turning her from warm to molten .
te	PAST	The monster snarled viciously at the bearded hunter and lowered its head , pointing its lethal horns directly at the bearded hunter .
te	PAST	I 've already apologized .
te	PRES	" No , " I mumble .
te	PAST	His hands stilled on my feet .
te	PRES	Her last sentence sinks in and I falter .
te	PRES	At the work of other painters , other pilgrims on this endless journey to capture the perfection of the world that we see .
te	PRES	In the binoculars the lines twisted , folding in and out , new colors emerging .
te	PAST	Amanda hissed in pleasure as his warm fingers brushed against her flesh in slow , simmering circles .
te	PAST	" I need to think , " she declared .
te	PAST	" Something rather peculiar is happening to me , " he confessed .
te	PAST	" I can 't believe that " She flowed away without haste .
te	PRES	That sick sixth sense continues to rattle around in my brain .
te	PRES	" For my parents ' funerals and then once for a brief vacation .
te	PRES	When we keep things to ourselves , grudges and resentments build up and we end up arguing . "
te	PAST	Grabbing a knife , she sliced a piece for Leslie and one for herself .
te	PRES	We spar again , only this time I push her harder , challenging her , demanding with my weapon that she defend herself more intensely .
te	PRES	And this Hermit card , it shows that in the past you have withdrawn greatly .
te	PRES	The smell of people being sick sent her running back out , gulping for air and spitting out flies as they crawled inside her open mouth .
te	PRES	" This woman keeps calling me .
te	PAST	As he tossed away his shirt , she explored the sinewy contours of his chest and arms with her hands and mouth .
te	PAST	Hali recalled Ship 's reassurance : No one bothers an old woman .
te	PRES	He sits up straight and humor dances in his eyes .
te	PAST	The day he inherited those ruby-red eyes of his .
te	PAST	Exhaustion overcame discomfort , and he fell asleep .
te	PRES	" Thank you , " Bob replies .
te	PAST	" I know that , Lissa , " Gavin heaved a patient sigh .
te	PAST	Lina 's arms depressed .
te	PAST	He greeted her with a nudge to her ear , and she laughed .
te	PAST	A teasing grin twitched at his lips , his dimples showing when he allowed a full-blown smile .
te	PAST	You donated a ridiculous amount of money to the Center when a much smaller amount would have saved it .
te	PRES	Tammie rushes down the stairs and quickly grabs the bags of groceries in her mother 's hands .
te	PAST	That , I thought , depended entirely on whether you were a vampire .
te	PRES	Nothing to see here , folks .
te	PAST	Iona stroked his hair , but Eric didn 't touch her .
te	PRES	Let 's just say you 're damn good , you deserve it , and leave it at that . "
te	PRES	Back Up looked over her shoulder at Sam and snuffed like , " Who me ?
te	PRES	" How drunk ? "
te	PAST	I sided with my grandfather .
te	PRES	" No , " Cindy replies .
te	PAST	Street vendors crowded the street itself selling everything from house wares to trinkets , plastic bowls to potted plants , and clothing to gold chains .
te	PRES	" That ain 't what bugged me though .
te	PRES	She brushes the dash to and fro , and she smiles , as if the vinyl is her skin and she feels it tingle .
te	PAST	I wrinkled my nose .
te	PAST	A rotten stench of fungus greeted Heston .
te	PRES	" It serves as my home .
te	PAST	" That bastard ! "
te	PAST	Dirk wrinkled his nose .
te	PAST	Asked why I was pointing a gun at him . "
te	PAST	I tracked his ship there . "
te	PAST	Our fearless leader , Emmie of course , breezed in and took her spot at the front of the room beside the microwave and fridge .
te	PAST	" Go away , " Colin barked at the same time .
te	PRES	Cas agrees , and I 'm so grateful they 're not mad .
te	PRES	" But you deserve a chance to become a true Jedi .
te	PAST	I puff out a surprised breath , and for long moments , I can 't process it .
te	PRES	" Hmmm , " he started , pausing for a long time , " and the salt ? "
te	PAST	It creaked a little .
te	PAST	" Come on , " he coaxed .
te	PAST	Sibyl also had on a cherry red , satin blouse she 'd stolen from Scarlett before moving to England .
te	PAST	She sipped once more and handed the horn back to him .
te	PAST	She gestured at Ben and Landon .
te	PRES	He laughs a little .
te	PAST	She discarded him long ago , except as fuel for revenge .
te	PRES	" Nothing extravagant . "
te	PRES	Meeting his eyes , I add in a quiet voice , " It hurts me . "
te	PAST	Elizabeth sided up to him and they both waved their welcome .
te	PRES	I resent silence of the heart .
te	PAST	They drank in unison . '
te	PRES	" Oh shut up , man , " Nathan jokes , though his smile is warm with appreciation .
te	PAST	There is plenty to worry about , Grandma corrected .
te	PRES	Far better to sneak out like a thief in the night now than to face that humiliation in the morning when the staff came on duty .
te	PRES	" How about fried chicken strips ?
te	PAST	Michaels indicated no response .
te	PAST	" Aww come on little Sav , " Zeke grins at me and brushes some hair off my face .
te	PRES	She puts a hand on her chest and presses her heart as if it 's aching .
te	PRES	Slowly most of the flock , stroll away , leaving one of the largest of the sheep within Pierre 's reach .
te	PAST	" One day , if you 're lucky , I might just tell you about them , " I confessed .
te	PRES	She usually laughs it off when she does stuff like that . "
te	PRES	I , no we , demand to be heard by your committee .
te	PAST	His brow furrowed with trepidation .
te	PAST	I cracked a grin at that while I kept an eye on the two guys .
te	PRES	Word travels fast , trust me . "
te	PAST	He eased a finger inside her body , and she clenched around him , attempting to grip him tight , hold him in place .
te	PAST	Cassie 's frightened cry echoed loudly in his over sensitized ears .
te	PRES	" What address on North Crescent Drive ? "
te	PAST	I flopped with my back to the bed , rubbing my eye with the heel of my hand .
te	PAST	The American thanked the bartender for the whiskey and this time he sipped its contents .
te	PRES	She squints at me .
te	PAST	Places where people drank too much rum and tequila and didn 't worry much about the past .
te	PAST	The depth of his ardor frightened her , and then fear flared into something far more powerful .
te	PRES	" Miss Stewart ? "
te	PRES	He sits up , still won 't look at me .
te	PAST	" She came to you for help , " she hissed .
te	PAST	Determination gleamed in her eyes .
te	PAST	I paled in comparison to her antics .
te	PAST	That night , after Kelly was asleep again , Mike crept into the den and sank onto his knees beside the couch .
te	PRES	For it curses the mind . "
te	PRES	But those years of warning overtook any soft feelings .
te	PAST	The Viscount slumped back in his chair slurped on some wine .
te	PRES	The duchess , who has gone pale at this news , visibly gathers herself .
te	PAST	They argued back and forth for a few minutes until Dreher pulled another prisoner from the group .
te	PAST	Wink 's head and ears drooped .
te	PAST	Taylor trailed a little , separating us from the other two couples .
te	PAST	But the final blow , and possibly my greatest lesson of all , occurred yesterday when I informed Christopher that I would not be seeing him again .
te	PRES	" Really , truly beautiful , Dominic .
te	PAST	He sipped the brandy nervously .
te	PAST	She shivered once at the memory but went on with the story .
te	PAST	Haggerty gestured to the two constables hunched over a map they 'd spread out on an old packing crate .
te	PRES	A guardrail flies up from the road , like a piece of confetti .
te	PAST	Chapter 19 The late afternoon sun filtered down , making the leftover snow sparkle and shimmer .
te	PAST	" You can 't kill every Lycan because you 're angry at them , " Zev protested .
te	PAST	She choked on a laugh .
te	PRES	The rain mats her dark hair against her face .
te	PAST	" You 're interrogating them , " Mara corrected .
te	PRES	" I 'll take it , Zeph , " she answers him , " as soon as it gets here .
te	PRES	Classmates and life mates first , best friends and sweethearts later .
te	PAST	I pursed my lips , fighting the urge to roll my eyes .
te	PRES	Many of her old skirts I had adjusted to fit me .
te	PRES	" And thought highly of him .
te	PAST	More marble floored the area , housing a piece of ornate pottery filled with plants .
te	PAST	She bowed her head now as if she were listening to sounds from far away .
te	PRES	Zach stays here . "
te	PAST	Karma admired her trophies .
te	PAST	He examined the bundle of clothing .
te	PAST	Putting this thought aside , Horace skimmed his companions .
te	PAST	Instant heat darkened his eyes to silver .
te	PRES	The big cat then leapt across the creek .
te	PRES	Do not deny me this , I beg you .
te	PAST	In fact she envied Jake for telling them to take a hike .
te	PRES	I stammer , realizing that the voice belongs to Mike , my ex-boyfriend .
te	PAST	Are you alright ? '
te	PRES	" The barn ! "
te	PAST	He bumped her in the ribs with his elbow excitedly .
te	PAST	She wrinkled her nose .
te	PAST	" Olivia , " he greeted , his voice growing noticeably choked .
te	PRES	Every review increases the chances that other readers will discover this novel and influences what I write in the future .
te	PRES	He shifts slightly and waves for me to go .
te	PAST	She posed the question silently : Why should I stay here with Reyes ?
te	PAST	The angel howled in pain , clutching his mangled stump as blood gushed all over the place .
te	PRES	" You bitch . "
te	PAST	My father taught me to see Erudite a particular way .
te	PRES	He nods once and takes the keys , sliding them into his front pocket .
te	PAST	I aimed my watch at the photo , imagined the faint click as I took a picture .
te	PAST	A scan at the black screen on my phone confirmed that my battery had cut out .
te	PRES	" And your passenger ? "
te	PRES	The corners of his lips tease upward .
te	PRES	I swam to the rock where Nash was already sitting .
te	PRES	" Don 't , Jamie .
te	PAST	Blood rained down and faded from dark red to pitch black to the color of dirty water .
te	PRES	Ketchup sucks at fixing cars .
te	PAST	For a moment her heart yearned for another glimpse of the delicate fountains and the formal gardens that lined the white stone paths .
te	PAST	He recalled now that she 'd mentioned something about meeting with the church women 's group , but that 'd slipped his mind .
te	PAST	I greeted him back , sniffing the air .
te	PRES	" Look , this place attracts strange people .
te	PAST	She gulped noisily and Titus grabbed her arm tightly .
te	PRES	He kisses her forehead .
te	PAST	It quivered with joy .
te	PRES	All the right elements , but nothing takes shape .
te	PAST	When I finally busted out , I swore I 'd never go back .
te	PAST	" They peeled the metal away as easily as peeling an orange .
te	PAST	It collided with him , knocking him away from me .
te	PRES	" The goddess Pandora ! "
te	PAST	" Well , " observed Gia .
te	PAST	John sipped his pint .
te	PRES	He puts a finger under my chin and forces me to look up at him .
te	PAST	I licked my lips , thinking about how I wanted to phrase my answer to that question .
te	PRES	Maxi 's breathing hitched and broke .
te	PAST	Norman guessed by now they were a quarter of a mile from the crew compartment in the back .
te	PRES	He puts the car in reverse and speeds out of the parking lot .
te	PRES	Clean shaven or does he have a beard ?
te	PRES	" Might we have the honor of your name , ser ? "
te	PRES	But Alex assures me there 's more .
te	PAST	His face paled as he recalled the vaguely familiar , slender figure who 'd shot at him tonight .
te	PAST	She disengaged one hand from his and moved it to his thigh .
te	PAST	" The bastard ! "
te	PAST	She loathed herself back but she couldn 't ignore the dream , or rather , a nightmare .
te	PAST	Anita indicated the wolf by Carson .
te	PRES	The wires conduct an electrical charge to the target , which renders the hostile immobile .
te	PAST	I stumbled away from him , my hands shielded out in front of me .
te	PAST	Percival wasted no time following her , running up toward the ruined front of the house , looking for a way past the boulders and shattered glass .
te	PRES	The air shifts as he steps forward .
te	PRES	Picking up a black harness from the hook , he straps me , avoiding my eyes .
te	PAST	What sealed this feeling for him happened at lunchtime earlier that day .
te	PRES	I ruffle his hair .
te	PRES	" I still trust you , " he insists .
te	PRES	" Seems that way , " she nods and reaches for my glass .
te	PRES	I mumble , mostly to myself since he 's already walked away .
te	PAST	After a second 's surprise , she recovered and kissed him back .
te	PAST	Cook scooped a severed cabbage head from the basket of vegetables on the prep table behind him .
te	PAST	Gabe sighed , his face darkened .
te	PRES	He too leapt to his feet .
te	PRES	I stumble through the halls , no longer invisible .
te	PRES	A protective spell keeps the goblet full until somebody actually drinks it .
te	PRES	... Professor Kale introduces himself .
te	PRES	' Couple of days , tops . '
te	PAST	The sky darkened as we ate , and the absence of light made me even more aware of sound .
te	PRES	He nods to the other Dauntless by the gate .
te	PAST	Then a shivering scream echoed from behind .
te	PRES	Chapter Three Mary quickly grabs her purse and walks after the curly-haired man .
te	PAST	I more or less confessed as much to her on our drive to Halifax the next day .
te	PAST	" Oh yeah , I forgot about this , " he mused , peering up the burrow .
te	PRES	' Sorry , darling .
te	PRES	He pauses for a second and looks into my eyes .
te	PRES	I serve at His pleasure . "
te	PRES	" Look at all the fresh tire tracks . "
te	PRES	He extends out his hand .
te	PAST	In the courtyard a family sat eating a late breakfast , their bikes lined up ready for their day of activity .
te	PAST	Sandbag 's blood boiled at the sight .
te	PAST	Zoe pursed her lips .
te	PAST	His big body caged me in .
te	PRES	Collet , the daughter , introduces me to her mother .
te	PRES	Still , these should be healthy , goal oriented pursuits which we relish .
te	PAST	But when her feet made contact with the ground , her legs buckled and she went down into the snow .
te	PAST	He dodged cars and crossed over to check it out .
te	PAST	He stroked her hair behind her ear a final time , calluses snagging her skin as he cupped the back of her neck .
te	PRES	First Ethan , then Faith .
te	PRES	For tonight , let 's build a fire and a simple camp .
te	PAST	All that sweetness and insincere southern charm simply overwhelmed her .
te	PAST	They still tingled from his kiss .
te	PAST	I quickly gestured with my hand that everyone should go up to the roof and we all turned around .
te	PRES	Nathan Locke claims he can 't work well after the secretaries arrive , so he comes in at six .
te	PRES	It keeps breaking down , but my dad keeps fixing it . "
te	PAST	" I 'd like to see my father , please , " the little boy chirped up at her .
te	PRES	' Gosh darn ! '
te	PAST	Sure , he argued with the big rat a lot .
te	PAST	He guessed he 'd find out soon .
te	PAST	The two exchanged brief glances before awkwardly grabbing the woman 's arms and extracting her limp body from the booth .
te	PRES	" New York . "
te	PAST	Michelle crinkled her nose .
te	PAST	When Buddy drove in , Mandy directed him to veer to the middle road and follow it around for about 500 feet .
te	PRES	Trust Artemis to read him so easily .
te	PRES	A shaky finger extends wanting to touch him but I can 't from my bound chair in the center of the room .
te	PRES	He laughs at what must be a hilarious look on my face .
te	PRES	Another explosion rocks the ship .
te	PRES	" Step inside this here tent if you want to witness great magical wonders beyond your wildest imagination .
te	PRES	" I insist upon immediate release . "
te	PAST	Dennis peeled the cloth from his head with a smirk , well aware that his antics had caught the attention of everyone in the tavern .
te	PRES	Kim claps her hands , shouting , " All right ! "
te	PRES	She peeled the skin off the breast of the chicken and guzzled it down , smacking her withered lips together .
te	PRES	Withdrawing to my second line of defence , I surrender to your simulated wrath .
te	PAST	" That 's correct , " confirmed Drake .
te	PRES	Just as the cloud tunnel started to close in on them , it suddenly vanished .
te	PRES	Doing nothing is not an option either , " Lisa replies stiffly .
te	PRES	I heave a sigh .
te	PAST	We formed a line and filled our bowls , and then headed back out to the living area we 'd created to eat .
te	PRES	He raises an eyebrow .
te	PAST	My heart flickered at the approach of a choice .
te	PAST	Amy detected some uncertainty .
te	PAST	Aston 's words curve around me , wrapping me in a smooth caress , and my throat goes dry .
te	PAST	Karla sipped her coffee .
te	PAST	Your daughter attacked me earlier with her zapper .
te	PAST	A concerned frown darkened her face as she felt his head for lumps .
te	PAST	Carefully , he eased more of the blanket under him .
te	PRES	" Sleeping peacefully now . "
te	PRES	" Shall we deliver the gift to Beth ?
te	PRES	The ladies pampered the boy ' mercilessly ' .
te	PRES	But I refuse to quit until Aria is restored . "
te	PAST	She pitied my mother and despised her at the same time .
te	PRES	WHAT MATTERS IS I 'M GOOD .
te	PRES	Kenji laughs , undeterred .
te	PAST	" I 'm the female alpha , " I confirmed .
te	PAST	Then , as he pushed away , he spotted Rachael through the crowd .
te	PAST	Cronus really captured your essence .
te	PAST	The man chasing him also rebounded off the wall .
te	PRES	He sits back in his chair .
te	PRES	She flung it down onto the bed , her eyes shining .
te	PAST	His claws slashed across Elias 's neck even as Holly and Shane yanked Duncan back .
te	PRES	The sooner the better . "
te	PAST	The water boiled , he poured himself some tea , and then he sat in a chair by the hearth .
te	PAST	I rejected the fear attempting to swallow me whole .
te	PAST	She pleaded for death , but it never came .
te	PRES	Reynard pauses , looking even more somber than he had throughout the interview .
te	PRES	Leon nods and smiles .
te	PRES	Stop , ' he pleaded , jogging to catch up .
te	PRES	The demon twists and turns trying to pull away to freedom .
te	PAST	She relented with poor grace .
te	PRES	He swallows hard and his lips move for mine .
te	PRES	But he shakes his head .
te	PAST	Staring out the window , I remind myself that this isn 't real .
te	PAST	Oh - " Her soft moan whispered against his throat , an extra caress as he thrust in .
te	PAST	He strolled along the sandy trail , looking around at his environment .
te	PRES	My liver just ... quit functioning properly . "
te	PAST	" Please close the doors and wait for us in the hall , " Douglas requested .
te	PRES	" In fact , I sometimes advise Kayla . "
te	PRES	I - " " Shhh . "
te	PRES	He shakes his head , and makes a snap decision .
te	PAST	A second later , an explosion ripped through the camp followed by screams and gunfire .
te	PAST	Miranda choked back a sob .
te	PAST	In Roanoke , the FBI team scoured Judge Fawcett 's files and interviewed his clerks .
te	PAST	Mad Rogan 's family physician practiced out of a three-story building that had no sign .
te	PRES	Valerie gasps and sighs with relief .
te	PRES	... to dance ballet . "
te	PAST	Abigail bowed her head .
te	PAST	His eye twitched and his face darkened with rage .
te	PAST	My heart thumped in my chest and I tried to calm myself down but all of the horrid memories came rushing in one by one .
te	PAST	You deserved more than what I was willing to give , and I didn 't see that until it was too late to change it . "
te	PRES	She hopes that knitting will get her through the wedding jitters . "
te	PRES	" And glory ? "
te	PAST	A long pause fol owed the question .
te	PRES	he manages to ask between heaving breaths .
te	PAST	As the shadows thickened around him , Matthew recalled something Bax once told him .
te	PRES	" Her journal . "
te	PRES	And the deeper you go , the harder the glass becomes .
te	PAST	Entire day of research wasted .
te	PRES	Heidi keeps the refrigerator well stocked . "
te	PAST	Her nails scraped exquisitely along the heavy , throbbing length of him .
te	PRES	Right then , a coldness overtook her .
te	PAST	" When the city of Huron was built many epochs ago , a strange thing occurred .
te	PRES	Emma shakes her head .
te	PAST	The way he won everyone over .
te	PRES	he wonders , his fingers wrapping around the doorknob .
te	PAST	His pelvis bumped her ass .
te	PRES	They wrench on my leg and my fingers slip from my rescuer .
te	PRES	If you 're going to go all prude on me . "
te	PAST	One by one they spoke of amazing feats they accomplished , each tale seeming more outlandish than the last .
te	PRES	" I object . "
te	PRES	He increases his tempo as he hooks my thigh around his shoulder , giving him access to go deeper .
te	PAST	A loudspeaker squeaked and crackled to life .
te	PAST	Chuck roared with laughter and his already tired , reddish eyes watered again with tears .
te	PRES	I pictured it smashing into the side of his head .
te	PAST	" It is a distance to our lair , " he acknowledged .
te	PAST	He respected the legendary warrior , but he wasn 't afraid of him , and he didn 't feel he owed him an explanation .
te	PAST	" That didn 't matter to him , " Vincent retorted .
te	PAST	She concluded , " We must survive this war if we are to return our master to his Temple .
te	PAST	Titus grasped his mother 's hand and lifted Farrah onto his hip .
te	PAST	When at last he was confident he could stand without embarrassing himself , Gaius flowed to his feet , glaring at the witch .
te	PRES	English truly suits you . "
te	PAST	" Like a vampire , " he echoed , his voice losing its edge .
te	PRES	Jason 's head swam with questions .
te	PRES	" From what I understand , a lady requires permission to dance the waltz , Your Grace .
te	PRES	" I 'm sorry , " I stammer out after a while , trying to put a more hopeful spin on everything .
te	PRES	" No biscuits ? "
te	PAST	" I 'm so glad to see you , " he confided .
te	PAST	Strangely , this stirred up anger through my chest as I felt her aggressive attitude wasn 't justified .
te	PAST	The locker creaked , then burst open .
te	PAST	She gulped and breathed in and out slowly .
te	PRES	I wave goodbye and enter the house , which is now free of anyone but family .
te	PAST	" Good lord man , this isn 't the middle ages where you sell your daughter off for some political alliance or a herd of goats . "
te	PAST	Something stirred in the back of my mind .
te	PRES	Like a peacock , Hot Rod . "
te	PRES	Once back at the train station we rented two jeeps and headed to the north side .
te	PAST	In front of them all , a silver Mercedes crept slowly past the bus station .
te	PAST	A storm of emotions ripped through her .
te	PRES	But his letter shows that he survived the fighting , and now he 's coming home .
te	PAST	Don 't go anywhere , " he pleaded .
te	PRES	Never argue with a drunk , dude . "
te	PAST	" You are very quiet tonight , " Stefan mused when they were seated side by side on a fallen log .
te	PRES	He shakes Jonathan 's hand and a strange look passes between them .
te	PAST	Paolo mimicked him , " Don 't be silly , Poppa . "
te	PRES	He laughs softly , shaking his head .
te	PRES	The shorts went flying and he lay , rigid , letting her stroke him , cup him , tease him .
te	PRES	" The benefit this weekend . "
te	PAST	The cab listed abruptly .
te	PAST	He thrust inside of her , over and over .
te	PAST	We both contributed and it was time for me to pay tribute -- which was the true cause of Obsession in the first place -- of course .
te	PRES	Even a teenage girl notices .
te	PRES	" Its best you advise him to stay away from those swindlers . "
te	PAST	Looking back at her , he stroked her face with a shaking thumb .
te	PAST	He spotted Missy just as she jumped up and kicked him in the back with a pretty impressive move .
te	PAST	His lips stroked my skin , making me tremble for him .
te	PRES	Smiling broadly , she nods her head a couple times then walks away .
te	PAST	she protested with disbelief , and then asked uncertainly , " Is it ? "
te	PAST	She chatted to Angelo , Tony 's youngest brother , who was the groomsman partnering her .
te	PRES	It hurt everything inside her , all this ruin .
te	PRES	My heart sinks ; he doesn 't move .
te	PRES	You deserve better than that . "
te	PAST	After checking there was no other way they clambered into the opening and found themselves standing on a lower level of steps extending into the darkness .
te	PRES	" Sorry honey , but you 'll have to wait until you are older . "
te	PAST	I brush my face against her hair , inhaling the scent that still captivates me .
te	PRES	My three uncles peer down , their fat necks bulging from starched white collars .
te	PAST	His eyes bulged when a bullet hit him in the back and came out the front of his chest .
te	PAST	Awareness tingled to the roots of her hair .
te	PAST	The other two men blocked the left end of the booth .
te	PRES	That raises my brows .
te	PRES	She pauses , and her voice takes on a somber note .
te	PRES	Delighted they poured themselves into the lifeless dragons causing them to arise with unnatural movements .
te	PAST	Symes heaved a sigh .
te	PRES	Many Iron fey gather here , for one reason . "
te	PAST	A club hailed down and hit Thor hard on the back , but he continued to climb .
te	PRES	" Hmm , " Axel grunted , seeming to accept the explanation .
te	PAST	Chapter Ten I was having lunch with Roxi at the Electric Lotus .
te	PRES	It appears to be Maud 's last diary entry . '
te	PRES	As I said , only fools refuse to put their pride aside . "
te	PAST	With shaky arms , I heaved myself out of the hole and scrambled to my feet .
te	PAST	Light from the kitchen spilled onto his head and shoulders .
te	PRES	She nods again , looking pained .
te	PRES	" Please , tell me what happened , " she pleads , sounding convincingly comforting .
te	PRES	" Careful , that 's tender young flesh .
te	PAST	" Or maybe some Trolls , " he mused .
te	PAST	Razz stroked his tie and took a deep breath .
te	PRES	Mari walks over to the pile and thrusts it at Trystan before she turns to the little bathroom in her room .
te	PAST	" I 'm a nurse , not a doctor , " she corrected him .
te	PAST	Who taught him all these tricks ?
te	PAST	The taunt speared Celestino , who roared with anger and grief .
te	PAST	Uncle Malik banged on the front door with his fist .
te	PAST	When her brother placed a hand on her back , she quivered .
te	PRES	Two vampires who 'd lain down together , hands intertwined , and wouldn 't awaken again .
te	PRES	" Yeah , " I squeak a little uncomfortably .
te	PRES	He avoids my eyes .
te	PAST	A golden band glittering with iridescent onyx stones encircled his ring finger .
te	PRES	Tammie shakes her head .
te	PAST	They crept across the parking lot , keeping as far away from obstructions as possible .
te	PAST	But top hats , purses and papers all spilled into the void below .
te	PRES	" I don 't think so , " I croak .
te	PRES	" So many gifts . "
te	PAST	No one ever guessed his jealousy of our longevity would lead him to commit the atrocities that he has over the centuries . "
te	PRES	Sunlight reflects off the tiled floor from the French door that leads to the garden at back .
te	PRES	The track itself was hard sponge while the oval was cheap fake turf .
te	PAST	" Means you 're strong in here , " he formed a fist and thumped it against his chest .
te	PRES	It really shows off your curves . "
te	PRES	" Go play with yourself , Barnabas !
te	PRES	It hurts to even say it .
te	PRES	Timothy nods to Marcus , knowing he just saved his life .
te	PAST	He remarked that he had been on the beach too and had seen how the whore couldn 't get enough of that slick nigger .
te	PRES	" The Indian Ocean . "
te	PAST	Chapter 37 Tennessee , August 2012 Anna tapped her foot impatiently .
te	PAST	He was committed to her , committed to their marriage , committed to their child ; and God willing , he fully intended to prove it .
te	PAST	He stroked her hand , the leer intensifying .
te	PAST	Her lips twitched slightly , anticipating .
te	PAST	" Let me through , " he bellowed , but no one heard him over the panic .
te	PRES	It appears that the police have been called to your residence several times over the past few months , well , years actually . "
te	PAST	He focused his gaze on the bare , pale skin of her neck He licked his lips as he imagined what she would taste like .
te	PRES	And something clicks in my mind .
te	PRES	Serena shakes her head .
te	PAST	When I overheard Kurt talking with Fuchs , it sealed things .
te	PAST	" So they were one-third right , " he cracked , trying to lighten the mood again .
te	PRES	He avoids my eyes .
te	PAST	Two bright spots of color stained Tasha 's cheeks .
te	PAST	At the fireplace , he kneeled at the hearth and slipped his fingers underneath one of the floorboards .
te	PRES	Sleep well Sky . "
te	PRES	" I 'm , um , sorry , if I , uh , did something to offend you earlier , " she manages to say .
te	PAST	' Like a man possessed . '
te	PRES	I freeze , gripping the edge of the table .
te	PAST	The two of them , a man and a woman , exchanged an uneasy look behind Dobson 's back .
te	PRES	It really it useless . "
te	PRES	" Whatever happens , Abby , I won 't let anything ruin this . "
te	PRES	Our school backs up to a humongous woods and that woods borders a marshland and another state forest .
te	PAST	The bright lights seared my eyes for all of a minute , but by then my escorts had shut the door on the cell .
te	PAST	I flopped down across from him and picked at a tuft of grass .
te	PAST	" No , World War I was the downfall of the aristocracy , " Colin contradicted sardonically .
te	PRES	" It depends on how much money you have . "
te	PAST	The surface of the blister pulsed with swirling green lights and was translucent enough to reveal shadows moving within it .
te	PAST	Two streets away , the man they were talking about strode off trying to conceal his agitation .
te	PRES	" No one appears in high society without gloves or hats . "
te	PAST	Faces paled , sweat beaded on temples , and people almost swooned .
te	PAST	Delilah cooed moving closer to Boone .
te	PRES	The girls still tan with their tops undone .
te	PRES	There is a lot of different soups , she pauses and laughs as she holds up a can of French onion soup .
te	PAST	He crept still nearer , and suddenly he saw peering between two big boulders a head with a red hood on : it was Balin doing look-out .
te	PRES	Gabe twists around in his seat to hammer me with his eyes .
te	PRES	Raven woke sobbing , her hands curling around Mikhail 's neck , clutching him to her , hot tears spilling onto his chest .
te	PAST	While in deep thought the door creaked up .
te	PAST	He 'd arrange them in interesting patterns and color formations , consumed by the process itself .
te	PRES	Still a bit drunk .
te	PRES	" The psychic ? "
te	PRES	From the corner of her eye , Less spots the discarded entity of dark power .
te	PAST	" Jake ... " His name scraped out of her convulsing throat .
te	PRES	" The good manners . "
te	PAST	Nicola stilled , her mind whirling .
te	PRES	He keeps saying that what Ethan shows the world and what he does behind those closed gates could be two different things . "
te	PRES	Naturally , the agency prefers to place newborns with established families .
te	PAST	With an impatient sound , Victor captured her face in his hands and leaned down to steal a kiss that jolted through her with stunning force .
te	PAST	Warm droplets of blood splattered my face .
te	PRES	He nods his head .
te	PRES	Every week you three complain that no one new ever comes to visit you . "
te	PRES	As my fingers wander all over her body , the contentment shifts to passion .
te	PAST	His words were spoken slowly , each one labored .
te	PRES	Morgan James murdered him . "
te	PAST	The scent of his skin , warm and musky , aroused her .
te	PRES	He leans back against the pil ow .
te	PAST	" She definitely is mysterious with her herbs and all , " Cecily confirmed .
te	PRES	He stands and his posture is so menacing , my heart skips a beat .
te	PAST	Her chin angled to a lovely fae point .
te	PAST	He strode past a desk clerk , who protested ineffectually without even rising from her chair and up to the fishbowl detective offices .
te	PRES	They demand to see such things clearly , as if the gods were no more than letters written in a book .
te	PRES	What worries you ? "
te	PAST	She yearned for it .
te	PRES	Then her lips graze my shaft , and I can 't stop myself from looking .
te	PAST	Amber deserved it all !
te	PRES	Don nods , and that 's our tacit compromise .
te	PAST	Blood everywhere , a circle on the floor in the middle of the room and feathers , feathers everywhere , for God 's sake .
te	PRES	" Third and fourth squads , " he began , urgent .
te	PRES	" What concerns you concerns me . "
te	PRES	I refuse to be happy . "
te	PRES	It rushes through me , like razor sharp poison , jagged edges catching my skin , tearing me apart on the inside .
te	PRES	Instead of helping me , Mrs. Somers ' words pained me .
te	PRES	" An insurance fraud investigator .
te	PAST	Drops of sweat formed on my upper lip as people stared at me , awaiting my response .
te	PAST	Sweating , I traced back through my memory .
te	PAST	They unbuckled their belts and stood in front of their seats , applauding him .
te	PAST	His father barked orders , and he took them from him like a lackey .
te	PAST	" I think your friend likes to keep secrets , " Byron remarked to Jewell .
te	PAST	" And remind me again , what war ? "
te	PAST	She tasted her own tears .
te	PRES	Emotion swam in their depths .
te	PAST	He roared , loud and long , pulling back and slamming forward over and over again .
te	PRES	Chapter Twenty-five London 's dark and dirty , the dim skies oozing rain .
te	PAST	She followed after him while he led her to the back of the garage where he had two very nice , expensive catamarans docked .
te	PAST	He stroked her arm .
te	PAST	The filth dripped from the cages .
te	PRES	Isaac keeps his voice up so everyone can hear , though he addresses only the boy .
te	PRES	He beats me , your Highness .
te	PRES	God blinks and our lives are over . "
te	PAST	Ned tapped his pen against his notepad .
te	PRES	" I know you will , " she replies evenly .
te	PAST	Carmine strolled through the parking lot behind his uncle .
te	PRES	" Hard liquor . "
te	PRES	One of them leapt at me so quickly I barely had time to react .
te	PAST	Monica punched her in the stomach , driving out what little air she had , and Claire whooped for breath .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	When I open it up and find the four lines in a child 's large print staring back at me , a chill rushes through me .
te	PAST	So he 'd guessed she needed to de-stress after the ultrasound .
te	PAST	And , tinged with shame , it occurred to him that it rather diluted his guilt .
te	PAST	Instead I savored the sensation , the feel of his full mouth against mine .
te	PAST	Marcus strode toward the door .
te	PRES	Curious , ain 't it ? "
te	PRES	" The ones who worship Lilith .
te	PAST	She spotted her book and dropped nimbly from the tree , crouching to scoop it up .
te	PAST	" Well , we just have to focus on the bigger picture " Abi declared suddenly getting up from her chair .
te	PRES	Does he bowl ? "
te	PRES	How dare he accuse her of cheating on him !
te	PRES	Who owns what ? '
te	PAST	Anger sizzled so hot he wanted to beat his chest like a caveman and howl at the moon in frustration .
te	PAST	The slowing of the car roused me .
te	PRES	I wan na kiss you without her mean mugging me . "
te	PRES	I approach him and he looks up when he sees me .
te	PAST	I detected something in your response to me that seems like you really could use someone who is not involved in whatever is troubling you .
te	PAST	Edwin tapped her shoulder .
te	PRES	Walk with me . '
te	PRES	" Show yourselves ! "
te	PAST	Images sprang up on the panels , showing coral and the calm swirling of sea particles .
te	PAST	My eyes travelled from his collarbones down to his abs .
te	PRES	The thought of being stuck in these woods in the dark with a madman after me made my stomach twist around itself .
te	PAST	Ned puckered his lips .
te	PAST	With that , he strolled across to the doorway leading into the comm room .
te	PAST	Nicholas purred in my ear .
te	PAST	The barrel next to him rocked gently as he leaned against it , lost in a chaos of terrible thoughts .
te	PAST	Mom gestured us to come into the living room .
te	PRES	I aim and throw the key ring up .
te	PRES	Well , I wan na see it .
te	PAST	I hovered in the darkness , my wings beating gently , and I stared at the diamond that lay in my palm .
te	PRES	I just pray to God that I won 't have to .
te	PAST	She eased away from the wall .
te	PRES	The door swings open .
te	PAST	" Yes , " Mayhem confirmed .
te	PRES	He walks over to the edge of the canopy we 're standing under , heading toward the parking lot .
te	PRES	He rushes me and as soon as my door slams we tear out of the parking lot and into the darkened city .
te	PAST	So I rammed the flat of my hand hard into his mashed nose , driving splinters of broken bone into his brain and killing him instantly .
te	PRES	Jenny shakes her head .
te	PRES	But then ... comfort rushes over me .
te	PRES	And then the life in her face grows cold once more .
te	PAST	Amber dashed over to answer it , " Hello ... ?
te	PRES	" Rather disgusting . "
te	PAST	" That was in fact an English word that Mark has just sung , " he blurted sarcastically .
te	PAST	Bright light stabbed into the shed .
te	PRES	But a job like that requires a degree or even better , a pedigree .
te	PRES	He stirs , then groans , but that is all .
te	PAST	Blood flowed more rapidly from the wound as soon as she pulled the tweezers away .
te	PRES	From his rotund torso to his elephantine limbs , blubber deformed his body .
te	PRES	Emma shouts as she attempts to flee .
te	PAST	Silent tears spilled down Nancy 's cheeks .
te	PAST	The woman accompanying her voiced her own thoughts .
te	PAST	The underbrush crunched as they walked , quiet and a bit sodden with mist dew .
te	PAST	I chewed my lip , trying to put my thoughts into words .
te	PRES	" Thanks , " I croak .
te	PRES	She shakes her head and adjusts my pillows .
te	PRES	The idea of not being with Olivia , or Evie and their parents , scares me more than I care to admit .
te	PAST	Your own adopted sister . "
te	PRES	The ball tumbles through the air , then bounces on the ground with a thud .
te	PRES	" Child , you understand so little of the world you rule . "
te	PRES	" Your prom ? "
te	PRES	They knelt down staring at the floor .
te	PRES	" My congratulations ! "
te	PRES	While I have you here , would you mind if I run some scans and grab some DNA samples ? "
te	PRES	After seeing to the dogs , the men pounded extra pegs securing their tents into the ground .
te	PAST	Griffin and Adelaide had both possessed off-the-charts talent .
te	PAST	She flopped down onto it and immediately sank deep into its fluff .
te	PAST	" What I wouldn 't give to have Saylor - " I plugged my ears .
te	PRES	My hand warms from the pressure .
te	PAST	So I trailed my fingers down his back and closed my eyes and focused on only him .
te	PRES	He tilts in his chin , his eyes never wavering from mine .
te	PRES	Everyone who doesn 't die of heart failure dies of pneumonia . "
te	PAST	A receptionist at a desk blocked me from going in .
te	PAST	Amelia wrinkled her nose .
te	PAST	Once inside , Greta sprang from Charlee 's arms and bolted for the bathroom .
te	PAST	She tapped my silver purse against her thigh .
te	PAST	Darryl blurted out quickly .
te	PAST	Said the daughter of the unconscious woman and took a few steps .
te	PRES	" How about you do us all a big favor and don 't make any wishes for a while ?
te	PAST	He tapped the cargo pocket on his right thigh .
te	PAST	I was being a perfect gentleman , " Ted protested indignantly , but not very convincingly .
te	PAST	Okay , her dad deserved to be nervous .
te	PAST	Now , I suddenly grasped the other consequences .
te	PAST	Her words were soft and round , all the sharp edges filed off until she sounded like an angry wind chime .
te	PAST	Rosie 's mother pursed her lips .
te	PAST	Eventually Cass and George excused themselves from the party , saying they needed to catch up on some sleep .
te	PAST	When the door shut , Colin addressed Belinda .
te	PAST	Her words trailed off .
te	PAST	Her skin tingled in the aftermath of his touch .
te	PAST	A gush of cool air flowed in .
te	PAST	The flames flickered and danced and released a fragrance conducive to healing and comfort .
te	PRES	" Rightly , rightly .
te	PAST	Hank strutted through the huddle and stood within striking distance of Stick , who was much smaller but managed to maintain his cockiness .
te	PAST	" I was , though , " she argued , willing him to believe it .
te	PAST	they echoed in unison .
te	PRES	" Request a transfer , " Gage suggests .
te	PRES	He sits up at attention , spreading his fingers flat across the desk .
te	PAST	Lifting her glasses , she dabbed at her eyes .
te	PRES	" I myself will make sure Dugin finds out about our conversation . "
te	PAST	The wolf 's shape contorted , stretched , shimmered in the smoke of the fire , and soon a large , heavily muscled man was facing Jacques .
te	PAST	I grasped my chest where it felt like a weight was on my heart .
te	PRES	Marshall glows in colors that I 've never seen before .
te	PRES	My head hurts and instantly I want to go visit Monarch .
te	PAST	Holly broke into his dark thoughts , her brow furrowed as she regarded him with a sudden uncertainty .
te	PAST	" I would love to , " I kneeled down like Kiran had , to her level .
te	PRES	The muzzle of my gun sweeps the dense , waist-high grasses of the field that surrounds us , and the shadowy trees that line the property .
te	PRES	It 's pigs who squeal , the miserable bastards .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	" Tsk , tsk ... I 'm teasing . "
te	PRES	" Look , I know you don 't really like her - " " That 's just it , John , " she interrupts .
te	PAST	I scooped it up with a paper towel and tried not to feel its soft weight as I delivered it to the outside trash bin .
te	PAST	' Oh dear indeed , my fine companion , ' he leant forward .
te	PRES	Especial y in the instances of vampirism .
te	PRES	" A lot of laughs .
te	PAST	I blurted it out without thinking first .
te	PRES	She walks down the hallway and returns a moment later with a DVD in her hands .
te	PRES	She turns around and lunges at him with a hug , Lexy follows suit .
te	PAST	Bolt flopped down into a chair and sat his feet up on the low coffee table .
te	PAST	I 'll show you , " Clementine snarled .
te	PRES	He leapt down the stairs and saw her .
te	PRES	She nods toward the hunk hulking behind Ginger .
te	PRES	" Like one of his stone gargoyles . "
te	PRES	But still fundamentally frantic and tense .
te	PRES	" What about your folks ?
te	PRES	You refuse to help with the concert honoring Maestro Hauptmann ? "
te	PRES	' And with its arrival we ... ' ' Now , ' I thought .
te	PRES	Peters puts the report down on the railing of the witness box , as if trying to distance himself from it .
te	PRES	From a wall hangs a time-worn pair of wooden skis .
te	PAST	I cautiously formed my answer .
te	PAST	The men above me crowded around .
te	PRES	Everything about her hangs .
te	PRES	She cheerfully and obediently complied .
te	PRES	The shopkeeper smiled at her , his eyes seeming to linger on her face for a long moment before he glanced to Andreas .
te	PRES	He owns the local furniture and carpet sales company .
te	PAST	He skimmed his hand over her hair , palming the back of her head .
te	PRES	" What an asshole . "
te	PRES	" Shane , I -- " " Morganville 's changing you , " he said .
te	PRES	" We came back from 2155 , " Lawrence replies as he plops down into his office chair .
te	PRES	" And they deserve to know they are being deceived . "
te	PRES	Dervish howls , trying to force his way through to her but failing .
te	PRES	Even so , I mourn the destruction of the valley , seeing how destitute it has become .
te	PAST	It shamed him to think of it .
te	PAST	Ripples on the blue-green surface in front of him shimmered in the waning sun of a warm fall afternoon .
te	PAST	He sipped his beer and glanced at her .
te	PAST	Only last time I was letting y ' all go , " he corrected .
te	PRES	No time for that , she scolded herself .
te	PRES	" What if that ghost shows up ? "
te	PAST	I rocked back on my heels and almost toppled over before I managed to find my balance .
te	PAST	He deserved that much .
te	PAST	Fiona 's hand grasped mine again and squeezed as Rachel giggled wickedly , likely pitying me .
te	PRES	They becomes of time in time lion , dog , monkey , mouse , rabbit , according to the situation and of whom have of forehead .
te	PRES	Ervin shakes his head .
te	PAST	Winkler tapped on the connecting door before walking inside .
te	PRES	But Nikolas led David upstairs , his skeletal fingers gripping the railing tight in order to ascend two at a time .
te	PRES	I demand of Lennox .
te	PAST	I only listened to a little bit of each song , but I can 't wait to listen for real later , " Charlotte gushed .
te	PRES	I pray that the right man will be worthy of her one day , that she will find the joy in marriage as I have found .
te	PRES	Everything exists within the law of Entropy and anything which appears to contradict this is just a local eddy . "
te	PAST	" Hey , Chelsea , " Marcy greeted her .
te	PAST	Already tall , he now towered above us .
te	PRES	She grabs me by the hand and heads straight for Adair and Max .
te	PRES	" What about the other Titans ?
te	PRES	Then the footage cuts off .
te	PRES	He grabs another fork and then finally manages to flip it out onto a plate .
te	PRES	The little German pul ed out an ear tube from his case and listened to her bel y attentively .
te	PAST	But after reading the silver journal he realised he had more pressing matters to tackle .
te	PRES	" Okay , enough complaining about the future .
te	PAST	She stirred in my arms , wiggling her ass .
te	PRES	Markus laughs as we drift into the wide front hallway .
te	PAST	She shivered and rubbed the back of her neck .
te	PAST	Dark heat spiraled through him , robbed him of breath .
te	PRES	Even if some of them die , it still spreads and grows .
te	PAST	And with that the crow bowed deeply .
te	PAST	The old guard chewed it over , and at last nodded his head , face bowed down , thick beard twisted and unclean .
te	PRES	He walks through the door , takes one look at me and wraps his arms around my waist .
te	PAST	The light silhouetted her , her gown gently swaying as she walked .
te	PRES	She appears not to have been hurt , and that relieves my mind , for like a second .
te	PAST	The tone of his voice indicated there would be no further discussion .
te	PRES	The moon hangs over the stadium , a sliver in the sky .
te	PAST	The promise of a quick retrieval of the fork eased her mind somewhat .
te	PRES	He blinks , then tries to find the right response .
te	PRES	Someone agrees with me !
te	PAST	A strange look flickered in his eyes as he said this .
te	PRES	The sun was even farther down now , but there was enough of it to strike sparks off the obsidian stars along the central ridge .
te	PRES	" You are , " he agrees .
te	PRES	It sucks to have teachers offering to help me and make it easier for me and remind everyone what I am .
te	PAST	A little burst of heat exploded in Faith 's belly and quickly spread outward to warm the rest of her .
te	PAST	He tapped the edge of the glass thoughtfully .
te	PRES	CHAPTER NINE They 'd been driving for hours when David finally pulled off the highway .
te	PRES	She winces at the pain .
te	PAST	He summoned tea and poured them both cups , and as he sat beside her on the sofa , he saw her shift closer to him .
te	PRES	They deserve to know what 's been going on . "
te	PAST	Letting up on the throttle , Laura eased the boat into its slip at the marina .
te	PRES	He unlocks his door and reaches inside for his phone .
te	PAST	" Right , " Leo confirmed .
te	PRES	" This can count as the rough road where they got their first flat , " Caleb suggests .
te	PAST	He punched the wall once , twice , leaving a groove identical to the ones he 'd seen in Reyes 's room .
te	PRES	Between us , the mood shifts , heating by infinitesimal degrees .
te	PRES	Jeff backs up on the log , his eyes showing his absolute disbelief .
te	PRES	" Everyone smells the same in my time .
te	PRES	It rushes at my legs , trying to topple me , but with his help , I push onto the other shore .
te	PRES	she shouts , peering into the car , almost empty except for a few pieces of clothing , a blanket or two in a wad .
te	PAST	Their cries echoed after him until the breeze claimed them , and they were lost to all but his memory .
te	PAST	She slowly chewed , thoughtfully appraising .
te	PRES	A lot depends on how the fighting round Wexford went .
te	PAST	A certain path occurred to me at that moment .
te	PAST	She licked her lips nervously as she pulled away .
te	PRES	" While waiting for my pre-ordered DVDs to arrive , and never keeping the files for more than 24 hours !
te	PRES	" The Bureau values the experiments above GD lives .
te	PRES	I giggle when I 'm nervous . "
te	PRES	Alec knelt in front of me .
te	PRES	Oil Wrestlers Gone Wild . "
te	PRES	We beg that you will not report our transgression to the Grand Administrator . "
te	PAST	But the word " freedom " echoed through her once more .
te	PRES	He leans against it , shifting the mass of his weight into his raised hands .
te	PRES	He puts the gun away and escorts the doctor out of the room giving our family some privacy .
te	PRES	He sits on a chair in front of the bridge .
te	PAST	He gestured to the rows of seats indicating we could watch the action live if we preferred but we were mainly interested in returning to the food .
te	PAST	Her mother deserved an Oscar for this performance .
te	PAST	He simply acknowledged , " Not much " , and started to shuffle back the way he had come .
te	PRES	Virtual kidnappings that ended in virtual torture and incarceration from which people were unable to Lift themselves back to the Wake .
te	PAST	Mark Wong , my dentist , hailed me .
te	PRES	" It puts you perfectly within their hands . "
te	PRES	Meryl crosses her arms .
te	PAST	Alexia congratulated her friends on yet another fine performance .
te	PAST	Gabriel kindly consented to craft him a secure storage for the precious pet and waived good bye .
te	PRES	A hologram of Pox appears .
te	PAST	He yearned for a declaration of war .
te	PAST	The insolent youth doubled over .
te	PAST	" Please , just ... be careful , " she pleaded .
te	PRES	The heartbreak in his eyes when I told him goodbye .
te	PRES	" Like that scares me .
te	PAST	His finger asserted just a wee bit more pressure .
te	PAST	he congratulated , limping over as fast as he could to smother her in a hug .
te	PRES	Gage pauses a good long time before answering .
te	PAST	Fletcher 's sharp green eyes tracked up and down my body , silently assessing my injuries .
te	PAST	I loaded the second Glock too , and stuck it in my waistband at the small of my back .
te	PAST	" Okay , your stepdad . "
te	PRES	Rosa sits , smiling and nodding .
te	PRES	" Or Gloriana , that bitch . "
te	PAST	With the blistering heat fingering his flesh , he plunked out the metal pipe holding the freezer door shut .
te	PRES	Reaching out , he grabs her chin and forces her face up to meet his .
te	PRES	She wonders if this is even a possible option .
te	PAST	He pocketed the paper and tore back up the stairs toward Savannah .
te	PRES	She pauses , musing over something .
te	PRES	Once it slides open , it reveals a neat room with more furniture than I have and a wet haired Rian .
te	PRES	" As in hunting for ducks . "
te	PRES	" Maybe , " I said , " if they 'd been better trackers it could have gone far worse . "
te	PRES	' And it suits you well .
te	PRES	* Ethan escorts Emma into a dimly lit Chinese restaurant .
te	PAST	I went back to the mat and bowed , and the second I got a chance , I attacked with everything I had .
te	PRES	He watches and sees everything because there are cameras everywhere .
te	PAST	He brushes my hair back from my shoulder .
te	PAST	He intended to drop directly onto the meadow close to the boat shed .
te	PAST	The bastard deserved it .
te	PRES	He shakes his head , more water building up in his eyes .
te	PRES	Tammie reflects back to the day it all happened .
te	PRES	I resist the urge to stare at Jael , knowing he probably expects it .
te	PAST	Raphael sprang for the spot of lethal light on the floor , and Magnus sprang at Raphael .
te	PAST	That mouth twitched again .
te	PAST	He hunkered down for the long wait for nightfall . .
te	PRES	He sits beside me with his legs crossed and gives me a wry grin .
te	PRES	Angelina knelt down before Sam , who had his eyes tightly shut , like he had been told .
te	PAST	Sam chewed at her fingernails .
te	PRES	As it pops and I howl with shock and agony , he sweeps his hand back in the opposite direction and rips my right eye out .
te	PRES	She grins and orders her usual .
te	PRES	He descends a step , and leans against a roof support as he considers me .
te	PRES	My scalp grows cold regardless of the pressing heat .
te	PAST	" Very many , " Catcher guessed .
te	PRES	I clutch at it and hear a whisper fast in my ear .
te	PAST	In a pink shirt and navy suit , he strode purposefully toward the other elevator .
te	PAST	Beyond the house , a handful of tall wind turbines blended perfectly with the stone pillars .
te	PAST	Her selfishness defined her .
te	PRES	She challenges him for the truth ?
te	PAST	The weight of someone 's stare burrowed into the back of her head .
te	PRES	Alec knelt down on the other side of the glimmering wall .
te	PAST	He gunned his truck and shot past as if he couldn 't get away from Cheyenne 's fast enough .
te	PAST	Were you there when they pried him out of my arms ?
te	PAST	He can 't help you , " a deep voice snarled from above her .
te	PAST	They were standing once more by the cave entrance , their task completed .
te	PRES	Someone in the distance shouts that the paramedics are on their way .
te	PAST	I owed Erik that much .
te	PRES	Isaac walks inside the house to the voices of a dozen concerned people : " Isaac , what 's going on ? "
te	PRES	" Okay , Aunty Lucky . "
te	PAST	He taught me that .
te	PRES	" In the pot . "
te	PRES	" No buts . "
te	PAST	I spotted one of the silver containers Malik had brought in earlier , on the floor next to the cot I was sitting on .
te	PRES	When she 's out of sight , Trick appears at my side .
te	PRES	The corner shop closes at ten , and Derek left at half eight .
te	PAST	She wrinkled her nose .
te	PRES	Boone leans back in the booth , his eyes roaming over the crowd .
te	PRES	9 " Wake up , Mags .
te	PAST	He huffed out a laugh , and she saw the strain on his face .
te	PRES	What lads they were !
te	PRES	" Actually no , " she admits .
te	PAST	The creature slumped back to the ground , the tentacle flopping uselessly back as Darnell dropped it .
te	PRES	And every single person she helps dies an early death .
te	PAST	The same dark , red brick architectural style dominated the buildings at Kingsley .
te	PRES	The fire sparks and I drift this winter 's afternoon away .
te	PAST	Through the sheer curtains she could see Jack , walking slowly along the path , his hands thrust deep into his pockets .
te	PRES	The President claps demurely .
te	PRES	Other residents adopt a more sensible theory and state that many of the people in that town are simply crazy .
te	PAST	" Knew you were alive , " she panted .
te	PRES	" My chest hurts .
te	PAST	' You don 't have four feet , ' he objected .
te	PRES	CHAPTER 19 O villain , villain , smiling , damned villain !
te	PAST	Sure , they argued from time to time about stupid stuff , but they never went to bed angry .
te	PAST	Marjory 's voice cracked .
te	PAST	He blocked its approach with his feet and slammed the door behind him , stunned to see Cleo sitting on his couch .
te	PRES	* * * Serena cries out , throwing her arms in front of her .
te	PRES	He tugs at the hem of my dress , walking me backward .
te	PRES	" The children , " the Indian woman snarls .
te	PRES	Someone hits me and I don 't shatter . "
te	PRES	Those who come here usually aim to exterminate me .
te	PRES	Watching home improvement shows .
te	PAST	Persephone huffed and spun on her heel .
te	PAST	Jack recalled firing a lightning cannon once during infantry training .
te	PRES	" And if such a gesture is not given , what results ? "
te	PRES	I squint at JT .
te	PAST	The more he learned about her , the more he disliked her .
te	PRES	Give me something else to think about , I beg , or I will go mad .
te	PAST	Asha hissed and screeched .
te	PAST	" I 'm not your son , Detective Carter , " I remarked , sarcastically .
te	PAST	I withheld my power on her and she again turn to run .
te	PRES	He swings around again to look at the image , before turning back to his colleague .
te	PRES	Izzy hums as she opens the fridge and pulls out a bottle of beer for me .
te	PRES	" A theft , but not a pickpocket theft .
te	PRES	The look in his eyes threatens to break me .
te	PAST	Her breath stuttered and she stared at him , her hand trembling against her throat .
te	PAST	He gestured to Sasuke .
te	PAST	Ben confidently drummed his desk with his fingers .
te	PRES	She sits up suddenly .
te	PAST	She admired the metal tube and the transparent bulb and lens on the end .
te	PRES	The Codex confirms a guardian angel for each soul .
te	PRES	She laughs , and Friday shoves her in the shoulder .
te	PAST	Seeing no opposition , he jogged down the corridor , which ran into the bowels of the ship .
te	PAST	It formed into a ball and mushroom up through the moon 's dark atmosphere .
te	PAST	Len 's voice echoed from behind and we all turned to his direction .
te	PRES	She laughs in such a way that I can tell this actually bothers her more than she is caring to let on .
te	PAST	He tapped his watch .
te	PAST	She ripped it through the air with an authoritative whoosh .
te	PRES	" Yeah , " Mai agrees .
te	PRES	Lynn scowls at him .
te	PRES	It drives a knife right through my heart . "
te	PRES	Before he had the chance to figure it out , his cell starting buzzing .
te	PAST	Without thought or consideration , William eased her toward the bed , never once breaking from the kiss .
te	PAST	Mirabeau flopped back in her seat with a sigh .
te	PAST	Silk chewed thoughtfully on a fingernail .
te	PRES	He nods and drives off .
te	PAST	His back bowed and the dagger fell to the pavement .
te	PAST	Once I 'd gotten control of myself , I strolled back over to her .
te	PRES	I admire you for that .
te	PRES	" Your record shows that you visit on Tuesdays and Thursdays .
te	PAST	He gently stroked the edge of her chin , then dropping her face -- he turned and walked to the window .
te	PAST	" They can 't , " I hissed .
te	PAST	Two people I recognised .
te	PRES	" And the other option ? "
te	PRES	" It appears that you 've done our work for us today ... for the most part . "
te	PRES	She just sorta skirted around it .
te	PRES	It appears that during the last run by the northern offensive , your son 's unit was overtaken .
te	PRES	" Daddy cries sometimes , too .
te	PAST	" To the big outcropping over there ? "
te	PRES	CHAPTER THREE I was going to be sick .
te	PAST	The man paled in fear and then said eagerly , " can this be true ? "
te	PRES	' Art homework ? '
te	PRES	It clings to the mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on the rock .
te	PRES	" The gestation period lasts nine weeks , so you 've got another two weeks .
te	PRES	He appreciates every one of you for making his life a bit more special every day .
te	PRES	" Wood clans ? "
te	PRES	With an index finger , One caresses the building 's entry phone , heart pounding like first love .
te	PAST	She indicated a countdown display that counted from three down to one .
te	PAST	Big bastard with Gen One glyphs and a shaved head . "
te	PRES	" My master finds Lord Rafe to be something of an irritant . "
te	PRES	You wan na ' come over for a bit ? "
te	PRES	The drunken man shifts his body forward and wobbles toward us .
te	PRES	" Just kidding Doc . "
te	PAST	No one can make trouble while I ' m in charge , Jagger argued .
te	PRES	" It 's not enough , " Eric snarls .
te	PAST	One hour passed , I tiptoed down the hall to see if I could listen in to his conversation .
te	PRES	" Is Jules here ? "
te	PRES	My sandals clink on the glass floor as I zigzag up the path .
te	PAST	" Not rumors like this , " she retorted .
te	PAST	The overlapping reverberations from the pattering rain masked nearly all other sound .
te	PAST	The portly leader , whose name was Olaf , stroked absently at his beard , and then spoke .
te	PAST	Velvet , brown like the finest coffee , lit from within by her vitality and intellect , these eyes simmered the blood in his veins .
te	PAST	Neil gestured at his face , meaning Riko and Kevin 's tattoos .
te	PRES	" All hands prepare for combat .
te	PAST	She mustered her resolve , lifting her chin in reply .
te	PAST	The man aimed a fist at his face .
te	PRES	He somehow manages to haul open the front door , and pulls himself and Adam outside .
te	PRES	He leans back in the seat and looks up at the stage .
te	PRES	Wide neckline reveals her shoulders and sleeves that was long enough to cover her slender arms .
te	PAST	Something must have frightened them , for they disappeared suddenly ... but I would have noticed the tracks of a bear , or wolf .
te	PAST	" This is not something to be decided without a great deal of thought , " Lucien remarked .
te	PRES	Elliott raises an arm to escort me out , but I remove one more mask from the bureau .
te	PAST	Then the petty arguments resumed , building to a roar .
te	PAST	Eleanor unlocked and opened the camera in its mahogany frame .
te	PRES	Chapter 22 Lightning and Flame Terror .
te	PAST	She entwined her fingers with his and gave a supportive squeeze .
te	PRES	So I recommend that you get her in the sack and be done with it before you end up doing something foolish . "
te	PAST	A short electronic pulse indicated it was half past the hour .
te	PRES	Claire nods in agreement .
te	PRES	Still giggling , Madeline straightens up and claps me on the shoulder .
te	PAST	All rights reserved Cover copyright © 2012 by David W. Wright This is a work of fiction .
te	PAST	The pure truth of that statement resonated within her solar plexus .
te	PAST	Tom huffed out a breath .
te	PRES	The anxious late nights with his cranky , feverish daughter .
te	PRES	As I throw my weight against the metal between the door and the frame of the car , Motorcycle man appears next to me .
te	PAST	I tiptoed to the back door and let him in .
te	PAST	She strolled deeper into the living room .
te	PAST	Eliot 's right eye twitched , the one near the scar .
te	PAST	When we were younger , I encouraged her to go to school .
te	PAST	The house blazed even more , almost disappearing behind smoke and fire .
te	PAST	He bobbed his head , still involved in his own thoughts , his own worry for his friend .
te	PRES	I watches the Captain and wait .
te	PRES	But as the shadow begins to fade into the otherworld , a man appears .
te	PRES	All my unspoken fears .
te	PRES	" The first glove possesses two important things that it 's two cousins lack . "
te	PAST	His eyes dwelled on the air bubbles in the painted cinder block wall in front of him .
te	PRES	Someone gasps as the crunching of bones echoes off the trees , but I do not feel any additional pain .
te	PAST	A light flickered behind the French doors .
te	PAST	" It is too deep in the ruins to know for sure , but there 's not much else around it , " Kit confirmed .
te	PAST	We obeyed without comment , as was expected of us , and slid beneath our thick silk blankets .
te	PRES	" I will sir , " Aria replies with a smile .
te	PAST	" I also swore to do everything in my power to protect you .
te	PRES	If they can take the city , the advantage swings back to them .
te	PRES	" That sucks . "
te	PRES	" You wan na talk about it ? "
te	PAST	Sal indicated a hard orange case about the size of a laptop sitting on the center of the altar .
te	PAST	Behind Ranma , a large , muscular old man formed .
te	PRES	I twist into her , wrapping my arm around her waist , not really caring about any unspoken rules that might be in play tonight .
te	PAST	And by my family , I meant everyone , my father included .
te	PAST	She observed him suffer his little agony .
te	PRES	" Perhaps she also counts herself lucky to have found you . "
te	PAST	Nelson paled under her tasteful makeup .
te	PRES	She observes me over the rim of her new sunglasses .
te	PAST	Galloway rocked back on his heels .
te	PAST	Anyway , I adopted Susan 's suggestion .
te	PRES	Closing her eyes , Kylie wil ed Soldier Dude to leave .
te	PAST	She gestured toward the cops .
te	PRES	It sits in my tightened throat , filling my mouth like nausea .
te	PAST	I kneeled down , setting my rifle on the ground .
te	PRES	His hand travels down to his knee and his face twists in pain as he massages his kneecap .
te	PRES	His heart rushes with my touch .
te	PAST	The cleanse consisted of green tea with organic honey , and he also made me a lentil soup he insists will help me feel better .
te	PRES	As if someone , somewhere , had drawn them a road map to where they both wanted to go .
te	PAST	" Hey , babe , " he greeted before giving me a chaste kiss on the lips .
te	PRES	Christina punches over my head .
te	PRES	We pray to nothing .
te	PRES	" You need to speak to them Big Guy , " Warrior replies .
te	PAST	Kate scooped up her cat with one hand and bent to stroke the dogs with the other .
te	PRES	She shoves her hands into her sleeves and crosses to look out the window .
te	PRES	Beside us , Jesus sleeps .
te	PRES	Dad puts his mug down and walks over to Jayden .
te	PAST	As I looked inside the pot , fire roared up my throat .
te	PRES	Maci blinks and then runs to me , throwing her arms around my waist .
te	PRES	" Show powers , it frightens them . "
te	PAST	Arriving in front of his majesty , the knight kneeled and bowed his head in obedience .
te	PAST	He licked the jambs and the seam between the glass doors , causing them to melt together .
te	PAST	Weird , though . "
te	PRES	Looking anxious and uncertain , Lila grips the front of my shirt and tugs me with her as she walks backward toward the hallway .
te	PAST	Despite the wetness , warmth permeated the air .
te	PAST	" Fair enough , " he clipped out , annoyed that he 'd made his anger obvious to her , determined to clamp down on it .
te	PRES	Walking over to the tree he knelt down and placed the little gift beneath it , a perfect place for it to wait until Christmas morning .
te	PAST	Whether she admitted it to herself or not , a connection existed between them .
te	PAST	I traced my finger over the brushstrokes that formed her lips and cheek .
te	PAST	So you 're getting along well , " her friend echoed in knowing tones .
te	PRES	Water floods my eyes , and I grip my fork so tightly the metal bites into my skin .
te	PRES	" I didn 't say that , " he shouts , as he leaps out of the plane .
te	PRES	Will you pray with me in this hour of our sadness ? "
te	PAST	Willow punched Declan in the arm while simultaneously climbing on the broom to sit next to him .
te	PAST	She indicated his clothes .
te	PAST	Chris 's jaw locked , his eyes darkened as he briefly met Devon 's gaze once more .
te	PAST	Her voice cracked and she refused to move away from the cliff edge , refused to stop gazing down at Jack .
te	PRES	But Lucien , I warn you if you haven 't already noted this , my niece follows her heart .
te	PRES	" Is Rush there ? "
te	PRES	And hopefully , my memories of Emerson Sawyer along with it .
te	PRES	Ryan tilts his head , smiling .
te	PRES	" Daemon - " " And it has nothing to do with my raging dislike of the boy . "
te	PAST	I effectively blocked off all my emotions and worked without rest until it was time to go .
te	PAST	Please Jackson , pretty please with a cherry on top , please help us , " Jessie pleaded .
te	PAST	Evangeline spied an unsightly wound on the girl 's forearm and my stomach tightened .
te	PAST	Her father had always told her she wasted her money on books .
te	PAST	He bowed to the young woman solemnly , one palm to his chest , back of the other hand to the small of his spine .
te	PAST	The surrounding audience roared with laughter .
te	PRES	She stomps toward me , her small hands on her hips .
te	PAST	" Some boys grow up , " she observed .
te	PRES	She grabs my hand and pulls me into the first door we come to -- a sterile and darkened procedure room .
te	PAST	I hissed , and fell into the blissful darkness , of the void .
te	PAST	Something that required a lot of strength , she guessed .
te	PAST	" That must be nice , to live in a guilt-free world , " I observed .
te	PAST	Godspeed , Captain , " Sarah declared as they parted .
te	PRES	" Man , being grounded sucks rocks . "
te	PAST	More horns blared as other cars struggled to miss the careening automobile .
te	PRES	Blood rushes through by body , drilling against my skin so hard I feel I could burst , but I do not stop .
te	PAST	The flickering light from the consumed house spilled over the scene .
te	PRES	The figure knelt down in the grass next to her .
te	PRES	No fretting or moaning or frail cries for help .
te	PRES	As Kyle turns to walk away Timothy calls out , " Hey , would you do me one favor ? "
te	PAST	Holly wrinkled her nose .
te	PAST	His idea , I guessed , though he was tactful in his phrasing .
te	PRES	Elizabeth stood rigid , her arms at her sides , her thoughts warring with the dictates of her body .
te	PAST	Fintan guessed that he looked just like they did .
te	PRES	With those boobs ? "
te	PRES	My legs finally obey the commands my brain is giving them .
te	PRES	He grins and stands at the top of the stairs , looking down at five walkers .
te	PAST	Gunfire echoed from the tunnel ahead .
te	PRES	She triggering her weapon and took the torch from him .
te	PAST	Dare 's eyes darkened .
te	PAST	The man 's eyes bulged out of his head in terror and a muffled confusion ensued .
te	PAST	One tested the tire with his foot , but it sagged almost flat under his weight .
te	PRES	" Cheers , " I mumble .
te	PRES	While we house many unstable talents in this place , we lack ... an organised authority .
te	PAST	Out of habit , she plugged into the surveillance cameras near the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion to locate Raja .
te	PAST	" I 'm done , " she declared and dropped the fork on her empty plate .
te	PRES	" And what about Quinn ?
te	PRES	My gaze travels the length of him .
te	PRES	A surge of panic prickles her features .
te	PAST	She drummed her fingers on the desk blotter .
te	PRES	This meteorite contains the fossil of a bug ! "
te	PRES	She leapt into the air , clearing his head by a foot and landing behind him , blessedly close to the door .
te	PRES	My gaze sweeps the campus yard .
te	PAST	" My lord . "
te	PRES	She pretends not to notice but turns to busy herself with pouring more coffee from the thermos flask .
te	PAST	She thickened her protection in the room , just in case .
te	PAST	He bailed us all out .
te	PRES	Tonight , we feast ! "
te	PRES	She cries , ' Oh Hera !
te	PAST	" Or the concussive charges weakened the mountain 's infrastructure . "
te	PAST	Lost in the moment Johnny yearned to put his hands on the silk and bone of her corset as she played two keyboards comparatively well .
te	PAST	' I 'll hunt down every last one of the bastards if they do harm her , ' Johnnie declared .
te	PRES	Yeah , from not so best pals , to twins .
te	PRES	She continues , " All I 'm saying is that I 've seen you two together .
te	PRES	About the way some bastards shaft others to solve their cash flow problems .
te	PRES	She raises her eyebrow with speculation .
te	PAST	Kill me , you bastard ! "
te	PAST	She wrinkled her nose .
te	PRES	" We were trying out some designs , " I stumble to say .
te	PAST	He sipped his wine before he added , " Ironic that , because of you , we have proof of our faith .
te	PRES	He walks on , aiming for the North Street Station .
te	PAST	He tapped a finger .
te	PAST	His gaze held hers captive , never blinking , never looking away , until she felt consumed by him .
te	PAST	Two hazy faces hovered above him .
te	PRES	Without warning , a feeling of crushing fear overtook him .
te	PRES	Right now , Hugh sits beside Mary as they wait for the baby to be delivered to them .
te	PRES	I asked , my entire body tense .
te	PAST	" This is the woman I told you about , some guys attacked her a few blocks from here .
te	PRES	" Enough of this , " the Commander declares .
te	PRES	32 " Admiral ! "
te	PRES	He raises his dark eyebrows .
te	PRES	Haley asked , her heart suddenly pounding in her ears .
te	PRES	" Did Lila bake this morning ? "
te	PRES	" Nothing radically new , Master .
te	PAST	His voice cracked with emotion as he squeezed her hand .
te	PAST	Justus ' hand -- his mother 's youthful palm -- stroked Peter 's cheek and leaned in closer .
te	PAST	Across the road Elian spied a Northern delicacy -- lean pork wrapped in a blanket of dough .
te	PAST	Alec , still gripping Hodge 's arm , propelled him forward .
te	PRES	" The mage ? "
te	PAST	As he got his composure back , so another song wormed its way under his breath .
te	PRES	She kisses his head and cheeks and his filthy hair and finally , his mouth .
te	PRES	" Is everything alright ? "
te	PAST	Bastien echoed with disbelief .
te	PRES	I bristle at his tone .
te	PRES	" I beg to differ .
te	PRES	" Or refuse me .
te	PRES	I calmly returned her gaze , " But what ? "
te	PAST	She deserved whatever she got , but it was still killing her to keep from defending herself .
te	PAST	The women 's eyes bulged , and several gasped quietly .
te	PAST	How it stroked the heat between my thighs .
te	PRES	My fingers glide over her again before moving down lower .
te	PAST	Her wings pulsed with her exertion , lighting up the entire room in bright flashes .
te	PRES	He slits the corners of the victims ' mouths and removes their eyelids .
te	PRES	" And the shooter ? "
te	PAST	The attendant glimpsed at him realizing that he was approaching and seeing that lofty expression on his face dived into paperwork with an even greater intensity .
te	PAST	" At the risk of sounding ungrateful for your forgiveness , I already apologized for that . "
te	PRES	It only stays in the minds of those who witnessed it .
te	PRES	He pictured how he would ignore his wound and overpower the younger foe .
te	PRES	She accepts the water cautiously and watches me with serious eyes .
te	PRES	Cooper raises an eyebrow looking at me .
te	PAST	Paul punched Josef in the shoulder .
te	PAST	Twin white ceiling fans stirred a gentle breeze .
te	PAST	Her and her perverted brother .
te	PAST	His eyes sliced into mine .
te	PAST	" Me too , " Tasha affirmed , shaking her head ruefully .
te	PAST	- Gabe H. Gabe I leaned against the wall as the music from the practice room filtered faintly into the hallway .
te	PRES	A fat book with bloated pages sits on top of the wooden jewelry box along with the same stack of books as I saw earlier .
te	PRES	Alexia pul ed her hand back in and tucked it under her chin .
te	PAST	A snowmobile idled in front of the cabin .
te	PRES	So gather your bits Spencer , you and I must meet him at the station . "
te	PRES	She grabs none other than a pair of whips .
te	PRES	Before we left the office , Phil pulled me aside and said : " Just remember , no matter what happens today , a leader always continues .
te	PRES	He rubs his eyes and looks out the window , hesitating .
te	PAST	The sound of an engine starting roared over the wind noise .
te	PRES	She swam a yard off and waved an arm for Erin and Jordan to follow .
te	PRES	" How convenient . "
te	PAST	She licked her lips and nodded .
te	PRES	" It 's okay , " she assures me .
te	PAST	With his cheek against the top of her head , he stroked her hair as she listened to his heart pounding .
te	PAST	Gabriel traced a line from my shoulder down to my elbow .
te	PRES	" Anything for you darling ... anything ... " " Good , but I need this done NOW , okay ? "
te	PAST	The acrid smell of electricity permeated the air .
te	PAST	He dismounted , tied the reins to a crabapple tree by the wall and crossed the yard to the first building .
te	PRES	I obey , too tired to question him , and he draws the blankets over me .
te	PRES	Something about static cling . "
te	PAST	Emeralds snarled in ebony .
te	PRES	My head swam , and the words came out without a filter .
te	PAST	Sucking her finger seductively , she shivered for dramatic effect .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PAST	Sven snarled and pushed off of me , tearing his neck even more .
te	PAST	She craved more smoke .
te	PAST	Michaels shivered , wincing at the horrific sights and sounds , which abruptly cut out as the screen went black , the file ending .
te	PRES	I - " Yves cut off his words when he realized he had interrupted Innocent . "
te	PAST	Goodness and Mercy exchanged a look , one Gabriel preferred not to question .
te	PAST	The Prince huffed impatiently .
te	PRES	Marcus laughs , " That 's never easy ... It 's a mind game with yourself .
te	PRES	I cast one last glance toward the study door , then reluctantly leapt up the stairs with Agent Luc close to my heels .
te	PRES	Smith gunned the engine and flew down the street , away from the paparazzi who were still taking pictures .
te	PRES	" Play coy . "
te	PRES	" Your right foot controls the back brake .
te	PRES	He teaches at Columbia , so he 's obviously off now too . "
te	PRES	They robbed her ! "
te	PAST	Any such resistance yielded the same result .
te	PAST	Her eyes darkened to an inky black .
te	PRES	Darling walks a little stiffly .
te	PRES	the Guardian barks at me .
te	PRES	Thanks for the advice , Tommy . "
te	PAST	Minister Avery gestured again toward the Hughes girls .
te	PAST	Toth gestured again , his big hands moving rapidly .
te	PAST	" OK , I 've gotten to the part about signing over our first born child , " John quipped .
te	PAST	Jimmy barked into his headset .
te	PRES	A few minutes later Rayne walks in , humming a brighter tune .
te	PRES	Tammie finds her voice again .
te	PAST	Those farther away , however , swore that it was a brief , blinding glow of light that left them blinking in amazement .
te	PRES	So consumed that she would have done anything to have him plunge into her .
te	PRES	She walks around to where Ronan stands .
te	PRES	Ashley 's eyes sparkle with mischief .
te	PAST	Eve swerved like a drunk .
te	PAST	My heart rages and every thought births itself to me , all horrible and tragic in nature .
te	PRES	Her gall bladder appears to be acutely swollen and is causing an obstruction . "
te	PAST	Emma declared " No , no one has it . "
te	PAST	It rained for the most part in this sodden place , as if sunlight and color were taboo .
te	PRES	" Dr. P , " I mumble .
te	PRES	He raises his eyebrows .
te	PAST	He stilled and scrutinized her face .
te	PAST	Donovan directed the last at his brothers .
te	PRES	The tribes operate independently . "
te	PRES	The truck bounces as we weave through the trees and surface out the other end .
te	PRES	" Commander Shepard never retreats , he just attacks in the opposite direction . "
te	PAST	Her eyes bulged and focused sharply with the realization of what was happening to her .
te	PRES	She shakes her head irritably .
te	PRES	" A rebel angel among rebel angels ? "
te	PAST	Jacob 's face blocked out the sky .
te	PAST	" Shh , " hissed someone in the seats behind us .
te	PAST	My grandfather taught me how to use a sword the minute I turned seven years old .
te	PRES	" Rickey , don 't you ever do that again , " she scolded him .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	' All day I pluck their petals .
te	PAST	I leant forward , drawn in despite myself .
te	PAST	He bowed low before the Dragon Lord .
te	PRES	Archer pushed open the stairwell door , and as it swung shut behind us , Daemon spun on me , his hands suddenly gripping my upper arms .
te	PRES	" Will you take my hand , Huntress ? "
te	PAST	Now everything depended on her .
te	PRES	The oven timer beeps and I rush to take out my chocolate cupcakes before they burn .
te	PRES	I kneel up on the bed and slip the hoodie off that I was wearing because the bedroom is getting too warm for jackets .
te	PRES	Even the stupid uniform suits him .
te	PRES	" Just small sips for now . "
te	PAST	His baby soft skin and warm breath tingled every pore on my cheek .
te	PRES	He nods and gives me a wink .
te	PAST	Gray spotted the slack form of one of the building 's security guards collapsed behind his desk .
te	PRES	Come to me , " she pleads .
te	PAST	Brown shag carpet , matted from wear , covered the floors , except for a small patch of tile at the front door .
te	PRES	" Ahhhh smells like Mona ! "
te	PAST	Her position included taking care of the engineering company 's payroll and overtime .
te	PRES	He shifts , placing a kiss on my cheek instead and says , " Feet first . "
te	PAST	Arron unlocked the witch 's cell and pulled her out .
te	PRES	" In case what , for Christ 's sake ?
te	PRES	" You have every right to be angry , Judy - " " Mrs. Larson .
te	PRES	" It 's a pleasure to meet you , Tess .
te	PRES	She worries that you 're unhappy .
te	PAST	She adored her dolls . "
te	PAST	" I know the last thing you want to do is trust me , " echoed Ava as I slipped back to Olympus .
te	PAST	The conversation flowed as Taylor told stories about how the girls on campus acted around Cooper .
te	PAST	Were U even there ?
te	PRES	Yeah , because you 've got the wrong man , Evie .
te	PRES	His eyes widen and flare with light .
te	PRES	" Is everything alright ? "
te	PAST	I snarled a look at him .
te	PRES	" It was a stupid thing to do , " he scolded her .
te	PAST	That you tested a nitrous system on an abandoned road and it failed . "
te	PRES	My hand hovers over the single flickering flame .
te	PAST	Then she clicked off through the garage , punching the button that automatically lowered the door behind her .
te	PRES	Jon continues to question .
te	PRES	He leans back a little , face red , trying to steady his breathing .
te	PAST	The tall scrub brush bordering the road crowded so close to the sides of the pavement I felt my claustrophobia kicking in .
te	PAST	Eleanor stared at him , her eyebrows knit together , until he flushed and looked away .
te	PAST	Nightingale spotted the large figure of Superintendent Chalmers towering over the others .
te	PRES	She laughs at me when I say that .
te	PAST	Not that he could ever let on that anything exhausted him .
te	PAST	Meredith drummed her fingers on the table .
te	PAST	Surprise blasted through her like a bomb .
te	PRES	I pictured the ' A ' and then I connected it to the sign .
te	PAST	He batted it out of the air .
te	PAST	' Hi Boss , care to join us ' , Teddy chirped .
te	PAST	Clary would never have guessed that .
te	PRES	Your amulet keeps you safe while awake or sleeping , and during recognition . "
te	PRES	Sis ' Shirley , on the other side of him , keeps moaning and gasping with a trembling hand on Adam 's legs .
te	PAST	Without thinking of the consequences , I blurted out what I had been holding back for so long .
te	PRES	We develop a testing system to make sure the navigators who leave the program are competent enough to handle jumps , and gradually , interstellar travel resumes .
te	PRES	Eliot sighed , his voice pained .
te	PRES	' Oh , Alan , Alan .
te	PAST	She punched in the number and waited impatiently for the call to be answered .
te	PRES	Dana leans in between the seats .
te	PAST	I retorted , but my voice was unconvincing .
te	PRES	Gold flows from her , hot and bright .
te	PAST	He forwards emails to me that he receives from others , but he never writes anything just to me .
te	PAST	He tapped buttons on an alarm keypad on the wall next to the door , then unlocked the front door with a key .
te	PAST	Here residual water flowed down the mossy face in long drips .
te	PAST	Instead of burning , it tingled and started glowing , just like Lynn .
te	PAST	She greeted them fondly as they entered the palace and led them immediately to her private quarters .
te	PRES	Mari sits straight up in bed , her brown eyes wide like dinner plates .
te	PAST	She realised that soon she would become part of the building itself .
te	PAST	He intended to make sure he did .
te	PAST	' Lainie , ' she addressed my sister .
te	PRES	I stumble backward , and James catches me around the waist and eases me back onto the couch .
te	PRES	" Charmer , " I tease , even though I am , in fact , completely charmed .
te	PRES	It teaches discipline and builds strength . "
te	PAST	the sister enticed Josephine and the latter batted its wings leisurely to jump on her shoulder .
te	PRES	It strips a king 's joy from his child 's wedding . "
te	PAST	At his quizzical gaze , she elaborated .
te	PRES	He leans back to indicate the conversation is over .
te	PRES	He knelt by the brick and carefully studied it .
te	PAST	He clicked off and turned briefly to the man in the navigator 's seat .
te	PRES	The plasma tracks in the stratosphere generated a barrage of lightening for the duration of the CME .
te	PAST	The look on his face confirmed he wasn 't even slightly amused at her gesture .
te	PAST	Ethan owned the club .
te	PAST	He awkwardly swiveled around .
te	PAST	For a moment , his fingertips stroked the skin beneath her ear .
te	PRES	Kissing his lips set off a fireworks display in her stomach .
te	PAST	The monstrous , two-headed snake hissed a challenge and reared up into a coiled S , ready to strike .
te	PAST	They ransacked the cycle of strange artifacts - thin tangles of something like wire .
te	PAST	I cracked three eggs in a blue bowl Toby put down in front of me .
te	PRES	Are you wandering ? "
te	PRES	" Get lost , asshole .
te	PRES	He sits thinking for a few minutes until Quin walks silently back into the room .
te	PRES	Jet motions for us to join them .
te	PRES	When I turned around I saw that Sunder stood behind me , his lab coat flapping in the small breeze really adding to the villain effect .
te	PAST	He always gained a little when they went uphill .
te	PAST	He was not disgusted by her nature , he reveled in it .
te	PAST	He gestured to the family room where his cousins had settled into their own seats .
te	PAST	I stashed the knife in my belt and proceeded to right the upturned table .
te	PAST	The Sultana 's bow crept ahead , gaining on the smaller vessel .
te	PRES	" Come on , Billy .
te	PAST	He scooped up a small pile and using the straw also on the plate hit both nostrils .
te	PAST	A leader of a pack of thugs had to keep them under control - the ' Alpha ' dog theory of life , he recalled from somewhere .
te	PRES	I gather up the box and all it contains and hurry to my room to read through things too horrifying to imagine .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	" ' Cause you don 't know what to do with it , " Swoosh counters .
te	PAST	The woman bowed to Adriane before the guards escorted both her and her son to safety .
te	PRES	Sooty leans back against the wall and tips his hat up .
te	PRES	He finds it and I hear him open it , but I 'm squeezing my eyes shut .
te	PRES	" What about the alarm system ? "
te	PAST	Ryan banged his fist relentlessly against the tough wooden door of Woodbridge House .
te	PAST	" In a heartbeat , " Charles confirmed .
te	PAST	Anne Hightower wrinkled her pointy nose .
te	PAST	" No , it 's not , " Sye retorted , " This place wasn 't torn apart .
te	PRES	' It swamps your small face .
te	PAST	His return had been a tumultuous one , his calm demeanour and presence tested when he had learned of Julianne 's fate .
te	PRES	" It smells like rabbit pee in here . "
te	PRES	He said something about starting a fire , to make it look like an accident , ' Ethan shakes his head , frustrated .
te	PRES	Andrew 's anguished voice reveals he knows the answer even before voicing the question .
te	PAST	Her green eyes gleamed .
te	PRES	Behind it , the cub raises its head to look at me , a perfect miniature .
te	PAST	A haunted look crept into his face .
te	PAST	He tapped a few more keys .
te	PAST	She tested the movement in her hand and found she could almost close her fingers into a fist now .
te	PAST	I promise you I 'll do it , " Sally asserted fiercely , frantically fending off more blows .
te	PAST	The possibility also existed that Alice and Mr. Thornton had mistaken the house .
te	PAST	And - and I felt it , too , " I confessed , feeling suddenly shy .
te	PAST	He analyzed printouts of grocery stock , studied inventories , checked a hundred other details , and was generally content to be ignored .
te	PAST	What possessed me to take the SatNav out of the car ?
te	PAST	His eyes darkened in appreciation .
te	PRES	He laughs out loud and rolls his eyes and I 've suddenly forgotten my sympathy .
te	PRES	She whimpers when I tilt her bottom up and dig deep , taking everything she 'll give me .
te	PRES	" Is there a mount somewhere around ? "
te	PRES	He accepts their calls and listens , mumbling into the phone when they ask questions .
te	PAST	It flickered to life , its flame illuminating the granite surface of the table in front of them .
te	PRES	No blisters forming or skin burning .
te	PRES	Whatever price she had to pay in exchange for Cain 's life would be a bargain .
te	PAST	He adored Lia , as well , but he 'd been older when Rachel was born and more protective of her .
te	PRES	The old man pauses for another sip of coffee .
te	PRES	As for your wife , I attach no importance to it .
te	PAST	James drank his tea and squirmed in his seat .
te	PAST	Haven knelt down next to him and placed her hands on his shoulders .
te	PAST	I ventured a smile but I 'm afraid it came out more as a lopsided grin .
te	PRES	" He owns the paper .
te	PRES	" Of course , my darling . "
te	PAST	Beads of sweat formed on his forehead and upper lip .
te	PRES	Interrupts Greg and this time I lunge at her first .
te	PRES	The slight gasps he makes every time our lips barely part .
te	PAST	" But ... " Elizabeth trailed off , a heavy implication seeded in the word .
te	PAST	He was glancing at Lady Fortuna with a look of slight regret , desire and patience , all combined .
te	PRES	Let 's unload the groceries and the bags and Mom and I can start getting supper on the table . "
te	PAST	I shrug apologetically at Jim and Stan and say " I 'll be back for my tattoo , OK ? "
te	PRES	I admire the way she didn 't acknowledge any of the insults Tad hurled my way .
te	PAST	Dream energy shivered through her .
te	PRES	I asked skeptically , my heart still pounding in my chest .
te	PAST	Keep Lindahl reined in .
te	PAST	And the unwavering confidence in her eyes stabbed him clean through .
te	PAST	It rocked the house . "
te	PRES	Chapter 6 " Hey , Crazy . "
te	PAST	Thus the author of Beowulf grasped fully the idea of lof or dom , the noble pagan 's desire for the merited praise of the noble .
te	PAST	Some said he owned a gold mine , others swore that he was a pirate .
te	PAST	Silence greeted me and I walked up the stairs slowly , scared that we were about to have our first argument .
te	PRES	" Cleo , can you get me some more tea , honey ? "
te	PAST	" No poison in the teapot , then ? "
te	PRES	Then he puts a hand out to help me , but I don 't take it .
te	PRES	" Jack ... " Tears clogged in my throat . "
te	PRES	Annabella laughs , her thin fingers curling into fists .
te	PAST	" Hey , " he greeted me , his voice lower than Foot 's and a little more sarcastic , a little less cocky .
te	PAST	Another world was revealed to her , a world she had once known but long since forgotten existed .
te	PRES	Iona hopped from one sandstone ledge to the next , her paws scrabbling a little in the gravel .
te	PAST	" Who would I have confided in ? "
te	PRES	Danial sat still in his chair , dead , his hands gripping the table like talons .
te	PAST	Jace reined his horse in sharply , " Shadow ?
te	PAST	" A miracle , really , " Anthony remarked as he stopped a passing footman so Winston could take a glass of champagne .
te	PAST	The small jagged bits of metal protruded between her fingers like claws .
te	PAST	It crept to the edge of the splintered porch and squinted down into the wreckage .
te	PAST	He knelt down onto the cement and lowered his hand past the dock .
te	PRES	" Don 't talk like that , " Corinne scolded .
te	PAST	Sasha stirred the ice cubes around in her gin and tonic , thinking .
te	PAST	She cradled the camera to her breast in a way meant to draw Julian 's attention there , but he didn 't seem the least bit interested .
te	PAST	Judging by the deep blue of the sky outside the tinted windows , I guessed it 'd been hours .
te	PAST	Anger slithered through my veins like venom .
te	PRES	It smells wonderful in here . "
te	PRES	No , she scolded herself again .
te	PAST	Rigel and I exchanged a glance of our own and I found myself wishing we could talk telepathically the way his parents did .
te	PRES	A total of only nine hits .
te	PRES	The maid nodded and mumbled something inaudible .
te	PAST	Then the extra tightness eased up , and I started to move when she pulled it tighter again .
te	PAST	He bowed from the waist to the youth .
te	PRES	He puts his arm around her shoulder and steers her away .
te	PRES	My frantic mind rushes off to erotic places all too quickly .
te	PRES	A hand grabs her leg as another restrains her wrist .
te	PAST	Even in the darkness , my blood dripped into the icy murk .
te	PAST	At the same time Parliament also boasted of an effective array of Generals , including Essex , Fairfax , and Sir Waller .
te	PAST	" It 's so dastardly ... you 're behavior , " she remarked .
te	PAST	They were on a platform high above the streets , Jack guessed about the thirtieth level but couldn 't be sure .
te	PAST	The door creaked as it swung inward .
te	PRES	Eli curses under his breath .
te	PRES	She pauses and turns completely toward me .
te	PAST	I howled , my cheeks flushing .
te	PRES	" Not as well as I 'd like , Uncle Ragnar .
te	PRES	When she reached her room , she knelt beside her bed , and said a fervent prayer .
te	PAST	It never occurred to him that at some point the chamber would be resting on the rim instead of hanging from it .
te	PRES	My mom shakes her head and tosses the money in my direction .
te	PRES	There appears to be a pattern here . "
te	PAST	They owed him information .
te	PRES	They flex their fingers as if readying to draw their weapons in an old fashion Wild West shootout .
te	PAST	Something I disliked doing , like mucking out the stables . "
te	PAST	hissed Pandora , but Miriam ignored her .
te	PRES	Knox groans as a wave comes and shifts our bodies somehow closer .
te	PRES	He rewards me with a slight squeeze .
te	PAST	Overhead , he spotted a gaggle of swan like birds sail past the cloudy skies .
te	PRES	" Time flies when you are having fun .
te	PAST	The darkness shimmered like calm water invaded by a skipping stone as a cloaked figure appeared before them .
te	PRES	" Start the demolition phase ASAP . "
te	PAST	The sensation of cold on her fevered skin revived her slightly , although she felt even better after drinking the glass of water he poured for her .
te	PRES	She nods her head at me and I lower my hand to my lap .
te	PRES	He tugs on it , just like he used to tug on my pig tails when I was little .
te	PAST	Barrier in place , he eased above her , settling between her legs .
te	PAST	After a second of fruitless searching , my gaze crept back to the young female vampire .
te	PAST	You attacked me and injected me with something .
te	PRES	These fabulous creatures cruise the depths like ghostly balloons , lit from within by their own radiance .
te	PRES	" Besides giving her a compliment . "
te	PAST	Halfway through the film it occurred to Fat Charlie that there was something that he was not remembering .
te	PRES	It hits her nose with a tight snap and falls between our houses .
te	PRES	Though she had become too distant to surely care about any of that now .
te	PAST	He gestured for the slowly gathering crowd to step back .
te	PRES	" No talking , " I snarl as I lift her legs from behind her knees and pull her ass towards the edge .
te	PAST	He obeyed with caution .
te	PRES	It appears that the EDU has been disconnected ? "
te	PRES	He walks at my side without judging , simply being there .
te	PRES	CHAPTER THREE It was Wednesday ; Claire had a little less than three weeks to get her boss and brother to go on a date .
te	PRES	Hit follows my directions , and the phase drive pulls through me .
te	PRES	After several hours , they emerge carrying Nicholas who looks too weak to walk .
te	PAST	' Yes , I can , ' he asserted .
te	PRES	His gaze travels to me , just like I knew it would .
te	PAST	Temptation weakened her , but she shook her head again .
te	PRES	In the exact same spot as the other , the same sharp points , right at the shoulder blades .
te	PRES	Even Wilfred wonders at your absences , and he is a man of few words . "
te	PRES	" Just that Abbey tells me everything , " she paused , " Big Boy . "
te	PAST	Saul licked his lips .
te	PAST	" No , " I hissed .
te	PAST	The boy slithered backwards on his buttocks , until he fetched up against the trunk of the bush and could go no further .
te	PRES	Adam rushes to exit just as Warner is walking in .
te	PAST	The divorce papers signed .
te	PAST	Jacobs ' face paled but before he could explode , Brooks added , " God , Bill .
te	PAST	Searing pain blasted anew inside his shoulder , radiating down his back and leg and along his arm in stunning agony .
te	PRES	" The silhouette . "
te	PRES	Slipping into an empty seat at the back of the room , my mind continues to whirl .
te	PRES	" Plasma cannon armed .
te	PAST	" What about a charm bracelet ? "
te	PRES	" Walk me home tonight and I 'll show you how much I like him . "
te	PRES	Carol and George bust apart like they 're on fire , sputtering embarrassed apologies as they readjust their clothing .
te	PRES	But I still ruin everything .
te	PAST	No one owed us a favor .
te	PRES	" The art museum .
te	PRES	" While you 're wearing your shirt and tie , and I 'm wearing nothing but socks . "
te	PRES	" What honorable system of enforcement ? "
te	PRES	I glare at him , rising from my chair , fully prepared to run off and go there myself .
te	PAST	Then a monitor flickered on , displaying Rachel 's photo and security clearance .
te	PAST	She pursed her lips .
te	PRES	Dirt clings to his hair and is smeared across his cheek .
te	PAST	The dog pranced delightedly around his feet as if he 'd been gone to another planet instead of merely underneath a car .
te	PRES	The girl springs to her feet with her short blonde hair , her upturned nose .
te	PRES	Winged serpents that breathed fire , yes .
te	PAST	He fully retired from medicine in 1999 .
te	PAST	Even when they did , they never voiced an opinion .
te	PRES	I knelt down and looked at the bleeding wound , horrified .
te	PAST	He snarled , and she was out the door in a flash .
te	PRES	Kill by kill , someone else trickles in to eclipse the light where he used to be .
te	PAST	A muscle in Redding 's cheek twitched .
te	PRES	He keeps still , holding his breath .
te	PAST	He tapped her knee looking out at the crowd .
te	PAST	He hissed in a breath .
te	PRES	I wan na be dead . "
te	PAST	She tasted blood as it pooled onto her tongue .
te	PRES	" Jasmine stays . "
te	PAST	The Empire 's troops from the army base in Washington succeeded because Europe concentrated its forces around Ottawa , Ontario , leaving Western Canada unprotected .
te	PRES	" Jeremiah ... " Ignoring my plea , he twisted around me , angling one booted foot over my knee .
te	PRES	" Ashe 's mom owns a store in Cordell .
te	PRES	" You didn " t refuse Bram " s request to join . "
te	PAST	After all , she deserved it .
te	PRES	When Robin stands and waits for Olivia to get her keys , her hands twist together , knuckles white .
te	PAST	It had been alright the other night , she argued .
te	PAST	" Ren , " the woman acknowledged me without a smile , but also without any other expression .
te	PRES	Fried chips with sauce and chili and mayonnaise on them maybe .
te	PAST	Having said that , Trevin aimed his remote at the cell where Anthony had been , and pressed down a purple button .
te	PAST	Or had he simply guessed ?
te	PRES	My cries as he ran his tongue over my sensitive flesh , tasting what he was about to be taking .
te	PAST	He nipped lightly on the corner of her mouth and then licked it to take away the sting .
te	PAST	both Gracie and I echoed .
te	PRES	He brushes the hair out of my face and looks down at me with a completely different look in his eyes this time .
te	PRES	His next move surprises me ; he scoops me up and carries me over to our camp before setting me gently down on the ground .
te	PRES	I log onto the Internet and find a company that does background checks .
te	PAST	His voice trailed off and I turned to find him staring blankly out the window .
te	PAST	As the sharp snap of a gun being cocked confirmed .
te	PAST	She thrust a finger in my direction .
te	PAST	Eddie strode into the foyer , handed him something , and tugged the headphones out of his ears to talk to him .
te	PRES	Julie follows my gaze and she and Nora exchange a glance .
te	PAST	The stirrings of familiarity roused his dormant senses .
te	PRES	" Did you undress me then ? "
te	PAST	When he got home he drank a beer and was smiling when he climbed into bed .
te	PRES	" You arrogant , egotistical , pig of a man .
te	PRES	" I wan na hear what it really means to you . "
te	PRES	Butterflies flutter in the pit of my stomach , as I feel confused by my feeling for her , and I 'm drawn to her .
te	PRES	A capital letter L .
te	PRES	I pictured my broad posterior up in the air all day as I bent over picking up balls in front of this Jerry guy .
te	PAST	And then you attacked me . "
te	PRES	Elliot walks behind the bench and reappears several moments later with two open bottles of Budweiser .
te	PRES	He shakes his head .
te	PRES	Can you secure it ? "
te	PRES	The necklines scoops low and the back dips even lower .
te	PRES	Your father descends directly from that bloodline , as do you .
te	PRES	" Then it continues on .
te	PAST	Shana flopped onto her back again .
te	PAST	They all squeaked heavily into place for this private meeting .
te	PAST	Abbott slumped on the arm of the sofa and raised his hands to protect himself .
te	PRES	The fact that you didn 't concerns me .
te	PRES	In every permutation of timeline that I have examined - and I have examined a vast number of them - the movie exists .
te	PAST	I recalled what had happened and evaluated my surroundings .
te	PRES	I imitated you perfectly . "
te	PRES	She swam around , ducking her head beneath the water and making strange moaning sounds .
te	PRES	Franklin , you there ? "
te	PAST	After a while , I couldn 't help myself , I requested , " May I ask a question ? "
te	PRES	The fact that the bell rang , and we are both now tardy , finally sinks in .
te	PAST	" No , your fiance spilled the beans on that one . "
te	PRES	" What customs ? "
te	PAST	Jared 's nose wrinkled in disgust .
te	PRES	His chest rumbles when he laughs .
te	PRES	Mr Prentiss Jr shouts to his horse and here they come .
te	PAST	She tapped his head .
te	PAST	Out front , a village cart tottered precariously on three wheels .
te	PAST	Whoever inherited your father 's title , for instance ? "
te	PRES	And looking cute while doing it .
te	PRES	" High standards ! "
te	PRES	Every nerve in her body was straining , every muscle tense .
te	PRES	Haymitch pauses a moment , as if deciding something .
te	PAST	" Very well , I will answer any requests you have , " T addressed everyone .
te	PRES	Eden rushes over to me , nearly colliding with me in his hurry , and I take his hand back in mine .
te	PRES	It costs too much .
te	PRES	Instead of doing something important with it , you build hotels to hide in and lament everything life didn 't give you .
te	PAST	Sometimes hail pinged down on the passing cars , filling the air with the wet rush of tires and a peppery serenade .
te	PRES	The term of endearment warms my heart and I feel more courageous to move forward .
te	PAST	Her gaze flickered to me then back to Elizabeth , and the volume of her voice was slightly lower when she spoke again .
te	PAST	She examined me so closely that it was like getting an MRI .
te	PRES	" Yes , but it also raises a great deal of questions .
te	PAST	" By the will of God , " the Mark argued .
te	PAST	My emotions overwhelmed me and I collapsed onto the ground .
te	PAST	" Someone loaded a clearer version on YouTube , but I still like mine better .
te	PRES	His eyes widen a bit as I round the car and walk toward him .
te	PRES	" You 're strong , Chloe , " I encourage her .
te	PRES	" This requires an inordinate amount of concentration . "
te	PRES	" Again , " Ember snarled , " how should I know ?
te	PAST	Jane pursed her lips as she pressed the end button on her phone .
te	PAST	She owed them so much .
te	PAST	She swore she could feel his hunger , feel his inner need to touch her .
te	PRES	Emma follows behind closely .
te	PRES	My father shakes his head .
te	PRES	You didn 't tell me that , " she laughs .
te	PAST	He taught me about cap styles : thin , outline , fats , super fats , calligraphy , needle , and stencil .
te	PAST	Her voice so flat , so sad , ripped him to his very soul .
te	PRES	He grins , clearly distracted by boob girl .
te	PAST	Nicole 's mouth puckered along with her brow with deep thought .
te	PAST	Birdie howled -- a long mournful sounding howl .
te	PRES	" And if I threaten to harm her ? "
te	PAST	Up ahead I spotted the gazebos .
te	PRES	Its frequency suggests a cause greater than chance ; its universality means it is individually directed . "
te	PAST	He always photographed the winning swim teams .
te	PAST	" We already exchanged our vows .
te	PAST	She shivered slightly and wrapped her arms around herself .
te	PRES	She nods her approval .
te	PRES	Victoria springs towards the cub , with wide-open jaws .
te	PAST	She licked her dry , cracked lips , but her tongue felt like it had been coated with glue .
te	PAST	He spotted the pastries after a quick survey of the counter .
te	PRES	Max keeps his attention riveted on me .
te	PRES	" Fine , no problem , Alejo . "
te	PAST	Damn this nosey nature inherently bred in women !
te	PAST	He acknowledged Tucker 's arrival with a wag of his tail .
te	PRES	Fighting this serves no purpose . "
te	PRES	You wan na tell him this shit now , then tell him . "
te	PAST	I swerved off the side of the road and slammed on my brakes , sending her into the back of my seat .
te	PAST	I choked out , before I thought better of it , before the defensive walls came slamming down .
te	PRES	" Darling , no one expects anything from you . "
te	PRES	A gentle , tender smile crosses her lips .
te	PAST	Not that I would 've ever guessed the truth .
te	PRES	He tilts his head .
te	PRES	She pauses , the kind of pause you take when you 're deciding whether or not to share something personal .
te	PAST	My fingers twitched their direction .
te	PRES	Where you can get me drunk , if you like . "
te	PRES	My conversation with Max rushes back in , and I 'm embarrassed .
te	PRES	" Such touching confidence ! "
te	PRES	He winces when he sees the hurt on my face .
te	PAST	She objected to this corporeal fixation and especially when it seemed to be directed at Sam .
te	PAST	" Good , " the voice purred .
te	PAST	He spied what looked like a logging track leading off the road and took it until he was well into the forest .
te	PRES	He raises his eyebrows instead .
te	PRES	It mounts on the road .
te	PRES	" Your ... cloud ?
te	PRES	" What if someone finds it ? "
te	PAST	The rain drummed on the roof of the car .
te	PRES	Then she leapt right through the window .
te	PAST	We hunkered in separate rooms of our penthouse , which made me , in my peace and quiet , drink more .
te	PRES	" You really wan na make me a dress ? "
te	PRES	Enzo collapses to the ground .
te	PAST	a middle aged man blurted out in amazement .
te	PRES	" It can be if you do it with an evil person " , he replies cryptically .
te	PRES	The light closes in on Harold as he lies on the sofa -- looking at nothing , straight ahead .
te	PRES	" No alligators or crocodiles ? "
te	PAST	But they swore it would be good as new .
te	PAST	My mind races , trying to remember what a submarine is .
te	PRES	I dreamt I killed Josh .
te	PAST	Glancing around he spotted Jenny sitting with her girlfriends , each one trying to out talk the other .
te	PAST	Actually , it was more like I blackmailed him , " he confided .
te	PAST	HEY MAN GET OFF MY BACK .
te	PRES	' He better not get nightmares , ' she warns .
te	PAST	Victor blurted out all of a sudden .
te	PAST	Heather chewed on her lower lip before replying .
te	PRES	Sean even wins a giant pink teddy bear at the basketball shootouts , giving the bear to me .
te	PRES	I sorta ... " He trailed off .
te	PRES	In her view , reading the bible fixes everything .
te	PAST	I stroked his tongue with my own , feeling him respond as we tangled and twisted .
te	PRES	Though the king of thieves would see this trait as weakness to be exploited , Mai observes it as a sort of unaltered purity .
te	PRES	She continues to hold the child as it looks up at her , reaching with its small hand to hold her finger .
te	PRES	" South Africa . "
te	PRES	The need builds up inside you .
te	PRES	" That 's great , Wraith , but guess what ?
te	PRES	He handles all the tests .
te	PAST	I eased the car back out onto the highway , the rain still falling lightly as we headed for the small town in silence .
te	PAST	Now git on up there and git packed . "
te	PRES	He shakes his head , like he 's disappointed by my accusation .
te	PAST	He indicated a chair at a table in the middle of the room .
te	PRES	I shudder at the thought .
te	PRES	I drained the last of my coffee and rose .
te	PRES	Seth sits there for a moment , crunching on popcorn as he chews noisily .
te	PRES	And follows it right into Haven .
te	PRES	It rushes down to encapsulate her and the others .
te	PAST	Jack 's face now paled .
te	PAST	Tony sprawled on the couch with one arm flung over his eyes .
te	PRES	I gather this is a matter of some urgency ? "
te	PRES	Walk until you can 't hear me anymore , then wait . "
te	PRES	" Are you alright , dear ? "
te	PRES	" The man follows you around , and guards you as if you were made of glass . "
te	PRES	Jacob leapt to his feet , " Yes I am ! "
te	PAST	They resumed their journey to Nelson .
te	PAST	Miriam immediately dashed forward and grabbed at the sweets , but Mana held up her arm .
te	PAST	" You woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning , " she remarked the morning after the first rejection .
te	PAST	She rubs Julie 's shoulder and kisses her head .
te	PRES	" The king requires it , and so all generations will know it of thee , that thy work bears the seal of the king . "
te	PRES	" I rented him a room , the room this lady 's brother was in earlier .
te	PAST	Woodsy , sultry , enveloping her in a warm cocoon .
te	PRES	Everyone else follows Nine downstairs , leaving just Sarah , BK and me .
te	PAST	" You , " snarled a werewolf on the right .
te	PRES	Jase nods , biting his bottom lip , shifting the clutch into park .
te	PRES	Isaiah pauses as if he 's waiting for me to protest .
te	PAST	Here Clare chewed her lip and frowned .
te	PAST	Very nice indeed , mused Love .
te	PAST	Leaving empty-handed went against his very nature , but what choice did he have ?
te	PAST	He leant his head back in his old leather and wooden chair .
te	PRES	" He spends his entire life on the computer . "
te	PAST	I heaved a deep sigh .
te	PRES	He sits down in front of the computer , swiveling the chair as he scrolls through his Facebook page .
te	PRES	Willow trees gather around the placid body , concealed in their own conversation .
te	PAST	-- Lucy praised her .
te	PAST	And yet , Jack realised that this man Melody would not have revealed himself unless supremely confident all possible escape routes were closed .
te	PAST	Katherine pursed her lips together , " Yeah , you 're probably right . "
te	PRES	I extend the penny .
te	PAST	He sprang to his feet in a fury .
te	PRES	" You wicked thing ! "
te	PAST	The raven 's own eyes revolved . ' '
te	PRES	" Don 't hit it , " he continues .
te	PRES	" Are you okay , petal ? "
te	PAST	Liz grasped the handle of the chamber and pushed .
te	PRES	The doctor expects him to make a full recovery . "
te	PRES	With his other arm , Stefan pul ed her tightly to him .
te	PAST	He signed off on my last agronomy study .
te	PRES	He nods and I 'm about to pull my hands away when he says , " Come to the benefit with me ? "
te	PRES	He shakes his head , not remembering the change , and pulls her hair back behind her neck , touching her skin very lightly as he does .
te	PRES	Okay , a lot surprising .
te	PRES	He leans into me , holding me against the wall with his body .
te	PAST	The scratch of her pencil and her intense focus usually eased the stress knotting the muscles in her back and neck .
te	PRES	Bridget crosses to the couch , but when I don 't follow , she stops and crosses her arms over her chest .
te	PAST	she asked , her voice steeped in sarcasm and disdain .
te	PAST	A huge pile formed beside her .
te	PRES	" Still , Owen , knives ?
te	PRES	Sloth scratches his protruding gut and says nothing .
te	PRES	The Hunter collapses against the ground in a jumbled heap .
te	PAST	" Are ya kidding ? "
te	PAST	I rifled through the pages and advanced quickly through the months .
te	PAST	The gunshot echoed through the trees of the valley .
te	PRES	My final illegal stash .
te	PAST	The screen cracked , but it kept on ringing .
te	PRES	' You claim never to have used that name .
te	PAST	The assistant bowed her head shyly , a ghost of a smile on her lips .
te	PAST	He chucked them off the bed , and they landed over a lamp .
te	PRES	He grabs my shoulders , stares at my new face , and says , " You 're almost cute now . "
te	PAST	His voice quivered as he struggled to continue , " So , with that ... I think I 'll start . "
te	PAST	Davies roared at the reluctant ones who followed , that John could do it , even half blind , so certainly they could do it , too .
te	PAST	But she oozed strength and power .
te	PRES	Somebody else C some other child C would have to fill the shoes of Darren Shan .
te	PAST	Worry and fear dominated , but there was something else - something that took her an extended moment to analyze .
te	PRES	I close eyelashes , hearing .
te	PRES	I inhale in a rush .
te	PAST	Vampires and werewolves existed in fiction , not in real life .
te	PAST	Hanna clicked off the TV .
te	PRES	Red liquid stains the trashed hospital gowns in the bin making it look like they were used to clean up crime scene .
te	PRES	In fact , he leans in and kisses her .
te	PRES	Jack raced through the brush , his feet pounding over crunching leaves and snapping twigs .
te	PAST	she blurted before she could stop herself .
te	PAST	She slumped forward and fell to the side , limp like a ragdoll .
te	PRES	" I will , " she pauses .
te	PRES	As I see this , dad grabs my arms .
te	PRES	I 'm glad to know you can walk , " Janelle continues as she points a finger at me .
te	PRES	" But what if they scramble their forces to defend their colonies under attack ? "
te	PAST	On Sunday , Britain and France declared war on Germany .
te	PAST	Despite her desperate call , Chase sprang to his feet and hurled her over the wall .
te	PAST	Walking the cement path skirting the side of the house , Glen overheard a voice coming from the basement .
te	PRES	CHAPTER 13 Steve scans the lunchroom .
te	PAST	She reined back sobs and shuddered out a breath .
te	PAST	Her breath heaved out .
te	PAST	His lips eased from their snarl and he looked human again , almost , and beautiful , but still terrifying and ... confused .
te	PAST	This time , I packed snacks , a drink , a book , and my laptop .
te	PAST	Esmeralda paled and took two steps back .
te	PRES	Bobby sits on the hearth , then stands .
te	PRES	" But not your lover ? "
te	PAST	Chapter 3 The Long Road Ahead I awoke , not to the regular beating I was used to , but to a burning sensation on my back .
te	PAST	I knelt down beside the floor vent and shouted , " Can anyone hear me ?
te	PAST	Alaina shivered and hugged Tara .
te	PRES	I just ... wasn 't sure what exactly that entailed . "
te	PAST	I fumbled it out of my purse , staring dully at the number for few moments before I recognized it .
te	PAST	I blink at her in surprise as she pulls away and walks back toward Nate .
te	PRES	The supernatural stirs the imagination , and we cannot keep these facts secret for long .
te	PAST	Eric gestured to the contents of the vault .
te	PRES	His partner knelt down by Jason .
te	PRES	One flick of the wrist , and she could slit his throat .
te	PRES	Marianne watches me eat , a small smile on her face .
te	PRES	By the time they got home , they both sweated through their sweatshirts with sweat spots , which formed at their elbows , abs , and backs .
te	PRES	" Look , I love you , Ara .
te	PRES	But she just insists I 'll always be her little girl .
te	PRES	He smells of burning things , hair and meat and fuel .
te	PRES	You three , behave . "
te	PAST	She no longer nibbled on him like he was an ear of corn ; she - Helen stopped suddenly and raised her head to peer at him .
te	PRES	I shudder , and desire spreads through my whole body , as if every cell is comprised solely of the dark craving to be touched by him .
te	PAST	She furrowed her brow .
te	PRES	He watched her , his utensils motionless , feeling awkward in his hands .
te	PAST	Another line of green flame flickered through the trees , and I was close enough now to see the black tendrils back away from it .
te	PRES	" Saying hi to our new neighbors . "
te	PAST	Of Xavier 's greedy desire for his mother 's inheritance that ripped apart those tenuous threads that had once united the disparate Dekker family .
te	PAST	Budda fumbled with several switches and levers , including the wipers , until he found one that turned the headlights completely off .
te	PAST	" Oh yes , " she purred .
te	PAST	They dripped from my chin as I nodded .
te	PAST	" Sean , it 's alright , " Lina soothed , despite the eager men behind her , fighting amongst themselves .
te	PRES	He follows after me , tugging on my arm .
te	PRES	It keeps you alive when you should be dead .
te	PAST	Resigned to whatever fate was throwing at me tonight , I clicked the Read button .
te	PRES	' Yes , I know , Spike .
te	PAST	Two large fire cauldrons flanked the entrance , and Emma could see a sleek marble lobby through the grand double doors .
te	PRES	My dad keeps one rule , and one rule only , in business .
te	PRES	My father complains , my mother stays silent .
te	PAST	Edward 's lips twitched .
te	PRES	He scowls at me as he roughly flips another page and he accidentally rips the corner .
te	PAST	They examined her closely .
te	PRES	" One more thing Chet . "
te	PAST	What if she took hold of them early on , possessed them fully , and fled to parts unknown ? "
te	PAST	The other two bidders both indicated that they were out of the competition .
te	PRES	A whole five minutes later , after sinking every last one of my Cheerios into my milk , my phone beeps .
te	PAST	" My father taught me a lot about the land and sea before he died , and I ' ve learned even more at education training . "
te	PAST	Warm blood spilled down my frozen chest .
te	PAST	His voice wobbled , but he refused to look away from Dimitri 's penetrating gaze .
te	PAST	I bumped my body against his and laughed as he almost took a tumble .
te	PRES	She immediately winces and bites down on her lip , her muscles tightening around me .
te	PAST	Her eyes open now , she admired the neatly tended rows and patchwork squares of the passing farmland and wished her life could be so orderly .
te	PAST	His glance tracked each mustache 's cut as he sought a glimpse of the face , haunting in its familiarity .
te	PRES	I just wan na make sure you know what you 're doin ' . "
te	PRES	" I wan na try ! "
te	PAST	As I inched past her she plastered her shoulders to the door , insuring we didn 't touch , even by accident .
te	PRES	And you deserve to be punished .
te	PRES	She leans over and writes something in the damp sand just beyond her legs .
te	PAST	No one deserved such a fate .
te	PRES	Adam hesitates before answering , realizing I 'm trying to change the subject .
te	PAST	A sick feeling formed at the pit of my stomach as one possibility after another came to mind .
te	PRES	When you have finished , the middle drawer contains shirts and the bottom , pants .
te	PRES	He rushes to a low wall and crouches down behind it .
te	PAST	Evie guessed most of this was from helping out on the bomb sites , but Tommy never looked clean anyway .
te	PRES	The mid-afternoon sun beams in through all of the cabin windows .
te	PAST	He voiced was filled with lust .
te	PAST	The sound echoed off the black stone and soared over the previously quiet ocean , reverberating every which direction .
te	PAST	Something whizzed by her shoulder .
te	PRES	" No , " she laughs .
te	PAST	Drops of thick , sweet liquid spilled against my lips .
te	PRES	He winces and slowly opens his eyes .
te	PAST	" Nobody deserved to die . "
te	PRES	Her eyes widen and she grips her head in frustration .
te	PRES	Jeff quickly follows but dad grabs his arm .
te	PRES	Gabe pauses , swallows .
te	PRES	Even though you refuse to acknowledge it , the Garden exists outside their time , outside their space .
te	PAST	With one finger he scooped some of the greasy brown hair hanging down in front of his face and hooked it behind an ear .
te	PRES	" King Richard sits on the throne by the decision of my brother , the bishop of Bath and Wells .
te	PRES	Even if it was a bit slimy .
te	PAST	This way they don 't have to cross Dodge and then backtrack , " Ryder argued .
te	PRES	I said , my heart pounding .
te	PAST	" Just kidding . "
te	PRES	He puts everything in his mouth .
te	PAST	I directed the driver to the right exit from the highway , but I could see right away that parking had been changed .
te	PRES	~ That night he dreamt of something in a high narrow house .
te	PRES	Her breath was on the head of his shaft , a merciless torture .
te	PRES	James , seemingly coming to his senses , sits himself down in the chair .
te	PRES	" Is somebody there ? "
te	PRES	I swear , my mother still cuts my meat for me every time I go home . "
te	PRES	" Twice a week , sometimes three times .
te	PAST	The sweat choked air clung to the skin .
te	PAST	I scan the curtains , saying .
te	PAST	His mother banged about in the kitchen .
te	PAST	He travelled by car with Donald Price .
te	PAST	She gestured to her bra and panties .
te	PAST	She nibbled on her lip and looked back at him .
te	PAST	So let her mother go , " I pleaded .
te	PRES	Elijah spots two snack cakes at the foot of Danny 's bed .
te	PRES	" She worries too much . "
te	PRES	When she was done , she checks her reflection in the mirror .
te	PRES	I twist the cap and start gulping it down when the girl from last night walks in looking like a hot mess .
te	PAST	Pond 's shoulders drooped .
te	PAST	" Two minutes and thirty seven seconds , " he declared as if this fact held significance .
te	PAST	She stroked his erection through his jeans , nearly making him come apart .
te	PAST	He indicated her warrior watching them .
te	PAST	" Without your makeup , " Rubi amended .
te	PAST	" When you picked up the child , you kidnapped a woman and a man ?
te	PAST	Concern flickered in Seth 's eyes , and it was odd seeing that .
te	PRES	She winces and reaches back with stiff limbs to touch her blood soaked hair .
te	PAST	Jake savored a little rush of satisfaction .
te	PRES	Sounds louder , smells so intense I could taste them .
te	PAST	The ball pinged off the pink stonewall and began to ricochet around the lower floor .
te	PRES	Thankfully the moonlight reflects of the snow and gives some visibility .
te	PRES	Every day , her belly grows , and we get one day closer .
te	PRES	Changing tires in the rain sucks .
te	PRES	Everything grows quiet except for what 's inside my head .
te	PAST	Yet ... " Agnes and Paul leant forwards .
te	PAST	I eased back into my seat , mindful that the camera was still on and thankful for Spinelli 's intervention .
te	PAST	Slow thrusts , intensity building as each one completed .
te	PAST	Smiling at Marie , he grasped Sabrina 's elbow .
te	PRES	I dodge a toddler and dart around the old cronies .
te	PAST	I summoned my very best smile and looked up at him .
te	PRES	Whatever concerns you have .
te	PAST	Neither one flinched at the prospect , both possessed the powers of flight .
te	PRES	The whole bottle system is to protect us ; it elevates and deprives at random , chooses random individuals at random intervals .
te	PAST	Seeing only the pounding rain , he unbuckled his seat-belt and settled into the chair .
te	PAST	A chair squeaked in the background , and I could picture Merrick shifting his powerful frame .
te	PRES	" You wanted me to be like hey your cooking sucks ?
te	PRES	" What about Sutherland ?
te	PAST	Her mother huffed , " I don 't care to know what happened from these people . "
te	PAST	You taught me to ride a bike , took me to movies and played touch football with me .
te	PRES	She nods toward me .
te	PAST	Only the lights of televisions flickered behind closed curtains and the streetlights hummed quietly onto the rows of parked cars .
te	PRES	" Your grandfather . "
te	PRES	Chapter Twelve " I can 't believe Stacy and I have so much in common .
te	PRES	Drew 's stepson wins the Rock , Paper , Scissors battle to put on the first ornament , which also wins him the crown of Ornament King .
te	PRES	Maddy insists that I take a shower .
te	PRES	Her eyes swam with tears and I reached for a box of tissues and handed her one .
te	PRES	she manages to get out , her entire body trembling now .
te	PRES	" Well , first I zoom in to try and detect any fingerprints or dirt that may have built up on the pad . "
te	PRES	" No buts about it ! "
te	PAST	And death would be far too easy , " Samuel hissed , stepping up to me and laying one hand on each shoulder .
te	PRES	My body becomes way too eager , way too fast .
te	PAST	" You 're a bold little fellow , " Richard remarked as the horse stood there staring at him expectantly .
te	PAST	She aimed it to the etched rectangle on the ceiling .
te	PRES	" The bracelet . "
te	PAST	" Sheriff 's governess , old wrinkled Dora .
te	PAST	pleaded Eliza , who had been dreaming of her special treat all day .
te	PAST	No , she corrected herself .
te	PRES	His mind hammered his growing insecurity .
te	PRES	I absolutely adore you .
te	PRES	Finally he puts down the coffee and the fork and pushes his plate away .
te	PRES	Slowly he walks in my direction .
te	PAST	She owed Sandi , and she was thankful to have her as a friend .
te	PRES	He tilts my head up , forces me to meet his gaze .
te	PAST	He deserved to lose his Excursion .
te	PAST	He swiveled his fingers .
te	PRES	Horns had sprouted atop his head , and his hands had become clubs , his nails claws .
te	PRES	" If I explain things to him , I wouldn 't be surprised if he was , " Lisa replies confidently .
te	PRES	When she doesn 't find any , she nods her consent .
te	PRES	It often requires corroborating evidence .
te	PRES	She leans toward me a few inches , then seems to realize what she 's doing and straightens .
te	PRES	" No problem , " she said , cheerfully and hung up .
te	PAST	His hands twitched in his lap .
te	PAST	They demolished the two baskets in a few minutes , and Evan finished my root beer .
te	PAST	Roar slouched in his chair and took a long pull from a bottle of Luster .
te	PRES	Aurora accepts 30 of its days as equaling a month and 10 months as equaling a metric year .
te	PAST	The clean scent of Pears soap on his skin as he held me close and whispered his love , promising his heart and his safe return .
te	PAST	I deserved every bit of anger he was showing me .
te	PAST	Poe dislodged the first puppy and as soon as she did , it began to yip .
te	PRES	I rol ed my eyes .
te	PRES	I leapt at the men , but the new guy shoved me away without any effort .
te	PAST	He licked her again and her belly quivered .
te	PRES	' I bet you he 's learnt his lesson , ' Freak continues .
te	PAST	Deuce pursed his lips and nodded .
te	PAST	He repressed a sigh as the weight of rule descended heavily on his shoulders once more .
te	PAST	His eyes flickered to the clock on the mantelpiece .
te	PAST	She deserved every happiness life could bring her .
te	PRES	" By the power vested in me by the Church of the Kickapoo Nation , I declare you man and wife .
te	PRES	But ... ya ... we definitely found signs on skeletons of broken bones and such very often .
te	PRES	Each set I work on , from I Love You , Man to Star Trek , drives me to add new creations .
te	PAST	" Here , " Ashe hissed , walking between the brick wall of the store and the two large dumpsters behind it .
te	PAST	I hope you are not expecting an uneventful weekend , my friend , " quipped Hector .
te	PAST	Gabby confided , " I am proud of you , Vain Glory , for all you have done .
te	PAST	Her words stunned him .
te	PAST	He ventured further by saying the lawsuit " ... smacked of a conspiracy by the tort reforms proponents and their benefactors , the insurance industry . "
te	PRES	It surrounds us , protects us , gives us life . "
te	PRES	" It suits you . "
te	PAST	Beth recognised the name and that recognition shocked her .
te	PRES	Through her thin white dress her body shivers against the slab .
te	PRES	" It 's bad news , Detective , " Johnny agrees in a somber tone .
te	PAST	He wedged himself into the crevice , called again .
te	PAST	He indicated the windows by the massive front doors .
te	PRES	She grabs the pad of paper and pen from me and starts scribbling .
te	PAST	The voice of the book purred in Leta 's brain .
te	PRES	... My body actually hurts when I get out of the shower .
te	PAST	Bram and Tynan exchanged a glance .
te	PAST	i ... " Her voice trailed off .
te	PAST	It only enhanced her beauty .
te	PAST	She tapped her mouth with a finger .
te	PRES	" Good observation . "
te	PAST	It angered him even more that he could do nothing while Ryker killed and reanimated spirits , most likely with Void .
te	PAST	Ashe shivered in the early-morning light .
te	PAST	Chapter 4 Dr. Aiden Bailey thrust his hands into the man 's chest cavity and squeezed life back into the dead heart .
te	PRES	" Sound travels far here . "
te	PAST	She convinced herself that this was nothing more than a convenience to allow him to keep on sowing wild oats .
te	PRES	" Raven , don 't be rude , " my mother scolded .
te	PAST	I cradled his head in my lap and wept .
te	PRES	She looked up , her eyes sparkling with excitement .
te	PAST	" I want to know how you would threaten me , " Michael corrected .
te	PAST	I scolded myself for my stupidity .
te	PRES	Farren raises a brow .
te	PAST	Sarah traced her fingers over the swollen knuckles and fingers that now resembled twisted claws .
te	PAST	Yet the hate boiled among the vampire brothers and sisters .
te	PAST	Dale 's eyelids twitched up for a second .
te	PRES	" If he seems even remotely unstable , you abort the plan .
te	PRES	" So , Kevin ... How 's that manual coming ? "
te	PRES	Have fun tonight , you deserve it ! "
te	PRES	Xavier repressed a small chuckle .
te	PAST	He quickly packed up the food and stove and they got back on the river , an uneasy silence hovering between them again .
te	PAST	Emotion overwhelmed my island of contentment .
te	PRES	" An ideal what ? "
te	PAST	All lined up , aiming their guns , ready to pour a hail of fire onto the enemy lines .
te	PRES	She sips her coffee and waits for me to ask for her advice .
te	PAST	Anyone who wondered about her business never voiced their curiosity in her presence , as if aware of an unspoken threat .
te	PAST	" Exquisite , " he echoed back in a wry voice .
te	PAST	Even suggestions the Johnsons kidnapped her to get even with you .
te	PAST	He loosed his tie .
te	PRES	But he nods , resolute with this plan .
te	PRES	Lucian prefers to work alone at all times .
te	PAST	Were you present during all that went on ?
te	PAST	Catfish bellowed over his shoulder .
te	PRES	- but then the phone rings and she picks it up and I 'm forgotten .
te	PAST	Elderflower , in his wandering , bumped into Madame 's feet and plopped down .
te	PRES	Sniffing her , then ... licking her ?
te	PRES	" THIS IS WHY WE CAN 'T TALK !
te	PRES	And then he slit my throat .
te	PAST	The shockwave skimmed past her arcing body , rippling her forcefield and winding past me .
te	PRES	Your blood controls its actions .
te	PRES	" What kind of unusual ideas ? "
te	PAST	He deserved so much more .
te	PAST	Harry recounted his own trauma of the crash .
te	PAST	Something flickered in Icarus 's eyes .
te	PRES	" Rach , " Gavin pleads .
te	PAST	The vampire licked his lips .
te	PAST	I drank , and it was the best thing I 'd ever tasted .
te	PRES	" The office block on the corner of South Street .
te	PAST	" This is a perfectly good dress , " Violet declared .
te	PRES	" It 's your head if we fail , " Barlow warns with sneer .
te	PRES	They insist I have to go to church with him . "
te	PRES	Ketchup shoves me away from him without warning .
te	PAST	God formed all things and without God , nothing was formed .
te	PAST	Zoe shivered despite the hot sun .
te	PRES	" It just shows that electronics have not totally replaced pen and paper altogether . "
te	PAST	They packed and made their down the southward pass , then onto the plains .
te	PAST	He refilled his coffee and spoke without looking at me while doctoring it .
te	PAST	I stroked myself off every night thinking about you pleasuring yourself . "
te	PAST	The other man 's short hair gleamed in the light .
te	PAST	They encouraged me to put on a uniform and deliberately go into harm 's way for them .
te	PAST	She punched it in and got a split screen with the file information on the left and a text frame on the right for brief notes .
te	PAST	But when I let him inside , all of my nervousness flowed out of me and was replaced by excitement .
te	PRES	When I wasn 't crying , I swam in the pool or napped in the shade .
te	PAST	The side of the vehicle scraped against the building .
te	PAST	The scent of her mouthwatering cooking wafted from the kitchen and for once my stomach didn 't grumble .
te	PRES	" Does the curse extend to you ? "
te	PRES	I pour a cup of coffee and watch Miami fade below us .
te	PAST	He nearly collided with a pair of slightly older boys as he came careening around the corner , determined not to be late .
te	PRES	My triangle shows the emerald green on the letters .
te	PAST	They swarmed fast and reached the blazing flames rising up into the bloodstained sky .
te	PAST	The cells themselves are a pathetic testament to security , only a collection of iron bars spaced just tightly enough to prevent most from slipping through .
te	PAST	You taught me how to stop a river ? "
te	PRES	" Police brutality ! "
te	PRES	" Elton Stenger , " Quickly replies .
te	PRES	Once it 's down , he closes his eyes , and begins to cry .
te	PAST	An altar dominated the narrow neck .
te	PRES	The demon swings its arms and I twist , trying to evade rather than block since I could only stop two of the three possible attacks .
te	PAST	But sometimes Caroline envied the relationship Jane and Ruby had developed .
te	PRES	More like a spell that puts barriers in place . "
te	PRES	" That depends on what your definition of ' anything ' is . "
te	PAST	The shutters over the windows squeaked as the wind battered against them .
te	PAST	With one motion , she scooped up her leather portfolio and pushed her way through the glass door toward the elevator .
te	PAST	" But I nearly choked him to death , so it 's about even . "
te	PAST	Are you alright ? "
te	PAST	Are you alright ? "
te	PAST	Jenny directed the question at her father .
te	PAST	The mirror gleamed brightly .
te	PAST	My shoulders slumped and I hopped out of the plane .
te	PRES	The building blended with the surroundings , and those blended with the deputy 's uniform .
te	PAST	" " My Lord , " it hissed .
te	PRES	To be lodged in a secret bank account .
te	PRES	His dick slides between my cheeks and this time when he pushes on my ass , he forces himself inside .
te	PRES	He puts his hand on my neck , right below my ear , and brushes along my jaw with his thumb .
te	PRES	On the other , the content frightens me a bit . "
